you
ah
so we just handed in the Boston Logan
Airport and we're waiting in line to
rent the car only problem it is Jenna
who made the reservation has an expired
driver's license so their license is
expired which means our reservation is
no longer good and I have to get a new
one I always thought you had to be 25
but apparently you'll have to be 21 so I
can get one which is good but now I get
to pick a car and it's my car for the
trip how am I gonna pick a really big
car
expired license all right so we were
initially going to go to enterprise that
didn't work because Jenna didn't have a
license that she's not expired and then
I tried to rent them and I don't have a
credit card and you need a credit card
not just a debit card so now we're going
to a this or a budget as apparently you
can rent on better cards there because
they don't get a trunk this is kind of a
mess alright so we can't rent a car it's
been kind of a difficult time we've been
here for like two and a half hours now I
don't have a credit card and they try to
use my debit card and it wouldn't work
it was really frustrating so we're going
to try to find a taxi or an uber
we got to take the son of that clear
part okay being like why are you
snapping at me
I asked you a question he was like I was
being he was being the least helpful
person ever and then he was just asking
questions and he kept saying why are you
guys getting that like Andy first of all
we're not getting mad second of all why
are you focused on this why don't you
try to help us like he had no inkling to
help us out here your question and then
he would take his glasses off and be
like
at me I'm like what I do to you
god he was the worst
let's ask mr. burr
so we're gonna take the shot we'll get
new or go to the hotel and then we got
to edit John's video because we filmed
it and then we had to get on a plane not
ideal but we're gonna do it we're gonna
we're gonna make it no thanks to mark eh
I just couldn't believe how petty
everything was with him he was like miss
why are you getting so hyper I'm like
what what are you talking about it she
just asked a question people the same
exact problems guys comment down
below if you've ever rented a car and
they've asked you for your social
security number can you tell us oh just
take this cab
guys we're going to the wedding
rehearsal in just a few minutes is the
next day obviously uh we went to
Jackie's house last night that is
Jenna's friend who's getting married and
we hung out saw her new place and uh it
was fun
we drank got home late and then we slept
in so we're pretty good with sleep right
now we're gonna eat some food before we
head out I just spent like two and half
hours designing a snapchat filter I can
show you later why I designed it I'm
sure you can guess but that was the
first time I did that and it's a lot of
fun and I want to do it again so
I think I might be doing that more and
more now it's like cheap to design it
for a small area you know I'm all
dressed up sort of I just ironed that
boy right there good to go rehearse BAM
I'll probably just be like walking
around hanging out cuz I'm not in the
waiting Jenny's so I'm some free time
free time is always good I'm going for a
little walk the wedding rehearsal is
underway but I'm not involved I actually
don't even really need
here but I came and so they're
rehearsing and this is the first wedding
rehearsal I've ever seen it's very very
new to me but I'm in Quincy this is
Quincy and it was also really hot inside
so I wanted to come outside and kick it
but after this is the rehearsal dinner
which I'm under the impression there was
actual food there not just for her
school food so that is a good thing I'm
not caffeinated enough so I walked over
to a Dunkin Donuts to grab more of the
caffeine
what a weird morning we woke up like
9:00 after being out super late because
we woke up we were jet-lagged and then
we went back to sleep in till like noon
and I didn't caffeinate to like an hour
ago and I barely had any stuff that's my
caffeine so for the day
we're going to dinner now
they're sick we're going to dinner
it's the roses in our gonna get some
food and then I think we're going out I
am absolutely in love with this little
area is so nice dinner went really
awesome and actually the last ones here
we're kind of still hanging out
I just wanted to step out get some air
for a sec this port that we are on is
it's beautiful looking out into the
water or all the boats are docked
tomorrow we're doing a lot of whatever
we want because we have the day off so I
am excited for that but for now this is
it
you
good hey what's out
