good morning guys welcome to the rat
race Wow I was bad duh so I'm going to
be answering your questions today for
this week's Q&A video I say this week's
implying that I do it every week but I
don't I forget and I don't do it so here
is this week's questions video thank you
by the way for those of you who
submitted questions they were feeling
pretty good this week actually free
solid why is that guy so angry so the
story behind his picture is we went to
Ireland like right when we first started
dating I just saw this bridge and I was
like Jenna like I want to take a picture
in front of this bridge she was like
okay so I was like this is me in front
of a bridge she took the picture and we
didn't see it till after that this guy
was like so angry that a camera was
pointed anywhere near him he was just
angry I don't I don't know he was just
an angry guy but it made for a great
picture how do you keep your vlogging
consistent what keeps you inspired it's
hard it's it's not an easy thing to do
all the time I would say the thing that
inspires me is living life like
something will inspire me one day and
then two weeks three months a year later
I'll be inspired by something completely
different and I think I just get
inspiration from living and having
experiences and meeting people watching
things so it's it's not one thing it's
all sorts of things that gives you
inspiration as a vlogger do you plan on
purposing anytime soon you know I did I
wanted to repurpose the room down the
hallway into kind of like a closet and
then my upstairs closet I was going to
purpose into more of like a storage
space that way I could have both of them
working better
what achievements are you proudest of I
had an answer for this and then I
totally forgot I guess that was kind of
the answer Pokemon go or rocket League I
think definitely rocket League rocket
league has stood the test of time
I think Pokemon go had a phase and it
didn't really maintain itself who's your
favorite stand-up comedian and why I
would say Demetri Martin was probably my
favorite stand-up comedian I watched him
a lot when I was younger and something
about his style was like really really
funny to me and still is he had a show
also I think it was on Netflix awhile
ago I don't know if any of you ever
watched it forget what it was called
like this is a
by Demetri Martin or something it was
incredible like the way his brain works
always fascinated me what is one thing
you would love to film on a time-lapse
but it's difficult or tricky to do huh
I'd love to film a 24 hour time lapse I
think the most difficult part about that
is camping out somewhere for 24 hours
and you know kind of being set up for an
entire day of just sitting there and
watching your camera but I think
somewhere like the Grand Canyon or some
naturally beautiful spot would be really
cool to see a 24 hour time lapse are you
coming to vlogger fair I don't know yet
I actually was approached by them and
I'm still in the works of planning that
out I think I am but it's not confirmed
yet so stay tuned did you do much behind
the camera or have much interest in
videography before your vlog channel
developed or did your skills and
interest just improved through it I
would say a little bit of both I had an
interest of doing some behind the camera
stuff before blogging and progressively
vlogging just made it so I had the
chance to do more and more of it and
then I kind of found that's what I love
to do any opportunity I get and any
opportunity I've always gotten to test
out my skills or try something new
behind the camera I've always taken
because I just I feel like the only way
to really get better is to just do
things that you're not familiar with
what is the dumbest most embarrassing
guilty pleasure you still do well at
home that no one knows about I wouldn't
say no one knows about it cuz Jenna
knows about it but i rewatch series like
from beginning to end like I'm watching
Breaking Bad right now and I've already
seen it but I am like captivated by
Breaking Bad even though I've already
seen the entire thing I'm like looking
forward to the next episode I'm so
excited to have a moment of free time so
I could watch more Breaking Bad and it's
like I'm rewatching shows I'm spending
my time watching shows when you can
consume new media I'm consuming the
media I've already consumed so I guess
that's not super embarrassing it's just
some people don't get it like Jenna if I
cut off your leg and started thrusting
it at you would I be hitting you or
kicking you all right that's enough
internet for me today
you'd be doing neither you'd be bleeding
out who's a good boy me I'm a good boy
do you ever get self-conscious people
give you wear looks when you're vlogging
in public yes every single place I go
the only difference now compared to when
I started is you just don't give as many
fucks every single time you do it every
single time someone looks at you you
just lose three fucks and you don't give
that money the next time you're at least
say hi are you getting the new iPhone ah
no I use headphones way too much to not
have a headphone jack and I'm not about
that dongle life no I'm saying what
makes you feel most accomplished here's
a specific example if I find a song that
I really really like and I I want to
listen to it non-stop if I'm able to
make a video to go along with the song
that gets me equally as excited as the
song itself I feel like that's a cool
thing that's one of the biggest things
I've kind of enjoyed over the last like
year is like finding good music and
mixing them to my vlogs because now when
I hear a new song that I like all I want
to do is like think of what a good
concept would be to shoot for like music
videos that's interesting to me so when
I do something even remotely like that I
feel accomplished well you do me a solid
and watch the TV show Chuck it's my
favorite show yo I watched that show
growing up that shit was the dopest I
love Chuck I've never ever met anyone
who said did you watch Chuck so Jordan
thank you for being the first person
because that show was dope and I loved
it have you ever met Roman Atwood I have
he was very nice to me do you even why
do you guys own Peachy now where did she
come from
well we've rented her and then we just
never returned her and I honestly don't
even know where she came from
I think she just showed up one day if
you and peach switched bodies for a day
what's the first thing you would do see
there's a good question I would piss off
Kermit and have him chased me around
because that's something about seeing
Kermit like on my level and running
around with him seems really interesting
I get picked up I do the thing where I
jump into the air and dad picks me up I
would do that I would eat things off the
floor
would you ever plan a trip to Alaska
hash tag clouds lol yes yes yes I would
and I will probably eventually do it on
my own but if there's ever a specific
reason for me to go to Alaska an event
somewhere where I can be as a guest I
would do it even sooner but Alaska is
definitely atop my list where do you
draw your stylistic influences for your
vlogs are there any particular youtubers
/ there Murtagh refers who inspire you
uh I feel like I kind of get a lot of it
from TV shows that I watch we're really
interested in watching shows and kind of
finding out what about the show gives it
the aesthetic that it's achieved and so
like when I watched mr. robot I feel
like I was heavily influenced by that
show shows like breaking bad Fargo just
the way that they're shot and the way
that they're put together that
influences me a huge amount fuck marry
kill
cher Shakira or Celine Dion can't fuck
marry kill because that's all one person
what happened you were just Julianne
Channel I repurposed it into a space
where I can put projects that are not
vlogs for instance if I shoot a music
video or I shoot a commercial for a
company that's where it will go so it's
kind of like a living portfolio for the
stuff I'm doing the other day I actually
just uploaded the outtakes from the uber
go video of which are pretty funny would
you go storm-chasing in Oklahoma he'll
fuckin yeah I just I need help I don't
know what to do alright well that's
going to be it for the questions thanks
again everyone who submitted questions
on my facebook that is like the only
thing I use my face before but you guys
always leave good questions so thank you
I'm currently in Boston and I'm probably
just right now walking around and
exploring so if you see me in Boston say
hi but I will be back tomorrow for
another walk and I'll see you guys then
I got to go return peach now
