all right morning guys
we are running a ton of errands today we
leave for the airport in less than 24
hours so first stop here is the bank
clouds are cool we gotta go to the bank
because I have to cash a cheque and join
us gotta get what are you getting she's
getting she getting cash but it's not
for like a normal reason it's for her
wedding gift / video to Jackie so we're
gonna hit this up real quick are you
going inside I'm gonna cash this check
cashing checks
alright guys pay close attention all
right well it's making a bit deposit
here we go
once we were done here we're going to go
to Staples because we need to get ink
for the printer
we're done Bank got our cash and our
checks deposited a car out that has so
much money in it
like they're cashing checks anyway this
morning I actually just finished the
short film so I don't have to say that
stupid word anymore I hate saying short
film I don't know seems pretentious but
I finished it what took the most time
for me was mixing all over the audio
because I'm not used to mixing any audio
and there's so many different aspects of
the piece that needed separate mixing
voice over music sound effects things
like that
so I spent the entire morning mixing it
and it's in its final mix and it is done
it's submitted and everything so it it I
submitted it so that is done one less
thing I have to worry about and I also
finish the final cut for the lyric video
today so I got a lot done on the
computer Rob that's from oh my gosh
alright but look at these clouds oh come
on like a whole bed of box
I just want to land it we found an
office depot that's kind of nearby so
that is where we're gonna go because we
need some ink for our printer which we
haven't refilled in like ten years
and our printer hates us and also why
our printers so difficult you found it
you got oh yeah
this is so whelming all these inks
alright so we need color and black yeah
good call cyan magenta yellow black
you guys ever walk into the store and
then just black out on totally
forgetting what you needed that's
happening right now I know I needed like
besides the ink I know I needed some
office things but no other clue in my
brain right now what it is I was going
back to school right now I'd be set I
would just get all the binders and then
I'd hate myself because they have to go
back to school or I'll let you go but
that noise is so loud that it radiates
throughout the whole store every single
time it happens I think we just have one
more stop left which is getting dog food
for the dogs not for us so they can eat
food while we're gone and you believe
how about that noises yeah so you get
here from here that's crazy
the miss you door
Wow look at this go ahead we're not
ready yet
thanks a lot all right so we are going
to a wedding this weekend and I need to
get something ready to wear and I
haven't worn a suit in a really long
time so I'm going to dig up a couple of
options and test them on to see what I
feel fits so here we go let's uh it's
being a goal
you know what this is exhausting and I
think I kind of just will wear what I'm
feeling I'm gonna bring this shirt the
white shirt the black blazer the gray
blazer and a couple of ties but other
than that I'm gonna keep it fucking
simple keep it simple stupid you know
I'm saying I'm not calling you stupid
I just hate changing a lot I feel like
it's a waste of time so I'm gonna stop
but there was my fashion show anyway I'm
going to actually start packing some of
this stuff so I don't have to do that
later and then I am going to film a Q&A
for you guys so you can watch that
tomorrow this is my mess of wedding here
hi Petey thank you for stepping on
everything it's okay I'll iron it later
you can be cute
are you coming in the way are you
getting married
I love you so sweet I didn't tell you
guys but over the weekend we played with
something called microsoft hololens
which is my first semi vr experience and
jaywalker has one because he did a thing
with hololens and it is incredible it is
mind-blowing technology and I'm really
hoping I can get my hands on one so I
can show you guys some of the shit that
you can do it's like you're literally
put it on and you can see Holograms on
the table like it's literally Star Wars
like if you want to play Minecraft you
could play Minecraft on a table so
you're building physically on a table
it's in every sense of the word it's
mind-blowing
do you like hololens
do you though even yo I can't believe
how little you are about you a tiny
little thing you know you're just
hanging out bud
yeah Oh is he gonna hamburger Otis you
holding the down bud
look how little the Betty takes up why'd
you just text me off to do one last
thing out in the world today and I know
I've been there a lot in the vlogs
recently but I'm going to get my hair
cleaned up just like the sides cleaned
and cut a little bit because I'm going
to a wedding and I want to look as nice
as someone can look with bright yellow
and blue hair but I wanted to make this
hair trip a little more fun and I am
hungry so is what we're gonna do I'll be
heading in to get my hair cut in like 15
minutes I stopped to get some sushi
we're gonna have a sushi party while we
come out here not really a party but
it's dinner time and I know Rob hasn't
eaten and I haven't eaten so I figured
I'll bring some food and that's the way
I'm gonna do it tonight
I love how this what do you guys pointed
this out this fucking thing it's always
just hanging around by itself just
having its own opinion about things but
yeah it should be a really quick haircut
I just wanna clean up the sides because
I really like it
yeah then get home and probably edit
some more stuff and I have to clean the
house because the dog sitter can't come
to my house
now we leave at 5:00 a.m. to the airport
so I don't know if I'll sleep tonight
thank you so much love you very much
got a couple tweets from you guys asking
about the meetup that I was talking
about there are no details yet because I
haven't figured out a time and a place
but it will be in LA and I would likely
be this fall sometime stay tuned I'll
let you know when I know more but it
will be far there will be in our way
somewhere around where I stay
let's see if she's just staring at me
man alright sushi party ha ha ha ha
broth clean me all up all ready for the
wedding the wedding that is not mine
yeah
me too I'll see you soon ok so 5 minutes
I guess it is so funny when you lay like
that
well straddling your couch like a boom
bar yo back home quickly the only reason
I am back home is because I left my keys
on the dumpster and someone returned
them to me so that guy gets good karma
for doing that I would have been stuck I
probably would have forgot where the
keys were or they would have fallen in
the dumpster I left them on the dumpster
because I was propping my camera on top
of them like an idiot and then I just
grabbed my camera and left forgot the
keys so thank you to the guy who brought
me my keys I appreciate the good deed
I'm going to watch peach for a little
longer get moving on other things thanks
for watching the world I'll see you
tomorrow Boston
you
you
