fantastic the fountain really needs
water really badly hey yes I wanted to
sit down and make video just talking to
you catching up with what's been going
on with me and my life in here but the
dogs are excited about this we just
arrived back home from Big Bear we went
to Big Bear for Jenna's birthday for the
weekend and one second
all right anyway I hadn't really been in
a situation the last week or so to vlog
my day I just I've been preoccupied with
a lot of things to do I really want to
make this weekend and this week special
for dinner cause it's her 30th birthday
and I really felt like I couldn't handle
just vlogging this week and it's not a
bad thing and I I knew that so I didn't
and I know you guys were wondering where
the vlog was on Friday or the birthday
weekend vlog and all this and that but
to be truthful I just I felt like I
needed to focus my time and my energy on
the weekend and just kind of everything
I've been dealing with which was all
great like we had a fantastic time up in
Big Bear Jay and Fitz came up and met us
and we spent a day out on the lake we
read to the boat we drank beer on the
boat it was like it was a perfect
weekend and I think Jenna had a good
time which makes me really happy but I
just want to just check in with you guys
before this week starts up because this
week is gonna be a little nuts we are
going to Boston on Wednesday we are
going for Jenna's best friend Jackie's
wedding she's getting married I think
Saturday and we were leaving Wednesday
so that is what the last week and some
of some of this week has been in
preparation we recorded two podcasts and
now we have a day and a half to finish a
video for Jenna before we hit the
airport so it's gonna mean us and I
think this trip to bigger although it
was for Jenna's birthday it was kind of
perfectly timed because now's when
things are gonna get kind of hectic and
it's really nice to have some time off
so another awesome thing about Big Bear
was we got to I brought the drone on the
boat and I got to film less you know
from the sky when we were having a blast
out on the water if you guys want to see
any of that just wait till the end of
this video and you'll see it I also got
to see some pretty good stars because
the moon wasn't too bright the second
night we were there I've mentioned this
in passing in a few vlogs in the past
few weeks and I wanted to bring it up
again I'm working on very special cool
collaboration with a come
that makes lapel pins you guys know that
I like pins and a company called free
radicals approached me because they
wanted to do something together so we're
working on some really really cool clean
design pins for you guys they're gonna
be super cheap affordable but we're like
really nice cuz Kenny who owns the
company
free radicals takes her work very
seriously she's a true artist and it's
been really awesome kind of
collaborating minds with her there was
actually a time lapse going up there
that's what that noise is this guy is
pretty cool today so that is in the
works I wanted to share that with you
and then I'm looking into setting up
another meet-up in the next few months
because it's been a while and I wanted
to do one I wanted to have it be catered
with pizza like the last one because you
guys like that because who doesn't like
pizza so I will keep you posted on that
also one more thing I Jenna was playing
the Chilean sucks at celebrity trivia
podcast on the way home from Big Bear
and you know when we finished recording
that I was like I was a little like damn
I'm kind of an idiot like I'm not proud
of myself
but upon listening to a second time I
did like it and I laughed and I know it
was fun and Jenna had fun and it was
great but I do think I'm gonna come up
with a sports trivia podcast that I
think you guys will like and Jenna won't
have any idea about so I think that will
be my response to this another
interesting thing about this week is
that I'm gonna be wearing a suit and I
haven't done that in a very long time so
I gotta figure out what suit to wear and
I'll be vlogging a bit in Boston I don't
know my schedule yet in terms of what
I'll upload my plan is to upload as much
as I can leading up to Saturday but I
know that towards the end of the week
and coming to Saturday it's gonna be
absolutely insane for all the wedding
prep because jenna is in the wedding
I'll do it I can I'm gonna probably just
take my camera and I'll have it
everywhere so we'll see what I what I
upload but I'll keep you guys posted on
that
hello
hello hello hello ladies
anyway I have to get to answering a
bunch of emails and getting this week
back on track because it is Monday and
we had an extended weekend so gonna get
going
but I wanted to make this to check in
with you guys you guys seem to enjoy the
last kind of straight-up video I made
with you where I didn't really edit or
take you around with me and I like this
I feel like this is this is good I'll
try to mix more of these into the
schedule and also maybe some more q and
A's but just wanna say I appreciate you
guys and thank you for your patience and
always caring you're awesome and see you
guys tomorrow
speak
Oh
