what is up guys I am on the road today
literally on the road right now
I'm on Topanga Canyon probably not super
safely pulled off to the side but I
wanted to get a video shot because we
see a flying pig you take a picture or
video of it I am all packed up today on
this shoot no need for that noise
there's just no need for it I am out
today shooting a lyric video all around
kind of the west side I'm on Topanga
Canyon I'm going towards the beach that
I'm gonna finish back in the valley this
band approached me because they want me
to shoot their lyric video and they want
a Julian vibe and a California vibe and
I am so excited about this opportunity
so I am spending the day doing this I'm
gonna be using this camera to shoot a
lot of the stuff that I'm shooting I
have a big camera right here the a7 s
this is the a 6300 and phantom 4 drone
is in the back and I'm gonna be making
stops along the way kind of just filming
what I like so the vlog might not be
super extensive cuz I'm gonna be using
this camera but I'll do my best you will
be able to see this video when I'm done
I'm gonna put it on my second channel
which you can check out i've repurposed
my second channel up there into a real
of work that i do for people that aren't
me or brands that are not me so for
instance the Mike's Hard Lemonade stuff
that all will live there any stuff I do
for brands and companies and bands will
go there so you'll see it there although
I am far from done because I'm shooting
all day today so I just want to update
you this what I'm doing and now I'm
gonna get off this sketchy-ass spot
right here because it's a sketchy-ass
spot so alright so my next stop here is
like the PCH which is where I am right
now
and I I just got down from the beach
which which was my first believe it or
not it was my first time flying the
drone on the beach so that was a lot of
fun there were some wind surfers I got
some really cool shots but I think after
this time lapse right here I'm gonna
move north yeah
Northwest ish up the coast like deeper
into Malibu to see how many more
inconvenient sidewalks there are for
real dove there's like no room to walk
on the PCH this is fun though the
beautiful day out
just wish there were more clouds alright
I have made my way over to Santa Monica
I'm getting off the PCH right now and I
haven't seen this yet they redid the
whole California incline
alright the Sun just set and it was
outstanding it was an outstanding sunset
as good as it can be with like no clouds
in the sky I made sure to come here it's
about 1900 just past to catch the sunset
because I wanted to get a sliding
time-lapse just over this overlook right
here at the PCH so I think I did a
decent job we'll see we'll see but I
think after this I'm pretty much done
for the day I'm gonna call a head comm
and see what I got today
it was a fun day of shooting and I will
keep you guys posted on that lyric video
it's nice to come to Santa Monica and
Malibu but I'm ready to go back to the
valley
my alarms going off because a meter zone
all right so I I just got a text from
Keeton my friend Keaton who runs tech
smart who's been killing it lately he's
currently at the promenade sleeping
outside the Apple Store or at least
posting up to sleep outside the Apple
Store because like I said he is tech
smart so I figured I'd pop in and say
what's up to him since he's all bundled
up it's actually kind of chilly over
here I'm not gonna lie this is something
that was in my trunk and I'm lucky was
zoo in oh my god that was so sad like
I'm just chilling here
what uh-oh you sure can yeah
all right I'm not waiting out he
convinced me I'm gonna stay here till
Friday and this Wednesday right no I'm
not I am NOT but Keaton is he's gonna
knock away no I'm not I'm not even get
the phone but you are your team froggen
have the dopest first iPhone 7 video but
there are all these people waiting and
Keaton's pursue and those are our chairs
those are our kids there's no one else
waiting I was like are you serious yes
like those are our chair but those
people are not my role
all right so before I head back Keaton
had to run to the bathroom he's
legitimately staying here for like a
almost two days straight so he's got his
buddy that he's doing with but he had to
go to the bathroom so I I'm holding his
spot down for a couple minutes then I'm
gonna go home but today has been a nice
nice day and it was really good to see
Keaton because I haven't seen him in a
long time anyway for the next 10 minutes
I am that guy waiting for an iPhone
first in line that's me that's I am that
person so until I leave everyone's
looking at me
I went out to the grocery store to get
some stuff her birthday is technically
in 45 minutes so I went to the grocery
store and I got her these flowers and a
nice bottle of wine but that is just the
decoy gift really cuz in here which not
see till tomorrow
BAM balloons so I got a whole bunch of
balloons that one says congratulations
mama says it's a boy
hi did are you doing the plan is to wake
up in the morning before her which is
easy I do every day and get those
balloons bring them up to the bedroom
and surprise her the birthday
celebration has begun for Jenna by the
time you're watching this it will be her
birthday so give her some birthday love
I'm gonna get to editing then cleaning
and eating thanks for watching work I'll
see you guys
