family have been blessed today by the
cloud gods
it's actually rained a little bit this
morning but it's been the coolest
looking sky I'm shooting if I'm ops
right here but I honestly feel like I'm
going to go out and find some better
vantage points oh yeah like it's
sprinkled a little bit this morning it
woke us up
it woke me up it was like sound of rain
which was so unbelievably peaceful and
now that I'm back home I just showered
probably going to eat a little something
and then I think I'm going to head out
with my camera but today we used to
record a podcast which is not normally
the day we record we recorded yesterday
which is a Monday and today that's a
Tuesday so these are two days we don't
normally record but we're doing it ahead
of time
fuck off here a because of Jenna's
birthday and B because we are going to
be out of town soon and we want to
prepare for it so it's not a super chill
day we got kind of that to do and we
have some planning for the trip to do
but the good news is it's a wonderful
day and caffeine still exists so as long
as that's going on things will be okay
guys what climate do you know where it
snows and it has a beautiful cloudy sky
at the same time because I don't know
any probably actually a lot of places
that have that made a mess yesterday
using the slider for the project I was
shooting with a slider for a single shot
and I left it out because my mom's not
here thump oblate uh here's a closer
look at these awesome snakes by the way
yeah these are my favorite these are my
favorite so far by the way guys there's
the most amazing Instagram account who
does these drawings of me but I mean
they do drawings of a lot of different
people and things but they didn't even
have like
a day and she finished this one the
couple that is that's her name up there
you should go fall her she's constantly
making amazing stuff like even even the
stuff that's completely unrelated to
YouTube and whatnot she does really cool
work she had maybe two days three days
and she already got a cool picture up
thanks girl I appreciate you can you
think of a more adult fucking post it
fucking taxis are you doing there no
dogs and though they are one hello
excited one good morning you guys
snoozing are you sitting perched up on
the pillow like a king
alright let's see what happens with that
any dog besides peach not about you okay
how about you I'm gonna Becca peach it's
not your pet anymore you can't claim all
the pets we brought this guy upstairs
because we love him so much
mitii he's so clutch
for morning
but Wow I just remembered I need to
upgrade iOS 10 I woke up this morning at
like 8:30 and I had to go to jujitsu so
I couldn't upgrade earlier and I just
totally forgot about it until maybe
three seconds of being on social media
it just as nine point three point five
fuck hmm oh maybe I plug it on my
computer
let's do that uh another awesome thing
hey Jesus like is that we can leave our
bedroom window open now at night and it
will be cool like really cool and we
haven't had that in a really long time
because it's been summer in the fucking
Valley which if you're new here half of
the time I'm talking to you it's just me
complaining about how hot it is so it's
a pretty wonderful and nice that it's
nice and cool again and also it's like
it's nice to not be blasting the AC at
night not that we do it every night but
it's just nice to have it be cool again
I am ready for this whether I'm here for
it what check for update 10 here we go
download it requires a new iTunes oh
come on I don't use iTunes ever because
it is the world's biggest fucking
headache expressive messaging digital
touch send sketches taps replace an
emoji cool cool new app store for
iMessage okay photos face detection
terrifying new home app to securely
manage a home kit and nobody uses that I
agree I agree alright so we recorded the
second podcast we play the newlywed game
for a second time which was a lot of fun
and now we need dinner and we don't have
that much food in the house so we're
going to go get food and there's this
new place it's called a what's Oh
grocery store that's what we're going
so we're at the doggie emergency room I
guess again
marble stepped on something we think
because he came in from outside wobbling
pretty hard and he was licking his bar
and he can't walk on it so we were here
to get him checked out he won't take
benadryl
yeah I think ASA was a bee sting he
won't take benadryl yeah we thought oh
my baby sting we try to get benadryl he
wouldn't really take it cuz he's just in
a while
hey your son yes it's his left paw and
in there it was shaking a little bit ago
he seems to be in pain but once we hold
him it's like he's okay it was just when
he was walking when we tried to look at
it you really don't like that we just
got him seen by the Laurentian took his
temperature and I'm never gonna wait for
the doctor oh please
what if they can tell if it's like a bee
sting right away Fenian eggs right I'm
gonna get an x-ray make sure I didn't
break it but also my ears are dirty and
she's gonna clean them for me are you
excited she's in the yoohoo baby there's
maybe an x-ray just to rule out any sort
of fracture but she doesn't think it's a
bum thing she thinks it's like a skin
irritation thing so they're gonna go
back and shave his entire paw and get an
x-ray and the doctor also said his ears
are dirty so they're gonna clean his
ears
it looks like he's okay cuz he's walking
around on it we just let him walk around
for the doctor and he can do it I knew
they do these are dirty but we think
it's a like either a sting or something
surface not above I guess that's good
guys right yeah ring an x-ray to rule
that out and then
as some painkillers oh look these
already on them nobody want some pain
poor God my ears are dirty in my hand
hurts to polish a Bosch I didn't even
look that weird you can see all you nice
little colors yeah he keeps doing this
thing he's growling at the nurse as in
the doctors a dingy well into the vent
for an injury and got pampered we should
clean the easiest - yes so we will wait
to hear from the x-ray but it looks like
nothing happened to his own right so
we're going home
and just a sac relating to hear what
they see of the x-ray they're sending it
off to a specialist and then they'll
send us home with some pain meds so
looks like we're done here and
everything's gonna be ok but he seems to
be just kind of tired and over it now
yeah is there you for some good that
good good so well ok oh you're gonna
stay away from him because he smells
like the vet all right we're back home
cat eat some dinner I'm gonna play some
rocket League because I need to don't
wind down and I think Jays gonna play
with me so that is how I'm gonna close
my night which I feel like is a pretty
good kind of solid way to close out your
night so we're going to destroy some
people in broccoli or get destroyed but
I'd like performer to happen although
you never know if anyway thanks for
watching the vlog and I'll see you guys
that you did you just text me I'll check
your text I'll text you back
