popsicle I'm a pasta call stick straight
up anyway good morning guys I'm getting
ready for the J today I'm going to go
celebrate my dad's birthday with him and
my sister and my stepmom and we're going
to dinner kind of far from me so I got
to leave in a little bit before that I
have to go get his present so I think
I'm gonna go oh sorry
I think we go to a golf shop Roger done
golf shot my dad is huge golfer so I'll
probably get him something from there I
want to show off my cakes today these
are the cakes of the day my new nmds
really excited about these shoes I've
fuckin fallen in love with nmds and I
have now two pairs but this one I just
got so peach what are you doing it tell
me we're doing are you gonna go
interview for a job
hey don't know don't eat I'm asking what
do you get a pay rent huh what are you
gonna pay fucking right
anyway Jenna's feeling a little bit
better like I said she was sick this
weekend so she's just getting over it
now I had some coffee but I feel like I
need some more so I might just take care
of that
first rabbit made on the first try all
right so here's the problem with getting
my data present from here I want to get
him like a club or something nice I'm in
the women's section but I don't know if
his bag is full like I don't know what
club he needs at one club he doesn't
need so I wanna get him a putter if he
just got a really nice putter I said you
should just get him this bag so you can
sleep in it
Jim you guys I'm seeing someone I like
all first me we didn't know which ones
to be enjoyed by the moment I think I'm
looking at a wedge for me so I got him
some balls and I'll get a wedge this is
a nice I think it's a gap wedge
please do not swing is hitting your
customers it's not a night door wait
that's not right
no yeah we were checking out and the
girl saw my camera and she said what
kind of blogs do you make do you talk
about politics and I was like politics
I'm just like laughs first two games
like you could have said anything I like
this guy is talking about politics I was
like no no definitely not - so sweet
politics talk about huh can you it's an
automatic open there we go
no more no more weapons little weapons
the what all right so that is done got
my dad some golf toys for his beating
I'm not gonna head home and show the
film in this new politics blog blog
blood
I gotta record some stuff for wonderful
this is theme song for my politics blog
alright going to have some family time
getting it over with a golf club
he's arriving fuck
why don't we just why don't we just
stumble upon what happened we just
walked out of the bar I'm with my sister
we walked out of the bar and there's a
ferry and our bicycles leave right we
forgot our drunk parade of friends on
lit bicycle dinner was good we just got
a drink and now we're going to try to
get home it looks like oh they're coming
they're coming back look at this guy on
the top you'll see him I don't know how
he gets up there it's a good question
he's so high up
back in Australia
he just said I look like his cognitive
let me know he's all straight
hey brah I like your hair you look like
my cockatoo back in Australia that's
easily the best compliment I've received
so far with this hair straight up I'm
with my sister not Jenny I used to have
a parakeet named Jenny and Roxanne said
I look like Jenny but no I look like a
cockatoo and Australia dog we hit a fun
dinner tonight and now we're down here
trying to find there Eber and my Ebert
oh is this you know this is Hugo how
long is it going here oh I swear my
driver's name is Hugo and Roxanne's
driver's name is Hugh no and Hugh our
drivers are just almost the same name oh
I had a great
I just wanted to say that this entire
weekend have some time to and really
look at and we were
my project is
sure photographers now the thing is like
try something in which a short film is
for me it's very new you're excited
about
I thought that I had this vision for
what I wanted
and
spending a lot of time editing it it
came out a little different on me
thinking about it non-stop I've kind of
found a new direction for it this whole
process has been kind of stressful but
you know I know that when I'm
let's get a feel
the tragedy I was able to dig myself out
of a situation where I was scared that
nothing was going to as romantic as
no fucking idea we're doing just like
you might feel
you guys want to go on a ride you want
to go in a special a key day all right
we're doing special a key day guys I saw
a promo for this show Westworld all the
other day on I think HBO it looks
fucking sick I'm so here for this it's
like it's the most excited I've been
about a show about like a new concept of
a show since the leftovers it's called
Westworld it's like it's about dreams
really cool I can't fucking way and
that's the first poster I've seen for it
so that makes me really excited oh yeah
you should really go shit on what do you
mean you should push her on you're not
really sure I'm niek normal it's in a
camera move completely camouflage
basically there's so many balance too
many dogs dolly did stay dogs you play
right here they're having the time of
their life I'm happy I rock Kermit can
he come bring it yeah good boy yeah he
was just sitting at home and now you get
that plated while Marvel's gets around
time with mommy
peachy any goal if this means get up
only here not anywhere go to Grandma
Thank You puppy all right so that's
happy right there you guys have met
puppy that's my mom's first dog and my
mom just told me that my brother likes
to say that puppy is the most flammable
dog what the actual fuck is wrong with
Marlon who says that puppy are you
flammable what a weird thing to say
you're such a weirdo Marlon Marlon well
she just imposed that's more than the
hacker for you right there as a little
baby guys you're fine do a fun time all
right so for them they had a fun time
we're going home now
uh finish off on Monday and get
everything done but I'm happy I got to
take them because I think they needed a
playdate
so peach says that's gonna be it for the
vlog so I guess she she says see you
later
hi guys
