early in the morning I am getting up and
I have to go to a doctor's appointment I
would say the weirdest part about right
now is that it's 8 a.m. and I haven't
eaten or drink anything even water since
around 11:00 last night the water thing
is killing me I'm going to get an
ultrasound for me because I'm pregnant
guys I know I have to get an ultrasound
on my upper right quadrant which is like
right here it's the area that's been a
problem for me last couple weeks that's
why I went to get my blood tested and so
they're going to go do that but I have
to have a completely empty stomach
I mean for me every single morning I
chug fair bit of water so for me not to
have any water last night middle of the
night this morning has been tough we're
going to go do this and then I'm going
to bring my water with me and I'm just
gonna have it ready to chug honestly
this is where my appointment is today
guys hell yeah
breast link women told me to let my baby
sounds weird it's officially weird
doctor's appointment you know that never
thought in a million years I'd be going
with you to your ultrasound well maybe
next time I'll be with you yours
I saw you old belly it was uh it was
honestly a little exhausting cuz I had
to keep holding my breath so I kept
having to hold my breath really tell you
yeah yeah I was like can I breathe now I
was actually like getting kind of close
to that so I don't know I gotta wait to
see what my doctor says is wrong with me
it's not a baby though guys I need water
dad hydration party what do you have
next air 215 hydration party you have an
out
what time is that we're a lie I said to
our so nap won't be I had a dream about
easier than it and it was not a good one
we had a two hour nap actually Jenna's
still sleeping I drank a bunch of water
before I fell asleep because I hadn't
drank any water and I woke up and I'm
still like dehydrated so I had this in
the freezer ready because I wanted to
make it into like a slushy so it's like
giving me electrolytes hydrating meat
but also ten seconds are highly
recommend like takes two hours to turn
into that any longer it'll freeze so
yeah I'm just still kind of getting my
grip of today and I am off in about
thirty minutes to do thing number one
today after that I'm going to do thing
number two that's bad
thing number two is my hair though so
I'm doing something interesting in my
hair I'm excited to show you guys it's
keeping the yellow but we're doing
something else also yeah nice little
lazy day lady feeling lazy some middle
of the day oatmeal with banana because
it's the middle of day and I'm gonna
fuck on good fuck huh alright so I just
got home gotta go leave again to go do
the hair bring you with me this time
because that you're going to want to see
it but I'm just realizing that I haven't
had any caffeine I think I'm gonna have
some caffeine and just gonna sit here
with Kermit for as long as I can before
I have to leave who wouldn't want to sit
with that
all right I am on my way to do some more
crazy shit to my hair
hopefully he doesn't take as long as
last time like I said spoiler is we are
leaving the yellow
and it's just doing stuff with the roots
fuck was that here with ruff and today
we are changing it up so I'm going to
remove the yellow for like an hour and
then we're going to put it back in
remove yellow so that we can do a
two-tone with a different color and then
yellow so take them out of the yellow
for like an hour and then it'll be back
alright this is this is me now we're
taking out the yellow so that we can put
in more bleach and then more color
as you can see it's like a lot lighter
because we had to do the treatment to
remove the color didn't fully work so
we're doing it again but this is what it
looks like with like really kind of
light highlighter yellow hair I never
got to get it all out all of it
oh man this is taking forever but we are
almost there my hair has turned into
like an almost white because in order
for the new color to show up it's got to
be really bleached this is it it's not
dry yet obviously but I am now a
popsicle we're gonna dry it and put some
I think like something to protect the
color and then I'm a bounce home and get
to Jenna she's not feeling well I think
she caught the cold that I had last
weekend so make it out of here soon and
go to her but yeah this is the new
fucking hair and I'll show you again
once it's all dry because it's going to
be a lot lighter blues gonna be lighter
and the yellow is going to be the same
really like here you go Julian the
popsicle stick yeah Jenna's asleep
I'm pretty carried away on editing by
shark sometime I was kind of hitting a
wall but I took like a day off and I
came back to it and I I kind of found a
new angle that I really liked so I got a
lot done on that but I'm gonna put this
vlog together for you in the morning so
you could have it then for your weekend
we're just gonna be trying to get Jenna
to feel better for the rest of the
weekend so Center your love
last weekend was my turn to be sick in
this weekend deserves e next week
