we're gonna get like all sorts of meta
because this is actually me logging oh
shit
so fucking oh it's gonna be really
confusing yep wait hold on let me get
your IV fake vlog you real vlogger yeah
alright oh god use it
my head hurts right now make sense I
hate everything um we're just we're
shooting and short that Julian came up
with it's gonna be really fun looking
forward to it Julian's blogging me fake
vlogging this isn't a real blog this is
a this is a deception within a reality
within a deception
this isn't gonna live anywhere not my
camera can't this can't I don't even
think you press record away dude alright
so we are at Jay's house we just shot
the first little scene of the short
where J is the vlogger he's my actor
today and it's it's just starting and
we're kind of getting going believe
we've accomplished the first location so
we're moving out now we're going to
drive around the valley to a couple
spots and we are going to shoot a little
short of him filming himself that will
give you that much of the short that I
was talking about it's based on a
vlogger kind of a generic all vloggers
one blogger sort of thing I won't be
vlogging too much because I want to
really focus on this I have show you my
setup pretty sick I got my battery pack
on my sony a7s that's backup audio this
is primary audio because audio is going
to be important here tripod got my
slider in the car and it's going to be
kind of an all-day thing so I'll talk to
you guys when I can
just got done stay stay all right all
right so we're up here duh
so weird I like I tell them to do a fake
vlog and then I vlog Mulholland overlook
the audio is not fucking horrible we are
in full effect right here we're like we
found a bunch on Ventura and I'm having
a body good yeah great
we pulled up everyone left thanks yes
thank you this is all my shit everywhere
and we are pretty much done with this
location we're just gonna get audio now
speaking of audio this is terrible audio
like a mid-afternoon beer all right man
it's a wrap here at Jay's apartment
finishing everything and we just got the
last shot we are done with this little
short it's funny watching the vlog after
I've been fake vlogging all day yeah you
gotta like vlog school today at work
yeah master it's hard yeah it's really
hard guys ya don't underst man I'm an
actor in that this is hard a lot of what
we shot today for the story was you know
jeiza bloggers so he had the vlog and
like there was no fake him out yeah
because we're using actual clips of the
valen camera so it was fun watching him
kind of just do it so but we are
finished we just got the last shot in
the last bit of audio and I'm excited to
edit this just not right now I wanted to
hear that Bruce Keith uh-oh Bruce Bruce
Keys like it's I call my name like I'm I
wanted Bruce key he just offered me a
mid-afternoon beer and now I'm like I
made it I feel like we heard it so we
did right yeah
and so I have a return home and I have
my work cut out for me to put together
this short into some cohesive sort of
film um really really happy but now I
went I think Jay is a super badass I
think he's like a natural really great
awesome actor and he really got the tone
I was going for so right now I'm going
to import all the footage all the audio
clips and log everything so it's all
organized but I'm not going to hit it
today I'm too exhausted I slept like
terribly last night I went to a game die
with Josh which was a blast
stayed out probably too late and came
home and I just couldn't sleep I think
it was because I was nervous and excited
for this and whatever but it's kind of
in two days now where I haven't slept
which it's not really fun so I'm gonna
log this fridge and then probably relax
from it because it is 1,500 I've been
out since 9:30 so been a long day but
really awesome and I can't wait to show
you guys for those who don't want to
talk about I shot a short film today
it's going to be premiering a buffer
fest it's my submission to the short
film category it was like my first time
ever doing something like that directed
wrote and shot it like you know just me
kind of one man banding it dynein one
man and snap um okay so on second
thought I'm sitting down been long yet
boy who are you talking to myself like
everyday yeah yeah talker my friends I
pet them as I log the footage I'm
getting excited and I
and now but I think I might need a boost
so I'm gonna have a beer lit up in beer
well I'm mid-afternoon work on my
mid-afternoon uh well this works Julian
Julian don't do that don't do I oh oh
cheers guys
gonna have this beer they're in the
fridge you all cried wolf I'm crazy
excited to get this thing done crazy
excited so I'm gonna sit down I'm gonna
edit and I'm gonna drink this beer while
I edit this and log this I'm also going
to put this together so you guys have a
vlog so thank you for watching this vlog
today thank you for bearing with me this
week you're welcome I can't fucking wait
to show you this buffer festival October
20th through the 23rd in Toronto is
where this will premiere I will be there
meeting everyone who comes in foes below
you can make it otherwise I'll just
never ever fucking see you dude
it's like whatever where are you behind
me no that new Ariana song is fire do I
look like bunnell day open all night is
stuff boy oh boy
gonna walk inside the side that's filthy
are you filthy mommy mommy please MA
more you don't yell for me in my mouth
who is this mom come here drink me new
phone who dis come here just wanna yell
you know I don't like it hey kiss me for
the camera okay click woman who did oh
hey need a kiss don't yo I swear no
yelling no yelling in my mouth please
I'm serious I'm talking right now I had
a long day
kiss me I gotta finish my show BAM all
right finish your show you're
distracting them is your fault in no
bring my advice good for milk true love
is letting significant up here just
choke you out real quick dark go sleep
you good night I'd like to oh let me -
don't take me why drink beer from pet my
beer I shouldn't have started this vlog
