what's up guys so I wasn't feeling well
again yesterday and um I've been having
like a couple of days coming off the
sickness where I've like just not been
feeling well so I didn't make a vlog
yesterday but I figured as I get ready
today for the day I could just make a
quick little I don't get ready with me
what's up uncut sort of video for you
guys to have ah so I didn't have to just
leave you empty-handed for the day um
I'm just getting ready right now
I finished training a couple minutes ago
and I came home and I just showered and
now I'm going to lunch but I really
wanted to check in with you guys
so before it's something that I feel
like I want to talk to you about is
before I'm naked by the way before I was
leaving the train this morning I watched
a little bit of the live Apple Keynote
about the new iPhone and Apple watch and
everything like that and I missed most
of the iPhone part of the Apple watch
looks so fucking cool and I feel stupid
because I already have one but they were
talking about how it's 50 meters
water-resistant so you basically swim in
it as much as you want but there's still
a speaker on the watch which means that
there's an opening for air to get into
the speaker and they explained this in
the keynote it's crazy but they explain
basically the fact that you need air to
have a speaker because sound needs air
to vibrate but air also leaves room for
water damage so what they do now is when
the water comes in to the speaker port
when you're done with your workout the
speaker ejects the water that had been
left over in in the port which is like
my mine fucking blog um one sec um son I
was kind of like blown away by that they
also added PokeMart go for the Apple
watch which I feel like it's going to
revive a lot of people's put them on go
playing because I know I've stopped
anyway I haven't uh we haven't talked we
haven't chatted you knows you and I
about the the night of because we
watched that this weekend we binge
watched it like straight through and
didn't sleep and that shit is so good it
was like I had so much anxiety watching
it and it was one of those series that
like it basically like left you ready to
be like devastated at any moment like
the whole the whole show you're ready
for like horrible shit to keep happening
but spoiler alert so click away if you
haven't seen it but for me it was like I
felt like shit was going to go down and
either NAS was going to die or something
horrible was going to haven't asked him
just going to jail and at the end of the
series I realized like the amount of
change and like not good change that a
person goes through just from being in
jail for a little bit is enough like
that was the bad part that was what you
were bracing for the whole time it was
happening right in front of you and so I
thought that was really cool how they
kind of just like I don't know the way
that the way that he had like a
metamorphosis in jail felt like way too
real and I don't know shit about jail
but it felt really real so that was a
crazy good shot I commend you guys check
it out also completely unrelated one of
you guys told me after Jenna and I
streamed the baseball game the other day
now we should stream Madden and I
thought that was such a funny idea
because jenna and i stream Madden sorry
we stream the baseball game pretty often
now and it's just so fun because it's
it's fucky and goofy and whatever but um
Madden could be even more because they
have like mini games and it's just I
feel like there's a lot of room for
fuckery um anyway I am almost done
getting ready when I shower he's how
much sour and get ready
peach is sitting right there on the bed
every single time without fail she sits
there and waits for me to shower and get
ready it's uh it's one of the cutest
things she does no matter how much fun
she's having downstairs she hears the
shower turn on she runs up here and
waits for me oh so I really appreciate
that you guys have dogs you know what
that's like her dogs that like to watch
you shower like creeps just kidding I'm
late I'm late
that's not enough on us this this is
weird me just sitting you're getting
ready and not editing any of this that's
weird
but I don't know I wanted to give you
something
not 1000% I fast like 999 % half-assed
sometimes it's just it's difficult to
put up a blog when you have shit going
on that you I don't know that you really
can't ignore
so either something behind me can you
hand me out thank you thank you
that smells good so today more to lunch
and possibly doing a couple other things
later and maybe helping gentle with our
video to tomorrow tomorrow I am shooting
the short film and I'm very excited it's
gonna be the whole day I'm gonna you
know spend hours and take my time with
it and should we really dope I'm really
excited to show you guys what I do
it'll be premiered at buffer fest and
then I can show you on YouTube and
everything I getting it going to lunch
but thank you guys for allowing me to do
this if I did post this I appreciate you
watching and I'll see you guys tomorrow
another probably regular vlog but thanks
for getting ready with me I'll see you
guys later
