Wow
happy morning to you guys Wow I'm coming
off a pretty shitty weekend I was sick
the whole weekend I had a pretty bad
cold and it started like Friday morning
and then it just kind of wrecked me
Friday night all day Saturday I was kind
of a mess and now it's Sunday and I feel
significantly better I don't know what
happened I honestly think that I went to
the gym Thursday and I hadn't been to
the gym in like a couple months it was
the only place other than here that I
feel like I was at so feel like I got
caught something at the gym anyway I had
my wonderful girlfriend to nurse me back
to health which any of you have ever
been sick with a significant other
taking care of you
and it is just like so much better than
being sick hello that part wasn't
horrible
luckily I'm feeling like a lot better
right now for me when I get sick it's
it's almost always a sensation in my
like upper throat that makes me like
realize I'm getting sick then it turns
into like a head cold and then when it's
almost all over it finishes with a cough
starting to deal with the cough stages
but I know that means it's almost done I
wasn't planning on this but no one ever
plans on getting sick so I got through
it and we really just didn't do anything
but chill luckily we didn't have any
obligations this weekend so I can just
kind of chill out and rest Friday before
I started to feel real shitty we had
Sara from the challenge over to podcast
Sara rice or Sarah Patterson she just
got married Lizzie who watched the
challenge you know who I'm talking about
and you probably know what we talked
about on the podcast I was super fun
she's super rad person and it was like a
great conversation we had and I'm
excited to show that podcast see you
next week for this week we still have
two podcasts because we had an idea to
have the Sara podcast go up next week do
a YouTube D monetization podcast sooner
than later because that's kind of
time-sensitive so we are going to record
that later today right now I'm having
caffeine for the first time in like a
day and a half anyway
missed you guys I was kind of m.i.a this
weekend but I'm feeling better
took a lot of vitamin C I don't think my
body is angry about that
are you body huh let's go by the way my
sister told me recently that Carly
chicken the one on mr. robot went to
elementary school with me and my sister
so that's pretty nuts I'm chilling out
right up the clouds are actually showing
up today a little bit trying to copy
this humidifier because my throat was
dry and hurting so we got this boat
Friday it's been going strong ever since
his name is MIDI
wait 105 yeah in your justice
now
let me know if you ever need help from a
real proud hearthstone all right so we
finished the podcast and it went well I
mean it's like a it's such a crazy
situation that like it's it's
interesting and kind of not scary to
talk about but it's intense and it's
like it's a big deal
so I will weld up and now we're gonna
eat some food and just have this
marathon of Jenna losing and hearthstone
continue grape peach mommy's bad at
hearthstone the huh
yeah mommy's bad at heart though yeah oh
yeah good girl huh
we brought the second beanbag from the
office into the living room so it's like
a fort in here boys are over there
peaches and chillin on this one
I'm chillin here but it's like actually
really fun to have both in here we are
gonna hopefully get like really a head
on podcast this week if we can do two
podcasts this week like Thursday through
Saturday get to done then we should be
set and that would be ideal because we
have things coming up
so the Kermit will come sit on me like
you just ran in here from outside to
tell me like this and I go curry can I
get you just like flipping back and
huggin Michael Connie can't you - well
now he's scared cuz you're here can't
you - can we can I get you can I get you
oh is that go blue
sits on me he'll kiss me can we can't
get you can I get you
can I get you I just want to hug you
that's all Kermit you're already sitting
on me can I get two can I go too
I get to
I'm sitting here can I get two Oh miss
wants to love you commit your art you
sitting on me I want to hug you I love
you can I get two can I hug you
come come don't promise
little Raptor can I hug you peaches like
I'll give you a hug
well you got them on right here smells
like a fish alright guys leaving forever
we're never ever ever going to come back
goodbye okay takes you to the grocery
store take one quick fucking coachella
stupid gun so Francis did you do it to
like the fuckin alleyway or something
like a dumpster here
yeah
we came to the grocery store because
we're gonna make popcorn tonight we
don't have the supplies
it cost 20 cents to whip it livvie good
we use finish watching all of the night
of scam tell sex that was worth it it
was incredible
I know it's like light out it is uh is
now Monday there's a Labor Day happy
Labor Day to you guys delayed by one day
but I am out in the world doing a couple
things I have to drop off this package
which is this lens that I've been using
the last few days on the a 6300 which is
the wide lens that I'm getting but I uh
I rented it first so I can see if I
really liked it I just wanted to quickly
say thank you to the dink fam to the
podcast family today for the response to
the podcast I mean obviously it's a it's
not a happy-go-lucky easy podcast to do
and it's also not easy to post and you
know we were very curious to see the
response that you guys have really
started good discussions in the comments
and you've been thoughtful and you
haven't just been getting upset which is
very easy to do in subjects like the one
we talked about so thank you guys for
being thoughtful you are awesome I hope
you guys enjoyed the amount of clouds in
this vlog because I sure did anyway I'm
gonna get back home and start working on
this short film I'm shooting this week
really excited for that it's going to go
to buffer fest which I've already
on Twitter so if you guys are in Toronto
in October go to buffer fest because
I'll be there but that's what the short
film is for yeah it's back into the
swing of things even though it's a
holiday so hope you guys had a great
holiday with your friends your family
and I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another block
