good morning guys looks like it's a
wintry August actually wintry September
morning it is now September shall we
walk through it again
looks good pretty magical not gonna lie
after all these fellas you're confused
Jenna pranked me yesterday by throwing
me a wonderful Christmas party when I
came home it was really really funny she
slid down the stairs her whole videos
about it so if you're confused you can
check that out but the set remains the
wintry set has gone nowhere so I woke up
to this and it was oddly relaxing and
kind of festive and cool so I'm not even
mad sometimes when she makes videos and
like there's huge messes I'm like
alright let's let's clean this up
tomorrow but today I'm like I don't
really hate it also I think the prank
was really cute anyway off to go have a
lift going to the place where the
Fitness happens and I'm going to push
some weight around
I think deadlifts today and then some
shoulders as well then I'll be headed
back here to do more things on this day
of other things appreciate the response
I got to yesterday's vlog I think it's
really important that everyone keeps
talking about this YouTube censorship
issue while it happens and as much as
you can because the voice is coming from
both the creators and viewers of YouTube
or what's going to make change it's just
it's scary and it's important stuff
anyway I'm going to go do some scary and
important stuff to these weights if you
know what I mean
I'm going to lift them all right I'm
going to the gym but first
you just stop and get some new
pre-workout I need to switch up my
pre-workout right now for those of you
who use pee where you know I'm talking
about you kind of have to cycle for them
to keep working when I grab some of that
and then I'm gonna go work out and then
I also have to go to the post office in
the way home because I have to ship
something so first off is getting more
caffeine in me right now just go with
this
actually don't need to see thank you I
appreciate it
alright I'm getting something called
thinna flex stimulus we never tried this
brand before for those who take
pre-workout you know the tingling that
you get that's from the beta alanine and
kind of looking to cut down on that
because it makes me a little crazy at
least lately it has so this has no beta
alanine so it should work I've been in
the Vitamix shopping forever I needed to
go anymore take care of my bodies with
the vitamins alright I mean the parking
lot ready to go in the gym feeling a
little better cuz I got some caffeine
now I need to go lift the dead I'm gonna
go lift the dead lifts I'm gonna go do
the lifts of the dead the dead of
suicide alright workout was good now I
am stopping off at pathetic store
actually not the post office because I
got to ship something and
as this YouTube is over party thing and
the whole change is happening to the
monetization and in quotes censorship
happening it's really fucked up and I
think the most fucked up part is as you
probably saw on Twitter and as you're
seeing right now is like there's like
sort of a war being waged between
content creators who are going to be
affected by this and content creators
who are not you'd like to think that all
content creators would in something like
this stand together and be like this is
bullshit but when it's not really
affecting you it's easy to say it's
going to be okay so I think that's kind
of one of the biggest issues happening
Thanks Hey all right packages all ships
and now I'm stopping by Starbucks see
some more caffeine mostly for Jenna she
had a late night editing her prank video
so she has not caffeinated yet I am
right next to a Starbucks so why not
venti iced coffee with soy milk all
right Jenna what didn't you say got the
goods going at home so today I'm not
super a lot going on other than like
getting some work done at home I
actually am going to sit down and do
some writing I'm going to write for this
little short film thing I'm making
you'll see more about it I'll show you
when I film it tell you all about it
you'll see it but it needs to be
prepared more than it is right now is
just kind of an idea so I think today
when I get home I'll have some time so
I'm going to sit down and actually get
some work done on it
all right it's popcorn time of the
Thursday this is what's happening I'm
going to shake it real quick
we've been obsessed with making our own
popcorn lately and since we have a new
episode of mr. robot to watch we're
putting dinner off and we're going to do
this first popping the kernels right now
and over here we have the mixture which
is the seasoning which is East onion
powder garlic powder and salt once this
is done plopping we'll have a nice big
bowl of homemade popcorn and some fuel
to watch mr. robot because as you guys
know we can't watch anything we're not
eating something with a fuck but they
know yeah so the popcorn is all done
popping as you can see it's ready to go
unflavored we're going to put some
melted Balance butter and I'm flavouring
on it next and shake it around it should
be ready
all right it's time for some popcorn and
chill you want to try a bit make sure
what's the try it
yeah yeah first you got it step one is
you got an oppressor with the popcorn
you got to make some dank popcorn so
she's like oh okay okay boy and then you
got to be like let's go to this couch
over here while we eat this dankness and
then she's like okay boy or girl and
then and you're like oh I got a new
episode of mr. robot on deck she's like
where did my panties go oh my god
for real though it's so good yeah it's
like cheddar cheese popcorn fuck yeah
alright we're gonna watch a new episode
miss robot now okay thanks bye
all right we watched mr. robot and send
you our robot and I'm testing out a new
lens on this camera it does not have
this lens does not have the fast deep
zoom like you guys like that's the most
I can zoom but it does have a wider
angle which I've been looking for with
the smaller camera I have it with the
big camera and I want it with the small
cameras this would be my secondary shut
up but I'm just testing it out it's also
good for astrophotography anyway we're
just chillin chillin the problem is dank
the episode was doing analysis tankmen
you know what I want to brag real quick
what do you guys tweeted at me this
ultimate office quiz made by BuzzFeed
Jennifer excellor tweeted it and it says
the only the people have seen every
episode of the office can get this
question right this who fucking got a
right boy I did I got it right there's
proof on my Twitter you want to go take
that quiz and then see if you get it
right and then compare bellavita
you wanna go guys why do you fuckin guy
you was all right I do thank you for
that song
hey did I boo you with my popcorn chill
no don't
wha yeah shut up shut up alright so as
you can see by this beautiful song we're
going for a ride
sometimes you just need to go out for a
ride at night and get some french fries
french fries why you come - maybe
this is all insane I don't feel I am
being unsafe going slow I promise
peach take the wheel Kermit get the
grape ready to buy
I'd like to bar right now cover the
pocket back are you in some paint right
now for you jinx you owe me a diet coke
longer in the mouth
wow what a cool ladies goes all night
you just guys who you're like
cheeseburgers in the bag please here's
my card
please take it yes i am julian so Amida
alright three french fries please
yeah thanks a lot I used to love coming
here now high school you have like a
spot in high school where on the
weekends like here we go hanging out
yeah Donna and Bob's we will their upper
face ball games and that milkshakes and
petals
ours was we went to big Joe's which is
still there it's insane Monica I went to
in and out those are the cheap plays we
went was in Rochester Oh what you think
I go up what would you get them down and
Bob milkshake some people's weight those
two like that's it do you dip the
pickles in the mill face
they didn't have the naked pants for men
so what do you want I asked you really
did you do have naked pants for men huh
make pants for men I'm ready to buy it
she was like she's like first of all no
I'm sorry down taken I'm gonna have to
ask you to leave now
excuse me ma'am um if I buy these
leggings and cut the crotch out so it's
like dickless chaps on faceless Jack
Nicklaus I get my cover
thank you how are you it's good for this
song we're gonna feed our soul but also
mainly our fucking mouths thanks for
watching the vlog have a great weekend
what is it it's me doing the little
tickly thing to their knee just imagine
it happening on your knee ah I just
blacked out later guys
