s'okay he just freaked out and kissed me
alright Marva where we going what's
happening right now are you going on a
marble venture is it a long time today
alright we're taking you on a long time
we decided we have some errands to run
and we're going to Studio City and we're
taking the Bibble guys just a little bit
because we were we were eating lunch and
like chillin on the couch and he was
like getting super alone attention time
from us
and he was milking it and he was loving
it so Jenna was like let's take infernal
own time because he doesn't really get
those that often so cuz PG freaks out
when he leaves yeah last time we left
with marbles and peach wasn't ready for
it she like tore up the whole pillow how
to Pierce stress she also didn't see him
leave like she's like it's a kicker
she really yeah that was probably the
biggest reason why she lost it cuz she
didn't know it was happening
yeah so we're gonna go do a couple
things serious it even bring a little
guy because sometimes a little guy has
got to get a little guy day
okay going a little guy day you're
always on cuz you're a little guy
three just bars and we're going to
Lululemon to get a few things and some
shirts that I want to get there are
these little shirts with like three tiny
stripes right up here on the collarbone
and I found out that those are Lululemon
so I'm gonna go get some and since this
Lululemon Jenna will probably grab some
things too right
I think Marv was happy though seems very
happy Oh fresh mango I see those things
everywhere now ever since I talked about
him I see him everywhere might have to
take that up on the way back
in the
all right so I found the shirt I wanted
and I'm going to try them like a bunch
of them because they're they're super
comfortable they look like workout shoes
I mean they technically are workout
shirts but I wear them kind of
everywhere because keeps you cool you
know and it's comfortable comfort is
number one for I kind of give a fuck
thanks you Anna god I miss feeling is
this what Rachel was like they literally
you're not wearing today yes I don't
know the answer for that but I knew I
know the answer you should get naked
pens that's a dress you're gonna be like
we're gonna hit just angle I was having
a good day he said out of the worker who
works here and he's very very sweet I
think he's extra sweet when he's alone
because he doesn't feel like he has to
protect the pack right Marvel is all
right he's just like constantly smiling
hello
I'm in a good day yeah cold water no
fabric software you want to do with
other like fabrics and then you needed
this in a larger sense yeah
why would you wanna move
two doors down from Lululemon is healthy
spot so that's naturally we're going to
go right now
some are you ready for another fun time
a healthy spot except for by yourself
they love you at healthy spot we should
on this instead of Kermit's crate that
is amazing you're doing there what if we
got in telling the living on our pages
just put a dog down in the corner living
room casual was fuck you're not gonna
like put a dog tent in front of us and
have us not want to buy a dog tent only
the necessities this is Kermit's life
this thing is so cool
not putting out in the bedroom we just
got a condo in the bedroom soon there's
gonna be more places for them than there
is for us no how about just out back
where it's supposed to go it's pretty
rad I kind of want it for me honey
Oh
you want to see me Oh cute these are ask
me that's odd really liked me I liked
him too
hi Marvel now back to being just the
other of the third dog a long time is
ending
yeah this was his life and then you got
Kermit and he said well what the shit
mom until he had this like romance grow
it is so hot today goddamn it's always
the end of the summer that's the hottest
why is that he said sir I need some tape
for this the other day I went and
replaced my broken iphone lightning
cable and they gave me a new one so that
is right here fresh and clean all ready
to go
unfortunately my old one right here is
logging messed up so I need some gaffers
tape which is a tried electric tape and
it didn't work because it's just like
melted I need to find some gaffers tape
which i think is in the podcast room
I couldn't find proper gaffers tape but
I think this this is similar so in just
about an hour and a half I'm going to
get my hair dyed again rhe bleaching it
Andrey dyeing it what color you'll have
to see I did want to quickly talk about
the YouTube situation that happened
yesterday for you guys Phil DeFranco was
talking about it so if you guys follow
him you'll know what I'm saying
basically bunch of his videos were
suddenly unmonitored and they were not
monetizable due to the videos containing
sensitive material let me find the exact
screenshot so I don't butcher this the
content that he got popped for that was
considered inappropriate for advertising
could have been sexually suggestive
inappropriate language swearing and
vulgar language swearing and vulgar
language and controversial or sensitive
subjects including events were related
to war political conflicts natural
disaster okay so basically they're
censoring the fuck out of them and it
begs the question and it's a terrifying
precedent but it begs the question of
what is happening right now are they
literally just deciding now that they're
going to start fucking blatantly
censoring giant channels on YouTube and
if they are what the fuck does that mean
or people who are on youtube if the
philip defranco who is one of the oldest
most established creators on the on the
website is getting this treatment it's
pretty terrifying to think about what's
going to happen from here on out if this
continues Rob Dyke actually tweeted
about a couple of his videos being
unmonitored automatically and I just
wanted to get on here and say that I
think it's just terrifying first of all
I don't do news channel I do vlogs but
if I were to do news that last part
where it says you can't talk about
sensitive or controversial subjects how
at all are you supposed to cover any
news how are you supposed to like have a
channel where you talk about things that
have sensitive subjects related to maybe
politics or war it's concerning it's
it's really really not good news but I'm
curious to see where it goes because
YouTube has listened before the
copyright dispute system was revamped
because great and array and a bunch of
others made a lot of noise about that so
we'll see maybe maybe things will
or maybe they will say exactly the same
and this is the beginning of the end
maybe for a lot of youtubers or or the
way YouTube is right now either way very
terrifying really fucked up should also
I'm cursing right now as I do in plenty
of my vlogs scary to me to think that
maybe someday I'm just gonna have
YouTube kind of ripped out from under me
and I can't really make money off of the
vlogs not saying I wouldn't do it
anymore I'd find a different way to make
money because I love making vlogs but
it's pretty mess-ups alright so I think
we're almost good with this this is what
it looks like now so it's a green
strained iPhone cord I am going to sit
here and do things on the computer for a
little while until I have to go take
care of this mop here's a color that if
you want something unique I have all of
these colors alright so a little bit of
change of plans
we are not bleaching or coloring
anything today what we're doing is we're
giving my hair a Brazilian Blowout
because it's been I think almost like
eight months since I got a Brazilian
bought and this is my normal hair
texture and it's really shitty it was
driving me now it's like I've been
wearing a lot of hats lately and it just
doesn't work right so what we're doing
is just cut in a Brazilian Blowout say
and then I'm going to think about what
my next color was going to be so I have
more time to sit on that decision which
is good it's probably better the problem
with my hair that I had like it's just
an issue that I've kind of realized I've
had ever since I stopped like buzz
cutting my hair is that the texture of
it is not super easy to manipulate it's
sort of frizzy it gets dried out really
quick when I sweat I lose control of it
and ever since I grew my hair out to a
bun I would get Brazilian blowouts to
help the consistency of my hair and that
always helped and ever since I cut it
short my hair has always had the blowout
effect
on it and this was the first time that I
had gone like almost a year without
getting a blah
so I'm reliving these effects of my hair
that I really really hate and then we're
going to decide on what color we're
going to do next the important part is
being done right now but that's a
problem my hair I shampoo in my life and
time away and while I sit here I'm
actually going to prepare some notes and
do some research for a certain podcast
guess we're having on this Friday the
hair is all done feeling a lot better
I'm gonna go on a little night ride and
head home in a bit goes in the vlog
thanks for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow later
