all right night vlog I don't know why
I'm wearing a sweater I just had a lapse
in brain function and went out to my car
got this sweater and put it on I love
this sweater but I'm hot as fuck I've no
idea one wearing a sweater like it
baffles me right now that I did that so
I'm hot tonight we hello
he tried to put the syrup why are they
doing all right that's a little bit
better I'm gonna stand right next to the
AC bend so tonight we are going to see a
friend a very good friend the type of
friend that will love you forever
the type of friend that you just want to
see sometimes really late at night the
type of friend that helps you when
you're having a day that has really
exhausted you his name is no net friend
so we're gonna see donut friend we're
gonna drive over and get some donuts
because they're open til 2200 it's gonna
be night block give me a venture blog
I'm gonna be a donut blog you guys are
you for a little night adventure
I'm like it's you but it's like dead
night right now it's night out and it's
still fucking hot this garage because of
how hard was today you guys already are
you guys doing you good ready for a
little donut adventure I'm going down a
ride
all right we're all strapped in here
there's so holy shit a little bit we
came to join a friend got here and it's
slammed there was like no parking or
anything and it slammed like inside so I
just went and got us donuts while Jenna
watched the babies but guess who tweeted
at me
what would we lay marilyn monroe herself
cupcake no yeah did you say help me I'm
fangirling a little cupcake tweeted you
feeling growing a lot of it Mellon
Manila can y'all believe jennamarbles
just followed me and played deep throat
in her podcast this is on early
Christmas
get them what is art and I said I love
you girl
yes and I said honey I fucking love her
oh my god I'm so excited
Marilyn Monroe knows a man home so I
think what I want to do is I want to
drive somewhere that's not right here
like down the street maybe and park yeah
and then we can eat alright so the
closest parking spot we could find was
all the way back home we just had to
come home so we can't watch Fargo and
eat our doughnuts what do you guys think
you guys think about that you guys have
fun
you guys think excited dog noises about
that I can't even see you guys huh I
think they just appreciated getting out
of the house because they were kind of
cooked up today feeling good is the
Third Way 90 does your complete not some
doughnuts and we're good alright so
we're back and we're gonna have these
doughnuts we're going to continue
watching Fargo we finished season one of
Fargo we asked for your suggestions on
Twitter the other day of what show we
should watch because we just finished or
we're all up-to-date on mr. robot
I know it's still airing so that's like
such an amazing show you guys know we
love that show go we've caught up on
that and we were looking for something
cool and similar so we watched season
one of Fargo and it was awesome and now
we're on season two we've watched one
episode and I really liked it they did
similar to what true detective did they
like season 1 season 2 were completely
different but I really like watching it
I have to show you these doughnuts
before before we eat them because you
came along on the journey it was such an
anti-climatic attorney but you came
along on it regardless so you should see
them
Jews are fun ride peaches like yeah but
now going to play commit me please come
thanks for watching is really short and
adventurous vlog
where are up with that one
tiny dogs sweet friends and
Oh panting Wow is that an original color
it's an original cover thanks for askin
for real I'm sorry you're a fucking
idiot
for real guys I'm sorry that this vlog
is so short and sad but this is zazen to
do today and that is all I care about
I love you guys but come on am i Julien
yet oh thank you sir my ponytail yeah
and then I go hey kids
dad practice get in the van and then
they do it and then I come home and I go
hey whiz with my wife
wish yet hell yeah why don't you take a
poll on your vlog of whether or not we
should adopt that bunny yeah her
neighborhood watch app thing said
there's a bunny that needs a home
so I told Jenna and she was like we
can't have a bunny I was like all right
I just wanted to tell you so now she
wants you guys to let me know in the
comments of whether or not we should
adopt a bunny if you think we should
adopt a bunny give us a good reason why
and what name we should give it if you
think we should not if you think we
should not adopt the bunny I only hear a
really good answer like a really good
answer of why we should not adopt this
fucking bunny isn't on his list of four
things in life that he loves
and also love
that's right we're going to watch some
Fargo I need some Dawn's love you guys
later
