so this morning kind of sucked I woke up
and watched the livestream of the FCC
voting against net neutrality and
repealing it 3-2 to five people deciding
the issue of net neutrality seems so
insanely ridiculous and stupid but it's
just kind of a bleak day and that's not
to say that like anything's final or you
know it's not worth fighting for anymore
or I don't want to be a downer but I
have to kind of like be honest about
what it felt like watching that decision
live there's some really evil people in
the world and one of them was
responsible for making that vote today a
jeep I just basically lied and sold out
everyone on the internet so to speak the
vote for net neutrality was three to two
against repealing net neutrality as of
today and it's just a bummer it's a
bummer to know that people like that
have power right why is this discolored
did I do that most of the tweets that I
got for people asking me to do vlogmas
this year were for me to recreate a
moment like last year where I've heard
the pillow today was definitely a step
backwards a big step backwards and it
sucks we're just sitting here reading
about it every morning about how
something else has gone completely
fucked and today was just like a really
really really big last straw and I think
a lot of people are starting to fucking
wake up to it that like shit's fucked
and shit's fucked there's corrupt and
greedy and really really bad people in
power in this country I literally never
ever talk about politics you know on
kind of anything I don't tweet about
politics I don't talk about it in the
vlogs I like my interaction with you
doesn't really concern political
goings-on and and that's that's on
purpose I think I think that can get to
be really really exhausting for people I
think it's not something I want to be
talking about it's not a conversation I
feel like I need to be having with you
guys all the time which is why my
content doesn't contain it but in a
situation like today you can't just
ignore it like this Jeep hi guy he was
saying all this vote is gonna do is make
us you know a safer a more open and free
internet for everyone which is just a
fucking lie plan to restore FTC
jurisdiction is good for consumers it's
just literally works like you're allowed
to get into a position like he's in take
fucking deals from Verizon or whatever
giant ISP is paying you to like make
these fucking legislations and then lie
about it Zoomers will remain protected
and the internet will continue to thrive
the amount of like dishonesty that comes
from our government
it's like characterized by how that guy
acted today and it's just it's shameful
that's all this is just like gross and
I'm like ashamed make no mistake this is
not a youtuber making a case because
YouTube is going to be less lucrative
for that youtuber this is like a human
reaction to someone who sees the power
of the Internet on a daily basis and
watching it get taken away from
everyone's grasp because there are some
greedy people in power like I said I'm
gonna link everything that I know of
that I can find that you can do in terms
of emailing calling texting pledging
supporting donating everything that will
fight against this decision to repeal
Neutrality because this is this is
absolutely something that nobody should
be sitting idly by and letting have it
just nobody I'm gonna try to sum up my
thoughts really quick I'm so angry that
people with power in this country use it
for such horrible selfish greedy and
evil reasons and today was such a
display of that Ajit PI's the scumbag
he's not fighting for any of the people
on the internet he's not fighting for
you he's not fighting for me he's not
fighting for anyone who wants free
access in a level playing field to exist
online which is to exist today it's 2017
everything that happens now is online I
also want to address the notion that
because a youtuber is mad about net
neutrality going away it automatically
means that that youtuber is just scared
that they're not going to have a job I
think that's so insanely stupid me
existing on YouTube is literally the tip
of the iceberg of what my life consists
of that involves the internet everyone's
life relies so heavily on being online
all the time using the internet for
information and getting things done and
learning things and being up today and
getting your news everything so if there
are youtubers and I know there are who
are just upset about this net neutrality
issue because they're not gonna have a
job or they're worried they'll be able
to monetize videos I think that's just
not what this is about this isn't to say
that the fight is over and the fight is
really actually far from over the bottom
line is there's a lot of different ways
that everyone can still fight to the
bitter end which this is absolutely
worth it if there's ever something to
fight about it's for the Internet so
with all that said I hope all of you
guys are able to participate in the
resistance of this massive step back on
the internet that's all we can do right
now is just keep fighting keep educating
yourself and keep fighting support those
who fight and that's really all I can
say right now so thank you guys for
bearing with me for this and please do
check the description and just stay up
to date as best you can
you
