when we were at Target we were walking
by like the kids toy aisle and the
suno's little toy cats I walk past it
and they're like motion-sensitive and it
fucking hissed at me and I got really
offended and then I was like wait a
second I should get that for Kermit
get your sister there we go sister come
in ready to meet your sister you're
gonna like her just kidding you're gonna
hit you know what that is it's your new
sister it's a cat yeah you guys are very
interested oh you don't know what it is
mommy's unwrapping the cat from its box
they're captivated right now so you need
this thing
more what is it
Oh buzzy sister you like it go Oh what
is it
hey what-what is it move on unless
something cute guys he lies she's
terrified Oh each killer cookie just
ready to fire either
big man geez alike
where is above there's a car become a
song you smell like a No
I don't know how to make it go
that's just like sir does it
like the Chitti mom coming to you
outside oh well I thought they'd be a
little more freaked out by it but it's
cute that they're trying to like sniff
it anyway it's Saturday night and we
just got home from Target yeah lots of
fun boy stuff so I think we're going to
have sort of like a game night but we
also might do a game that on the podcast
we're still figuring that out we're
going to make us some drinks and maybe
play some games and we have to watch the
rest of this pipe that's happening that
we recorded yeah she's real interested
in it
like hang out you're recording when she
goes over there a little bit you just
lick it it's trying to find its ear they
want it was insistent peachy just out of
nowhere went over to grab the kitty in
the other room cuz she's really
interested you dragons stairs it's not
real
we'll get the king
then she likes that pig all right so we
discovered this game use these magnets
to control your piece like that and it's
basically like air hockey you want to
score the ball on their goal and we're
playing and it's like the most fun ever
I don't know why it's so fun I think
it's the magnet that makes it so fun
but this is we're gonna play around and
I'll let you watch you must have a fruit
snacks for this game but if you fall
into your own goal or you get two or
three magnets it's bad for you and it's
a part for the other gender first 2 6 2
2 2 you can't see what the other person
should get that magnet
oh my god
oh my god you guys see the comeback of
the century shut it I wish I had this
this is super fun
all right so we're gonna play this for a
little work all right fuck it I haven't
done any drunk logging in the last so
many months so no tipsy and uh blogging
to a little drill Club plan is to do a
little drinking then little gaming in
the little podcasting Wow
whose camera is this come get you that's
my I have it don't need to get it come
get you camera we had a really kind of
fun night like be went out to dinner
which we never do and we went to Target
and bought all the games like literally
every game
star just know I was like why couldn't
you boom here we go this is the podcast
setup got Mandy's ring and the games
we're going to play with the drinks so
this is what it looks like I just got it
all set up the camera is on this is what
we see when we podcast I will likely see
you in the morning
it's been a really fun night can't
stress that enough she's like wait she's
a super forces what did I do this
this oh my god haha being a stroke oh
just dying
hey soon a little Healy's action over
here we just streamed and uh getting
better that is for sure I'm getting
better at these fuzzy you follow me on
snapchat you'll know that over the
weekend I played with this actually I
think was on genistein shot but play
with these new gillies even as a kid Oh
killing it even as a kid I never really
did Elise I never had a pair therefore I
could never get good but I recently got
a pair and they're fun you've had a good
day nice and productive and a really fun
weekend but I just want to get on here
show you my new toy and close the vlog
can you guys for watching I'll see you
guys tomorrow
