I'm not Farley with peach and wow it's
actually overcast today interesting
interesting it is before I've
caffeinated I have a not super fun day
today I gotta go get blood work done I
gotta get needles put my arm and blood
taken out and tests done and all sorts
of really not fun stuff and I can't
really eat anything until I go do that
because I'm supposed to be fasted for
the bloodwork I do know that I can have
some coffee because you can remain in a
fasted state with black coffee anyway
yeah we're going to head over to this
place where they do that it's not a
doctor's office at some the lab I'm
going to lab with lab coats and I think
John's gonna come with me although I'm
not sure that she will watch the blood
actually be removed from my arm because
that is something that she doesn't do
well with she were to watch she might
just pass out but we'll see you know are
you gonna come watch me get blood John I
watched you get blood John actually no I
didn't they take him in the back when
they give them shots and I had doctors
appointments yesterday and I was kind of
running around wasn't able to really
vlog the plan for today is I'm sorry did
you want to say something she's acting
like she didn't just do that anyway the
plan for today is go get this done get
the blood drawn then we're probably
going to eat something because it's
gonna have been almost 11:00 or noon by
the time I finish and then I will be
working out today I might take peach for
a run as well then taking her for a runs
what are you looking at
and all the lines into
all you guys were asking me last time I
made coffee with the French press why I
put salt in the grounds I've found that
when I put a little bit of salt just a
tiny bit not that much it brings out the
flavor of the bean you're not tasting a
salty flavor you're a little pinch of
salt and it brings out the flavor really
well at least in my opinion you can try
it yourself it works really well in
French press coffee but so many lie so
many lies that you thought out is to
shake my eyes get you cold
peach is so funny she gets excited when
I'm doing certain things in the kitchen
like if I were to go fill up some water
from the fridge she loses her mind watch
of course she's eating the one time I
wanted to show you this anytime we get
ice or water from this frigid dispenser
she comes up and just jumps next to us
like we're getting her a treat from the
fridge or something thanks for showing
them peach that was really cool yeah
she's like fuck you and your stupid vlog
yeah we're cool I've been really
obsessed with making cold brew coffee
which isn't just like iced coffee it's
cold brewed coffee the way I make it the
way I've kind of learned to make it is
you do everything that I just did with
the French press you grind your coffee
you put it in the French press you heat
your water to like a warm hot not
boiling pour it into the French press
and then you cover the French press with
like a paper towel or something and then
you put it in the fridge all night the
morning comes you take it out of the
fridge and you press it and that's cold
pressed or cold brew coffee whatever you
want to call it but it's really
delicious because it doesn't just taste
like
repurposed hot coffee only thing about
that is you have to prepare the night
before which takes some foresight so
today I did not have that voice right
peach good she left me I always get up
before everyone and I come downstairs
and she comes with me that she's excited
to like start the day with me but then
once she realizes I'm not like
entertaining her and it's kind of boring
and she'd rather be in bed she comes
back to bed
always looking for the best deal man all
right I'm not a complete idiot but I did
mess up on the coffee call so I just
prepared that coffee thinking it was
okay to drink because I'm just fasting
and you know there's technically no
calories but I did a little research and
I learned that it was advised to not
drink any coffee because it can alter
the blood work so upon taking maybe two
or three sips I put the coffee down
called the doctor's office and I said is
this still okay I took a couple sips of
coffee and they're like no you're fine
I'm saving the coffee for later I think
we're okay so we're going to go get this
blood drawn and then
come home and then caffeinate after we
arrived at the medical building it's all
in running remember taking the work done
soon
all right it's time for a urine sample
where is the doctor said pee pee pee you
just go get it balanced yeah I'm gonna
take you finished like five seconds he
just seems like given Zhu Li because I
knew this room I need this room while
your boyfriend peepee that's crazy I'm
like went back into the room when I was
done peeing and Jenna wasn't me she's
somebody else love shit hey what's going
on over there oh sure we aren't some
lunch we stopped get some lunch at the
harvest bar this place is really good
I'm hungry Jenna's had it with me and
we're taking these straight shooters so
what is it supposed to just lemon I am
I was popping
Oh felt like I was 90% lemon and 90%
cayenne and 90% ginger sort of this
place we're gonna get some lunch they
make these like bowls so we're getting
this Cuban bowl it's made of like rice
and jackfruit carnitas that's crazy
Tim is trying to make a little friend
over here
I don't think it's rude I think if
you're nice just go say hi okay
oh you're so good with duckies is he
sniffing Kermit marbles and peach all
right this looks amazing so
dang let's go into the park
how about you going to the park huh are
you excited
alright peach not even in yet
guys what the hell we even enter the
park a little follow me good girl hello
you look like shadow hey guys well I got
a squat got a squad fuck let's go
added these like obstacle course things
and I want to try to get Peach on it
bitch bitch me okay what bitch up up me
okay good girl oh come on oh you did it
huh no no good good
Wow proud of you let's do it again
beachy come come here good girl good
girl good girl
hichy oh good that's it
this my lady are you learning tricks are
you gonna become a show dog peaches
gotten a lot better at going out and
venturing off by herself at the dog park
meeting other dogs and socialize anyways
yeah she never used to Dutch she would
sit right next to me and she would go
with other dogs but never by herself so
we're seeing her grow right now and it's
kind of cool she's she's feeling a
little more comfortable around other
dogs about freakin time Beach for real
I'm proud of her that's really cool
piece you got a little another blonde
friend you just like prints up
differently level does marble see
blondie
oh the shenanigans are over and I'm okay
don't worry about me guys just had to
get blood work for something so I am
done with all that and that wasn't fun
but it's over and that's the important
part is now Friday we had like a brunch
lunch earlier but I'm getting hungry
again so we're going to figure out what
the next move is for food figure out the
next move for food that needs to be like
tattooed on me somewhere the skies
cleared up it's no longer cloudy but the
dogs went to the dog park and by the by
themselves we didn't go with them now
they they had a good time I feel like
they really needed to get out because
they were kind of Restless this morning
but I'm gonna get this vlog up so you
can have a vlog finish off the week
let's find a dog to help close the vlog
dog vlog where are you oh I found one I
found one
someone you wanna help me close the buck
you want to help me always a poor game
ain't n marble like rolls over like this
we call him hamburguesa
cuz he's being such a ham hamburguesa my
will what do you have to say the vlog
damn anything Oh three I asked for one
dog and I get three what a deal
what a deal what a bargain have a great
weekend guys I'm gonna be buried in dogs
now okay bye
set out
