you
now be closer to love it go right like
little mold good morning guys
I am Lake with a little data and get
ready for the day
I just finished some laundry and had
some cold brew and feeling all good and
happy thank you guys all for praying for
my toe it's on the mend
it's still purple but it's on the mend
it's like my shirt today I have an
exciting play date lined up for peachy
here
peachy you wanted me a new friend new
boyfriend yeah you have so many
boyfriends peachy you want another
boyfriend do you want to meet shut up
yeah so the plan is to head over to
Josh's house this afternoon and me meet
shadow and also peachy meet shadow
Josh's new little puppy so I'm very
excited for that we've been home for
just about a week now and waiting and
waiting and waiting and I finally get to
meet the new baby boy shadow so I'm very
excited about that but first I'm gonna
go get some training in and hopefully
not mangle my toe any worse than it is
right now sorry for that image sorry for
the holy yesterday's vlog of close-ups
of my toe it seems like a lot of you
guys are really offended by that sorry
about my body sorry
alright I really feel a date alright so
we're gonna leave in just a couple
minutes to Josh's house and we're gonna
finally meet shadow as you guys know
shadow was adorable and I'm
terribly excited to meet him and Jenna's
incredibly jealous right now but she's
got a shoot her video
hey javis I'm meeting shadow sensitive
moku it's fair this morning I was a
meddling in bed and everyone went down
when Jenna went down except for this
little guy mom would you stay and edit
with daddy he's being especially sweet
to me lately
and I'm loving it just switch the
laundry real quick before I go this is
one of my new awesome scramble keys by
the way and I normally hang dry them
over there but when I get a new key I
like to machine dry like twice or three
times just to get it um kind of worn in
a little bit and then once I've dried
them like three times I hang dry them
over here um obviously you can't see any
of my keys over here because they're all
the tailor but once I pick them up I'm
gonna have a nice rack of scramble G's
right there all right so I'm leaving in
just a sec but I wanted to bring a
hand-me-down piece of dog clothing for
shadow and Jenna sister-in-law gave this
to us for I think Kerman or peach but
she grew out of it and it doesn't fit
anyone and we have a bunch more we have
right in there so I figured I could take
one and give it to shadow
so hopefully this stitch out I've never
seen shadow in person so I don't know if
it's going to be big enough but
hopefully it is either way I'm bringing
it so someone's going to wear it
do you have a little pee in preparation
for meeting your friends yeah you ready
all right so I got a little gift bag for
shadow girl okay
hey hey what are you back there peach
one go to the front come on coop you
relax
Hey
yeah it's like a thousand degrees in the
car right now so she's kind of losing
it's okay they seized on yeah go here oh
my god you're being a lot all right
let's go meet Chad already my god so
much fun or maybe he'll just be one
maybe she'll friendzone him real quick
okay mr. shadow can Cavallo meet you
can we meet you oh okay back there
actually inseparable like they both want
to just play play play play play oh is
that a kiss charge me so happy I'm the
happiest man how could I not face
whatever changed your life he did man
I'm a daddy and he's the coolest little
dude oh hi
they were just wanted to be next to each
other you guys all their chat with his
speech come here come here
mr. shadow it's very nice to meet you
he's he's exactly the same temperament
as peach they just want to play and play
and play and as you guys know peach is
always trying to play with permit who
doesn't want to play so this is like the
ultimate friendship and I'm so happy you
guys tried to hug
do you love hi that's peaches older
boyfriend
speeches younger boys hey guys hey
excuse you you Oh easy with a long time
mmm
yeah oh thank you seriously though like
I have not met a dog with the same exact
time of speech look at this they just
want to play and no marking and then
mark there's no barking they're both
very passive and happy she's--oh that's
so handsome look good bro
Hey Hey look at you I'm cool you look
you guys are goals look at that he loves
you so much I love him too he's dared as
a girl he likes you it's another one of
your boyfriend's hey you can love her
from afar alright guys so I I ran out on
the streets tonight have some of the
vlog um so I'm just out here shooting
some stuff kind of hanging out taking it
in but have you guys enjoyed the board
today I will definitely be hanging out
with Josh and shout out impeach very
soon so look forward to more of that as
always thanks for watching see yourself
I never been closer closer closer who
closed now never been closer
closer closer closer feet above
closer closer closer blows over never
been closer closer closer
