I literally just uploaded the vlog for
tomorrow and then I looked down my toe
is completely bruised fuck I came home
this morning from jujitsu and I said to
Jenna she was like how she just I was
like oh it's good but I think my toe is
broken like I just like casually said
like I think my toe is broken because it
hurt because you know in your Jitsu your
toes hit the mats a lot and today
especially I just kind of hit the same
toes a bunch of times like digging into
the mat yeah I was like yeah it's
probably broken whatever I wasn't
serious I just thought I you know
bruised it and I think I bruised it but
it like it legit looks and feels broken
right now like I can't really I can move
it that much but I can't like Bend that
one there also starts to hurt so I mean
I'm fine I'm totally fine like and she's
like I look down and my fucking Telus
Barbossa pray for my toe pray for it
I'll keep you updated though tomorrow it
should give me a good idea of if it's
better or worse it's just after noon
right now and I got back from training
and training went well I felt fine
Jenna's making some lunch or breakfast
breakfast for lunch but I wanted to show
you an update on my toe so the toe is
feeling fine like I said it barely heard
a train but I'm pretty certain it's
broken
pretty nasty yeah so I think I broke my
toe
and it looks a lot worse than it is like
it's barely painful I mean it hurts if I
touch it or if I you know bend it or put
like weight on that specific toe but I
can walk around I can even run and
training was good so I'm pretty happy
that the injury I have is a super
functional trainable injury because if
it was something bad I'd be really upset
anyway we're gonna eat some breakfast
lunch right now gonna be delicious cuz I
just saw it and I'll let you see it too
Wow here it comes
oh my goodness all right thank you open
about chili toast oh that's why it's so
bright I'm relish that I didn't even
realize I'm gonna dig into this chili
toast and then we have a bunch of
errands to get done today it'd be a nice
little errand day getting some shit done
won't get ah oh that's so much better
thank you
Petey you on some chilly toast it's not
for you alright so I have two guys in
here and two E's in here so I got an
awesome new shipment from scramble my
jujitsu family scrambled the best brand
in all jujitsu sent me a package just
today with some noogies and some
t-shirts but I want to get the noogies
patched up with my gyms patch and so I'm
going to go to the tailor to get those
done so we're gonna hit the tailor I'm
going to drop off the 4 G's I'm actually
going to try to get one done right away
so I can train with it tomorrow and then
we're gonna go to CVS got to grab a
couple things over there and if the wind
blows us somewhere else
on this trip then that's where we'll go
it is time to go so I will see you later
lady I will see you later
ha yeah I'm the hot thing yeah it's hot
we also started watching mr. robot and
that shit is so good it's such a good
show we are nearing the end of season
one and probably finished season one
tonight but you know watch mr. robot is
that shiz good show it's good show man
another fun interesting thing are
discovered yesterday is I try to leave
my cameras outside for a couple
time-lapses when it was maybe like 2
p.m. like midday and both of them shut
off from overheating so I didn't realize
that I couldn't do that out here but I
guess I haven't really tried leaving my
camera's outside in the dead of summer
sort of in the Sun probably not a smart
move but at least I know now somebody's
wearing some scramble when will a
phenomenal scramble
well scramble leggings Jenna stole the
scramble weddings I get it I let her
have those are sick fan why yeah let me
see this part before we can go to the
tailor we need the geese we need the
Geats need keys
miggy's need keys oh my god these guys
are so heavy there's so many too many
jeez Thank You sky and Belle hate this
why does this happen
thank you
thank you bye bud so do I know you I
have a lot of ggys watches we just left
the tailor and Christine the tailor said
to Jenna your beautifully yeah oh yeah
thank you for being this beautiful lady
in here like cupcake seriously she likes
you
my tailor is very sweet so he just
dropped off the clothes and now we're
right another her at CVS with my
beautiful lady
there he is you Barkin dam in a little
bar key day you have it a loud noisy day
bud
he was just parking but I'm pretty sure
it was just him calling me to come out
here and hang out with him is that what
it was
you just want me to hang out
a good-looking guy he's so hard on our
because he's been sitting in the sunset
his fur is just like blazing is you for
a blazing jealous jealous you guys are
going down oh you have a good yeah dogs
are eating dinner and uh honestly Jenna
I aren't really that hungry right now
because we made some homemade popcorn
earlier well the sky looks really cool
no more fires
we just finished season one of robot
we've been having like a low-key day
like a low-key day aside from our trip
of errands earlier it's been basically
hanging around the house and doing stuff
here here's a little peek of the
remnants of our popcorn we found like
this really good recipe for like a
flavoring to make homemade popcorn and
damn that shit is lit so honestly
watching mr. robot is pretty trippy and
for any of you have seen it you probably
know what I'm talking about just the
whole world like in this show where were
you exposed to like the inner workings
of the internet but specifically the
side of the internet that you don't
really care to think about on a daily
basis you know obviously everyone is
aware of companies that spy on you and
you know you know fuck with your privacy
and things like that but the thought of
like hackers really doing damage to
people innocent people to companies to
just society is a crazy thought and it
like when you watch that show it just
makes you really think about it and
that's partially why I really like the
show is because it's not like you get
lost in this world that's like
completely separate from you it's like
there's a lot of parallels that you feel
like oh shit like this this is crazy and
a lot of it is fiction but a lot of it
feels like it could be not too
far-fetched so I'm enjoying watching
that show there's this thing that they
do in that show which I really
appreciate it's a good interesting style
of shot where a character will almost
every single time there's only one
character in a shot for almost every
single time they're at the bottom corner
of the screen on one side or the other
and what's interesting about it is
normally in movies and TV you'll see the
character say they're in the bottom
left-hand corner right here right
they'll be looking towards the empty
space in the frame so it looks like
they're looking across the open frame
in this show there at this corner but
they're looking directly outside of the
frame so there's like a giant shot and
then in the corner there's them and
they're looking out that way it's kind
of really like dope and I love it and I
want to start like using it in any
creative thing I shoot because something
about like all that wasted space in a
shot is is like so interesting to me
it's like you're watching you're like
well it's not supposed to be like
they're supposed to be looking the other
way what's what's the gig here and
that's one of the really like tiny
stylistic choices that I've noticed they
make in mr. robot and I really really
like it anyway we are gonna kick it for
a little longer probably make some
dinner because that is what's important
let's be honest with ourselves
