what's going on we are doing some
furniture shopping today it's some
exciting really exciting stuff we're
looking into getting a new couch cuz our
couch is just so not functional anymore
it's like it's like couch island like it
splits and drifts apart yeah because
there's a middle part that just gets
separated so we're looking into getting
a new couch and so we came to a la moda
which I always thought was an ice-cream
thing but whatever absolutely you could
take a picture of you that's I was a lot
of film in there but we found a really
cool couch and it was like expandable so
you're sitting on it and then you can
move the back of the couch for the rack
and it was pretty dope so so far the
only couch we looked at is the front
runner and I guess we're gonna see this
is kind of exactly what we're looking
for
it's just pretty good so we're gonna see
if there's any other stores around here
we might hit Italy mm
that's what this place is called it's
called in Italy mm got to pay the meter
all right more furniture all right so we
went to another furniture store we found
like a couch we really liked but it's
the same kind it's similar and they
offered us way more options and the only
thing is it would take like months to
get delivered so we yeah we want it like
now just like everything no delayed
gratification ever it's you know it was
nice but it might have been a little too
nice so either way we're going on Foods
right now to grab some coffee and maybe
a snack and then we're going to continue
on the furniture hunt out here on this
furniture Sunday
really never come the whole foods
anymore but they have amazing things
it's just as you can see kind of a shit
fight in here but you got a little snack
and some cold pressed coffee
nice so we're doing a quick little pit
stop
well you nice snack in the cabinet
there's a couple more furniture spots in
your buy that will probably hit up
before we're done looking for the day I
don't know like I wanted that couch at
the last place so bad but I keep it
three or four months man it's just so
long so hopefully we find something else
or might even check Craigslist for
around here and but snack first before
anything food
all right we're at another place but we
feel like we've been kind of spoiled so
we saw that amazing couch that expands
and it's so nice and roomy but we're
still looking there's a lot of couches
here and another thing is all of those
fronts were places we were at before
they were like no pictures to really
watching me no pictures so sorry about
that
sorry they hated you let's stretch those
was really not play games for Oh dinner
I'm making dinner I'm going to show you
what we're making and how to make it
it is Buffalo taquitos buffalo chickpea
taquitos with cheese sauce for accurate
in cumin right credit goes to a blog
called my youtube channel
I own this recipe it's my veggie
inspired is the website is veggie
inspired journey calm but I found it on
Pinterest veggie inspired journey calm
what you're gonna need here is corn
tortillas artichoke hearts onion
butternut squash chickpeas soaked a
bunch of cashews Frank's redhot of
course some dill we'll get to the rest
of it I'm not going to go exactly
through every degree I'm going to post a
link in the description if you want to
follow the recipe exactly and then the
rest you can just kind of like watch us
do it so we're gonna use vegetable stock
instead of water just for fun just to
see what happens
super harassing me this it does walk hot
ah you're sweet or red onions we prefer
red onions and a butternut squash we're
gonna boil it in the stop it can be a
sweet on you but we prefer red onion and
everything alright so the point of this
is to make a butternut max sauce which
is basically like a cheesy sauce so
we're gonna try to soften the onion and
the butternut squash off in the stock
for about 10 to 15 minutes until it's
nice and tender Dijon mustard powder
black pepper smoked paprika turmeric and
nutmeg all those things go in here
and meanwhile I'm taking two cans of
chickpeas and I'm gonna mash them up I
apologize if this recipe seems a little
jumbled if you're actually cooking along
just make sure you go to the link of the
recipe so you're not completely clueless
but I'm just going to show you how we do
it with my tornado style of doing it I
guess chickpeas are all mashed now and
these are softening up and remove the
tortillas and the cashews are still
soaking you're chopping up guys no cuts
here the other Frank's Red Hot and
chicken it's going
contender we will make the OtterBox nice
and fine because it will go in the
filling up tequila so we don't want you
giant pieces yes I was wearing a hat all
day okay this is for you guys in the
block ready I got so many that's the
wrong way all right now I need a quarter
cup of those cashews this is a quarter
cup yeah yeah are you impressed by my
craftiness oh yeah who needs a strainer
dollar who needs a strainer even then
you move your massive amounts of pizza
boxes
all right so we're just finishing off
seasoning this mac butternut mac sauce
and we're putting some salt and yeast in
it a lot of you guys constantly ask me
what this yeast is it's basically
nutritional yeast this is what it looks
like and it has a very cheesy nutty
flavor that really helps like add some
good taste to like anything you're
making and it's gluten free and vegan so
that's why we use it so don't mind if I
do
keep going so this is the cheese sauce
it's pretty incredible literally even if
you just want some plant-based cheese
sauce
this is what you need you like boil some
butternut squash and onion put the onion
in here a little bit of stock potatoes
carrots you can do it with all sorts
about some soaked cashews and yeast and
salt and it's like done and it tastes
like cheese it's pretty incredible so
that's what we're going to work with
that's going to go on top of the
taquitos and it's going to the dipping
sauce and it goes in the filling and now
we're making a dill dipping sauce as
well but this is what the filling looks
like it looks like kind of like a
buffalo chicken so we added some of the
cheese sauce about a cup into the
mixture we're going to mix this up and
fill the taquitos
come into our restaurant my good
will improve your mood so the taquitos
are all set as you can see they're ready
to go in the oven we're going to cook
them and then drizzle them to finish
all right so while these taquitos are
cooking for 15 or 20 minutes Jenna is
finishing the ranch sauce which is like
the second dipping sauce so if you're
going to make the dill ranch sauce you
basically need 3/4 cup of cashews almond
milk lemon apple cider vinegar clove of
garlic 1/2 a teaspoon of onion powder
teaspoon of dill snipped chives 1/2 a
teaspoon of dried oregano half a
teaspoon of salt teaspoon of cumin and
smoked paprika once we finish that we're
gonna want to get eating but we've had
this recipe once before any snapchatted
it a lot of you guys really wanted to
know how to make it kind of a beautiful
evening out
but I'm ready to eat this food and one
of the things I miss most about eating
me was like buffalo chicken and the
chickpea buffalo mixture that we've
created is like such a good alternative
it tastes so good and it has the same
flavor almost even the same texture when
you crush up the cheese so these are a
really solid choice
it gave us a five-star rating all right
well they are finished all right there
we go
fuck yeah they came out amazing so we're
gonna eat them now but highly recommend
this recipe really well
all right next day different hat we just
brought the couch we went back to the
store to look at it again decided that
it was the only couch that we really
really loved and we ordered it so we got
a couch when it gets here in like three
months
so that's not awesome but the couch is
awesome babe how awesome is the couch
I'm just so sick of this floating niba
shitty mmm coughs that we have now I'm
so excited right now anyway the whole
search was not for nothing we got a
couch we went out today and did it just
wanted to close the vlog with that news
because it's exciting and in a couple
months when it comes you guys will see
it and we will spend a lot of time on it
as we do our couch now thanks for
watching the vlog couch vlog bye
