hey guys are you back home are we back
home yeah we're back yeah we're back
home
guys you have you were back home model
are you wearing your London shirt look
at that that's so cute I am back to
having my human slaves work for me every
day hi peach hi Pete
we are back home it is uh the day after
our trip and we are just working we got
back in the middle of the week so we
like don't have any time to just like
kick it chill sleep relax we're kind of
back right into the swing of things and
uh the best part of everything right now
is just coming home to the dogs like we
came home to them last night and it has
been so nice here it's a little shirt
right here on guard duty so cute Camilla
from YouTube London got that for us and
they gave a whole gift basket for the
dogs and for us and London was great we
were just so exhausted right now um so
you just haven't even unpacked but um
yeah I just I want to get on here and
make some sort of a blog for you to have
today because you know normally when
trips are over we get back on Sunday or
Monday even sometimes and I have like a
whole day to like prep before I start
blogging by the weekend this has been
kind of a continuation of the you know
the work I did in London so sorry if
we're all getting super exciting well
you guys do tell me a lot that you like
the boring blogs so I'm not that sorry
well did you miss us did you I think he
missed us yeah Debbie's here Debbie
Machine right over there the Debbie
machine watched the dogs at this time
which was the first time we've done this
you know with all three dogs we
basically got Debbie to come here and
she stayed with them for the whole week
and it was the first time I've ever
leaving them that the dogs were like 100
percent relaxed when we got home like
they were excited to see us but they
weren't frantic they weren't like losing
their freakin minds they were just
really happy to see us which makes me
like
so freakin happy that they had a
relaxing time while we were gone they
weren't just stress the whole time so
Debbie machine for the wind for real
like I can't thank her enough for coming
and doing that I was very nice and a lot
of quality time with them peach you love
the Debbie Machine home
peachie are you getting a little leaner
yeah you going for runs every day now
okay so as you know I'm sure there's a
new dog in town and I think peach needs
to be best friends with him
his name is uh shadow and I'm pretty
sure peach and shadow will be OTP for
life once they meet so Josh and I need
to arrange that doggie playdate very
soon maybe even like tomorrow this
weekend depending on what we got going
on it's kind of a priority all right
something cool that happened while I was
gone is I got this in the mail I got a
little garden gnome from Mike's so thank
you Mike's turn turn turn turn turn turn
turn back time mm hi machine I was just
bragging about how happy you made the
dogs all we were gone let's be the
Korean mom they love you they love you
so much Travis we got into bed with the
dogs last night and they were like but
where's grandma this is cool we missed
your knob where's grandma it's hot as
fuck and the sky is completely plain so
I already miss those beautiful UK clouds
that's really cool and then they sent me
a giant Adirondack chair and I have to
build it thank you Mike's for sending
these gifts I'm gonna
to build this chair now I want to sit in
it it's kind of cool my Beach you want
this well for you also I've been working
on ending a project today that I'm
excited to show you guys the reason I'm
very excited to show it to you
eventually is because it's going to be
my vlog submission for buffer fest going
to London I thought to myself like I
really want to shoot like a location
style video that I do at a lot of
different places but I want to make it a
little different I want to turn it into
like a hybrid between that and a vlog so
what I'm doing is I'm taking my favorite
blog clips from London
I'm taking my favorite visual clips from
London and I'm making them one giant
super video and I'm going to submit it
to buffer vests
I asked you guys in the last vlog or
something what awesome UK producers you
guys like arm and a lot of you give me
great suggestions and I'm so happy you
did a for this video but also for future
because you sent me so much good music
so I'm using it
UK producer for the project I'm working
on now and it's really dope bye I love
the feel of it it was exactly what I was
looking for what do you think of it
Beach you don't even care that sounds
really boring she's just happy we're
back it's really cute alright so I want
to show you this backpack we got on the
last day of our trip when we were we
have like a couple hours to roam around
London and we want to do some very
last-minute shopping and grab food and
stuff before the airport we needed a bag
for kind of gifts you guys got us an a
bunch of other stuff we bought so we
have like our shopping bags and then we
found this bag and this is a bag we like
it's so cool because it's it's a duffle
bag right you see that but then it's
also like a backpack that you put on
your back and so every shop we went in
after we bought this bag they were like
oh would you like a bag for your items
were like oh now we got a backpack you
would like show off the duffle backpack
to every single store so many people
were like laughing they're like okay
cool great backpack like weirdos you
this is it and it's like actually where
did it go
general where's our bag
so last night when we got in her driver
was picking us up right we meet him
coming out of baggage claim and he's
waiting there and we're like hey and
he's like hey you guys got a lot of
stuff and I park really far so I'm gonna
come pick you up
we're like okay so as we walk outside
he's like you see that median right
there that's where I'll meet you and
then he runs to his car I'm really wait
a minute like oh is it immediate like in
the middle of LAX like where there's
you're not supposed to stop at all like
only the buses stop there and so we're
sitting there like oh shit like what the
fuck's going to happen and sure enough
he tries to pick us up there it's
absolute chaos like I'm trying to bring
the bags literally off the curb because
there's no ramp so I'm trying to push it
directly off the curb and it falls over
and all the bags fall out onto the
street and we're like trying to get him
in and meanwhile he fucking gets a
ticket like he got a ticket while
picking us up
it was the most insane thing ever we
just wanted to get home and it was like
the most stressful like I don't know
pickup I think I've ever been involved
in but that was like our last bit of
this trip and so once we got home we're
like holy shit we're back it is safe but
I've never had a driver get a ticket
while driving me so that was the first
and it wasn't fun I don't recommend it
Tennant and I don't recommend
so I've hit a wall for some reason with
this chair there are some screws that go
right in there and I don't seem to have
the right size nut for the screws that
finish the bottom so we make a impromptu
trip to the store
all right the trip will have to wait
till tomorrow oh there's a wasp what
that was truly incredible I was like
hiding scared aren't you scared when
you've lived in Florida and you see
spiders with a body this big
that doesn't say nothing serious yeah
all right so the trip to the store is
gonna have to wait because we have more
stuff to take tivity Airport later and
I'm gonna close of all curry now get it
up for you so you have some time to
watch it today thanks for watching
thanks for hanging out see you guys
