good morning is a new day it's our last
like work day in London one of the
YouTube space judges doing a QA and a
meet-up and we've been to the YouTube
space earlier this trip we went for a
short party but we're going again and
after this day we have tomorrow to make
a video for Jenna and then Wednesday we
fly home so right now I'm walking and
grab some lunch because jenna is getting
ready and we need to eat before we go we
went to this place called walk to walk
which is like an Asian fast-food place
really good rice and noodles I found a
gluten-free Bakery so I cannot not stop
there
so we actually seen that gluten-free
Bakery yesterday when we were up in this
part of town I don't think this is so
this is near Soho but it was closed
since we were out late or whatever and I
just went in and everything is gluten
free they have bread desserts and
sandwiches it's like I don't even know
if a place like that exists back home so
that was really fucking cool and I got
two baguettes sticking out of my bag
like I was never able to have a baguette
in a bag like this it's really really
cool
I got more food than I needed but anyway
we're going to go eat some food and then
go to the YouTube space get this thing
gone
Emily's Julia nice all right so the QA
was in their home
good that's how big banjos like dad
uh-huh it was really fun though it's
relaxing like do you guys live here you
do it just for fun no cleaner your house
is so filthy
at least I'll keep it real I can only
keep it real
oh I don't or move out and I wear pajama
bottoms or sometimes just my knickers
vacation vacation holiday I Jen's
meeting is over
that's again it was really awesome I
think her and Louise were like totally
vibing to the release is one of the
funniest people I've ever met she was
brilliant on the Q&A so that was really
really fun I think Jenna like genuinely
enjoyed hanging out like really good
questions they like vibe of each other's
Louise is hilarious I can't say enough
good things now Jenna's I'm taking a
beat in the bathroom and then gonna go
me fifty people
Oh Annie
and her wonderful with Sarah Megan I
believe I took this yeah this is one of
your snaps actually I love this song by
the way this is such a great song Rome
is this your playlist this is terrible
mean agree it's almost over we just have
a couple more people laughing all right
we're done the last person may agree and
I wanted to borrow her because she's
really sweet came to summer in the city
over the weekend and she was last her
name is Hannah
well you marinate I obviously can't
fogged every single person who says hi
to me but I feel like Hannah's a good
representative because she's so sweet
and she gave us her special rocket so it
gave her good luck and you gave us your
special rock so thank you so good today
thank you for coming so sweet
all right so the meet and greet is over
a lot of you said hi to me and I felt
really included so thank you I just want
to walk around the space they're really
good because this YouTube space is
bitching like these are like chairs that
look like you're on a train or a plane
or something you're taking on a little
tour right now there's the front there's
like a cafeteria over there this is the
front desk this is an amazing giant
YouTube screen more oh yeah we're
getting your car going back home and
getting some dinner but a wonderful time
meeting some people here in London and I
think there's some still outside but
these are really cool I like these a lot
kidding win
yeah
all right we're going back to the hotel
to drop off some of the gifts and I'm
gonna go get pizza basilica's or
something and they got Christmastime
pizza ha morning at Pizza Pizza okay
we're at the hotel and we found this
channel Jenna found it it's called Ozzie
man reviews and it's any of the animal
ones are good it's really funny because
it's like what Rome says it's a man nap
tourists in Hawaii lazing about the
resort waiting for fucking cocktail does
it take the elephants long to say oh
yeah now give us some of that good shit
you little bigot
she's like I'm over here listen
meanwhile this Sheila has seen someone
she likes and she gives them agape love
burns hotter than a thousand suns their
friends collapse from loneliness later
oh my god this is incredible this is
just what we need right now this guy's
funny and there's an absolute need for
me to be watching an Aussie man review
everything everything
these big GT encodes the cat a fuck it's
fucking hilarious thank you Ozzie man
reviews how did we just find this out
the pizza just arrived we changed our
mind and wanted to order pizza from the
same place but to our hotel because we
got comfortable and portering is a thing
so here's so you can mad delicious oh
yeah
so Rome's gonna come in the room and eat
with us he'd be tight tight you said
pizza serious he said tight we were at
the pub the other night and it was like
packed and ron was holding a beer and
some guy bumped her on accident and it
spilled and she like Oh sick and she
goes I think like the funny is like
initial response is so quickly sarcastic
hurry up
we found the most amazing YouTube
channel for Reese wait Ralph's about oh
where knows none sure sure
some people will say oh he was losing
but those people are DK strategy alright
it is now our last day in London last
night and today we kind of laid low
we shot Jenna's video and we're going
out for dinner or last night in London
so we're down what is this area called
again
we're so yeah actually we're walking
around by lazy off again we're gonna
Mildred's for dinner
destination fucked because we went there
for lunch and we know that they have
grand foods excited but I'm also sad
that we're leaving because I really
really enjoyed London there is
there's lazy Oh
we're grabbing from a sweater at the
hotel she didn't prepare adequately for
the night dinner was good and I were to
go out to a bar called the farmyard and
it's Roby oh yeah I mean it's already
almost midnight
it's like 10:00 or
have a drink or two and go out after
nice ending te aute Rick learn it was
great money was really great
nothing you great girl hey girl
it's weaker neck my friends coming down
can i let's the bestest here we're all
right here
yeah I know
he said go I was like I just want to
scare my friend really quick I just
wanted I want to stand behind the desk
and pretend that work here and say how
can I help you in love and he was like
oh no you can't do that there's gonna be
one more good prank room all right so
the barnyard was closed it's fun when
you look online and it says midnight and
they close at 9:30 that's fun
it looks like a lot of these bars are
closing so we're moving from Fitz row
via a sort of towards so now to find a
place to just grab a drink because it is
you know we're all the week so open it
up
laughs lemon drink well before we hit
the airport tomorrow yeah by the way so
you
