six days and beautiful you get good
morning from London we are up with so
much energy
Senna's awake we're feeling a lot better
we feel alive yesterday we weren't
really conscious we were just so
jet-lagged but we got to see a little of
the city yesterday as we got in and sort
of an early night we've got good sleep
not great sleep but I woke up we hit the
gym
we had some breakfast and we are going
to go out on the street and explore
around London for a little bit today
because today is our first off day
tomorrow
Jenna needs to be at something and we'll
be doing that tomorrow but today we have
off it's so fucking beautiful outside
not as many clauses I like but tomorrow
there will be clouds so I'm chilling
we're gonna go do some shopping probably
and Rome will take us around Rome used
to live in London on if I told you guys
I am excited to be a human again and
really experience some fun London time
we want to get you London alright so I'm
just walking around for a little bit
Jenna so getting ready so I wanted to
explore just like close by not too far I
want to put the drone up I'm nervous I
want to find a spot that like will be
like low risk for anything to happen so
I'm just kind of seeing where that might
be I think we brought some good weather
with us because it's beautiful
all right I'm in Rome we just had coffee
and now we're we're gonna like look for
a nice spot they put the drone up
because she's never seen the drunk and
she's giddy about it so we're gonna go
put that up for a little bit and then go
back to the hotel I want to drop my bag
off because it's kind of hot I don't
need everything in here boom oh my god
that smells like trash Rome what cologne
is that trash there was a comment on my
blog today that said I can't wait for
the day that Rome pranks Julian back so
bad that Jenna has to find a new manager
that would be he's gonna happen my C
value pranking me back more than keeping
yeah yeah
I think a pretty cool you mean the
adidas right so we're doing some
shopping right now and right
dicks out for Karamat so for shopping
and there's this store that I wanted to
go to since we're in London called lazy
oh and it's like a brand I think one of
their only store locations but amazing
Williams from Game of Thrones posted
about them on Instagram and ever since
she posted about them I've been like
obsessed with their brand or style of
clothing school and we're like less than
a mile away
we're less than a half mile they were
taking too long so I'm going to lazy
without them they're gonna meet me there
though that's kind of a good thing about
Rome I mean there's a lot of good things
about run but one of them is that I can
leave them two together and then go
somewhere else so since it's like point
two miles away
is there look at this stuff
so we got to go too lazy off I got a
couple of shirts and uh three shirts
actually what oh oh my god that pub is
called Jon Snow
so I got sighs I got lazy Oh found a
spot that we're gonna go ahead up for
lunch
apparently they have proper vegan food
like burgers and stuff
she also said to keep saying proper
because that's proper its proper proper
to say proper we are hungry we have
shopped a lot
I'm like so satisfied that I found this
store I never ever thought I would be
able to go to London a and B find out so
it though really cool talk to be
concluding frame looks good
all right quick little haul of what we
got today I got some some good stuff got
shirt I got some stuff from lazy Oh
through that so cool and then got some
boost I got some socks too but um we're
back at the hotel for shopping it was a
good solid day shopping now we're going
to go do some cardio and then I think
gonna go to dinner reckon we're having a
mini fashion show as we check out our
stuff
this is fun cool I've been on a swing at
all like I don't know 10 years I am a
bird grabbing a proper song vinegar
chips because we got
rooms of Christ
I'll give it this is a good call because
this is like actual song vinegar chips
my fries but actual chips
yes trash thank you
where you see another girl from Tommy
British you actually we've seen TPP
towing
Lucy and Tom kids
seen them tonight so
- jealous drinking
martini are these olives olives glowing
we literally read about olives
it tastes like butter so it's Sunday
night we're still in London we're going
out to a bar called shift shifting was
what's the bar called um got eggs in the
bathroom it's called it's called
something I forget the name it's got
eggs in the bathroom
Oh what's the Farkle sketch not a shift
through a bar called sketch in London
yeah Rachel leaves at like 3:30 in the
morning to go back to Germany and we're
gonna miss you but we're gonna have fun
tonight already so goes on but we're
going to this part this part I'm really
excited supposedly it looks really cool
I guess we'll see it from Zion and
bullshit giant bottle of sparkling water
hi why are you breathing here's one on
the right this guy after the bus
caps your crazy efficient like the way
it's just begging for people for five
people technically could fit in the back
of this meeting but I bet it's crazy
what she doing
this is trippy
her eyes are shut
all right I have a feeling this bar is
going to be like a lot of fun this is
not a bar this is the restaurant oh wait
let's go up here we're going up here
oh this is the mentality is that the
weapon side this is the bathroom
this is the men's side that's the women
get out get out of the men's bathroom
backroom what's this for
weird okay this is an egg and I'm going
to the bathroom okay so this is the
bathroom an egg this is the way he's fat
this is this is worth coming in this bar
just this bathroom we got no idea where
I am right now
what I said she's cleaning right now but
I legitimately think she might be
responsible for that backward what is
that back room
what is that room that guy just walked
in that
that's the girl room my girl and I were
thinking does that woman who's cleaning
dishes serviced the bathroom fuck enough
right so there's like three bars within
the bar we're gonna have a drink at each
bar part of me
where do you live
Wesley we move a chance to LA I don't
know it's crazy we was like two years
ago
what we got here soon our universe just
met someone at this bar in London we
used to live a block away from our old
house
the rest
every little thing we did to make it
really nicely done he took a lot
that sometimes
boy is sick
take hundreds and
to be
just hardly cash
well there we go lit lit lit lit cuz
it's the morning we had a really fun
time last night turns out that was just
the bathroom last night look very
suspicious I didn't think it was a
bathroom but it was we proceeded to have
like a longer night I just put the
camera wait but I'm just gonna be
another London I think isn't another
london vlog and then maybe a separate
london video with no vlogging just
london video and you guys have any UK
music producers that you like or UK
based you like soundcloud artists or
anything that give up you know look up
london but I'd like to put like
something like that as the song for the
video that I want to make with
everything I've shot here are you think
oh no dignity Jenny's just lost in
hearthstone she doesn't want to admit it
though thanks for watching I'll see you
guys later
