we're on the plane and we're going on
how its set up right now this is me and
Jenna
it's
I'm very gun that's better
she's breaking it
yeah like I did you think you broke it
already only had to be shaken up
I asked for a new seat because both
I can't wait to read this
this
we'll see you soon
he does a lot of day training imagining
herself as the extrovert that she is not
those over and over little events in her
life reliving their successes and stop
going through her failures all over
again
we just made it here this cold brewed
coffee and it came with a frosted glass
is absolutely delicious
exactly what I need right now no it's
not even hotter it's like it's cold out
all right grab some caffeine and I'm
feeling better but we found this place
called the vegan hippo the run of the
vegan hippo for lunch because it's
called the vegan hippo from you're
holding up traffic here God but look
what we found right on the way to lunch
is more lunch we found it you pull a
sari here
all right so burrows has told us that
the post is this specific to London the
flower thing the flowers that are
outside of pubs are very important and
if you have a nice set of flowers
outside of your club that's that's a
highly respected club and there's
actually contests for like flowers at
the pub's there's contests specifically
for the flowers which is really cool so
now that I know that I'm like seeing
flowers everywhere I'm like oh that's a
poem but I had no idea that was even a
thing before
we'd imitate it
yeah I'll go vegan oh yeah and then
proteins
was it everything oh I salami sandwich
there's just behind you
next yeah
vegan egg sandwich vegan grilled cheese
and what is that salami ham and Sheba
ham and cheese hero ham who sees vegan
hippos doe and they brought his cake
with wow they were so nice sauce and the
food was so good we definitely have to
go back that was so bad here they're
like can we take a picture of you eating
if you come back alright that's what
you're into
nice flowers right here this means it's
a good pub so as I discover more more
and more of this city I'm going to be
we're walking around it and talking
about it to you and I know a lot of you
guys who watch me live here so if I'm
being wrong about something like really
wrong I apologize in advance but I'm
just really excited I like all these old
buildings and the sky I mean it's just
like this whole city
don't sore at the venue right now doing
a walkthrough of what we're gonna do
tomorrow and I am so exhausted like we
are so freakin out of it we're trying to
stay away can power through this first
day but that's we're gonna beat a lot of
people here so we're just checking it
out right now and then then we'll be
heading back to the hotel and probably
find dinner soon and maybe see nobody
feel tonight but the goal is to just not
fall asleep until it's like nighttime so
that's that's been occupying house for
now
this venue is huge but the hallway is so
trippy it goes down so far and it looks
like it looks fake or maybe I'm just
like really delusional because I'm so
tired it's probably both
so we're back of the room today was I
don't even know I was so tired and
blacked out the whole day I don't even
remember what happened but we're in
London and we were gonna try to get some
sleep
I didn't sleep on the plane but you know
we caffeinated we rallied for a little
bit today and we got to explore just a
little bit but yeah I feel like today is
the hump that we need to get over to to
adjust now we can be here for the rest
of our trip in London so that's the end
of today and therefore the end of
today's vlog but I cannot wait to wake
up in the morning full of energy and go
out and explore and just driving around
to destinations today just looking out
the window I have so many different
spots that I like really want to go look
at tomorrow so hopefully I'll just be
able to do maybe like a tenth of that
because this whole place is beautiful
but we're gonna get some sleep
thank you for watching see you tomorrow
in London right we'll see you guys in
the morning and in the UK hey guys
