hey guys so today I'm going to be
answering your questions because I am on
a plane or just off the plane I'm not
really sure but I am in or in route to
London right now so I am shooting this
couple days ahead so I can have some
sort of content for you guys to watch
since you can't really upload on a plane
everyone knows how much of a pain that
is so here it is let me answer some of
your questions so you can get to know me
even more than you already know me like
more if you were a scented candle what
sense do you think you'd be it's a good
loaded question I feel like my scent
would probably be chilly because I feel
like that's the most intense scent and I
am an intense person and also I feel
like scent is just kind of a poor way to
depict me like noise I could I could do
noise like if you were asking me what
noise describes me I would just be like
screaming are you staying with a hair
color or are you going to experiment
with some other fun colors so I just
recently touched it up with more paint
yesterday so that's why it's extra
bright but my plan is once the roots go
all the way in
I want to dye it the same exact color
again because I really like it and then
I'll take it from there maybe switch it
up worst date you have ever been on
well I don't want to get too much into
old dates and old girlfriends because I
think that's a little inappropriate but
my prom night was pretty weird I think
I've said this before either on a
podcast or somewhere my date just like
didn't want to dance with me so I danced
with like all my friends and then I
didn't see my date after that like for
the rest of the night or in general and
I was happy about it what if you woke up
one morning and all the Iggy's were
kittens they basically are kittens all
ready to act like kittens they're just
they're testy or Kermit's testy with us
they do their couch potatoes and then
they have like spurts of energy where
they want to play but I would say the
most like kittens I've ever seen a dog
so if they woke up and they were kittens
I would just be like cool it's another
day what is your current best Pokemon I
have a couple best Pokemon I'll just
show you my top 9 I'm pretty proud of my
nine tails of my gold duck I love those
too my they poor Eon has been like my
number one for a while and even though
our canines higher I kind of treat they
pour out of my ace and then I have a
Scyther I also got a ride to really do a
podcast with h3h3 now that they are in
LA that would be so cool I've talked to
Ethan a little bit
him coming out here and we definitely
want to hang out with them Ethan's been
you know internet friends with us for a
while now so the fact that he's moving
out here is really excited because I've
been looking forward to hanging out with
them for a while would you ever come to
Scotland short answer yes long answer if
any of you ever want to know if I would
come somewhere or you want to invite me
somewhere you're welcome to like you
know if you're at a university or in
some sort of organization or club or
something and you want to have me come
out there you can just like invite me
you can email me and send me details and
we can figure that because I am almost
always gonna be down to travel somewhere
especially Scotland that would be really
cool if yellow is travelling at 25 miles
per hour and apples are one dollar and
25 cents a meter how long will it take
to get to the center of the earth using
only a spoon maybe how do you and Jenna
divide personal and business time good
question I think we are able to be done
with work when it's time to be done with
work it's very easy to just be on your
phone on the internet working all the
time because you know social media is
fun and I love it
but at the same time it is sort of
classified as work a lot of the time so
it's very easy to technically be like
working a lot I think through practice
we've kind of gotten this really good
balance of knowing when to just not be
working trial and error is how we do it
what else are you doing in London
somewhere in the city I think she's
going to the YouTube space and I think
we're just gonna like tourists around
for a couple days explore London explore
the city and see what's up
Rome actually used to live in London
after she like left Australia or
whatever I don't know we are really
looking forward to it I can't wait to
explore it really like number one place
that I wanted to go do you have any
details about buffer fest the details
are just that it's October 20th to the
23rd I believe and I'm submitting to the
daily vlog category and then also I
believe this short film category I
haven't decided yet definitely vlog
category I will be there the entire
weekend I'll be doing everything all the
red carpet all the press all the fun
stuff so if you are going make sure you
let me know so I can find you and say hi
I'm terribly excited to go to buffer
fest house mock still dead when's your
next tattoo
aren't you just itching to get another
one clouds are nice but how about some
tribal patterns on your face you know I
was thinking of going subtle again with
like another small
tattoo but tribal patterns on my face it
seemed to be the statement I need to
make so if you know anyone good doing
tribal face tattoos don't let me know
about them if you and Jenna have kids
what would you name them I don't know
I've always liked I think Jenna likes
this too but like when you name a girl
name that could also be a boy's name
like Alex or Blake or Dylan like things
like that but name a girl that I like
that I think that's cute yeah but I had
no idea dude would you ever do a vlog
with Kasey nice that I would love to see
that I would do a vlog with like nearly
anyone there's like only a few people I
won't pull out my camera and vlog once
I've gotten their permission what
personality traits do you appreciate the
most and other people I always love
hearing people answer that question I
think it's important to remember that
when you meet someone when you walk away
from that you're left with how that
person made you feel so if you hang
around people that make you feel good or
challenged in a good way that's that's a
good friend I feel like there's a lot of
times when you meet someone and then the
way that they make you feel when you're
talking to them is like not positive so
you're like oh that's a good judge of me
not wanting to like be around you again
I think that's always like a good
barometer for how you like a person how
they made you feel what's one of your
biggest fatal flaws that either you want
to work on or you've had a hard time
coming to terms with I do a really bad
job at keeping small problems small I do
this thing where when there are small
problems I like catastrophize them if
everything isn't going great I need to
really focus on that one problem because
we need to fix it right now or else
nothing's gonna work you know I mean
like I can't just let little issues be
problems a lot of times I kind of just I
do poorly at letting small things go but
I'm getting better at it I'm working on
it what career did you intend to pursue
when you left college what would be your
dream career I didn't intend to pursue
really anything I was just kind of
trying to finish college and I was
bartending the degree I got in school
was basically to work in news and TV
journalism and I realized about halfway
into my major that I didn't want to do
it but I you know obviously finished
rather degree and I kind of just wanted
to see where my choices led me what is
something that you miss about your life
before YouTube it's a good question
before I like learned the internet and I
started vlogging and knowing YouTube I
had a lot more in common
like everyone I bet like my old friends
or just anyone like me being in the
group of people that don't 100% know the
internet very well made me easy to get
along with I am so deeply immersed in
the internet and in internet culture and
in YouTube that sometimes want to meet
someone new it's like I don't even
really try to connect with them once I
realize that they don't understand the
internet cuz it's just hard to I don't
even really know if I answer that but
hopefully I did if there were youtuber
you had to switch places with for a week
who would it be and why
I would probably switch places with
Louie Cole cuz in that week I would
visit probably like ten new countries
and then after that week I'd be so tired
I'm like okay I want to switch back now
please I've lived the adventure now I'd
like to live boring again thank you guys
so much for your questions for all those
of you who went on my facebook and left
questions I appreciate it we will be
back to normal blogs after this I am now
in London so I'm going to be vlogging
the trip obviously the schedule might be
a little different than normal because
of the time difference I will see you
guys in the next one and if you're in
London please say hi cuz I am so excited
to be there later guys
