what are you doing you just follow me
around I'm just trying to get ready can
you put me there uh hello there
soon we will be going to our workout to
get the week started off nice and fit
although I don't really want to go I
need to find my inhaler you guys know
that I use an inhaler I have asthma
fucking blows but sometimes I forget to
take before I work out and it sucks so
you find it new bedroom tour guys this
is our brand-new master bedroom what
that's not for you it's not food
we moved no I'm joking but this is uh
this is our spare bedroom the one that
we sometimes use as a gym bed is still
up it's like an inflatable bed but this
is from one snake was here we still
haven't burned down the bed eventually
one of us is gonna have to do it so that
we can have this room back or we'll just
never do it a quick update on like the
LA situation where the fires we are safe
ever since my last video I've gotten a
lot of questions and concerns and
wonderful comments from you guys on
Twitter and Twitter and everywhere
asking how we're doing we are safe
basically 24 hours after I made that
video the winds started to pick up going
the opposite way of us which sucks but
it's good for us so the air quality got
a lot better real fast and we were kind
of out of the danger zone
so to speak so right now we're good and
the fires are still going but there are
a lot more contain than they were and
yeah I mean luckily we did not have to
evacuate thankful for that very thankful
for that okay we had a nice like chill
out weekend we played a lot of the new
desert map in the pub G test servers and
we're gonna be streaming tonight on
Twitch playing more of the desert map
also not pictured from this weekend was
our interview with Scott rodowsky we had
the host of HQ Scott Skype into our
podcast which if you haven't seen the
podcast is up I think it's worth
checking out it's like a 20 minute
interview but he's super cool and it was
like a really cool experience to chat
with him he's a
interesting guy and very funny well I
don't subscribe to the whole horse like
according to the Chinese zodiac I was
born in the year of the rat yeah hey but
if you look at the Hebrew calendar I was
born in the year of the coupon so I
don't know I pretty much kept the vlog
camera away from me this weekend which
has got me really excited to pick it up
today over there is our tree it's
looking nice and tree like it's funny
everywhere I go she just stands there
and looks up at me we've got a nice
little bird's-eye view and mr. Edwards
cage down there another thing I spent
time doing this week was packaging a
bunch of pin orders these are all of
winners from various different things
including twitch winners including
waffle winners including friends
including just kind of a whole bunch of
people that needed some pins and we also
went to the dog park and took the dogs
for a nice little fun outing to play
with their dog friends welcome to my box
tour this is my box there's three box
rooms and two box rooms one half box
it's brown and it's a box
okay bye thank you and leave
all right welcome back to my box tour
this is my new empty box there's nothing
in it
we're selling it it was a good box for a
while but at this point we already moved
out there's nothing in the box anymore
no reason to stay thank you and goodbye
Salman a vlog from NY would you turn
that off what's your religion is my
religion too but right now I gotta watch
something else
I made the dear someone highlight clip
again guys if you don't know dear
someone is a YouTube channel that
basically compiles the best highlights
of pub gee everyone playing it in edit
seven in a really professional awesome
way and I've made it like two weeks in a
row now
he has this plate from the other night
all right I'll play it I'll play for you
this right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah
sounds out 2d or someone here someone
he's actually a cool dude his name is
John he posts like these really cool
behind-the-scenes editing clips on his
patreon which I fucking love cuz that's
that's my shit penny man Jenna on a
scale of 1 to pop G how excited you
right now to go work out she's think I'm
not and that's it bitch here's what I do
at the workouts that make it go faster
when I'm running on the treadmill I
pretend I'm running around for loot and
it makes it feel like it goes by really
ya know you know what makes it go by
fast for me is trying to barter with our
tree why I shouldn't have to do no Julie
has a legitimate excuse like his like he
can't do overhead stuff because of his
shoulder and then I'll look at my
trailer and just be like yeah dude me
too
we have two trailers and both of them
are onto your bullshit both of them
we're like some days all have done
jujitsu early in the day and then so I
have a less hard workout than Jenna
she's like yeah yeah I was like so you
don't need a lot of cardio today you
already had to do to me yeah me too man
yeah I was talking to Julie
I guess when your workouts are too hard
just barter with your trainers just live
this Lane is your lane this Lane is my
lane stay in your own lane and shut the
fuck
we're two minutes late fucking right
today alright really quick I wanna show
you the highlight video just a clip
before we go in we're gonna go suffer
now you hang out in the box we're going
to whale foods we need food so we're
going to the whale of the foods my
favorite part of well foods is
leaving leaving is my favorite part of
muffins stop it you're not a 13 year old
boy if I wanted to deal with that shit I
don't have a teenager of my own
terrifying Wow look at this stuff and
scramble it says Jenna sorry about
sending mediums mate let me know oh yeah
look big scramble these are so great I
can't wait to wear them at jujitsu mind
your work how judges ooh it's just don't
worry I where I met jujitsu every day
it's a sweatshirt gee boy miss your size
in here I'm gonna take this fist and jam
the whole thing all bacon balls that's
gonna hurt so bad thank God
ha you think you're so funny huh huh you
think you're funny
eh get hate to go come here yeah the
leaders get him need to get him to a PE
you're sick you're like the dishwasher
this is a dirty you cut me oh my god now
I'm mad I think you should come to me
now come come on come on come on come on
good girl
yeah I know hey peach go tell mommy I
said something go tell her this
