that's not the sound of our stream last
time we played that and they'll be the
show against each other and we we
started this treatment like one and it
was incidentally like one of the
funniest streamers we've ever had today
I'm having cold brew coffee I let it sit
in the French press overnight in the
fridge and I pressed it this morning and
it is so good it's it's just like
yesterday except nice and cool and
refreshing Tom we went to bed madly
getting shit done I'm tired
we got a day full of stuff to do we have
a video to shoot for Jenna
Devin machine is coming not and then we
ideally have to start packing for London
you guys ever want to watch the streams
that we do that you can't make them live
there on YouTube on a channel called
Jenna Julianne games
I read Kermit's crying right now because
we haven't said good morning to him so
we should address that before anything
cheers to caffeination and cold brew
coffee I also might take peach for a run
he hasn't been taking her for runs
almost every single day to keep her in
shape
all right first trip of the day is I
have to go pick up some dog food because
the dogs need food and we are leaving
tomorrow so we need to load up the house
with more food and there's traffic
everywhere
I think I wanted to say I feel bad I
should have said hi
look kind of like a movie was being shot
back there which is kind of cool why am
I on three bars out of five of battery I
literally just started riding and there
should be full battery my board's been
doing this lately it's been fucking with
the battery three bars
that's fucking annoying alright I got
the food I'm going to take a different
way home
this main street has been really pissing
me off lately on the booster board
I'm really frustrated with the battery
and it's doing this look
that's now the fruit stand there's five
bars of battery on the boost board and
I've been keeping this in the closet
charge since yesterday
yesterday and for some reason I took her
off the charger and had three bars so
something's going wrong and the battery
had problems like a couple months back I
don't know if you remember I had to like
recalibrate it by like running the
wheels for a bunch of hours or no it did
good thing I didn't need to go super far
as I would be stranded with a whole
backpack of dog food
I've been doing this new thing every
time I'm on the booster board I turn on
Pokemon and put it in my pocket so I'm
logged in all those kilometres and right
now I just hatched a ghastly which I
think I can evolve but in order to
evolve I got to put on an egg mom saying
hey little mini Pokemon saunter that's
right oh yeah my desk is a mess
these are all of the modified watches I
have just kind of shit everywhere so
I've been thinking about whether or not
to bring the drone to London and I still
haven't really decided erring on the
side of know but at the same time I
really kind of want to the laws are
pretty similar to here I think the
biggest thing for me is like I'm nervous
to go to the airport and have someone
take it away from me like that security
and then just not know where my drone is
for a while so I'm thinking about it so
Debbie machine will be here in just a
few minutes and I think Jenna's video is
going to involve her mom we'll hopefully
get it done in a timely fashion and it's
1302 and I'm hungry I haven't eaten
anything all day it's just coffee I woke
up at 11:00 today which sounds late but
we went to bed at like 4:30 because we
were kind of up doing shit normally I
like a bit like 9:00 to go train I was
like nope I can't train today I need
every hour of the day to kind of just
prepare for the trip I'm gonna something
funny ever since I got this watch
that's been sitting there on its charger
not being used so that's how dope the
the modify watch is you won't even use
your Apple watch you won't even need it
so clean like modify makes it so nice
one thing I am excited to do is take my
new backpack on a trip but I feel like
it'll finally be a time when I can just
pack everything I want and have it be
convenient
listen toilet paper there you go you can
have that toy now you've destroyed that
other toy enough yeah it's a toy peach
get it wipe your butt with it 20 paper I
love you I had a dream last night that
we were in some weird dreamland and we
had to go on like a day trip so I was
grabbing my camera and I start running
and I'm like oh this is the wrong lens
this is from the dog bed last night
we should probably throw it out so I'm
waiting by the door because we post me
to Chipotle which I'm not that mad about
because we've been really good about
cooking and Chipotle's freaking solid
it's freaking solid I just went on my
Facebook and I got a bunch of questions
for you guys because later on today I'm
recording a questions video to go live
while we're in the air on the way to
London because I won't be able to upload
or shoot then so you'll have this vlog
tomorrow I'm at the airport and then
questions video tomorrow and then we'll
get to learn and I'll be able to
hopefully just vlog as normal yeah it's
always going to be here and then a
little after that the machine's going to
be here and then hell after that I'm
going to eat
that's your holy you like that you want
a different sound fingered face right
that was like that one Hey
Jenna's makin beats with her mom for her
video and I'm carrying peach because we
wanted to go for a walk around the house
she's uh she's nice and happy and I
think she's excited because she knows
she gets to see Debbie for a while which
makes me really happy that Debbie's
watching the dogs because they're going
to get real love when we're gone no not
just care but love I just shot my
questions video New York that bit and
ended it so that is all finished I'm
gonna jump in and out of her video to
help out and kind of goof around with
her while she makes beats then we're
going to figure out dinner but we're
getting picked up at I think noon
tomorrow so I have a lot of packing to
do I also have a lot of choices to make
as to what to bring my boosted board my
drone do I bring any do I bring all um
so figuring all that up still just kind
of plugging away today I go in there and
make some more epic sounds as you guys
just heard it's a it's like a fucking
nightclub in there it is so lit Dick's
up for Harambee all right so uh um I
don't know if you guys know of a vlogger
her name is Sarah deechi someone tweeted
at me a tweet from Sarah I don't even
remember what it was about but that's
how I know Sarah is and she's also a
vlogger and makes awesome stuff she
actually was just tweeting about because
she's going to be in London too for
summer in the city and she was tweeting
about whether she should bring her
boosted board cause she rides a booster
board and I think the consensus is now
that we both have to bring them so we
can go riding together in London on the
booster boards with my boosted board
giving me problems lately I'm like kind
of nervous but fuck it you know like
I'll I'll figure it out but in order to
do that I need to charge the controller
because I don't want to have to charge
it in London so hopefully I don't have
to ride on cobblestone and hopefully I
don't ride the wrong way on a street and
I I'll be pretty careful and I'm pretty
sure I'll be okay right peach well are
you okay
she's like dad you crazy and dumb oh my
god all right I'm just like counting
down the hours till
for the airport but I have like a
thousand things I feel like I'm doing
things and then nothing is getting
crossed off my list which is crazy
frustrating but I have to pack all my
camera stuff and then I have to pack on
my clothes stuff and then I wrote like a
whole list of stuff for Debbie to
reference when she takes care of the
dogs and we got to eat dinner so I'm
gonna close the blog but um I'll see you
guys in London UK clouds are coming at
you later guys
