Wow that's good good morning guys I am
sitting down and enjoying this nice cup
of coffee that I've made with my new
French press
I got myself a French press and a
grinder because in college I used to
have French press coffee all the time
I didn't grind the beans myself I didn't
have quality coffee or any you know
high-end equipment but I made French
press coffee almost every single day
weekdays weekends kind of everyday it
was a period in college when I was
really busy a lot just because I worked
all the time I've worked at school and
then I worked on the weekends at my job
at a bar radio station it was like it
was a time in my life that I like really
remember with just kind of being busy
with work when I didn't have to be and I
always kind of associated the French
press with I don't know being productive
or you know going out and getting it and
also of course it's delicious it makes
good coffee so I've started that up
again and this coffee is choice anyway
I'm just having a quick cup right now we
had not the best weekend in the entire
world Jenna got sick and she was sick
the entire weekend and she's still
actually recovering so it was not a fun
time we were taking care of her it was
crappy because she was sick and that
always sucks but it was extra crappy
because we are kind of slammed getting
ready for London with all the stuff we
have to do all the work we have to
prepare for for next week we are back at
it today shooting a podcast for next
week we are shooting a live stream on
Twitch for tonight gonna hopefully try
and finish Jenna's video today or
tomorrow so we can leave on Wednesday
and we have to clean the entire house
very well because Debbie is actually
coming here to watch the dogs while
we're in London she's gonna get here
tomorrow and she's gonna stay at the
house with the babies so we have a lot
to get done which is why I really need
this just a quick update and I really
didn't shoot anything this weekend you
know for the vlog just because it was
going to the doctor to CBS it was going
back to the doctor was laying in the
living room trying to catch it and feel
better so that is why I was kind
nowhere I wasn't my snapchat and for
those who watch my snapchat I had
something pretty cool happen this
weekend and that something is my
collaboration with modify watches this
is the merch I was telling you about it
is a watch it's a company called
modified watches and what's really cool
is you can interchange these bands if I
wanted to put this band on I could I
have this design also so it's completely
customizable you can get whatever band
you want and this is it guys this is the
watch I designed for you guys this is
officially my new merch you go to modify
watches calm slash julian sala me to get
yours and right now if you use julian 25
as your code you get 25% off those of
you who have gotten them already have
seemed really really happy and excited
which makes me so happy because i want
to make something cool that you guys
would get excited about that was the
whole idea so now when you check the
time you can look at a dope little cloud
and remember me anyway we have stuff to
do so i'm going to get going on like 10
things right now alright we finished the
podcast i'm going to go get my hair
fixed because that's what it looks like
i'm actually getting it cut and i'm
getting it we colored the same colors
touched up i'm gonna go do that and then
we're going to stream tonight and
hopefully get a couple other things done
that coffee I just had earlier was so
good there's so much flavor and there
was no bite and it was smooth and I
enjoyed it and then Rome came by and I
was like hey Rome try this coffee it's
delicious and she said it was foul well
you know my mom would you sit in the
podcast room yeah we had a dog cast they
sat in the podcaster with us we haven't
been doing really fun dog stuff lately
so they're getting kind of sad and so we
tried to give them a little attention
then we leave them so well I've really
fuckin sucks for them right now I'm just
kidding it's just you know hasn't been
super exciting
what are you looking for perfect so I'm
gonna hit up a couple pokey stops on the
way to get my hair done because I yes I
am still playing Pokemon
my phone's at nineteen percent and I
forgot my external battery so I'm gonna
go back and get it because I have time
also I'm going just a couple walks away
to get my hair done but I'm not wearing
my helmet for this trip because I don't
wanna have to put my helmet on right
after I get it done so don't worry wear
my helmet 99% of the time
those bikes are sick I should just grab
one and ride it next to him I don't know
what he's doing
those aren't like new bikes maybe he's
like returning that me borrowed like all
of his friends bikes they look dope
though driving on the street on my blue
seaboard at rush hour is like it's
really nice because you're literally
driving by all of the traffic that you
would be sitting in if you were in a car
but it's really shitty because
everyone's so fucking hostile at rush
hour that like we're cutting it close
there he is
yeah people are just crazy all right
here with Rob and we're doing some more
paint just to keep it nice and yellow
and an annoying and right right rough
it's right I think everyone's been
pretty impressed with how my hair has
kept the color so kudos to you sir you
guys have been really nice to Ralph on
instagrams thank you for that he
appreciates it we're gonna get more
yellow now more yellow all the yellow
please more that was super full so Rob
just said he's noticing some roots that
are yellow which should be impossible
because my hair is not yellow but he
legitimately is finding a couple roots
that are from the route yellow and this
has been almost two months in my hair
this little inch right here of my normal
hair color
he said there's all the way to the
bottom right now there was a yellow dirt
which I don't know how that could happen
stranger things have happened but that
would be crazy if my hair just like
started adapting the new color I
wouldn't mind it wouldn't
at all right now I look like mustard I'm
letting the color sit for like 15
minutes and then he's going to wash it
out and then clean up the side and then
back home so I'm just chilling I know
with my thoughts and my snapchat hold on
looking good colors just as bright as
ever and ready to go to London my crazy
house here now thanks to rob he did a
great job careful of that I will
eras all fixed up and feeling good feels
good with the side to get cleaned up I
feel like I'm presentable all of a
sudden but now I'm hungry so I'm gonna
go home probably eat something and then
we got our stream to do it so my clothes
my goodness this day is so much fun oh
my god it's been a rough one
we haven't even frickin gotten on Twitch
it we've been busy cleaning we had to
literally deep clean our entire bedroom
because we were noticing these little
moths or something
they were like eating our rug it was
like not good so justice I just don't
want to get into it because so gross we
had noticed them for like months we had
no idea where they're coming from we
kept like throwing out little things
where we thought they were coming from
until we realized because you couldn't
see it it was under the bed under the
bed we don't know if you guys have seen
those there was a carpet rug underneath
the bed and they had eaten out like
whole parts of the rug yeah and at the
rug and it was just Gus yeah so yeah
really not fun I'm gonna deal with that
we got the rug out of here we clean the
entire floor in the room move the bed
you really hated those things they were
making me queasy
like I hated them but you hated I don't
know if you remember over there is where
the dogs little den was and it's not
there
so Kermit we stir out-there stuff
because everything has like those little
malt or at least hanging out on it let
me know how you work yeah
they had like infested their entire bed
so we threw out well we'll get him a new
bed we'll get him a new bed I'm not
kidding Dylan he was like crying he's so
upset creepy
dan is like six beds you can know about
that no he needs like alright I'll get
him why don't we all go get him a crate
tomorrow they closed in Midnight's we
have an hour yeah I desperately want to
leave the house hi yeah I'm looking for
four dogs a soft crate like a
collapsible crate do you guys have those
you're blocking the camera lady you're
mouthing the camera she's fine the Kylie
lip kit Jenna dark honey look kick-ass
no my gosh this this could have been a
disaster this is bright purple lipstick
you you have them in store right now
yeah okay awesome thank you so much all
right yeah we gotta go we're gonna go
we're gonna go to Target and get a crate
hopefully for the dogs
did you hear that whole conversation the
first lady was like no we only carry
stuff for small dogs transferred me i
guy was like oh no we only have big dog
what the hell
we really honestly just need to get the
fuck out of the house so cuz I got in
here pouring Target and there's like
construction and security everywhere
I guess they got ready for us to arrive
everything's about me coming this is
what you get for nine lesson of the day
cry and get everything
hi mr. camera camera focusing money
my name is Campbell I robots he let them
stare into each other's bones never have
a songbird I was a bird it's a kid I
just thought child and I thought it was
a bird okay
ha ha 33 inches so that one's red which
one you like the red Karev I know I
don't know it's a lot calm down red
that's enough all right Kermit we're
getting you a nice bed hand PG you have
two boys all right we got all the stuff
said I just made a friend
hello dog friends I love dogs
dogs and dog people are so much better
than people people dog and they're
really cute and the dog says hi to you
and the person ignores that their dogs
whoa you don't want to be my friend
hello are you ignoring the spark of
friendship happen here she was really
nice you have my keys oh yeah baby oh
this is nice
we got your new den are you excited oh I
think he's excited good baby
no bad just for you oh that's nice
this car how easy it but I know it
doesn't smell like you I'm sorry but I'm
always thinking you Jenna you well good
you like it yeah thank you
hmm all right guys that's it for me
tonight I see you ah
