yeah we were just shooting Jenna's video
out front and peach like discover this
bird so Jenna caught it because he's
hurt we had them in the backyard right
now I'm getting some water and some food
I think his legs broken because he can't
like really walk he's got like falling
over
cuz like he likes me look he's scared he
can't really rest on that right arm
something's up
mmm every bird that we did this with
when I was a kid they all died but we
tried so hard and it's really fun
save them for a little bit yeah he's
just kind of scared right now he was
gonna get hit by a cars
yeah he was in the street was wait I
mean I live with myself watching the
Istanbul under the street like that he's
just gonna die here like he might be
sick
she'll wash her hands do you think
leaving him here by himself as a bad
idea no hey Kermit no not for you bye
he's good-looking guy isn't he cute oh
my god I like ya cuz they know
something's back here anyway as I said
we were just shooting Jenna's video how
to care for your salmon and we're out
front shooting and peach just discovered
this bird laying on the ground better
Oh
then nice yeah that's definitely more
comfortable for him people are scary
it's okay
alright you want to hang out she wasn't
a package
she wasn't attacking it she was yeah she
came up it was on its back I think on
our grass something like that and so
peach came up and sniffed it and you saw
it amazing how you just came to trust
her fast
they're not stupid all right guy hang
out here for a little bit I'll be shady
Timothy Timothy yes Timothy with the
minor legal bud hana the-- you hard are
you dying Timothy is not for you thank
you for finding Timothy peach he was her
and I know you didn't heart of Canty
Timothy I know you wanna look at the
creep
I did awesome brother thanks so much yo
so I am in West Hollywood right now
because I'm meeting up with Jay and Fitz
because they invited me to do a live
stream with them basically this live
stream is they're taking over music
Lee's lively or musically account which
has like all of music Lee's followers
and but they're gonna do like a show for
a live stream and I'm gonna be their
guests I'm excited it should be fun I
just took my over here now I have to
find where the hell this place is hot
but in all these buildings these
buildings are so colorful I've never
been here before
East tower got a little Pokemon go down
on the way here
almost twenty four guess what that
building is called it's called the red
building this legit a really cool
looking building I can't find where I'm
supposed to go I think it's up there for
security guards that might be able to
help me I should ask for help if there
is help I should ask for it excuse me
Lewbert
East power
thank you so much all right I found the
east tower it's right down here today
has been kind of crazy and we were kind
of shooting that video and right in the
middle of it we found that bird who we
named Timothy we actually put like some
chicken wire on top of his little cage
that we made so hopefully he'll be okay
we're gonna look into taking him to like
a Animal Sanctuary tomorrow if we can
but I had to leave Todd to come to this
so we're gonna livestream for all of
music Li's audience I just realized how
cool these buildings look from the
ground
there's J what up what up in his glasses
these are the balloons I guess we're
going to be sucking helium out of these
also I was just notified there's no
cursing so I need to like get my mind
right
okay I'm stuck at jiminy Christmas like
I'm gonna do blood this is where we're
gonna be what do we what do we
broadcasting with like a phone or is it
like an idol yeah dude every so we're
just rural phone that's crazy
all right so we're about to go live on
music Lee's musically how many people 15
million so no pressure I'm just gonna
fuck around I'm not gonna freak around
we're gonna forget her eyes no cursing
here's my name I think I put on the way
to introduce our dust
take a Saiga see thank you so much for
joining us for the hatred you guys talk
if you guys don't know this is Julian
sulamita he's one of our very good
friends super talented guy pressured
when you go to sleep at night when you
wake up in the morning you do some
tendons
thank you guys so much for watching we
had so much fun and thank you so much
Julian for coming down oh my god I
recorded the whole thing holy shit that
was crazy dude
great no yeah I hope so good job no
Satan
go ahead blast like flying by the seat
of my pants on that one like yeah I was
loving it really good alright I'm back
home and I'm starving I haven't really
eaten for like a number of hours now but
I had a blast doing that musically
stream with Jay and Fitz it's basically
their weekly thing and I was like super
impressed I think it's really cool that
music he's doing that but a bunch of you
guys came in hung out so thank you for
doing that it was genuinely fun um but
now I want to make some dinner because
I'm fucking hungry so it turns out that
Jenna was snapchatting the whole Timothy
the bird saga and people were suggesting
on Twitter that she could possibly be
like a baby or he could be like a baby
bird that's lost its mother or something
so basically she went out to where we
found him and let him kind of sit there
and sure enough the mother from the nest
right above where she fell came down
with a worm in its mouth and was looking
for a Timothy I think what happened is
the mother bird kicked Timothy out of
the nest before it could fly and was
feeding him from the ground and that's
when we found Timothy but Timothy had
wandered into the street so he kind of
brought him in hung out with him for a
bit it turns out that it was supposed to
happen that way like Timothy was
supposed to be on the ground without the
ability to fly which is crazy but I'm
pretty sure that's what happened anyway
this is some of these old quarters and
it's kind of like a cool thing that he
was wandering in the street which is
definitely
I can sing and we sort of saved him in a
way but yeah he's not here anymore and I
think he's with his mom now and that's
what happened to the bird at least the
bird got food I didn't even get dinner
I'm so fuckin cooking fuckin hungry man
so I ate some dinner and it was
delicious
and videos finished up and we're winding
down for the night we watched the
challenge earlier tonight it was the
finale and I cannot stop thinking about
it it's weird
I watched the challenge ever since Jenna
got me into it as like a really surface
entertaining show I would like different
cast members more than others and I
would get semi invested and it was fun
to watch but I never really felt from
the show I never watched the challenge
and then walked away feeling anything
really intensely it was just like a fun
show to watch and tonight fucked me up I
haven't stopped thinking about watching
the challenge since we watched it
earlier in like not in a good way
like fair warning if you're not
up-to-date on the challenge it you don't
want spoilers click away when bananas
took the money for himself and didn't
give any to his partner like in that
moment the experience of watching the
challenge transcended the actual game it
transcended the show and like the
lightheartedness of watching the show
and it like really made me feel like
shit I've never felt like this about
something so removed and distant from my
emotions I've like I don't know what it
was I think it was just the fact that
like there was such a feel-good vibe
that season with him and Sarah and how
they were mending their friendship and
I've liked Sarah you know throughout all
the seasons and she was cool like gave
me a stomachache what happened I was
just like hard to sit with unless unless
it's like there's a tragedy somewhere in
real life for her I witnessed something
in person that really is like disturbing
or whatever like those types of things I
can understand but like this is like
it's a TV show it's fucking reality TV
why do I care at all that that happened
but I do it's like it really fucking
mess with me that someone would take all
that money
and give nothing to their partner even
though I'm fairly certain they're
getting paid to be there anyway and
Sarah's gonna do just fine without the
money it's not even about that it's like
I felt so fucking sad that he did that
it like ruined the whole season for me
and I haven't stopped thinking about it
so uh thanks for listening to me sorry
for treating you like therapy right now
it's like a weird thing you know anyway
let's make this a two day vlog and get
some sleep and I'll see in a sec it is a
good morning
well except for my hair this is why oh
yeah I know you guys remember like a
couple months ago in a vlog I couldn't
stop thinking about this cup of fresh
mango from the street with chili on it
and I've recently found one this is
actually the second time I've gotten it
since and I haven't showed you guys yet
but this is amazing it's making my
morning so beautiful and refreshing and
delicious I mean look at that I'm just
getting on from training welcome this
morning I was really tired did not want
to go train I went anyway I had such a
good day it's so weird how that fucking
works but anyway I'm on my way out
back home I saw Stan was open so I had
to grab some so chili mango Todd a
couple things one you guys seem to like
the prank I did on rum so thank you
number two rum is Australian and number
three my merch he's coming to me on
Saturday from getting a couple units of
it I'll tell you what it is it's a watch
the really cool watch and it looks like
this with the cloud design it's
basically a Julian and modify watches
collaboration modify watches came to me
and was like we'd love to work with you
do a collab watch with your logo or your
brand and I was like well I don't really
have a logo so let's put some cool
clouds on it and I think it turned out
great this weekend I'm going to announce
on my snapchat how to get the watch
there's a giveaway but then you can also
just buy it oh there's going to be a
discount code for you guys that lasts
for about a week and I'm really excited
I'm really happy with the design I
really like how it came out so hopefully
you guys like it too but yeah you need
to go to my snapchat this weekend it's
not going to be in a vlog until next
week this weekend go to my snapchat
Julien solo and I will tell you there
how you can get a watch but you can buy
it
with the discount code it'll be
think around like 40 bucks and I
understand that 40 bucks is not a small
amount of money but I also want to give
you guys a product that isn't complete
shit and modify watches is a great solid
company that makes a solid product I'll
let you guys know more details tomorrow
it's not to have and for now I'm going
to keep doing this
