hi I'm calling to see if you have a
certain jacket I don't know my friend
already has it I'm trying to get the
same exact one yes all right thanks a
lot while we were at VidCon Rome left
her jacket in our hotel room and because
we left at different times we had to
take it home with us and she still has
yet to pick it up so aside from like
messing around with it and teasing that
I'm going to do something to it on
snapchat like I was I figured I wanted
to really fuck with it and make her
think that I ruined her jacket so I just
reached out to Zara and found they have
the same jacket so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to go pick it up and when
she comes to pick her jacket up I'm
going to take the fake one and I'm gonna
ruin it in front of her upon further
thought I'm gonna order it online it can
get here in a day and a half to two days
and I don't think she's coming here
before that alright I just did there's
no going back now alright so now the
task is figuring out how I'm going to
ruin this in front of her that's like
believable and traumatizing and
everything good alright guys so Rome is
coming over right now
so the jacket is not here and quick
enough so we have to put the prank off
which means when she gets here we have
to act like the jackets not here and
Jenna came up with the idea of seeing
the jackets at the dry cleaners so we're
gonna tell her the jackets at the dry
cleaners because I accidentally got like
a mark on it you know that's like our
way of like explaining why the jackets
not here it's a perfect idea here's the
jacket we got to move it down put it
like jacket is currently at the dry
cleaners in there
no idea it was a really good idea cuz
otherwise I have no reason not to have
no Jack when I put it in the oven it did
actually get a little like stuff on the
sleeve so I think that's a good point
yeah yeah there was like a bit of grease
on it
she's eating piss that it's not here
I'll bog it I'll tell her the dry
cleaner anaerobic Julian Oh Julian you
be in a real kangaroo yeah just texted
you if she texted me that I'd survive
solely my house in a couple minutes
you're gonna be there I'm like yeah be
here she goes cool maybe I'll grab my
jacket we'll start there hey no no no no
no you have the lives of can terrible
liar no I'll tell her yeah I just it
doesn't even matter if we start laughing
cuz then she's gonna be like what the
fuck is up and I'm like I don't know
your jackets if the fuckin dry cleaners
figure Oh we'll be like it'll be back on
like Friday like when should we prank
her Friday I think Friday all right yeah
we'll be like it's back Friday maybe you
come by come make the trip again today
you got shit to do just kidding she
probably doesn't consider this is Loki
meaning me but whatever
chupa jacket is in the oven it's not in
the other you can't be mad it's not here
it's at the dry cleaner cuz I actually
got something on it
did you yeah it's hot I think you can
dry clean it
they said they could do it it was just
this tiny thing from being put in the
oven I kind of suspected it would have
something on it from their name I don't
care it's fine so I'll be back by like
Friday if you want to come by then or
whatever this is heat I shouldn't need a
jack you probably need it I totally knew
something like that was it all right bye
fuck yourself fuck it
oh she only knew though alright today is
the day we are gonna prank Rome with her
jacket
this is Ron's jacket this has gone on
with 3-4 weeks now we haven't seen her
since she came over last so she's coming
over this afternoon this is her jacket
she left with us and this is the jacket
I'm gonna destroy completely identical
so basically I'm gonna do is I'm going
to cut slits down the back so the
integrity of the jacket is compromised
then I'm gonna put it on and I'm gonna
be wearing it when she gets here when
she gets here I'm gonna make a joke like
what if I just rip this and she'll be
like yeah whatever and then I'm actually
going to just go like this and it's
gonna rip cuz I've cut the back so the
idea is to just tear this into two
pieces right in front of her and see
what she does
we got to take all these little things
off so shows another that's fake she
better think I'm like destroying this
she's like on me all the time cuz I
prank her so much but I don't think that
you can really prepare for seeing your
jacket just get like torn in half and
try putting it on first
oh my god oh no the plan is to be in
here I'm gonna have a camera over there
she's gonna walk in and see me with the
jacket on I'm gonna tear the jacket in
front of her and this is her real jacket
it's gonna be up in this cabinet so
that's where her real jacket is well
here we go
so I've kind of tiny little perforations
along the back of the jacket which will
make ripping it a lot easier what'd he
say she did it the first time I why
having it already totally suits you
I had you I mean no joy in every this
road no you're fucking kidding me
please didn't resident Julian what the
actual fuck no oh my god so when you
took it to the cleaners today what are
you doing in this is the stunt double
jacket with me excited took it to the
cleaners who's waiting for a copy of
your jacket to come the mail so we could
just do that so there is no miss on it
Julian that's item so let me get back to
you
I just don't ever I was like I was like
once he sort of came to give this jacket
actually you were like offering a brand
around my planet dishonored is
Christian's
Julie is the grand finale judge I waited
so long to do that so long uh run was it
worth it was it worth waiting that long
yeah yes do you want to jacket halves so
I get three jackets no you keep that one
Julie I think I'm gonna oh my god a
complete use do that did i traumatize
your honor
Bowie are you okay Jeanette traumatize
you okay Mike it just like side I do
yeah I thought at least at least there
was a a mop on it and then you felt you
had to replace the jacket because you
had gotten shit on it when you so
comfortably onto Hosler gratifying still
would new thing I dunno on fire Lauren
Cheers
I was gonna lies I'm firing from here
but everyone just melted like it
would've been bad yeah didn't know fit
you wouldn't catch on fire you would
have been market even if I died would
have been worth it
Congrats row yeah your jacket back
