hey guys so unfortunately I don't know
if you remember how I was telling you
that peach was not feeling well
a couple days ago when we recorded the
podcast he mentioned it she's not
feeling well still and she's kind of
lost her appetite completely so I've
cancelled my obligations for today and
I'm going to take her into the vet this
afternoon and until I take her I'm just
gonna sit with her because I'm kind of
worried that she isn't eating she's
throwing up and she just doesn't seem to
be doing well hopefully we can take her
in and get her feeling better I think
she might have eaten something or I
don't know okay you guys know she's like
nothing like this normally her energy is
completely different fuck I kind of take
her in sooner hey I just called and made
an appointment for my dog peach I was
wondering if there was any way we can
get her in any sooner
okay why don't you switch me to 3:30 if
you don't mind
thank you you okay so I'll just I'll
just be sitting by her and just watching
her I tried to give her treats she won't
eat anything so it's all right baby
we'll get you feeling better yeah no
baby yes
you say so I finally just went and got
the dogs food because we've been out of
food and she won't eat it so I'm kind of
just counting the hours until her
appointment this afternoon I'm sure she
just has like a little bug I think it's
good getting better but she still has no
appetite which is concerning so
hopefully we'll get her some medicine
get her feeling better cuz she's just
like nibbling because you good girl yes
oh girl it's so weird to see like the
most excited
lively dog of them all just be
completely lethargic and sad guys check
out I don't know how many of you guys
like pins you know like pins that you
put on your backpack or on your hat or
whatever but I just got some new pins
and I want to show you them free
radicals is the company that makes these
really really awesome pins and look at
the ones they send in porygon the
Pokemon an inhaler floppy disk just like
so clean and cool so I can't wait to put
those on my stuff you know I actually
kind of want a Jean vest just to put my
pins on cuz I could put them on the
lapel or wherever on the collar because
on my backpack they get so wrecked and
they fall off oh look who it is come
here the hungriest happiest little girl
not hungry or happy today a little wheat
peachy I'm worried hmm uh hey when she's
sick I hate it Jenna's doing this thing
where she's petting marbles like
scratching his ear while she makes him
he's like screaming he's screaming okay
okay it's like a really weird noise he's
making guys PJ already has enough to
worry about
we don't need to make her how well I was
some initative peaches won the bet in
like 30 minutes we're taking on like 30
minutes race for the benefit was a bit
you guys remember how much she hates
that she like trembles um but she get
her some medicine foil blanket yeah well
I think should be okay but um if you'll
notice I have a team in sting Jersey on
I'm wearing it proudly Wow
I just caught a 12:35 Scyther on the
street I have nowhere I've never even
seen us either and then I found a 12:30
by one and caught it I thought eaten a
Scyther I caught my sight there you baby
you wouldn't say through EPG you want
them bit oh did a BB want some bit maybe
you would some shots she's she's being a
little more normal and she was earlier
this morning she was but she was
concerning me this morning like a lot
because she was like like tired and zero
energy and zero appetite and just
feverishly drinking water that's not
good but she's gotten better as the day
went on she's played outside a little
bit fucking touch me
I'm a loud to show Jenna right now i'm
gonna shake--ohh don't your feet are
cold
you're always hold it's 99 degrees
outside don't warm up your feet warm up
your feet boy 99 degrees out you can't
keep your feet warm boy you cold feet
have an ass oh yeah what's my count
my you look fun of this I'm gonna leave
by the way guys I made the Vogue cover
shot for the vet now with wheat you
don't like of it but it's gonna make you
to you
no she needs to be her sprite little
self again she's sick alright okay so
Seth you slipping around no it's not fun
you hate the thermometer it's coming
though go on your book
peachy guess where the thermometer goes
is the that way co2 normally and it's
also the emergency hospital we've taken
Kermit to guys
you naughty mommy is sick you know she's
getting hot I don't just have a pan
please just like that deep boy uh no but
all right so the doctor said we're going
to get her some blood work and
rehydration maybe a check for
pancreatitis and then also some like
anti-inflammatory antibiotic so
hopefully like after the blood work
comes in and she takes medicine for a
couple days to and feel better that's
the plan and then if that doesn't work
or the blood work is normal and she's
still feel sick we got an x-ray so it's
looking for you all right
gonna get some needles now though you
don't like that prominently here a
little arm she gonna charge it in good
shape
tatewaki into such a lady cantaloupe
sleep it's like a ferret making them on
their ears so the doctors came back and
told us P change is really dehydrated
there's no kidney liver issues so it
means but they're giving her a shot
to help her rehydrate which is like a
fluid and they shoot it into her back
and I said that she's gonna have like a
little camel back for like a couple
hours like a little confidence so we
have pichação' go down in but it's
just gonna disperse into her body like
it's like an IV on her back so we're
gonna see a little peachy camel I'm kind
of curious to see what it looks like
never heard of that yes it was just sick
yeah they did blood work and they ran
the tests of the kidneys and there's
nothing wrong so it's good news he is
worried yeah now I can just laugh at her
like normal yeah it's they we're not
kidding
hello she looks like the Hulk she looks
like she just did a fight a steroid is
it likes yeah there's a little blood and
I sleep I want to touch it okay because
I am i god yeah it just feels like a
sack of fluid Pete Pete Pete what do ya
good
let's get like pichi pichi pichi about
Pete Peter you're okay
it's a lady hug is that your lady
humping a lady oh oh my goodness oh
you're feeling good it's gonna feel so
much better
I believe how big it is that's basically
like when someone gets hooked up to an
IV when their get hydrated like that's
going to disperse into her body
under her skin and just rehydrate
everything all right I got your medal
awesome oh my god yeah thanks I'm gonna
feel a bit me I wish so we stopped at
the grocery store to grab a couple
things for dinner tonight and it is me
and the camel in the car right now I'm
just I'm happy and relieved obviously
it's no fun when your dog is sick you
know and like I might seem a little like
over-the-top about it sometimes like I
get that sometimes I can seem like
over-concerned around being a little
dramatic but I get again anxiety in
situations where something bad happens
even if it's like a mild bad thing for
some reason I have trouble just like
keeping it real you know I should be
okay a little medicine trip to the
doctor but I don't know what it is I
have this problem where I was kind of
catastrophizing my mind so I seemed a
little overdramatic that's why she's
doing better in other news only did I
catch a cipher but I had a 10k egg hatch
today and it was a cipher and normally
that'd be really cool that I hash this
either but I just caught a site there so
what do I do with two ciphers I guess I
could trade it when they allow trading
Peachy are you a cam belt I've never
seen anything like that
it's so wild looking it looks like she
has a literal backpack on
you guys miss her
probably miss your girlfriend God did it
fuck it all chefs fucked show is fun
this shows fucked Club is way off that
hot suit dude leave walk away please yes
so it's the next day and I just wanted
to give quick update
peach is doing a lot better her app
sides back her backpack has disbursed
although that was very weird and like
odd looking she's doing a lot better is
now Tuesday yesterday is when all this
went down and you're watching it on
Wednesday so I just want to give you an
update so you're not worried she's doing
a lot better and uh almost all the way
better
