what is up guys I am here with my peach
and my peach you can like the bottle are
you peach I'm rocking double peach today
guys one of the huge things to Mike's
Hard Lemonade I've partnered up with
them to make this awesome summer vlog
just a little more awesome in summary
Mike's has quickly become one of my
favorite summer drinks it's super
refreshing and it's great for just
hanging out in your backyard and as you
guys know we are kind of in love with
our backyard so cheers to some Mike's
hard peach lemonade yeah I'm pretty
happy with that we've worked together
before as you guys know you saw the
Instagram video and when Mike's came
back to me and they were like we have
peach lemonade we'd love for you to have
it I was like that's perfect because I
have a peach at home but I want to say
thanks to Mike's so I have been kind of
busy for the first half of today um grab
you to come over here a bit so I've been
relatively busy for the first half of
today I had a lot of editing to get done
and I had to shoot some stuff I tried to
stand out here and tan earlier because
as you guys know I have the worst
farmer's tan ever and I couldn't do it
so I waited until it's like afternoon to
come out here peach and I just been
hanging out enjoying the summer day and
I think I'm going to run to the grocery
store pretty soon to grab a couple
things because we've been cooking all
our meals therefore we are out of all
our ingredients any time I've had one of
these in my hands today he just like
lick to the outside of the bottle
because it's like cold I keep telling
her it's not for you I know it looks
like it's for you because it looks like
it's you but it's not so Mike's peach
lemonade is not for you dogs but they
can lick the outside
if they're good
peach you want to go to the grocery
store my gosh so you're gonna go to the
store pretty soon but look how clean the
places I'm like proud of this and I brag
to you guys a lot about how clean
everything is it was really messy before
no it's really not
we've been using these fly ribbons which
is like kind of gross but we've had like
a little bit of a fly problem in the
house so we trying to fix that up and I
think we're just gonna grab like a
handful of things we're not gonna do
like a full shop we'll probably do that
next week
John's getting ready for the store looks
big event guys are going to start yeah
it depends what store you're going to
wear you off on the store did you make
us a list
hey my ball I told you if you want
something when we go shopping read it on
a list you can't just expect us to bring
it peach peach was kissing marbles so
intensely earlier that she like knocked
him on his back cuz like when we bring
peach into the house after you know
she's been alone she goes right to
marbles just kiss attacks him so she did
that and like kissed him onto his back
and he was like he likes screamed he
does that little marble scream she's
just like that girl who has such a crush
on you and is so bad at hiding it that's
peach peach that's you you're not hard
to get at all you're easy to get that's
what I love about you is not a mean
balling a little peachy body not a mean
bone guys this new backpack that I've
been rocking has changed my life I got
like a proper backpack that's meant to
you know hold cameras and lenses and
things that I carry around all the time
I don't know why it took me so long but
I finally have one and for instance when
I was shooting yesterday I had
everything that I ever need all in one
backpack and it was all safe so I'm
happy about that today's one of those
days that it really doesn't seem that
hot like you can hang on outside but
then you go back inside and the a/c and
that's when you realize how hot
so I keep realizing how freakin hot it
is every time I come back into that
the grocery store has air conditioning
so we'll probably survive
pray for us if you will Oh out of
nowhere this giant tree out front just
like fell onto the yard look this is our
yard and this tree is like it's blocking
the gate this is dangerous for us to
move this on how did this just fall
there is no wind
just like jammed the fence yeah we have
to cost
baby you were right so so far we have
hummus the in cream cheese olive oil and
ketchup so we're just kidding like the
important things but I just texted a
landlord our landlord and I was like yo
dude in addition to like all the giant
trees that are just left in our backyard
from when they cut all the trees on last
week a new tree fell down in the front
yard so hopefully we can get that shit
result because it's kind of a nice fire
we need to get there's some vegan sour
cream that we like and we're trying to
find it and then just need some toilet
paper
brown rice lasagna oh my god I would
love lasagna
I haven't had lasagna and so long I
would love that be a great Sunday meal
um I got time for for lasagna for sure
so we are nearing our end of the shop we
got a pretty full cart but it's it's not
full of like food it's like you got
mostly appliances and then some sauces
and stuff sup we got some bowls some
prep bowls and then like cleaning stuff
because we're running out of cleaning
stuff because we have three really messy
dogs at home but now I can think about
lasagna because we found this
gluten-free and yummy-looking lasagna so
I might need to make some of that
alright
Cartersville and the shop is finished
we're gonna check out hi hey you don't
so we're back from the grocery store and
I wanted to show you guys what my new
backpack looks like from the inside I've
been like packing it up and using it
non-stop so it's like it's really cool
the way it works is the backpack laying
flat and you unzip this and lift it up
and there's all these compartments so I
got my my main boy right there and then
I got drone battery drawn battery drone
controller
for other accessories this is Andy
foger's this is where I normally put the
vlogging camera and here is my other
little lens it's really great like I
just I'm in love with this and then put
my power pack in there and what's also
cool is there's like a quick access
compartment on top for camera and it's
hard you know all these little
connection points where you can put
carabiners and attach a lot batteries
there the tripod holder right here
so it's pretty fuckin badass and I'm
really excited about it like it makes me
less stressed about going places when
I'm shooting or whatever like it's nice
very easy access also this is the
biggest battery on earth and I'm afraid
to ever travel with it because I'm
afraid TSA is just gonna like kick me
out of the airport it's my slider right
look at the battery here's my hand for
romance look at that it's literally like
a giant square block of straight battery
I pretty much can never travel with that
hey are we finished our shop really
productive and uh Jenna got a new little
wet yeah clean on the house with which
is really excited about and we claimed
another victim on our fly ribbon maybe
don't come in our house again
alright so we are cooking dinner
huge throw back to that time we made pad
thai like it's only two years ago my
channel there's the video where we made
changes kitchen pad thai and that's what
we're doing tonight sort of we're making
like a stir-fry with rice noodles it's
not exactly pad thai but it's very
similar so prepped over here we got the
noodles steaming in these bowls we have
bok choy onion green onion bean sprouts
snap peas mushrooms and some marinating
Tempe Mary ating Tempe Arizona and then
we have the wok because we don't feel
like running
wow that was a decent lap for such a
shit joke chili oil sesame oil soy sauce
and garlic or happens web pad tonight
that's what we're doing tonight well
it's not bad ty why is it not bad time
what makes it Pad Thai the sauce similar
it's all the delicious I'm excited to
eat like all of it mmm the job fridge
alright the stir-fry is almost ready
it's looking really delicious there we
go
dream corner we did not forget you
alright guys dinner's over and closed
vlog thank you guys so much for watching
the vlog and all the support I
appreciate you very much I do want to
say that I've been reading the comments
you guys leave on the vlogs more lately
than I normally do and ah you guys are
so awesome like sometimes I'll just go
in there and see what kind of
conversations you guys are having and um
it's really cool to have so many of you
guys be my friend and know my life and I
feel like we have a pretty damn good
comment section on a website where it's
it's kind of uncommon to find a good
good section of comments where you can
find things that are interesting
observations about a video or even just
like like a random discussion you guys
are awesome so I just want you to know
that I do see the comments and I
appreciate all of you have a great day
I'll see you guys
