this is my day today so today I'm
spending a bulk of my day out filming my
second installment of a Mike's thing I
told you guys a little bit about it
I was periscoping and I had done the
thing from my car lemonade on Instagram
and they wanted me to do another one
except this one is going to be a vlog
intro so today I'm filming that it's
probably going to take me a good portion
of the day as you can see I kind of got
everything I am in like deep Burbank
right now because there's a couple spots
I like there's this certain effect I'm
going for and it's not very easy to pull
off but I'm hoping I can get it done so
I guess let's see what we can get huh
well this is the spot it's an
interesting thing going on you know what
they're probably digging into cement
with that giant ass cranks machine
anyway I like this spot so I'm going to
try to it's a breeze like open area like
a lot of people drive by this might be
hard I think it'll be worth it I think
the first shot went well you know that
was the only real location I got bridge
I really wanted to have that bridge
because I loved that bridge so that was
the only location I had specifically in
mind at least for this area I guess now
I'm going to see what what around here
would look nice god it is so hot
welcome to Julien's blog channel or
every vlog he goes out in the valley
heat and complains about it being hot
alright so second shot is done and I'm
just taking a quick break sitting down
here this field is really nice I'm like
right near Griffith Park and I never
like come to this field just to kick it
it's really peaceful there's like shade
under the tree a little breeze so that's
nice anyway I'm going to plan out my
next spot and shot I think my dad is in
the area for some meeting and he might
be able to stop I say what's up with my
dad now hey guys my dad were grabbing
some coffee we got a couple shots done
up in like the hills of Irving here this
is Mel of course and it was really
really cool so I'm happy enough
but it is hot as fuck so you guys know
the work is getting towed
I push that one today okay which is nice
near this golf course up in the
we're ready
a couple really nice shots and the whole
time I was just ready to tell that it's
like that point where everywhere I go to
fill out that isn't like my house or car
great get yelled at people is really
sensitive
she drops by
I try not to
I try to stay
your products making a song for it and
that'll be ready to harm
I'm having fruit and orange juice my dad
we'll get him wait I wonder what
happened here last night so I'm back
from home was an entire day of being out
shooting and hanging out with my dad and
now I'm hungry and I recently acquired
some new bagels they're gluten free
bagels they're vegan bagels and this one
is actually called the unicorn bagel
that is why it's called the unicorn
bagel so I'm gonna dress this up and eat
it
there is the unicorn bagel I'm actually
gonna you didn't have cuz it's still
really hot I've had a really good bagel
in a long time
tastes just like unicorns baby you love
her huh
everyone's fat shaming you on the
internet need to drop a couple pounds
listen to them I love you just the way
you are I mean you could just be a
little lighter but she's just a big girl
I don't know how she's so big like she
eats the same she gets the same amount
of exercise like what is it what is
going on you just have bad metabolism we
she's a big girl
stick lady she's very well-bred hmm you
big-boned didn't you big bone dude I'd
rather have her like this than skinny
and inbred too malnourished Kermit are
you healthy bud he's just sad about life
about that one
it is now dinner time and we have one of
our favorite recipes tonight it is
zucchini fritters they're basically
burgers made out of zucchini and quinoa
and that is what they look like four and
a half each because we like to make them
small but you were just joining us at
the end of the recipe because I have my
hands dirty making them so now all we
got to do is crisp them up today feels
like Friday it is Friday for you
but feels like Friday also you'll notice
we cleaned up this is this week's video
that was last week's video and while I
get dinner ready over here jenna is over
there
hearthstone but she decided today she
wanted to play on rank so she's just
like smashing on these noobs you think
you're cool cuz you know you're not
she keeps just like laughing out loud at
how bad everyone's playing it's funny
let this be over oh oh these look what
wait drier than the other one
some players ooh Keaney so it's really
hard to get them dry like through
another dehydrators we have this squeeze
on them and fake doesn't see me for a
little bit so maybe it would dry out but
I'm low-key and their way drier than
they usually are like usually is barely
gonna puddle of their own witness yeah
they turned out that method was smart
you thought yeah that's what you do with
quinoa before you cook it you like
that's what you do with camera I do it
the fastest way possible which is just
you don't even rinse it which is insane
that's my came off
did you rinse this quinoa yeah I buy
clean quinoa I buy clean mama drought
let's have a draft you got you got first
pick I'm giving you first-round pick
don't throw it away alright I'll take
first round pick then this is my first
round pick
hey I guess I didn't want to do the
draft trying to have a zucchini for the
draft I gave you first-round pick even
Jenna was just trying to puff this up
and Kermit would knock it off
he just like kept staying on it Kermit
why do you operate by your own rulebook
hey you over there
couple things I noticed from today I
didn't have my mic on this camera when I
was walking I thought that would be okay
but it clearly wasn't so I'm getting the
little micro dead cat for this camera in
case I forgot my mic again I'm gonna go
over there little lady right here look
at her so I apologize for the shitty
audio all earlier I'm just relaxing
around I'm gonna have another snack
because I'm still hungry no multiple
she's gonna make me a baked apple
crumble
you mix up an equal ultimate balance on
top sounds delicious
alright well my lady's gonna make me a
snack later so dry doesn't dry out yeah
just getting down to editing this vlog
and I'm honestly really excited for
tomorrow because the song is going to be
finished like I told you and I'll get to
put together the piece I worked on today
excited for you guys to see it I think
you'll like it again it's just going to
be the intro to a vlog so it's going to
be just like a normal intro except a
little different thank you guys for
watching the vlog and I'll see you in
the next one
happy weekend
you
