do you okay there's a big yeah yeah
should be in the same drawer it should
be ah
sup guys so uh it's he it's time for
Jenna to make me into a Disney Princess
know your Princess Peach
yeah the Disney Princess Peach from
Nintendo lock this isn't gonna work
what is this it's like heavy duty velcro
look at that are you are you are you
don't have enough of it tree just
superglue it's my hip using a piece of
fabric trying to give me that blue
another scrap and then what if we don't
grow it like four I'll put it on here to
here so they can sit on you it's my
big-ass waist won't break it yeah no
that makes sense
are you a bro you asking my approval of
your method to make this dress okay oh
ah yeah so Jenna's making me into
Princess Peach for her video this week
we went shopping to the fabric store and
III figured I'll just show you guys my
my version of how this goes down because
I didn't agree to this this is all
against my wall Oh actually fun but it
should be fun huh should be fun
peaches leaving even peach even having
this this is my sewing machine learning
Jenna use it today
I'm open-minded when it comes to hi
shadow go and the way we're just getting
started
she's got to measure me first but you'd
think after all these years she'd know
how big I am
I have no idea what's going on right so
John tied all these little strings to
the Hulu which is going to be like this
skeleton of my dress kill you
I've had like a moderate amount of
experience wearing hoop skirts just not
too much well she's working on that I
like between takes and stuff time to
prep it all the dinner ingredients
because I were having mushroom pizza so
this is is that what you want
yeah all right that's what we'll do so
here we got some mushrooms got the Daiya
cheese we got my little bread because I
don't have like a wrap Jenna's going to
eat hers on her wrap which is in there
yeah that's me to make sure capsicum
onion and then yeast which we put in
everything we fucking eat so I'm slowly
prepping this so by the time we are
finished shooting will eat but uh
virtually getting kind of excited cuz
she's she's constructing some pretty
sweet stuff and she's burning herself
dude we had a daughter Sunday Julia
want to have a daughter so you guys
didn't just see it because the cameras
across her but I got fitted for like the
whole thing so she's doing the top now
and I'm leaving that looks like a giant
bra I know
the first time would take a neck pillow
I'm sorry oh this is bad
oh this is all wrong why'd you stop it's
or should I take some something up cuz
it too much well if you I think it's
gonna look nice it looks nice cuz the
skirts gonna be puffy so I might fit
pull it up a little I think it looks
good it's dinner time
let's go to Wendy's thank you paper jaw
number one Thank You ver baton number
two thank you for challenging before
thank Beach all right rolling alright so
in here this is the pizza sauce we made
it's basically crushed tomatoes oregano
basil lentils and just a little bit of
vegan cream cheese throw out a little
vegan cream cheese and like tomato sauce
just to make a little bit creamy and
then a little salt so I'm going to cook
this and then I'm going to cook these up
and then add the two together and I'm
gonna preheat the oven and we are going
to make pizza but that's a good like
pizza sauce if you guys are looking for
a solid pizza sauce that tastes yummy
please Bob come here so this is my way
of bypassing having to make you sleeves
oh she's gonna sit on top yeah cuz
you're an you tank top oh yeah you have
these pretty princess put you're going
down like that I can even put them more
towards the front while all
girl or some hot glue on your shirt what
do you think velcro or hot glue Park ooh
oh that's better is it yeah so hot glue
it just right on this hole there like
that it's not too much right looks good
looks good
look good guess huzza like that oh you
won't be hot yeah
oh my god alright so put the sauce down
on all the saw and then the vegetables
and now the last part is just top with
some cheese all right there's my pizza
vegetable like pizza bagels almost and
then Jenna's is in here cooking just
crisp it up won't even act like you
don't love it love it
I'm acting I feel you love it I don't
love it love it or don't but up up up i
you love your outfit right so we're done
give us an old TV what's your outfit I
can't film myself nothing special you
look so beautiful oh I've never been
more in love with you your skirt is
crooked this is more about you than it
says about me
your skirt is crooked fix it I like you
crooked okay hello bye bye society this
is my outfit of the night
exit I'll fix it Hey it's gender
functional because like as you can see
my knee can come up like there so I can
can't walk so and then if I get tired
take my pillow and go to sleep
if you want to see the rest of it go
watch Jenna's video but this is this is
my night guys
this is what happened tonight truly
you're a good sport everything's coming
off oh that's not wrong you know that
goes um I just want to say oops just
trying to say um
not anything so this is it this is a um
I truly am impressed by how quickly you
can put these things together this is
kind of cool right thank you
I do it I can thank you for being a good
sport Julie yeah yeah
are you sad now are you sure oh I love
you I love you baby
was this fun it's real fun yeah um guys
thanks for hanging out for the super
chill tastic vlog day so chill your
outfits so chill
yeah we were I mean I was tied up in day
and I got some more time than I wanted
to show you guys my version of how this
went down
so you haven't yet go check out Jenna's
video where she does this to me you see
every little part going to the ball now
forgot you sleeves no it's a sleepless
Paul Oh got it you're gonna get stuck in
that door as you are fleeing to the N
you have to lift one side up and then
walk through I'll have someone lifted
for me I'm not a peasant alright you
want me to help you get on dress please
okay go up by a vlog
