good morning guys so quick reminder the
video that you're about to see was
filmed last week as a vlog initially I
was going to submit this one at the Film
Festival and then I decided since I have
more time I'm going to make another one
so I'm giving this log to you a week
late and I'll see you tomorrow back in
real time enjoy so there's something
about these flower stands on the sides
of the road that I've always thought
like got a bad rap
96 we didn't come here to with
spiders I just saw this video that
Vinnie at Vinnie on Twitter made it's a
wrap to celebrate 100 episodes of the
podcast thank you so much man that was a
really cool song and I always say this
but I really really love the tank fam
but I also didn't like document at all
this weekend when we were working on the
hundredth episode I wasn't vlogging
because we were kind of really busy with
it the hundredth episode basically
involved us just scrubbing through old
episodes and seeing what we should put
in the hundredth episode and it was it
was a lot of fun and never had to say
thank you guys I'm here for a hundred
episodes so thank you anyway I am making
chili toast for breakfast then we got
some coffee and there's the actual toast
Chili's got to be put on the toast and
then the entire things going to put in
our mouth good news they brought back my
favorite filter on snapchat today I am
getting lunch with Collin who you guys
have met before we're gonna grab sushi
over in I think like Santa Monica cuz he
works over the hill so we're gonna like
meet in the middle so I just finished
training and I'm off to the west side
the grab lunch I'm excited because that
means food and I'm I'm in some need of
food so I'm gonna hop on the freeway
it's currently you want to see the
temperature right now leave this No
why why Valley I signed up for it can't
even be mad I just arrived in Santa
Monica at the sushi spot right now
waiting for Colin I'm a little early I
was hoping I could get a couple awesome
Santa Monica Pokemon but the server
doesn't work right now so that's not
happening but good god it's like 30
degrees cooler over here
I used to live over here and I
definitely didn't appreciate that while
I lived here I mean I just took you for
granted because now I live in the valley
and it's never 70 in the summer it's
like a cool breeze and no Pokemon so
there's something about these flower
stands on the sides of the road that
I've always thought like got a bad rap
they're really just there to like give
you something to make someone else's day
better which is kind of cool I just I
just got these because I'm sitting in
his red light and I know it's a long way
and I just I had some cash so I got some
roses to bring home to Jenna like that
guys out there making money so he can
feed himself but if you think about if
you like break down what he's doing he's
sitting there offering flowers to people
that are only gonna do someone's day
better which is cool when you think
about it makes me happier to think of it
like that sure he's he's selling an item
on the side of the road but if all goes
well for him a bunch of people brought
flowers to someone because he was out
there I appreciate that guy anyway lunch
was really good and uh I'm headed back
home now can I just notice this
footprint but my foot is way bigger than
it did you step on my car
so we are on our way to the beauty
supply store which as you guys know is
like my favorite spot I go there like
every week I actually do go there so
much but it's not my fault insurance
we're going to the beauty supply store
to get a hundred of things going to get
like one of things and use it a hundred
times
Jenna's doing a hundred coats of a
couple different makeups eyelashes
Tanner Foundation hairspray top yeah I
made her drive because I didn't want to
drive to the beauty supply store I don't
know if I told you guys yet we're going
to be surprised
you should be happier Jillian you know
why cuz we're the beauty supply star
theme of today beauty wish this song is
a comfortable seat belt it's fine Jenna
Jenna excuse me what hairspray do you
have that I can use a hundred times in a
row Jenna's gonna get 100 lashes
sticky and it's 15 over where it's 15
what I'll wear so it's gonna last for 15
hours but I'm gonna put a hundred code
fun so how many hours at 1500 hours
just turn around been a little
frustrated lately because look at the
sky like everywhere here in the valley
and Los Angeles the sky has just been
plain blue with not a dot for weeks like
I had to go to Santa Monica today I saw
like this tiny cloud I was like oh wow
it's nice to see you because there's no
there's like no action in the sky over
here during the summer it's just so
amazingly but boringly clear I need to
go find some good clouds I actually
follow a handful of storm chasers who
live in like the middle of the country
and chase the craziest storms and it
makes me so jealous I mean obviously
it's dangerous and I live in like a
beautiful place but I would like to do
that one time maybe like tag along with
professional storm chaser photographer
tracker and just like experience that I
think that'd be really fun because this
makes me so bored enough about clouds
enough about the Sun we are done in the
beauty supply store if we're gonna go
home and Jen's gonna put a hundred coats
of a whole bunch of all over her
body
got a hundred or everything divided
so usage in the beauty stores right
could help you so if you're wondering
what that is
this is Jenna's hundred layer of
different types of makeup in action
we've gone about an hour and she's on
seven she's doing a hundred she's
spraying herself with tan is it this is
only eight pairs of lashes what the
run round eight that's my scoreboard you
look like an alien
ah just trying to laugh I don't want to
get over my teeth and lick up my
face
hi hi pretty female goofball you're so
funny
you having a good day is it on you like
a rabbit peach a rabbit a rabbit
okay bye rabbit
me pin
so we have this to tackle for the rest
of the night
Jenna's doing a good job conquer tackle
because when you tackle something you
might not take it down but thank you all
for spending the day with me I hope you
guys enjoyed this video
of my life no I guess you did I'll see
you guys later
you
