morning guys so today is a rather busy
Sunday I am getting picked up in just a
couple minutes to go to the beach with
Jay and Fitz to shoot some stuff they
needed another person for a sketch photo
shooting and it's gonna be the beach so
that's where I'm going I have kind of
all my shit packed for the afternoon
which is basically a battery pack and
more camera batteries and you know just
Pokemon things and vlog things and
julienne things but I'm gonna go soon
and and jenna is actually working as
well she's going to meet up with the
super fruit guys Mitch and Scott because
they want to shoot with her so this is
not a normal Sunday for us as you guys
know we like to take our Sundays lightly
and today is not that day so at this
point I'm just waiting to get picked up
by Jay also interesting thing happened
this morning at 8 a.m. today 800 hours
on a Sunday
our landlord decided it was a great time
to have these giant trees in our
backyard completely cut down as you can
see there used to be a massive towering
tree along that whole wall and they cut
it down this morning
at 800 hours so we went to sleep at
around 3 because we went out last night
with some friends and I woke up at 8
Jenna slept right through it
IBG so that was bullshit
I don't care that the trees are gone I
mean I liked the privacy and you know
how it kind of protected our yard but
the neighbor next door was complaining
forever that like the roots were fucking
up her driveway so you know that's fine
I don't care either they they cut it it
just would have been nice if it wasn't
today this early he's having a dead
you know today today yeah no you're so
sweet she threw up a little bit earlier
so she was having a weird day but
unfortunately we have to leave you peach
I'll be back though now we're just
waiting by the door and she's sitting
right with her daddy
you looking out she just went outside
and peed on the front lawn she loves
peeing on the front lawn it's so funny
like she prefers it it's like her a
little weird spot you weird little weird
peach a little weird yep
I have a filter on it Hey lens filter so
I I don't have to worry about the glass
getting scratched or at the beach now it
only took us seven hours to find a
parking spot that that's actually light
it's a Sunday at the beach and I guess
we don't really think about that it's
it's crazy down here we circled the
block 30 times and we finally got a spot
so we're here I've been catching that
Pokemon in the back seat which is dope
but we are like we're gonna cross over
the overpass and then go down to the
actual sand to film and it's probably
gonna be packed as fuck down there too
but the sketch is on the beach so that's
what we have to shoot on I'm gonna have
this bathroom because I've been in the
car for like two hours it's crazy like
the weekend down here I forget how
touristy and nuts it is
you can see the sheer volume of people
on the beach right now but it is
beautiful out today
I'm not even bad right now this is this
is nice and it's not a thousand degrees
because we're by the water so we're
gonna head down and go film this shit
apparently you're not allowed to film on
the beach I feel like I've been getting
yelled at everywhere where I filmed now
I'm not allowed to film there we're not
even doing professional shit here I read
somewhere that if you had a crew over
three people then it's like you need
permits maybe I just made
all right so we're still going strong
out here and they're working over there
behind me they only needed me for a
small part of this and I did most of
what I was gonna do already so aside
from just a couple finishing shots I'm
pretty much done and I've been just
chillin literally in the water
according to Pokemon catching all sorts
of Pokemon I do not have which is really
sick I've caught like couple Sai ducks
squirtles magikarps caught a seal and a
bunch more which is delvis fuck because
I'm sick of the piggies that's a huge
upside to being at the beach right now
cause it's really nice out I can't
really tell if it's fog like a marine
layer or if it's maybe some smoke I
don't know there was a poky stop I think
you're a quarter-mile down I'm gonna go
try to hit it alright I caught it but
now I'm literally a quarter-mile away
from them I'm walking through the sand
honestly it's nice I've always loved
bike training at the beach because when
you do like agility stuff or even just
running on sand you're working all sorts
of stabilizing muscles that like help
you prevent injuries so if you lie go
for a run on the beach you're gonna be a
different type of sore than if you just
go for a run on pavement because you're
working all these very tiny muscles so I
used to do these workouts in high school
on the beach and I loved them like I
always felt confident my legs would be
strong and not get injured I was tired
and hungry plus were walking back to the
car now and we just walked by this guy
who had an Italian Greyhound and I like
made a break for it to go say hi I just
love seeing Italian Greyhounds out in
the world because I I'm just so like in
love with the dog breed but he was 9 and
he came from a breeder in Southern
California and
just say sweetie he looked a lot like
Kermit just smaller just makes me feel
like I'm home every time I see an Iggy
it's like I don't know why it's just
they get to me
I love these
five years in Santa Monica we're gonna
pray anything
yeah you gotta take it yeah that's good
damn pay up
almost one day
that's the fire still just like towering
over the whole valley looks like it
looks like
I know from James in the giant beach
jazz eat is the next day and I ever
signed off yesterday so here I am there
are ants on my desk on my desk quick
note I haven't said this in a vlog yet
but ever since the last vlog you've seen
I have since been invited and accepted
to buffer fest as a featured creator
which is when I was talking about the
last vlog and I was really really
excited at the prospect of going and it
happened and you guys are all awesome
because I got so many congratulations
from you on Twitter and it just means a
lot so thank you guys
buffer fest is October 21st to the 23rd
in Toronto Canada and I will be going
out there for the festival and for the
festival I initially wanted to submit
the vlog that I wit held last week but
I've since learned that I have until
like mid to late September to create
something to submit I figured I wanted
to one-up myself
and spend a little more time on the vlog
I submit so if you guys are considering
going I would love to meet you so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna release last
week's vlog tomorrow as tomorrow's vlog
you will get the vlog of last Wednesday
it will be week late hopefully most of
you will remember why and if there are
people who are confused maybe in the
comments let them know but yeah you were
gonna see the vlog that I initially
wanted to submit tomorrow because I made
that video in one day and now that I
know that I have more time to create a
video I want to make it better so
hopefully you guys enjoy tomorrow's vlog
I will see you in two days you'll see me
tomorrow but I won't see you tomorrow
because I won't know it's tomorrow I'm
living in the past tomorrow
