holy shit there's ash everywhere I like
feel like I can't even sit outside
so if fires that happened yesterday in
Ventura we woke up this morning and I
went outside and it was just engulfed in
ash like it's it's cloudy it's like
there's fog low in the sky but it's not
fog it's ash and it smells smells like
the fires right here yeah that's so wild
oh my god in about 10 15 minutes I have
to drink this coffee eat this breakfast
and get my ass into the gaming room
because today is my first ever
competitive gaming experience I am
competing in the pub G winter charity
Invitational for about 5 hours I am
playing with my duo's partner Josh or
sod of Prive and it is just about 11:30
right now we're gonna log on get some
warm-up games and we have to be on the
discord and ready to go in two hours can
I help you can I help you today yeah yo
holy shit that was crazy oh my god I
finished and I want to give it the
biggest shot on the world to Jenna for
being the most supportive wonderful
partner I could ever ever ask for in
life so we was just sitting in here
cheering me on the whole time like
making me feel happy and excited and
like just wonderful I'm like a little
bit overwhelmed right now I can't lie
like it's like five hours of consecutive
adrenaline that I've never experienced
like different kinds of competition
nerves than I've ever had proven I
finished the tournament we got 26th
place I think there were 30 teams or 32
teams 32 teams we got 26 out of 32 teams
I got a kill and a knock prove got two
kills we held our own we made it to the
main broadcast
multiple times throughout killed proof
did not me did not kill me oh you did so
good it was all for charity it was all
for farming wait most importantly raised
200k for charity I'm like oh it was a
really really really really really
really cool experience that I will never
forget ever ever ever I gotta say though
preparing for this tournament I didn't
think it was gonna be this intense or
crazy or memorable but it was like I
don't know I just feel all kinds of
things right now you know when someone
crazy happens and I'm just a little
overwhelmed and I'm very very thankful
for the dink family you guys showed up
so strong there was like over two
thousand you watching on our chat she
kept running in the room and then like
as I would get her she would run away
like trying to woo me out of there PT I
missed you too baby
getting a little bit of play coming out
from underneath this so there's probably
be a fight that happens directly
underneath of them as everybody's doing
this push up if you can take that house
it's huge there is that fight there it
goes you Kelly going against render G
Mart and Julian left standing Julian
dropping low he's got to go solo in this
fight yeah they're going for the bike
so if they do stop a push by chat
meanwhile here we see Julian solo steel
shooting it flop here comes the
attempted rescue from partners slides
madoski if it turns it long waist
doesn't have a ton of cover Julian's
still just using an Uzi this is really
really rough if you're Julian you don't
manage the guy actually he does manage
to get the kill on this and then at the
end Ibiza
the first place fucking dude killed me I
got a long-range kill with an Uzi and
was on the cast like I don't know what
else to ask boy fucking great
also I peeked out into the sky like
midstream when I was going on breaks and
the sky was red today it's the fires are
so bad it's it's crazy I'm going to
dinner with my mom now we're going to a
Mexican place so I'm gonna have some fun
he does maybe a margarita to cool my
fucking nerves right now cuz I'm still
so like up also like another massive
shout out to my good friend and do his
partner Saad of Prive Josh for being
just an outstanding human I don't know
it felt like we went into battle
together like that was intense for both
of us he said that was the highlight of
his gaming career we got to do more
tournaments together team solo press put
your face on my face oh ok so la is like
currently on fire there were new fires
that happen today out by the Getty
Center in addition to the fires in
Ventura and it's severely affecting the
air quality here to the point where
everyone in our neighborhood is wearing
n95 breathable respirators because like
I went out without it earlier and it's
like I was coughing for like an hour you
can't really see a ton of the smoke from
right here but right over the hill where
the gay Center is is where kind of the
major new fighter started this morning
it's it's ridiculous like you look down
the street and you just see smoke
below on the street
it's a bit gnarly over there it's kind
of scary honestly because the evacuation
zone is not far from our house we're
gonna keep you posted you though well
you're gonna go to the mall mouth
because Jenna wants Kermit to take a
picture with Santa okay so as today has
gone along the fire situation has gotten
significantly worse there are currently
four different fires simultaneously
happening in the Greater Los Angeles
area the one in most proximity to us is
the Skirball fire which is the one near
the Skirball Center which is just a
handful of miles away from us just over
the hill we just got an alert on our
phone like an emergency alert that high
winds are gonna be happening in the city
tonight and to stay alert the only
weather alert I think I've ever had in
Los Angeles might have been when there
was that year of ridiculous amounts of
rain and some flood warnings by the
water but I've never had a fire warning
on my phone near my house so it's gotten
from unfortunate and unnerving to like
actually a little bit scary I'm sitting
out here because I have a mask on but it
is still it's a little rough being out
here I just kind of wanted to show you
the outdoors the Skirball fire is about
five percent contained and it's less
than five hundred acres so it's like one
of the smaller fires so I'm hoping you
know the containment goes up obviously
and it doesn't keep pushing this way or
even the other way or anywhere I know so
many people have been just completely
fucked by this in Ventura County and in
Santa Clarita and even by the get et
cetera at the Skirball one I don't know
there's really none not a whole lot to
say except for the fact that we're
literally hiding away at home right now
checking the weather every few fucking
minutes and hoping that doesn't get
worse and worse which it seems to be
doing so unfortunately it's just kind of
like waiting now if you are anywhere in
Los Angeles long we strongly strongly
urge you to stay safe please
stay indoors and if you are told to
evacuate if you are in the evacuation
area grab your shit and go man because
things are things and belongings are
great but you got to be
I can say if you got a man I really hope
you don't have to evacuate yeah it's
just sitting and waiting now we'll keep
you posted though we will keep you
posted
