no guys so I we got news that there was
this giant fire right near us so we
grabbed the cameras and got in the car
we're like in we're like deep in van
nuys this is what we're looking at right
here that's this giant fire which if you
can actually see it's over the hill and
we found out about it's five just like
general we got to go look at this and
now we're out here yeah there's the name
of the place I don't not familiar with
the name of the place it's just past the
hill like it's it's just very north but
it's just off I think a big freeway
it looks unreal it's just pretty intense
this is like a really scary thing
because it's like 106 out here in the
valley right now and it's dry as a
motherfucker it does it looks like it's
moving in slow-mo crazy so I set up a
time-lapse right there I'm gonna set up
another one
we also incidentally just kind of
discovered this really dope bridge over
these railways so down there you can see
there's there's a line of rails and
there's this really cool kind of run
down ramp and
Brij there was this guy just yelling he
was walking in front of us so you know
it's legit it's not like a movie set
yeah we're probably just gonna shoot
this for a little bit and then get out
of here I'm sure this fire is causing
insane traffic right now this is getting
bigger I feel like it's coming over the
hill and we're simultaneously watching a
car chase this is just museum dalian 70
millimeters zoom ow covers a giant
portion of the sky like that is a big
big big fire and we were just focused on
this cloud on top that looked like what
it was it Jenna
yes it did
amongst all these dark clouds all right
so we are departing this little overpass
yeah like we said I really look forward
to hearing the news that they've
contained as far because not only do we
live over the valley like it's scary but
it's just these hot temperatures out
when it's so dry in an area like this
it's it's absolutely terrifying because
it's wet like it's like perfect fire
weather it's the highest danger of fire
weather there could be in my mind like
and that is just a monstrous fire so we
came out here to see it looked at it and
yeah so we're gonna head home now this
place on another no it's actually really
cool like if you look at this
I have now noted this spot in my little
internal map of cool spots that I ever
want to come time to fuck around here
with a camera going back home now these
memes these means guys fuck me yeah
that's it well that's all we're leaving
right there it's fucking crazy
hey guys we're back home and uh in air
conditioning once again it was so hot
out there it appears the fire is still
being fought I mean that's that's
obvious the fire was massive so it's not
contained yet but I'm gonna keep my eye
on news sites over 100 people have been
evacuated yeah this was updated in 15
minutes ago
fire officials stated that the fire had
jumped to 2500 acres so it's burned
2,500 acres it started at 2:00 p.m. or
1400 witches almost 5 hours ago and the
temperature in the area was a hundred
and eleven degrees those 5 degrees
hotter than we were and it had 15 to 25
mile per hour winds which is it's like
the worst conditions ever for a fire it
is ass and fire and that's what we just
saw it's like a weird thing like when
you see something that huge but it's so
not good it's it's um it's like this
looks really cool and I want to
appreciate how cool it's but it's like
devastating a watch you know anyway I am
going to meet Josh tonight for dinner
we're going to do you guys remember the
sex club like a year and a half ago when
I first met y'all just like the first
place he took me it's like the best
sushi spot and so we're going there for
dinner because we haven't been in
forever because he just arrived he
landed today all right anyway I'm gonna
put this barter for you guys just so you
have a vlog for the day hope you guys
enjoyed a quick little insight so what
we got involved with today hopefully you
guys are all staying safe and staying
cool it is so freakin hot I just wanna
say one thing I hope you guys are
chilling as hard as peaches right
look at that girl girl I don't know
whatever she's such a little goon and
Hermits here to the a C's been browsing
and they're still too hot and so tired
you guys want to see the rest of my
weekend
look you're basically a continuation of
the vlog always and forever hit me up on
snapchat because I'm constantly posting
over there I'm Julian so I'll be posting
there a night with Josh because they're
all weekend and always so if you guys
finish the vlog and you're like all I
want more of me which I don't know why
would but if you do find me on snapchat
thanks for watching see you guys later
