hey guys so today I spent all day and
all night shooting and editing a very
passionate vlog for you I was feeling
inspired today and I really wanted to
make something really really dope so
there's something about these flower
stands on the sides of the road that
I've always thought like got a bad rap
if you think about if you like break
down when he's doing he's sitting there
offering flowers to people that are only
gonna do someone's day better which is
cool when you think about like I'm
noticing that I never really thought
about it like that
I wanted to submit a vlog to buffer fest
to see if they would have me as a
featured creator so I submitted a vlog I
wanted to present the best version of
myself in vlog format that I could so I
really kind of buckled down today and I
made a vlog I'm really proud of and you
guys I think would have really liked it
and will like it the problem is upon
finishing said vlog I realize if I'm
submitting a piece to the festival
I can't premiere it or put it on my
channel until or if it ever gets into
the festival or considered or I get to
go to the fest like I can't put it up
today and then also bring it to you know
I mean so it has to stay offline for now
I'm gonna show you the vlog some way or
another whether it's in a couple weeks
or a couple months you'll see it might
be late completely out of place vlog
which kind of would be even cooler like
you know a couple months from now if my
hair is not even this color anymore and
you see a vlog from today that might
happen I spent the day doing that and my
day included helping Jenna get her stuff
but her hundred ultimate which basically
is a hundred coats of nail polish lip
gloss foundation eyelashes and hair
spray she's been going strong at this I
think for almost six hours now this is
what my girlfriend looks like it's
incredibly ratchet like I kidding I I
don't believe my eyes right now I don't
think she can even see me with her eyes
but I don't believe my eyes because I
didn't think she would get even close to
100 and she's already at what 73 anyway
I wanted to just get on here and let you
guys know why the vlog is not a normal
vlog or it's not my entire day I kind of
miffed it I didn't realize that I can't
show you the vlog if I'm going to submit
it for something to be considered for a
festival for me to cook that's why I
didn't really know how it works like I
would just go to buffer fest as yeah
it's in Toronto like I'm really kind of
not even sure how it works I know that
people sometimes like youtubers just go
to the buffer fest to go and talk about
it flog it whatever and I would totally
do that but I also know that you could
submit stuff because it is a film
festival so I kind of just did that I
don't really know so I'm gonna learn
more in the coming weeks about if that's
even gonna happen or if I'm just you
know spending my time holding out vlogs
for you guys for no reason but either
way I just wanted to let you know what's
going on to give you a little recap we
went to the beauty store earlier and
whole bunch of supplies for Jenna to do
a hundred things of so it was a really
entertaining day a really fun day here
we are now so May Jenna dinner is
sitting right there
I already ate my dinner because I can
she can't eat right now she's got to
finish this probably got at least
another hour and uh and then give them
getting editing but I really hope that I
get to go to buffer fest I'm gonna do my
best to find out how to get there and go
cuz you know that's the type of thing
that I'd love to go to in any case
film-based it's internet-based and
absolutely love Toronto but I just want
to explain myself
apologies for no real long super cool
blog today but eventually you'll see it
thanks for checking in today I
appreciate you guys so much and I'll see
you tomorrow for another real vlog later
