good early morning guys I am just waking
up getting my day started normally I
just come downstairs I walk into the
laundry room and I pick out the key of
the day throw in my backpack get my
shirt leave the laundry room and then
normally come into the kitchen start
some coffee I might not do that say I
might I might be doing a pre-workout
today
and then I have some cereal some
strawberry
cheerio type thing I have to leave in
about 20 minutes to go train but last
night was a blast
after I logged off with you I'll be
playing inside which was a lot of fun
the stream was like a blast even though
it took me a little while to get it
going and I really liked the game it's
like a super cool dark creepy of a
really smooth game and then after we
played inside we went out pokey hunting
and I hatched one of the craziest
Pokemon look at him
yeah I hatched that guy last night
and he's my best grass pokemon so yeah
we had a fun time we just kind of drove
around and found spots to chill at that
had boogie stop Sandler's it's been kind
of nice to have this like regular
nightly routine of going out at night
just for Pokemon but it's like fun
because like little adventures every
night so tonight I'm going to get my
hair cut and think over like a month and
a half now since I was there to get it
colored and cut I am in need of a
cleanup for sure but I'm keeping the
color obviously I really like the color
I'm going to keep this color for at
least a little while longer because I'm
I'm feeling it
so you guys remember I was trying to get
this filter off of my broken lens well I
did see here it is but in doing so I've
kind of destroyed the rest of the lens
but it's kind of cool because you see
all these layers and you can kind of see
like what's inside of this thing all the
parts so this was main piece like that's
where I mounts on to the camera and you
can see like the zoom ring does bit like
barely turns and it almost like tightens
up because it just doesn't work this is
like gutted nothing's in here so this is
what I just kind of took apart first
part is like a plastic race for the
actual glass this is the actual glass
just kind of crazy to see anyway I've
been doing some cleaning and sending a
whole fuck ton emails today it looks
like I'm very close to getting up a
little tiny special edition storefront
for this new piece of March I'm
launching I don't know what it is about
today but I could knock it up I woke
with like a 30 you saw me this morning I
was exhausted and um I was just tired
and training and everything that was
retired today it's one of those days
kind of you guys I've noticed I've had
this on my desk for like a couple months
now like way before I had the hair this
thing is so cool it's just like a little
oh my god I almost broke it it's just
like a little lemon figurine someone
painted this and they were like some
idiots gonna buy this and I was like oh
yeah that's me dog riveting blog
Julianne riveting
even looking at the camera yeah check
him over there it's still on me why is
he so Jumeirah he dropped it into my
armpit this wobble he's not gonna take
it from you and eat it can it sees
marble how do you handle day oh that's
Risa I'm in the right there oh my god
you even whistle
he's like he's getting more confused as
he gets older he doesn't know like
what's what he's not the first I needed
he thought your thumb was gonna attack
my phone do you two do I know he's tired
that way to girl got appetite marble is
so funny you staring him I know come on
we'll feed her he was very good know how
much oh good good no he didn't really
want it looking way sure his left it
right there she's about it bad by the
way guys he loves me he just gets
confused sometimes and a couple of you
have asked Joe Jesus crying Dory
a couple of you have asked if he still
does the thing in bed at night look at
his arm you just tired arm right there
it's so funny how he twists it out every
night he still does it yes
we just don't lug it every time now is
your arm okay why is your arm like that
wait one sec we will get into this
program the show ended and they're just
building snowmen now all right so yeah
whirlwind a fair bit because Jenna did
John last season with Ben he so clearly
was into Lauren B forever ago and Jojo
was just there as this light insula
heartbroken and that whole scene with
her fake ex-boyfriend sending her roses
not was so staged
that was not a real house there's no
furnitures nothing in that house it
clearly wasn't her fucking house all
that was fake just so that she could
become next season's bachelorettes grab
if you go back in this season and you
watch when she first gets introduced to
Luke it's like they already know each
other like everything else there's
there's a weird vibe oh thank you yeah
awesome and they all of a sudden were
see this hi hi good yeah okay and then
he like kisses around the cheek order
but it was so fucking clear so Jenna
called this the first episode yeah and I
was like oh Jordan is the shoo-in for
everyone to be a oh my god he's done the
getting away because it's Aaron I just
buy that no Luke clearly is gonna
fucking win and Jordan is gonna be next
season's fucking bachelor you should
reign up okay well I think that's a
brilliant theory and I think it probably
will happen tonight was a little kind of
ridiculous if you ask me well first of
all I think this shows I think this
shows beyond fucked up and like
next-level sick
unreal on me Mommy yeah yeah we're gonna
watch unreal next and it's gonna make it
so feel all better the hometowns really
make me frustrated cuz it's like that's
their house and then you see the mom who
is clearly just like wooed by our
producer to like bring up that fucking
shit about an ex roommate whatever thing
right like are you kidding me right now
the mom of all people is the last one to
bring that up that's the most planted
stage thing ever
they're so desperate fruit drama with
chase that they were like it's got
divorced let's make the whole episode
about it
like do you think like it changes your
view I like love whatever goes like no
one because this conversation in real
life it's not a real conversation well
oh my god your parents got to abort
we're gonna have to work through this is
going to take a lot of time and
communication yeah and then just the
incessant crying at the end your honor
you're on a reality show
you're there's like it's like a police
lineup of really good-looking guys and
fellow same there they're literally the
same person before them and you're
crying yeah I love you Poe standing in
that lineup I'd be like am I allowed to
opt out of this right now like this is
getting crazy
yeah I yeah but she was like I don't
know like the dough Julie was like can
you imagine bringing her home like food
everything you want to get for dinner
tonight today on the finale or whatever
when they announced the next
Bachelorette and he's like the next
Bachelorette is and Jojo sitting right
behind Ben and he goes Jojo mark my
words
she literally steps over his fucking
body the most symbolic moment of
television history
okay wait did everyone like oh my god
such as it is allows walked over him but
it really is interesting cuz the little
things if you pick up on you're like
holy shit are you kidding me yeah James
Taylor better be drowning pussy at this
point and if I was a producer Chad would
be on for four extra weeks Chad needs
his new spinoff show called Chad of love
daddy like Rock of Love or Flavor of
Love just chatted no Chad of hate and
and it's just chatting in the house with
a bunch of other guys Chad and his
roommate buddies that this roommate
buddy's everyone that goes on the show
has to sign a release like they're going
skydiving or something you have to sign
away your life yeah just be stronger and
better
are you coming you only enter that show
if you're alpha like Chad anyway uh that
was the Bachelorette tonight and like I
said we're gonna watch unreal now which
is really makes us feel better you
the fact that we watch The Bachelorette
oh yeah yeah thanks for watching the
vlog and thanks for listening to us rant
about this show I'm so pissed it's a
pretty infuriating episode not gonna lie
this arc has happened for me this season
at the beginning I didn't like Jojo
towards the middle I was like I don't
totally hate you and now I'm back to not
liking her
it was weird she had like a moment of
like peach clearly is riveted by the
show peach peach can you close the vlog
please peach peach peach peach peach
peach peach hates me alright thanks for
watching the vlog I fam sorry for
yelling my fam I'm not sorry for yelling
