my mom
knocking milk not floor are you we're
out for the day we're in the car we're
making a couple stops around town we're
gonna go to the peel Box grab some
things and then go to the mall grab some
things and then go to the grocery store
grab some things then eat those things
sweetly inside on the street yeah I was
actually gonna download it I was gonna
do it out telling you but yeah
ah yeah we found this new game called
the inside and we're gonna play it on
the stream tonight but first we got a
whole bunch of errands to run and it's a
fucking beautiful day out
it's a little hot though so I'm grabbing
some of the peel box and a lot of you
asked me when there's gonna be more peel
box videos I can't give you any dates
just because we're constant we're
getting the things you send us and we
write back from again but it's so much
stuff and we try to just manage it so it
doesn't take over a whole house so
please forgive like the lack of PL box
videos it's just harder than other cool
thank you guys in advance for all this
stuff there's one a lot of dope stuff in
the peel box and hopefully what I want
is like when I get stuff in the P locks
when Jenna get stuff we're going to open
it and just use it and you'll see in the
vlog to see in snapchat but we just
don't have the resources and or like
time right now to make videos about it
all the time it's just it's kind of
difficult so I hope you guys understand
but thank you all
I appreciate it I love ya
where's my hair and my mic
whose hair is this come get your hair so
we're at the mall we're getting a couple
of things
I got an iPhone cord it's actually
wrapped around my camera right now so
you can't see it but it's not like 20
bucks on an iPhone court because they
had good like recommendations then it
just broke just stopped working out of
nowhere you okay she's walking slow her
legs are sore from the workout but yeah
hopefully I can get this return for a
new one like anything exchanged because
it just broke and I paid money
you know scared
say what you mean change it over time
exchange yeah
she's making an exception it's been too
much time but still it shouldn't break
at all
why does all the pink stuff looks so
good Nick beats
please no God no please no no don't
don't grab my hand and pull me in oh
yeah how's she holding both of our hands
I told Jenna when we got here don't ask
me any opinions for questions I know
nothing I'll just follow you I'm not
answering any opinions none I have no
opinion it's all the same you guys you
know I like your hair just a little good
it like highlighter just
because I care
all right I found a seat so I am
actually in the process of working on
something along the lines of merch for
you guys
it's not very Mirchi in the sense of
like it has my name on it or it's like
you know pictures of peach or anything
but it's something else and I think you
guys really like it so I just want to
let you know it's an accessory and it
should be ready to show you guys soon
it's from a full company that reached
out to me and it's funny because the guy
who runs the company I also just
randomly went to college with so they
reached out and then I was like I think
I know your name and he was like oh shit
but anyway the product that we have
coming I think you'll like yeah so it's
an accessory that you use every single
day just want to let you know because
I'm excited and I've just been looking
at emails about it so we're getting
close to finalizing that and we are not
getting close to finalizing anything
here at all thank God for Pokemon Oh
right someone was looking out for me
because while we were shopping in here
someone dropped a we're module and it
made my trip to Sephora infinitely
better got to catch this cube oh now
nice shorts babe I got those Roseboro
when I went to Texas like three years
ago
he liked him she likes them our next
stop today is the grocery store because
we've been ordering way too fucking much
delivery and we need to start cooking
our meals so
it's going to be like 90% healthy to
wear 10% bad but then that's better than
like 100% bad and nothing else about the
little improvements although I'm hungry
and I don't think it's a good idea to
shop hungry ever
the best part is that we go through the
fruits and vegetables area produce and
then we're like 90 percent done now we
just need to grab so we can like these
stuff under the other there's like some
fresh spices spices okay all right let's
keep it moving
you
I'm just treating myself not sure I was
doing a lot less get permission I can
shoot myself
all right my lad to recording here
right she has an amount that was
straight-up Tetris we were not meant to
fit all that in this car
what is the cargo then you I think our
back Julia left me with you oh fuck hold
up my legs are sore my legs are sore my
legs are sore my legs are sore I can't
remember which one of these is my okay
this one is yours it's like and no I've
been drinking any of mine that is not
true
I read one time that the vegetable and
fruit drawers in your fridge they are
where good intentions go to die and
that's so true I just emptied whores out
because we've been eating pretty poorly
for last week or two or three but it's
so true good intentions go into those
drawers to die but we have new good
intentions in the form of groceries that
we are going to fill it up with and
hopefully they don't die hopefully we
can eat them look at the odds my hair's
a complete mess I'm showering a little
later I wasn't able to shower in the day
J so my hair is bearing the brunt but it
starts to do this thing now when I work
out and don't shower directly after
where it gets all dry and this is what
I've heard about bad hair so I am in the
thick of it aside for my ratchet here
I'm actually getting the sides cleaned
up tomorrow going to rough again we're
cooking some dinner we're making some
dal you even know what that is I don't
really know what it is I think it's like
a red thing that you we are going to
stream like I said earlier we're gonna
stream inside tonight which I literally
have no idea about like what the game is
there anything Jay has just recommended
a bunch some of you guys have
recommended it and it's been kind of all
over the Internet Wow my hair needs help
right now
I help I mean I'm going to hide it I'm
excited about it because it's it's not
often that a game is like so highly
regarded by a lot of people so we're
going to get on Twitch and do that which
we found we haven't been in they're
streaming in like two weeks because last
week we streamed Pokemon go out in the
world give you a sneak peak in the
dinner sneak peek big things coming it's
called dinner we're not eating this is
the dollar your home was a red lentil
spices this is our magical rice paper
it's so dope we went through two of the
same exact cheap one we bought one from
Ralph it was like 20 bucks it broke so
we bought another one we're like let's
invest in a real rice maker and we did
and this one's incredible so if you guys
see the rice maker this is where we go
if you're celiac this is like a
must-have for Jillian it's true if you
guys eat a lot of rice for whatever
reason that rice made or if you like
sushi rice like that's it's actually I
believe a Japanese brand and it makes
incredible incredible sushi rice and
it's very simple to use
and it comes out with the perfect
consistency every time totally not a
sponsor I don't even think they they
know I exist why would they know I exist
I'm not that important my new tiny lens
that I had to replace comes tomorrow so
I've switched back to the a7 s although
I do miss vlogging with this because
I've been vlogging with a 6300 a lot I
like to I like to keep mixing back and
forth also what he guys tweeted at me a
video
Cory DeSoto made and it's his youtubers
impressions and he did his impression of
me by saying hey it's Julian and then
just clouds everywhere but that was
really funny we're gonna get into this
dinner
we should eat outside today it's so
beautiful out here
alright so the outside is basically
ready to eat at we haven't eaten out
here couple days Kermit Spain romantic
alright we're going to eat guys this is
our beautiful dinner made by my
beautiful girlfriend some broccoli we
have some dinner now thanks for hanging
out today I appreciate it I'm excited
I'm home I'm hoping I'm as excited to
eat this meal as you are excited to eat
whatever meal or drink isn't fun with
you guys
you
