fuck I was just getting ready to do some
really really cool shit and I dropped my
camera and this happened the land is
completely busted motherfucker yeah it's
like bent in I mean this is the small
lens that came with by a 6300 and it was
this was my new compact vlogging setup
and out of nowhere this just slipped out
of my hand the whole thing and it landed
face first and I just bent the fucking
lens in its unusable Wow I literally
turned on the camera and began vlogging
it as I turned it around it slipped out
of my head just giving it the polarizer
off so I can salvage this at least it
just got smashed I was not planning on
this happening I was planning on doing
some really cool shit right here I was
gonna regrip my boosted board so now
that this lens is broken I really want
to get this UV filter I have on it
because I want to salvage something
luckily this isn't an expensive lens by
far my cheapest lens that I own but it's
just the most convenient one for
vlogging so I've been using it a lot on
the a6000
it's just like a depressing sight right
there I was reached out to by a company
called cloud 9 griptape
I think commented on my tattoo vlog
saying something along the lines of hey
I think you'd like our brand which I do
because it's clouds so they sent me a
custom grip tape from a booster board oh
and some sweet shit this is what we are
after this is my cloud coloured grip
tape and I've never done this before
whatever it's may go horribly wrong
thanks to cloud 9
I appreciate this I'm gonna try to not
fuck this up completely royally
all right so it's pretty much done oh my
god I just found it I was just about to
say inevitably at the end of every
single project I do one little nut or
screw missing something tiny but I just
found it let's actually finish this now
all right we are finished this is my new
cloud Blu boosted board pretty sick
these are marker lines in the center
they will fade I know these look like
air bubbles but it's not this is what
the wiring underneath the board looks
like up here I put the cloud with a
little bit of a indicator of the front
of the board this used to be bigger and
boosted LoVo but I've changed it I think
the blue and the who stood orange will
look really good together this is it I
finished huge shot oh it's a cloud 9
grip tape for sending me the grip tape
to do this you guys should check them
out for all your grip tape needs and
cloud needs yeah I mean as you can see
it's not it's not perfect but this is
literally the first time I regrouped a
board and it was an electric board so
kind of how does just make do I wanna go
see how this thing rising
also guys I don't know if you saw last
week when I caught my finger I said when
I cut my finger it comes in like fives
just sliced my finger doing this blister
blister cut I wasn't lying I'm gonna
meet my buddy
Jason who I've been training with for
almost a year now
and he's super dead guy and sometimes
it's easier to get a workout in when you
have a buddy to do it with so that's the
idea behind today all right we made it
here to the gym this is this is a spark
here that's Jason behind me he's
sweeping because he hasn't come here
there's dust everywhere but it's my job
to force him to come back here so we can
get well both of us in shit we stayed
with battle reps they're just letting
you win doubt if you slam the ropes on
the ground these ones are here
Jason's idea was to do 20 and then
switch and then with 19 and then switch
an 18 and we went all the way down and
so we're effectively finished but is
going down I'm so exhausted and zone
like circuit training like this in
forever and I miss it but coming back
like this is is a lot this is dope
workout and now we're gonna go grab
lunch
once that congealing again get all these
cuts you're next
alright finish the workout and now we're
gonna go grab some lunch and then I'm
going home
I need you right now I feel like I'm
gonna die made it back home I survived I
put some food in my body and then I made
it back home and I'm toast this week has
effectively like completely kicked my
ass in like so many different ways
physically beat up my hands I can't even
stress to you like Jenna said this every
time I cut one one thing on my hand I
end up with five cuts it like comes in
waves and it's such a true thing like
maybe you know scoring griptape with a
razor blade isn't the smartest thing to
do when you already have a cut but it
just happens in this like clusterfuck of
cuts so now my my hands are all chewed
up but I had a fantastic workout with my
buddy Jason and plan on doing more of
those hopefully sort of regularly in the
coming weeks because well it's like it's
a lot easier to get shit done especially
those types of intense workouts when you
have someone doing it with you I am
pretty toasted and we are gonna order
some food probably because we have no
food in the house anything guys thank
you for watching the vlog thanks for
your patience for real if you guys have
skateboards you need griptape cloud9 has
some sick options
I believe I'm kind of disguised my
boosted Bart now I mean the orange
wheels are kind of a giveaway but other
than that it's just like a blue
longboard it looks kind of sick and I
love the clouds that's gonna be it for
the vlog I hope you guys have a
wonderful weekend and don't cut your
hands one time two times six times
none of the times just just don't do it
by
