good morning guys I am leaving the park
right now we were working on a project
me and Keaton we're working on something
we're going to finish it tomorrow we all
will see you behind the scenes on Friday
at what we're doing anyway I'm going
home right now
so I whistled that me like three times I
think he likes me
I got a I got you Jitsu so I got to go
home and unpack all this camera shit and
then get off the training and later on
today I'm grabbing lunch with Josh
relatively a busy day because when I get
back home were shoot Jenna's video you
have been out there since like 8:00 a.m.
and it is now 10:30 ish the video that
we are working on it's actually pretty
dope so I'm excited for you guys to see
like my behind the scenes vlog and
Keaton's video they cool
all right sign back home training one
will it was actually really really cool
today we got treated to a really really
high level black belt from Brazil came
in and taught the class and it was such
an incredible experience so that was
dope weighed over than I expected
now I am finally going to try to sit
down and change the bearings on my board
so this is kind of a setup right here
I got everything this is my first time
doing it so it's probably gonna take a
while
and um
it knows me
all right so we finished the hardside we
took off all the old bearings and put on
some super ads so what I mean by the
hardside is the electric wired side this
whole rig right here there's a whole
method of taking the wheels off
replacing the bearings and it was not
your average skateboard bearings switch
so that part is done the hard part is
done now I just have to do the
skateboard part which shouldn't take me
any time at all but it looks like I'll
be up and running very fast
and only
all right well we are now finished and
I'm not gonna lie that was like a lot of
fun I really like kind of just learning
how to do something I've never changed
bearings before you step skateboards as
a kid never got serious enough to change
bearings so this was cool especially on
electric skateboard knowing how to do it
with the motor back there so now I know
how to change bearings and my board
should be running a lot better now this
is the aftermath by the way
all right thanks right now you enjoying
that go until next time all right all
right as I made it to dinner and it's
funny I had the same uber driver I had
like a week ago
and he remembered me because he was
taking me to lunch when I had him last
so that was cool
ha but I just put our name on the list
now I'm waiting for d-town so we could
go to town on dinner cigar in the dark
how is that
look warm with guys with my friend
Joshua I think it's weird that you have
the extreme beautiful hair and I don't
it is weird
everything's flipped right now I wish I
you're normally the beautiful one you're
always doing things oh yeah that's
perfect Thanks it's soft I thought it
was going to be crunchy they've been
experiencing the feeling of my hair for
a while that's for sure how come you
guys get to be in his inter personal
space and they don't so we grabbed a
beer because we had to wait for dinner
but now dinner called us the restaurant
called oh saying hurry up your tables
ready
now we got to hurry up our tables ready
peachie ready today so weird you she's
so big I don't wanna learn did you go
picture get up here
that was super lazy like crazy lazy your
major lazy so first of all I apologize
for the last clip we were in a bar that
was super backlit and I don't use the
auto setting on my cameras that and I
also don't have a flip-out screen so I
don't see what's happening as I shoot
because I like these cameras enough to
not really care about that and so
sometimes when I'm backlit I think my
camera's figuring it out but sometimes
it just completely doesn't at all like
you just saw a silhouette of us so my
apologies we just finished shooting
Jenna's video right in this spot now I'm
in this spot wanted to follow up with
you guys last week I told you I was
trying to get my social security card
and today it came in the mail so look at
it here's my identity have it fucking
got you thieves you just trying to find
time to yawn huh you want to sit up here
so you could yawn you're so cute by the
way guys how are you feeling about the
shorts that I chose it's an incredibly
flattering angle but I think Rome would
hate them because she was giving me shit
for ever my shorts like above my knee
and high up even though she's fucking
Australian and they do that more
anyone feel exhausted today was a good
day but it was a long day and then I'm
going to be up tomorrow for a lot of
training after the morning I am going to
shoot part two of Keaton's video which
you guys will see Friday it'll be fun
just going to be kind of a demanding
shoot but uh I apologize for the short
vlog I know I've been doing good about
getting you guys long full-day vlogs for
the most part so sometimes uh what are
you doing she's sniffing my crotch
please stop it okay I know why she's
doing that okay I do so earlier today I
was working on the blue board and I
didn't have the right-sized allen wrench
to get some some part of it done so I
went over to our neighbor's house to
borrow one and they have this giant
golden retriever who smelled me and got
all over me and so ever since I've been
home Kermit and Peach have been like
furiously sniffing my pants in that area
I kind of wish you would stop but I love
you you can hear Jenna settling in that
room and it appears I have four minutes
left on this memory card
I guess that's fitting also guys look at
these badass pop sockets that Jenna just
got she's selling them as her merch I'm
going to link them below because you
guys should all get them they're really
really really sick and they have a bunch
of criminals designs pop suck it
perhaps okay thanks for watching the
ball can I'll see you tomorrow
take a look at my hair cool
