what up guys so today we are continuing
shooting the rest of the uber ghost kit
that we did it's already out it's on my
channel and Jay and I basically came up
with this idea to make like a because
we're making jokes that like uber should
start a service to drive people around
to catch Pokemon
so we made a whole video about it and we
have a couple pickup shots to do today
before we post but it's going live later
today I'm really excited because it's
like a like a new type of video you know
and I like the concepts and I think we
executed well right oh he almost ran
outside Jenna just took peach for a walk
because she wants to catch pokemon but
it's Monday and this has been a really
fun shoot we spent literally all day
yesterday shooting and ending and uh we
got some good so it's been it's gonna
have been up for days by now so that's
what I'm doing today so we're headed out
right now to catch pokemon but we are
gonna try our best to do a stream on
Twitch from this phone I've never done
it before it's through this app it's an
Android phone it's probably really funky
but we wanted to stream pokemon go
because what are the game are we gonna
stream right now this is all we can play
right
it's awesome so Jen is driving and I
have the stream sort of setup we J and I
got the video up and it's getting an
awesome response to thank you guys for
watching it I'm really excited about it
we're trying to find a spot that has
Pokemon
I have signal to stream and we have a
spot to pull over in the car and just
kick it that would be ideal
so we're going to look for right now and
then we're going to catch the Pokemon
live on Twitch we're doing it we're
streaming on Twitch on Pokemon go from
the phone
we're like monitoring over here in the
check there's the dink fam right there
getting your comments morning guys
so I'm sitting on the porch right now
just just hanging out Jenna went for a
walk with the dogs and I just got home
from training and it's a fucking really
lovely day out but I just got out of the
shower and I checked Twitter and it
looks like some of some of you guys have
been tweeting me that new sites have
been picking up our video
the uber girl video which is really
fucking cool so I retweeted a couple
links there was um somewhere in Little
Rock reposted in a couple other places
but it's just so cool like we had this
idea like we were just joking around
like what if uber took you around a get
Pokemon and then we were like we have to
do this right now like we have to shoot
this immediately because the time the
strike and making a video about Pokemon
go you guys know it's like things come
and go really fast it's just exciting
that we fucking did it and it's like
it's just a nice reinforcement that like
sometimes even though you'd rather take
your weekend to be a weekend sometimes
you got to just spend all day on Sunday
creating something because you want to
create it and because you think that
that's what you need to do you know it's
exciting I'm keeping my eye on the
YouTube trending page because I think it
would be fucking sick if we made it on
there but you know that's an algorithm
thing so it's out of our control
anyway it's an absolutely beautiful day
I was riding the boosted board home
and it died on me so I had to like kick
the whole way which I feel like I'm so
spoiled I never have to kick but it's
like there's a nice breeze it's not like
the how he crazy here it's chilling
Jenna's probably gonna get back from her
dog walk slash Pokemon hunt really soon
and then probably get some lunch tonight
I'm going to be doing a radio show I'm
going into a studio in Hollywood and I'm
going to be a guest on my friends radio
show this is a guy used to bartend with
his name's Mike and he is a sports radio
show it's called mostly sports so
they're going to have me on it to talk
about UFC and that'll be fun so I'll
take you with me I'm very excited to go
do that well so I'm glad some of you
liked the Pokemon go time lapse
yesterday the moment I log on that game
was like those clouds I lit I got a
time-lapse
so we brought our computers out of here
we're doing some work on our computers
but I didn't vlog it all last night but
we went to Ocean Ave in Santa Monica
like late last night to go Pokemon and
it was so much fun like we walked down
Ocean athle parked we walked on us you
know there was pokey stops everywhere
and there was people everywhere we both
used to live over there and it was
amazing just seeing so many people just
out there Pokemon and it was as he kind
of nights like it was it's the most
social video game there's ever been
that's crazy like everyone's talking to
each other and we caught some sick
Pokemon too but we can't help but
sitting out here it's too beautiful
right now
breathe on me weather so we're at the
skate shop right near our house actually
it's kind of far but we drove over to
the skate shop because I need new
bearings my boosted boy the little thing
that go inside the wheel I need to
replace mine so I'm going to grab some
here and we figured we were just got
pokemon in so I'm gonna run in here and
get some bearings and then we're gonna
go catch my Pokemon how's it going
well are you doing any help Linderman
I'm looking for a super red 25 usually
like the more expensive the bearing the
longer it's gonna last
yeah I wonder if these ones review she
looks ideas fine yeah they're like a
fellow football guys are wireless so um
I'm texting Matt from techsmartt he
knows a lot about skateboarding so he's
helping me make some errands because
he's recommending me there's the guy
here so I'm trying to see these are
better for electric boards or the Reds
or better time
I'm just waiting so while I'm here I
figured I'd get some board shorts
because I have like two board shorts
that I wear all the time for like three
four years that I haven't stopped
wearing them because they're just so
convenient and easy to wear
so trying to find some boy shorts only
think about portraits as they fit me
very specifically
I have to be the right length I like
them below my knee I like the mobile
money and they have to fit my waist and
also look cool so dealing with that
right now I got a lot of choices it's
kind of overwhelming also I just walked
by a shelf and almost knocked the whole
thing over but I caught it but I still
made a scene so it's going wrong he came
to this Trader Joe's which is over
we were here the other night
which which is funny because we were
catching pok√©mon there are three stops
within like one little parking lot so
you can stand in one spot in the parking
lot and hit three different pokey stops
so we came here we're going to hit this
but then also I need a snack
so we're going to go into churros
literally in a new Virgo right now like
I'm literally n1 I'm going to the radio
show in Hollywood we recorded like 1930
and I'm leaving a lot of time because
it's traffic but I'm excited I haven't
been like a guest on another show and so
long I actually did this show like three
years ago but I did it from the phone
like I called into the show I've never
been in studio though it's exciting you
know we like to spend all the time
making our own shows but it's nice to
just kind of go into a studio and have
it all there for you and you're just the
guest there's like no pressure
so I got to Hollywood literally grabs a
little coffee
I've never been to sunset Gower Studios
it's right behind me it's over there I'm
just walking to this corner also what's
with the southern theme that's kind of
sick as I've never been at sunset Gower
studios but when I used to work in radio
it works like she's like a mile and a
half away so I'm familiar with the area
just basically Hollywood what I really
need to do is check fucking Pokemon
because it's probably mad stops over
here
alright so not only did I just let it
Charmander escape me because I almost
had him and he escaped not only that but
I can't find the entrance to sunset
Garros videos I don't know where I'm
going now my mind is all fucked I'm not
my nan my zone cuz I just lost a
Charmander and a guy walked by asking if
I caught it and I was still working on
it and he he caught it
fucking char minute man alright so I'm
like two minutes away from going live
you should be coming to get me in a
second go on talk about mostly sports
mostly sports though think we're talk
about Pokemon go fucking Charmander yeah
numbers are going up here we're gonna
bow to start rapid fire Julian in about
30 seconds alright if you could take a
sauna with anybody dead or alive who
would it be Arnold Schwarzenegger's
prime explain what real quite as you
probably just finished a crazy gym
session I want to pick his brain okay
what it may be like totally know how
long just look at his body okay that's I
think I do that was only me like Brock
lesner
we're gonna wrap up the show with you
guys talking about the bachelor type
last night I'm you guys for listening
how about funny before Darren under the
bus yeah you're mad that this brother of
yours who's just also a top-five NFL
quarterback and has been for years and
years doesn't come to every like brunch
so we finished the show it was so much
fun and went by like crazy fast and uh
we had a good time those guys are cool
her body is it as an old bartending
friend who I've known for a long long
time so it was really cool it's such a
great show because it's like it's just
like the name it's mostly sports but
it's also like other shit and they goof
around and we had a lot of fun so I'm
happy that that happened that was a good
time now I'm just trying to get my uber
go where you at okay go I got a catch
pokemon not really I'm gonna go home and
get some dinner also want to thank you
guys those of you who came and listened
to the show I tweeted it out and once
you guys came and hung out which was
really cool
shout out to mrs. underscore gardener or
Joelle on Twitter for staying up till
6:00 in the morning just to listen
how's it gone I didn't wait oh what what
wow thank you songs I need some more
stop to think oh yeah oh yes you're
making more sauce in the fridge come on
that's a finish this Moscato Hey oh yeah
don't mind the old pizza box behind me I
just got home that it smells delicious
Jenna made me pay and she snapped out of
the whole thing
it's what I yeah I'm sure all of you
watched that story but it was a great
story which I appreciate especially
because it's the julienne method
I'm turning her into the julienne method
believer so I am getting all the
batteries charged for the drone because
I'm shooting something cool tomorrow
with it and I haven't used it in fair
while you know I think it's been like at
least a month since I've flown it I love
this little charged cube right here
super handy that's perfect for hotel
rooms anyway can I go grab some dinner
Jenna's wonderful paia that was waiting
for me thank you guys for watching the
vlog and thank you guys for all the love
on the uber go video you guys are the
best and I'll see you tomorrow for
another vlog
