whatup guys we're out here looking for
Pokemon we finally like really got into
this game sorry
this sounds like in my eyes I don't know
what I look like it's terrible
we're out here because we were at the
park looking for Pokemon and we found
like a good 5 or 6 and then we met these
guys who knew this secret spot that
we're at right now and we're trying to
find all these eggs in Pokemon right
babe yeah place is live this shit is it
suddenly got really fun because we
started like actually go into the world
and and play and now we're just hunting
for Pokemon and we have we heard from
those guys that there's this spot at 3
a.m. tonight that there's supposedly a
dragon-type pok√©mon so I don't know we
might have to do that but this is a lot
of fun and Jenna's got more Pokemon than
me yeah alright sure we go yeah let's go
down there
yo everyone's fuckin playing this game
there are people everywhere we're at the
great wall of the valley it's like
that's at least that's what it's called
in Pokemon but it's got all these murals
it's actually right next to Valley
College la Valley College which is funny
because I used to play baseball there
there was a high school that we played
that always played there
so I've played baseball right there are
a number of times but now I'm doing more
important things
oh there's a gym right here
we found a secret entrance where we can
get more pokey stops so we're gonna go
over there now yeah it's like right up
there to the left you get it see if it
pops that up
we're not even on level five yet this is
legit like the coolest thing we've been
meeting people this is amazing oh my god
this is amazing
all right oh there's a goal bat when I
was saying is like it's amazing this
reminds me of like scavenger hunts you
do in high school and you've run around
town and
yeah there's somebody pokeballs pretty
smart way to get someone into their car
do just walk around looking for Pokemon
I'm already sweating when I level five
yet we're a little four so we keep
passing these gyms and we can't do
anything not that we would even win
let's hit these pokey stops yeah I got
an egg shit I love that van clouds fan
our game froze all right it's time to
pick a team his yellow blue and red bone
with yellow whenever you want so I chose
team yellow immediately try to battle
this Jim and got absolutely owned and I
am officially on board with Pokemon go
we picked up J we're getting Slurpees
Slurpees are really just a cover for us
going Pokemon hunting
we went out to go Pokemon I think but we
need fuel
oh my god you're all done like that but
look look at this what is this mess in
the middle that's disgusting Oh God
alright so we figured out how to throw
our own party at a poky stop we dropped
a module and then this guy pulled over
just in the middle of traffic and turn
on hazards to join it he like did not
even try to get out of the traffic we're
like so not even the only ones doing
this and it's ridiculous come to this
party dog
today's the day it's UFC 200 and we're
doing some housecleaning so we're
getting the house all nice and no order
they haven't done a deep-clean in a
while so naturally I put on some incense
this is day two and it's almost
completely healed your closer look a
single needle is awesome because I mean
it looks great and awesome and beautiful
but it also healed so fast and it's like
zero pain zero irritation I cannot
believe the first prelim is Jim Miller
versus talking right gummy that's just
insane the whole card is just stacked to
the gills so I'm very excited for UFC
200 we're gonna be consumed with that
for most of the night Mark's coming over
I think Jay might come over so here's
the living room
the kitchen's almost done we just gotta
do the floor load there did the bad
peaches like been tearing that bed up we
did this room we're gonna deep lean the
floor and Alex be vacuumed it cleaned up
the laundry room the gear acts looking
good sushi tights hung that up and
that's just my desk
I also took out like five giant boxes
from all the shit that we've got for the
yard this week took this little boy with
me and leveled up to level 10 cashed a
couple eggs but also check out the trash
it's taking over our freaking Lots like
so much more fun than I thought that I
would have so much more fun and I
thought I was gonna have a lot of fun by
like one of you guys tweeted at me a
vlog of mine from October of 2015 almost
a year ago like nine months ago some it
was me talking about Pokemon god that's
how excited I was so it's I would say
it's lived up to its full potential
although this incense is not living up
to its full potential I've seen zero
Pokemon and I've four-minute left of
incense what the actual alright just ran
out and got some liquor and drinks for
tonight
we got Jenna's favorite cider Magners
pear then we got some of the best
whiskey I've ever had I learned about it
in Tennessee it's called George Dickel
Tennessee whiskey and then of course we
have the delicious Firestone gluten free
IPA Sunday time it is it's so weird how
fucking beautiful it is every day I feel
so lucky
like I just spoiled it is Sunday we are
about to do a Sunday podcast which we
normally don't do we normally do it
either Friday Thursday Friday or
Saturday we're doing it Sunday this week
because we're gonna recap UFC 200 and I
came up with this game check this out I
came up with this game it's called can
we blame Jones and I basically wrote
like a whole list of things that
happened throughout UFC 200 and we're
gonna discuss if we could somehow find a
way to blame Jones for it that's what
we're gonna do we're gonna get gone on
this podcast and then I think later I'm
gonna shoot like a skit thing Jay and I
had this idea by the time you see this
vlog it's probably just gonna be close
to coming out or already have come out
it's a funny thing we came up with
because of the shit we've been doing
lately all the time should we've been
going to do lately we're gonna shoot I
think we're going to try to shoot this
kit this afternoon so we're gonna do the
podcast Jay's gonna come by we're gonna
go to a location somewhere and shoot
this thing because if I can't why not
why not shoot skits you know what I mean
Jay like basically wrote the whole thing
out because he's like an actual
all of that stuff we're gonna see what
happens so I'm excited to see how that
goes it could be funny a little creative
with it overall thoughts on UFC 200 it
was weird if you want to hear more of my
opinion just go to the podcast cuz it'll
be up is weird it was just it was very
weird I didn't expect after all that
hype for it to feel that anticlimactic
him weird not saying he was bad I'm just
weird
but it's also tough to live up to such
crazy hype the way they were pushing
that event just one of those things for
more on that go to the podcast I'm gonna
get to organizing shit for later on
today so it's not a complete fucking
mess what are you we just finished the
podcast it was fun it's also kind of
like reliving last night which is weird
so we talked about UFC 200 and how weird
it was it was a good time though and my
lady is wearing the cutest dress today
I'm sorry surveying the live good
stretch what is it have you get a mouse
yeah we gave this guy a bath Jenna give
him a bath he's so soft now I wish you
guys could feel them not about you Sam
peach don't just start on it Jesus makes
a thing thanks for watching guys I'll
see you tomorrow
