Pokemon go is taken the world by storm
but for millions of trainers the game
isn't just about the destination of
Pokemon greatness it's also about
collecting them all along the way
introducing uber go hey onsen I'm sorry
about that
I'm sorry I missed you there's a lot of
trainers out today so you've been
catching them all catching a lot of them
yeah putting putting them in your balls
how's the where's wait who said that
using our new blue Peugeot app trainers
to catch that elusive pokemon across
town without missing a single page
you're Atkins on the journey hold on
there's it okay except there's a car
there's a carcass of Pidgeotto I know
you're living in the pokey world but I'm
driving in the real one haha all riders
level up their Pokemon while riding it
comfort and style you like some water
uh I'm good whether you fight the team
instinct mystic or valor your uber go
driver is on your team oh my god oh okay
oh my god I can't stop there's police I
miss the Pikachu why do you think I
joined Team yellow look at me right now
what am i without a Pikachu a guy
wearing a lot of yellow ugly tea our
expert uber go drivers have a vast
knowledge of poking stops pok√©mon gyms
and even rare Pokemon locations we want
to avoid those streets what you got to
get more Pokemon - Pokemon are over
there
Oh so let's trap use this promo code for
a free Gore module with your first ride
stop okay okay the vehicle is nuts okay
he's he's catching that pig Cooper go
catch a ride to catch them all
