come on alright so we are just around
the corner from the shop lovely oh we
ran around the end corner wasn't that
out of the drivers in Culver City we're
gonna go meet Daniel winter who was my
tattoo artist and the tattoo was going
to be right here as I've told you and
it's going to be something to do with
clouds not sure what the final design is
going to be because he's gonna help me
come up with it by drawing it himself he
said it shouldn't take long he uses a
single needle so it's a very cool style
that he has we're almost earned let's go
do some permanent stuff to our bodies
what'd he say yeah we're a little early
for the tattoo so they're gonna hunt for
some Pokemon it's across the street you
see that oh he's right there oh I guess
alright so before we go get this tattoo
we both cock what do we catch I don't
know yeah I'm a cutter Pokemon alright
let's go get this thing
hey Daniel Julia nice to meet you Jeff
I'm gonna I mean I like I like the idea
of just some normal clouds so then you
want the line going through it
all right
so mean when you take the wrap off being
with battle so filter bacterial dial
burger and then be good to go
just dated oh by the way he just catchy
mom yeah this is
it turned out exactly exactly I one of
those perfect it's oculina and you guys
have no concept of time but that took
what 15 40 minutes leave my entire high
school career so I keep this on for 24
hours and then squash it take care of it
I'm just kind of blown away by that I
did it you really liked it I had no idea
I just said I want a cloud with a line
through it and he did exactly how I ever
hoped so I've been feeling I will
definitely be going back to him for more
eventually check his shit on Instagram I
think he posted my picture I like asked
for him to send it to me and he like
puts this perfect black of shelter on it
and it's it and sends this me stuff I'm
so proud of you you just like decided to
turn it
you just gotta use the julienne method
yeah sometimes you just gotta go do it
welcome you stop thinking about stuff
and you just do
welcome to the do side no I really love
it I'm happy that you like it - that
makes me really happy like it's not so
much yeah we're gonna go home and have a
weekend now but I wanted to make this
special video for you guys today because
it happened today so thank you for
watching thank you for your patience and
a couple of you guessed it you guessed
it was gonna be a cloud all right you
guys have an awesome day later
