I'm fine I'm fine I promise you I'm fine
promise you my hamster ad is not abusing
me and punching me in the face and
making me break out and giving my eyes
bloodshot and black eyes and thank you
for the concern on yesterday's vlog
about my face
there were many comments about my
well-being and your concern because I
had a bruise on my eye which I still
kind of do I think I'm breaking out a
little bit right now I hadn't put
eyedrops in so my eyes were a little
bloodshot I hadn't slept much my eating
hasn't been wonderful so my skin isn't
glowing let me just say first of all I'm
totally fine everything in my life is
good everything is a-okay healthy happy
great so first off thank you for your
concern I just thought it was funny I
saw so many comments and I got tweets
about it like and somebody would post in
an Instagram picture it was like a
screenshot of my fucked up face you guys
were worried but I'm okay the reality is
I'm incredibly overworked and that's my
own choice it's not a complaint hi this
is kind of how I prefer it right now but
the combination of editing and looking
at a screen like so much like 99% of my
days is looking at a screen especially
with this fat edit on my desk this week
which I have literally just finished
rendering it said look it's at fucking
97% exporting in a second it's almost
finished rendering I mean that feels
fucking good that's number one I'm
working it to the bump little bit right
now and what you see in terms of content
that I'm putting out is only the tip of
the iceberg we're doing a lot of stuff
that's really kind of stressing me out
but in in in it healthy ish we have a
lot of goals for wha school and I'm
going to do this real quick
there's only really one way to act and
one thing to do when opportunity
presents itself which it has from this
last year of mob school and it's really
great but you know it's it's wearing me
down at times and I think sometimes I
wear that on my face a little bit number
two I'm not sleeping enough between the
last minute trips the late-night twitch
streams the late-night edits I'm just
not sleeping enough and I'm not sleeping
well and I know I need to work on that
and that's something that you know after
this week after this edit is off my
plate and I can kind of relax
I'll get my sleeping schedule a little
bit more in hand and be able to kind of
deal with energy a little bit better and
the third thing is Jiu Jitsu beats my
ass like three or something times a week
I go training jiu-jitsu and often times
I get kind of bruised up from jujutsu
which is just the nature of the sport
and I love it but yeah I got kneed in
the face recently and there was a little
bit of a bruise there so that's what but
I'm fine I promise you everything every
bruise on my face I signed up for but
yeah I just really wanted to make a
video dress up because it was a little
little too large of a response to not
say anything I didn't really even think
anything of it when I uploaded her I did
it but I guess I see you now it looked
kind of fucking beat to hell in that
last vlog anyway like I've said 50,000
million times into your face just finish
with this but I want to show you this
cool gift that snake Chris and John got
me you know anything about me you'll
know I love pub G that rhymed and my
favourite item in the entire game just
purely based on how it looks is the
four-time scope I love the four-time
scope even just as an item stand alone
ha and I have talked to snake about it
he sent one to me this is a 4-time scope
I'm like so excited about this this is
like so cool it's it's legitimate it's a
legitimate one like it's heavy it's made
of glass it's like it's made for for use
you know with a gun or whatever I mean
obviously I don't have a gun but Louisa
I'm not crazy
so this is like one of the if not the
coolest like single standalone random
gift that I've ever received
I think it is just so cool to have and I
love it so this is my 4 x 4 x on me as
as we like to say so as soon as I export
this I'm going to
show it to Colin and then I'm gonna go
join Chris in his 24 hour stream because
he's playing pub G right now hi so Chris
is on our six five five he's not kidding
me he's not a couple yeah he's gone
cool stream we're gonna go play some
some games with him earlier tonight
though we went to the Jiu Jitsu
tournament and it was actually really
really dope there was like a pro event
would you look at that hmm one fell off
already
wait a minute yeah I know I'm an INT
yeah guys we put the Christmas tree up
well you gotta know quick let's drink
used to be over there but ad now lives
there so we just actually podcast it
while we decorated the Christmas tree
I got a menorah to celebrate Hanukkah it
officially feels like the holidays now
heals first we did and he didn't even
wrap it we got to see it without even it
being wrapped pretty fun stuff he's a
sweet guy shouts out to our landlord for
increasing our rent I just felt like I
needed to show this you know because
it's it's vlogmas and it's chrimbus and
I feel very festive yes we had to get a
new tree can that it sort of may or may
not misplaced a piece of Jenna's okay so
this has like fake snow on it truth is a
name for it anyway it got everywhere it
got all over my black sweater yeah it's
a very messy hopefully you enjoyed part
two of vlogmas on Tues jenna posted on
instagram by the way alert alert Jenna
literally posted a picture on Instagram
recently really quick I just wanna let
you know that Tuesday I'm going to be
streaming on Twitch twitch.tv such an
enjoyment as I play in a winter
Invitational Pub G tournament with Prive
so we're gonna be competing in the
tournament and I'm gonna be live
streaming it on Twitch so if you care to
watch that it is my first competitive
gaming experience ever and we're gonna
be streaming the whole thing okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna link our
twitch channel as well as Josh sort of
proof who is my partner so if you care
about watching you'll have all the
information but anyway
alright guys merry bloggers
yeah
