it's definitely you know it's definitely
heard like dead bandits
yeah she's so committed
it's time
Oh
the rest
a lot of Mike's Jenna's videos oh so I
just showed my mom Jenna's video is it a
highlighter charms thank you so much
thank you oh I think she waited I'm
feeling this one would strike a chord
with my mom you like him up I can't
believe how funny I can't believe how it
escalate yeah but it's really all the
way it's your delivery because the
absurdity of it needs that you know yeah
talk you need to be talked through it
it's amazing what do we got here it's
this so this this little orange thing
just came I was like how is it cut
already and my mom said they chewed it
for us they already chewed it it's ABC
orange pre-chewed ABC no but I can see
her teeth marks what's ABC
in the shoes so we just had a wonderful
lunch me and my mom showed her some of
Jenna's stuff and I think that was
really funny watching you watch Jenna
anyway we have a couple of errands to
run and what better time to run errands
then on a date with you Bob you make
your mom do everything huh
do everything that's home mom wanna take
down o green light sake me doing this my
favor do that because it was
yes thanks a lot okay
I realized yesterday that after we came
back from the ER I didn't get my ID so I
just had to retrieve that got it out to
you not more errands oh is it me no
really yeah well fuck this is another
Julian I think I'll work with us them so
the theme of today is all about
identifying Who I am
I went to pick up my driver's license
slash ID because I left it at the
hospital and now I'm going to the Social
Security office to get a new social
security card because I've misplaced
mine and I have no idea walking in here
and probably can't record but it's not
going to be interesting anyway alright
so I guess it was a little naive of us
to think we were just going to walk in
there and get this thing but there was
about an hour way time so we got our
ticket it's similar the DMV it's like
seats everywhere Cayla filled to the
brim and you get your ticket but then
they give you a coupon that says you
were now for you to hate your entire day
but we didn't take that coupon because
we welcome to America
I know it's pretty shitty in there so
we're waiting out here in this little
courtyard thing waiting for our number
to be called so I can have an identity
again because I still don't have an
identity I can have my identity stolen I
don't have it please don't steal my
identity you could be stealing your own
identity right now also if you're
wondering why I'm not out catching
pok√©mon while we wait this is fuckin
why what the hell Pokemon go we did it
we got my Social Security card I feel so
good right now I have an identity and
who I am
government knows where I am so we waited
in line and our line you know they have
like J 300 and then X 500 and they go up
individually by lines
ours was the fastest by far wait asses
we won we won the race and they call
their number of my mom was like all
right time to go get our Academy Award
we did we'd like to thank the Academy
and the Social Security foundation
so we are done with the bulk of the work
this week so we're ordering around
that's what we call it when we're like
tired
we're just loafing it's called uttering
around I didn't talk about it yesterday
because uh well trying to feel like it's
appropriate but today I'll tell you how
upset I am about John Jones not being in
this Saturday's giant fight I'm upset
from a fan's perspective of like I love
watching John Jones fight he's
incredible but I'm even more upset for
like Daniel Cormier the guy has a crazy
story he's been through way more shit
than anyone should ever go through and I
feel like he's kind of just getting
fucked because John Jones just doesn't
have a shit together fight aside like
just the stuff that John Jones has done
to cause waves outside of fighting has
really just fucked DC the most so I will
be upset not watching that fight by the
time this vlog is posted there probably
already will be a replacement fight
there were rumors of gustafson stepping
in there rumors of Anderson Silva
stepping in there were a couple rumors
hand Dana was denying most of them so
we'll see the replacement should be good
I'll still be watching it this weekend
to the Saturday mark my buddy mark on
mark laughs we'll be coming over on
Saturday because we have kind of a
tradition where we watch all the big
fights with mark about mark laughs
you'll notice that it no longer exists
and well the reason is uh I had to
private it because for his work he can
no longer really just be making YouTube
videos which I get if he ever changed
his careers mark laughs we'll be there
and you guys will be ready to laugh at
him laughing
but I had a nice time with my mom today
also didn't tell you but yesterday I had
a meeting as I was leaving the hospital
but the meeting was for arranging a meet
up this summer I'm in the process of
setting something up to have another
Meetup we've done a couple and I want to
do another so it will be fun and I'm
gonna get it set up and then let you
know all the details now for the dogs
each PG you want to go yeah especially
looking at camera okay got a fucking car
oh great hey my mom
in addition tomorrow guys is the tattoo
day it's already been a week since that
day that I was supposed to go initially
so tomorrow I'm getting the tattoo I'll
bring y'all with me it'll be fun didn't
intend it in it dinner noon and it that
snapchat filter is like well it's just
obnoxious
I'm trying to master the one hand zoom
why are they working I have to say I
really did not enjoy missing jujitsu
today just kind of fucked with my head
when I don't get to train but I have to
let this heal because literally gripping
something is the worst thing for this I
need like at least a couple days I think
by Monday I should be good to go I want
to reopen this I think we're gonna
really just like kick it tonight like
hardcore like this week we've been
dragging just because the fourth of July
weekend like bleeding into the week was
a lot like I was on a treadmill this
week so thank you guys for watching hope
you guys have an awesome weekend bye
