as I cut myself out fucking see that's
the carnage that's fucking nasty it
squirted because basically what happened
is I was guys know restricted like you
know basically I was trying to open that
but there was a blade from my safety
razor stuck to the bottom of it so as I
turned it sliced my finger up and then
I'm holding it look up at joking oh my
god I'm not even joking like that
happened like I twisted it sprayed the
blood just sprayed it cuz I twist it oh
my god oh look at that it's disgusting
oh you really think just keep pressure
on it because of you if you go to the
hospital they're gonna squirt it with
that water and talk do you not want to
go to the hospital well I mean and try
running it under water it's gonna
fucking kill Oh baby
the real question is how I'm gonna stop
out my hair sorry okay it's just like
the blades for this I just leave them
laying around like a fucking idiot cuz
nothing has ever happened and now
something has happened so
well I mean I would say it's not your
fault but it's kind of your fault I want
to put a bandaid on no no no okay first
you need to wash it out I ran it under
the water no you did it it's just gonna
bleed everywhere find you way don't you
so I just ran here should I do it
they're gonna clean it out with that
painful little thing until you want a
fucking jump off a building so and then
decide if you need stitches or not
that's how it works you know it is but
that like if you put a bandaid on it
you're just gonna bleed through it let's
see it oh you got okay
just beep you know you gotta do it I
don't I don't I don't I mean I'm not a
doctor but my fingers like slicing her
why are you having I'm sorry I I know
I'm so sorry babe just you really this
is graphic I'm just marking angry than
anything because you're trying to have
lunch right now yeah want to have sushi
in like can I change
jujitsu tomorrow is this going to stop
me like what the fuck man so I just do
this into a blood like kind of subsides
a little better baby I'm not a doctor
doctor job
Hey oh man
hell yeah they do a pretty decent job
but let's finish it let's finish it up
this is Julian's stage of being hurt now
he's in the anger face it's just a
inconvenience more than anything you
really wanted sushi for lunch hey girl
you got a pussy girl you got some
stitches though keep it up up your heart
it doesn't need to be that high just
like up with your shoulders good yes
Julian do you have a question the whole
wanna go to Denmark real quick to get
these stitches Switzerland you didn't
even bring your insurance cards gonna
have it I lost it meet me meet me me me
do you need Jesus oh thank you
why are you laughing cuz you just held
the door for me
to change your diet
that's poor Julie should I just need
dermal glue basically for your skin not
all these issues
yes first issue so make sense yeah
you're gonna clean it out so excited
it's gonna hurt though the cleaning
fluid abarth loving you baby girl
another shot for stitches
she gave me gauze this is a paper towel
she was making out of my tape job
don't McCrory start doing while before
you'll see when it's all fixed I just
sprayed them with some saline solution
the your irrigated that you gave it it's
irrigated now it's ready to grow corn
hey
so now they said that they're gonna
dermabond you which is like super glue
for your skin yep they glued it back
together you just glue this little
finger together got a tetanus shot too
damn that was fast she did that one fast
huh good Pro all right spits the toilet
you acne so Lomita genetic yeah they're
getting Julie in an EKG right now why
did I ask her why no he's kidding
yes she was like oh I'm sorry I love you
ain't shit man
yeah neither Wow
what good caf-pow good good cat
this hospital is amazing they were just
really great they glued my finger back
together with something called dermabond
which is I don't need stitches but if
you would stitch the tip of a finger
like would that have really been
effective would have made it extra janky
yeah yeah so I just got to be really
careful with this for like five days no
Jiu Jitsu tomorrow thank you for coming
with me taking care of me now I'm going
to go be a little late to sushi
certainly he comes because I'm coming
through kind of bad like it squirted all
over the wall
I gotta go eat sushi but all good
all right so we're now at lush my
fingers doing love we are at lush to get
video supplies for today's Virginia
believe it or not we actually need to go
here for the video not just for
ourselves but this place is one of the
most aesthetically pleasing
I love color like this it's just like so
nice to look at I want to like I want to
get everything but then I don't care
what it is it's like fat stuff but if
there was anything else I would buy
everything all right so I downloaded
Pokemon go just like everyone else right
now except we're in a car so we're going
way too fast to catch any Pokemon
anytime I see a Pokemon we toss it off
the wait till we get to where we're
going
also they wouldn't let me make myself
with yellow hair I had to use blue hair
and then I have like yellow everything
else but we're gonna go to Staples now
because we have the glitter bath stuff
now we just need fuck ton of
highlighters but cuz Jenna's trowing not
really though I mean a little bit but I
mean am I trying to beauty communion no
no no it's it's completely respectful
it's just goofy but it's funny
and there's we're about to get a lot of
Julianne shaded colors so we're gonna
use some of the highlighters as actual
highlighters but we're also going to use
some to build like items accessories if
you will I just want to catch like one
Pokemon maybe there's Pokemon at Staples
huh Jamie you got to get on Pokemon go I
it's dope but it really forces you to
like leave your house and I'm not about
that
I am NOT about that life just kidding we
should go Pokemon that thing isn't it
dangerous if you run into the street
cops have issued warnings today saying I
think Phil DeFranco was talking about
like basically like look away from your
pokedex when you're crossing a street
Hey look up from your phone yeah but
it's a really tough happened apparently
like everyone downloaded it today
there's no Pokemon staples all right
guys you're back home hit some dinner
but I wanted to update you on this so
you see that line that's where it's
sliced so basically my my finger was
trying to open the jar and attached to
the jaws of razor blade so I sliced it
in like a circular motion which is a
kind of nasty thing about there was
blood like you saw it the blood
literally squirted and it made a sound
it was like it was pretty nice yeah I've
never felt anything like it
but it's all better and I'm happy that I
didn't need stitches I'm happy that I
got to get it clean and fixed and I also
got a tetanus shot feeling okay I am
gonna work on this vlog for a bit what
are you doing what are you are you
looking for mommy's not here he's a
funny little guy yeah Wow snorting Pig
story
they've been a lot more like properly
tired at night because of all the
outside time we've given them all so
guys check this shit out so yesterday we
found this wasp that was building a nest
right outside our kitchen door to the
back yard and he just kept going to the
nest and back somewhere else and so I
time-lapsed it and this is what we saw
like right here you can watch him build
the nest over the course of like I think
it was like two and a half hours he
builds this like hole you can see and
then he like goes into there but we
obviously took action and I started
spraying it so it should be gone in a
couple days but um it's very interesting
Jenna's had this idea to time-lapse it
and I was like holy shit that's great
idea
