we got the second umbrella now we can
sit over there pollen us calm down
it is Sunday July 3rd and we are out
here summering our face off in the name
of freedom and now we have our new
umbrella over there so we can sit over
there too when it's sunny waters working
we're charging those solar lanterns we
have a friend coming over a little bit
so that's exciting
I'll let you guys see who that friend is
when he gets here thank you guys will
like it happy America day look at Jenna
she's celebrating America properly oh
don't go away I'm trying to dogs water
way that America BOTS
I was just telling Jenna like how how
did we do this in two days like how like
well I'm trying to like understand how
we just completely did this like it was
no big deal and I think he came down to
the fact that we use the Julian method
of not planning anything and just doing
it we did cuz when I try and plan
something I think about it too and then
it overwhelms you and you don't do it
guys real quick that fresh content right
there make some popsicles can you just
use apple juice or something
you're not thinking creatively are you
celebrating oh this is not the right way
there we go ma boo are you celebrating
America nice bowtie hug lady
alright so we're gonna make some
popsicles fish pops I picked these out
because I think they look really cool in
here these moles look how weird this is
how weird is that that's like the
creepiest looking thing ever but the
molds are right there so we don't have
anything else really besides apple juice
so we're going to fill these up with
apple juice I'm gonna wash it out first
and we're gonna freeze them and have
some fish pops guys just so you're all
clear
this is not a toy yeah
Green for st. Patrick's Day Julian what
is that I just put a little
oh why alright let's now see on a green
popsicle of apple juice I think I
supposed to fill it up that high that's
the fill line it says come on Bob Kermit
come on we can hang out outside in the
backyard honey Carmy you don't even
really like that here we go come on good
boy mess your rap is miss did maybe you
will Regis
oh my god Jenny you filled him up too
high all the things so cute all right
back off how long did I need a priest
for like four hours then I don't know
what is this is this vegan spare rib uh
spare ribs not vegan I'm on time you
feelin it says be fuckin patient hours
oh here she comes
she's I'm trying to find the dogs all
day their first it is not fresh content
they want
happy fourth of July you know how these
popsicles turned out oh hey oh yeah it's
sort of cool I mean it's not as dank as
that but I mean it's not horrible
pretty nice tastes like apple juice cool
well they will we have fun last night
got to see Bret which is really nice and
then Jay and Fitz stopped by and we
realized at like midnight that we've
been drinking all day so we got really
exhausted now it's the next day but it's
the fourth of July even though we've
been celebrating already so I am just
sitting here right now having a beer and
watching promos for UFC 200 which is
this coming Saturday and there's no
words about how excited I am everyone's
fucking excited so I'm just watching
some stuff getting myself all typed up
but we are gonna go to heats fourth of
July barbecue all the people we've been
hanging out with recently everyone we
basically met at VidCon at the vine
events they're all going to be there
that was the ice melting we have a
cooler full of beers that we remembering
beer reinforcements squad and hopefully
there's me some fireworks so we are
going to this antique mall because we
want to get a couple more things for the
yard and we figured a good place to
decorate from is a like a true aunty
so that's where we are really excited
don't think of into an antique law
before
this is what my grandpa used to smoke
pipe like
that's nice always call that one my land
cuz he looks like Marlon look evil oh
yeah this is a classic of bug's life
fuck yeah I really want like everything
in this whole entire case but I can't
get everything so what are you do now is
I need to focus on what I want so that
when they come over to open it I'm not
just standing here like give me every so
I gotta sit here and um focus on what I
want I think I want to get a couple pins
definitely a tie clip which is not
really cool here's my new vlogging
camera yes like what if we made like a
little display of that rainbow that'd be
really cool so um we're gonna get a
handful of things and take it home to
that great and I also got it's really
cold camera I might actually try to get
some film for it see if it still works
does this used to make moonshine that's
crazy
yeah rip you son
let's just show the vlog the new
additions here over here we got the
miniature bench which is adorable
and put the little piggy on it and down
here we have the ducky I like Richard
for him we think that and over here we
have a sprinkler vintage little
sprinkler cool what is this called again
dude do we remember what it's called
this material it looks like it's
Superman's house kryptonite
yeah anyway that's candle holder which
is really cool oh yeah so Jenna got
these awesome coasters that we found and
those are adorable Jenna just hung those
up thanks babe
over there we have the dog water balls
because they're so needy all the time
got like an old wheel kind of cool we
have this Lantern which we want to put
some kerosene in and you know light it
up and then got that yeah so this is
kind of like the additions but we're
about to eat some dinner about have some
noodles and that's a dog that we found
today dog what are you doing dog yeah
let's watch it a little better at night
for sure that's good yeah at night it
supposedly lights up the whole thing I
just posted the vlog where I shut off
the backyard for the first time you guys
are being really nice and saying it
looks dope you want to come hang out
thanks for being nice guys
