oh good morning guys we just had dinner
and this is not my normal vlogging
camera hopefully it looks good I'm
replacing vlog e with a new smaller
camera so that's this
there's no mic on it now but the
internal mic is front-facing which
should make a difference we had the most
delicious pizza for dinner like the most
delicious pizza the most delicious
it was really good I'm blog today but
I've an exciting day tomorrow I'm
getting a tattoo mom so you guys will
see that in this vlog although it won't
be tomorrow for you it'll be like just
five minutes later tonight I think we're
going to go to Bed Bath & Beyond and
we're going to be on that up we're gonna
go get some stuff for the house we're
gonna make a quick pit stop at Best Buy
you guys see how much we go it's a
freaking problem but I want to get a
little strapped for my camera by the way
the camera is the a 6300 or Sony it's
amazing I can make a whole dedicated
video to my little new mini issue of
logging set up later but it's awesome
because it's compact very much like my
other camera it's got a front facing mic
and all of my lenses work with it so
that means I don't want to drop it so
that means I'm gonna get a wrist strap
thank you okay are you oh I'm good
thanks
no go on the wrist strap so we're living
on the edge for a little while longer
sometimes you need something really
obscure like a small tiny wrist strap
it's impossible fine I the feeling I'm
not gonna have any luck finding this
thing anywhere so I might just ordered
online
I can't wait too long because this thing
is going to it's going to drop I know it
anyway gonna go to Bed Bath & Beyond to
be an adult is fuck right now there's
this restaurant up ahead right there and
it reminds me of the drink cactus cooler
and now I really want cactus cooler
really bad reminds me of cactus taqueria
number four Wow
fam all right so we got this camera
we're looking for candle warmer but I
got this candle and it says flower
garden and I mean it smells like flowery
or whatever but I'm getting it for the
color look how cool this color is I love
this color it's like almost a neon pink
candle warmer pots and pans towel rack
and let's bounce no I can't
we're talking about our marbles entire
existence is just them sitting in the
living room staring off marble you enjoy
anything in life anyway we're back from
our little adult trip and I have some
work to do the work is cleaning up the
filth on rocket League me and Jay are
gonna get on some games right now and
hopefully run the show run the show run
the show run the show Jay I'm waiting
for you that's my car you guys like that
car it's got some julienne yellow on it
so tonight I have an interesting task or
I might do it tomorrow morning but I'm
going to shave my entire form because
that's where I'm getting my tattoo like
right there on the side of my wrist but
I think you're not just going to shave
that spot I might as well shave my whole
forum you know I used to shave my forms
when I played baseball in the comments
below make fun of me I did it because I
taped my wrist every single game in
practice and it would always rip off the
hair and so
I'm just going to shave the spy you just
shave your arms also when you play
baseball your forms are jacked so it
looks fucking dope but I don't do that
anymore I'm just going to do it tomorrow
and then playing permanent ink on my
body
guys look what came in the mail today
hell yeah
go get this shit it's dope as fuck I
already started it alright guys you want
to go for a walk want to go for a
morning walk okay let's go for a walk
guys we're going for a walk it's the day
it's the tattoo day I'm very excited we
are up but I wanted to show you I found
this in our video game little area it's
a Wii mote strap yay
but considering I'm going to use this
camera like every single day and we use
the Wii like never
days like this is kind of perfect so I
don't think I'll need to buy one it's
just it's really dirty and old but
fucking if we play the Wii mote that's
already a problem
did we win match any of your numbers to
the winning number win that prize
uncover a double money symbol to
automatically win that prize uncover a
two times symbol to automatically win
double that prize hey we won two dollars
oh yeah honor would you win my
scratch-off I won two bucks yeah well
I'm a $2 richer thank you to Shane
Dawson so we're gonna head out and like
just maybe an hour two hours closer to
two hours to go get the tattoo we're
going to Culver City get that done I'm
really really excited I think it's gonna
be really dope I'll show you what I'm
getting when I get to the shop I'm gonna
put it off as long as possible
check this out my baby forums are all
shaved I did both because I figured it
would look pretty insanely ridiculous to
just shave one so I shaved both forums
and I'm ready to
tattoo done and the Wiimote strap guys
is working swimmingly so I'm glad I
thought of that but when I was what I
was saying earlier you know what I'm
gonna switch over to this real quick
what I was saying earlier is this new
camera my a 6300 it's an email camera so
it has the ability to work with every
lens that I ever get for my a7s which is
amazing can look pretty ridiculous
because you're putting this lens on that
tiny body the camera is capable of
shooting really dumb shit but it's going
to look hilarious so I think I might
shoot on the G master um for the tattoo
day Jenna's gonna help me shoot it which
I'm pretty pumped about so right back to
the other volume camera I'm not nervous
at all I'm like really excited I've had
one tattoo you guys have seen that it's
on my rib so I'm hoping this one hurts a
lot less and you know it's funny is this
part of my wrist I don't really see so
I'm not gonna see it too much really
quick
as of today by the time this vlog is
live I will have posted my Mike's Hard
Lemonade project on my Instagram so if
you have not seen it go over to my
Instagram and check it out let me know
what you think maybe show us some love
if you like it and I'm proud I'm proud
of it it was it was a cool project and I
want to do more more videos like that I
want to produce things that I can do for
brands that are like external myself I
think that's a cool idea and it's
something I really want to do so I want
to show you something though for those
who did watch the video you'll notice
like I did my best to line up the bottle
on every shot so it looks like it's the
same bottle and here's how I did it
here's the camera I used right this is
my sony a7s right i use this lens and
the g master for this project but if you
notice I put a piece of plastic on top
of the viewfinder and I drew like a
bottle but can you see that that's like
a miniature bottle outline so what I did
was I basically framed up the bottle in
the shot every single time around this
drawing and I was able to pretty much
nail it with the placement so if you're
ever doing a similar project it's a very
helpful tool to put a piece of plastic
like draw outline if you're if you're
filming someone walking or a scene and
you want to look like they're walking
many scenes maybe draw the scene the
street or their body on the viewfinder
so to zalaya the tattoos not happening
anymore uh I got canceled on the artist
had to reschedule some stuff came up
so no tattoo today but we rescheduled
for next week and I'm confident we'll do
it then I guess I'll just have to shave
my arms once again next week something
funny I was laughing it fits tweet me
yeah I'm pretty gutted I'm upset cuz I
really wanted to go do it today um but
you know things happen so I understand
or you shaved your arms for nothing
shame arms for nothing now you know how
I feel when you're like shave my legs
for those miserable yeah he had some
family stuff come up so he had to leave
the shop which totally no fault of his
at all but anyway so now we're year for
the day we're not leaving tonight we're
going to Aaron Gilroy's birthday party
she's among the vine crew and she's
really awesome and all the people that
we hung out with the VidCon of the vine
spot were really awesome so we're gonna
see all in tonight which I'm really
excited for it's like a bowling alley
but I just realized how hungry I was I
was like ignoring my hunger because I
was like excited for this thing and now
it's like a whole rush of hunger came
over me
I'm sorry guys sorry for the letdown in
the build-up but the tattoos come in
next week Jenna's showing me another
tweet this is why my friends don't
understand what we do for a living
because they tweet like this Jackie girl
I'm looking at you what is this mess too
many hashtags mess we're making funny
we're putting you on the spot Jackie
girl alright shake it off we'll get the
tattoo next week my arms not going
anywhere
knock on wood ship what do you want for
lunch babe yeah well we've been having
pasta bean salad for lunch like every
day and it's the most incredible lunch
it's just like pasta kidney beans black
beans lemon garlic pepper and some
nutritional yeast and it's fucking
amazing so we might make that right now
all right so we're making the pasta and
bean salad
we are the pasta kidney beans and black
beans and we got a little sauce which is
apple cider vinegar garlic and what is
this parsley babe parsley then we got
some cut-up bell pepper and cherry
tomatoes and then we have some
nutritional yeast to put on top this has
been like our favorite lunched all week
so we basically cook the pasta throw
everything else in there season it
fucking eat it we did hot even though
it's supposed to be eaten cold water is
boiling so I'm going to finish this
lunch show you what it looks like and
tastes like so you guys can see it and
then I think we are going to podcast
today we have a cool idea for a podcast
that we found this week so we're going
to do that today we're gonna do it
earlier because we can now and then
tonight like I said we're going to go
out but I want to get this vlog up for
you so once lunch is done
I'll tease you with my food and then
upload it's times like these that I need
to remember that at one point in time
autographed a piece of paper for you
yeah look at this done hey I'm a up man
so no this way the best part is I was a
long time yeah this is Julian's bathroom
Hall of Fame hey lmao Justin Cooper you
are cool
I love this bathroom so much and Triple
H can't forget Triple H on a portrait of
me look at the goodies Oh
so the pastas all done now we just add
all the beans and all the Reds cookies
yellow yeah I think it was meant to be
like a cold pasta I know it's really
good hot yeah we like eating it hot all
right then we add this little makeshift
dressing there's no fat in this recipe
it was supposed to be a lemon juice so
we're trying apple cider vinegar and
then mad yeast no yeast she's ever
enough yay it's little salt and pepper
yeah a little some pepper and it is
delicious some cheese on oh there cheese
that's right you want to grab that yes
yay so the way you measure this cheese
is actually a really intricate process
Julia now there's that is right I forgot
about the cheese so if you're on a zero
fat diet no cheese for you give it a
little pep yeah
fresh pasta content right there fresh
yes don't fast day gasps pasta content
well there you guys go
that's my tattoo let's log oh but you
know what it ended in pasta and if
anything ends in pasta it's a good thing
it's chair right yeah all right you guys
have a good weekend thanks for watching
I'm sorry you ain't get your tattoo you
shaved your arms for nothing all the
shaving of the arms for nothing
oh oh flex your arm again damn oh my god
what is that Wow hi
