remember morning work you had no soap
guys so right now I am in the office
taking care of some stuff
I'm actually kind of unpacking from
shooting yesterday I had a whole
backpack let me show you I had a
backpack full of supplies this is the
product as my car lemonade and then my
lens is right here and my ND filter was
right there and my Mophie of course I
just finished the Edit the idea for me
on this video wasn't to do just a normal
sponsorship as you guys have seen on
plenty of other people's instagrams I
wanted to create something cool that I
could utilize my skills in terms of
behind the camera stuff for rather than
say writing a skit or posing with a
product in a picture I wanted to do
something completely different as to
where you didn't even know it was me did
it's just something that looks cool that
was the idea for so hey not even gonna
say hi I'm sorry guys excuse her that's
where those go right there
here and here and here fresh content
fuck you
Jenna's shit ain't her video she's just
touching up yeah I'll get out of your
hair get out of your little braided hair
oh boy I'll break your head can't you
can't speaking of speaking of hair
you can't braid it it's too short
should she braids my hair
what are they oh I gotta go upstairs I
was going upstairs anyway that was way
too many instructions I definitely won't
find it
I gotta fucking find some rubber bands
now I guess oh that was easy
she's doing one braid so seven rubber
bands should be good all right I got the
rubber bands I guess Jenna's gonna braid
my hair I was gonna do a little workout
I really have been meaning to get myself
to do more lifting lately I'm like
completely out of the loop when it comes
to getting into lip out lifting routine
but I need to be doing more of it so I
think I might do a little workout today
but I guess Jenna wants to do my hair so
I can't you gotta like this is too high
so give me a different chair
tip your head back hoof it my dog tip it
oh my god I'm tipping it what do you
think I'm doing
oh my god all the way I'm gonna shower
in a sec why am i breathing it that you
wanted to do this my hair is disgusting
I have to work out and then shower what
if I do two grades what is it gonna look
like braids braids
don't yell into my friend are you to do
whatever you got to do your the expert
do you ever look at someone's face
upside down and then picture their chin
being their nose oh yes - sure I got you
- don't it don't hurt my hair I'll do my
best no guarantees hello you already
guaranteed it it was on camera you found
it boy
you're being so mean cuz you're here I'm
very good at braiding but I try my best
no see for effort oh don't eat it off on
me stop it hurts so bad oh it doesn't
come on little girls can do this
literally alright give me a haircut fuck
laughing alright see before you start
the next one I just was oh okay in the
reflection of my um filter oh yeah
pretty lit BAM
good job are we good we're all set sure
but you can do the second one oh I can
do the second one
proceed tip your head out like that ah
sit this way so I can genna's ratchets
Allah stop I didn't even do anything I
just said the name have to tip your head
back okay God how long have you been
doing here all my life honey
oh no I was born a hairdresser I came
out of my mother's womb with a pair of
scissors and she was like oh my god that
girl's gotta cut hair sounds incredibly
painful for your mother yeah she dealt
with it
alright tip your head up stop fucking
around we're awesome in a pull tighter
please don't
well how many months are you booking
Ruby I'm not moving it on standing uh
please help Wow
you're like a newborn baby
not a newborn baby oh and I was trying
to be lenient on your little baby infant
scalp attendants Calvin's a normal scalp
I'm hot now make sure you wash my tears
Dunkel up like some spray to keep that
down dad this piece doesn't want to be
on the team hmm is it lit miss it is it
lit yeah go look at it
Juliet not bad
you did good how do you do that it
fucking hurts okay how do you do that to
yourself
anyway how much do I owe you
Jenna's rash and so on $70 it was not
angry text so you're saying I can pay
you more than 70 and I would be on yeah
at least I'm not gonna tell you what to
tip me but at least $240 so it's a three
hundred and ten dollars please
another 70 there's a line we notify yo
hurry up you don't get to leave if you
don't pay it's like a doctor's office
we're gonna hold you here boy I guess I
have bread now oh now that I'm braided
I'll be going upstairs to do a little
miniature home workout boom probably she
can do something short and sweet just to
get a nice little miniature pump because
I'm trying to work my way back
I'm toast my goal is to two days a week
do some sort of strength work because
this whole going months and months
without picking up a weight thing it's
not working it needs to be fixed I don't
know if I've said this before I probably
have but my favourite thing about having
my own little miniature gym at home is
doing exactly what I hate when people do
with the real gym make a fucking mess
these are gonna pick all those winds up
because you're finished
oh why no I'm not all right I'm gonna
take a shower now you guys stay out here
while I shower but I haven't really
given my hair a thorough washing since
I've colored it I did a light wash like
two days after I got it done because I
was so sweaty but I didn't really scrub
it or clean it so I expect after this
shower I will have a little bit more of
a faded color in my hair so I'll be
right back
once I'm all clean
a little bit lighter I think it's a
little bit lighter but it's clean
nonetheless so you wait for daddy shower
you're so cute you just wait huh
don't be with that be my sweetest
lowlife companion in your room we should
dye your hair yellow lady what is on
your nose why did you sniff is that
she's like now I want to keep it
wrapper or something you weird and nosy
literally you nosy we're cooking dinner
what cooking dinner vegetable pilaf
which is a fancy way of saying rice is
fuck right so we got so far onions
mushrooms lentils pepper spices stock
pot top bot dogs 4.2 ounces of rice
white rice of course we don't fuck with
brown rice brown rice is the worst don't
eat brown rice guys why don't you to
explain to them why brown rice has
something called phytic acid in it and
it's way too high in fiber to even
digest so everyone who ever tells you
why don't you have brown rice it's
better for you is basically thinking
along the lines of you getting nutrients
from rice you should never be looking
for your nutrients in rice just have
white rice it's easier to digest the
fiber level and the fighting acid is too
difficult to break down so your body
doesn't even absorb the nutrients in the
end so you're just eating rice that
tastes less good thinking you're getting
healthier benefits or whatever just eat
white rice it tastes delicious and you
get your nutrients from other ways
reverend eyes when you like
not eat brown rice and white rice and
like no yeah but I mean you're not wrong
I'm never eating rice because it's
nutrient dense exactly but there's a lot
of literature on this that I've looked
into for a lot of years so you guys are
curious I'll send it your way but yeah
yeah and I always tell people like when
we rich poly they're like oh I'm being
healthy I'm gonna get brown rice I'm
like are you being healthy it's just my
preference but of course you got the
white rice all right now all right one
of my favorite things about eating a lot
more plant-based having a lot more
vegetables is look how colorful our
meals are check this out this isn't even
one of the more colors well look at all
that color I know like the paia
like there's so many really colorful
nails that it's like bullshit we're
eating a rainbow
well here is the vegetable pilaf is
complete don't eat me excited yeah for
you though alright I'll take a bite for
the rod and then you guys get the fuck
up no hearing first happy peel off my
happy PU off night I'll show web really
good now's the part where we eat and I
say goodbye thanks for watching the vlog
bye blog you later
see you tomorrow
