what's up guys so uh today was an
interesting day because I shot something
down by the water the beach Mike's Hard
Lemonade approached me to do something
so I made a video for them which is
gonna be on my Instagram that's what you
guys will see it and I want to have a
lot of fun with this video so basically
I wanted to get all these really cool
time lapses and shots and put them all
together for one cool cohesive concept
of a video which I hope turns out well I
haven't sat down to put them all
together yet I got my buddy Brandon or
bureaucratic to make the track for it
anyway that took me all day long
took care of a couple of things when we
were back home but I just came down here
and I did this for for so hours I'm not
going to complain though because coming
out to this area of town it was just so
fucking beautiful I know it looks super
overcast but there were pockets of those
clouds that were clearing up for the
sunlight to go through which was so
awesome beautiful I now just finished my
last shot and everything's packed up so
I am heading back to my car and
hopefully it won't be too much traffic
getting back over the hill I literally
haven't been to the beach in so fucking
long
and one thing I don't miss is the sand
there was some sand that got in like my
tripod and might have fucked it up so
I'm really hoping I can fix that so
aside from the sand it was nice to
revisit the beach cuz I really do miss
the beach forgot to mention that while I
was out by the water
I spotted entire pod of dolphins that
was swimming which super close by maybe
the very young
my Gulf Shore is crazy and I got a
couple shots of him
I don't know how they turned out I guess
you can kind of see it's pretty it's
pretty beautiful but there was a lot of
them I missed most of them because I
started filming a little too late but I
was like standing there shooting
something of really different and this
guy who had been on the phone for like
20 minutes just talking really loudly I
could hear everything he was talking
about on the phone so he's like oh shit
I just found a huge pot of dolphins so I
look cuz I'm like forced to eavesdrop
and they're they're worse that was
definitely really cool don't see
dolphins every day hi Santa Monica funny
story about this place right over here
it's called the shangri-la hotel in high
school I snuck in there with a friend of
mine and we were like 17 or 18 took the
elevator we walked in there took the
elevator up just kind of exploring and
it took us to the rooftop bar and we
went to the rooftop bar and just acted
like we were supposed to be there and we
didn't get kicked out we just couldn't
order alcohol but shangri-la it has a
beautiful view so you could see like
everything choose that fun long to get a
fun little night walk right on the leash
and house
we just went on a little night walk and
we're going to get to bed soon normally
I would just like leave the camera down
here but tonight I'll take you upstairs
there was like a surprising amount of
cockroaches out on that walk to that
it's crazy they were like in every crack
of the sidewalk and well time for the
bedtime routine I'm going to fill up
some water for the night every night as
we go to bed
peachy we'll take out like a nice big
bite of food cuz she hasn't got enough
for me so - ah that's disgusting we'll
let them outside every night they go do
the business we shut the door and as
where everyone's going upstairs peach is
always hanging back for another bite of
food she's just like her daddy she loves
full got our water for the night I'm
running upstairs to the bedroom actually
first I have to set the thermostat
that's weakness hey girl you got a pussy
though hey girl
yeah it's neither the ACS on cuz it's so
hot I don't you don't like sweating - no
peach again a little night night snack
huh I was having the night snack and I
take all our stuff say you guys want to
go yeah you guys want to go to bed Kichi
oh that and as we enter the room the
lights are always off from the night
previous so we have to go on our phone
and turn it on there you go like just
mom plug my phone in right by the bed
Miche normally
sit to wing for a little boyfriend mr.
models and that's where we watch TV at
night yeah peachy mr. models have a
little date night every night in bed and
now is where I brush my teeth wash my
face and bloom our little living room
your date is leaving normally I have to
help little guy up to bed clean sheets
are a nice thing the last piece of
making the bed throw pillows think of a
more useless thing ever
why does this look here because the
dollar you work for be so the beds made
because we got a nice fresh sheets and
marbles is he normally gets a little
busy with this toy his boyfriend
well peach crease and then eventually
she'll work her way into the mix and
some sort of weird creepy threesome
crapped on the bathroom and off to Tibet
you don't want to give it to her do you
right as we're getting ready for bed
there's always a couple things you
forget downstairs like always this is
what you forgot tonight all right and
what's nice is we don't have to manually
shut off all the lights out there as we
just do it on our phones because we have
those live highlights three we love this
weird three-way Lopez going on
peach kisses marble marble kisses Kermit
Kermit kisses no one I'm gonna kiss
mommy though yeah kind of this long yeah
we do get your kisses eventually
meanwhile no one gives me kisses all
right well that's our bedtime routine if
you will
should we start a sunset all right we're
probably gonna watch the next episode of
American Ninja Warrior while you go to
bed but uh thank you guys for hamper the
vlog today Oh would you look at that the
sun's setting time to go to bed I know
what's going on I'll fix it okay
Facebook - I see you guys tomorrow night
