all right so we stopped in Starbucks to
get some coffee and it's like 95 right
now and sorry and Starbucks is
absolutely packed because of AC I think
like you can see behind me everyone's in
Starbucks the perfect spot to be so
we're over here get some coffee and
we're going to get some supplements it's
a matter of like all my supplements so I
can show you what I take every day yeah
this is pretty crazy
like slamming nobody's
large overs person infadoos will pan out
Jenna have a great recipe so I was
charged stat
I got a daily Raw supplement for men
which I don't have them Franco six steps
in and then I got this pre-workout I'm
still going to make my own pre-workout
but this is for the meantime to like get
me through my workouts and shit I wanted
to get Z ma z ma is something I take
every single night zinc magnesium
vitamin b6 I take it every single night
except I recently discovered that the
capsules have gelatin and so I didn't
buy it today so I gotta find a zma with
no gelatin which is what I probably will
go do online when I get home but I
normally have a bigger supplement haul
when I go to vitamin shop and whatnot
but I was two down they kind of let me
down today and also I've changed a
couple things up I'm trying out that raw
one supplement and I normally have
either fish or krill oil
like as a fish fish oil supplement we'll
see I'm gonna see what I can find online
but that's all I have for today
and as I said before I'm going to like
make my own pre-workout by using my own
ingredients and buying it in bulk which
is crazy cheap now we're gonna go to
Best Buy
because that's like our house it's not a
beat oh my god the lights are in green
right as I start to fucking blog
goddammit ah alright so we've turned
this trip out for a couple things into a
trip out for a couple more things we
found this vegan sour cream the other
day and it's like lid is fucked so we're
on a quest to find it because what we're
going to do is we're gonna order to pull
a and then add our own sour cream like
specials but we stopped the best bike
out we needed stopped at Gelson's gah we
needed and now we're going to hoof it
and it's still an ounce 99 wealth is
where Whole Foods now running it some
fucking special cream sour super sour
super special super creamy get a basket
oh hell yeah girl
I'll get the audience this one's good
we'll get the cheesecake
man up read the thing I might have just
came up with my first song on named
air/fuel - album it's called morbid
conversations are the best ones that
have with your neighbors this is why I
said to get a basket got it we should
get like five of them because they don't
go bad right should've got a basket
Shirley got a basket I think someone's
hungry she's like let's go or Richa Poli
in the car by the time it gets home
we'll be helped with our sour cream
everything is delicious here I want to
buy everything natural Donna stop yeah
what hi hi how are you yeah one would be
great thank you so much appreciate it
I'm like I actually act like Jenna's dad
sometimes because I embarrass her like a
dad would embarrass their child that's
the only that's the only way I'm going
to agree to the dad thing now we're
going to stop kara looks at me gotten
over the fact that I look like an insane
person everywhere I go so it's no skin
off my teeth there also was never skin
on my teeth to begin with I don't know
what the fuck that saying even means
what the fuck does that saying even mean
trembling alright we made it in the
house somehow it's so fucking hot out
but do you ever when you focused on
hydrating you guys ever like really get
your hydration going when you're in the
house or you're at an office or
somewhere where you know there's a
bathroom and then you get sidetracked
with something really like oh I got to
run out but you just drank like fucking
gallon of water yeah that was me today
me is fuck get the 0g lady okay baby
hmm I slipped the camera you sniff it
you cute Krong cuz nothing was wrong
nice - hey bud
mumbles head is all wet when we got here
how's your head wet this PG is like
licking well you guys have a weird love
fest are we gon touch it
still a little wet you sick mm-hmm
Kermit are you okay Kermit yeah
stop
we see you we miss you you want some
dish this is our modified Chipotle bowl
now and it's delicious so we gonna eat
it the lunch was good it was so tired
this is hot so they get drained come on
man I am I'm out of it
these are the weeks following these
events
it's just tough man it's like it just
takes a while to really get back into
the swing of things
so I'm try my best to just hydrate and
feel normal again but it's all good I'm
getting a couple things on around the
house we're going to stream later peach
are you feeling out of it from VidCon
you really have it yeah I mean we're
good I feel like it'll take just a
couple days to just feel normal that's
just kind of how it goes but I wouldn't
trade it you know I mean like these
events are awesome and about going
meeting you guys at these things I have
a little time lapse project that I'm
working on so I'm deciding if if the
sunset might be good enough today to go
shoot some some of that you guys will
see the time-lapse video by this weekend
it'll be pretty cool but it depends on
the sky the sky has two skies gotta show
up guys
also in case you missed it yesterday I
uploaded the vid which was like a bonus
Monday block it out on don't only upload
on Mondays but um think about the big
con vlog it's it's it's one of those
things like at VidCon it's it's a lot of
fun to meet people and hang out but at
the same time when everyone there is
filming all at once all the time for me
it kind of turns me off too vlogging a
little bit I kind of just want to be
there and meet you guys and do whatever
we're doing so a lot of the vlog
yesterday was like us to the hotel or us
when we were kind of walking through the
convention hall by ourselves or just
kind of downtime
things and the reason for that is
because like I'm just not huge about
vlogging yet those things I don't know
what it is but I did have a great time
was that gonna stay
you think it'll stay do you think you
know stay whatever so guys I just
finished streaming some rocket League
which was fun I was a solo stream I
haven't done a solo rocket League stream
in a while but I am now finished and I
wanted to share with you some of the fan
edits for the Instagram edits that you
guys have made of my hair because
they're well they're quite incredible so
let's get going with this this one is
pretty damn solid I don't even know what
I'm looking at here but it it's yellow
and it it's pretty seamless it's a good
edit who knows what that's from I have
no clue with us from maybe it's just
from some random picture but this is the
next one oh my god I've been a big peeps
fan now I'm a peep see I like this one
because it's it's tasteful it's not just
putting something on my head it's
putting me in the environment of what
the Photoshop job is so I like that one
this one is really good because it took
me a second to actually realize that it
was photoshopped I mean that's
impressive I look like I just got a nice
a nice win because Gatorade always wins
I saw a number of these this is probably
one of my favorites
john yoo li-an bravo Mita it's a
seamless ship name this is great it's
just me as the highlighter they the best
part is they didn't even use a picture
of me with this hair they used an old
picture and then just put the
highlighter tip on top of my head okay
this one I almost couldn't tell it was
an edit this one's this one's incredible
I like that one Jennifer Morey on
Instagram kind of killed these this
one's good cuz it's subtle but it's also
very cool also who doesn't like Pikachu
now simple good if anything this one's
just appropriate because
well I'm a troll and that's a troll doll
Big Bird anyone likely liman crop out
like the background in my picture Vicki
see the black background on the head
there's another Johnny Bravo one
pretty solid that's just a really bad
picture of Gary that I took this weekend
that Tweety Bird no it's a rubber duckie
it's a rubber duckie this one's good
it's just another one that's like so
well done we got me as he-man which is
pretty great then we have this
incredible drawing of me which isn't of
my hair it's just a really really good
drawing so thanks to that one but thank
you guys all for always making edits of
me I love looking at the edits that you
guys make they they cheer me up in there
dope and they're hilarious and you guys
are talented so I just wanted to show
you guys some of the brilliance that has
been being created on behalf of this new
style and color of hair but I'm gonna
leave you with that today hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog thanks for watching and
thanks for bearing with my tired ass
today I'll see you guys tomorrow later
