all right so we are at VidCon I don't
have my mic so if you can't hear me
that's why I didn't want to break it
again and it's a really weird thing so I
just have my camera but we are gonna go
to do Jenna's meet and greet in - like
negative three minutes we're three
minutes late already we're going into
ball three Hall six is right there I'm
excited my hair's not really been seen
by anyone early this year the gifts are
being put aside for later and we don't
get them now but I'm hoping for a lot of
Gatorade so I've heard some people we're
gonna bring some Gatorade I've heard a
couple people so we'll see but it's
going really well
people are happy and it's fun flowing
last year it's good
he's gonna wait Rome just notice right
here I have all this makeup on my
shoulder which is basically all the
makeup from all these pictures with
these wonderful people I'm taking and
Jenna's makeup also but this was a nice
white shirt just like an hour ago
we finished them in Greece this is the
box of Awesome hips I see a couple Gator
eggs I think yes there we go make up
sleeves had a nice run that's a solid
make up sleeve right there I think the
next fashion trend for men should be
shirts with sleeves ready to be a makeup
screams like I should trade mine done
yeah we're heading out now and I gotta
carry this fuck so we're back from the
mean great um
fuck you Rome look what she did like
hours ago she said that's war I gave her
this sticker I said hey Rome looking at
this cool periscope sticker and then you
know what she does she's fucking
literally back stabs me with it you know
what I'm gonna I'm gonna call her even
harder now she she realized what she
just asked for thanks for the guy's a
quarter and Kristen gave it to us so
soon we might grow Tillamook groves ooh
I can see you really lost Marika's money
last right so ask him to come get us at
6:30 all right so we have rested a
little bit we got some pizza to eat and
it was delicious but now I changed
shirts
Jenna's getting our makeup tightened up
and we're gonna go to the show floor
like the main floor VidCon where
basically I think they they blocked it
all off for creators or something so
it's not mobbed so we're gonna go see
the floor for the first time which I'm
excited for I don't think I've ever
really gotten a good look at it but the
meet greet today was awesome
we made a lot of really really really
nice people so thank you guys all for
the words and the hugs we appreciate it
more than you know you know how much I
hate this but I'm gonna take this
instead of my camera just because we
might be carrying a lot of stuff and
wanted take care of my baby
aka you aka I'm I have my camera really
it's just my camera but I care about you
but my camera can break
you're a human you'll heal my camera
won't heal you have to tell me when
she's coming
thank so we're walking into the main
convention hall right now which I've
literally never ever seen it the inside
of it it looks it insane there's like a
bouncy castle um so we're gonna explore
for a little bit and just try to have a
little fun because we have it all to
ourselves apparently I've been told that
Emma blackery shares the my hair color
or I should say I share her hair color
because she did at first and it's like
almost exactly the same color so I'm
hoping I find her ah so we can get it
double yellow lemonhead
well
we want to find the dog adoption booth
Jenna heard there was a dog adoption
booth so naturally that's where we need
Abby are we gonna adopt a dog right now
is that gonna happen
hopefully they didn't take them away
been here maybe they should take
yeah I bet the dogs are honestly a lot
of these boots were kind of empty
here's Netflix I don't know we'll see
from from what did you just realize a
widow wearing clown
what the fuck
all right so we're leaving the
convention hall I didn't find them of
blackery maybe I'll see you at the party
tonight but it was cool there was a lot
of booths and places that we could go
and hang out a lot of the booths were
empty though which I was kind of sad
because I wanted to see like the
Instagram booth and stuff but we're go
to the hotel to put our feet up for a
bit and then then to the party Hey
we are tired what we're going to the
party soon good morning now it is Sunday
Saturday Sunday Saturday holy shit
that's Saturday and we're gonna head
over to the main stage in like an hour
for Jenna's panel last night was fun
so
I do good 3:30 yeah sure I will this
whole time I actually thought it was
three
here I was going I saw you had to cut it
yeah it's too much similar to me I had
the I was so happy when I come out our
on our way to the main stage in all a
naturally I'm on the back of my golf
cart this is way better to see everyone
we are such incredible sleep last night
only who is asleep at Isaac when he
probably 2 or 83 woke up at like 12:30
he was the best live I've gotten for two
weeks but it was so unbelievably
necessary for me
I love you unless they can
you're welcome till next year my friends
thanks Quinn my pleasure manicure mother
shit we're back at the hotel now and
that was the last VidCon event today and
this year so we were on the party
tonight I believe I think we're probably
gonna get dinner first
so we're going to grab dinner we're
getting Thai food and we're going to a
place that I used to go when I was in
college I took Jenna one time I think
the time I took her was like a couple of
weeks or week before the first playlist
I ever went with her to and it's some of
the best type of ever I was called shot
I and orange and that's what we're take
in Rome so we're gonna hop in the car go
get some food and then what we'll do is
we'll come back and rest for a quick
beat
and then we'll go to the party but I'm
really excited for some delicious
College Thai food we just got in our car
expecting Rome to come and she's she's
in her car I was like oh we just bolts
I've Super X yeah no I knew no I went
he's gonna saw me and then Oh No maybe
he's not and then you
good morning we are heading home now it
is Sunday and we're gonna pack up our
room and get back to the dogs and I
wanted to sign off for you guys a to
just let you know the vlog is over but B
to let you know that uh we ended both of
our nights out at VidCon this year and a
vine event vine basically through a late
night thing at Denny's were you could go
and eat hang out and we ended up both
nights at that after the party and it
was just the coolest thing ever
all these miners we met and we're
hanging out with that I've wanted to me
that Jenna's desperately wanted me they
were so nice and hilarious and welcoming
and it was it was just one of those
moments both nights where we felt like
you know this this is why we come to
pick topic you know obviously secondary
to meeting fans like we come to VidCon
to meet the people we want to meet who
we watch on the Internet just like you
guys do and we got to do that and
hanging out with all these minors shit
like that was like the best part so I
think he kind of wrapped up the trip and
really awesome way so I just want us I
think yes for watching then guys all for
coming out to me and
I'll catch you up the next one there
