good morning you guys so yesterday I
mentioned that I really really liked
bright yellow it's like a neon really
bright exciting yellow and I loved it
now I'm gonna dye my hair bright yellow
I have been thinking about dyeing my
hair for a long time all my friends have
done it I've never done it I've always
wanted to do it I always said okay I'll
do it another time another time and then
it never came so I was like you know
what it's time I'm just gonna
dye my hair and then I was like okay
what color hasn't been done a thousand
times and I settled on Julian or neon
bright yellow off to see my buddy ruff
at the salon you go down my hair are you
doing my head no my bike is wonky cool
just hair sant√© toes Jonah does
have a saying saying life is too short
not to have exciting hair right really
exciting hair and I'm never I mean I've
I've taken that up in growing out my
hair to a bun and then doing new styles
and stuff but I've never dyed it so this
is gonna be the first dye job don't be
scared careful you might really like it
you're so smooth and soft this is not
it's so very long it's not gonna take
super long to do it yeah yeah and if you
know I hate it in like a week I'll just
buzz all off haha oh I just crying happy
it's just I know I'm really excited I'm
excited to just show up at VidCon with
his hair we were supposed to get our
nails done and then we slept through the
appointment like assholes but we had a
weird night where we did not sleep at
all last night and we tried to function
today on no sleep and it really
us so we're not doing that again
all right we're doing my hair now rob is
the one who cut my hand off you guys
know him from that so we're gonna do
it's gonna be something like that bright
as hell Julian yo you know I call this
color Julian yo up you in cuz I like
bright yellow so much that oh really
it's good that that's the first guy job
I'm ever having so we're gonna get going
right now put the kpop
we are almost done with bleach for the
first bleach potentially I'm not sure he
said my hair is like picking up the
color of the bleach so fast that the
tips might not have caught up so we
might have to do a second bleach but it
will be very short because it's going to
do the tips but this is what my
hair looks like now guys and then we're
going to go yellow yellow yellow Julian
yellow like almost a neon bright crazy
exciting yeah oh it smells so bleaching
Draco Malfoy now Charlie my hair picks
up bleach at a crazy rate superhuman
Roth is an absolute artist like look at
look at how well this came out I was
honestly a little nervous but when we
dried it off it just it looks perfectly
like neon and Julian yellow like this is
what we wanted
oh man I'm happy right now that's crazy
all right well you guys are going to be
seeing this at VidCon I wanted to
surprise you
this is dope thank you rob yeah offices
Devon so this is it guys this is this is
the new is the new Julian right here I
mean I am like so so excited about this
bye giggles in the physical in the dark
I think so I want to see if this glows
in the dark
Rob's instagrams below I made him get an
Instagram so his only picture is it's my
hair Thank You Robbie the man let's go
see what Jenna thinks now Felix out yeah
like yeah I think it turned out really
good it's awesome right so cute love it
oh you did so good he did really good I
got Loki scared cuz when it was the pain
was on it it was like yellow it's Julie
yeah it's Julie yellow I got it guys I
got doing your hair we're sliding for
you so fun welcome to the webinar I'm
never going back
oh I'm just so excited I have so
awesome it looks like exactly like what
you wanted it really does and I was a
little scared for a while like cuz it
when the paint's on it's a different
shape you know yeah you can't freak out
first-timer yeah so it is the next day
hello Wow
so it is the next day and I've been
vlogging it's okay so for us it's
Wednesday all right I shot the hair
video on Tuesday which was last night
and we finished it like 1:00 a.m. that's
how much of a trooper ruff was so I've
been vlogging all day
with a hat so as to not give this away
because I you know I wanted me to just
walk into VidCon crazy hair and have you
guys just be surprised and whatever so
I've been vlogging all day today but I'm
just finishing up this vlog and there
were a couple Easter eggs that I laid
out for you guys and I wanted to just
show you I changed my twitter name
picture and header in my Instagram
picture to lemon-lime themed things and
my twitter was basically all about
lemon-lime Gatorade basically all of
Wednesday I am uploading this on
Wednesday so I'm curious to see how many
of you figured it out yesterday anyway I
never got to sign off really I was just
kind of in the moment last night it was
late but I hope you guys like the hair I
am crazy diggin it I'm happiest if the
lead I think it suits me pretty well
anyway thank you guys for watching and
I'll see you that later
