I guess officially merry vlogmas
I woke up this morning and only learned
that it was December 1st from looking on
Twitter I'm that out of it
for whatever reason it's still like warm
in December it's getting up to like the
80s still I've given up hope that we'll
even have any sort of cool weather yeah
where are you where do you think you're
going sir I have a question where's your
vlogmas video I don't see anything on
your channel doing your medicine there
you go don't you just swallow here's
where I stand on vlogmas this year okay
I'll kind of just explain how it's gonna
be because it's not gonna be the same as
last year or the year before I know how
much you guys enjoy progress and the
festivity of it but within the last year
you guys have seen me spread my time out
elsewhere outside of the vlogs of course
you know we have the twitch stream
that's picked up a ton I have an entire
company washable and all the projects
we're doing with that going on but I
don't want this to come off as because
I've started to do other things I can't
do vlogmas it's more like overtime
vlogging it's it's just creatively and
emotionally taxing just to be the center
of the video so often which is why you
guys have seen me you know kind of
change up the vlogs and make different
things and experiment with formats and
not do the same thing all the time just
because doing the same thing all the
time it's exhausting and it's just
uninspiring so given that vlogmas you
know in the past and in general and
traditionally is like do this for 30
days or 25 days or whatever that doesn't
mean that's how I'm going to do it I
feel like I want to participate in
vlogmas Kermit
go back upstairs alright let's go
are you doing vlogmas what I'm gonna do
for December is I'm going to vlog and
create the videos on my channel as often
and as consistently as I can sometimes
probably grouping days together or
whatnot in essence just posting however
much I can post while staying happy so I
hope that make sense
today I'm going to be finishing the Edit
for last minute trips 7 which we took
earlier this week to Idaho the vlog of
that trip is already up would you guys
do me a favor
can you can you tell me what you think
it would be cool to watch on this
channel for this month and in general
share your suggestions and maybe be able
to do some new I can't believe it's
so hot
I said 75 degrees no weird weird time
here to be hot have you been working on
your takedown defense what are you doing
you do are you posting vlogmas should I
just do that for vlogmas just posted a
new a new track of nightmare fuel to
everyday unreleased track so I have all
of December to do an unreleased track or
as I like to call in the studio Chris is
doing a 24 hour stream starting today so
we don't hang out for that yes what can
I say wake in the boots jenna is coming
with me to watch what's on the lens
we're gonna watch jiu-jitsu tournament
this evening because a couple of my
teammates are competing that's it that's
it's not a dojo meet
dojo me there's no greeting it's a
sporting event
there's no dojo razzle it's not called a
wrassle it's called a fight it's it's a
fight card you've watched a hundred of
them but it still it was formatted like
a fight card yeah but it's not fighting
because they're not fighting do you know
that jujitsu matches are called fights
they're called jujitsu fights you know
it's not a question I don't think so
9:01 yes hello can I get a refund for
one of my tickets do you make all my
annoying people thanks Sakura bows being
skeptical 12 2000 imperious being
skeptical of the time we need to make a
part - I'm really good at annoying
people I think I've gotten better over
the years
jujitsu hoedown yeah okay I'm not I'm
not opposed to hoedown your hands are
bigger than his whole head she
knows we're watching her y'all do and so
weird is so awkward his eyes are always
wide like he's just watching a crime
being committed all the time oh are you
just in the middle of a trauma happening
all the time
oh-oh-oh-oh
I drop the camera it would land right on
your face Kermit so I'm working on
last-minute trip seven this is uh this
is kind of the timeline I'm working with
right now we're only at about eight
minutes and I'm not sure how long the
final piece will be I guess there's
really no way of telling until you're
there I've had a bunch of you guys asked
me to do editing tutorials and I love
that idea I just need to figure out a
way to do it like I don't wanna make a
whole video of me just like of the
timeline being there and then me time
what I thought would be cool actually
was doing an editing like creative
stream on Twitch I would just need to
figure out how to set it up so
here's the thing I shot with two
different drones this last trip I shot
with the Mavic and the inspire we
brought the inspire as our a drone and
then the magic was sort of our backup
and I'm glad we brought it because we
needed it but right here you see that
these two clips are different colors
that's because I took this inspire clip
went to the color board and adjusted the
saturation and exposure of it to match
the magic so this is what the Mavic
looks like it's kind of light I'm
saturated and this is what the inspire
looks like it's dark and a little a
little more saturated but I need them to
be exactly the same so when I color
grade the sequence they come out uniform
so what I did was I went into this clip
raised the exposure lower the saturation
so now it looks a lot like a maverick
but I have all these other Clips where I
need to do exactly the same thing and I
found this trick that I want to show you
which is copy the clip that you did the
changes to you go to the new clip and
you go to edit and you go down to paste
attributes and so what it does is it
pastes all of what you've done
effects and color wise or anything else
from the clip to the new clip so now
look they all look the same so if you
were trying to like do the same thing to
a lot of different clips without having
to like like manually do all that just
copy and paste attributes
anyway that's editing time with Julian
holy I'm really excited for
you guys to see this episode this is my
favorite episode yeah and I'm only
halfway done editing it
what I thought I was done talking I know
you still here
