that's in my car uh yeah this is what's
up guys this is uh I'm in my mom's car
it's messy yes it is we just had lunch
mom how was lunch
Oh oh my god it was it was pretty oh my
god we had shooters you guys have to in
your minds come up with what was in
those shooters hey what was in the
shooters guys I'm wearing a hat today
cuz it's a hat day and that's that's all
okay so how hot is that we need to
update the temperature at 94 so it's a
nice cool relaxing day in the summer
it's basically winter but I were the
jujitsu today and I was talking to some
of the guys and they were talking about
in Saudi Arabia in like 2005 it got to
like a hundred and seventy something
degrees how the fuck is that a thing how
do people survive Oh 572 like isn't 200
it was on 12 boiling yeah then he then
just start spoiling your drinking water
out on the street and you're like this
oh fuck it's boiling oh and so am i oh
I'm dead I'm dead
boiling anyway I had a nice lunch with
my mommy and now I'm gonna go home we
this is our last day before VidCon
you're gonna see this the day we're
traveling up to VidCon so we got it's
crunch time today we gotta do a video
and we got a pack and get the house
ready which is it's a full day full day
of dogs and getting stuff done wanted to
say that tomorrow you guys will be
seeing a video that I shot yesterday
you'll know why when you see it are we
doing anything else or we just do we
have somewhere to be
together oh well that was so sweet
get out with that sweetness
got clean exterior lighting because if
you need to go shopping for food my
perfect solution for that is food shop
guys look what I just found waiting for
me this is for me can you believe it
YouTube sent this wonder what's inside
look at the oh my god it's amazing it's
the best Wow
so this just came and I don't know what
it is we got our nature box over there
for the podcast my mom's calling what
the hell is in here I'm like nervous
it's a backpack I have no clue it's
heavy though there's something in it
it's just a backpack hold school
supplies yeah I'm so lost right now what
is happening I have no idea what was
happening right so that was like really
really weird and I don't know what that
backpack is from is it a mistake I
didn't order that he had he doing they
just lounging
it's too hot for you huh
was it peach what are you thinking about
vici stuff are you gonna miss us this
weekend Kermit's not gonna miss us he's
mad that we forgot his birthday
Chanel Walmart talking about I want to
show you guys again these awesome tights
there's sushi leggings or tights they're
called stats for jiu-jitsu you wear them
underneath your key if they have sushi
designs on it's pretty cool maybe I
should put them on so you can look at me
what do you think am i pulling them off
is it making you hungry
do you like these tights are they making
you hungry for some sushi they're legit
like really cool and awesome looking for
made by scramble PJ you jealous of my
spats you wish you had sushi tights huh
we should get you a sushi outfit because
you're a little fish
my room is all finished this was a
complete glass that no it's not and
kitchen is finished as well - the house
is basically clean and that it feels
good because now our sitter won't have a
messy house and all we do is tidy up a
couple of things gonna go get the
podcast from ready because that is where
we're shooting for Jenna today we're
doing reviewing bad apps part two so I'm
gonna go sit up in there in just a short
second it's too late in the day to be
that hot all right I'm gonna lean away
from the Sun so you can see me I had to
make a quick pit stop at CVS grab
something and then I'll be on my way
back home I had to take this thing
literally every step I take because if
I'm not hydrating I don't feel right
because it's like so hot I'll become
dehydrated so fast in this weather nice
thank you
let's go home what do you say huh what
do you say how is a kid so I am
currently making some final touches on
tomorrow's video I'm incredibly excited
for it so excited about this the most
annoying thing has been happening to me
lately my phone I don't know if it's
getting too hot or if something's like
wrong with it but it will just turn off
at like 80% battery and any percent it's
just off like watch I have to restart
this look at that
what does that say 99% you kidding me
I have absolutely no clue why that's
happening and it's frustrating because
it happens it like the most inconvenient
times so we're using these two mics
today these are the long legs that is
assuming Jenna wants me in the video I
actually haven't even asked yet but I
assume since I was in the last one that
I'll be in this one so now I'm going to
set this room up it's currently at the
streaming setup we got to switch it to a
podcast or video set up move all the
computer stuff
that's weird wonder that could be from
all right we got the two mics and
receivers and uh I think we're ready I
think I don't always feel like I'm
forgetting something
you guys Julian I'm gonna go to bed now
after like we edit some stuff so you
know it's been a great day and I got
eyelashes on my eyes finally I've been
trying for years then I finally got him
on I think they look I'm just kidding
I'm not Julie but I going to close his
vlog for him and I just wanted to share
with you that I was in the dream corner
and I saw a spider I didn't like it you
guys say goodbye um yeah oh I said that
I don't like being called dad but I
really do because my name is dad and I'm
a dad so dad ass my eyes hurt my
contacts burn every day right I love
Julian wait but
