hey guys so today I'm gonna answer some
of your questions it's a really really
nice time of day out so I figured I'd
shoot this outside today was not nearly
as hot as it was yesterday yesterday was
obscene so I can actually survive out
here
alright let's get into it
besides Julian yellow what's your
favorite color Julian yellow is for
those who don't I was basically just
like a neon really bright exciting
yellow and I loved it because it really
just has something electric about it
I really love doing yellow I also
understand how incredibly self-absorbed
it is to refer to a color as Julian that
color are you excited for VidCon yeah
big con should be a good time I enjoy
meeting a lot of you guys it's always
nice to get face to face time with you
also it's cool to see a lot of the other
youtubers who I never get to see because
of geography getting drunk of the
parties isn't something I complain about
either so you could travel anywhere in
the world to photograph the native
surroundings where would you go I've
always wanted to go to Alaska
it would just be incredible both at
night during the day even in the summer
but especially in the winter I would
love to go to Alaska favorite beer right
now I'm big on gluten Burgh they just
released the new I think it's their
American pale ale I'm not mistaken
either way
gluten berg has gray line of yours new
planet is good there's actually a lot of
gluten-free beers that I have not tried
and I really would like to try I guess I
should really start upping my beer game
because I'm I'm honestly really enjoying
beer lately Parks and Rec or the office
can't answer that both yes
but I guess the office is my first true
love you ever think of moving away from
California maybe another country okay I
answer this last time yes I don't know
when a doubt any time very soon another
country I don't know I would take a lot
of thinking but you know you can never
say absolutely never but I definitely
think la is not where I will plant my
roots whatever happened to you working
at the radio station used to vlog from
sometimes I no longer work there I
stopped working there a good while ago I
had kind of exhausted everything I
wanted to do there I got into radio
production just kind of by learning it
it was fun and I learned a lot and then
I felt like it was time to move on are
you afraid of death
I don't think I'm afraid of death I
think what scares me more than that is
the idea of nothing you know I feel like
a lot of time I'm so just like a lot of
people I'm like so consumed with my life
and everything that's going on and you
know every once in a while you take a
real step back and you're like alright
this is all going to be over at some
point
and it's like oh it's like a weird
morbid thought to have because scary
thinking that you know everything's
going to end at some point but at the
same time it's also like a nice little
reminder to to live in a way that you
know you're happy with each day what the
hell is that question man we're having
fun here what advice you have for
upcoming videographer you recommend any
cameras for beginners if not what should
they look for well I consider myself an
amateur videographer photographer
whatever I'm learning everyday just by
doing it I think the advice I would give
you is find stuff that you like to shoot
and get really good at it you know
whatever that encompasses whatever style
you want to shoot and get really fucking
good at shooting that one type of thing
then you can move on to other things for
cameras I am in love with my sony a7s i
moved over to the mirrorless sony alpha
line back in like I think October I just
got a new lens for it which we are
actually shooting on right now I would
highly recommend the sony alpha line of
cameras are you thinking of getting any
tattoos in the near future
I actually am have you ever had a
reoccurring dream or nightmare I have
I've had a reoccurring nightmare and I
was actually thinking to myself the
other day this should be like a podcast
we should talk about reoccurring dreams
or weird dreams that we've had on the
podcast because I feel like James are so
fascinating not sure if I told you guys
before but when I was in college I used
to try to lucid dream which basically
meant I would write down my dreams as
they happen I wake up and write down my
dreams in a notebook and the more I did
that the more lucid my dreams became and
I felt like I was deeper in them and
they were more real and I had more
control so dreams have always really
fascinated me
but maybe I'll save my story for
let me do it on the podcast because I
think that would be a good podcast where
somewhere you want to take the drone to
fly around I think
Laska like I like I said in the last
question would be a crazy place to shoot
but maybe somewhere like the Grand
Canyon I've seen videos taken from
drones of the Grand Canyon it just looks
unbelievable but there are actually some
new drone laws that came out today I
think there are certain tests and
licenses that drone operators will need
to have very soon so I'm gonna get on
that so I don't get in trouble what made
you decide to use mirrorless instead of
DSLR was a bird back there mirrorless
better in low-light quicker smaller
compact camera have you watched the new
series of orange is the new black I kind
of lost interest in the last season I
wasn't feeling it I know I have not
watched the new season but maybe if I
run out of stuff to watch I'll give it
another try what's the closest you came
to death wow I haven't had too many
close calls with death
I had one pretty bad bike accident where
I was bombing a hill luckily I had my
helmet on I think my shoelace got caught
in my gears I was going really fast
literally could do nothing but just kind
of like dive over the handlebars because
my shoelace like stopped up the gear I
hit my knee pretty hard but the scariest
thing was I cracked my helmet there was
a giant crack across the helmet where I
had made contact with the ground and I
saw that and I was like holy shit I am
so glad I had a helmet on
when is the dad beard coming back I
don't know probably after the summer
it's a little hot for a beard right now
I was actually just having breakfast
with my grandpa and he has a nice dad or
grandpa beard and he always has and he
saw me and apparently he watched a vlog
which is a new thing for me
my grandpa watching my blogs but he said
I was expecting the beard because I
watched a blogger and you had a beard
and now I'm really disappointed in you
I immediately at that moment regretted
shaving but it's just crazy hot and I
was getting hot like my face was
uncomfortable with it so maybe when it
gets a little cooler I'll I'll bring it
back and it's not a dad beard it's a a
road trip uncle beard breathe me daddy I
got asthma okay no first of all
pre-editing he meant breathed on me
what would me breathing on you do if you
had asthma like if you're just laying
there wheezing because you can't get air
into your lungs and I'm standing over
you just breathing on you that's just
gonna obstruct you from getting oxygen
so that would make everything worse I'm
gonna ask myself a question here do I
like being called dad uh you know I did
for a while and it was funny and it was
kind of goofy and cute but now I like
I'd like it to maybe fade out especially
when Jenna does it and it's not daddy
it's just dad I think it might be time
to cut that shit out
anyway those are all the questions for
today thank you guys for submitting
questions and thank you for watching I
will see you tomorrow with another vlog
have a great day later guys
