good morning friends is a Monday morning
I am up and ready to go fuck and start
my week kicking in the ass I'm going to
train for a couple hours and then uh
well there's a few things going on today
I have a haircut to clean this whole
mess up this weekend was such a
spectacular time we we love going to Big
Bear to just like turn off really just
kind of relax and not be working because
it's very easy when we're in our house
to just always be working because
there's so many different ways to work
which you could just do from any room in
the house and it's just sometimes you
drown in it and so we got a Big Bear the
goal is to change the scenery and I
think we did a really good job of that
this weekend
I didn't blog I just shot with a drone
hopefully you liked that footage there's
a lot of it it was wonderful and it was
super necessary before a crazy week like
this week I'm just happy I feel feel
good and refreshed first thing on the
agenda today as usual is get caffeinated
and you figure out how I'm gonna do that
I've been thinking about making my own
pre-workout creating my own powder with
ingredients I could buy because it's
just way cheaper and better than buying
pre-workout but that requires doing it
and I haven't done it so I want to do
for caffeine today by the way guys
summer is in full effect it was like 104
here yesterday we got home after this
weekend of being gone and the house was
85 degrees because we hadn't run the a/c
in four days we actually just got our AC
filter switched right before summer
because we knew we were going to need it
a shit-ton I'm gonna get my ask on I'm
gonna go brave the heat to get to where
I need to go
all right come on I got my hair cut one
sec all right
I think that's better okay haircut is
done and now we're gonna probably go get
our stream gone um in the office because
I'm showing the vlog my haircut trying
to come look
Kermit 2k16 he's crying he wants a hot
dog he's being exercised they're hot as
hell today huh you guys hot I'm feeling
good got a nice cut and I'm gonna make
some lunch now we have this rice beans
and fake meat left over and we're going
to make some tacos then we're going to
get going on the screen because we might
be able to hang out with Chris and
Shanta night which is going to be a
treat because we love them and we never
get to see them so hopefully we can eat
stream and have time to hang out with
them I have to wake up at 6:30 tomorrow
and I'm not excited about it but I am
excited about why and I'm going to go
have breakfast with my grand grandpa I
never get to see them because they live
away from here but they are in town and
they have time at 7 a.m. so that's what
I'm doing but first lunch guys these are
day 2 tacos lip BAM lip them all vegan
hell yeah
so why so thanks for these but we had
bought a full-sized bottle of taco bell
hot sauce up in Big Bear and we're
eating with it all weekend and general
ft and Big Bear what why are you playing
with me like this
you just got me so excited and then shot
my dreams down with your missile use the
package like I'm petting I'm busy
hey baby I'm busy
you baby I'm busy
bTW you smell like dog it's hot as fuck
and I just gave me a dirty look holy
shit well it's 106 right now it was like
112 earlier and apparently it was 120
something this weekend in Arizona fuckin
Christ
it is so hot is getting so look at peach
she came to function right now all the
dogs were just toast today like they're
completely wiped out by the heat but
luckily we're gonna stream from a nice
air-conditioned room which we are mad
lucky about I just got another dirty
look update on the dirty looks got
another one another one another one oh
this is just one continuous dirty look
Oh
provocative then it got provocative guys
I wish I could show you what she's doing
what is she doing oh by the way my car
broke like I was driving and there was a
message on the screen that said your car
is too hot to have this display monitor
work we're going to turn it off till
your car goes down and then the display
turned off I couldn't see the rear view
cam I can see the time I couldn't see
gas mileage anything like that just off
thanks Honda
so where's your pick you didn't send a
pic into this group message you're the
only one jenna loves me so much today
guys like she can't even keep her hands
off me I'm irresistible to her today
today especially here that you didn't
put your hand in it just stop spamming
the chat dad go away I'll go away but
don't help me dad I look like we're
hanging out ash and Chris tonight we
just got a stream you ready stream on
stream ah screams we're gonna play The
Last of Us No you recorded me you know
how to operate the DVR I don't think she
knows how to work the DVR all right fine
I'll record on real Oh guys by the way a
lot of you have tweeted and commented
really nice things about the podcast
with Rome so I'm glad you guys liked it
thank you for being nice to Rome because
if we all know something only I get to
be mean to Rome right fuckin Christ
can you turn on the light brighter cuz I
don't want to vlog in the dark like some
Neanderthal vlogger Neander vlog vlog in
is all Jen explain this I know someone
just tweeted me I am at the dog track
and I see your name for da hooker - like
is that a dog named Jim Marley where's
the remote
yes found it why were you hiding it BAM
hell yeah I just like the joy and I was
like wait is it good
oh my how are you being so puddly today
you're waiting first I want to say happy
birthday I'm terrible
we just had so many seven we just forgot
buzz it's still daylight out it's still
your birthday not your little child
Jenna just randomly goes is today
Kermit's birth oh really didn't do
anything for vici either Marvel is the
only one that got like a proper birthday
yeah let's do a double eggy birthday cuz
we didn't even really celebrate we took
him to Big Bear so oh my god Carmy is it
your birthday fun hey six I'm sorry
buddy I love you what can we give you oh
my god hey bud he doesn't want that shit
it's been too hot for us to like do
anything during the day
you lookyou today ah leggings and a huge
thanking oh my god I cannot but it's too
perfect that we forgot his birthday he's
literally the middle child of all my
children we should do something nice for
them together but they're like all of
them are comment in Peach are five years
apart like yeah they're all in the month
of June oh we didn't even yeah the
morning thing movie the lens cover for
this tell me what trackhoe
I just realize we were recording that
whole time alright so we are gonna start
streaming right now guys we need some
cable management in here like I want to
show you're gonna judge me so hard it's
just the difficult things we gotta move
in judging you from the podcast to the
stream at least once a week sometimes
more there we go
so the lighting is beautiful but yeah
you don't want to see the cable
management it's ugly
Chloe let's go clubbing jolly enjoy
marbles I want to know what happens here
did she retired oh my god
someone tweeted at janitor there's a dog
raising dog near jenna Marbles
daytime she's calling out to see what
happens to the hi
what uh what happens to the dogs when
they retire from racing okay you can go
out on our website as well but it's
greyhound test of America services she
retired taking out
yeah someone tweeted at me that there's
a dog they're racing jenna Marbles and
that's my name so I said that I would
adopt that dog forever if she needed a
forever home so I thank you so much
really appreciate it oh how perfect
would it be to have that I wanted to
extend the offer to that dog has a
forever home with me I'll make it happen
anyway that is so fucking cool I feel
like that's a good rule of thumb if ever
someone names their dog your full name
you should you should offer them a
forever home
yeah fair enough that's true right
that's really cool that you called them
blues shine chin sled helmi sermons now
when did you I'm in a whole new way be
ready
clearly it's not baby it's recording you
and know what a care do you know what a
camera is have you seen one of these
before bed what's that what's that thing
with jigs well the book cigarette his
book the ID of the vlog all right cool
great good bye that was so weird that
fuck this tripod alright guys thanks for
watching hangings in a shit I'll see you
guys tomorrow for another one leggings
in here give me one more dirty look to
close out the vlog
