this is my lens
this thing is self bad-ass here
it is this is the lens I was waiting for
yesterday all week forever my entire
life this is the sony g master 24 to 70
f 2.8 lens for my sony alpha a 7s mark -
that is the camera I use lots and lots
of people ask me every single vlog what
camera I use it is a sony a7s mark - and
it is my favorite thing in the entire
world this new piece of glass is really
really awesome and I'm gonna tell you
why first of all the lens I've been
using ever since I've had this camera is
my vlogging lens it's the 16 to 35 f/4
lens it's wide lens great for vlogging
it's incredibly versatile what this lens
is is a bigger beef Slayer version of
that it's it's a zoom lens as you can
see the f 2.8 on this constant all the
way from 24 to 70 is what's gonna make
the difference you can shoot anything
from astrophotography I could vlog with
this
I could shoot cinematic looking stuff
with this I could take pictures with
this portraits sports like so many
things can be done with this one lens
which is what I'm so excited about it
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna pop this
on my camera and shoot the rest of
today's vlog with this lens I am really
excited to mess around and explore what
this lens I'm gonna shoot some cool
stuff this weekend with it and I'm gonna
try to experiment in a bunch of
different arenas let's just pop this
thing on and and get going with today's
vlog ok here we are with the new piece
of glass so right now we're at f/4 which
is my old vlogging lens and now we're
gonna go in on F 2.8 so background just
got a little bit blurrier lenses faster
than my other lens and you're gonna
notice it in almost everything I shoot
it's massive so it looks maybe a little
odd vlogging with a lens this big
not that I've ever cared what it looks
like because I'm already filming myself
with a camera you want to go to the land
store what's that
are you barking at peachy
are you done he's sunbathing me in a tan
peachy everyone in the comments again
today's vlog is concerned because of the
terrible twos you're 14 in dog kids
you're a teenager what to heck we have
not a crazy amount to do today but we
are going away for a couple days to get
out of town before VidCon loose why is
everyone texting me yeah we are gonna
we're getting on a little kind of couple
day get out of the house trip before
VidCon which is dope all we have to do
is finish up a couple things today
including the radio show and we gotta
tell you at the house a bit yesterday
was the real hell day today is not so
bad so I met cameras or that I love EVs
camera I was here the other day with
Josh but um what I wanted to do the
first thing when I got this lens is put
a filter on it so this is my new filter
this is a protection against UV and kind
of everything else is scratches whatnot
and I also got an ND filter so i can
shoot outside when it's really bright
but now i'm just having a look around
the place because i just love hanging
out here and then i'm gonna head off to
this bridge nearby and try to shoot some
stuff because this is really cool bridge
right by this store that i like a lot
gee master baby I'm gonna call him gee
master baby
I don't like gee baby from hardball all
the feels man let's keep going
that over there
behind me is that's the bridge over
there it's kind of a cool looking tree
so I watched traffic for a little bit
and then I realized I don't want to be
watching traffic anymore I'm heading
back home but I'm stopping at the
grocery store to get some supplies for
tonight and this weekend because we're
not gonna be home so I'm gonna head over
close to home
go to the store grab some although
I can't find my phone I think I left it
in the car
there is it yes
found it alright arriving at the grocery
store can eternally as quick as possible
but I am shopping for a whole weekend so
that means wine and food for two three
days see how quickly I can get this done
and wine and wine and food
look how fast I could zoom in
so not only does my grocery cart every
time I shop now just look like it's like
only fruit and stuff and I never ever
thought I would ever be the guy who ate
a lot of fruit that was I was scared of
fruit and now I just eat so much and
it's amazing so my car looks pretty weak
I gotta admit I did want to say though a
guy named Wesley came up and said hi to
me and I was vlogging and he was sick he
was saying no you're awesome as I was
blogging I thought he was like yelling
at me for like being a date with a
camera on the escalator but
sometimes the timing of when one of you
comes and says hi to me it just makes my
entire day so thank you so much if
you've ever said hi to me Thank You
Wesley thank you guys
when you break the barrier to IRL its
especially this is amazing alright
so the cards coming together we have
it's kind of just like a whole make some
stuff that doesn't really go together
but
that's Stanley from the office I think
his name's Leslie I'm not gonna go
bother him I'm not gonna put the camera
near him but that was a hundred percent
you have to believe me it's really cool
I wonder if he's going to look for the
pretzels
all right I definitely almost just
tripped on this whole escalator because
it's not running he's expecting it to go
didn't go
put my card on that little track and
right before I got to the bottom it just
stopped and broke that kind of stuff
literally always happens to me
like every single time I am somewhere
that sort of thing will happen to me
overall pretty good trade with the
grocery store got like six bags of stuff
should be good for the weekend and I got
to see Stanley from the office can we
talk about that for a second he was just
strolling along getting his
groceries in mad respect man it's
so cool like seeing someone in the
office I feel like I know him so well I
hope he found his presence you do not
want to deprive that man its presence
that big parking spot
you guys ever have a day we go out into
the world and after your entire day of
being out among people and civilization
and interaction you like you're done
with it and you realize like that was a
solid day of interaction because I feel
like a lot of the time I pay attention
to when like things piss me off or when
people are stupid but like this has been
a solid day of interaction everyone I've
interacted with has been Pleasant
someone came up said hi
I saw Stanley from the office from afar
which is an interaction everyone at the
grocery store was just like
exceptionally nice it was just like one
of those days we're kind of like
compounded everything is Pleasant
interactions we're good today anyway I
hope you guys had good interaction today
I'm enjoying the interaction like this
I'm gonna drive now what do you doing
what I'm not doing is recording boombox
by Laura Marano continuing to trend in
an impressive streak of a couple months
now we made it up to our weekend spot we
are here we were so happy to be here and
we're all settled in we just unpacked we
just got here a little bit of a drive
but we made it and we're cooking some
dinner we got some hasta and like a
makeshift vegan vodka sauce that I
created which Jenna says it's not vodka
sauce because there's no vodka but when
you taste it it's gonna taste like vodka
sauce I promise
so excited to be away all right sounds
like you're not getting any vodka sauce
peachie is gonna have a little bit of a
birthday celebration because we didn't
really get to do much a sweep so we're
gonna go on all the hikes and all the
walks and it'll be nice and fun it's
cool cuz I could walk from back here now
well we have a kite slipper already so
happy I don't like the mallet okay you
want to go on a weekend trip
Bobby you uncle beat this you really
think so I'm gonna finish working on
dinner here and then we gonna start all
night cuz we away it's deep breath and
happiness if you ever want to make this
I just melt it down a little bit of
vegan cream cheese and then added some
plain tomato marinara sauce and then
this is what I got
there's no vodka it's a pink sauce out
of ten I even need vodka shoes
no vodka sauces thanks for
