excuse me is it your birthday is it your
birthday are you to lady this is what
you want favorite a sit that's a good
two year all right there guys peaches -
she's - it's so crazy to me that she's
already two years old where does the
time go
she still acts like a straight-up puppy
to be fair but she's two years old it's
June 15th netted her second birthday
I've had her for just under two years
cuz I got her when she was like two
months old I think she's a really really
awesome little lady and I'm so proud of
her she's a really good dog I was you
know it's one thing when I was getting a
dog I was really nervous that I would
just somehow get really not good dog I
think that's a fear a lot of people have
when getting their first dog and Peach
has proved to be such a sweet listening
loving wonderful dog who like has turned
marbles and kurma into like completely
different animals I just want to hang
out and be dogs now and her and Marvel
have this the complete romance where
they kiss each other and play and
haven't seen that for Marvel's ever so
oh wow it is your birthday it's your
birthday so it's her birthday but
unfortunately we don't have a day to
dedicate completely today to her like we
did two marbles when it's his birthday
in other words we have a lot of shit to
do today so your birthday celebration
might have to kind of wait she doesn't
care she doesn't speak English we have
two podcasts that way your student new
today we're shooting one with our buddy
Fitz 80 Fitz who is a beatboxer and he's
a friend of ours and then we're also
shooting one with Rome which you guys
have been asking for for quite a while
and we are finally doing it so we're
having them both come over at separate
times permits excited about it I'm off
to Train soon make it some warning fuel
getting caffeinated fam then I'm going
to run a couple errands and then return
back here in time for the pod casting to
begin going to try my best to give this
one all the attention I can okay we
teeth you want to tension them but
anyway I was watching Jenna's video and
people are seeming to enjoy it I had a
really good time I think it turned out
pretty well really to know what to
expect in terms of like making that
video but I think it went pretty well
someone posted it to the Jiu Jitsu
subreddit so I like sneaked in there
because that's one of the subreddit I
frequent oh I got to show you this so
when we saw Ali the other night okay so
you guys saw see Ali the other day like
a week and a half two weeks ago Ali our
friend from YouTube Japan we saw her
again I like a week after I showed you
or we went out for dinner and drinks
with her and I didn't vlog it but she
got to Jenna
a present that she has to wait for her
birthday to open so Jenna has to wait
till September to open that and she got
me a present that I have to wait till I
hit a million subs to open I put it
right on top of the whiskey that I'm
gonna drink it a million subs so this is
that is it right there she's a really
really dope friend and she's very sweet
so Thank You Ali
and you get this copy gone
because I need it there be too bad
alright guys so I'm back and there's a
package at the door which is for Jenna
and I'm 99% sure is her diamond play
button so that's fucking coolest shit
oh hello mister looks like you're in
your right spot now it was that fucking
be at this package over by the door that
one I believe that's the diamond play
button
I actually am on sort of double package
watch today my favorite jiu-jitsu brand
scramble sent me some stuff and there's
a package coming tomorrow which I told
you guys about
it's my new lens but I'm trying to get
it today because I'm just so impatient
and something's on my lens hood but yeah
I'm trying I contacted the FedEx Ship
Center to see if I could like intercept
it a day early which is just a great
example of someone who has little to no
patience for things like that so I'm
trying to get that today might work and
might not either way I'll have it by
tomorrow I have like an hour and a half
maybe like two hours free to get myself
ready for the first podcast alright now
I decided I need this snack and this is
the easiest and quickest snack that I've
been making lately and it's pretty
delicious
what was that I'm watching this guy
pound mochi okay uh guys we just
recorded the podcast with Fitz
it was so fucking cool I can't wait for
you guys to see it
it's coming out the week after VidCon
the Monday after VidCon because we had
to work ahead and he beatbox and he
taught us how to be PAC's it was fucking
sick like a teef it says such a dope guy
but I wanted to show you Jenna's I guess
cool kind of package that came today I'm
so excited I didn't think I would ever
see the day and it's finally here
fucking cool fans time and play button I
couldn't believe it I saw PewDiePie got
his and I was like no way I'm gonna
actually get on and I actually got it
jenna Marbles congratulations for
surpassing 10 million subscribers
Congrats babe that's really really
really awesome my tummy's rumbling
no don't it's probably yeah it's it's
got some weight to it although I don't
think that's a diamond because we could
basically buy like any house we wanted
right now with that diamond if it was a
real done it's huge but nonetheless it's
very cool so congrats that's really
fucking cool
Jenna's working on that now fuck with me
all right so as I told you guys I was
waiting on a package today from scramble
my favorite jiu-jitsu brand they make
some of the by far coolest jujitsu gear
and just apparel in general and they
sent me a whole gift box of awesome shit
and a sweet note from mat at scramble
congratulating me on my blue belt with a
scramble blue belt this is what they
sent me
ranked Blue Bell rash guard another dope
awesome red hoodie and then school of
hard knocks their designs are fucking
really really cool this is a sweater
shirt blue bow spats
these are sushi leggings they're made
for jiu-jitsu but you can kind of have
them however you want
massive shout out to Matt the entire
scramble team I really appreciate it and
the note is awesome I'm going to be
reppin that blue belt well you're about
to have dinner right now we just podcast
it with Fitz I just said that didn't I
didn't already say that I'm losing my
mind
let me show you pizzas they're about to
come out right now there are mushroom
garlic flatbread pizzas
those are mine on the right and Jenna's
is that one and then we go eat and and
then run we'll be here in a little bit
time to get our fucking dinner on
no I don't fucking drop it you ready
yeah that's about the heaven yeah are
you like trolling already or Bing named
Peter huh miss peach - is she yeah
was she looking real good it's you much
I can't show you guys they'll show you
soon though he's don't merge at VidCon
are you gonna be there big gun hopefully
not
