can dinner I came home and smell that
wonderful dinner and saw that wonderful
face we're having pumpkin it's not
pumpkin butternut squash it hope for
when Julian try again
tofu burnt squash onions there's some
vegetable stock all good stuff he
reduced a little wine in it and we're
drinking wine we reduce it and we're
drinking it it's our anniversary today
guys happy anniversary love you
we're going to stream with a big family
mm-hmm we were starting a new game we're
playing the last of us we went out and
got ourselves a new game en new system
sounds for the auto verse we get but now
we have a bunch of bunch more games we
could play on the stream because of it
so we're really excited to play that
game because we've been wanting to play
it forever we just couldn't all right
you guys hungry come here pick out guys
filthy animals they be getting spoiled
Jenna was just talking about anytime
peachy does the thing when she hops up
on you she kisses chopping an onion and
she does this thing she doesn't it she
was
yeah it's like a movie jump it's like
the video Corgi feeding yeah it's not
this it's peaches version of just like
being too cute because she wants
whatever you Jenna was cutting onions
and she was doing that like she doesn't
even know what it is she's just excited
but uh peachy knows what she needs to do
to get her patties um she's hungry it's
dinnertime let's in addition tonight is
the Bachelorette which I'm really like
digging this season Chad McKenna um but
you know what's cool is like we like The
Bachelor that's the rat but we found
this new show called unreal it was
highly recommended by my friend Rachel
and it is worth every minute it's
amazing it's on the lifetime it's a
drama about what goes on behind the
scenes of The Bachelorette and The
Bachelor right yeah all those like the
producer in the exact really really
interesting show so we've been watching
that for a fair bit and we're like me
we're like binge watching the whole
season we're gonna watch probably the
Bachelorette in the fake bachelor
tonight and then we're going to stream a
little bit we are going to eat this
delicious soup and probably like what 30
minutes or 40 minutes and have a autumn
ursery dinner so we'll see you guys when
we get all romantic angles look at dawn
yeah actual pants and the ribs and turn
around
the dinner is almost ready this is like
one of our low-key favorite recipes
because it's like it's a sleeper recipe
it doesn't look that great but it's so
good it has so much flavor why is the
vacuum out you might ask well I'll tell
you I dropped not one but two glasses
the first one didn't break and as I was
cleaning it up I was like oh this is
great and I swiped my hand across and
snatched the second one so happy
anniversary super grocery looks good
love you love you Ben we don't eat
dinner now
have this wine in the soup and have a
nice relaxing romantic time I love that
girl you got a toy
you're funny you just finished dinner
I'm with Venice watching TV and peachy
decided she was gonna stay here I don't
know for so much I also love you Sara
bet even though you're being loud and
grosses fuck them we're gonna stream now
Oh PJ you done were you laying on me you
cute just lays on my face you lay on my
face piece
can you see so we're running to the
store right now to get some supplies
but it's Tuesday and we're shooting
Jenna's video right babe yeah we gotta
get ready for vision we are yeah yeah so
this weekend next week are absolutely
insane double time week several time
weeks we're gonna try to do like double
podcasts double videos everything so
today's the start of that we're gonna go
to Walgreens to get some stuff and then
when we get home do you want to tell
them what the video is yeah Julie's
gonna teach me how to do Jitsu we've
wanted to this vlog for awhile but we
thought it was
time of doing out so we're going to get
Jenna in the geek and I'm gonna teach
her some dual Jitsu today and we're
going to film it upstairs
so the filming the filming process is
going to be a little interesting we're
gonna have multiple cameras I think and
we might be wearing the lobs so well I'm
gonna have to figure out when we get
home that will be my my tasks aside from
teaching you at the legit soul all right
go to the store and then head back home
to do some do Jitsu this is the best
body wash there is the best smelling one
just the best one this is what I use so
we're gonna smell like me even they
don't know I smell like this is
basically what I smell like oh this is
helpful sceptic pencil oh why can't I
get this why do they lock it it's four
dollars
all right so I get asked for help I
guess guys in case you wanted to get a
razor but also playing some beer pong
CBS looks for you
these Kylie lip kits Jenna I found a
Kylie lip kit need some Gatorade fam do
they have like six packs that's probably
better cold is better
don't like me guys this is the only
flavor of Gatorade any of you should
ever be drinking lemon lime or no
Gatorade at all
no Gatorade privileges unless you drink
this come on okay right simple stuff
this is the normal vlogging angle this
is my vlogging angle it's just so much
more convenient hey guys my drugstore
haul Gatorade and then shampoo and body
wash what's the thing I got called I was
up at the front it's the stick that you
like if you cut yourself shaving you rub
it on it and it stops the bleeding
yeah balm yeah um that's my home thanks
for watching are you going come in that
nervous be nervous Herman are you
nervous you nervous you want to run
nervous feed for us he's gonna run
nervous speed this is like a huge
throwback I think this is like a year
ago I did this where I held Kermit until
Jenna was all the way upstairs and then
I let him run at the speed of nervous
miles per hour and it's so fast you want
to go nervous speed hmm Petey you're not
nervous you just weird ow
oh my god I think that was faster than
last time it was also quieter what's
wrong with me all right I gotta do I
gotta work on the vlog for a second but
then I also have to go upstairs and set
up this shoot we're going to use I think
the law of mics on each of us and then
we have an overhead mic and then two
cameras so it's not an easy video but
guys this is where I fucking do this is
my complete unofficial and unqualified
for job all right so this is the room we
were shooting in today and it needs to
be set up with cameras microphones and
jiu-jitsu stuff so I'm gonna set it up
now
okay so behind me I have all the
equipment we're going to need my ball he
never understands that I'm vlogging
model I'm vlogging dude you get it
we're not two camera angles I think my
camera is going to be the main shot and
then her camera over there is going to
be a tight shot we have the mics I'm
gonna get going on putting this together
still don't know exactly how we're going
to shoot this but we'll figure it out as
we go and then I got Jenna's key right
here so this'll be fun this room legit
looks like we could be shooting
something like like some sort of
professional fitness video in here I've
never shot in here like this so this is
kind of cool so we got the light Jenna's
camera overhead and then lobs and then
the stuff down here probably going to
take a little of you know finagling as
we start shooting considerable of two
cameras and the light will change but I
think this is going to be basically it
for now I don't know I'm excited i
disclaimer guys I am just a blue belt
and I do not want to claim anyone by
doing this video that I'm some sort of
teacher or even qualified to teach it's
just something fun because I definitely
know more than Jenna about it which
which I know that Jenna's in the shower
Oh guys uh this is going to be it for
the vlog we got to get going on shooting
this and then I have plans tonight so I
want to be able to have this ready for
you tomorrow to watch and enjoy and have
your breakfast and coffee with hopefully
you guys enjoy this video once it's out
you know what you'll actually probably
have a little bit of a sneak peek
because hers might be a little later
although I don't know you never fucking
know because it's always just I was just
kind of a mess with me huh cheers for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
