are you an adventurer what's happening
we are indeed on an adventure I packed
up the peach and headed off to go see my
mom and sister today so we're heading
over there right now
we got her bed in the car I haven't put
this in the car in a little while so I
think she's happy because anytime I just
drive somewhere without it she doesn't
really know where to be and it's not
very safe you see grandma and rocks and
peach I'm talking to you miss excuse me
miss
so we are grabbing some coffee with my
mom my sister and that's the wat bastard
have you ever come here but I'm not
gonna tell you where we are so you could
just have to test the Wi-Fi password
every coffee shop you go to forever
I love you
it has a box English you heard her and
we're gonna paint it like a boxing game
and she gets to hold it like that this
is a cool little beach town I like it so
we're having some caffeine why is there
an ad on my coffee there's an ad on my
try new quick no I'm drinking coffee I'm
not gonna try anything
you can't oh my god is a real life Papa
Bad's happening in front of us that are
working she literally just bought the
exact thing being advertised me I told
them the Wi-Fi password of this place
but they didn't tell them the place so
they just have to test the Wi-Fi
password everywhere they go
Chuck do not come here ever
alright so honey over here who you've
met this is peaches little best friend
has it has a little little problem
chewing things so this what are these
knots represent use your words they
represent all the times that I needed my
leash
she fell asleep there not a lot going on
I'll share each of these noises one time
she's chewed through her leaves and then
any better pair to avoid
you know that the lease means you get
freedom right as backwards as that
sounds the leash means freedom going to
teach you finally have a friend play so
my sister hurt her hand and it's in a
cast and I don't know if I've said this
before but Roxanne my sister is a dance
teacher so she has her dance students
and obviously they love her but one of
them especially loves her and I think he
proposed to her right except will you
marry me so she has a six-year-old
fiance 3mr fiance got wind of Roxanne's
injury and left her a message so I
wanted to play the message on the vlog
because it's adorable your fiance your
fiance that this is like fiance goals
right now so those kids three and he's
got it all figured out you're lucky he's
a good one I want to meet him now I
don't know
please finally has someone to play with
so fine you following your cousin's good
girl
alright we're headed back home now back
to the nest we killed it though the demo
podcast and now as as when we hang out
with our guests and I think we're gonna
try to play some local rocket league on
twitch you mean you mean when a bunch of
rocket leaves like if we get on a losing
streak it's gonna be ugly
fucking rage not gonna happen anyway Jay
have you been on the blog you have it
for Jay Jay vlog nice to meet you Bob
could I get my drink now go moving it
was a good podcast we just played some
games and hung out chatted and now we
are gonna have a couple more drinks and
proceed with the night guys before I let
you go I just wanted to take a quick
moment rest in peace christina grimmie
we got the news tonight about her being
shot and killed at her meeting Reed
after her concert and it's just the
saddest news ever really scary I think
the biggest reason why it's so scary is
a setting in which she was killed in
he's a very familiar setting to a lot of
youtubers it's just close to home
getting killed at a mean greet it's very
very close to home
first and foremost I want to send all my
condolences and thoughts and prayers
towards christina grimmie see it's
something I can't imagine what they're
going through right now it's just so sad
but I also want to take a second to
first say I love you guys so much and
every single time you've clicked on a
video of mine or chosen to watch me or
follow me
I appreciate that and my love for you is
real just make sure that you are loving
those in your life as much as you can
because you know it's never something
you're ready for when you lose someone
that you love you guys mean a lot to me
my family means a lot to me and it's
just a sad thing good morning guys
so it is a brand new week and it was a
rough weekend it was a rough weekend as
you guys know it was no fun and you know
it's it's one of those things where it
really it affects you in a way that you
know it's hard to just be happy and
carry on with your normal doings when
things like that happen it's sad it's
terrible it's tragic and you know the
last clip on this vlog it was literally
Friday night when we had found out about
christina grimmie and it was devastating
it was horrible it was it was like scary
because of what I was saying how
youtubers are very familiar with the
environment of a mean great she was an
OG youtuber she was an amazing presence
on the platform and did a lot for a lot
of people so that was tough and then
obviously it was just another complete
punch to the gut Saturday when we heard
about the Orlando horrible tragedy I
didn't want to designated a whole video
to me talking about it it's just that
you know it's sad and I wanted to stay
off the internet I really didn't even
make a conscious choice to stay off the
internet I just did
I went kind of dark the whole weekend
and this vlog was initially supposed to
go up on Friday then it was supposed to
go up on Saturday because I was late and
then we had heard about christina
grimmie and i felt it was not
appropriate to post throughout the
weekend so with all that said i hope you
were with people that you loved this
weekend and you hope someone really
close we did have some good times this
weekend you know sporadically amid
the events but we we podcast it with J
which was a blast
he's a super super duper guy and we ate
all our food in the fridge so now we
probably didn't go shopping today so
it's a new week and I hope all of you
are doing okay and I appreciate the
tweets that you guys were sending hoping
that we were doing okay
you know you guys are awesome your
family I also got a couple tweets saying
happy Anniversary you and Jenna so thank
you for that
three three years ago I asked Jenna to
be my girlfriend so it's our official
anniversary even though you know we've
been hanging out a little bit before
that but I appreciate you guys so I was
talking about the shockmount last week
that is this this is the shockmount I
got a replacement shockmount Road sent
me one which is really helpful so I have
that and what I'm gonna do next is
create my own based off of this and I'll
show you guys how I'm gonna do that in a
designated video when I do it I'm really
excited I'm gonna try something out
hopefully it'll kind of upgrade the way
it works which would be really really
nice but anyway I'm gonna close the vlog
and put this together for you we have a
stream tonight we still have to figure
out what we are gonna stream what game
but thank you guys for watching I hope
you all have a happy week I'll see you
tomorrow
you
