good morning it's a hot one and a busy
one today we have a usek video we're
shooting its Jenna's roast yourself
challenge
it basically is Jenna roasting herself
so there's two Jenna's it's going to be
in the music video format which is
really really cool we love to get like
super creative with these ones so I'm
excited but it's going to be a complete
all-day thing she actually he's been
working on the song for like two days so
that's what we were doing today
just wanted to hop on here start the
vlog because I know that I want to be
slammed in a little bit shooting and
getting all this done I love we just use
that lighter to burn down a picture of
Jenna for the video all right we're good
how is it really tight yeah
do you want my help holding it against
the wall
it's pretty funny idea of the roaster
self video so should we go I wanted to
show you this giant a steel plant that
our keel has become look at that it's by
far the most healthy plant we have I
mean the chives are pretty good but the
kale is just Wow look yeah and the peach
is also growing and eating off the
ground which is cool an early-morning
awesome training feeling good going to
eat some lunch soon and then but right
after that we're going to get to
shooting
Jenna's roast Yourself challenge so get
ready for Jenna music video epicness
because more of its coming at you coming
at you oh I want to show you this this
is the most boring accomplishment of all
time but we have a kitchen drawer okay
and I don't know if you guys have
kitchen drawers like this where they're
just fucking messes of things that you
just leave in the drawer we called it
the fuckery drawer because it was like
everything was in there and I don't have
a before although I do have this drawer
which I'm going to clean next this is
our other fuckery drawer as you can see
kind of a little bit of everything and
that's where this drawer over here used
to look like but I cleaned it out and
now we got this so I've got some hands
pens this is a breathalyzer that we need
to use when we're drinking pretty fun
Jessi with my blood alcohol content is
zero I'm fucking sober um it's just like
1,600 why would I not be sober anyway
that drawer is clean and I'm happy it is
a nice little kind of thing in the
kitchen now that we can have some
organization and like I said guys
only the most entertaining cool non
boring adult things in these vlogs also
I started reading this which is Watts
Keys book called how to ruin everything
it's fucking awesome I think it comes
out next week it's it's really dope you
guys should definitely check it out
if you uh if you want a good read Watsky
is a very very talented guy if you don't
know who he is you should come up
because you're missing out um this is
Jenna's notepad all color-coded and
everything this is just the beginning of
the notes for a music video as you can
see if that is what's going to be
guiding us today we're going to be using
the green screen and we're going to be
using a lot of the house to shoot this
video so it's going to be an
all-inclusive affair and hopefully the
final product will be really dope I want
to play you a quick snippet of the song
even though you're already going to have
heard it because my blog is going to
come out probably around the time that
Jenna's video has already been out but
but if I did like it too to 2012 and
anyway uh she did an absolutely killer
job on the track she's getting better
and better like creating those beats for
her songs and music videos and it
started out in like an ironic like goofy
way but she's legit getting good at
making B's so it's kind of cool she
worked like all day yesterday on that
and just uh about half today and it's
just been finished we are starting the
shoot running outside for the first shot
and I want to show you how cute Jenna
looks haha look how cute we're on the
green screen now we are working in the
podcast studio for all the green screen
shots we need for this video they have
good lighting no we don't we just
finished a fake podcast shot for Jenna's
video when Genesis our podcast sucks
you made a podcast that socks see a
weekly cleared everything that way and
now she's she's nowhere that hood
look all weird and it's gonna be mad
dramatic okay but I just want to show
you the process really quick this what's
going on come on come on let's do this
we got me silent disco I hated that one
you do this is a next take you watching
the second one what you thinking I want
one more the good part about this video
which is kind of cool is the bulk of the
shooting I guess or you know maybe half
a video shooting is done right here and
so the setup is very easy all we have to
do is like execute the shots and then
the work comes later and post but I
think it's going pretty well how are you
feeling right now about to do this what
I'm about to do this again I just ducked
out of there for a second cuz Jenna's
doing this spin and she was like do you
like the spin and I was like it's more
of a twirl I like the twirl and I wanted
to connect with you guys because that's
like an office thing so don't do the
twirl why the twirl I don't think the
twirl worked I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding it looks really good
so right now I have this we are about
85% done shooting but because we're at
this part of shooting where we're only
use the green screen and Jenna can kind
of man the camera and do everything fire
around I'm going to start inputting
clips so we can get a jump on the
editing because it's already 21 22 right
now so it's getting kind of late we're
going to eat dinner a little bit but I
figured out what I would just get a head
start so I'm going to input all the
clips and start working on this first
edit then Jenna's going to come in here
with the rest of the footage when she's
done and we will put it all together
damn check this out this is a this is
our fake podcast oh my god my camera's
freaking out over the green screen this
is our that's our fake podcast that we
just shot for Jenna's video I saw a
couple comments on the last few vlogs
saying the mic ever since I modified it
is making that noise I'm aware of it
thank you for letting me know
I appreciate you giving me that instant
feedback ah this is a temporary fix I
only said that briefly in that video
where I made this modification it's a
temporary fix
I actually just submitted a request to
get a new shock mount from rode sent to
me and then I will begin my next project
which you guys will see so there will
eventually be a shock mount on this
camera so I apologize for the sound in
the in the meantime I know it's not
ideal soon it will be a lot better and
I'm going to execute it in a pretty cool
way that hopefully solves the problem
forever
that tastes good morning guys it's the
next day we were up super late doing the
roast but it came out and I'm happy with
it I think Jenna's happy with us got a
little bit of sleep and then I woke up
and got my ass to training but we had a
little food mouths because I went to the
grocery store
hence my shake but yeah I need I need to
finish this vlog for you guys because I
couldn't do it last night I apologize
the bars have been relatively boring
lately yeah this last week or so just
being a little preoccupied with other
things so please excuse it thank you for
watching me and my boring life I
appreciate you guys so much and I'll see
you tomorrow
and there's a bee inside fuck that sucks
there's a giant bee inside looks kind of
like a wasp maybe a Hornet
haha fuck r.i.p me right now can I have
my shake sir
do I get to oh fuck come on go outside
this sucks
look get out of here here's how I'm
going to solve that problem I'm gonna
leave the door open and never go in the
kitchen again
