first doggie bike ride on the summer
yes heavy
we decided it was a perfect day for a
bike ride so we are out riding bikes all
five of us it actually wasn't too bad
getting them in there like Jenna was
saying it's pretty easy because we once
we did it the first time we kind of have
a system where we're able to put their
harnesses on lock them in and then we're
good to go but this is Jenna's new
favorite spot we discovered it yesterday
well I knew about it she discovered
yesterday but it's a it's a legit bike
path is how he's just hiding in the back
seat getting squished probably just
chilling back there bud teaching you so
much he's okay I think if he was bad
he'd be squealing or wherever anyway
it's an absolutely beautiful day we're
on this awesome bike path and we're just
yeah well we'll probably run the path
come back and just go straight home like
and we also brought some ice water we
dumped it on her head thing that little
carrier they might get a little more hot
than yeah yeah so we're keeping it out
of them but it is a beautiful bike ride
day and we're having a wonderful time
you guys good I mean they're a little
warm but it's hot I know I'll be okay
bud
I'll be all right I can hold him - eat
your big body Pete why are you so big
mmm
you so big oh we might need to start
doing these at night for nitrides there
are lights out here so we can't do that
but we might turn around soon cuz it's
getting pretty hot and cuz peach is just
wrecking everything he's good now that I
just fixed are you for the backup you
just needed to go back here for a second
but then couldn't get back Jenna's
getting a nice workout in
I am not probably you are
are you a ruble are you exercising
digging a hole
and one day
I'm fine
first so we went to the bike shop and
Jenna got herself a basket for her bike
so naturally she wants to put marbles in
it are you putting your dog in your
basket I'm taking the Grateful child for
a little ride that's what I'm doing
Kermit Monday well because marble was
like laying down and falling asleep in
the basket or in the trailer yeah look I
bet he would chill in this basket so I
want to test it out and see so I just
hooked his car harness up to the back
yeah so he can't get out that was like a
little bit in there see if he'll try no
all right up in the crapper
I know it's a little weird huh you're
gonna have to figure it out
well oh my god
let me unclip it I'm not gonna try and
jump out he just needs to be safe yeah
my chicken if you don't like it we won't
do it but you were so good in the
trailer and so relaxed and you just lay
there like he fell asleep everything's
okay okay no but you like this I know
you might have to get used to it for a
minute hey guys good morning it's the
next day now guys and my facial hair is
all gone I had been getting really
really sick of the maintenance and it
was hot because it's getting hot and it
was time it was time guys saw I shaved
the beard it'll be back it'll make
another appearance sometime I have to
run off right now to meet a friend my
best friend chase who's in town from
Texas he's in LA on work so I have to
like run out kind of right now which I
didn't really get to vlog much today
because I had training in the morning
and then some other stuff I was doing
the rest of the day but now at 17:30 and
I should
17:30 and I should get out the door in
the next couple minutes ah probably
won't bring you because I might go out
I'm not sure of bringing my caramel but
I'll see you guys when I get back and uh
I did want to show you one thing that's
it I just want to show you peach
is that I look like AI don't sort of
yeah y'all ha
Oh John's making mad beats over here
making that beats kid um I wouldn't say
mad nice I'd say I'm the best of my
ability which isn't very good so like
moderately angry bees not mad well it's
supposed to be a road so I'm waiting for
my uber listen to these hot beats ah
mean I'm serious it's dope
for real though I feel like it's been a
while since I saw my face and shaving
that huge beard and my standards was not
easy so it feels good I feel like summer
this is what needs to happen also my
skin kind of suffers when I have a beard
for that long you sell no energy cuts
the heat huh yeah they don't know what
to do with themselves when this is how
they like just don't have energy to do
anything all right so I'm like five
minutes away from over being here I'm
going to a hotel just over the hill it's
near like the Getty Museum and I'm going
to have some drinks and try to be an
adult tonight my buddy has an adult job
and it's like a after work cocktails
thing so I'm gonna go do that with him
so hopefully I look even sort of welcome
to our Joffrey he scoffed at me yo it is
the end of the night and Jenna's still
hard at work
she's been working like all day on this
thing and I am editing and getting some
of the stuff done on my computadora
I know I have a pretty great accent I'm
also having a squid snack doesn't look
like a quick snack because it's an
entire pizza but for me that's quick
snack if you don't put loads
loads of red pepper on your pizza I
can't really understand you it's like on
an existential level anyway I actually
got to play some rocket League tonight
it's been a nice little relaxation for
me lately although I've been getting my
ass handed to me online and then it gets
to be like not relaxing it's like
frustrating but you know you know I mean
it's still fun I'm gonna get to work on
this blog in this pizza for now I want
to say thank you to everyone who gave me
a congratulation and tweeted me and
everything about getting my blue belt
I'm really excited about that
accomplishment been working really hard
for that and feels good to have achieved
it so thank you guys as always for just
being dope I had a good time tonight
with Chase he was at work even though he
wasn't at work so I kind of dipped out a
little earlier than I expected but I
will probably see him again tomorrow and
Thursday because those the only days
he's in town and I really never get to
see him yeah how would another look at
this pizza anyway guys may you have all
the pizza and be all the happy thank you
for watching the vlog I'll see you
tomorrow
