we're not the blacks club you will not
address me as blogspot fucking hog squad
okay we're the hog squad I'm not gonna
show you just did though when you stay
right there are you gonna fall backwards
you stay right there
I feel like you're gonna fall don't
fucking fall have you sandwiched between
two cans of coffee so you don't fall
over that's what you look like right now
anyway this morning we threw the darts B
the darts
why didn't I think of that the decided
dart landed on Bruno Idaho so we're
actually near LAX right now I've never
been to the state of Idaho I've very
excited to go I'm also excited because
it looks like a whole entirely like new
scene it's gonna be cold the scenery is
completely different than any of the
other episodes I'm fairly excited
so we're grabbing some breakfast and
this fucking guy won't leave me alone
who are you talking to
alright so we just got to the airport
and are all checked in we have like
hours and hours and hours to spare
because our flights not till like 5:00
and it's fairly tuned but the bar that
we found has a little robot in front of
it that we just talked to and I want to
go talk to him again because he seemed
really nice I've never talked to her
about before he moves his hands all week
thank you
well hello my name is pepper welcome to
the point of a cafe I can show you our
food special teams and unique craft
beers from our draft selection tell me
what you want to discover alcohol okay
just a second I am checking my
encyclopedia britannica Goldenberg worse
quality here or its sharing tell me the
style you prefer to helping you find the
perfect there for you one question
okay thanks I actually don't want that
beer there's very nice hard to do I'll
be ever wonderful day I like and enjoy
taking over the great that's all I have
to present to you for now
we made it to Boise we are in the
downtown area right now just came
straight from the airport where like 40
of you guys we're waiting so patiently
for us to arrive such a ridiculous warm
welcome that's a red light that's a red
light saved your life and we got our car
now we're checked into our hotel and
we're looking for some late-night food
yeah you want to be in it
oh yeah say what's up ha ha ha shouts
out Boise right so we're gonna get some
food what are we going to pile shut your
piehole shut your pile say something to
the vlog give me some content for once I
got there's a new thing great that's
what do you think I could kill you in NZ
right now no one's around so the first
time on any of these trips we got
invited to do some media some press
Boise State University radio is gonna
interview us this morning so we just
parked just outside the university we're
gonna meet my name's Bailey she's has a
show on the radio station and she's
gonna interview us about last minute
trips and this is kind of starting off
the trip are you yeah I used to do
college radio
I'm just relieved oh my this is so
nostalgic for me like you've no idea
awesome that was fun super easy
you're a pro by the way you're really
good yeah yo dude is it a jet mr. Harry
is cold that's crazy
so we chased down these sand dunes
because we heard that Bruno or outside
Bruno which is Bruno State Park sand
dune someone some of this massive sand
dune now and we came all the way up here
we scaled aside because we were climbing
up the front of it
the sand that almost turned out horrible
yeah it's trivia it's kind of like snow
but the sand was blowing in our face
obviously so we came from the side
whenever on top had a bit of a
mind-bending experience I really can't
wait for this episode to come out and
you guys this yeah because this is just
it's just it's just cool but now we got
to get down safely because there's a lot
of sand and if you know anything about
cameras you know that Sandin cameras
don't get along very well at all
we're leaving Bruno right now and this
episode was so special
visually some of the most incredible
things I've ever seen in my life but
we're driving back to Boise now because
we're trying to beat the sunlight as
it's like going over the hill and I
think I finally have found my mattes
clouds it's a really rare type of cloud
that looks like little drops like little
circle drops forming at the bottom of
the Shelf of clouds this is what I'm
seeing right now I'm not positive but it
looks it looks like they're my mattes I
don't know I could I could be wrong and
it can also be like an early early stage
my mattes put it yeah the one that
looked like light bulbs hanging out from
the clouds
those are my modest clouds and I've
literally I've like quite literally had
dreams about seeing what mattes clouds
in real life wow really cool fitting I'd
say
we found a place called space bar a bar
that has games let's get it safe garlic
press space bar and it's actually super
job there's all these little pinball
games and arcade games so we're playing
right now Colin has already lost a
pinball versus and so there's no way to
lose these guard alone there we go oh my
god dude count your autograph you're so
good at this game Joe
