you bet
and you
91 degrees well it is legit summer so I
guess this is just the beginning
anyway good morning everyone I am in my
car at a red light
safely talking to you I'm headed off to
lunch I'm gonna meet Josh and Ronald for
lunch
Arnold's coming to this part of town and
we're gonna grab some food so I'm gonna
meet them in just a few minutes
and then I got a stop at Keaton's place
and give him his mics back now I will
stop vlogging because the light is about
to turn green happy Friday something
amazing just happened I found a spot
near the lunch spot we're going to to
park my car there's never ever ever
parking over here we're like in Studio
City we're going to sugar fish per
tradition because I never seen Arnold
anymore so we kind of have to my pants
are untied anyway I saw a couple
comments in my last book you know my
pants are like really untied
all right I saw some comments in my last
vlog saying my glasses were crooked and
it was bothering someone I think that's
just my face I'm legit think my face is
crooked because this this feels normal
and I looked in the mirror and it looks
crooked do I have a crooked face this is
fucked up dude I'm having a crisis right
now anyway I'm early so I'm gonna put my
name on the list so I was crossing the
street and these peeps had like a really
heavy electric wheelchair type thing so
I helped them pull it up on the curb cuz
there's no ramp you don't think about
that kind of stuff when you don't ride
in a wheelchair I'm looking in the
reflection of myself right now my
glasses are a hundred percent crooked my
face is crooked
that crooked face you make when you have
a crooked face anyway I put our name
down just waiting on the guys to get
here so we can eat some food now I'm
excited for food but I'm also excited
again the side is hot what's up yeah
well nothing an Escalade
that a nose hello you guys don't get to
come out here and it is now almost 2100
hours we are going out it's Thursday
night and we're going out for drinks
with um one of John Cochran who we
podcasted with last week I think and we
like totally hit it off with him he's
like a super nice guy and so we're gonna
go meet him for drinks tonight the
interesting thing is he's leaving for
New York for like a lot of months for a
writing job so we're gonna hang out them
before he goes
and as you can see it is hot this thing
is kind of saving us right now yeah I
know yeah you had a walk earlier you
haven't even cooled down yet then it's
been a hot one I would say it's been the
hottest day yet since last summer
whatever I just got done excuse me Oprah
I just got done playing some rocket
League with my buddy Jay Walker which
was a hell of a good time because we
both just like we're meshing as a team
and we were kind of destroying except
towards the end we kind of got rekt
towards the end we don't really know
what happened going out to the bar now
I'm excited to go out have a drink and
also to see John I get to hang out with
him a bit before he leaves to the East
Coast for like I think like eight months
or something I don't know yeah let's go
be social adults now what do you say huh
yeah
so I found a phone it's not mine
and I literally don't even know how to
turn it on I'm gonna give it to the BART
in there
right there
we can't pass a night with drama no man
I'm so pissed that he's living in New
York heading in this actually bartender
now
morning guys I had an absolutely amazing
time last night with John I'm like so
happy for him because he had this new
job and he's moving to New York for like
a whole year but at the same time I'm
like so pissed that we don't get to see
him and we just started hanging out but
it's like one of those things you know
it's um I'm really happy that he's going
and like doing this thing that's
uncomfortable and far because he's
chasing the dream you know he's like
he's living it anyway it is now in the
morning I am just a little bit hungover
and we have some friends coming over
today uh you guys remember Ally from
Google Japan she was our friend hanging
out with us when we were in Tokyo
she was our sweet awesome friend over
there her husband are coming over to
hang out with us because they are in
town and naturally we are going to be
having some pizza vegan pizza she's me
so what I'm going to do is all in the
vlog a little bit later so you can see
her because she'll want to see you she
loves you but I wanted to let you know
that I'm going to be getting another
lens and I'm very very excited about it
so I'll tell you all about the lens and
even more about my camera because a lot
of you guys ask what camera I rock and
everything so when I get the lens I'll
kind of dedicate some videos to the
setup because I want you guys to know
what you want to know but now we have
like t-minus an hour and 40 minutes till
pizza and Ally
Ali came alligators these otters from
Japan you're so sweet
do you like that walk remembers evaluate
log books my name is Frank
Roz hey we're just reminiscing on Japan
moment we were hanging out but these are
ours she brought my way from Japan oh
say that again the dang family yeah
thank you guys for watching have a great
weekend
