good morning guys today we have quite a
bit on the agenda by we I mean us Josh
is setting up a set what the fuck is
going on besides I wanted to be in the
frame but now you're in the friend you
are the frame I don't want to leave the
whole frame Josh wants to be the whole
friend nothing I didn't say that said I
wanted to be in the frame now anyway
josh is launching some new cool projects
which he will tell you about when he is
ready but in order to do it he wants to
build a set right yeah but I don't know
how to do it correctly you do yes so
we're gonna we're going to make a couple
trips to a couple stores today and get
what we need for the set yeah first stop
is getting you a lens yes because I only
have the one that comes with the camera
just a nifty 50 that's what they kept
you busy
this is the best buy that we go to like
once a week it's like a regular sorry I
got this camera oh it is yeah you look
at a TD the a DD it sounds like you're
saying a DD edge' D a TD and well camera
is that a DD attention deficit disorder
camera yes it is what we heard squirrel
yeah we're getting him a 50 millimeter
lens which they should have here I think
I've seen it here and if you don't have
it we're also going to get them some
lights and then move on to the next spot
moving on we are at EVs which is our
favorite camera store in the valley we
got a podcast camera here we got my old
camera here this place is legit
what does it stand we don't know it
stands for this is the e stand for and
you stands for sales rentals studios
they just don't abide by proper acronyms
places too much fun
we're about to leave we got that's so
weird I love this place
we got Josh's mic we got the chords you
need the adapters and him a tripod and I
also got a shock mount for us because we
needed one so this is a very useful trip
watch out McLovin he's gonna card you
alright the last step on our journey of
getting things is Guitar Center to get
Josh a mic stand and a guitar and it
gets I'm kidding the guitar
look at this sticker that they put on my
camera and Best Buy
to make we're gonna steal some yeah they
didn't want people to think I was
stealing my camera my own camera with
the mic on it with a clip on it like
yeah I stole this camera from Fast Five
mic stand and then dr. Dreyfuss spot so
what we're doing today is setting Josh
up with a set at his house for a series
that he's doing on his channel which
he'll tell you guys about but I'm just
helping him like on the technical side
with the equipment and how to make it
look right and whatever but we just had
a conversation where we were talking
about a cool idea that we could actually
do a project together on and it's like
it's kind of dope so we might be working
on something else together that you guys
get to watch in the future it's a cool
idea
we're coming up with cool shit you guys
to watch cool fucking dope a static
content
so we've basically finished setting up
josh's set it it looks nice but we are
testing the audio right now it's my
video will take a shit first experience
what something where's my name is Joshua
David Josh finally has good audio which
makes I'm happy after over 800 videos
this is gonna be Josh's voice that's
Josh's face
then there's the Josh ah sorry I just
hit you with my lens this is the setup
guys and I think Friday he'll have a
video with this new series so I'm
excited probably as excited as you
actually I'm more excited yeah he's got
his his mic up here and it sounds great
looks great so I am I'm happy with this
you got a whole like setup here I do a
little setup and yeah pretty sweet can't
believe in shooting videos for so long
and never had the appropriate I'm not
quitting it for it once you go good
audio you don't go back
that's a sinner yeah this is alright so
I am leaving Josh's right now and we had
about like a three hour day went around
and collected everything we needed for
him and it was honestly really fun cuz I
enjoy that stuff finish with that now
gonna head home and not eat some food I
am
what the fuck else is new sit hmm get
their faces stay model peaches sit okay
Pete you stay guys who did this who peed
Kermit we know it wasn't you Kermit cuz
it's not in a straight line
it's either people who p PG was a you
it's either you were marble cuz it's in
a circle kid you said did you pee did
you do this Marvel did you do this
marble did you pee looks like a
marvelous marble look at this marble did
you do this marble I know your old man
but you know better thank you for doing
it on the tile that's also how I know it
was you cuz you're trying to do it in
the least messy place but this is bad
marble marble mob like expect better
from you
marble I was home you can never really
tell though because sometimes he just
does that if you use that voice marble
I'm gonna clean up your pee marble look
what you're making mommy do I know
you're old and you're a little guy you
gotta pee a lot but I don't like this
this is not like you are you feeling
okay marble I don't like when you pee
marble it's almost touching me marble I
don't like it it's supposed to be the
leader
so we are shooting a video tonight for
Jenna that we need a love Mike for and
although we've been meaning to get a
love like we still haven't gotten our
laughs like so I hit up Keaton at a
last-ditch effort to see if he could let
us borrow his and of course Keaton the
man comes through so we are going to run
over to Keens place and get his lob mic
so we can shoot Jenna's video with it
today so that is awesome he is super
clutch for helping us out there but I
figured we should stop and grab him some
churros for his trouble on the way so we
are going to grab some churros
grab the LOB Mike and then get to
filming it's pretty funny video I did
this week you guys will already
obviously have seen it by now
good thing about post mates is you never
have to leave your house to get awesome
food the bad thing is you never know
where these restaurants are when you
want to go to them so I'm trying to find
this place called happy days where we
get our churros from and uh says it's
right here so think I'm in the right
place
oh shit I think I'm a oh fuck
sort of in the right place Tim and I
understand
No
like I like
thank you so much all right we got
Keaton's love my kid here which is so
clutch this is actually what it takes to
make us order one like we always say we
need a lot of I mean you love my clap
you never do it so now that we have one
and we're going to use it and realize
how much we need it we're going to get
one churro break I'm eating wait like
I'm eating so many churros lately like
for the last like eight years I couldn't
eat churros and I had no place to ever
find them so I'm making up for literally
eight years worth of true legit anyway
today's been a good day tomorrow is also
an exciting day because I get to have
drinks with a friend with whom I'm very
excited to have drinks with so that will
be great I also have some more work to
do tonight and I have to be up in the
morning to Train so I'm going to leave
you guys hanging here I think you got it
from here
I think you can handle the rest of the
day from here I trust you I believe in
you so you guys go have a great day
thank you for spending time with me and
watching my blog I'm gonna finish this
churro and likely another one or two
then I will see you guys tomorrow
you
