so guys today I'm going to answer your
questions
a quick note I'm really going to try to
mix these q and A's in like a lot more
often because I realize you like them
and I like filming them so let's get on
a more regular basis of answering your
questions so here we go hey hey hey
doesn't filming here do you have any
irrational fears uh you know I don't
have any irrational fears right now but
when I was in high school my friend
Andrew and I every time we were walking
on the sidewalk and there was a storm
drain with you know great we would be so
terrified of walking on top of it
because we were convinced it was going
to like let us fall through - who the
hell knows where somewhere on the ground
like we it was so rational but we were
so bought into the fact that we could
never step on a storm drain so thank God
we never stepped on one right Andrew
like realize where's the one place
you've always wanted to travel to this
is gonna be kind of a weird answer but
the UK I've been in a lot of places that
I feel really lucky to have ever gone to
I got to go to Australia Ireland and a
couple other really really cool places
and the UK is seemed to be something
that I've always wanted to experience
both with the people and also the clouds
guys hook me up United Kingdom subscribe
do you have a toilet time game on your
phone I don't have a toilet time game on
my phone right now because I have been
going on reddit a lot when it's toilet
time I feel like that requires a lot
less focus but if you have any
suggestions I will take them what's your
current go-to snack
churros con this place that has Tros I
can eat so that's literally all I've
been eating on a more regular note
excuse me excuse me
I eat a lot of fruit when I snack Canon
or Nikon neither how do you execute the
perfect time-lapse and what software to
use well there's no perfect time-lapse
there's time lapses that look cooler
than others and I try to find a lot of
motion in any given time if it's the
clouds that are moving or if it's
traffic or people or shadows something
that can convey a sense of like time
passing through movement so if you can
find something that conveys movement I
feel like that's going to be a pretty
good time lapse and burn many software's
you can use I do it manually on my
computer or I use it in the camera
because my camera has a function for it
what is your ideal sound my ideal sound
is at the end of a really long day when
I climb into bed and I'm getting ready
to like fall asleep and peachy's
cuddling me and she lets out like a
giant puppy sighs like it she's like she
legit says with her breath like I'm
relaxed like she does this long side the
end of the day it's so cute and I love
hearing it are you guys gonna get any
more dogs well we were talking about it
yesterday we were talking about Afghan
hounds we're not gonna get one but
they're really funny because they're
just really really a loose like they
don't understand anything but they're
sweet and yeah we won the big dog I just
feel like it's not gonna happen for a
little while so right Jenna if you and
Jenna decide to move out of SoCal where
would you move somewhere beautiful maybe
like the Pacific Northwest somewhere
I love Oregon I feel like I would love
Washington I've never really been there
that much Texas is an option but I don't
know I feel like all that is just a
little bit down the line what's your
advice for living with your significant
otter
my advice is embrace the process and
understand that it's never going to just
one day be perfect like there's always
going to be things and you need to work
through another person when you live
with them but at the same time living
with them can be so freaking awesome
because you're with your best friend
two percent of the time and you get to
hang out all the time
well hello there see you like this I
love it I was answering the question
what's it like living with your
significant other it's the best you
smell blood Wow
thank you very much it's fuck you Dale
still a thing I absolutely love that
seeing as it's my name is your whiskey
that you started aging and you said
you'd open when you hit a million subs
still there it is still there and every
time I walk by it it gives me the finger
because I'm not a million subs if you
could own any animal in the world
extinct or not what would it be like a
giant prehistoric tortoise like a huge
tortoise that I can just ride around on
top of slows fuck for like 300 years can
you do some more julienne work out of
logs um yeah I can I will if you want me
to I feel like every time I do one you
guys are like oh great you're working
out big deal that and also I haven't
been doing a lot of lifting which I
really really am trying to get back into
I need to find a program but once I do I
will absolutely show you me lifting
weights if that's what you'd like what
is the most difficult / frustrating
thing about being a vlogger / filmmaker
well first of all I don't even know if I
would call myself feel like here I kind
of have my own thing going where I make
little videos and I get creative with
them but by no means do I think I'm some
filmmaker I think the toughest part is
some days you just are having a rough
day and you might still have to vlog
when I need to take a day off I'll take
a day off
that doesn't change the fact if some
days you're just having a rough day but
I feel like a lot of times when I'm not
having a great day you guys notice and
as much as that day might suck I think
it's important because you're getting me
what is incredibly dawn or has happened
to you never thought it'd happen so when
I was a little kid my brother and I
would play ping pong at our grandparents
house every time we visit them because
they had a ping pong table and adjacent
to the ping pong table they had this old
like hot tub that no one really used but
it was there and part of the hot tub is
that giant cover for it and the cover
stays down because it has this buckle
that clips in on side
we were playing ping pong one day if you
can imagine the strap was going down the
side of the hot tub and the buckle was
sticking out like a quarter-inch because
that's how big the buckle is was just
sticking out it was stuck that way and
obviously we didn't notice it because
it's a tiny buckle but we're playing
ping pong and he hits this shot and it
gets by me some amazing miracle that he
got upon me but it got by me and I turn
around I couldn't find the ball I was
like where the hell did it go but if
they should stop bouncing it did make a
noise it would disappear and he comes
around the table and he does look and he
points that tiny buckle and the ball is
just sitting on top of it like it just
somehow just appeared then it was the
most magical thing that's happened in my
entire life
by far it was crazy hey Julian I notice
you're not as big as you were in your
older videos how much way to be lost are
you ever going to start bulking again I
lost roughly 20 pounds from switching my
diet to basically more plant-based I cut
out all meat and all dairy and
I still have a little fish in my diet
but I lost the weight from doing that
sant√© you know I might I might try to
put some more weight on again but I
don't think I'll ever change my life
back to what it was I just I feel too
good right now like every day my body
just feels good
any beard products that you can
recommend since you've got that dad
beard going at all well thank you I have
been using beard wax from a brand called
the morning after they sent me some and
it's amazing it smells really great and
also a good brush and beard wash it's
important although I'm still an amateur
I'm quite happy with my progress any new
TV shows you've been getting into
recently Jenna I've been watching beyond
scared straight that shit's funny it's
also like a really good show it's like
makes you feel things 60 days in was
incredible they started a second season
which I'm really hyped up for and
obviously like Game of Thrones Silicon
Valley if you could be any flavored
Gatorade
what would you be yellow that is easy if
you don't like yelling I don't
understand you it's the best flavor was
there ever a the one that got away
relationship you know my first seriously
long relationship has been Jenna but
there was a girl that I dated dated I
was visiting New York for like two weeks
one time when I was in college and I met
a girl there who was visiting from
coincidentally the same two weeks in New
York and she was from the UK and we like
almost immediately hit it up and started
going on dates hanging out I honestly
don't even know what I thought was gonna
happen because we both had to go to
complete opposite ends of the world in
like ten days and then uh then when we
left I was like back at college I was
like damn I'm back at home now and she's
back in London so
cool but it wasn't the one that got away
I would just say that was probably one
of the more serious ones before having
dated Jenna do you vlog edit upload on
the same day or edit / upload the next I
kind of vary from day to day in blog to
blog ideally I vlog one entire day edit
that night and post the next morning
that's like my ideal scenario but a lot
of the time it doesn't really work out
that way because of a number of reasons
either the vlog wasn't finished so I had
to finish it the next day or I'm going
on that night but that's that's the
ideal situation what are my favorite
pizza toppings this is going to sound
like totally lame but like a veggie
pizza is like my shit right now
like with olives onions bell peppers
like I don't know why I just crater all
the time
vessel we're blurryface got a safe
vessel blurryface is great but that's do
I ever miss my man bun honestly not at
all I'm actually surprised I let it go
on that long
my life is so much simpler now I wake up
and my hair is already done
I don't have to it's just never in my
face he was getting in my face to the
point where I was losing my mind
also you know I think it suits me now
the short hair alright guys that's going
to do it for this questions I thank you
for sending your question to me I will
try to do these more regularly even to
the point of maybe weekly if you guys
would really like that let me know in
the comments also let me know other
questions
Jenna's not opposed to it so maybe we'll
do it maybe it'll be a thing a thing
could be a whole thing
hello dere wait I wanna say I want to go
through hot alright let's take you I
gotta wash my face though we've got fake
tan on it and it's a little right today
was that you got hit by the hot potato
over your heart over come over to hop
over charm
