what's up guys uh I hope you all had a
wonderful Memorial Day we are finishing
ours up right now and we really just
kind of had a nice kind of low-key day
we did go hiking at this place near
Griffith Park it's called the old LA Zoo
and basically it's where the old LA Zoo
was and it was really cool I initially
had wanted to go there a while ago just
shoot some stuff but I'm really glad I
saw it
anyway we are gonna head over into the
podcast room and stream in a little bit
but I just want to hop on here and say
hello currently we've been watching
videos of Afghan hounds because they're
really really dumb
the Afghan hound is one of the most
difficult dogs to train and some would
say the least intelligent breed you
could have or one of and you've been
really amused because even watching they
live in their own prisons if you if you
won't ever want to feel good about how
smart your dog is maybe watch some
videos of an Afghan hound because it's
truly amazing what they are incapable of
oh there's this problem with my mic okay
I have this mic the road micro and it's
okay it's not the best but my biggest
issue with it is it so big and it moves
around because it has a shock now and I
broke it because of that it snapped off
because it was sitting on my hip and it
caught on the chair walking by in
Florida so I've been using it taped so
it would stay on but I think on my -
something about l8er today I think I'm
gonna do something about that in a bit
so what I got here is basically a broken
down version of my microphone which is a
rode videomicro this is basically the
smallest camera mic that they sell its
mounting plate or the shock mount rather
but that broke as you can see right here
it caught on a chair when I was in
Florida in this snap so previously I had
this part taped up I had it wrapped up
with this wire and then taped on top of
it but upon using it to the point where
I can't really do that anymore this is
this is basically retired so here's the
bottom part what I did was see that
Allen hole right there i unscrewed it
which basically detached it from this
this used to be mounted there so I
detached it from there so what I'm going
to try to do is basically cut right
there and just take this semicircle that
holds the mic and somehow tape it to
this bottom part and cut these off too
so it's literally it's literally just
going to look like that hopefully it'll
make the whole mic system a lot smaller
and more convenient and hopefully I'll
fuck
thing up oops I liked it for it to just
be like that so I'm wondering how to
best do this so what I'm doing right
here is I'm trying to make this little
thing fit in the hot shoe and I'm trying
to do this without damaging the actual
hot shoe I'm trying to just wedge it in
between right here underneath the
brackets so I'm trying to like flatten
this I think I did it guys look at that
I slammed it into the hot shoe but I
didn't do it in a way that would hurt
the hot shoe like the electrical
components in the hot shoe are still
intact this is just wedged into the
front and it's there's no shock mount
anymore but look at that now that's a
convenient vloging like so this is what
I ended up with basically like my
version of the best vlogging like you
could have I think for my problem in
that my problem was my mic was
completely broken this has solved it
although this is probably only a
temporary solution because if I knock
this on something if it hits something
this will just break out of the hot shoe
and then the whole thing's fucked so
what I'm gonna think about doing is
maybe 3d printing one of these with a
hot shoe mount like built into it so I
can just take this on and off that's
probably the ultimate goal right there
maybe I'll do that been messing around
with picture profiles on my camera
obviously the first part of this vlog
was shot in one picture profile that you
haven't seen before
it's um it's more like a cinematic look
the second part of this vlog is shot
with Jenna's camera so it's on my camera
at all but this is a separate picture
profile that I would actually vlog in
this is like a realistic vlogging
profile that I don't know what it looks
like but I hope it looks good so it's
going to be some trial and error but let
me know which one's your favorite
obviously compare this part of the blog
right here to my old walks don't compare
it to any other part of this vlog yeah I
made some dope modifications to my mic
if I might say so myself like I can't
even believe how it worked
I'll probably get a person of this 3d
printed that's more functional but for
now like I'm pretty proud of that
considering I just kind of did it
off-the-cuff and almost ruined my mic
because of it but seems to be working so
we are going to do some the wolf among
us we leave those playing in the
background so I don't want it's a big
dog because we're watching videos of
Afghan hounds and it makes for one a big
dog go get a big dog we're gonna put all
his name is Gary we should figure it out
or you could be a whatever dog I don't
really care it's just one day blues are
wicked smart Shanna showed me some
poodles and they are fucking smart as
hell my dog looks slightly smarter than
what I'm currently working with well the
bar has been set pretty much on the
floor because it's stupid we're saying
is the nicest way possible
you guys aren't very smart BGE
me you dumb she's the smartest one that
says a lot doesn't it she's smart
they're all smart but it would be nice
to have a dog unit there's be my big
body yeah
a big dog would be nice to have I know
work on out let's let's figure it out
let's get us a big dog I would do I
would love a dog don't you gotta get him
a big friend and then you gotta get them
another friend
that's all this works that's how this
works
that's how all of this works let's start
with the wolf among us and see where it
gets us for real though I want a big jar
to you you know that all right you want
a wolf are you gonna do this the dink
fans here they've been chattin hi was a
high ranking yeah sorry guys you ever
want to just have a conversation with
peeps they're hanging in here at all
times it's pretty awesome
but her patrons know better Holly takes
good care of her regulars often the
downtrodden tables with little despair
but she has no patience for the
Fabletown government that has done
nothing to locate her missing sister
because we found her dead good call snow
needy as make it out look hmm
gee you guys miss us while we were
streaming yeah remember look at that
face peach chill
getting invested in this game guys
invested but uh we're gonna wind down
for the night so sure I did to the mic
no like it used to be on this giant
shock mount so it was up this high you
notice how it lower it is now so I broke
the shock line I clipped it and I just
jammed it in here but I'm gonna try to
get it 3d printed
to get it like remade um anyway thanks
for watching guys see you mom
