morning guys we're going on a hike today
it's exciting it's a fucking amazing day
outside and I got some Friday training
in which I never really get to do it's
kind of a last-minute thing
so I'm like already awake and we got
some good sleep last night and my
brother texted me he's going on a hike
with his friend in Malibu which is a
little ways away but we're going to take
the trip and go on the hike we're gonna
have a fruit smoothie first and then
we're going to be on our way
over the hill I want to show you what
I'm bringing though this is my backpack
like my tiny little backpack and it fits
the whole drone and some other stuff
down there batteries and stuff also
there's a nice coffee stain on this
white backpack pretty sure Rome did that
not positive even if she didn't thanks a
lot from yeah we're gonna get ready I'm
almost ready I'm put a hat on it's
pretty sunny out and I know we'll be on
our way I'm excited I have been on hike
in a while and we're going to see the
ocean I never get to see the ocean
anymore
Oshin so we made it to the hike after
about an hour driving and going the
wrong way a couple times we are on the
hike here with Marlon what's up guys in
Spain River they took us to the complete
wrong spot so we had to improvise and
find another hike but we're like in
Malibu now so we came all the way over
the hill we're like right near the water
but supposedly this hike is nice because
there's there's waterfalls and rivers
river just said there's rivers so income
it was like three steps out of the car
so it's a good hike so he had to go yeah
we went up this really really whiny road
which was cool because you were like
above the clouds and I'm like oh this is
dope and meanwhile Jenna's like losing
her mind cuz there's no railings on some
of them and it's not the safest looking
road but we made it so hiked we will
bless you bless you Pat so we we were
going in the dark started your hot so we
found a little creek back there and like
baptize them just got them all wet
because the water is nice and cool and
they were getting real hot Kermit was
doing this thing because he does it when
he gets hot is he just like shade seeks
on the walk or on the hike
he'll just be constantly pulling the
leash towards wherever the shade is the
Iggy's run hot too they rest at their
body temperature at 103 Fahrenheit so
they're prone to being extra hot come on
mumble but marbles I got this fur coat
on so now we're all nice and cool we're
gonna probably do a little more hiking
and then turn around it's really nice
though it's nice to be in nature
especially over by the water so it's
like so crazy hot well what's that hat I
don't know its rivers mammy Hannah
Hannah you all superdad thank you you
look like extra dad dad is fuck and
you're welcome
how can you daddy where's your hacker
shirt it's at home I need to wash it
before it fits it's a little big
I don't like shirts that are long and
that you sit on when you get in the car
what a weird reference point for a shirt
someone sent mana shirt that says not a
hacker on it isn't it that guy from
twitch isn't that his much I don't know
model decided not to wear it it's pretty
ungrateful I said we're finishing up the
hike now we turned around and the dog
should be nice and exhausted like so
exhausted it smells so good it sounds
like nature I love it
maybe so cute Duke is cute dukey's
rivers dog he's not alive right climate
oh yeah please have a rule put your
whole head inside it whoa something
lives in there dude
just wanted note write a note if you
want to share a memory or experience
write on a piece of paper and put it in
the tree yeah we're we're in fucking
Malibu
yeah my family and dog this is a truly
amazing place I couldn't agree more tree
thanks for your knowledge and sharing
your thoughts tree it's a pretty cool
hole it's a pretty cool hole Marlon 2k16
I do Duke is such a puppy so we're on a
hike a lot of beautiful trees out we
visual day just say you finished final
so you're just screaming your apartment
no I was saying I was trying to get
honey to howl like you guys get your
dogs to hell so I was just sitting there
just like and she wasn't she was just
looking at me like like who the fuck are
you honey you don't need to help
look at this pack we got some fucking
swamp so many dogs damn we really out
here though this is how you're meant to
wear dad hat right here oh yeah
he's not just lumber son time like a
total dad is that that
what all right honey I'm gonna remove
you so you don't drink too fast good
guys
why are you doing yeah that's fine if
you don't finish it you dumped it on
their head all right drink it or wear it
you guys a little bit thing love you
later later River nice see you guys good
hike bye guys
yeah texts up all right so the hike is
finished and we are headed back over the
hill now we've worked up an appetite so
I'm hungry
No
whereas men on this one
fuck yeah these new shoes I ordered
having on your shoes in months like a
long time but I'm excited for those
because I've been wanting this for a
while I finally found them someone
tweeted that pain you're confusing me
because your hair says 20 year old guy
but your beard says Road Trip uncle so
from now on I am the road trip uncle
whatever the fuck that means like that
is so fucking creepy but you know what
sometimes you gotta go on a road trip
the uncle I don't fucking know anyway we
ordered some food it's gonna be here
soon I had a wonderful hike it was like
a full-on day trip because we went all
the way to Malibu and got lost and then
found the hike which is already like a
45-minute trip in and of itself but it
was really nice like I'm really really
happy we did it so we're gonna eat and
figure out what is on the docket for
tonight cuz it is Friday night I also
have to get this bargain for you
Holly sable ivory so alarmed whoas a
we're here with Robert who is one of the
most participants in the program Robert
I've seen like five minutes of it we're
watching the 60 days in I guess you
could say it's really all get to meet
each other and watch the footage for the
first time since being in the jail
anybody the food was so good though we
ate dinner in that voice come on guys I
want to get this for good for you since
it starting to get late and I figured
since I have most of it shot I might as
well try to get it up for you since it's
still Friday so thank you guys so much
for watching the vlog this week I really
really appreciate it
see you guys in the next vlog I'll see
you on snapchat over the weekend and
have a happy Memorial Day weekend stay
safe have fun and I'll see you guys
