you
boring guys I'm up it's about 9:00 right
now and I'm caffeinated because I have a
meeting
look at me I never have meetings so
that's the end of the sentence I don't
know yeah I'm going to a meeting over
the hill it's I guess you could say like
West LA is where we're going
per my shirt and I'm trying to
caffeinate the good part of the meeting
is I'm potentially doing something cool
and I get to meet someone about it
the bad part of the meeting is I have to
miss training and I hate missing
training but it can wait because today
we have something special we got to
leave them like probably 15 minutes
because I have to account for an hour of
traffic uh normally without traffic
15-minute rides so maybe maybe I should
start drinking faster what I do when I'm
trying to drink coffee but fast that I'm
not trying to like enjoy it but I'm
really just trying to caffeinate it I
just throw some ice in it turn into a
nice copy it's not very convenient but
once you get it cold you can drink it
faster so that's what I did
on my way guys
as the clouds are sick today I know I've
been talking about the clouds a lot
lately but they there's just been like
this whole layer of storm looking clouds
over where we live the last couple days
and it's awesome and like sure everyone
likes a nice beautiful sunny happy day
but what's more interesting to look at
like a plain blue nothing sky or a sky
filled with giant formations of water
and ice it's just fucking cool dude
especially when it's like the whole sky
today so the traffic has commenced but
it looks like since it's almost 10:00
I've weeded out most of the drive time
traffic
so all right I'm here I am parked in
this lot and I'm gonna have my meeting
now I'm a little early but I have to go
to the bathroom so that I'm going on my
meeting so I'll see you guys are not
back all right
just kidding first of all I'm driving
right now
so you're in the cupholder I swear to
god I'm not vlogging and driving while
holding and driving the meeting didn't
happen because I went to the wrong
fucking place okay let me just show you
really quick okay I'm supposed to meet
at San Vicente and Wilshire why did they
create to San Vicente and Wilshire's
there's one here and then there's one
where I'm supposed to be over here so my
meeting got rescheduled it is now almost
1:00 so I'm almost at the right San
Vicente and well sure but damn that is a
confusing like fuck up on the part of
whoever created streets here anyway I
had a couple hours to kill so I went to
see my brother and my mom ah but now I
am back on my way to a meeting for real
this time so I'll see you guys and I'm
done for real this time
it's not even morning but you need
somebody say good morning Kermit do you
feel better now he is that crying good
morning Curtis why are you crying
you just sitting there crying sometimes
when kermis are getting attention he
just cries about it until he gets said
attention but he was just being really
weird right now anyway paying back home
now it's been kind of an exhausting day
both with the mix-up and uh I don't know
I didn't get too much sleep last night
but I'm good
having some coffee right now and also
hydrating I had a couple calls also
since my meetings today was like
especially a busy day I like really
never have days like this normally I can
do
I stopped at home but today was not one
of those days so I forgot to mention I
picked a real food daily on the way home
because I was close so we got to eat
real food daily which was nice the only
bad part is now it's gone we ate it one
more thing
we got the rug cleaned so it is sitting
there waiting for us to put it back in
the living room but I think we're going
to do like a deep plane of the living
room floor before we replace it in there
but it smells amazing it's clean it
looks beautiful which is really really
awesome hang and you to fix the white
balance I think that looks better
it's been like a little sepia lately on
this camera and I've technically been in
auto white balance so it's something
going on with the camera the thing is I
don't really mind that look like a
couple of you yesterday were telling me
that I had like over graded it or the
white balance was off but that maybe
like the white balance in the camera
might be out but I actually like the
sepia look that's what I film like a lot
of the stuff in the desert with it just
it's looks really cool especially when
it's in high-res now it's not that I
changed it to different setting
interesting stuff
Thanks try to get music for the vlog
tomorrow some dancing okay the problem
is I need a I'd like to I don't need you
I'd like to go out and shoot some more
stuff um with my camera not madrone
trying to like chill out with a drone a
little bit I don't want to be just
constant drone as all the time I kind of
one mix it up for me because I enjoy it
also guys I know San Francisco isn't
flat I worded my sentence poorly
yesterday I was talking about San
Francisco being a fun riding spot with
all of the terrain also Palo Alto being
another fun riding spot happens to be
flat two different places two completely
different terrains I am NOT an idiot I
do not live under a rock I've been to
San Francisco I was family in service
Isco but I would also love to go back to
San Francisco
to wrap those hills boosted board is in
San Francisco fun fact for ya candy my
dad hat hey my dad had today guess what
today is well yesterday for you right
now it's world otter day do you know how
I know that you guys tweeted it at me
cuz you're so sweet and you know that
we'd love otters so thank you for
tweeting that at us and me and us I
don't know if you to live her Jenna my
girlfriend world otter day although I do
feel like these holidays where it's
world something day every day like I'm
not going to complain because half the
time it's like pizza or cookies or
otters and I'm happy so happy world
water day belated to you may you have a
wonderful otter friend whom you can
sleep next to and hold hands like this
so you don't float away
that's what otters do I did more driving
today than I'm used to
I don't normally drive to that area that
I was at today and also just the amount
of time driving I don't normally do that
so today was a little bit of a long day
for me this whole week is I mean I'm
doing like these things where I have
meetings and calls and I just don't only
do I'm not used to it so I'm just trying
to like acclimate myself I brought my
trash bins in like five minutes ago
pretty proud of that
also our rug is back in the living room
so we have clean rug and curtains
riveting
I found this really cool looking
building right here the one behind me
apparently
let's go this way barely used to belong
to Sunkist like a drink it was the
Sunkist building it even says so out
front but the guy who was just talking
to me was like no Sunkiss moved out and
they're gonna gut the whole thing we're
taking everything out and redoing it but
they're at least leaving the
architecture the outside because it's
it's really cool-looking like the way it
goes outward at the edges of all four
sides of the building very cool but yeah
I'm just exploring just riding around
it's like almost dusk and it's really
nice out so I am going to head back home
soon and eat some dinner all I can think
about those churros from yesterday man
fuck it I also never had the mango that
I wanted fuck double fuck it's okay it's
okay
get juicy you time is any toy hey just
give this for you like a toy huh come on
good okay she's so funny to play like
fetcheth she wants the tug of war but
then she also wants you to throw it and
then she'll bring it back like just out
of arms reach so bring it almost all the
way to you but like right in front where
you can't reach it peachy good such a
good you're a girl
you
