okay so today has started I wasn't an
osprey that look like just a normal
military helicopter there phone kind of
low though
anyway good morning guys it is another
beautiful day with beautiful clouds in
the sky and I am currently off to the
car dealership I have to get my car
serviced I haven't done it in way too
long I'm not normally supposed to do it
I think like annually sorry I'm like
resting the camera up here because the
mounts not in a trunk but I haven't done
it and I think a year and a half so I'm
getting just the normal scheduled
maintenance that you're supposed to get
for your car and I brought my board and
my backpack so I figured I would just
let them take the car and instead of
like having them shuttle me back home
and then back to the dealership I'll
just I'll just go exploring for a little
bit alright so just drop the car off
here at the Honda dealership a pond a
service department whatever and I have
my board so I'm gonna probably just
explore for maybe like an hour hour and
a half however long it takes them I
haven't really read it around up in this
part of town because it's just kind of
out of the way so it'll be nice to
explore by the way I hope you're diggin
my hairdo today I didn't shower directly
after training because I had to do a
whole bunch of stuff so it's a
found myself a nice little bike path
it's like adjacent to anything a bus way
and then eventually a rail which I
actually didn't even know this existed
so this is kind of nice
nice it's like perfect for the board not
the clouds are insane today alright so I
pulled over off the bike path I'm gonna
keep riding it a little bit but I have
probably an hour and a half to kill at
least and I only have one battery charge
because I didn't bring my charger from a
board and I surprisingly guys fit the
drone here on this backpack so there's
some cool little landmarks there's like
a cool looking building over there and
then the metro line right here which I
want to see from the sky I can't believe
I hit the drone in his bag like I was
thinking I needed this giant drone
backpack but I don't all right now I'm
probably going to just hit this bike
path all the way back the other way and
see how far it goes that way I think it
goes to the side of the freeway but I
haven't tested out so I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go ride this bike path because it
is awesome bike path and a booster board
is good time
you know what I really want to go up
north to like San Francisco or like the
Bay Area I feel like there's so many
roads where a boosted boards would just
be amazing and I'm like living in an
area where it's cool but it's not
perfect and roads like this are perfect
and I just think that there are so many
places I'd like to go like San Francisco
and like Palo Alto I feel like would be
just flat everywhere so many roads so
many empty roads anyway all right so it
stopped the road the bike path
specifically stopped but this road is a
pretty secluded Road that keeps going
and I'm about to hit the freeway but I
have almost two bars left out of five so
my turn around soon
all right I think it's time to head back
to the dealership and get my car this is
like legitimate perfect weather
cloudy fun to look at but it's also not
too hot or to call there's a nice breeze
but it is time to go back my board is
run down the battery and I think my car
is going to be done soon and then I'm
hungry after I'm hungry now so I'm going
to address that after let's address our
hunger together what do you say alright
so I'm back at the on this spot and I
just figure out what I wanted to eat
except I don't know if I'll be able to
get it I want to eat the street mango
with like chili that's what I want can
you get on a street corner put a little
bag of fresh mango with chili pepper
chili sauce on it oh my god why do I
want that so bad right now look and I
can't get it anywhere around here I
think downtown LA is like the closest
spot that has it I think maybe I'll just
make it though guys I'm talking about
the street mango it's so good and I just
need to like go to the store and make it
my car's not ready so I gotta wait a
little bit there's neither couch alright
so they're not done with the car they
had to do some to the brakes so sweet
another couple hours and I think I can
make it home in time the board is now in
Eco mode so I have to go slow but I
think I have the distance
we'll see all right so I made it home
barely I'm so happy I'm back because I
get to see this lady so I probably just
we were back in like two hours I think
they're installing new brake pads Carol
maybe Marvel knows model Hubbell way
back yeah oh hey thank you so much
we got gluten-free and vegan churros we
heard about this place nearest that has
gluten in vitro so he ordered something
that we have that we wear anything for
dinner so this is it it's it's it's just
like I'm kind of in disbelief right here
like this is a gluten free and vegan try
there are not too many things that I
just haven't had while being gluten free
churros is one of them and that is
amazing somebody'd some shirts for
dinner now cuz fuck it I can it's not
for you
so we are watching something called
beyond scared straight pretty great
it's definitely entertaining so I mean
it's entertaining because it's like
funny and they're screaming at these
kids but it's also entertaining because
yeah like it actually works in these
kids they get scared I feel like every
teenager could use a little screaming in
their face from scary ass people like at
some point it'll help you not your
parents not someone you know a convict
yeah
I think yeah and that's the part that's
like cool about the shows like you don't
expect them to be to get through to them
as well as I do or to like have the
intentions they do because they're
prisoners but they for the most part
they care yeah yeah she took them off
it's okay all right guys thank you for
spending a day with me I appreciate it
my car is tip-top shape new brakes on it
today was really productive day and I
got a ton done so thank you for hanging
out with me I appreciate you so much and
I'll see you guys tomorrow in the next
vlog
