good morning everyone I got this thing
the other day it's very very helpful so
I can plug my SD card into my iPhone and
download pics straight on the go it's a
pretty overcast kind of cool day today
and I am about to feed the dogs
breakfast mm-hmm
I know I know so I train this morning
but I am beat I am beat man it's been a
physically demanding week and I just
kind of need to kick it for a second so
today is going to be pretty mellow I
have some actual stuff I can get done
that doesn't involve running around
everywhere doing things I can just do it
from home which is nice today so I will
be doing a lot of that I'm organizing a
pretty cool collaboration with one of
the companies that I've been wearing in
the vlogs I think I might have talked
about them I wore it on the podcast I've
been wearing it a bunch of different
places and uh we as a gentleman podcasts
are going to be collaborating with that
company very soon and I am very excited
for that because I think you guys will
really like what we got coming all right
I'm going to set this down because I
want to talk for a sec all right first
of all I am good I am happy things are
good
I think uh sometimes the fact that you
guys see me so often you pick up on very
small little differences in my mood and
how I'm acting and a lot of the time
it's really nothing like it's just a
human being living their life and you
know I'm sure a lot of you go through
random days where you feel differently
for whatever reason and you really don't
even know sometimes have a way to
pinpoint why but I'm good I'm happy guys
things are great Jen and I are great the
dogs are great the house is great
there's light and I was like I am happy
I'm really I'm genuinely really good so
I do appreciate your guys concern it
means a lot to me it's kind of cool that
I have a bunch of you guys every day um
showing me how much you care I did want
to address really quickly a few you guys
actually more than a few
we're leaving comments on the vlog
yesterday about Gina and Jessi breaking
up and it's completely upsetting it's
upsetting as a viewer and it's upsetting
as their friend it's no fun for anyone
what I do want to tell you guys is that
the relationship that I have with you
guys with the internet and the relations
that I have with Jenna in addition to
her relationship with the internet we
have absolutely dealt with figuring out
ways to keep our relationship strong and
I'm honestly very confident in how I
make my blogs and how scheduled my
workload to not put strains and stress
on a relationship and it's a very
difficult thing it's a constant struggle
it's not easy but I want you to know
that I do pay attention to it and it is
very important to me that's all I'm
going to say I don't want to go too much
in it because it's not my business
I love Jesse I love Gina and I'm
extremely sad for them but you know
they'll get through it anyway enough of
that I just wanted to address it because
you know looking at the comments on
yesterday's vlog there was more than a
few of you saying oh please don't break
up with Jenna because you're vlogging or
stop vlogging quit vlogging you know
watch it you know and yes I get where
you're coming from it I mean it means a
lot so thank you for your concern I am
going to be doing something really fun
with my brother at the beginning of next
month for like a late birthday present
for him and I'm really excited to do it
we're going to go watch a UFC fight
which is dope and I'm really pumped for
it my brother and I used to have the
tradition of going to watch a UFC fight
like around once a year that's when we
could do it when we were younger and
obviously when we were living near each
other and stuff and we haven't done it
in a couple years so it'll be really
nice to kind of do that again it's kind
of clearing up
it looks rather nice out now that's nice
and it's heating up - yeah I'm
downstairs where are you wow that's my
angel you're my aunt what do you think
about this thing that was announced like
two days ago it's it's the but I mean
it's fair to Bisbing it's not I like him
I like Bisbing we're talking about
Bisbing fighting Luke Rockhold I was
just telling them that actually huh we
like it I don't think it's as good of a
like a matchup as widen Rockhold but
then again you never know and and
visiting has been no it's his weight
like he's been fighting for ten years
and he's never got a title shot and is
his first title shot no never
no he didn't he beat Silva are you
trying to get me angry he never won a
title guys Michael visiting never ones
Idol not in the UFC anyway you're such a
troll no he's
crying visiting that's gonna cry and
Thisbe
I wear them cuz you like them no but no
offense I don't think Michael is being
like them because didn't win a title Oh
what are you doing look at like that it
like like baby
hey you know I am your basking in me I'm
basking in the light like even this room
I never used to want to go in this room
this room is fucking dope yeah when our
office flooded like a year ago or
whatever we like moved off as in here
and that was the last time I edit in
here except for like the other night I
added in there it was really nice oh no
she's my baby
she's not your baby she's my baby
you guys remember Jeffrey
are you doing Jeff
joff-tchoff-tchoffo-tchoffo-tchoff ah
got to do laundry I just remember that
ok let's do that shit ok
Oh guys we also got this stepladder the
other day
we haven't owned a stepladder so we've
just been like standing on chairs when
we need to when we need to get up places
hi since I do install the curtains we
figured we should get stuff are also
check this shit up ok I love you Marlon
my brother but when he was at the store
the other day and I asked for more pods
because I needed some for laundry he got
me I just put him in this empty canister
there unscented pause I want scented
pots I don't want my laundry to smell
like nothing alright delicous be
delicate to my things anyway yeah so my
laundry has been smelling like nothing
for a few weeks now
nothing laundry peachy smells so good I
don't know if you guys ever smell your
dogs just on purpose because they smell
so Jenna's just try to grab her and you
ran away
Kermit let your mom smell yeah
can we go Kermit go to your mom here we
go
like the moment I said that she reached
for Kermit and he dove off of the sofa
um
oh why do you my heart Jenna's like look
at Julian peach that could be us but you
bitin you can't figure out the
difference lovin hey hey we're having a
moment here okay we're having them peach
sauce honestly so good Jenna's crying in
Kermit peachy smelling cookies how do
you smell like that you're a dog it's so
funny how dogs like have their own sense
what is your dog's scent
can you describe me your dog's scent
because mine is peaches cookies
literally she smells like piss she
smells fresh out the bakery your baker
Petey the banker hey peach go make me a
pass on smell like a will strawberry
queer song is that a thing stop baby
cousin smokey put up 10 videos today
it's a good day then alright so I'm
gonna brush peaches teeth now cuz her
breath smells rank today you ready I
always bring the treats because she
knows that if she's good well I brush
she gets her cheese yes I do I bring all
that always good good we got sandwiches
vegan vegetable sandwiches and they left
it up to us to figure out which ones
bloom free and I figured it out this
looks fucking fire looks fucking amazing
go ham on some lunch right now guys
what's a I am getting ready right now
to go out for the night I'm going
bowling with a couple of my buddies and
I'm going to end the vlog now reason is
I'm going out with a couple buddies who
I haven't really been out with before
there's some training buddies but we're
going to go bowling tonight and I want
to leave you at home because the first
time I normally hang out with someone I
like to just kind of hang out with them
but then after you know testing out the
waters I will bring the camera next time
so you don't have to worry all I need to
do is Bowl with 300 so they like me
anyway hope you guys have a great
weekend thank you for watching and I'll
see you guys like
