rise up out of the rubble and wave
microscopic flag shed a few microscopic
tears raise the bed are we are you
content with this kind of status quo are
you satisfied with this kind of 20th
century
they quickly just woke up but I want to
show you our new and improved living
room with light in it loo this there's
light it's amazing
oh man it's making the biggest
difference having these curtains because
well I mean they're just they're amazing
but I walked out of the bedroom this
morning and I came down here and I just
saw the whole room is brighter oh that
is awesome
hey good morning guys I am off to go
train first thing and uh and then I'm
getting lunch with Josh today I haven't
seen him in a while we're going to grab
some sushi but first I'm going to go
work up an appetite even though
technically always have an appetite
because I could always eat and be
completely fine but it's definitely like
a happier atmosphere in that room it's
like brighter there's more of like the
outside world it's not just like closed
off I can't believe we waited so long
but happy we got it done yesterday I
have to find my shoes this is the newest
addition to the office we we bought this
clock yesterday when we were shopping
for curtains and I really liked it I was
like trying to get something simple and
small and then I saw this clock and I
was like not let's change everything the
entire strategy is different let's get a
huge giant amazing steampunk almost
looking clock ah the thing looks like it
weighs a hundred pounds and it's
superlight
which is amazing I'm really happy
because we didn't have a clock in here
at all and it kind of adds to the decor
but I'm like even more happy that I can
walk around the house and just be lit
the whole time by
there's so much Sun and we realize like
sitting in here used to be like indoors
only like we had to go the other room to
get any sort of sunlight so now we can
have it here which is just it's magical
it's changing changing my life right now
I never thought it would be this awesome
to have curtains you guys like my pin
grinding yesterday it's a little kitty
cat so I have let's see I have like an
hour and a half and so I'm going to go
meet Josh for lunch what I might do is I
might head out a little early so I can
shoot some stuff on the way I can tell
the time in here now that's nice
my ball my ball this is what you have to
get used to outside noises you too Sarah
the clue alright so I just came out and
shot a little bit before supposed to
meet Josh I'm using my tripod eyes like
a camera handle you know there's a lot
of space in the valley but it really
takes effort to find something that's
fun to look at I feel like a lot of the
valleys just so much of the same which
is great for what we want where we live
but in terms of I don't know there's not
that many beautiful skies or skylines or
anything like that so it takes a little
effort on finding it which is good
because it makes me better at what I'm
trying to do but anyway it's almost time
for sushi so I'm gonna head over to the
restaurant
alright I've parked in a funny way to
this restaurant this parking garage is
such a mess it's like tiny it's trying
to fit a lot of cars in it I guess
that's every parking garage what am I
talking about
I've moved tables three times now and I
haven't even been here like ten days I
started at a double table and I was like
this is weird this is for four people
and then I started at that table
and it was crazy wobbly like something's
wrong with the table and now I'm at this
table and I'm really hot but at this
point I can't switch again I think
that's too many switches and Josh
doesn't even hear he hasn't been part of
this I don't know if you guys have ever
switch tables and switch tables but I
have to stay here now this is the table
I chose
my neck is on fire look at this sunlight
also look at that table is that not like
this saddest table it's like you have to
study per year on time out and see
something maybe you can do the weenie
shooter would you do that nirrti
or you can do the oyster we moved inside
this is the fourth move I was
embarrassed that Josh was just like you
know what we're gonna go and when this
face tells you you gotta go I mean I
think in life listen like sometimes you
might want outside and get hit by a bus
you might as well have had a good meal
in air-conditioning before that happens
life happens life happens and now it's
going to happen to the sign after almost
happened outside chad fan you but you
don't need to be saying i do' nice and
cool alright that was a wonderful meal I
ate a lot of sushi I'm gonna go home and
see what's up I have a couple ideas for
what's going on tonight I just met some
of you guys these three girls came out
to me and said hi to me and while I was
saying hi one of them said every time I
see you I think about that video where
you broke Jenna's nose doing yoga
I was like oh I'm glad you have a fond
memory of me all right we're doing
thoughts from a bathtub part two so I'm
going to shoot that right now this is a
difference in what my camera looks like
when we shoot for Jenna's videos and
when I vlog so this is with the 50
millimeter lens on it the one that makes
everything look really nice and down
here it's my new battery pack so we can
shoot for a while and then over there is
my fucking face alright so we are going
to start shooting a little bit but I've
officially switched over my camera to
big job mode and not vlogging mode so I
won't be vlogging on this for a little
while tonight but the rig tonight is got
the light up here in the bathroom got
the slider in full effect and got the
mic gone so then there's that asshole
but we're all set basically are you
looking at are you looking at me you're
funny
what the fuck is up guys we just
finished shooting and in the last shot
of the video Jenna where a Hello Kitty
face mask did I wanted one too here it
actually feels incredible
not for why shoot he's done will you're
finished can't see you yes you are oh it
was fun though I like these shoots I
think we had fun right then yeah that's
fun
well that's it for the blog today you're
it for the vlog tag thanks for watching
the vlog happy nightmares guys see you
you
