is my hair doing this
I've only I could get a Brazilian
Blowout from my girlfriend later spoiler
announced it our Brazilian Blowout tour
where we go to every city in the United
States and she gives me a Brazilian
blood on stage and my hair is just
 our the third city and they
cancel the rest of the tour welcome to
look bang by Julien
we were gonna eat dinner anyways yeah i
ordered some pad thai you know what this
is not for the spirit of Trisha Paytas
and food as not with the moping is just
like a stream of consciousness while you
eat you just okay so here's your veggies
here's my you guys guess what I ordered
its pad thai here this is for us I got
us Forks because when you use these
Forks what kind of bite is that it
doesn't even work if you're eating
anything substantial it breaks did you
get the same thing as me no the place
that we already found is called the
station it's a pretty good vegan place
so this is kale spinach broccoli garlic
and then there is soy meat in here so
and a peanut sauce right it's a little
let's give them a nice there's like a
peanut sauce it's not too spicy it's
like pretty mild and I ordered two
things cuz I'm the size of two people
tofu skewers which is like basically
just like grilled tofu with like some
veggies on it and then my favorite food
in the whole world pad thai
tofu pad thai and we got some sparkling
water because we have NOLA boys in the
fridge
any time any peds I have to use this
which is basically like I'm like showing
a makeup it's basically uh what color
it's called Sam ball yeah but it's this
is just the chili garlic sauce it's just
like the Americanized
cuz I can pull it on top also with pad
thai like you never know what's in there
Sam ball sometimes it's like fish like
sauce so you have to just like I always
just use my own and you always have to
use a substantial fork because the
plastic forks always disrupt your meal
like you're the only one that like
consistently afraid you never seen
someone bring it forward like yeah when
he breaks Forks for you at dinner I
don't think we're gonna be doing like a
ton of slurping like a traditional Mook
bein but like it is nice to eat dinner
and talking hey yeah well normally we
it's like bachelor Winter Games or the
Prophet or shark tank or the challenge
more survivor but it I agree I agree
sitting and talking all however many of
you are here and the two of us and the
three of the little leeches I really
like watching mukbangs while I'm eating
because it feels like you're not eating
one like when you're in college and
stuff like maybe you have roommates but
like eating alone it was like one of the
saddest things who's yours that are you
don't need a show or like I just want
someone to eat my dinner with Oh eating
alone in college is how I fell in love
with the office mm-hmm I would just
watch a while I ate and I was like
eating whatever in his office I just
watch Flavor of Love with my roommate
Katy I at one point lived with two
Katie's in the same house kts is the one
I would watch no they're both kts you
just realize that uh-huh Katie yeah you
know that we used to live closer don't
we just look closer to this place when
do we soar to this all the time was
there one in Westwood we ordered it from
the valley I think we're spoiled with so
many good vegan restaurants out here
that like we find the ones we like and I
just hey hey she's been like extra food
driven lately so she's like licking the
ground for 30 minutes after everyone's
finished eating it's not ladylike Kermit
on the other hand is stealing apple
cores
when Jenna's finish eating and Jaco
helped he like literally tries to steal
the core and eat it
Apple and watermelon mm-hmm
they can't eat the core because this to
you tough like cyanide or something in
them poisonous for dogs I know cuz
whereas Siri cyanide is poisonous for
human I don't know I don't think it's
like high enough to ever hurt a person
or something but for a little dog I
don't think it's safe but he the other
night and finished my Apple and just put
the core on the table to go throw it out
in a minute and increment just got up
and like like calmly took it and just
took it back over the couch right in
front and like set it on top of my leg
and I was like Carm it not your Apple
Nadia I'm gonna try the skewer
I feel like Rob back on a Sunday
watching the ballgame son you want a
skewer let cooked it right up on the
grill American Sun how about that
ballgame Sodom no did you just buy like
a beard trimmer you can you can trim
that and stop calling you his son okay
I'm gonna charge it first son that's
grass trimmers not gonna charge itself
Karma son
this really isn't like that hard to make
but like we have a long night ahead of
us and sometimes I just don't feel like
making a peanut sauce and steaming my
own vegetable true yours is a little
harder to make you know who I want to
share a meal with mm lock off lock up
could you beat him yeah yeah that would
be super cool that video of him cooking
his vegan stuff it is like one of my
favorite all-time great so what are we
doing tonight also forgive us for
talking with our mouth full but we're
not practicing the best of manners
tonight we're sitting on the floor and
eating why practice the best manners
when you already have them whip if
you're gonna click on a Mac thing what
is the ideal length of a video cuz the
nutritious go up to like 45 minutes
sometimes I don't know if I could ever
do that I don't know I don't eat that
slow it doesn't need to be like I'm
moving to me a true one I guess is like
an uncut you're just sitting there and
eating which is fine cuz there we have
her cut this a little bit yeah but
that's what I'm saying is like as long
as it would take someone to eat like a
meal
you know not like a full sit down
sort of like soup and salad and whatever
but like if you were just gonna sit and
eat your sammich like long enough to say
to eat your sandwich with you know if
loopings were around when I was a kid at
the dinner table I would have my
headphones on listening um okay instead
of talking to my family at the table
do you ever sneak headphones in class no
the only headphones that were available
when I was a kid were like big ones that
went over your ear and had foam on them
then they were walkman because that
would have been kind of hard no it's
years later when I was in school there
were something called normal year buds
and I learned from I would say a pretty
delinquent friend of mine that the best
way to listen to music in class when it
was getting boring
so wire it through your sleeve and put
it in your hand and then listen like
that while you look like you're wearing
a desk and I thought that was the most
clever thing ever until I had no idea
what was on the test and I was like why
do I not know anything where have I been
sometimes you just gotta listen to see
that all those influences help tonight
mayor if you'll happen so there's
there's consequences to greatness
did you stir up I love eating food and
listening to yeah she spit up a little
bit did you girl you okay so happens
going to eat off the floor and you lick
the floor and you eat off the floor
peach don't lick it up we have a lot of
food left all right you're gonna make me
stop eating this is a gross smooth bang
peach the one time we're gonna sit down
and and eat you just gotta throw up
during it just just don't throw up for
like five minutes he's not throwing up
she's just like stuck throat are you the
kind of person like I know you're not
but you know there's people that like
wait till they're finished eating
everything and then drink like their
water or whatever that's an animal
that's a goddamn animal in person there
know a lot of people like that I feel
like that's such a dad move right well
you eat the whole plate from your work
okay time to enjoy it
dad's Diet Coke and then just chug your
old ring well I give this vanilla
something has really been no about that
process and not functional
oh I get two thirsty I like spicy food
like I wanted to have people why is it
you know ladies and men if you like
spicy food to reach out to me how do you
go work hours where we can't have our
dinner together
I love having dinner together me too
how's your food that's good is actually
really filling I don't mind I know this
looks like a big pile of kale and
broccoli but I'm sure a very decent
amount of fat in this peanut sauce and
it's very filling really Bob give us a
good mood bang noodle slurp last night
mm-hmm
we're hot ramen noodle you can't slurp
not you can't serve bedrolls slurp it
boy my fighting arse heart finally
welcome them they've already been here
once again
what was their commercial break
welcome back from commercials thank you
to our sponsors why does a scuba diver
fall backwards out of the boat I know
the answer to this I just can't think of
it because they fell forward they'd
still be in the boat
imagine a scuba diver just like like
there you go these plants in the bottle
it breaks their nose there's blood
everywhere a shark swims up smells the
blood okay turns out the chakras docile
okay
I joined a friend not everything needs
to go somewhere you know you can just
say things and they can just end
no it's transporting don't take a little
second listen don't take Mughal tickle
tickle pain feels good call my son
my favorite thing that Julianne number
eight like just watching you eat that
just now in my room
the first time I ever saw you eat thank
you it was like it was so funny because
you get all these wings first of all
he's starving all the time so by the
time the chicken wings would come you'd
be so hung it's back when Julian's late
chicken I've never seen anyone just
start like mowing chicken wings into
their mouth and then just leaving their
hands as filthy as possible like tearing
them apart like sauce all over his face
all over his hands and then when he's
done with all of that he takes the
napkin dips it in water and like cleans
off his face oh yeah dip your hands in
the water get my helmet no it's an it's
the move dude napkin in the water it's
like it basically creates a mobile
bathroom that's super sanitary and clean
you just dip the napkin in the water
then you wipe your face good as new
wipe your hands good as new normally I
would lick my fingers after eating
chicken wings like a normal human not
really like when I was a kid and stuff I
don't eat chicken wings you're like you
eat one and there's stuff on your hands
and you like wipe it on a napkin put
away some napkins might as well pile it
up eat all of them that you're gonna eat
don't touch your phone don't touch
anything else because the task at hand
needs to be finished once it's finished
you address the problem I eat the mobile
bathroom it's just like such a mess and
I was like looking over him and I was
like oh okay okay okay but no more
chicken for me no more meat for me you
still eat vegan check the wings that way
well the vegan chicken ones I eat come
on a little stick to simulate the bone
like if I'm really hungry I'll just I'm
going for it whole thing but that's only
like the first one then as I move on I
like to mix the wings with whatever
other dish I got so I like break them up
and put them in my hands he does
everything that a person like a fork and
a knife with
his hands yeah I think I'm full
this McLain guys has been brought to you
by okay just cuz you're done eating for
now doesn't mean you should start
 with your food I hope you
enjoyed watching us eat let me know
please well you ate while you watch this
because I'm curious or if you're the
kind of person that drinks all your
water at the end of your meal
and why does Indiana me I can help you
out but yeah thank you guys I appreciate
you hanging out now it's time to clean
up and have Jenna straighten my hair
chemically for a video call good little
chick was how do I end this mm-hmm you
have to be done eating so put your food
away I'm done eating what is wrong with
you my legs are completely numb from
sitting like this fine you're fine tune
in next time when we eat one whole
entire block of dark chocolate it's
gonna weigh 3 pounds
I'm live-streaming it to meerkat good
bye
