what are you digging for where'd you get
that out okay well have you got it was
of you guys well um we leave tomorrow me
and Colin yeah me and Colin leave my
computer's dead
no I never he was never dead no it never
dead you're supposed to never die
I don't have no power Cordy 8-spoke does
to supposed to never do it is that
simple
it's Sunday oh my god
we should make we should make tea time
with Jenna and Julian what's up T that's
what we should do for the podcast tea
time the terrible idea hot tea I don't
know yard either how do we get tea I'm
not a tea Smith I don't have hot tea and
we'll bust out like cups of nothing with
tea bags hanging out okay
can I have tea too I'm gonna spill tea
on myself
guys I'm opening up a peel box plays a
meaty quick update my computer's still
dead don't know what happened I don't
know what that is so we have the podcast
today we also I gotta pack Jenna's jenna
really doesn't have to do much other
than podcasters yeah this is not a
Sunday for me this is it for the first
time we're leaving like kind of
throughout the week for a last road trip
we're leaving Monday and coming back
Wednesday which is why I wanted to make
a vlog and put it up Monday because
while we're on the road it's gonna be
hard to post so we're filming
last-minute trips episode 7 the last
episode of the year
starting tomorrow we're throwing the
darts early in the morning that means
today is not a normal relaxing Sunday
today is like my computer's did and I
got to do a bunch of shit kind of day
yeah that's about it so I came home from
Thanksgiving to a package my scramble
family sent me some new piece and I am
so excited because to the handful of you
who might be into jiu-jitsu or be
considering it these geese that scramble
names are cream of the crop I'm going to
hang them up I'm going legit running out
of geese pace these are my nunchuck
daddy outfits our Thanksgiving was in
Big Bear
all these pants feel nice these pants
feel real nice oh we should hopefully
I'll be retiring this baby soon we spent
some time with there with my family and
it was nice and it wasn't too long we
came down relatively quick after
Thanksgiving anyway that's kind of the
gear act the way it looks
one thing I like to do when I get
noogies is put patches on them
I gotta have these team patches jeez it
is getting a little crowded for sure
though I might need a reorganize at some
point that music is not the background
music to my life it's John are watching
the challenge we've been watching the
challenge since last night ever since we
caught with mr. robot which by the way
is such an incredible show and the
newest season is so good sorry it's loud
it's not it's a lot come on come on go I
am looking to get for 2018 an annual
calendar that's vertical and everyone I
see on like Amazon everyone have looked
for seems to just be like flimsy I want
like a hard board that it comes attached
to because if I want to write something
on here it's not like flat against the
wall see how it comes out anyway today
is just like prep day I'm charging up
some batteries and peaches over here
helping me are you helping what are you
doing to help specifically what are you
doing to help what are you doing now
can you please list off all your
responsibilities of the day come here
I'd like you to please list off all the
responsibilities you have so I know
tangibly what you're doing today is that
your only responsibility
playing with your toy PG I'll really go
down this weekend because when we go see
my family and my mom she gets a chance
to spend time with girl dogs but she
never gets to do here so she enjoyed
that okay why don't you turn on I know
that a few of you guys are video editors
or work with video editing software and
I am curious how many of you have
upgraded your Mac computer to High
Sierra and have now had problems with
Final Cut Pro there's a huge
compatibility bug with the new software
where projects turn into it says no and
you won't you anything in addition my
fucking mouse will connect oh my god I'm
gonna do the Jenna's computer all right
let's close this there we go so while I
was up in Big Bear this weekend I helped
my mom shoot aerial footage of her cabin
because my mom is actually an Airbnb
host and has a couple of properties up
in Big Bear and she wanted me to take
some drone shots but now I want to color
grant it and put a little music behind
it and send it off to her so she has
something to put on her listings which i
think is dope cuz if I was looking for
an Airbnb and I saw a drone shot I was
one of the images be like fuck yeah dude
how are you I'm good I'm dropping you
the files right now I edited okay but
they'll be in your email so I'm
finalizing getting all that gear ready
for tomorrow and one thing I do before
we take these trips especially with two
cameras is create a color profile for
for how the episode is gonna look and I
am the definition of an amateur because
I am completely self-taught in shooting
in different color profiles creating
color profiles and also color grading
and I know for a fact that like it's one
of the hardest parts of shooting good
video is getting the right color I feel
like a lot of the stuff that I've done
hasn't really hit the marker in terms of
what I wanted but I think that's kind of
like the process of figuring out what
color profiles work so I'm taking a cam
and B cam this is Collins this is the
one I use I take the wider lens he takes
the 24 to 70 I'm gonna create the same
exact color profile for each camera also
a white balance setting that we can kind
of play with on the go one of the things
I look for in color profiles is not too
vibrant but also not too flat I like to
find that middle ground to where it's
got sort of a little bit washed out look
but can also be saturated in post again
though not really a clue what I'm doing
I'm just kind of figuring it out as I go
and I think each episode I get a little
bit closer to what I'm looking for so
for Sony it's called picture profile and
so I have these presets already arranged
on the camera I think I'm gonna take one
of them and fuck with it a little bit so
that our episode does it look like shit
do you know that all the top CEOs spend
themself in a desk as fast as I can
to funnel the blood to their brain oh
right here you go sort of I mean it's
always a little bit of a shit show
before these trips but hey that's just
kind of what my life is in a good way a
good shit show a tasteful shit show
tasteful shit show get up over here we
have kind of a lot of the miscellaneous
electronics we have the rest of camera
batteries in the external power charging
right here
drone Freight right here there's ads old
cage there's a parrot shaped like a
lowercase n now I'm going to finish
rearranging the streaming gaming setup
into podcasting setup I'm like morphing
offices so our gaming setup involves
both monitors right here when we podcast
we use this wonderful mic on and bring
the monitor out here so it's off-camera
for the podcast but I can still monitor
the audio recording riveting and let
there be light
now let's duck under this stock Windows
10 background we're here and then
already for tomorrow we got all the
supplies a couple of darts a couple of
cameras
and a couple of blindfolds this is where
I drop you off okay
this is your stop so have a great day
get on and get on out of the bus be
careful and if you're free at 9:00 a.m.
Pacific we will be streaming the dart
throw that will determine where we
travel today for you tomorrow for me
youtube.com slash 2 obstacle wanted to
say thanks I never said thanks on the
vlog for selling off the anniversary and
the og pins so incredibly fast you guys
sold out the first batch in 10 minutes
in the second batch in three minutes
super overwhelmed by that love and
support and I hope you guys like the
pins I really really do in a quick
response to a comment I saw on the vlog
last week someone saying
I and we are lazy and we sit on the
couch and don't really work I just
wanted to say I hope you got a pin I
will see you guys later maybe on the
last show
you
