good morning friends so today we are off
all the way to the marina to go see a
friend kit she graduated from law school
today and she's having a graduation
party so we are going to show up making
a parents at that see what's going on
down there
I'm actually excited I haven't been in
the marina in a very long time I went
near there the other day to visit my
sister but uh I'm in the actual marina
so we are gonna bring the drum maybe
we'll get it up maybe we won't we'll see
seems kind of like a sort of clear day
so if we do get up it might be quite
beautiful but we are just putting on the
finishing touches getting ourselves
ready and we were gonna head out of the
house very soon
so I'm wearing something that's not a
shirt and or a hoodie I'm wearing
something I guess semi-nice which is
something I don't do much anymore
but I kind of enjoy it I feel like I
should I should get dressed up for
occasions everyone thought we're
grabbing some gas before we head off to
the other side of town
it's what 3:20 right now yeah so we're
gonna take maybe 45 to get there which
I'm expecting no traffic it's Sunday so
we will see
look who did their makeup and a car so
we're like here we're in this area we're
almost at the Marriott Marriott Mary
howdy at the Marriott oh shit
but yeah we're we're almost in the
minute it's like surprisingly sunny over
here I did not expect it to be this nice
right Jenna I thought it was me gloom
June grey you backwoods all right just
running in to get some flowers right now
I left the car in a lot that I'm almost
positive I could get towed for but it
doesn't seem like it's packed or
anything it's also just for tenants of
the apartment it's not like a business
so I'm gonna grab some flowers for kit
because we're celebrating and then we're
gonna be off to the venue I think there
are flowers it's a market
the
all right I struck out
those aren't flowers they would smell so
nice
is that is it Justin is just my driver
chrome fucking Benz yo there's a chrome
car next to us you can chill out I just
got a hog done I always thought markets
like had flowers because if you're a
market you're more than just the like a
liquor store but it appears we've struck
out twice now Jenna's gonna find us the
spot with her phone which is how we
probably put it down it in the first
place we've been singing days on Days
cover of sweat shirt this whole day
because it's incredible
yeah all right we got our flowers and
we're grabbing some juice because we're
kind of hungry now we got to the hotel
now we just got to find the function
smudge on the camera
okay I'm gonna find a bathroom first
so we are at the party and we add some
food and drinks and we're just hanging
out
we're playing animal running and I just
got beaten this by Gentiles and I'm
convinced that's great I'm done playing
squad tell me
as in our living room look fucked up
without our rug we're getting the big
carpet in this room cleaned so there's
no rug and what we discovered is marble
cannot get onto things if he doesn't
have like a rug for traction we learned
that at like I think a hotel room
recently where he couldn't get up on the
bed because there was nothing to jump
off so now he can't heat like I had to
put him on the beanbag right there
so we'll get the rug clean and get it
back in here soon we did a nice little
clean today but the party yesterday was
fun I haven't seen you since then but it
was a good time it was nice to get
dressed up and go support our friend and
do that whole thing but but anyway yeah
now I'm just showing with the dogs right
now I just wanted to end the vlog so I
could get it up for you guys
I haven't ended a vlog like this in a
while so I wanted to do that for you so
thank you guys for watching I appreciate
you so much I appreciate you always
we'll be streaming later on Twitch thank
you guys for watching and I'll see you
guys tomorrow in the next one later
