alright guys so right now my boosted
board is having problems and the battery
is having problems it needs to be
recalibrated and I reached out to boost
the board and they told me we're going
to fix it is to charge it all the way up
and then literally hold the remote down
on full throttle until the wheels don't
spend any more and do that three times
to recalibrate the battery so that's
what I'm going to do right now ji peach
did you break the board no he didn't
break it
I'm realizing I should have just taped
this because now I have to sit here and
it's still on full battery so after you
these three times I'm going to tape it
the next time
what I just discovered is peach she
likes to pull the stuffing out of things
and I just discovered this is her bed
and I found her nose inside that little
hole and comer was just watching like
yeah what a me I ain't breaking no rules
peachy that is not your toy yeah she she
stuck her entire nose in the bed trying
to pull the stuffing out eh you naughty
has me Julien doing this with my
skateboard he's bringing it in composite
let's go to the kitchen I love myself
I'm like really I'm good at Jiu Jitsu
I'll go like this with your body who are
you your funding what are you doing
so I are you wider tight I really felt
gross really I really felt like a
martini so I am getting the vodka and
the olive juice ready because I like my
martinis extra fucking dirty extra
olives so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
I just clean this I'm gonna put it in
the freezer wait but hold it over your
eye and look through it
and how about just like sideways anyway
so here it was all right I don't like
how you film so close to me all right so
I'm gonna put this in the freezer
hopefully doesn't break really fair I
don't want me to close your name ah Yugi
Queen it dies paper towel to give to you
Merry Christmas he loves you Merry
Christmas okay well you know if you're
not going to take a gift then I'll send
it home with you yeah here you like it
pick up Merry Christmas clean Wow do you
like it or what say thank you make sure
you write a handwritten note to Julian
and let him know how much you love them
on Mother's Day because it's not he's
not your mother and it's also my
Mother's Day okay I'm just saying why
don't we get more doing things
what are you doing for your video today
let's tell them today is this how you
blog I hope I'll tell you that but yeah
doing it um I'm making Jenna's ratchet
fashion salon dog edition because people
liked it so much and I really didn't
expect anyone to like it at all I was
just having my arm hurts but I decided I
was gonna do another one but why stop at
my fashion when I can control other
people's fashions what look look hold on
yes I heard
I ordered pimento olives with my vodka
right his post mate so he got the olives
right and then he got the olives
children I don't get it
look at this size of those olives oh
there baby oh you got Oh what the hell
that's so fun if they're called
Manzanilla Manzanilla oh you just wanted
to make sure he got you alright he got
me variety I appreciate that if he had
got me both of these I would have called
his boss and fired him actually I'm not
the power to do that it's post mates did
you see that Billy Ray Cyrus has a new
television show oh babe did I not tell
you I got a new show well I like I just
watched your pre before I can't take it
seriously because it looks so fucking my
garbage channels and on CMT like country
music is like Chris Lee's like that no
no it's not reality it's scripted oh my
god so I can't i watch it because I put
him on a list on Twitter of comedians
interns work for you and so I watched it
and it like the show looks
here account like how can you take him
seriously me okay sir I'm going to try
this tiny ass fucking all of the circle
wad gonna taste exactly the same well
that makes the same saying is the olive
song come on I sing for you sing make
your martini watch how it's done
oh my god
oh you're going all out that's not for
one Martinez Oh super sick those worries
God I just want to separate ologies I'm
gonna get some amazing oh my god really
didn't come to fuck sliders apparently
martinis mostly vodka weeks was through
with a smile like they didn't
you're hired it's so creepy holiday mmm
I'm joking what if you just poured your
vodka in there and drink it are you
ready here we go
oh nice frozen that frosty glass we're
going to do is we actually throw a
couple of and pre pre dump how can i def
you a drink you can I done freezer
that's dirty as fuck boy that's why they
call me the dirty fuck boy I don't think
you're a boy oh my god there's like ten
spots 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 is all wrong
Hey synthetic wah oh that's how you make
the perfect martini extra dirty extra
olives only Tito's times mmm pretty
strong
aha it so good really good you're a big
fan of like savory well alcohol that's I
was just going to say like the salty the
savory I learned what a Bloody Mary was
and then I tried this and I was like
wait this is just like a Bloody Mary
light I'm gonna drink this until it's
done and I'll probably make another or a
couple more drug
