oh good morning guys today is a awesome
big exciting day we have a very special
guest coming on the podcast that guest
will be here in two hours the clock is
really ticking right now we are getting
everything ready this podcast we're
going to have two people who are not on
the podcast in the room with us the
assistant and boyfriend of said guest so
I had to rearrange some things and clean
out some things in the podcast room get
in the sense ready but what we're going
to do is we're going to have me and
Jenna and then guests over there so
it'll be how the different arrangement
be like J and J guest and then over here
we have the two guest chairs camera
lights dog so it's almost ready we're
getting there
it's going to be interesting to pull off
but I feel like we'll be able to do it
fine now that I'm kind of done with this
room I wanted to get a little last
minute prep done for the podcast like
notes wise and stuff like that so that's
what I'm gonna do right now my day's
been going for a while now a train this
morning and went shopping our fridge is
absolutely full that is what happened
last night
so today we're gonna do Julianne and Jen
are finally gonna meet Jenna I am so
excited to meet jenna Marbles so today
I'm gonna meet her we're gonna do a
podcast it's gonna be crazy so go house
all right I guess I guess it's out there
so freelee's coming over to be on our
podcast today that is our podcast guest
I wasn't telling them but now that she's
posted it works
freely we'll be here in two hours so we
are getting our bodies ready for it are
you is your body ready for all your
body's ready for it no this is worse
than the Jasmine Thompson podcast so
they can't be prepared enough I don't
know how to prepare my body was like
dude I'm sorry yeah the work site it'll
be a good one I'll vlog while she's here
so I ran out of the house I realized now
with the green screen in the podcast
room
we're hitting problems with with audio
because we can only make the shots so
wide before the green screens cut off so
in order to get the visual shot the
audio suffers so I'm going to Guitar
Center last minute to see if maybe an
external recorder is the option or
something to help us with audios did not
plan this but as I was setting up I
realized the audio was going to need
some help we're still figuring it out
because the setup is constantly changing
the setup is in flux so I want to check
this one out
thank you welcome this epsilen first I
got the external recorder I think we
will be able to mount it on the mic
stand and have that gap now recovered
with audio so I learned how to use this
in like an hour
and my camera almost fell all right Dan
this has been a hectic ass afternoon
I fucking figured this out I think so
our normal podcast setup is this right
just us two maybe three people
the problem is when it's like that this
might go to this person that might goes
to that person and this person is kind
of left hanging so that's where this
comes in we got ourselves a separate
recorder for the top person which is
really helpful so now what was in the
middle we'll have coverage and hopefully
it makes a difference we will see and I
will probably have to keep messing with
things keep tweaking it until it's
perfect for now that'll do because
they're going to be here in 15 minutes
so we're going to get going and welcome
down to our place and get podcasting
with freelee the banana girl we just
finished the podcast right now got all
the data and the dogs are coming down
et/pt all right peaches being wild did
you enjoy the podcast freeze I thought
it was so good thank you so much for
having me on I had the best time we
ought wheel I mean those are the ones we
were nervous I'm really looking forward
to so I'm really uh yeah it's like
welcome to our world
my agent meeting you guys yeah of course
and if you guys haven't checked it out
don't look at the podcast it's really
fun we talk for like an hour all right
yeah good so now it's a conversation
quality content northern er the dogs
yeah yeah right it just kind of stayed
there oh you're gonna
looks so derpy today yeah your gentlemen
we have a valium
we blog again I'm gonna good cause yeah
thank you for coming thank you very
first we get into selfies it's going on
my name just you know my name yes love
8:10 a.m. time was that fun I'm so low
I'm so happy is so surreal for me that
like what is to happen it's crazy
everything's surreal to me it's like
we're all the same we're all just these
people alone putting out stuff on the
internet and people you feel like you've
known for years this is really obvious I
guess like some refreshing most
Antoinette's react really yeah
definitely oh yeah let's go we have fun
yeah that's a bit special oh my god
mango juice mysterious inside too wow
thank you
yeah of course it's really special
oh honey
yeah he's very upset that no one is
hugging me
yeah do Jenna go ahead root or root
yourself yeah you got a coach root over
yourself it's important and also a card
the fuck okay kind of fuck up the girl
Sarah listen to us and through and
really fruit in room it is okay like sit
your seats to the podcast or anything
like that I created like a banana mochi
some people step impossible tomorrow hi
Carly yeah
oh my god what just like gave losin em
huh
someone's excited that was pretty cool I
was I was a really cool experience and I
think it was even cooler for uh-huh um
guys just so you know um I'm gonna link
to freely channel below guys don't need
to be saying the things you are but you
see opinions but um she's really sweet
person really sweet really enjoyed that
I think that was one of top five
favorite podcasts for sure um it was
alone next week it was yes I hadn't been
that nervous since we did jasmine I was
pretty nervous for jasmine but I was I
was a good podcast um she is a really
really pleasant person to be around so
she was so great it's all right here now
what if I crush this with my hands it
would be going forever yeah
you're happy go free over this out go
fool or rule yourself alright guys I am
just putting the vlog together now and
it's been an interesting day I don't
want to now sit here and try to explain
myself or explain Jenna's decision to
have freely on the podcast today went
from being a really positive experience
that we only got into because I felt
like we left our minds open we had a
wonderful podcast we got to meet these
people who were incredibly nice it went
from that into kind of just getting a
little bummed out which I expected and
freely is a brash person and she goes
about spreading her message in a less
than nice or sugar-coated way but she
does what she has to do to get her
message out there and I'm not going to
sit on my channel and tell you guys her
message I'm not going to try to convince
you of what she's trying to convince you
up all I'm trying to do is try to make
it so you guys realize that all of these
horrible horrible mean comments you
leave on her page on our page with with
the picture of her she's a person and I
really don't want you guys to feel like
I'm ever preaching at you because I
really try not to preach or or tell
people I know better than them I'm just
trying to share my experience for today
and that's kind of what I signed up for
as a vlogger and some days it's really
positive in some days it can go from
positive to like really weird I don't
know how much I'll be checking out the
comments section on this video because
at the end of the day everyone makes
their own choices and I feel like as a
person of the Internet and you guys are
also people of the internet you need to
have a thick skin I don't know I don't
even know if there's gonna be the blog
anyway we're going to cook some dinner a
little bit Jones playing life is strange
I might watch some baseball and just
kind of kick it
I'm going to stand back the good thing
is is we are going to be getting ahead
in podcasts we had freely today we have
another one planned for later in the
week with the potential other guests
also the first clip of this vlog was
shot in ISO 200,000 so if it looked like
I was dying and it was shot in 1960
that's why
and
don't
Oh
