ah morning guys
so today is Debbie's last day here we're
taking her to the airport tonight but we
are streaming right now and I wanted to
show you guys this house that be
swimming with us and it's exciting
peachy that's my c PG I need my seat
back did you go oh that's my seat no see
you're do I just caught you doing it
again don't do that mom she's doing on
purpose no I'm not I don't know go
faster right you do this if you want to
go faster you could be having a lot more
fun if you just tried do I look like I'm
not having fun
you don't laugh really hard like
continuously for 15 or 20 or 30 minutes
if you're not having fun
okay I'm trying oh my god why so much
delay
okay now you didn't even even take off
oh did it that level was hard as hell
believe we figured it out the machines
thousand what absolute machine I was a
bloodbath so be good if you had one of
these four people in real life
one of what lay control someone yeah
remember we're talking about having a
mute button to this morning yeah I can
hear you my pressure on text messaging I
was sighted hey Jenna call me Mom the
Sherwood bar guy do Debbie I don't think
anyone lives in the Sherwood Forest they
live in the Sherwood Forest where's this
Sherwood Forest it's in Sherwood
everyone's just typing where they're
from on the chat now look you're on the
location like it's fun it doesn't matter
when you do I know
doesn't matter whether they're from
there or not look how fun it is it's
like an international you're from the
moon
perfect all right
but then we then we but what about those
things what
what about postmates oh you're not here
to cook for us you're here to get cooked
for your the gas we don't know what to
eat we need ya we Jenna you hungry well
there's only one option really it's
order food so either I will not promise
that I do not agree to these terms
Wow you grandma's favorite why don't you
stay with her mom at least somebody
likes you come on
Jenna's hitting me I don't know what to
do to stop her I just figured I would
film it so she gets in trouble over the
airport in like two hours to take Debbie
there and drop her off for her flight so
we have a little while before she has to
leave I'm sad I don't want to go
tomorrow we have a podcast guests coming
and it's going to be a really
interesting special podcast so I'm
excited about and then I think Thursday
we might have another guest so we are
busting out these podcasts because we
have yes that are willing to come on
which is awesome so didn't really talk
about it or vlog it but we had a great
Mother's Day my mom came over and hung
out with Debbie and us and my brother
and sister and it was nice it was a it
was really nice and we ate food and had
some drinks just just her and I also
didn't tell you what I took my brother
out ah Saturday night because he turned
21 so we went on to the bars of
Hollywood and that was a good time and
I'm excited to be able to go out and get
a drink with him no fun weekend but it
was with family and I was just kind of
spending time with them it's good to see
you again so we're going to take W the
airport just a little bit oh she fell
asleep on the couch
so I got this ring off of Etsy recently
because I don't have any gold ring or
gold accessories and I wanted it so I
got it for my pinky the only thing is it
doesn't fit it came in the wrong size
which sucks just falls off so I might
have Leah resized because I like it
no want to fit me I cannot see sorry
fall that see things that you found that
you want to sell as your own XE things
so just like a ripoff that you start
where I resell things are not see ya
sounds legal it's a good business plan
thank you link in the description it is
it's their blackberry cucumber that
sounds refreshing we came in a target
after we dropped dead the machine at the
airport Oh orange I've never seen some
of these flavors
Lucroy step in the game up with soda
water
yeah so we're going to get some snacks
reason why we're getting snacks is a tea
his snacks are delicious and wonderful
and be because we are going to have a
little bit of a marathon watching party
tonight of a certain youtube channel of
a certain person who will be on our
podcast tomorrow I don't wanna give it
away but that's what we're doing we're
just going to do some like casual
research and watching and we also
haven't seen Game of Thrones yet it's
Monday I'm singing with Tom's passion
for - white wine middle
our vessels not so we're going to grab a
couple more things and then head back
home you're going to store for two
things when you get all this guess
that's how it goes right
the woman on that I asked me if I worked
here
pretty sure I couldn't be wearing a more
different color than what I would be
wearing if I worked here
just completely blue instead of
completely red why did she ask me if I
worked here I was weird
oh okay I do though have a target shirt
that legit is one of the ones that
employees were back when I did the
target and Star Wars snapchat thing I
know if you guys remember that and I was
coming to target one time and I was
wearing and I was like I literally
cannot even go in here right now
I'll get asked for help everywhere I go
rightfully so I'm excited about this
right
yes
hey thanks babe
not sure why but that girl touched my
camera she was like petting the mic
don't touch my camera but cuz it's fur
it's cute so I can touch it
Oh
