I'm over at Keaton's new place he just
moved into this place and it is it's so
sick is it is what I imagine if I had a
studio to myself what it what it would
look like or what I hope it was it
wished it would look like if you were
single huh but I mean this is like you
were here what a week ago you moved in
something right yeah okay so first of
all this is Matt I'm not doing all art
on the wall okay he's got that he's got
the colored lighting but if you ever
wondered why Keaton's if any of you
watch Keaton youtube.com slash tech he
makes awesome tech videos but if you're
watching and you wonder why or how he
makes it sound and look really good this
is it check this shit up he is an army
lights all set up here's the overhead
shot and Mike he is the monitors check
is of course the best camera in the game
this is something I really appreciate I
appreciate this Keaton that's why I'm
here he's got the overhead shot set up
the mic it's pretty sick I just this is
this is right up my anyway we're working
on some stuff I'm helping him get his
new camera set up but Peachy came over
with me she has a crush on Keaton and
another thing that's cool about this
place is uh this is just Keaton's
apartment or on my channel guys is the
view nag clouds so we're going to get
going on this but I just want to show
you this awesome place because it's
impressive
well done key well done
all right so you want to move this is
when you walk around Julian well you're
trying to solve a problem right now that
I was like it's so simple and we're like
not doing we're not doing it right
your folks at your Chester but I am
focused not that you're good but like
why are you always in success I know I
was trying to work with him yeah I don't
know I remember the easiest thing before
we're trying to just get everything in
the frame we're trying to have a table
space and make this motherfucker Keaton
happy and we figure it out I think you
just need to raise the chair a nest
oh yeah there's no
it's a machine that makes pancake art
you how do you do you you you download
the SD card file that you want so you
want to do like Darth Vader whatever you
go to the website type of Darth Vader
then you put it on SD card you put it in
there
little batter up and it makes a pancake
oh yeah pic are there so does it work
well have you did a bigger as well i'ma
put a hack on there to make it print
faster for the quality isn't as good
nothing Google the waiting 15 minutes
II won thank you like this couch isn't
your bone you've your bone be a good
girl
being a good run yep are you fucking
happy
are you fucking sorry I'm just kidding
are you good is it good leave that happy
face I don't think ID sit on the pillow
to be honest I don't think these pets
awesome alright let's do one more
we're not just ending I wanted not sound
bill maybe over a little bit okay
Thank You Lanyon Oh baby
the baby how do baby I kind of just want
to stay here do you want to leave it
I'll just stay here is it is that so you
down okay what we just accomplished
right here this shot we did it Julian's
the bomb I seriously have thanked julep
for this dang what's up guys Keaton here
so they think you're watching hi there -
hey what's up guys Keaton here and
enough with the drama
alright we're done we finished it that's
that's nice now you can watch his videos
and know who frame that shit up it looks
good though you know what I am I am I
miss producer and sometimes sometimes
guys sometimes guys you really just need
to on the game I proved it fell over
that sign
no no Kim no what what the fuck is that
this whole album by SIA it's called this
is acting it's like a fucking incredible
album and I was listening to it like a
month ago and I fell in love with it
anyway ah peach and I are finished at
Keaton's and we are heading back home to
see everyone Debbie and Jenna are back
at home Debbie came to town yesterday I
forgot to say when I picked her up from
the airport last night
she got in actually earlier than she was
supposed to so I'm excited to have her
here for Mother's Day weekend but today
I think we are going to go to the Art
Museum but I had fun
Keane's that was the first time I saw
his new apartment and it's fucking dope
dude it's a really cool spot if you guys
wonder why I get along with Keaton so
well all you got to do is look at his
setup like that attention to detail on
every level when it comes to manga video
I appreciate that we are at the LA
County Museum of Art
and we're going to see Robert
Mapplethorpe collection the deadly
machine wanted to see Mapplethorpe so
you can seen it before
I have not been here in forever you guys
recognize those lights
those are probably the most annoying
lights in history because everyone goes
to lights take pictures so he said it's
over at the broad
Elena Oh
he's known his for his controversial
sexual suggestive work which in my early
seventies when his work was like
prevalent
you put a lot of stuff that was
borderline porn and it had like yeah it
had like really really raw taste of him
so he's always been a controversial
artist because but it's very interesting
to see the entire body of work I
probably won't show you all of it
because it's those borderline on porn so
but it's very very interesting
so the best way to put the last exhibit
was the guy just came no phones which I
appreciate but now we're in a men's
fashion exhibit which I feel like I
could probably learn a thing or two
about but it's a really cool exhibit
there are some of the sickest clouds
today and while I'm appreciating all
this art I want to be out here within
their lives
oh they are so nice
what's happening
this is crazy
yeah
now I want spaghetti
notice the nice shiny piano tonight so
that's the end it has got a special
piano player
we also want to acknowledge our friends
on the radio gauge ads actually
broadcast all right so there's a huge
rock we're going to walk underneath we
do that everywhere we jump jump run of
things very cool do it again make it how
did they catch just thinking and it's
like bolted in clear that house the
bigger rock
Wow I love how they dug out this path
very cool
sorry quick question that's fun we saw
some art now we're gonna go eat dinner
go on a dinner a real food daily which
is our favorite vegan restaurant the
dinette they have the cider that I love
and Debbie has never been a real food
daily so she's in for a treat and I'm in
for a treat too because it's real quick
daily and I want to eat on food so we're
just finishing dinner we got a note in
our check and a free chocolate cake
because these guys behind us are dink
fan and they wanted to get his cake
Olivia Lopez in her mouth
that's really sweet I wanna say right
now oh so nice meeting you yeah
I know
I really think today could be like more
of a fun and happy day but something
about having someone write a note and
then give us some cake like makes me so
happy thank you so much the people who
did that this is the note they left
that's it for today ending today a
pretty dope note so never hit
