oh hello there we just
Sandi's camera turn oh sorry Wow Sammy's
camera god I'm tired Johnny got a new
camera she had the same camera for like
10 years and she finally got a new
camera how do you feel about your new
camera that baby her camera that she's
been doing her sit-down videos with ever
since she moved from her laptop to a
camera hasn't been able to autofocus so
we finally were like we need to get to
an autofocus camera thank you I'm so
excited
umm she doesn't really know how to use
my camera so when I'm not there I
cheated like struggled shooting now I
mean with who hates this camera look at
this picture I look fucking incredible
right now but I mean anyway this is my
first time at this camera store and it
was kind of badass
it was probably my dad he's my dad punch
him and then go dad
that might be a little excessive I think
but this camera so it's pretty lit I got
a couple things that were kind of like
tweaks to things already have like I
have this clip I don't if you guys have
seen that I clipped my camera on my belt
sometimes that clip is supposed to work
on my tripod too but it doesn't because
I missed this like tiny little piece and
they I just I got it so we're leaving
Sammy's cameras off
every airport ever hates that that clip
where everyone thinks it's like some
sort of weapon I don't get it we're
gonna go get some food now right alright
alright we are back home I wanted to
show you what I accomplished today this
is the clip that I put on my belt so
that I can have my camera attached to my
belt so I'm gonna put this on the camera
clip that's currently on the camera
right now
here that it's on and off works this is
normally what I would have on my belt so
I could keep my camera there what I
accomplished today is I basically
rendered this useless which is the top
to the tripod head that I use this is
the Manfrotto tripod that I use and this
came with this top this is now useless
because works with both so one of the
biggest headaches I've had lately and I
don't know I guess ever since I had that
clip in this tripod was I would
constantly have to carry another fucking
plate around and switch it during shoots
during events during vlogging which was
just a pain so if I ever went ahead a
time-lapse I would have to put this on
no longer I could literally just throw
this out right now I won't not having to
switch clips is amazing and it's so a
huge convenience upgrade anyway we ate
some food we had our real food daily it
was so good what are you doing other
Peachy the internet was concerned about
you are you feeling what then I saw
janna likes her new toy guys prepare for
dope looking videos on Jenna's Channel I
love this so much
that makes me happy what the sky is
insane right now unfortunately I'm not
in the location where I can it's not
even taking my dimes what time is it
that's risky it's a risky click six
minutes yeah I thought a dime would give
me more than six minutes she's paying
the meter for you but yeah we didn't
really get to a good vantage point for
this guy but it looks insane and there
was a helicopter just running circles
for no reason so that's cool and
exciting but we're at Bed Bath & Beyond
because
we need
pancake things we're doing pancake
challenge pancake art challenge so we
need pancake mix and the what's it
called the squirter little bottles right
we're doing our best to find non-stick
pans and our friend here is helping us
so much she's like really into helping
us which is funny but it's nice and I
appreciate it we got our two non-stick
pans and we got the little pancake
batter like bottles to squeeze out and
do the art with so now I'm just going to
figure out the actual batter how's it
going there's a tea kettle that you can
boil water that's clear it's you gonna
watch it boil Wow I would take an
electric one yeah it's crazy yeah yeah
yeah dude that's really cool though
all right all done with the best bed
bath and bed bath and that yeah she
hooked us up also I forgot my bed and my
bath but I'll get it next time okay
Christopher Walken Christopher Walken
works there
he works in both Beyond and beyond
beyond what happened to the sky white
Sun into the sea and this this guy still
looks really really cool you can see it
but it's almost done
you keep others in there oh this quick I
found it I found it for you yeah alright
so we are shooting the pancake art
challenge and I'm gonna get it set up
alright well that is finished here you
can see we have our setup each of our
containers of pancake batter we have our
pan and we have our spatulas
so once Jenna is ready we will get to
shooting this I'm gonna mount the GoPro
somewhere up here I don't know yet we'll
figure it out
and then yeah then we're gonna make some
pink so we won't eat we just finished
shooting alright importing footage and I
was fun it was a lot harder to
successfully draw cool things of a
pancake batter I thought was gonna be a
lot easier but it wasn't any delay in
the dream corner coming up
feels like a dogs behind me but that
couldn't be possible
oh alright guys thanks for watching the
blog I'm tired
