I give him all my love that's all I do
good morning guys
I'm being quiet because Jenna's
streaming right now into which we were
just streaming earlier and she stayed on
and I'm going to go sneak you guys in
there so I can show you what goes on
during our streams but how's it going
it's good is it good
what's this mind doing it are you
vlogging what no I see vlogging me I'll
go boy that's a good try you sneaky
honest a log come in you find the
bottles gin daddy bottles are out and
everything new oh my god dad daddy's
dead come sit with us play yeah I mean
not this but it just wants to play
abroad kitty I I have lost a little bit
of interest in life is strange honestly
so why so good and like oh it's not good
you've been killing it on a life is
strange though what are you on the
second or third chapter I haven't
changed Jackie she's in the third
chapter guys Oh take a picture how do I
take a picture I forgot how did she take
a picture press keys just present much
keys I'm getting flipped off life is
strange but this game is like even more
strange
there's my BAE hey Johnny mommy be dummy
mummy someone's that I'm camera shy stay
away from me Barney what are you typing
you little TV
you're naughty
what are you doing what are you doing
lady peach peach pitcher Julie bitch
loves peach ice cream on me Danny
peach Julie care just fucking care all
right fam I have not done a JJ's kitchen
in quite some time now and I'm in the
kitchen and I'm hungry so we're going to
do a JJ's kitchen today I'm going to
show you how I make vegan and
gluten-free grilled cheese this ship's
going to blow your mind because it's
easily the best recipe I've had vegan
gluten free to make a grilled cheese so
it's a grilled not cheese here it is
this is what you're going to need
earthbounds organic and whipped vegan
spread day of cheddar slices harmless
Creamery aged nut cheese mozzarella
shreds this is some of the best vegan
cheese I've had same brand with
pepperjack and this is perhaps the most
important part it's a brand called bread
seriously and they make gluten-free and
vegan sourdough bread it's fucking
incredible alright so for our first step
we are going to cut a couple slices of
bread it's important that we cut thick
slices because we're making a high-class
grilled cheese this is not some bullshit
so we're gonna
all right so let's cut ourselves some
bread now so make sure you get those
bread slices super thick and nice and
clean because they have to be even so
they cook evenly once we are done with
cutting the bread we are going to throw
a little bit of the Earth Balance spread
into a medium hot pan and let it cook a
little bit let it melt down and then
we're going to put our bread on it and
we want to cover both sides of the bread
with the spread we can't have just one
side we gotta have both covering the
bread otherwise what are you doing what
are you wasting you're in my time Wow
I'm sorry that was too aggressive all
right so this is really hot but once you
flip it over you're going to take one
slice of the day a cheddar one and a
half slices of the pepper jack and some
of the shredded mozzarella and you're
going to put it on the side that is now
facing up ease
all right well there you go that is the
vegan and gluten-free grilled cheese
with nut cheese and sourdough bread you
know like I'm telling you the reason
this recipe is so good is because you
have quality cheese and incredible bread
once you have that it's easy easy peasy
cheesy squeeze the Amidah now
boy it's amazing let's see what Jenna
thinks looks really quite good what all
right well there you have it it's good
we're gonna we're gonna eat it out right
Tony that bread is a fucking game
changer
game changer mmm good why are you
walking so slow hmm
thirsty
that sounded gross I'm sorry hey just
gonna say maybe that stays if it doesn't
I'll catch it we have to run out of the
house a little bit in a few minutes to
run a few errands but we've been at home
pretty much all day taking care of stuff
Jenna's been streaming I've been editing
cleaning a little bit and I'm just kind
of fucking hanging out I realized that
today was the first time I done any sort
of anything with a weight in like maybe
a month and a half
like I haven't touched weights in so
long I've been focused on jiu-jitsu and
I've been honestly really busy and that
feels shitty to like take so much time
off and then you go back and you like
try to do push-ups and they're hard so
that was me today but you know sometimes
you just have to go through that to
realize you need a workout maybe once a
week maybe another thing which is kind
of cool we are going to make pasta
genovesa tonight which is a the pasta
recipe that we like that has kind of
like a pesto sauce but we are going to
make the pesto sauce with
that basil right there which is honestly
damn fucking cool because we grew it so
we're gonna have some fresh basil
Genovese he pasta pasta Genovese see
tonight and I'm looking forward to that
but we will we have to run out first and
take care of a few things
so when we get back we'll be cooking
dinner we'll be eating this is might be
just a food heavy vlog for you which I
don't think you're complaining about I
can't hear you so maybe you are
complaining about it I don't trying to
do a better job hydrating unless I carry
this thing around with me all the time
at all hours of the day I won't be
hydrated so I just need to force myself
to carry my canteen everywhere
Gemma's mystery is streaming life is
strange and apparently it got really
dark today that's right she's coming hey
yeah hey that was really fun I made it
to an image tracker
Debu machine stream forest we could do
that we should do a stream again yeah we
should try it'd be really fun you guys
are the real MVP see ya
every single one of you is the most
value valuable player mm-hmm singularly
hmm you're collectively one most
valuable player April yeah and I
honestly really want to stream some
rocket League hoops for you guys so
maybe I'll do that peanut butter
sandwich I like this barking angle it's
easy you like this vlogging Engel but
why are you barking why is it cousin of
attention I see you oh yeah great
stopped by Jenna's dream
like that Oh God he's go god I told him
about our pasta Genovese he did I crash
from the garden I'm excited to get the
garden and cuts himself some beets boy
it's we're back we're gonna start dinner
and I just want to say how much I love
this girl I'm so deeply in love with you
oh so what you're going to go outside
right now should we do it let's do it
we're gonna go pick some fresh basil
okay so leaves
oh yeah look they're in yeah you're
gonna even though there are some fine
ones no that's our plant get the fuck
out of here
Wow
Fila all right so there is already and
we're gonna start getting going on the
pasta you guys have seen this mega so
pretty sure or we've snapchat or
something but yeah it's basically like a
pet a homemade pesto pasta with some
potatoes in it so we gonna get going as
your cars on our carbs carbs on carbs
gods if you're not eating carbs you're
not living the carb lifestyle
oh my guess yeah freely preach to me
pine nuts fan but yeah so we're showing
right now we got the basil pine nuts
yeast and salt and pepper and we're
gonna blend it up
oh and olive oil of course final product
it's pasta Genovese see carbs on carbs
on carbs eat your carbs kids carbs good
me my mom all right fine give you
attention lady give you attention cuz
you're such a sweet look at that face
it's a little cold in the house cause
drama AC because it was hot today
oh hello and she does this holds on to
my hand with both of her little arms
like it's fucking cute anyway I just
finished the rocket League hoops stream
and it went well has nice goals or hoops
or baskets buckets
Kobe which was a lot of fun and there
was a cool chat that you guys were
awesome for hanging out but it is now
time for me to edit the vlog so I'm
going to pet peach for a little longer
and then you guys know the deal
hmm
