little marble so good morning guys it is
relatively early Sunday morning and I'm
up because we are heading to CDF Expo
see that disease convention that I've
been planning on going to for a while
I'm so excited I'm going to be on stage
doing a QA and speaking a little bit and
I'm also going to be meeting some of you
guys who come to the convention which
I'm excited about I'm honestly really
excited I feel like this is a really
cool event that I got myself involved in
because of my history with this event I
went to this event like so many years
ago when I had just learned I'd celiac
disease because there was really nothing
else to do and it was the only
convention like it so it's very cool to
come back and share my experiences and
what not so I'm very excited I will
absolutely be bringing you with me
denne is going to be coming to my mom's
gonna be coming my sister's going to be
coming so it'll be a nice fun day over
at the Pasadena Convention Center little
nervous actually to be in front of
people but no whatever just I'll just
weird it up alright we're arriving at
the convention center right now trying
to park um I I don't ever remember being
here I don't I was so young when I was
here last or maybe it was never here but
it's cool we're in Pasadena and it's
kind of lit you can go you're welcome I
just led a gluten-free car go ahead of
me
oh that's bright we're looking for a
Hall B which is the national education
something gluten-free something I'm so
happy that I know the name of the event
that I'm going to right now but yeah it
doesn't look like it's very big so it
shouldn't be hard to find I was huge
basically at Bebe's concert yeah I think
the Biebs was driving behind us right I
think he was driving - he was driving
like a 2003 Escalade that was definitely
Biebs yeah that's who he is right but
there's like a graduation going on other
people graduating it's May oh I guess
that's graduation time but it's May
first I just windows
early in the morning oh it's early in
life okay that's not hobby that's
graduation we're already lost wait
hi are you good are you
so we made a couple friends already but
I guess that is what I'm going to be for
the QA and we're going to start in just
a few minutes we're kind of keeping an
eye out for my mom I don't know where
she is she's supposed to be here
somewhere
I imagine she's the one with guys food
all right come on stage now
talk to the peeps Lonnie was hanging out
until Evita we're gonna do a live Q&A in
just two minutes
it's stay to the back of that to the
hall he is a healthy welcome at YouTube
blogger please tell Amina so we will
start off with the there is a question
of a1 who were you diagnosed with celiac
disease if you could talk a little bit
about your diagnosis right I was 15 when
I was diagnosed I remember when we saw
the doctor who diagnosed me it was like
a like let's just try this it's
definitely not going to be this will
test your chords I'm almost positive
it's not going to be celiac No
that and it was and you know that was
almost what eight nine years ago
something like that and at the time it
was like you couldn't find anything it
was it was a whole shock to my diet and
the way I had to live and he so it was
pretty nuts I basically didn't eat out
like if I was going on my friends I ate
beforehand I always made sure I had like
stacks and I just planned on never
eating out because it was impossible it
was but it was impossible to get food in
and it was all clear you felt like you
were causing a scene every time you were
at a restaurant and you didn't want to
do that so I was like yeah I just I just
needed hope so how do you figure like so
grandmom made it happen the difficulties
but you know since you've been diagnosed
a lot has changed in the world in the
gluten-free world look at this there's
so many options everywhere it's I never
actually thought it was going to get
this big I never thought it was going to
be this easy to eat gluten free and you
know I always talked about how it's a
good thing and a bad thing that it's so
popular it's a great thing because look
at all the options around us and you can
eat so many places now and people know
what it is and I would say the bad part
is a lot of people don't take it
seriously because it's also kind of a
fad diet if you have celiac disease you
need to stand for that and
you know make people understand that it
is a serious thing you obviously have an
awesome audience and super supportive
super interactive I guess the nature of
vlogging or the types of videos that
make is transparency like you guys who
watch my videos you kind of understand
most of what goes on in my life and I
realized you know a couple people
responded with comments saying they have
CRTs and I realized you know I kind of
have a duty here to talk about it
because you know when I was fifteen I
didn't have that you know I just want to
be something that other people can use
like a tool to navigate this whole world
with celiac disease I just feel like and
it's not something I ever look at as
anything besides like I enjoy doing it I
really want to help as much as I
possibly can I feel like I kind of can
doubt which is awesome so it's always
wonderful looking at your comments and
seeing people from all over the world
that just feel so appreciative because
there's not a lot of people out there
that are publicly talking about celiac
disease so to have somebody that you can
connect with that you already you know
loved and look at - that can actually
speak freely about their diagnosis is so
helpful so we're definitely grateful for
that what do you think the hardest thing
about having celiac disease right now I
would say travelling you go to a place
and you're surprised with how amazing it
is like I've been to Australia if your
time
and they're incredible there's
gluten-free things everywhere but then I
recently went to Tennessee and I was
like alright kind of beans and rice the
whole time and people that you know I
don't even mention it because I'm almost
positive that they're just going to look
at me we're like I have no idea you're
talking about so you know it's always
kind of like a wild card like you don't
know how a certain situation you put
yourself in is going to receive it
anything he's a good tennis unit do we
want to take a couple questions from you
guys who's your favorite father she
asked if I ever got depressed when I
when I got diagnosed like I look back on
that time and a lot of it was like more
often than I would just choose to be
hungry because it was just easier what
is the best thing
this like this is a really really
awesome thing that I feel like I get to
do whether it's a meet-up Twitter thing
coming to the convention meeting you
guys
fielding comments about celiac disease
all of the above is something I look at
is a really really positive thing that
I'm like happy I get to do you know my
mom has been one of the like hugest
tools I could have ever had that she
takes me you know when we were growing
up going out to restaurants should we
take me out even when I didn't want to
go out because she was like no we're
gonna find something I'll talk to the
chef she'll barrage into the kitchen at
the restaurant I'm like whatever you
know thank you but I'm curious make your
comfortable raise your hand if you have
celiac disease or gluten sensitivity
this is like the most celiacs I feel
like I've ever been in a room with it's
like a special family it's really cool
your mom has had a relationship with us
for many many years they had known about
my mom long before we had worked
together because she made herself known
which is it was so huge I guess this is
more
- like differentiate the
there was no because of the high
sensitivity there was I used to try to
make two positives because the foodies
saw much more it's more expensive now a
regular toaster we glued free soy sauce
regular soy sauce
julienne still carries around in soy
sauce and fiber energy bottle thanks mom
so it was no gluten free cake walk if
you know what I mean hey thank you so
much I say you got one part of that
Guinea something
that's good question so she was asking
because Jenna my girlfriend is vegan how
does it affect your diet
I respect your eating habits and vice
versa for her I think if anything it
makes it easier because I'm with someone
who's in tune with her diet almost as
much as I am because being a vegan is
intense like you have to really monitor
when you're eating all the time and so
when I met her and I explained this her
she was the most understanding person I
could have ever hoped I would have ever
met
because she knows what it's right
cooking together eating together going
on trips together eating somewhere stuff
you know she's helped me make my diet a
lot more plant-based which has helped me
immensely and I feel a lot better like I
could easily be dating someone who's
like eating Burger King every day and
just doesn't get it and they're like you
know just do your thing I'm gonna and
that sounds like a real kind of crappy
reality so I feel really lucky to have
someone who not only understands it but
in a sense kind of lives it and it does
make it easier for both of us I
understand her stuff and she understands
what I go through so yeah I just wanna
say thank you so much for coming out
everyone it's a thank you so much it's
always going to be something I
prioritize so the fact that anyone
showed up let alone all you guys it
means a lot to me so thank you so much
and if you want to go get a hug a
gluten-free Punk I will be over there
right now
I'm so proud I'm proud of people and I
did good too
I did good all right just finish the Q&A
it was dope Jenna filmed it for me my
mom talked a little bit it was awesome
I'm like I'm blown away that anyone came
out but now they're all over there
waiting to hug me so I'm going to go hug
them and show them some love
it was really cool I also want to go to
the Tino's booth and get to vodka lanka
is in a bottle
another Star Wars friends this
no but seriously when I was shooting you
it's young it's the back of Bianca heads
like yeah it's my head all right so I
met my friend named Erica who wrote this
book
she's a gluten-free blogger and her
website is celiac in the Beast this is
your book it's incredibly nice-looking
book but it's it's a humorous take on
cxas which I really appreciate I think
that's awesome so you do like signings
is that people around the country I do I
go across the country and talk about
gluten free 101 talking about pooping
pants which you know you gotta tart
someone's gonna talk about it how to
talk about it I'm gonna put your website
and blog below this is really cool so
it's nicely grating to do you think
incorporate meeting yeah you too
the event went amazing everyone came out
as awesome
Jenna's awesome everyone's awesome it
was a it was a dope event I'm not really
happy we did it and like I'm just happy
that we made it happen so we're going to
drop our bags off in the car and
potentially put the drone up I don't
know
well miss you I missed you I missed you
with cheese did you know we got older I
was in a COS convention what were you
doing with your time were you making use
of your time
