so what am i doing right now well first
sitting on the floor but secondly I am
preparing a miniature little video
photoshoot for something very special
that's happening really wish the fucking
lights in here weren't so damn dim damn
dim why am I so hot right now also I'm
in love with my iPhone 10 easily my
favorite part of ever had for this
coming Tuesday November 21st a little
bit of background as I sit on the floor
this month is the year anniversary of
the first lapel pin I ever released
trying out a completely new merchandise
and also kind of just a new arena of
creativity and content we worked for a
few months
developed those two pins based on my
love for clouds and my hair that looks
like a popsicle at the time and we
released him and it became such a cool
thing that so many of you guys have
taken part in representing your love for
the art of these pins representing the
fact that you care enough to buy merch
that I sell and so it was so exciting to
me that I said in December all of 2017
were releasing a pin design a month we
missed one month so I believe I have
every pin I'm going to shoot which is
every pin I've released thanks to my
which a while ago Jenna told me to get
so I can put things that matter to me in
there and every single month when I get
new pins I put two of one design in
there to keep forever so these are them
so these are my safety pins so get on
away from them they're not for you the
idea we have is to sort of shoot like a
progression video of every pin that
we've done and then the end it's teasing
to the new pin or pins I should say well
I think we're gonna get started with
shooting these now
we I'm literally the only one here I'm
literally sweating right now I
definitely underestimated how hot it was
gonna get with the lights right there
also I got the doc going in the
background following asleep on the couch
this couch is really comfortable and I'm
really tired
that is so fucking cool that is my first
experience ever
with wireless charging and holy shit it
is nice well after a wild Friday night
falling asleep really early
we woke up really early today on
Saturday and we are starting the day by
taking the dogs to the do gparc a the
dog park we spell it so they can't
understand they're so inferior anyway um
I just exported the little teaser for
the pin drop next week I'm new to like
product shots
I like bought this like white little
table top background and a black one as
well for shooting this specific project
it's a lot harder than it looks if you
guys want to watch the video it'll be
all on my socials but I'm gonna leave it
at the end of this vlog anyway we are
gonna go park then we're gonna go get
some groceries and then I think what
we're gonna do is we're gonna give add a
little bit of an upgrade today because
that boy deserves it okay I think we're
gonna take this instead of the camera
head it's like 10:00 a.m. what are you
doing dog parks like I'm staying up late
in this book in it's still who's Friday
is it Friday night bud Friday night I'll
fucking stay up late partying alright
know what's coming your way dog you
don't even know yeah I know
are you excited but I think songs
excited okay
so we're now at the pet store looking
for an upgraded cage for add that was
the project we're gonna get a bigger
terrarium so here's like a nice big old
mansion so now we're deciding how much
one to get dude it's so much bigger like
you can't really tell from this shop but
we traded this forty gallon tank for a
70 gallon tank Jenna got a whole bunch
of different bedding for him so that's
separated by like that fucking cardboard
and then it empties out right there
which is so cool by his wheel I
stretched his talents remarks we can
still have dopes tunnel time but then
you can go try out the new soft bedding
you excited boys a big space upgrade for
you I young adult now me Vegas okay fine
it's really sweet of you it turned out
really great yeah we blazed over there
but we spent four hours making that
thing it's huge
