yup
your smile
morning guys so I'm out in the world
today doing a whole bunch of stuff just
getting everything kind of back on track
for myself one of which is getting my
car wash which is what I'm doing right
now what's this
I kind of want to see what's down here
but yeah so there was a pretty long line
in the carwash so I just took my stuff
with me and I'm going exploring for a
little bit just been kind of running
around today I eventually need to go to
the grocery store this is probably not a
good idea my car is absolutely filthy
for the few vlogs that you've seen in
the last couple months where I'm in my
car you know what I'm talking about it's
uh I haven't washed in forever and it's
getting grimy so I had to come clean it
and I'm getting that done finally which
is good it's going to feel good to sit
in the car that's not disgusting but
hope your day is going well I have this
obsession with riding boards and not
going slow places like if I'm walking
somewhere I'd always rather ride the
boosted board or whatever but it does
feel freakin nice to just walk I used to
walk a lot and it's like yeah you know
it's it's good for your mind it's it's a
nice peaceful experience so I feel good
that I'm walking I had the choice to
bring the board and it was a lot of shit
to carry but also I'm happy I get to
walk keep finding these road blocks
where it says trespassing
but like it's only right here this LA
River goes for many miles and there's a
lot of areas you can walk right next to
it I'm so confused why the one spot on
and I can't walk I'm up in the air right
now
and I've lost connection completely
disconnected with the aircraft twice now
and I'm so confused because we're not
really near an airport we're not near I
mean that's the thing about this is like
you could be near a really high radio
traffic area and you can't know unless
you actually try to communicate so
apparently this is a really high traffic
radio area and so my drone is having
trouble communicating me so I kept it
really close 50 feet in the air super
low my new thing is time lapsing from
the drone the drone does a really
incredible job of stabilizing itself
with wind and air and everything to the
point where it can sit almost completely
still in the air and so I like to get
time lapses from angles that I never
ever could get time lapses from
I love my drawing right now
be fuckin shit what even were those
those were Louis fuck they look like
secret top secret army helicopters see
that's the type of shit like if I tell
Jenna about she'll lose her mind because
that's some government shit secret ass
government shit pet we're not supposed
to ever know about I can't believe I
just saw that are there going to be more
50 feet is low but they were low as fuck
- so who knows how like they would have
seen the drone I don't know that was
fucking that was crazy
I'm gonna get the drone down now I'm
spooked I'm still very very confused and
spooked and curious as to what those
helicopters were you guys can only see
the world's janky astre pod right now
Jesus you know it's unfortunate because
I have to be back at the car wash in
just a few minutes for my car this area
is really tough to fly and what's not
unfortunate is the fact that I got to
see those two helicopters from the sky
which is something that I really
probably should not have been able to do
legally that might be enough flying for
this area at least
what
a small little vegan snack which is
hitting a spot because of the salt cars
not done yet this place is kind of
slammed today so I had to improvise get
a snack Tomer I need some real food when
I get out of here
but veggie Strasbourg
we're getting a dozen because he came
over this way
oh no it's nice to meet you fortune here
again oh yeah my hair oh well my hair
nice to meet you
coconut bacon I don't know oh yeah fudge
gauzy I'll do a panda as well yeah
never been to a donut place that I could
have so many things you normally had a
donut place I'm like yeah I'll take a
soda so this is pretty cool and I'm
excited that we got a dozen and not a
half dozen like she wanted
I can't believe how beautiful this is
oh there thank you so much it looks so
beautiful I just want to eat all there's
a savory one here it's like an
everything bagel nice to meet you thank
you for your oh you're welcome
so our girl Mejia who works here she
watches us we're gonna go crazy now
should we eat let's eat all right yeah
so we got explain this one is called
aerating Dona which means it tastes like
an everything bagel it has like poppy
seeds and onion powder and garlic stuff
and it's like our dinner and then the
rest are dessert so we're going to try
that's really good like the donut is
sweet and everything in it and on it
it's like savory that's lit live fail we
had to go back to the car because the
meter is only 30 minutes but first of
all Eagle Rock is kind of nice and it
reminds me of like a cooler version of
like Melrose really cool shops
everywhere but we got to get back to the
car and then we're going to eat 11
beautiful masterpieces of donuts that we
have now I'm so excited and the sunset
is lit what a day
you know sometimes when you just want to
lay on your stomach like on the couch or
something I don't know what it is about
laying on a pillow like on your stomach
and being on your phone like this so
that's really appealing sometimes but I
want to lay on my stomach and relax for
a second so I've been editing and we ate
dinner and I tried to eat doughnuts but
they're incredibly filling and we have a
lot left over so we'll be eating
irresponsible dessert for the next
couple days it looks like I'm going to
be put to use to help execute Jenna's
video which we which you might get a
little goofy with so we'll see how that
goes
but for now I just I want to like browse
mindlessly and lay on my stomach roll
yeah hey papa
don't call me Papa Papa blast Papa okay
you can call me Papa bless God bless me
with your bless thought what would you
call what we just shot for you what is
that um that I'm really tired trying
something new and giving no fucks that's
also a hundred percent true been dancing
around by yourself - you're almost dizzy
that's what we did tonight we shot
Jenna's video and that was so fun
there's something new and I enjoyed it
now I'm closing the vlog so hopefully
you enjoyed watching us he'd own us
today there's still about 10.25 Donuts I
can't wait to eat bad for the rest of
the week but they are so good if you're
ever in the area and you need
gluten-free vegan donuts go there yeah
thanks for watching the vlog you're
welcome breathe on me mommy
breathe breathe on me mommy the airplane
thing yeah I imagine that's how that
baby talks we got to get to editing this
Oh see you guys tomorrow just kidding
we're Soviet oh you
