according guys just heading over and out
through this celiac disease foundation
there are offices for my Twitter
takeover where I'm going to hijack their
Twitter account answer questions for you
guys about the event this weekend and
about whatever else we want to talk
about I said yesterday I've never been
to their office so I'm honestly excited
to check it out
Jillian's going to be there and all the
other peeps from CDF so it'll be nice
and I'll hop on their Twitter and start
talking you guys but still a little slow
today trained earlier this morning and
uh still tired but I'm trying to
caffeinate trying to be ready and uh
looks like I'm here now
so let's get on Twitter
hey hey hey yeah yeah hey hey how are
you doing
good to see you yeah good I was
wondering what this place looked like
yeah look that view though it's coming
tonight nice this is Marilyn Chester is
doing chess yeah very nice to meet you
are you reading off these ones
um yeah yeah get the password he's gonna
make me guess it you know I use news
right business cuz I just told people to
go prior what's the password so I can
just like to whatever no all right so
I've been answering questions on Twitter
for a bit now and not snapchat you guys
are awesome because you're asking good
questions and hanging out um which is
fun
ah I don't know if you heard Jillian
before but the the bag of goodies that
you get just from coming to the event is
stat what is it it at least thirty
things are going in these bags full-size
products
full-size box of cereal like three
full-size boxes of cereal and full-size
baking mixes and free product coupons
literally like you you're gonna you're
not gonna have enough hands to carry it
so that's just just letting you know if
you come to the event you buy tickets
you get that bag automatically of
amazing goodies so that's what I'm
looking forward to I'm just going to sit
there and eat yeah as you should
well that doesn't include the 100 booths
another yeah you walk around and pick up
more for sure also now that they gave me
their password I'm changing it and
keeping their Twitter account for myself
tell them like how much should okay
again you do thanks Joe hi all right I'm
just leaving the CDF office and that
went really well I'm pumped for this
weekend it seems like a few you guys are
all so pumped and I'm gonna see you
which is great I also got some snacks
which is really why I can't let's be
honest now I don't know what to do with
my hands or fault I'm gonna go back home
now and make myself some food I haven't
really eaten anything but I guess that
means I have to drive myself home I kind
of just want to send the back of newer
and eat these snacks but I said I got a
drive but um yeah I was great really
awesome time first Twitter takeover I've
ever done I don't even know if I did it
right I just don't know what to do with
my hands
sometimes it's Tuesday and you just need
a little bit of help in the evening and
salt so this is my cup full of help in
salt
I've been craving these at the weirdest
times lately it's the oddest thing but
I'm going to say no but I'm also kind of
doing that because I'm hungry for dinner
and I'm putting off dinner I cleaned out
my closet did I try got back and I had a
little nap
so I'm doing some laundry still and I'm
hungry so I gotta get dinner together
whether it's ordering or cooking we just
don't have that much food in the house
so I'll figure it out but while I think
about it I'll have a little help this
cookie is really good tonight some
dinner finishing it off with some
dessert first little laundry is done
thank you little laundry is
almost uh there's a noise in there that
really sounds like it shouldn't be
happening here that batching so
chapstick oh you know what this is going
to go straight in the trash but oh no it
completely melted
yeah why I really didn't get all over my
lunch without suck that happened I'm
going to need another cookie
all right I'm going to fold this laundry
now it looks like the chapstick didn't
leak all over everything as you can see
that closet is nice and tidy it was not
like this about seven hours ago so a
little bit of peace of mind going on in
here I got to say I'm honestly a little
bit surprised with how today's the
second day where I just still feel out
of it I was we were calculating sleep
that we had this weekend and it was ten
or twelve hours from Thursday to Sunday
which is insane and I'm really just
feeling it and today was Tuesday but
hopefully it's the last day this week
where I don't feel No let's try to get
some rest tonight but first I have to
have to finish this job
one of the things about vlogging almost
every day is that I've really never paid
this much attention to wearing the same
clothes all the time normally I give
like no fucks about wearing the same
clothes all the time and that's before
vlogging and now that I've logged a
bunch and I know that people get to see
what I wear I give like three fucks
which is still like very few fucks but
I've never been this aware so you're
left with socks fucking everywhere
the thing with socks is they leave you
and then you're left with singles so I
leave them all on the floor to sort them
at the end and now it's the end so I
have to sort them right those socks down
there have not found love they are still
single so I will leave them there but
this is it as I did the whole closet now
I'm going to head downstairs and start
putting in the book
that is our new little light switch
thing we installed with the lights we
have basically that makes it so we have
three presets of light recipes I think
they call it for this room so we can
easily switch it with just the touch of
that button and what's crazy is that
light switch needs no batteries it
harvests the energy when you press the
button to make the light switch work
it's crazy thank God there are people
smarter than me because I could have
never thought of something like that
just wanted to show you that because
it's bad fucking house look party time
yellow time focus time no I'm feeling
kinda in a party mood so thanks for
watching the vlog today guys I recognize
that it was a relatively mellow vlog I
know my life isn't the most exciting but
it's also not this boring this was kind
of an exceptionally boring day although
I did get to do some cool stuff with the
Twitter takeover so I hope you guys
enjoyed that anyway I appreciate you
guys I'll see you tomorrow have a good
day
