is resting
you know trying to find food in Orlando
Florida for us little special people
with our diets and shit is so hard we've
eaten nothing but like rice and fruit
and fries so we're trying to find dinner
Winnie dinner now it's late and we're
hungry and we're like dizzy hungry it's
bad
last night we got home from the party
we have no water in the room now
so I went to sleep and I never do that
after drinking always chug water but I
had none so the morning comes and I'm so
thirsty and I couldn't get water for
like an hour I was dying so I'm not
gonna with that half of the kid not
going all right uh we're gonna go to the
party a couple minutes I gotta get
dressed and I'm not going to bring my
camera it's taken quite a beating today
and I don't want to drunkenly do
something stupid and drop it or whatever
so I'm going to leave it in the hotel
room even though I'm not going to get
super drunk I'm just trying not to carry
it you know right babe palm babe that's
a long and hard saying it is at home
babe I'll hang out Chris and Shannon
amongst probably good amount of other
people should be fun should be lit play
lit play late live so I will likely see
you guys in the morning
oh all right
last day play this live just waking up
and going to the meet and greet and
we're bringing our luggage to the moon
green because we're in the airport right
after so what we like on no sleep last
night
not that we were out late drinking a ton
I was just we couldn't sleep and then I
wake up early so we're a little bit
crazy right now
on the moon we're on the cloud maybe I
don't know we're on cloud eight cloud
eight as fuck right now so we're going
to head over there soon and I meet some
friends and then off to the airport
stress will fuck out there with all of
our shit all of our shit going clueless
it's the lobby now I don't want to be in
the lobby
okay
is this out yep this is the strong West
is us thank you sir
just the adrenaline adrenaline for ya
whenever I have to wake up I will not
sleep the night before well I'm really
tired and I'm like I feel weird so I'm
just gonna make one minute oh look
forward to that forty you're you're
beautiful I just I'm not sure I'm gonna
miss you mister clouds though this guy's
rum
what is it meetup rumor in is anyone
what do you know the name I did go to
the orange room but I think there might
be a couple of orange rooms
that's right he's these kids wanted me
to ride the booster board because they
wanted to see it what are your names
Garrett nice to meet you Garrett yeah
Gavin nice to meet you you guys you seen
these before - wrap leather on your
wrist right then you hold the trigger
right while you hold the trigger then
you go forward and back
could you killing it that's awesome
I was told I couldn't ride this indoors
so that's knowing and I want to ride it
so let's take for a walk
Valentina oh hi future me is my friend I
love you guys I love you Jenna mainly
her all right this guy's singing really
loud I don't know is the oh this is Joey
and she wanted to add a Batman she's the
last person that we are meeting on this
trip thank you for waiting so much worse
like why wouldn't I
my heart hurts
we just finished as being green she's
doing a quick interview from playlist
and then we're going to the airport I'm
gonna make our flight which is in just a
couple hours so that's playlist for us
but it was awesome it was amazing
meeting you guys it puts my on our face
yes we're here
and rarely sleep on the plane
but uh it's been final I know
we're back home and I'm wearing a giant
ass sweater I don't think I've had a
sweater that fits in space since I was a
kid but it's dope we got in last night
and we were absolutely exhausted so like
I told you we ate some pizza and then we
watched TV and just lay on the couch
until we fell asleep
we are like hardcore recovery right now
I am this weekend was it was awesome but
we're recovering so I pizza last night
but then you know what happened is I ate
the pizza and I needed more so I just
ordered more pizza and it's going to
come soon so I purposely cleared my
obligations of the day because I needed
it so bad to just get back to human
level anyway everything's good
the trip was great reflecting on please'
the serums it was a lot of fun so I'm
glad I went I'm glad I got to do
everything and do all the playlist
things with you and with everyone else
was great but now I'm I'm in big hoodie
mode I'm gonna weigh on my more pizza we
watched Game of Thrones last night which
was dope
I really hasn't heard of that show seems
not to be very popular yeah we were we
we had a meet-and-greet yesterday went
straight to the airport and flew home
and I was planning on you know sleeping
in the flight but we were like hyped up
you know there's like there's a certain
feeling after meeting you guys and
having long hours of hugging we're like
you can't just like go to sleep right
after it's also really good like what
I'm trying to describe it's like you
feeling really happy and there's just a
lot of emotion so you can't just like
turn off so I was trying to sleep on the
plane but it couldn't have some instead
I just I ended a little bit and then
just hung out messes around my second
pizza is coming we we think we're
probably gonna stream on Twitch later on
tonight because it's Monday but it's
Pizza time first and I just want to
check in with you guys because we got
home last night and I couldn't I
couldn't do anything separate pizza and
sleep so
when this let you know I'm alive oh wow
hello did you eat the pizza too did you
eat the pizza hmm no you didn't you
ain't get any pizza she's excited I'm
back so are the others they were very
very very sweet last night right
peachy did you miss the vlog of course
you didn't okay oh what's this weekend
is the celiac disease event that I will
be at speaking at meeting you guys the
CDF Expo hold it camera more let's just
let's just figure this out all you say
alright so Sunday May 1st is the day
that I will be on stage doing the Q&A
and speaking at the CDF Expo and then
directly after meeting you guys at the
CF Expo it's at noon the information
will be in the link in this description
and today for you guys it's going to be
Tuesday this week I'm going to go to the
CDF Expo offices and take over their
Twitter so you'll be asking me your
questions on their Twitter for however
long I'm there so you'll have a chance
to get more information and hear from us
together and that'll be actually really
dope because I've never been to their
office I'm excited to see what it's like
and also I'm excited to have
conversations with you guys on Twitter
so Tuesday this week which is today at
1:30 p.m.
you need a hop over to at celiac dot-org
on Twitter because I will be handling
their account and I will tweet back and
forth with you guys so that's happening
today for you the rest of our work this
week still remains I just want to let
you know because this week is a big week
it's the CD FX book so hopefully those
of you are coming or excited because I'm
excited thank you so much for watching
the vlog thanks for following along this
weekend this trip everything
I very much appreciate you guys and it
was nice to see some of you in person
I'll see you guys later
