hello guys and good morning oh I just
returned back home from an awesome
training session trying to put this hat
on got some new tricks anyway my mom is
coming over pretty soon for some coffee
she should be pulling up any second ha
she's gonna come hang out half copy I'm
going to show her the changes of the
house and and then I'm pretty sure she's
gonna want to see the drone fly
so we'll probably go fly the drone for a
bit to show my mom what's up with that
peachy's down here with me
she just said come hang out with her
daddy eg she's just licking herself
you nasty my mom should be pulling up
any second out coming in the two little
messes how are you claiming your
territory wow that's a good girl
you wanna see the new office Wow
okay look at the dream corner genival
and then awesome casted in ITER's into
the dog oh yeah
oh you two hit that Beach oh she's
losing her little male because she wants
honey peach peach peach look at me each
you're an insane person you don't know
what to do with your little body come
here sit sit look at me peach peach look
at me peach you're crazy you're crazy
lady
Cheers
I'm having a beer right now as you can
see I got my haircut and I got these
gluten berg beers said to me my gluten
berg I tried this for the first time a
little while ago in a restaurant they
had it and it was amazing and it's some
of the best gluten-free beer I've had
that's kind of like exactly what the
doctor ordered except no real doctor of
a doctor ordered you to drink a beer
not only when I go to him but I probably
would have a doctor for very long we're
eating dinner soon and we're kind of
putting off our pre travel
responsibilities I got to hang out with
my mom today which was nice like I said
I got my hair cut so I'm gonna drink
this beer now have a little dinner catch
up with you guys a little bit but I
wanted you to be included in this
experience because it's sacred so
hotel room lighting is pretty damn great
I don't look like I'm in a den at all
the last time you saw me I was drinking
a beer at home and now I'm in a hotel
room about a drink a glass of one so
it's a fitting transition anyway we flew
to Orlando and we're pretty exhausted
but we we think eyes are so tired why
our arms tired
well alright so as you can tell by her
face oh my god you just hit your head
alright I'm keeping this open baby head
and left foot throw it both hands
commanding hold tighter hold my hand hey
Lydia hope ya
Oh help me then God you could hear your
head hit on that clip
fuck it's wrong with you as you can see
we're out of it right now holy shit we
just flew the drone in the room because
I brought the drone and it's dark out
and I want to fly it so blue in the room
we're gonna grab some dinner soon or
Rome Texas we will eat with you when you
get back Chris and Shan are gonna come
meet us
Australia sucks sent so Ron's coming
back we're gonna go get dinner and um
Chris and Shannon are gonna come meet us
for dinner I think and then we're gonna
go to the playlist party tonight you
guys don't believe me there you go but
anyway I'm gonna suck in ready and have
a glass of wine and then we're gonna go
out for the night so we're in Orlando
we're here for playlist it's exciting
but we're just kind of on the moon and
exhausted and out of it but it's okay
because wine exists caffeine exists and
food exists also you exist and we're
excited to meet you guys
and dads exist - good morning Orlando
ah man we are up and heading over to the
convention center in like 15 minutes
for playlist we got Jenna's
meet-and-greet I'll be hanging out and
that's all we have today we'll probably
spend a couple hours therefore the mean
greed and you know hanging out seeing
other people
whatever green room stuff I don't really
know exactly you know everything's gonna
happen but we had a blast last night
Kristin Shan had some dinner drinks and
then we were so the playlist party which
was nice you can get kind of just like
hectic in a sense of like so many people
all like so desperately wanting to say
hi to everyone so it gets crazy but last
night it was fun it was cool so we were
heading over to the main Greek Lebanese
clouds oh I love the storm action here
King two seconds before we have to leave
this mic just popped fucking off you see
this it's got a fucking little shock
mount and it just snapped because it was
on my hip fuck fuck fuck so I was
walking by a chair this morning and my
mic clipped the chair and it snapped
this off but I found a way to fix it
I have this little cord thing taco
whatever fucking MacGyver
yeah I hope this fucking mic works I
hope this mic works I'm gonna begin
hearing we are we're in the green room
it's like tons of people here but we're
going to the meetup right now as soon as
me up we're seeing people that we never
get to see we just don't it was like
craters everywhere I'm just looking at
my crooked ass fucking mic it's like
overwhelming I want to hang out here but
we have to go so we might come back here
after the meetup but we have to be at
the meet up soon are we going to me up
right now
all right we're going right now I don't
know how much I'm going to show you
probably just walking in and all your
lovely faces and sorry for the screening
in advance sorry for the shot of us
walking in a roomful of screaming people
which you've seen a billion times in
advance but it genuinely is exciting and
it's it's pretty nice feeling like you
guys are excited because we're excited
to hear excited me the friends a lot of
friends here
I promise I can oh this is Tori hello
friend Tori if you recognize Tori he was
in a video where she had the curling
iron and it got your hair off but she's
just all Jenna Jenna laughing that's
amazing though I love that you dropped
the bomb on her and she just like was
excited to tell her and you legend I'm
an amazing video Congrats thank you
my god they're gonna be in the block oh
yeah actually do Scalia today hey what's
up my seat you guys
you do it's my new friend Gracie salmon
hopefully that lighting is good
Jenna's meet-and-greet was good and now
she's behind me doing something for
Twitter video I think I guess I don't
know the mean green was great everyone
was nice and it took about four hours
so after this we're gonna head back to
the hotel and get some food get off our
feet and get ready for the night I guess
but we have a couple hours after this so
we'll just chill but thanks for coming
for those of you point awesome time I'll
help you secure
wait she did why yes you know your ass I
try to be Xiomara cool so I will see you
guys
yeah see you later quick little photo
shoot with grizzly Martin who's the
awesome photographer who shoots up a
playlist now we're out for real
alright guys we are back in the hotel
I'm off I got this note today girl named
Sophia and it I don't know I really
don't even know why it's like making me
so happy but it really is and I'm just
really happy to have it I'm happy that
you guys spend time on showing us love
it's it's huge um anyway we we're trying
to like just wind down for a little bit
get some food and hang out Michael put
the drone up because the clouds look
beautiful before it gets dark but it's
getting late so we only have a couple
hours before we got to be the party so
thank you guys for watching I'm going to
put the rest of this trip in the next
vlog so hopefully you'll check that out
it's really nice to meet all you guys so
thank you so much and thanks to Jennifer
letting me hang out her mean greet but
I'll see you guys tomorrow and tomorrow
is our last day of playlist then we head
home then back for the dogs so thanks
for watching
hey guys
