Oh with the eyes open
oh he's awake
it's not with his eyes open he's
literally just awake snoring you wake
snoring you snore while you're awake
is that how you breathe now you just
snore yes thank you guys have like
mistletoe cuz that ball my boo you want
to go to the mistletoe
you just looked at me in the knee way
mommy gonna kiss daddy under the
mistletoe good morning guys
no blood on my hands along with my
girlfriend well you're just watching a
bunch of YouTube videos then Marvel
started snoring while he was awake so we
can wake snar and wakes nah I'm hungry
are you hungry yeah what should we eat
well you're awfully cute mumble what do
you think we should eat today
how about chewy cheeseburgers shall we
eat sandwich
well should we eat a wrap Oh a wrap
sounds good Marvel will you make us some
hummus wraps but yeah we Jenna's videos
up fucking up already what time is it up
like noon hell yeah girl oh yeah we just
couldn't up focus area and I went out
but it videos up today since we got it
done we have time to prepare the house
for being gone this weekend so we're
going to do some cleaning and we need a
little caffeine little food right now we
just took a break from everything to
just watch some YouTube videos because
sometimes you just got watch some
YouTube videos and then gotta watch them
again and then you got to watch random
drone videos of the Grand Canyon and
watch house like irresponsible people
are all
god fucking guys flying it in the Grand
Canyon above a rescue helicopter and you
can see it this rescue helicopter is
literally lowering into the canyon
probably to rescue a human being and
he's just fucking droning above it ah
people like that are gonna ruin it for
the rest of us drone owners but whatever
so we were just watching some YouTube
videos it was really nice and fine so
but we also watched the miranda prank
vs. prank prank like what she did the
speed dating and we were dying I was
really funny it's kind of nice you
wanted to blog for me all the time for
me blog blog blog blog blog for me what
if we made that a music video like
you're just holding the camera and
that's it vlog for me blog blog for me I
feel like II look how you look I see it
question yeah is this road I didn't take
those roads we speaking of them we
watched their boy band video that was
hilarious
yeah thanks nila Jenna we're gonna get
some food in caffeine now I'll be more
energetic for you okay if you give me a
camera this is all gonna record okay
hello are you state your full name
karmak Washington Lincoln oh very nice
to meet you you know what he's doing
you're using a dark so right now I'm
doing some work on the drum over here
doing firmware updates and calibration
and stuff like that just to keep it
running well so I'm not flying it right
now there are a couple things that I
want to tweak and go into the settings
and kind of just like explore a little
bit so that's what I'm doing with the
drone right now also a lot of you guys
have asked when the P is going to return
to help ah how about right now
shit alright
he doesn't stand up by itself that's why
all right there you go you guys happy
about that I strive to make you happy
strive to bring you happiness so there's
like no food in the house we made like a
wonderful fruit shake this morning for
breakfast and now I'm hungry so we
ordered some food we ordered some this
vegetable thought that we've been eating
anyway so I'm just going to keep working
on the drone here and get it nice and
tight running well because I don't want
to have any problems when I'm out in the
field
give it damn so we just finalized the
lights as you can see this trip isn't
just beige anymore we can control the
color of this shirt which surprisingly
difficult to set up
the jet is creating some cool thing over
there show you guys mention an adult for
worship me Pinterest no no so till it's
done all right fine we're going to show
that when it's done but for now worship
her Pinterest so we just spent a fair
bit of time getting this all set up so
now that this is all set up
it doesn't have to be the same color in
here can be kind of like focus lighting
or whatever which is kind of cool which
is the idea on getting lights like this
but since Jen is working over there the
beanbag
new chair is not enough was pissing off
some folks around here they don't know
what to do because they were so excited
and then they were so without a seat do
you need my help
ok I'm gonna I'm gonna help her hammer
those into the ceiling cuz it's a little
tall for her that is literally something
I never thought I would appreciate
saying thank you look at that let me
just take you into this dream world we
got blankets that we were not using
beautifully put up on the walls the
ceilings is a towel back there Jenna's
amazing cool light here look at this
this is fucking cool well done thank you
place the room is so fucking with why do
you want to take a picture with your
camera
listen room is lit I'm gonna take a
picture with my camera now so we're
running out to Best Buy to finish the
project by getting one more thing that's
always how it is you spend all this time
collecting all die
you need and you need one more thing at
the end of day so we have about ten
minutes before they close and we're
going to grab it or I'm gonna grab it
just gonna win the car there are you I
got it right here thank you so much
weirdest fucking thing I'm like standing
in line this guy behind me he sees my
camera and he's like yeah you know you
know about cameras I'm a I'm going to do
a commercial shoot for foot modeling
what cameras are good so I start telling
him what cameras I would recommend and
then he just like goes to the register
and like forgets we ever had a
conversation but it's probably for the
best
I don't really want to have anything to
do with that guy because it was a pretty
weird thing yeah I got it I had an
adventure too alright so we just got
home and I walked into our new office
but the experience of walking in is like
special I want to show you guys this is
what it's like to walk into the new
office right this is like I'm just that
light in here I don't ever want to spend
time you were awesome I'm just really
excited
my resourceful is that I mean that is
something I told her I was like I never
ever would have seen your vision but
that is fucking dope it's really cool
like you need to post into Pinterest you
literally should post that to Pinterest
this is cool like if all the lights are
off this is pretty dope I mean this is
some homemade like for fantasy like
where the wild things are little Narnia
entrance like this is cool so aside from
this room because we basically just
finished this room I need to go to Home
Depot now to get a rack to hang on my
geez on in the laundry room because I
have nowhere to put them so we're gonna
go do that now because they're open and
I figured I'm just never going to get it
done unless I just go do it well I have
the time and then we got to get back
here to watch catfish survivor and put
the vlog together for you and then also
get some more work done whoa look at
that thing
no they must there must be some kind of
like old car gathering happening because
they're like mind the streets when
Thomas
yeah these really old-school that's
great what is that
what the fuck is that something
happening tomorrow that shit
is there like a parade tomorrow or some
shit look at there's literally a thing
that's unloading hard I'm gonna get this
cut
no one's working so I know it was like I
was like he just by enhance I'm kind of
have this damn it's pretty tough right
here we have to buy the whole thing I
was probably the most fun some people
I've had in a while
all right we got all this stuff done
yeah this is for the vacuum and then
this is my brand-new gear rack which is
awesome I had nowhere to put them before
now they are there scramble for the wind
oh alright that's about enough cleaning
and adult things for the day especially
for a vlog thank you guys for putting up
with all our boring festivities of
getting our fucking lives together today
but uh it was completely necessary
because the cleaning had to be done and
we are going to be going on a few days
and we basically just worked on peace of
mind for a whole day so seriously thank
you guys for hanging out I appreciate
you I'm really so happy that you guys
are digging the drone and the response
is just really awesome you guys are the
best
so thanks again and I will see you guys
tomorrow for another vlog have a great
day
