Yuki's still you like the new chair did
you wanna get yeah did you wanna get hey
you wanna bet
you let me sketchy okay she's so cute do
you cute you claim that chair that the
PT chair don't like that you put up all
right yes alright so this whole entire
portion of the vlog will be introducing
our new and improved office 2.0 JJ's
office office tour office tour office Oh
office 200 look do it
welcome okay that funny
feels pretty funny okay first things
first on the realist
check this out guys real motherfucking
curtains these are the ones that
someone's
and you motherfuckers I meant does Kurt
you guys whoever sent this I feel so bad
that we don't who sent them
but whoever sent it knew us too well
because they sent us this bar that you
can just twist and it'll tighten it and
we just stuck it right in there
stop no real good okay so guys
number one is real fucking Kurt's that's
number one
okay but we really spent a lot of time
fixing up this office look at that
lights like right here you can blog I
can vlog in here and not have it look
like a dungeon anyway as you can see
behind me which I hit today in the last
vlog I have a shelf for all of my gizmos
and gadgets Connie a plenty I haven't
seen was okay one thing we are not you
got 20 but okay no big deal I love it
when I Julie is hello see what a snail
dad said well gonna read alone what do
you cuz each Oh Pete don't get too far
legs
I have no idea what just happened so
here's the shelf we got going on alright
starting up top we have some decorations
and this is actually my box of special
things here we got lens wipes checks
tripods camera stuff and then more
camera stuff and then more camera stuff
basically I'm going to keep most of my
lenses right here on top of this dope
ass book Curtis hero buddy David Powell
from Google and Japan this is where I
keep my lenses cameras everything like
the apps flat service and then in here I
just have like accessories I have extra
props for the drone other camera stuff
bureaucratic and we got just more and
more stuff it's incredible the feeling
of being organized so that has changed
my life and huge shoutouts to the
girlfriend for helping me organize it
because I fucking suck at that but you
got it does
she was forcing me but we got it done
and it's all set we also have little
shadow spot right here
some dope artwork from one of you guys
the office plaques and proof that I did
college stuff and then the drone goes
right there
tripod peaches still sitting there like
she owns the damn place so this is a
cool thing right here these are wire
lights that Jenna bought and then she
got untangled so then it became a wire
light ball of amazingness this is so
cool and so we hung it right in this
little like nook where we got our new
little chair so now if we're editing
over here provided in here and we're
like you know what I need to take a
break you go right here where peaches
and now it's the chill spot we also have
our new floor lamp with our router on it
and it came with a Kermit and Jenna spot
is all cleaned up looking sick looking
ill Manistee son look how cute she she's
been wearing your glasses all day and I
can't get enough of it she's so cute
cannula I can't not actually actually
I'm incapable of knotting anyway this is
our office and it's all we want to spend
our time in right now we just want to
come in here because it's it slut and
look at the lights we did the light
strips around the whole entire ceiling
yeah so we're working on connecting
those our hub right now we're in the
process of that but just walking in here
there's light there's organization it's
you it's dead a dream corners it's
awesome ya know anything
I like the dream corner but peach is
using it yeah that's the peach corner
peach what the fuck dude
peach you stole our office so I am
currently putting together the Joshua
tree visual vlog whatever you want to
call it and Jen is working on her video
and we uh we're just getting shit done
in here because that's what a clean
office does and anyway I hope you guys
like Dobbs or oh yes like it Obie's
don't B's Dorn you know I thought it was
mediocre my office tour yeah I needed
more Little Mermaid songs I think I
needed like 15 less you're wrong you're
such a shit this is the thing I don't
know I'm gonna continue editing I just
want to show you guys office hopefully
you appreciate it like we do because
it'll make us in here more to make more
stuff you guys have logged in portrait
that's stupid
we came all the way to like West
Hollywood area of Melrose to get some
shit at the Adidas store cuz that's all
I'm wearing cuz that's all we're gonna
wear this weekend at play let's just the
DITA stuff so we went got that stuff but
what about getting dressed
no it's gonna look lit like I can't see
you guys see her outfit
mostly Jenna's we have to mean Greek so
it's a it's too much standing to wear
heels and get all dressed up so we're
just we're wearing tracksuits faces it's
a lot of standing but then we got done
and it was a golden hour so he put the
drone up over this whole area and I
looked beautiful so that was really cool
yeah you'll have already seen that
though probably we're gonna go ahead
some deer now
gentle so our front halls a bit of a
mess but we're going to take all these
boxes to the trash tomorrow anyway we
had a wonderful little outing we went to
the deuce or got some stuff and then we
went to dinner we went got some dinner
at one of our favorite restaurants I
spilled beer on the wall actually cider
more specifically I ordered a cider
which by the way is like my new favorite
type of cider BAE what was a cider
called it's like India Pale cider super
dry but the brand was 101 something let
me find it
101 cider house and it was like the most
incredible cider I've had and I'm
drinking it and then we get our
cornbread and then everything goes out
the window because I reach for the
cornbread hit my beer and as I see it
going off the table I try to reach and
grab it and by trying to grab it I slap
it towards myself it gets on the wall in
my face so it was great dinner but we're
back now and we got some good stuff and
they did a star like I told you we are
going to try to get anything done
tonight get some more work done because
we're ahead of schedule which is great
we just got to keep the pace up but
anyway after discovered my favorite
cider and then I spilled it on the wall
at dinner so that's how our night is
going
we were going over here just little
sermon action guys we picked up this
amazing song for the Kermit versus the
draw video it's so relaxing really like
it's all the sobs I pick songs on vital
Janice like Miranda today don't slap my
foot it's my foot
I'd appreciate it if you didn't anyway
dogs have essentially usurped our new
chair and peach hand it up for the time
lapse for you guys so if you guys enjoy
that some little ones but yeah we're
just working on this video that we shot
for Kermit it's Jenna's video this week
it'll be fun hopefully you guys will get
a kick out of it it's like a super kind
of goofy happy video that we wanted to
do right goofy and happy it's getting
late so we're just we're just working
we're working away I wanted to say good
burp thank you and I wanted to say to
you guys I finished the high desert
little video it's called high Android
and it's gonna be out today it's alright
now I finished the Joshua Tree movie and
uh it's out now so if you guys care
about cool desert drone shots that I
shot this weekend go check it out right
right there somewhere or in the
description I don't know somewhere it's
all my channels I hear a lot so go look
at that it's actually pretty beautiful
it's it's kind of cool to see that
environment from the sky anyway we're
gonna keep it going here but thank you
guys for watching the glory I appreciate
it I wish I could say I'm gonna go drink
some more cider what cider now cuz I
spilled half of it on the wall my eye
along the entire wall funny it is very
funny
well okay then I guess it's funny anyway
thanks for hanging out guys I'll see you
tomorrow
make sure you check out that video it's
cool show this guy thank you
all right well thank me you're welcome
then you're welcome guys see you
tomorrow good bye
