holy shit we're doing a Ustream or you
you like YouTube livestream fuck is this
this for real this happen well
apparently my wife what's up yes you
think Josh for this one he taught me how
to do this we are holy shit we are in
Joshua Tree and Jenna's gonna braid my
hair right babe
wait I might even get a check all right
okay yeah nothing I'm doing it I'm doing
it right okay here we go
oh you can leave like this like a normal
video nice fridge thanks it's not mine
Airbnb Joshua Tree that's just me
birthday do me harder my god and it's
why this is why I put a strawberry in it
what's called swine fucking wine I was
like why you just dropping strawberries
and making comments on this thing but I
mean is it a smooth streamers it is it
is
like not dislike a little choppy like
weird every beast on the Internet is
pretty shit here we're kind of in the
middle of nowhere
we're in the middle of the day with a
little lower but we're just hanging out
Jenna took me out for my birthday and
I'm so happy and we're trying to fly
because we have up to eight hours your
computer has less battery life I've
livestream for like you're in the back
whoa but you you like you have to too
tall
okay what what I don't know you gotta
like squish down a little I'll attain
peace I think so birthday wishes guys
where the dogs what's that stuff there
in there we created a makeshift indoor
bathroom why because there's like
mountain lions out here I mean I'm gonna
have an enclosed yard so we want to make
sure that they didn't get eaten so we're
trying to go to the bathroom
spicy means this is cool you guys
enjoying this like as a live stream on
YouTube I've never and I know the
quality's horrible and our Internet's
horrible but figured
it might be easier this time then Paris
Club hermano okay let me know guys like
in the stove
what do you has your profile picture has
Chipotle and I think that is just
fantastic 420 blaze it now that's going
to be that is next week yes yeah all
right guys all the time I was like this
is the other tip research it's not going
to be a copy I can't read that while I'm
reading you know this something said
she's breathing on dad that's right I
love your hat
well thank you Chris mother gave it to
us look Chris wait is it little
Canadians matter it's like it's only on
TV like threesome don't move around
I'm sorry just kind of iceless lit your
hairs like really slippery
you're gonna just shelled it just child
it chill out chill on water
ah sorry guys I fucked it up or you know
better I tried to do that and you said
no they don't need to see me thank you
all right look just let me oh it's
fucking with your head tipped yeah you
did your hair is like just wash so it's
like slippy you know ya gonna have to
make it really small cuz just very much
hair all right yeah anyway just looking
at this don't lick shot okay oh no it's
flipping out
be easier if you did like smaller ones
because this section of the braid is
probably too big for how long your hair
is you know what I did to grades we just
give up again and give up you strategize
is a given : I mean swine anyone at
least make this the top of your head so
boring just looking at my torso don't
you keep that on the floor with you for
horseflies I'm gonna give you a zig
think part yeah it up line it up live it
down
now we can see daddy
hey I just don't want to directly like
this that's fine don't move okay
sorry this is a but next we're going to
tell them time I recorded myself
where's the feedback we took the fat but
it was so money the wind is just
throwing it around it was crazy we still
got some spice instead of braiding it we
should just give you some cute pigtails
no yeah I think so
who's crying what do you think Sam the
other looks so good for jujitsu yeah you
know that would actually be good for you
because my hair always in my face but
this would also kind of come on back and
it's like
yeah shorter you don't my god okay that
joke Nikki got me guys when I had hair
on the sides like this is two year to
three years ago I was like I really want
to try to get corners but my hair was
hitting at the bone yet it was like it
was like maybe this high off my head
like 4 inches 5 inches and we asked one
of Jenna's nail stylist she went to that
she was like because you were there
getting your nails done with me a man
manicure yeah and you really don't
agreed my hair sometime at Nikki use
looks up to this feature here you just
don't like they're kind of delicate but
they're different hair pins got a
callback for any other home buddy you
see I mean it does the trick and you
except I was gonna treat was not as good
of braids like this you should I just
throw it out a little bit so I could do
this more often
burnout oh yes thank you type let me see
it's amazing Jenna just braid my hair
like old school please death hey I like
kind of jocks tattoo it like this Josh
I'd like this you never eat your side
why people ask me how you dad's like
this how did you just do that's like you
take your arm when you go for swimming
there's like they're asking you way to
pop out the comments on here guys so
many I know I look really hot today
how do you pop out the comments like on
YouTube so you can just hang out right
here what's this Yahtzee you will go to
lists all available commands you know
you know this look right Oh God control
room it defeats the point though if you
can't see the comments you can only see
them on phone hey good birthday and wait
is this what is this this is a Google
hangout yeah something you can share
that maybe just maybe it like minimize
the window yeah
so click on it just a title yeah
now you can go yeah yeah why can't you
pop them out though
how about check literally says pop up oh
nice great stuff yes thanks all right
now you can go back to the other one
right yes yeah
click me adopt me chat stomach what are
you doing okay
ya feel me really I said it I feel you
there you go um I played a really funny
song on the podcasted this morning
before you left but it sounds if you
want to look preview can I do yeah very
more slowly
Julie was furious that made it no I feel
like I was at a disadvantage because
maybe like 20 fairly like drops and
sickness I'm going to yeah Ryan please
more strawberry ice when thank you
please for Swan sounds like actual
garbage alright thank you for the
birthday wishes actually the seventy
well thank you yeah I sleep she was
gonna say no I said are you guys ready
for what we played or what I played on
the podcast over and over again just to
give you a sneak peek yeah it is the
most ridiculous Rena 'kx I've ever heard
in my
I hope this works you gotta wait a
second in the internet we're gonna talk
about wait a second how about this fine
all right
three two got it down that's like the
down for like okay won't even play me
that I'm devastated very now how do I
make it play himself pumping so panda or
whatever just not even remix just the
audio track played over the Seinfeld
themes layered on top this his early we
sort of like shot the shit on the
podcasts for Monday but I do just sit
there and play it do you until you have
had it with me I'm gonna put this butter
knife away it's done its job with your
penis with your penis so you're playing
poker earlier does and guess who won
Julie won where's Debbie machine Debbie
machine is in and the Rochester New York
she and they'll take fan love from new
next okay so it says there's 1,700
people watching everyone click like I
want to see if it goes up what I want to
see if that works
because I
right now I mean it's a live stream
anxiety when I wash it back so I'm given
audio quality I don't wanna like delete
it
yeah it's not good but I guess it's just
a way to do live for you know what is it
weird or trees don't Audrey don't do it
we don't want we don't team in steals
fault right up I had to sleep it's 12:06
okay good night good night
troll amitabh using highly interested
yeah
these comments are lit as fuck fuckity
l3 success wear smocks Romina
fuck email sharing eat some cereal
turn down for what porn site
lately a hundred percent vegan not
anytime soon
I didn't like so close to all vegan he
still eats fish he still exclusi a lot I
would say if I didn't eat sushi and I
didn't like sushi I would be beginning
right now
any pegs it's just this be proud of you
thank you everyone's proud of you
I'm for lumber in the comments but hole
puncher me is closet oh my god these
closets so marimbas in Paris I do this
is not a new paint job I did move we
didn't mean this blueberry in three two
one last thing ye popcorn odds are you
my mama get legs me is watching you shot
on tour in Irvine because talking about
dog toys I think that's what I gave him
the peaches she like completely peachy
eats everything
what chemicals did you go to bathroom in
our show you need whiskey well if you do
get whiskey cheers to your women Cheers
the Coachella
are you around these things no Cheers
the kitchen
don't do it three we just don't do a 3d
what kind of wine are you drinking it's
called swine comes in that box of
strawberries
all right well guys they ready to go
thanks for the night there are play
cards like I'd say exciting some of the
night with us I appreciate it it's fun
man you guys are awesome
have a great night and I will see you
all make snapchat whatever right here's
our swine Cheers
how did that fridge looks Bom Bom brain
says no fat bucket did my dad amos say
please anywhere I'm trying to read them
as fast as I can all right bye guys bye
guys
