what is up you guys good morning thank
you for checking out on today's vlog I
appreciate it I want to quickly
apologize for the lack of baggage this
week it has been a rather interesting
and crazy week for me in the best way
but it's been nuts I put a lot of my
time this week into finishing legendary
and the quick turnaround we had while it
contributed to like the awesomeness of
the whole process it was it took its
toll on me so I've been kind of
recovering today from that we had the
live stream at Josh's earlier
do you mind get out of my room plain we
released it right after the live stream
which was a lot of fun because a bunch
of you guys came to the stream and hung
out with us I want to say how happy I am
that I did this that I kind of stepped
outside of the normal scope of the
videos I make and try to direct and edit
and be a cinematographer for a music
video it's new for me but it's something
that I only did because I really wanted
to do and I also only did it because
Josh gave me the opportunity which I'm
very thankful for because had he not
done that we wouldn't have found this
really cool synergy that we created I
feel like we worked really well together
and off of each other's ideas so I just
wanted to say I'm so happy and while it
completely beached me I had an absolute
blast
completing legendary this week so if you
guys have not checked out legendary the
music video that we just finished Josh
it is now up so please go check it out
and let me know your thoughts I am going
to dinner tonight with my girlfriend my
mother my stepdad and my sister and it's
an early birthday dinner for me they're
taking me out to dinner over in Santa
Monica so that should be nice and fun
and family like and festive and then
tomorrow we are going out of town
Jenna's taking me on a little birthday
getaway not far but we're just going to
go away and get out of the house for the
weekend and I'm so excited for that
because it does us very well when we do
those types of little trips so it'll be
great to celebrate my birthday with her
and away from home and you know so I'm
feeling good I just want to sit down and
catch up with you guys really quick also
I'm glad that you guys enjoyed the last
vlog I made doing this this week kind of
new for me but I figured it's kind of
important to just catch up and talk to
you guys and what better time to do it
when I'm recovering from doing a million
things this week so so we have a little
bit of work to get done before we head
out to dinner tonight
in the morning we are off on our little
weekend trip I also just finally posted
some of my new pictures that I got at
the photo shoot this week by Robin Von
Swank who is such a talented
photographer and I kind of wanted to
read a couple of the Instagram comments
because let's be honest you
motherfuckers are funny so that's the
picture let's read some of the comments
breathe on me holy duck me I am now
paralyzed ugh HHH gah gah hggg DHEA
punch me in the face you look like you
belong on a Wheaties cereal box that's
just nice thank you for that comment
let's move on to this pic which I really
like it's me and Peach page B Butte a
man and his page that's a good comment I
like that comment I'm crying real tears
fav this is the next picture I like this
one this is cute let's read some
comments
why isn't Jenna wearing a shirt well
that why does Julian's face look
photoshopped on all these pictures I'm
crying I don't know I can't believe
Jenna's not wearing a shirt SNH right
well those are all the comments already
for you guys anyway I'm really happy
with the pictures I've never gotten
professional pictures taken to myself so
it's really cool to have those and I'll
be posting them probably sporadically
from now on but I changed my avatars I
got updated pics and all that so I'm
excited it's been a crazy awesome week
guys it's been a really good week and I
thank you for letting me upload
yesterday's video I wasn't sure if you
were going to just leave and never come
back so thank you for not leaving I'm
gonna run inside handle the rest of our
evening so I won't let you go yet
but thank you guys for letting me do
this sit-down talk with you guys I
appreciate you so guys I just a little
bit of cleaning and not have a hour till
we should leave
to dinner what's going on we just been
getting rid of shit sleep lately so it's
just kind of the way it's been going but
um tonight is gonna be good getting out
of the house come on to see my mom on my
birthday week which is fun what I'm
really excited about honestly guys is
going where we're going out it's going
to be to the desert and we are going to
be shooting like epic stuff with the
drone with the camera with the dogs
everything it's gonna be similar to how
I shot a lot of the stuff went to Palm
Springs but it's gonna be a lot
different in in a lot of ways as well
like we're going to experiment with
different stuff and I'm just super
excited like my honest vacation is to go
to like a new place with Jenna relax
drink enjoy but also bring the cameras
bring the drone and like kind of
experiment so that's like a relaxing
hobby for me so I'm super excited to
show you what we get this weekend
I just tomorrow can't come soon enough
so after dinner tonight it looks like
we're gonna podcast and then we gotta
pack up you're ready to go and then
bounce out in the morning so there'll
probably be a number of hours getting
there in the car tomorrow and we have to
get groceries and stuff for the trip but
you know what I am just so excited so
I'm gonna see you guys at dinner and
then I'll close the vlog then so you
guys can have more of all of my
day-to-day since it was kind of quiet
but um good thing I'm getting hungry
though cuz we're going to do and that's
all the good thing bring your appetite
that's one thing I can always bring my
appetite or you guys we are almost out
the door we are gonna leave in like five
minutes
I saw a couple other comments I want to
read and since that's the theme of the
video let's read a couple more comments
there's a lot of Breed on me breathe on
me daddy I'm not sure how I feel about I
officially have the Oedipus complex see
this one's interesting because I guess
they're saying that they view me as
dad and then they find their dad
attractive but we're not even there yet
that's the first part is fantasy see so
it's like fantasy Oedipus I don't even
know what I'm talking about dad question
mark this is my dad dad dad hi dad
papi there's just a lot of dads I don't
know you I just wanted to acknowledge
all of your comments I don't never talk
about Instagram on the vlog so I I get a
lot of love from you guys on this Graham
so I appreciate that
although just so you know I am NOT your
dad but I guess I can't really tell you
what to call me because if you wouldn't
call me dead
you're gonna go me dead anyway what
you're going to do Jenna you ready
sounds like Jenna's ready to go down
thank you right in
cider I've never tried this kind
KREM firing in black bean burgers
Rockne burger for a birthday
thank you yeah
the screens you can see yourself oh this
is when you in this way yeah recording
when there's wind is like this versus
the sound servers they have bad audio
hold music often that is a good idea for
sure oh you're welcome
give me some cover fire for dessert
like a cauliflower cake business my mom
bakes vegan and gluten-free for us that
was so sweet thank you mom
open up the land gone okay okay yeah
just got almost home from dinner and had
a great time with my mom said that
sister my Jenna and there was good food
and I just feel very loved and happy you
are loved
I love you have you guys have a great
weekend thank you for watching applause
fine mom Erica I got Drive baby come on
I tell on you gets the red light now I'm
gonna talk for the red light I'm gonna
do it I'm very excited for our birthday
trip this weekend going out into the
desert it's gonna be an adventure and
guess what if you don't like it we can
just go home you know that's right I
will for sure document it and I love you
guys and thanks for watching and I'll
see you on next one
by my friends in every little Allah
hello this is this an
