good morning guys I am just getting up
out of bed and it's about ten forty nine
and I went to sleep around 7:30 so
that's where I'm at the reason being is
I stayed up all night editing this video
for those who missed the yesterday's
vlog or don't follow Josh I am directing
his music video for the song legendary
his new song coming out and we went out
last night and shot the entire thing
till about 1:00 a.m. and I spent the
whole night editing it and I'm really
really excited with how it's turning out
I cannot wait to show you guys you'll
also notice the office got a nice little
cleanup yesterday by my wonderful
girlfriend and uh not really there yet
when my new shelf comes I will be but
I'm feeling good trying my best to
caffeinate I'm kind of on the moon we
just got to get to this photo shoot in
about an hour you guys ready to get your
photo taken so it's just like every
other day is what you're saying we're on
our way to the photo shoot hopefully you
shouldn't be too much traffic then again
there's always too much traffic have we
not seen you know
how are you guys going hey
so we are at the photo shoot now Jenna's
going first so I get to watch and pick
out an outfit which I can't even do in
real life so I'm gonna need some help
rooms here with us she's gonna help
Robin is our photographer and our theme
colors I think are pink and blue which
is cool because I like both of those
colors and I think together they make a
really cool piece and the dogs are
running around like they don't know what
to do as let's be honest I was talking
to the photo shoot you do I would not
know what to do either but um yeah so
I'm not up yet I get a little bit of
waiting and picking my outfits and then
it's go time so I'm doing my job at
peach Jenny's doing her shot with
tremana models and then we're doing a
family shot family are you in revulsion
yeah yeah Oh down excuse me oh yeah
thank you
occasional pants cleaner okay well this
is my chair would you'd know where
there's no racist in Boston well because
it couldn't have gone worse than a
servant well actually no it could look
what you did I'm just kidding what would
happen if you touched that to your hair
it would just go to challenge what a
fraud
I'll be waiting in the back there what
are you doing Marty
your next lady your next
you gotta go news change your plans by
the way I get pink background Jen is
done with her single shooter now is my
turn
look how pretty yeah I mean really
well I'm in Rahway also I've makeup on
her after yourself socially with manly
dudes you're such a big humans EG ready
to get photos so cute
very happy
target jump good all right yes
we gonna be
nobody sleepy photoshoot made me tired
watching that snapchat sorry see you get
caught slippin it's been a while me
rusty you can't slip it Rome is like are
you snapchatting I haven't seen into
your snapchats lately I was like you
might want to check have you been
saturating her yeah once
can we see a screenshot on the block
anyway yes here come on Rome we play for
you guys
Oh perfect oh great yeah yeah Oh totally
and it's an upshot so that's no it's
candid it's super beautiful I like it
thank you haven't had any personal
photographer right yeah you're welcome
Rome
so I finished my individual shots and
peach was so adorable she jumped on my
back and we got a really cool shot she's
really cool yeah um so now Jen is done
with horizontal mine now we're going to
do the family shots and we're doing
purple background really I'm just
thinking about pizza right I think we
get pizza after this yeah
that's right being a gardener what's the
dose of Americans
you want to go to the doctor do you want
to go to the loo
yeah those are amazing hey guys bloody
peach nice baby Carrie come feel like
you're tied up together freaking out
okay why are we the best hangover like
Titanic amazing are you ready any time
don't with the photo shoot
awesome awesome time got a lot of good
stuff anyway we gotta pack up get the
dogs out sometimes after a long
photoshoot you just needs to get your
pizza on it's not here yet but we
ordered pizza we're back home we're
gonna eat it I'm so hungry
photo shoot went amazing really excited
get those pictures and start showing you
guys them and stuff just to have it's
really nice and Robin was amazing who's
the photographer
um but yeah we need to get our pizza on
like really bad like it is a dire
situation here I don't even think he's
not you know how that mean your pizza
right now pizza together this it's a
good time we finished yeah we finished I
added on words you guys are in for a
treat Julian sulamita is like a director
of the future like what you've seen from
him it was just like the tip of the
iceberg I am so blown away by like the
natural talent you have I appreciate
that
anyhow series I think the coolest part
honestly is like we went out last night
and we just rogue apps did it like we
just did it and now we have a product
that we're really happy about and we're
excited to show you guys about
so we're thinking Thursday right there's
a livestream Thursday we're gonna
livestream it I'm going to release it
and I will let you guys know one is out
yeah I'm gonna make sure you all watch
it because it's delt
this is a dis ain't no dingleberry bad
this ain't nothing over this is like Oh
josh is a corona yeah oh it's honestly I
think it's a really cool culmination of
the music you brought in to where I can
edit and we just I felt like it went
back and forth all time and as much fun
shooting was I feel like editing was fun
and it was just cool thing so I think
Julie and I are going to be doing this
type of stuff together feature this in
my opinion this is the new form of
YouTube collabs that should exist I'm
sure it already does but they agree this
is what a collab should be not just a
chat and challengers are great but this
is like this is what I do this is what
you do let's collaborate together yeah
promote each other and boom so no I
think that's a really good fucking point
so yeah all right well I'll show you
guys later anyway it's done it's done
it's done it's done
