what is up guys
damn you're like my mirror right now Ian
I just cut my finger
that's pretty cool fine so today's work
I'm just gonna sit here and be a
complete asshole kicks my fucking hair
and get myself ready to go but I wanted
to talk to you about what's going on in
my life I am leaving tonight for a few
hours to shoot with Josh he has
something in the works that he's working
on and I'm shooting it for him and I
wanted to let you know that because I'm
gonna be putting a lot of time into the
shoot and ending it on the next couple
days so it can be dope and so you guys
who watch Sasha's vlogs and his videos
and his music will appreciate it and
that he'll be happy with it that's
really important to me so that's why I'm
gonna be spending more time on that for
the next couple days than on my vlog so
I've logs aren't dope where I'm not
spending a lot of time at least for
today that's why I'm doing this
I did have an absolutely amazing weekend
with Jenna's family I got to spend a
good amount of time with her dad who I
love we really got to hang out all of us
and it was just it was one of those
things where at the end of it like
you're tired because it was like
non-stop but you also feel like full of
like family happiness and it was just
really great so that's where I was this
weekend we were kind of gone the whole
time and then we took him to the airport
this morning and then Jenna and I
screamed today and now I'm going off
tonight and just not that long to shoot
with Josh I really cut myself you see
this she is nasty yo and just like
reached for my hair thing and was behind
my razor fucking reckless dude anyway
ignore the dirty ass room behind us so
today I'm doing that which are really
excited about it's something that I'm
stepping outside of what I normally do
to accomplish it was kind of my idea to
work with Josh on this and you doesn't
find out exactly what's going on with
you before when we release it which
should be later this week and then
tomorrow Jenna and I are going to be
doing a photo shoot together for those
who have ever come to playlist or
Jenna she has these cards with a picture
of her on it with Kermit and wobbles and
she signs them and gives them away and
not only if we not incorporated peach in
any of those but we haven't incorporated
me into any of those so we're gonna be
doing a photo shoot tomorrow
which is like first kind of proper photo
shoot I've ever been involved in so I'm
excited about that that'll be cool and
I'll flog the whole thing so you'll get
to see that whole thing and you get to
see the pictures of an update on my
avatars and everything so that would be
good and then for the rest of this week
it's gonna be just bumping everything up
because Jen and I are going away for the
weekend from our birthday she's taking
me somewhere where we can just kind of
get away and be happy and have a little
birthday trip it's going to be very
low-key just just getting out of the
house because the weekend after is
playlist and we'll be meeting you
wonderful folks who are coming to
playlist and so yeah so we're bumming
everything up we're gonna podcast early
work early video early everything this
week is just a bit nuts
so I wanted to get this far together for
you guys just so you can see me I didn't
like it was very easy for me to not pick
up the camera today
go shoot tonight's thing spend all night
editing it and then forget you know to
have any sort of flaw and in order so I
wanted to put this out there so you guys
could have some sort of update from me
even if it's an echo eat shitty bathroom
vlog I hope you guys will appreciate it
as you can see I got my hair cut earlier
than I plan to because of this photo
shoot tomorrow I want to look my best
with these pictures probably gonna be
around for a bit um well I was just
gonna shut the mirror on you another
thing I wanted to talk about is on the
podcast this week we talked about some
of the old videos I made in like college
and stuff and you guys all found them
like all of them yeah there are total
stalkers and I'm proud of you but also
embarrassed that you've seen that now
there we go there's the video I made in
college about a contest I want and some
older Jitsu competition videos and you
guys everything so fetus Julian is out
there which is funny but I had a good
time on the podcast this week the 100th
episode of the podcast is coming up
which is pretty nuts
I'm excited that's kind of a crazy thing
to me a little more on the shoot tonight
you guys will see this because I'm gonna
tweet
fuck out of it and I'm going to promote
it because I'm gonna be proud of it
because I know it's going to come out
great but basically me and drops was
just teaming up to make a video for him
and it's it's something that I like I've
been involved in video shoots like this
but I've never just taken control and
directed it and everything and I'm
nervous as fuck but I'm also crazy
excited because I feel like this could
be the start of something where I'm
putting my foot in a different part
where I'm like this is really cool and I
can learn a lot and I can do more of it
but I feel like tonight is the first
step where I get to really test it out
I'm trying to just get my head in the
zone for that time because I want to do
a good job want it to be dope you know
it's funny part of this videos inspired
by a lot of the youtubers I watch every
single day like Matthew Santoro he does
a lot of these it is where he just sits
and talks on the camera which I
appreciate and I feel like I don't do
nearly enough of because I'm always
doing things that I'm always doing a
certain style of vlogs but I want to do
this day because I really feel like it's
it's just a chance where I get to kind
of unfiltered Lee talked to you in a
vlog you know I'm not streaming I'm not
tweeting and I'm not going places in the
water just talking to you I gotta get my
house going and I gotta put a bandaid on
there we go
band-aids on all set I got a pack all my
camera gear up which is one of my
favorite things to do because it means I
get to shoot cool shit soon thought so
I'm gonna head out shoot this thing with
Josh and I can't wait to show you guys
what we come up with I'll check back
with you guys tomorrow when we go to the
photo shoot you'll see all of that
it'll be farther it'll be cool the dogs
are gonna be involved it'll be great
thank you guys for watching thank you
for listening and thank you for always
being here for me
I appreciate you guys very much I'll see
you tomorrow lair
