is it time of walk seems like you were
trying to get out of that cage well good
morning and good evening to add that's
about 6:30 in the morning I went to bed
crashed her like midnight 12:30 woke up
at like 5:00 had is on another level
right now like he's been up for a while
he'd been up for a while so he's like
really active and running around yeah
he's just like he won't stop moving but
I wanted to show you guys ad cuz I've
been getting a lot of comments lately
like where's that in the vlogs well he's
right here
the problem with vlogging with that is
sometimes I'll be done with a vlog by
10:00 11:00 12:00 at night and he hasn't
woken up yet he's I wouldn't say lazy
but he's definitely on his own schedule
that's for sure so I wanted to give you
a little bit of an advil AAG while he
was around hey hey calm down oh my god
okay where you going huh where are you
going
do you know that you're not moving
forward I mean you're moving forward in
life but in this specific instance
you're not making any progress do you
know that
I wonder he knows that anyway so today
is uh it's going to be busy I have a
couple of things going on namely I'm
going out in the world to shoot some
cinematics with an internet friend of
mine named Brandon you guys probably
know him as bureaucratic he's one of the
first SoundCloud artists that I've
developed a pretty solid relationship
with you know spanning all the way back
to when I first started kind of
experimenting with I don't know editing
different ways and using different music
on the vlogs and not any other projects
I was doing so well you're going to meet
up hang out and all the while we're
gonna go shoot some stuff for a video
that's gonna come out with a new song of
his so in a couple hours when I'm all
dressed and ready and showered we're
gonna go do that don't mean and just me
and you that's what I say so I mean when
I say we but this is insanely exhausting
when he's active like you have to just
like this boy won't stop this boy won't
stop I'll put him back okay buddy back
are you so much fun to vlog with oh my
god also today my new iPhone comes which
I am very keen for I have printed the
pre signed document and put it on my
door because I know if I don't do that
this motherfuckers are gonna come and go
and I'm not gonna have my iPhone so they
have an option where you can like pre
sign for delivery and you like waive the
right for them to be responsible if it's
like gone off your porch or whatever but
in the past like I've had so much
struggle trying to get my iphone
packaged when it's shipped to me I
remember a couple years ago I hadn't
updated my AT&T address so Apple shipped
it to my parents house and that was like
a whole fun thing I had to deal with so
today hopefully they're gonna drop it
off and I'm gonna have the new iPhone 10
I'm gonna put you back okay I'll go I'll
put you back you go say goodbye to the
vlog okay I'm gonna say goodbye
yeah good night
go right for that wheel boy no I see you
but I see a little but what are you
doing I'm like obsessed with his like
little routines that he has in here
anyway you could probably tell we
rearranged his house oh there he goes
there he goes
hey Sun hey Sun all right he's on the
wheel yeah get going but then we
rearranged his house when we went to
Portugal I had planned on taking like a
little nap down here and then going
upstairs and sleeping more about thing
I'm done sleeping I think it's time to
get ready for the day and then later on
today I'm dealing with this getting a
nice fucking trim well you can't see the
Sun rising but you can see the light
entering today
this is someone who's been in probably a
hundred vlogs and you've never seen his
face Here I am this is Brandon you know
him as bureaucratic it makes all the hot
beats there in the vlogs and we finally
met up naturally at the Burbank Airport
it's like my favorite spot and we're
gonna blow his mind because he's gonna
walk underneath a plane and that's it
he's gonna walk actually a very and very
Indian very we've been actually filming
for a while we went out to Runyon and
then we went to a secret little drone
spot to film some drone stuff I didn't
really talk much about the project but
it's your projects my project and it's
kind of a collaboration of a bunch
different people and do a visual
representation of your song yeah and I'm
responsible for shooting some of it some
yeah pretty cool
that's so crazy I'll never get over that
feeling watching a plane like that
it sucks cuz we got away like 15 20
minutes between planes because sometimes
they're sporadic but today's been heaps
of fun I first of all never go to Runyon
Canyon which is a la hiking spot and we
got some cool shots up there it was it's
just been really nice I'm excited about
this project mainly because I'm gonna
see my shots my work altered and
elevated in ways that I never have seen
them before
I'm currently rendering these clips that
we just shot and I'm excited about this
you
