morning guys a little picnic we came out
into this really kind of beautiful field
and we got some food so we stopped to
the store got a little lunch and then we
came out brought blanket got the drone
got everything at the go I yell and
we're just on location which is really
nice it's actually super peaceful out
here so we're just gonna hang out and
have a little lunch in the middle of the
tall grass like a couple of wild odds
it's really hot so I wanted to show you
something I think I've talked about
these before there are these things
called fat gripz you put them around
weights to make the grip thicker so
you're working your forearms and your
grip strength and I've used these for
years and years because I like them
ahh they sent me a pair of fat gripz
with my name on them so I want to show
you look at that this is it's just so
funny it's like so cool that they did
that but it makes me want to workout I
haven't been doing a lot of lifting
lately up ah but anyway I want to show
you that because I think this is mad
cool one other thing that I want to tell
you is that I flew the drone in the
house today
she's very very interesting especially
for the dogs it almost felt like they
were terrified who am I to say they
can't speak English so good morning guys
I look like a bird a bird anyway I am
just returned home for the morning and
today is a bit crazy I told you
yesterday but today I have an interview
at USC University of Southern California
has I believe a student TV station
called Trojan vision which is very very
similar to what I did in college which I
did something called Chapman news I went
to Chapman University and I was part of
the news team and they reached out a
while ago and wanted to have me on for
an interview so that is today so I have
to run around a little bit like a bird
chicken with my head cut off before I
head over to USC area which is not that
close to us so I have a pretty tight
schedule and I'm really excited I'll
bring you with me um I have no idea what
it's going to be like from what I've
seen it looks pretty straightforward
just kind of like a sit-down interview
and it looks cool I'm excited to do it
you know it's crazy to think that I was
the one interviewing people a couple
years ago and now I'm just the asshole
and the t-shirt getting asked questions
I had loads of fun last night shooting
the video with Jenna and I'm pretty
happy with how it came out honestly it
was her first I think like just normal
sit-down video with a green screen so I
just feel like it looks so nice the
combination of our camera in that room
with the green screen is like we kind of
have a good balance going on by the way
guys whichever one of you sent us
curtains thank you and as Jenna said
yesterday Touche
where do we put them we have so many
choices anyway just one is a good
morning I decided to just continue this
vlog from yesterday because it wasn't a
you know full day of vlogging hi first
of all I have to get fucking dressed and
then I have to get some food in my body
and then I'm gonna run a couple errands
before I go to the University by the way
guys one battery and two batteries I got
a second battery for the drone so that
we're out shooting we don't have to only
have 30 minutes then we have about an
hour of shooting time with this thing PG
what is going on so we were just petting
peachy here we were just giving her some
pets and scratches stopall and she's
yeah I mean aside from the fact that
she's got shit on her she for the first
time doesn't feel like super soft like a
baby she feels like rough a little bit
that like hermit this is
crazy or so right babe she was always
the softest coat little baby and like
this is the first time I felt her where
it feels like not super soft peachy are
you growing up are you being Allah are
you being a young lady now Virginie well
you so mature you still a goof ball ball
that's crazy
cuz it's so significant it feels like
just yesterday right I don't remember
the last time I felt her but it had to
be within the last week where it was
like so soft and it's not your rough why
did hear up why did you get rough she's
changing you're changing so guys are
doing a little organization here I'm
gonna get a shelf for right here that
wall
Ranjith all of my fucking shit that's
everywhere
cameras batteries audio equipment drone
every leg literally everything that's
all over the fucking house it's gonna be
right next to my desk so I'm probably
gonna order the the shelf right now it's
a storage shelf and I needed really bad
I need the storage I need the storage
peachie for real though what is that on
your back wait where did you go
all right I just got all ready and now
I'm off to USC gonna catch an uber it
started raining and I'm really not
trying to drive in that traffic or Park
in the area that I'm going and stuff
really shitty parking so hopping in an
uber in like ten minutes and then going
to be off to USC to do this thing
right so I just thought I gotta the uber
this was the longest new brevet and so
long but I have a couple extra minutes
and I need caffeine so I'm gonna get
Kathy now before I had right over there
it's the Robertson Mecca center of
Digital Arts so grab some caffeine yeah
hi I'm just going ice meat here he's
good your house your ID here house good
yeah took an oversized track
so this is your old student TV services
this is partner from school yeah perhaps
like this have a fun yeah yeah Jim any
questions for us um not really I mean
are we just talking about like stuff
she's gonna do some tests will surely
look at the camera and tehsil she'll say
for the teasers and stuff yeah and then
eventually at 6:30 the show will start
so you guys go live yeah we a lot has
awesome yeah a little bit figment show
with a commercial break in between nice
this morning I slept my alarm
made it to class Julian is here he's
gonna be vlogging for us talking about
vlogging and need me to talk I'm doing
my check
I met a Trojan vision with Laura no rare
hopefully I sound good I'm not used to
doing love miking but uh does sound good
awesome
coming up on see you at USC vlogger and
co-host of the Jenna and Julian podcast
is on the studio's
welcome back to see you at USC I'm your
Thursday night host Lauren J and tonight
I'm very excited to be talking with
Julian sulamita thank you so much for
being here tonight thank you for having
me so we just saw vlog with me you are a
vlogger I am yes was it hard to get into
that routine of I'm gonna do this every
day and post every day there's like a
honeymoon period where you start and
you're like in love with it and it's so
fun and if people are watching that only
makes it cooler and then you start to
like it levels out and you have to be
like okay do I really want to do this
and I you know I really did but I feel
like if you find the balance which I
think I have it can be really nice and
healthy in it I feel like it's worth it
now that's fine so we just finished
Trojan vision Lauren Sean super Pro and
I was a lot of fun thank you so much for
having me for coming out it reminded me
of when I was in college in like a good
way you're a great person to have on
camera and answer all the questions oh
thank you I wouldn't go that far but
thank you we played the whisper
challenge which was a blast
it's gonna be recorded so well you guys
know when it's out
so I'm finish shooting Trojan vision
that was an absolute blast honestly
everyone there was amazing and really
nice and it went well and it reminded me
of when I did news station in college so
very trippy experience but it was
awesome nonetheless so I'm gonna grab an
uber now and head back home because uh I
am far away from my house right now
hello I'm back home with this one my car
man I had a blast doing that
trudge division with Lauren and everyone
there was so nice it was honestly a
special experience because in college I
was in that same room you know not
physically I was at Chapman but I was in
the same room doing the same things
working on the student broadcast and it
was just cool to be brought in like that
look what she just brought me this is
not for you it's not even for you but I
had a great time so thanks to USC in
charge of vision for them by inviting me
that was awesome anyway I'm gonna get
this vlog up for you guys
she thought I was throwing it I'm gonna
get this vlogger for you guys we're
gonna eat dinner
thank you for watching thanks for your
patience ha see you later
you
