Oh
what is up guys happy morning I am on
the little camera because I just went
out to the parking just saw he's happy I
got a groan I can't honestly I can't
believe it
what happened is for weeks and weeks and
weeks I've been talking about how I want
to draw and I've been talking that
everyone I'm talking about like you know
I've been playing with drones friends of
mine drones and it's so fun and I feel
like it could add a lot of cool shit to
my blog and everything I do and being
the most incredible girlfriend there
ever was Jenna took note of me saying
all this so when I got home two nights
ago from Tennessee I walk into the house
and there is a phantom four box waiting
for me so Jenna got me an early birthday
present and now I have a drop I am so
fucking excited all I want to do now is
take it out to fly it's going to come
with me everywhere so prepare for some
amazing looking beautiful aerial shots
right now we're going to head over the
park with the dog right now run around a
little bit not crazy i'll Bloggs words
you just saw that but i'm gonna go do it
now so you're ahead of me you're in the
future today's been a good day I had a
solid training session this morning I
shot edited and uploaded a questions
video that you guys probably have seen
it's on this channel was on it was the
first one I've done in months and months
and months almost a year now yeah so
we're gonna run over to the park where
the dogs get him out and then we're
gonna get back here and we are gonna go
over to Josh and Colleen's place because
it's Josh's birthday today so we're
gonna go celebrate Josh and I think
Rachel's birthday as well then an
amazing couple of days playing with
learning madrone you guys have name
suggestions for the drone placeholder
name is the flying otter but I want
something shorter so let me know what
you got you excited you will depart
yeah they are this thing is so much fun
oh my god it's so cool I told him how
you surprised me and I did it's really
sweet of you
oh hi
I thought we'll have an intimate kiss
all but I guess you've been watching
this whole time huh Jenna was a sneaky
OTT then it's the best present ever this
was so much fun
the dogs love it Oh honestly theythey
really love it it's like really great
exercise for that is there chasing after
it
I studied it's like they're chasing a
car they don't chase cars but if they
did it's like they don't want to
actually catch it they just want to
chase it yeah because then it's the same
you know as a motor like freak smile but
no they were chasing it all up and down
peach loved it
peachy hi Annie you look so happy you're
happy to be she's happy for music oh the
drum was a 4-way gift wasn't it poetry
hi hi guys alright then I'm calling all
the dolls on we're talking about it's
actually safe do a remake of that
history that's what makes you gonna be
real well I heard that one my family's
Filipino there's nobody here
he sounded like a Latino wait that was
you guys yeah
did it slice do you want diet your fight
book down there sly come on yeah golly
crunches hey is it young living hey like
I just look at this like Mississippi
no that's what I was that's where
cameras gonna die look who I get to come
home to we really missed you you miss
daddy yeah well good morning guys I am
up and headed over to Train soon but I
wanted to close the vlog so I can get it
up for you guys and you guys can watch
it with your eyeballs I had a great time
last night today's video day so we gotta
get that video done and then tomorrow is
bit nuts I'm doing a number of different
things tomorrow that's going to keep me
busy so the rest of the week is is uh
it's going to be fun it's gonna be a lot
but um I need to get dressed
you get caffeinated I need to get to
training thank you guys for watching
hopefully you enjoyed the beginning of
the vlog because there's gonna be a lot
more where that came from
have an awesome day guys I will see you
tomorrow
