what's up guys this is not a vlog I'm
gonna answer your questions today I feel
like I don't do this nearly enough so
I'm sorry for that but let's fix that
today and if you guys want I can do
these more regularly but let's get right
into your questions right into them
thank God for Dropbox are you going to
make more 4k creative videos like you
did with night and desert
I actually am in fact I'm doing one this
week from all of the stuff that I've
shot from Tennessee that I didn't show
you in the vlog I really enjoyed
shooting the one in the desert working
with my buddy Brandon or bureaucratic
who made the song for me he's doing it
again and just the whole process of kind
of start to finish creating something
that's external with myself I really
really enjoy that what is your advice
for someone who's just starting out
making videos more specifically maybe
what are some mistakes you've made that
you can help someone avoid that's a good
question
I feel like it's just really important
when you start making videos to zero in
on why you're making videos what about
the video making process feeds you I
tried to constantly remind myself that
vlogging is something I enjoy I think
one of the mistakes I made is losing
sight of why I ever started vlogging
sometimes you get distracted by a number
of things if you can keep your reasons
for ever starting making videos at the
tivity of rain I feel like that helps
you proceed the right way what bear is
best that's a ridiculous question what
is your favorite Jiu Jitsu submission
also do you prefer gear nogi I've been
doing only ki for the last like almost
year I used to do nogi I've been really
really in love with ki lately favourite
submission probably is the baseball bat
choke what's your favorite Bloody Mary
recipe and garnish you know my recipe
kind of varies the biggest advice I
would give you in making a good Bloody
Mary is make sure you have the proper
amount of spice in there and not just
amount of spice but type of spice so
you're not just throwing hot sauce and
pepper in there
you're throwing things that have salt
and spice similar to like a worse sister
sauce or something like that can you
tell us more about the gluten-free Expo
on May 1st
I'm flying in from Austin super-excited
Maddie that is so dope that you're
flying in from Austin I cannot wait to
meet you the CDF Expo is April 30th and
May 1st in Pasadena California and it's
an annual celiac disease convention
where you can get information get free
samples of amazing food you never knew
was gluten free and you can see a lot of
different very interesting people talk
about their experiences and what they
do in the celiac community so I will be
speaking on May 1st at around noon I'm
gonna link all the info in the
description in case you guys want to
come the ticket link is below you buy
your tickets and if you enter the
product code Julian
you get a special ticket that allows you
to come to my meet-and-greet at the expo
but I am crazy excited you guys are
coming I can't wait to meet you did you
cry during the office finale yes before
during and after I cried yes do you ever
argue with Jenna
absolutely I do I feel like every
healthy couple argues a healthy amount
if you're not arguing if you're not
passionate about things and you don't
butt heads I feel like that's that's
more of a red flag but we always end it
with a kiss would you ever consider
dyeing your hair like Josh or Jenna or
Arnold absolutely I was actually talking
about it this weekend I think like a
bright ass red might be really dope I've
never done my hair anything except for
when I was a kid I dyed the tips blonde
fight me about it which would you choose
give up eggs forever and eat sushi every
day or give up sushi forever any eggs
every day you know if you asked me this
question like six months ago I probably
would have said I would give up sushi
for eggs I'm gonna say I would give up
eggs and eat sushi I have honestly
haven't had eggs in like three or four
maybe five weeks as of right now because
the changes that made to my diet sushi I
feel like is gonna be one tough
motherfucker to give up if I ever give
it up when are you going to marry Jenna
and has beautiful human babies you know
this might have been the first time I've
seen this question I don't think you
guys have ever asked that before
we'll get engaged when we get engaged I
feel like our timeline for that kind of
thing is very different than most
people's she and I have talked about it
obviously and I think that the most
important thing for us is the fact that
we really love each other and that we've
chosen each other so we are in it for
the long haul I don't think an
engagement will really change that I
think if we get engaged by the time that
happens it's gonna be a done deal anyway
it'll be more of like a formality and to
address the kids thing having a daughter
or some would be I feel like one of the
most fulfilling things ever from what
I've heard from all my friends and
family that's another thing we're gonna
wait til the time is right and then when
it is we'll do it how long have you been
training jiu-jitsu ah probably combined
like two years who is your favorite
youtuber right now that's a good
question let's look through my sub box I
have been watching a lot of Harley from
Epic Meal Time I watch his vlogs a lot I
really like his blogs my buddy Keaton
who I hung out with and made videos with
recently and watched his videos for a
while he makes some of the coolest like
most interesting and not like run
male tech videos you'll ever find on the
Internet and then you know of course all
of my other friends who I adore and I'm
not mentioning I like watching them too
what were your first impressions of
Jenna just a really cool chick that I
love to spend some time with she struck
me as really nice I just I enjoyed
talking to her so you know I think it
started out simple as that and then the
more hang out with her the more I really
liked her
will you ever produce a full-length film
with your eye and editing skills I think
it would do very well perhaps I feel
like that's why I'm experimenting with
these little short videos think the only
way to really find out if I ever could
do something like that is to just keep
experimenting and turning ideas into
living videos that I can watch and
improve on will you and Jenna ever have
a joint vlog channel I can almost
confidently say we will not I feel like
we do the podcast together when you
twitch together and we help each other
with our own things that ain't broke
don't fix it what was the last picture
you took on your phone by the way my
fiance and I love you you know I first
of all I love when people tell me that
they and their fiance watch me together
I something about that someone said that
in Starbucks when I was in Tennessee
this weekend they said my fiance and I
watch you together I think it's just so
cool it's like I don't ever picture two
different people in a relationship both
watching me so when they do I feel like
that's that's a cool thing that I get to
participate in the bonding of two people
who love each other I'm not gonna show
you the last picture in my phone but it
is a screenshot of my last post Nate's
order which was last night and it says
delivery in 50 minutes and my post mates
driver his name is regional I swear to
God how long does it take to edit your
videos a normal vlog between 1 and 3
YouTube maybe 4 hours depending on how
much not vlog type video I've shot for
the day when it comes to the more
creative things I would say a couple
days like the last night in desert one I
made in the one for Tennessee that I'm
gonna make this week I'd like to have a
couple different rounds of edits because
coming back to a previous rough cut with
a fresh I can really really help how do
you stay motivated to work out and eat
right when you and Jenna have such
different diets and hectic schedules you
have to find something that you enjoy
doing I feel like so many people go to
the gym as a task and they hate it but
they force themselves to do it every day
miserable about it for me it's always
been like I need to find a way to enjoy
being at the gym or training jiu-jitsu
or whatever I'm doing I want to have
something that I enjoy because that way
my body and my mind will just kind of do
the same thing I want to do it and I'm
gonna go do it so find something that
you enjoy doing because that's gonna
make the biggest difference in how
regular you can stay with your routine
which Parks and Rec character do you
most relate to that's a good question I
want to say Adam Scott's character like
basically every conversation he has with
Tom
he's just so trying to be like
reasonable and helpful but for some
reason he's always like weird about it I
feel like I'm easily weird about things
that I'm thinking I'm being normal about
so then then Wyatt tacos or burritos
yes you guys have addressed this before
but I've noticed that Jenna is more and
more encouraging of you to become vegan
do you think you'll make the change
despite how you love eggs and sushi can
she accept your dietary habits first of
all Jenna has always and will always
accept my diet being different than hers
than anyone's diet being different than
hers she is the least judgmental person
you probably will ever meet but you're
absolutely right I have been making the
switch in my diet leaning more and more
towards vegan for about you know two
three months now I feel amazing
I've been eating loads of fruit and
vegetables I haven't had meat in nearly
a month which is a crazy thing for me
cuz I used to eat meat every single day
and ever since I stopped eating it I
feel great I feel fueled I feel
energized you know I don't know if I'll
ever be a hunter isn't vegan because
right now I'm still eating fish and a
tiny bit of dairy like that's that's it
I'm a vegan otherwise Jenna has been
outstandingly helpful with helping me
make changes in my diet that I really
really needed and I feel amazing I
really do I want to see you and Jenna
versus Casey nice that and his wife and
a boosted board piggyback race I would
totally love that
he seems like a super cool guy and from
one of her from Jessie he is Casey let's
do it and I'm absolutely in love with
your time-lapse and vlogs
they definitely catch a lot of people's
attention what gave you the inspiration
to start doing time lapses also are you
considering getting the Phantom for your
videos first half of the question I'm
glad you like the time lapses I feel
like I was experimenting with a number
of different film techniques and time
lapses we're easily the most interesting
to me so I just kept doing those and I
feel like I've learned a lot about
something so simple which is time
since I really just think it comes from
having an interest in it that's why I do
it because it's really cool to me feel
like it's kind of like a snowball effect
you learn a little bit you want to do
more and then you keep learning and you
keep wanting to do it as for the second
part of the question asked Siri what 0/0
is Siri what's 0/0 imagine that you have
zero cookies and you split them evenly
among zero friends how many cookies does
each person get see it doesn't make
sense and Cookie Monster is said that
there are no cookies and you were said
that you have no friends oh my god that
was so mean that went like from really
helpful to like really fucking mean
really fast what size shoe do you wear
11 alright guys well those are all the
questions for this video thank you so
much for you guys who went on my
facebook and asked the questions I chose
Facebook because they sort questions
better than Twitter Twitter questions
can kind of get lost in the timeline and
on Facebook you can like a question and
those go to the top thank you guys for
submitting your questions if you guys
want me to do more of these just let me
know in the comments cuz I absolutely
will if you if you want me to because I
realize it's been a while since we've
done this uh anyway I will be back
tomorrow with another vlog thank you
guys so much for watching I appreciate
it and I will see you guys tomorrow have
a great day
