what of you guys we're in Texas we are
in Texas yes we are surprised we're in
Houston laying over for our flights to
Tennessee why are we going to Tennessee
we're going to surprise Charlie for his
birthday well it's kind of like a three
birthday thing right yeah would you call
it operation judge operation judge what
is so Josh mine and Charlie's birthday
are all within like a month so we
figured we're going to surprise Charlie
the three boys going to Tennessee except
we're in Houston so we're not there yet
we're gonna try to get on our flight in
time and we're going to get into
Tennessee tonight get to the cabin 8:00
I just got a text from Stephanie Oh what
is it she said made it to the cabin and
she sent that picture okay so Charlie
thinks he's getting like a night away
with his wife she is which he is but
after that we're gonna intercept capture
him for the weekend taken to a cabin and
we're going to have like a boy's trip to
Gatlinburg Tennessee so still have a lot
of work ahead of us to pull this off
first step of that work is catching on
exploit right but we're in Houston and I
could not not vlog while I'm in Texas
because you guys know how much I love
Texas
this is our plane to Tennessee we're
going to Knoxville
I think it's tiny so we're getting on
this plane right now this might have
been the smallest plane I was ever on is
anyone even on I think we're gonna be
the only ones this is our private jet
guys private jet
really did like the last ones the board
but I got yelled at for vlogging on the
last flight so who knows what's gonna
happen you I've gotten yelled at every
time from vlogging out and like side
when you get on yeah yeah that woman was
covering her face I was like that's the
back of the camera like the front of the
cameras facing guys this plane is
absolutely tiny Jenna should be she yeah
she's Jenna's Abby she was not here I
know she hates claims like this we got
to get there we have to get this all
right we just landed in Knoxville so we
got about an hour drive to Gatlinburg a
plate was very interesting while
lightning a lot of movement Jenna had
warned me about flying in a Gatlinburg
and she said we were all like that so
we're here we're safe and sound we're
just fucking starving because we all
three of us haven't eaten all day I
don't know what we're honestly don't
really divide to talking fast food but
like we don't want fast food right now I
know
also this airport is like closed like
it's legit no one's here
so we got to get our bag careful number
two guys carousel number two also I kept
losing this cord so I mean my bracelet
so it is the morning now we all got a
quick nap I guess you could say a couple
hours of sleep and now we're up to
continue operation surprise Judd so
we're going down to the rental office
because we've got to take care of a
couple things and then we are going to
go basically ambush him at the place
he's staying and we're going to do our
best to not fuck it up the sky this
morning was just breathtaking so
really excited to be here he has excited
to be here y'all
you know we're gonna go into town and I
get this get this part of your what's
his last name
Jud yeah so we're just trying to figure
out like our plan like hata
so yeah so when he comes down we lady in
the front desk Christian I think she
said her name wasn't it um basically
when he comes to check out she's going
to know to come back here to say hey
guys he's here right now
ambush him this is this is crazy Charlie
I think there's somebody else that wants
to say hey yeah
you're just gonna come tell us to come
out
celebrated hey hey hi as we were in
downtown Gatlinburg right now it's
really loud there's like a little thing
happening try to find a roller coaster
to go on because we need we need a
jumpstart we're sort of beige so we're
with Charlie now we got Judd and Bauer
to see downtown gallon burger joint
from watching
so please
now we're going to the souvenir city
because we all want the same lovely
sweatshirt do you get in Burt do you I
mean alright so in case you can't see we
are in souvenir world wait what is this
place called the souvenir City souvenir
City because we want some Seuss we want
to get our Subhan so it is now Saturday
we had a great lunch and now we're in
souvenir city because we all want to get
matching really goofy souvenir shirts to
add a picture and be tourists but this
place is pretty incredible
I mean it's fucking terrifying and
starts with low G and then tonight I
think we're gonna go see a show but for
now we got to pick out some goofy fuckin
souvenirs and there's a lot to choose
from so we got our work cut out for us
this rack has nothing on it
oh because it oh I'm so funny it's like
all these pictures of like it'd be like
three dudes in the hunting gear and like
one guy and it's always like hate to see
it when I got a sin buy and sell my bull
all right I think I found the shirt I'm
gonna get and I also got Jenny something
so I think well I think we're all good
to go
this is my favorite store we've been in
so far by far I'm getting this straight
up what does that like that oh yeah yeah
I know me that's butterflies
dad's back other dad is over there
drinking game every time Julie does that
Charlie Oh another shot
I'm Gatlinburg so we are we leave we
went to top jump it's like a jump around
play a trampoline place except it was
like children everywhere insanity and
garage how you post kids each era bleep
or fucking psychos but we might come
back there later probably not where we
think we're gonna go grab a couple
drinks because we're gonna go to a show
tonight and we were the history's we're
gonna go to a murder-mystery show and
then we'll head back to the cabin for
the night but we got a couple hours kill
for the show so then go get loaded no no
we're not get loaded we're just have a
drink you know a little drink you just
let me in gallon birthing as you can see
right here we just arrived as a
murder-mystery show and we just got to
take picture with all these guns
hopefully I can get that picture at some
point because I really want it we are
here it's very cool setup it's like so
the whole room is the restaurant but
it's also the set there's no stage just
like we're in the show we're gonna have
to sit the same table as a murderer
because I know Arnold couldn't lead to
go with a high-tension Josh was cooking
Arnold I agree with you look at this
face this is the face of murder yes it
is get away your is Iran table
the answers are clues to solving the
murder then wait till dessert Tom flip
to the back and try to guess who did it
how and why then they'll take them up
and if you're right you could win the
prize packet at the end that's my alarm
anyway good morning guys is our last day
in gallon burg we were packing up
getting out of this cabin our flights
later tonight so we're gonna probably go
explore a little bit then we're going to
ride a roller coaster get some coffee
lunch and then I think we're going to
head over to Knoxville for the last
couple hours of our time here in
Tennessee so I'll take you with me close
you right before we get on the plane fit
as much into this vlog for you as I can
hi I'm tired yeah we didn't sleep much
last night because we had to be out of
the cabin by 10:00 and it's like 9:30 so
we're almost there this trip has been
incredible
a really really fucking awesome
experience to be here but also to hang
out with the boys and just kind of go on
a trip we're going to attack this last
day have some fun get caffeinated and
and then we're heading out and I really
miss Jenna so that'll be nice too so for
our last meal here in Gatlinburg Pigeon
Forge area we are we're going to Apple
barn apple wood Apple barn it's Apple
barn and then there's a restaurant
supposed to be an amazing classic place
so we put on a little list and we're
waiting God man it has been such an
incredible time here I'm so happy I got
to visit this city and this state for
the first time it was a great weekend
we're off to the airport right after
this go home see the girls family and
dogs thank y'all for watching I
appreciate it I have a separate video
coming from this trip you guys will see
that in a bit keep you posted but I'll
see you next vlog
