good morning guys
Jenna likes my sweater fine now does one
scramble sweat mine's really cool
it's a uk-based Jiu Jitsu apparel
company and they have amazing shit this
is scramble also anyway we're running
out to get some supplies for Jenna's
shoot today but before we go I need e I
need to feed myself and I told you guys
I would show you my secret secret
parfait recipe so do you want to help me
shoot that I want to show you right now
this is what it is
alright so you're gonna need some sage
okay I'm spy a Greek 0% yoghurt this is
like this is like the only dairy I'm
having right yeah yeah this is like a
lot of dairy my diet but I'm still using
it because it's a really good yogurt
base cuz it's yogurt then I'm going to
get my freshly cut hand cut by not me
fruit and I usually use like two
integrins of fruit so strawberry
pineapple mango take it over here get a
big-ass bowl cuz we a big guys do
measure this out let's go to 52 that 266
that's fine and then gonna take a cup of
the yogurt all the first time that comes
up real quick one you know it's fresh
when you had nothing to do with the
process of getting it in your kitchen
we're going to estimate like a cop
that's pretty good put the shit away I'm
gonna make a mess
unquote so I'm going to put the fruit in
here and the last thing we do you're
going to put a quarter cup of Bob's Red
Mill granola this is the blueberry
granola fucking bangin so you throw it
on there like that and then and then
we're good to go
for Julian parfait with everything you
need brandy and deliciousness so I'm
gonna mow this down so we can get on
with our day now but I just wanted to
show you so hopefully you enjoyed it and
you can also if you want throw a little
agave in there for sweetener or whatever
else you like but is all I do it so what
do you know we'll get you out that
you're worth someday someday
that's ba ba excuse me well gross was no
hope you eat yogurt I would love to I
can't meet my bean groans Michigan well
I guess this market it's a little here
yo Club look good Kermit the young guys
a lot of you we're asking in the last
bog if I'm still doing the aging risky
for a million subs that I am I have not
touched it since about August so if I
read a million subs you'll see me open
it and taste it it's going to be
delicious
but yeah sitting here still hasn't moved
hell yeah
two days in a row of epic cloud Ã¤j--
so we're on the quest for some fake
blood this is probably something we need
just to have around
hi fake blood so we got sort of fake
blood we couldn't find real fake blogs
we have this like vampire stuff so we're
gonna go to the hardware store next to
get a bunch of appliances you'll see
what I'm talking about is their next
stop you guys know how I feel about this
store they are often quite unhelpful but
we are about to prepare ourselves the
most suspicious-looking cart full of
items right now like just wait we're
gonna fill up our cart with the most
suspicious shit right now I was most
worried about it so yeah this is like
ten times worse and go to store and
buying condoms
do you have to get like a big one you
just get like a small one get them
anyone like this guy cuz it's cute oh
really
cute huh this is a complete it I think
so this is the most auspicious car ever
guys no red flags here this is just for
like how'd it effect yes Rachel says
she's bringing handcuffs - Oh perfect
awesome hopefully they let us check out
what's what's the worst thing the tarp
is enormous
I said I'm wearing less makeup than I
usually do because we're just gonna kill
somebody you never even explained to the
blog what you guys are doing great in
here I'm not finished
we're told you guys what we're actually
doing so Jenna's video today is sort of
funny
dark sketch about these two friends
Jenna and Rachel and what happens is
they're just hanging out and it's all
laid hard it's all things that friends
do and then there's going to be hints of
like they're plotting a murder or really
weird dark shit it's not going to be a
dark video though it's going to be funny
with like random splices a fucked-up
shit that's why we bought all those
supplies the Rope the gasoline tank the
tarp shovel all that stuff so that's the
video I'm really excited because I think
the concept is hilarious so hopefully we
can pull it off and make it funny I
don't know if you guys ever watched a
channel like years and years ago called
magic hugs the channel is called magic
hugs and they did a bunch of sketches
and they were so fucking funny
and they did one sketch I think it's
called friends or best friends and it
was very similar except they had the
undertone of like the dudes just like
being gay and like having sex in the
shower and stuff but they were like
totally normal friends there was hanging
out and then they would slice it in with
little cuts of that I'll try to link the
video below if I can find it but anyway
it's a similar structure and it's got
the potential be very funny so that's
what we're doing today they're getting
ready they're getting their makeup done
we're using the big boy today the big
camera c100 and I will be behind it so
we're gonna get shooting soon are you
guys doing a shovel in the car with you
yeah cause like get that shit on my car
guys so while we're going to buy we just
film the driving portion we only have
like a scene or two left turning out
really funny
wait funny stuff there's like listening
the radio in the car
no our foods still on the way but your
fridge here we're gonna have dinner
break and then finish shooting my back
now it's live it's done it's done all
the blood is washed off girls day it
should accomplish girls day video is
complete I love the title so much this
was a was quite the fun experience
making this video ah but it's getting
late I gotta start from the blog
together guys make sure you go check out
the video it's fucked up it's awesome
because to us
