allow me to introduce myself who knows
when aster Detroit
white pepper techniques is a very clever
arch criminal who must be put away
another
Oh guys I should really leave this roof
before I get arrested but I came out to
the highest place I could find because
the clouds in the sky today are
mind-blowing and they're covering the
whole sky like look around me handle it
amazing this is like my dream I looked
up today I'm sure I got a problem
and I had some time and I was like I
need to go out and find these pods so
unfortunately where we live it's pretty
flat
there's not many tall buildings but I
found a sort of high spot
I really should leave though because I'm
not supposed to be up here especially
with my board
it's a absolute fucking beautiful day
like this to me is something so cool
clouds are some of the most amazing
things in the entire world to me because
you look up and it's 180 degree view of
nothingness the Scott and these giant
formations of water and precipitation
are just like so monstrous like they
when you really look at a big cloud like
it's huge and the way that they move and
more and appear and disappear in flow
it's just awesome it's something that is
really really cool to me I probably
sound like laziest person in the world
but I fucking love clouds so when I get
a good day of clouds or even just a good
couple clouds
let's my mind experience something cool
I gotta some people really are like UFOs
or stargazing is a good example
I just love clouds anyway got a
wonderful start to my day I'm gonna stop
off at a couple places on the way home
because I need to run some errands it's
just gonna be me and the dogs for a
little bit time uh I'm heading over to
Josh's house now I got some editing done
got some work done at home but uh it's
crazy because the clouds are still out
like strata for me like dark you know
when they cover the whole sky it's still
out so I don't know a rain or something
but clouds have not disappeared
not even for like one second today oh
yeah so I'm ever - Josh's see what's
going on probably just kick it for a
little and and then maybe get some food
I'm not sure but yeah it's also like
really cold out too
about the weather I know about the
weather feel like boomers are really
tolerant of my vlogging behavior which
is good
dude look who it is guys back in the
vlog
look at that DSLR he likes my camera I
do like your camera I like the mic on
top makes it me hear what we're trying
to say there's a market I love it it may
take a muppet do you know Muppet Babies
did you watch my foot babies when you
grew up no you were two I would watch
the Muppets
I never watched Muppet baby mother
babies were a thing when I was a kid
Julianne we're at the mall right now we
decided to come to this outdoor mall to
grab a drink cause you know everyone
likes to go to a mall figure I have a
drink we're gonna get some food and some
drinks I want to show them out you know
what you and I have not ever talked
about that Oprah commercial where she
talks about bread and how much she loves
it oh yeah I thought maybe that I'll
talk about anything Oprah she makes me
one have a drink unintentionally Oprah's
obsession with bread she loves bread all
right to a shot of her loving bread
bread for everyone we're gonna go talk
about bread all right so we just sat
down at the bar restaurant near there
near the movie theater and they're like
what time's your movie right we don't we
don't have a movie ticket we're just
here for the food and she was like what
like what is wrong with you guys we're
just like uh what we like to eat and
smell popcorn and she thought we were
like the craziest kinkiest fucking
people like ever she was like if that's
what you're into I'm like what do we
have some whips and chains walking into
here but like granted let's give her the
benefit of the doubt we're in a movie
theater restaurant and we're not seeing
a movie but every single bartender that
I've ever had here said don't eat it in
either restaurants and his complex eat
here the food's way better also I have a
question for you
name one restaurant that has the smell
of fresh popcorn while you eat
restaurant food name one
that's why we're here that's why we're
here lady she's coming up what is what
is it
where was the restaurant it's a
confessional I have a confession I use
that's all you get Josh's confession
let's judge his confession I don't have
any confessions I'm perfect except for
the fact that I'm a kinky motherfucker
who likes to come to the movies to eat
dinner all right
first step since we're a couple of nice
young ladies drinking up late he drinks
these are our chocolate cake shots you
saying these are pretty lady drinks for
pretty ladies yes Cheers
so make sure always when you grab that
lemon but if no see no it's limit last
non-shooter side sugar than than sugar
the main course is Tito's on the rocks
with limes
I love Tito's only because Julian taught
me to like two days I was a smear off
kind of guy and then Julian said but
what if you drank a vodka and stood good
I'll think oh there's a concept until
you have liquor that actually has taste
like from whiskey drinkers when you have
good whiskey it changes your thought
process of how to drink whiskey same
with vodka so when you drink a good
rocket and I'm not saying Tito's just
top-shelf because it's not when you
drink a good vodka
it changes your idea of how you want to
drink that vodka so I always want to
just drink it on there are two a little
bit of line yes yeah main course
I'm just wait she's she's like so uh she
stays under the covers
anyway I just woke up remember that I
didn't take the trash bins out and
today's trash so I ran outside and a kid
put the trash bin out but I got a BT
she's so cute in the morning I'm trying
to get myself back out of bed actually
get ready for the day so I could get go
into training and just be awake again
but it's so comfortable and warm in here
anyway thank you guys for watching love
your goal shoot this video today
you
