what's going on guys good morning I am
just out here I water the plants what
plants you might be asking we planted a
garden like a little mini makeshift
garden over the weekend we went to Home
Depot and started the stuff we've been
talking about it for a while but this is
stuff that we're going to actually use
like to cook so let me show you what we
got going on here so we got parsley dill
oregano and chives oh this is a cilantro
gotta have the kale right there got a
little miniature tomato vine these are
peppers and then we got basil thyme and
rosemary on the end so this is like the
whole garden right here and we're going
to start using this stuff which is
awesome I just want to show you this
because we spent a couple hours this
weekend put it together and we're like
so pumped that we did it it's like it's
really cool you know we water every day
peachy's gonna not eat it right you're
not gonna eat the kale when we're not
looking you better not eat the kale the
kale is not for you the kale is not for
you yellow cone
yeah she's happy cuz it's hot yeah he
said cuz it's hot mm-hmm
anyway I just got back home I ran a
couple errands today got myself a nice
little haircut which feels good because
everyone knows a good haircut makes you
feel good these were supposed to be
hanging and drying not on the floor
we're gonna stream in a bit we're gonna
get on Twitch and stream some games
which I'm pumped about I think replacing
Colombo which is like a really fun
multiplayer game the clouds this morning
were pretty insane I had to run to
training though I was on my way to train
and I look up and I'm like this is like
the most amazing sky of clouds which is
kind of annoying timing because I would
have just like gone and shot them but
instead I had to go train and I'm happy
with my decision because clouds will
come back just had a nice little late
lunch guys I've been eating so much of
this this is literally like my everyday
go to meal right now I get fresh fruit
this is package that sometimes get like
literal fresh fruit and cut it up myself
when I'm lazy I'll get it like that
and then I get Greek yogurt and some
gluten-free granola I'm rocking that
granola right there which is Bob's Red
Mill and I put it in a bowl and I make
myself like a parfait it's the most
delicious thing ever because I mean like
a ton of fruit now and it's just it's
delicious
anyway oh maybe next time I make it I
will actually make it for you guys you
can see how I make it
speaking of granola we revamped our
entire cabinet we got these little
canisters to house all the flowers so
they weren't all over the place and now
everything is organized and beautiful by
the way
those are gluten free I don't know if
you do that but uh since we've been
cooking so much we figured we would have
some organization and it's a lot better
so we did that yesterday and now we're
gonna play some video games for you guys
to watch us translate here today it's
amazing this is what I needed growing up
I would have been the neatest kid in the
world
Trash Can whoo and I made Jenna get it
for us we were leaving Bed Bath and
Beyond I was like I think we're
forgetting something so we got that and
now I'm shooting things into it non-stop
whether it's trash or not it's probably
I mean end up being a trash can just
gonna be my little my little hoop that I
can just get buckets with all day long
well cooking dinner we're cooking some
pilaf tonight with some veggies um your
hair just got in my face is that what
it's like having a guy with a bun all
the time yeah I'm sorry for that I
apologize retro actively I love you too
is that retro actively means anyway I'm
I just chopped up all these mushrooms
yo mushrooms on my lately they
taste so good because they don't like a
great filler for like you know dishes
were hey Wow Kermit Wow they're just
really good at dishes like a lot of
dishes like rice and everything that
we've been eating so mushrooms are dope
so I got those ready to go in and we're
going to mix in the rice the lentils
vegetable stock and we're gonna be
cooking literally we will be cooking but
uh this is gonna be our dinner and I
just figured I'd share just like Jenna's
been sharing the dinner on snapchat
which people really you guys really like
that
more like every single day good
everyone I talked to is like you've been
eating real healthy ha I'm like how the
 do you not like genocide yeah oh
okay
gonna have some delicious food and with
my delicious girl what good marble guau
guau go mama
he's getting so old I'll be you've a
good dinner nothing you have a good hey
he eats like so little and then they
bees eat the rest some other pits oh but
he's good we give him treats what are
you wearing around the neck
oh it's like a like a thing for your
cheese what anyone I as dangerous why is
it dangerous just like one of these
things it's not going to choke you yeah
defined in fashion since five minutes
ago
no when I was a kid I used to wear one
of these are on my neck I really liked
it it Pham I used to wear all kinds of
 all right no no no get some
parsley how do you want me to do this
just just rub a little off it's only for
garnish from this damn er from here yeah
right there
mmm-hmm let's go regardless our dinner
with some fresh grown parsley yeah we
gotta rinse it off though I prefer we
didn't she demanded a Soviet man you
guys look really cute
I was just sitting up here and she kept
like trying to job of it try to kick it
you ain't got to go it work but you
gotta do your work
Tori emergencies what's the fun is good
Fiji is it lit PG my queen over I got my
back
alright the oven hates us Neil
welcome Mary breakfast I'm getting so
excited for dinner
I served rice pilaf with homegrown
parsley let's go in
PG PG Beauty guys are watching the
leftovers and we're hanging out and
we're a go to bed soon why do you leave
me why do you abandonment
why are you she leaves me why does she
leave me
later guys
