all right what's going on guys good
morning so today is kind of a cool thing
going on I am on my way right now to go
meet up with Jesse he's in town and the
cool part is we're not just me enough to
hang out I'm meeting up with him to help
him shoot something very very cool
that's happening in his life so he's
getting a tattoo today and it's in
Hollywood and it's being done by the
famous tattoo artist Kat Von D at high
voltage tattoo I'm meeting him there
right now to help him shoot his Glock
he's obviously trying to vlog this
experience because it's like a really
really kind of special thing he told me
a little bit about it and he asked my
help so that's what I'm doing today
honestly pretty excited because I assume
I'll be meeting Kat Von D so that's kind
of cool she has dumped cats I think
right anyway it'll be really great to
see Jesse regardless because I very
rarely get to see him so he nice to hang
out I will be there in just a bit
and I'll take you guys with
so let's go let's go see Jessie and then
let's go see Kat Von D I'm super excited
for one Kat Von D is the nicest person
in the world I can't lose this you'd
agreed to do this not nervous I'm just
like excited but Ivan attachment since
I'm 19
he just met Kat right now and she's
actually drawing something up for his
tattoo so we're going to see in a couple
minutes but uh yeah it's just going to
get going soon and it's going to be a
big piece on his arm and - it's an angel
representing your mom right that's Kat
Von D Kat Von D
alright so the tattoo is underway we
were here and the other way kept on
being the nicest human being I've ever
met she's super cool and that right
there the sound of Jesse getting tattoos
so I I think this is going to take a
number of hours so we're just shooting
right now getting good shots for Jesse's
vlog because in a special vlog I'm
literally just kind of circling the
table shooting to get cool shots form
and this is really really fun
this place is outstanding like I've
never seen a place like this the
pictures are just unreal we're going to
be going for a little longer and getting
inked
all right so I'm gonna head out I shot a
whole bunch so go on behind me it's
pretty cool and I'm really like pumped
that I got to do this and meet cat
credibly nice so hey guys are ever in
Hollywood even walking by this shop it's
amazing to just look at buddy dude thank
you so much bro common throw yeah can we
see the father
all right I'm leaving a high voltage
tattoo
Jesse's probably got another two hours
at least before he's finished but it
looks like it looks like it's going to
be so sick anyway
headed back to the valley gonna see
what's up for the rest of the day I'm IT
Jesse again later but I'm so much sure
I'm also not sure if the Sun behind me
is really shitty to look at but
hopefully it's not did you miss me yeah
did you miss me you throw a thing when I
left the saying you gotta pretend like
you're gonna touch him you just wanna
pay look at his tail will school new
school yeah oh yeah give me a hug yeah I
know you - I know hello she's like why
does he get the attention you know this
what this book
you
