hi guys what up so today is a special
Sunday upload for you because this is a
video that we shot this week earlier on
and I wanted to upload today because the
video that we're shooting today uploads
today we're shooting a video right here
with the stuff behind me there's Keaton
over there there's Matt and we got a
drone right there and what we're going
to do is we have the new phantom 4 drone
and we are going to try to crash it
because it has object avoidance and
basically we're going to test their
object avoidance feature so they called
the two optimist
so we are going to shoot this and I'm
going to just kind of show you how the
shoot does we are getting the drone set
up right now looks like Keaton
struggling as usual that's the Phantom 4
that's the one we're testing hey with
good guys gear
what motor in for our first test we're
going to try to fly it into a tree we're
in the regular mode so obstacle
avoidance is on I'm going full force
here but it is not letting me fly it in
go I try to fly it again to the tree it
pulls back where we're gonna fly it into
the branches
oh my
so first we tested uh just flying it
right into a tree which didn't work it
pulls up pretty fast no matter how fast
you're going on their own and it will
just kind of stop and back up so we
tried the base of the tree and we try
the tree branches and as you can see
it's it's not doing anything so now what
are we trying next tripod set a few
foxes that will buy you new one always
gonna try to plot okay right at the
tripod if I gotta see the legs yeah
because the tripods like thin so I guess
we're going to try to fly in to drop out
next are you guys I wrecked my tripod is
that what's happening I was like this is
like this is the real test
and the drone and see instead like
boxing yeah like you could miss us
you
what is it doing we just took out the
drone that was right okay it's on
oh no well there goes half our $1
alright so that was fucking insane so we
just crashed the drunk object avoidance
didn't work with the tripod we tried to
have yeah it worked and then you went
past and then went back and it totally
missed it and we chewed up one of the
different propellers so we fucked up
this propeller and this propeller it
legit just didn't even see the dry
bought it was too I think it's too thin
and weird of a shaped object but I mean
it's an object and it didn't avoid it so
that's pretty insane we didn't wreck it
because we have extra propellers so
we'll keep trying on something it was
$40 so sad I tiger from - Brown - I
think this might be my favorite part of
the day so we're gonna try to fly the
drone into keet now because you know
it's he's got to take a sacrifice so
we're gonna sacrifice his body for the
drone hopefully it hits him so now we
replace the propellers keen just
manually because we had backup
propellers so keen manually put on some
new propellers now the target is that I
music say I'm not looking forward to
those guys like say a prayer rest in
peace we're not gonna fly too fast and
it's plastic he's not going to get hurt
but uh this is a little risky and I'm
interested to see what happens I really
think that a human being should
definitely be something that it avoids I
don't know though this is fucking
interesting
ah
dude if you get my head me don't get my
head Jewish I talk
I know
easy
using me depth is me
easy
he knows
you probably coming in from the side
oh my god that felt so scary the fact
that it just really liked one Hickey
Keane's all the way the fuck down
they're getting a sign right now we're
gonna test the time because I would love
to keep flies through the song yeah yeah
yeah a couple of guys trying to cause it
down in the parking yes yeah he's on the
phone who the fuck is he calling right
really one last test is we're going to
try to have that fly in a directly
straight line pretty fast Keens gonna
throw the drone case right in its path
it'd be funny be like a pansy funny keen
be funny come on alright so no but
anyone can pinpoint that thing into like
a tiny box it's bad right oh yeah yeah
oh my god we want it right like
Oh keep it survives that keeps you
covering nobody held its ground
he knows love you Heaton fucking oh my
god the batteries out there goes our job
wait you have that footage I think I
think Matt got it no but I think Matt
got it
Keaton literally just fucking Horrell
that box at the throne and destroyed it
guys obviously you got to go check out
their video I'm gonna put in the
description there's gonna be a I button
up there so I'm pretty sure it's a wrap
right now guys this drone is fairly
wrecked but it was good time and I'm
glad I got to watch this shit go down
because this is time should I like MIT
anyway thank you guys for watching a
special Sunday behind-the-scenes vlog of
Keenan Matt's techsmartt test of the
drone obviously you guys are gonna go
check that out next right right I mean
really right props like we're gonna
start flying again but it's probably
gonna fucking die anyway thanks Roger
you
