come to me come here Petey come she
wants warm blanket
Petey come I have treats over here sit
speak ok good speaking now peach peach I
have a question I just have a question
ok I just would like to know what is
your stance on the new pub G update how
do you feel about where did it go wrong
where is it good what do you think speak
good good she's like I'm already here
fam
what are you just still happy that we're
home yeah when we got back home and they
they just were so happy and they still
are like they're just glued to us cuz
they missed us why I don't know you
wanna chicken noodle soup
me too let's have it speak speak speak
peach speak I think she wants chicken
noodle seem to speak speak
hello Baba what I thought you're going
to go in for me speak good boy good boy
look at the bird's eye view of bapu what
I see
versus what he sees we've been feeding
them all together again
we switched peaches food off of like the
weight loss kibble to like regular food
again except apparently it's not enough
for her because she dug the Qibla yeah
poor Kermit's always hungry man you got
a little Cushing's action
oh we streamed Puggsy last night we'll
probably play again tonight
but
because the new update came out and
we've just been I've been watching
streams and playing that and doing a
whole shit ton of WAAFs cool stuff and
also coming back from Portugal we were
pretty freaking jet lag so I haven't
really picked up the camera yet the
cameras in my hand again and marwah left
and chicken noodle soup is what's for
dinner it's pretty much the thesis here
I've 288 I got 288 extra lines oh my god
let's win some money
if you're like leg buckles then you done
he doesn't he's did a lot of squats
yesterday and now today socks I
literally was walking to the grocery
store like that and I just felt people
looking at me like what is that so Jen
is gonna cook us some chicken noodle
soup I'm gonna sit here and play
hearthstone by the way guys you're
looking at the new hearthstone champion
of the house doesn't he look goddamn
good I know I know
play one day and immediately be
everywhere in my path he woke up the
other morning I looked over at me I woke
my heart out and I was like I've been
begging you for a year it's a playlist
so fun and so he took him an entire day
just beat the computer to be able to to
me a day to become a world champion we
didn't we didn't play last night that
you're happy but I do love hearthstone
now someone who lets hop okay here's the
magic just made a little spice mixture
of all the special spices so there onion
so fresh we're making actually to try
something brand new hot for food I'll
link the recipe it's our chicken noodle
soup I saw it on ice cream this morning
and I had to had to have it what can I
say nothing so the soup is almost done
but we decided who doesn't like some
grilled cheese with their chicken noodle
soup not me said I hey so we're having
grilled cheese with our chicken noodle
soup which will be ready very soon
pretty much as soon as I beat that ass
in hearthstone which I'm doing right now
I said talk about that badass I'm
talking about probably another that ass
I'm regardless I'm beating that ass
alright the chicken noodle soup is ready
we're gonna eat it all and that has been
another episode of Julian walks around
the kitchen and sort of cooks but also
mainly just blabbers on to you but this
is the meal right here we have a
wonderful hopper food chicken noodle
soup and then over here
we have this wonderful cheese gasm you
wanna have a little quick appreciation
right here for the excess of noodles and
the well-seasoned vegan chicken by the
way chicken noodle soup with a ton of
noodles is the only way to eat chicken
it'll suit am i right right I'm right
like what I mean just there's just a
little appreciation star right that's it
okay also because it's way too hot to
eat so I'm just like sitting here
subscribe for more
