good morning Gaza probably put this away
I'm just getting up right now and I am
off to meet a friend of mine for coffee
this morning which will be nice well
because I just don't like meet people
that often kind of in my house a lot I
think I'll meet him for coffee down the
street and after that I'll probably hit
up the gym and stuff but I did have a
special message for you guys and I will
give it to you in this vlog so this
involves the convention I had mentioned
and how you guys can come and meet me
and hang out so I'll talk about that in
a little bit I just want to say good
morning and I'm off probably take the
board all right guys I'm in uh I'm at
the cafe right now my friend to get his
food
wanted to just quickly mention that the
conference is called celiac disease
foundation Expo or something CDF X
hashtag exceed EFX mark its April 30th
of May first and I'm going to be there
on May 1st speaking on the stage and
have Q&A live QA so it's may 1st of the
Pasadena Convention
and if you get your ticket now I'm going
to link it in the description and if you
use Julien as the profits going to get a
special access within the convention to
companies and doing a mean green right
after will you'll be able to do to be
able to have access to the entire Expo
with photo booths raffles free food
everywhere leaving free info everywhere
it's a really awesome environment and
the ticket link is grow up so if you
want to get your tickets with those
tickets on the Parker Julian and we can
hang out it'll be a great time I just
want to let you guys know I'll be
letting you guys go again as it gets
closer I'm really excited
I've been to this convention once before
but it was a long time ago
and let me know in the comments if you
guys are planning on doing that so I can
get ready to meet you guys and if you do
get tickets just make sure you use your
products go to get your special Maine
green tea I am just caffeinated
looking at Ventura Boulevard at this cap
at gonna finish coffee now calm I just
saw a sign for donuts and
are you doing leech good girl so I am
back home now guys and it's currently
Friday so I'm really trying to make sure
I get a vlog up for you guys today
because I really want you to have a nice
Friday filled with me in my life isn't
that nice and so thanks for real we
Jenna and I are going to head out to run
a couple errands in a little bit Wow
yeah we're gonna run some errands but
more like fun errands I think were gonna
go to Home Depot
I mean Home Depot is fun well general
wants to get like a little mini garden
set up to grow some herbs and plants so
we'll probably do that to make a few
other stops but we really just kind of
want to get out of the house today and
explore the world a little bit and then
tonight we'll be podcasting just on that
on the ground lift it out here last
night oh and then tonight we are going
to be binge watching the second half of
the fourth season of house of cards
because I finally caught myself up on
house cards so we are going to watch the
rest of it no spoilers in the comments
but it's been amazing cuz I basically
watched season three in the entirety of
like this and last week so I could watch
for with Jenna and we've started and
it's awesome we're gonna head out soon
and I will definitely check back with
you guys and close up this little video
slow video of my face today before I
head off so you guys can watch it
come on oh stop stop take a you what are
you trying to do why don't you let me do
something to it fave I'm really good
with hair please no it's it's so dry so
hurt do something I'll be easy no I
don't want you to I just braid it really
lightly do it are you gonna go down the
stairs that's a lot of stairs bud oh you
can do it you can do it
what are you doing
you just always buy daddy's side huh I
get you killing it with the pranks today
guys I'm trying to prank you yeah I
wanna I just got the camera it was a
prank the whole time you made my face
hot why cuz I pranked you so hard really
face hot that's I think that's a good
level of prank Ã¤j-- um I want to pray I
don't fucking League maybe if I touch
her but she'll be happy
fuck you tonight
over here don't lie to me
don't you cry bad Miranda don't be cuz
we're gonna leave the house we're gonna
leave the house we're gonna run some
errands but I'm gonna close the vlog
down apologies if the vlog this week
weren't incredibly exciting because we
were doing incredibly exciting things
no forgives you you know what I'll live
with that I'll live with the guilt but
we're gonna go to Home Depot now
important things are happening we need
to go to Home Depot to get green things
but thank you guys for watching have a
great weekend and I'll catch you guys
next week actually I'll catch you on
Sunday special vlog coming Sunday stay
classy San Diego
we're classy are we look look at us yeah
you can't buy this class kid lands class
alright each were your friends hey with
a party yet
