Rachel why did you get these are you our
donut friend get these there so they're
vegan and gluten-free and we already
finished one can we eat it so bad I was
like fuck it is so good
Thank You Rachel yo what up guys alright
so today we shot a whole video me Keaton
in that I helped them with their drone
video and the video I shot was a whole
behind-the-scenes vlog of it which is
going up this weekend
so you guys will see that this weekend
and I can't wait for guys to see it and
their video because it's fucking and
saying the shit we did I want to show
you a quick peek of the aftermath of the
drone right now just to hold you over
but this is the Phantom for the
brand-new DJI drone that we tested I
guess you could say this is what it
looks like
no the camera and propellers are not
supposed to come off so that should give
you a quick idea the shit we did but it
was a blast nonetheless we pretty much
tested the shit out of this drone which
is very interesting cuz it's a brand new
drone I want to show you guys today but
their video is going up Sunday so you
guys will see it Sunday and you'll watch
balls at the same time it's gonna be
awesome
we were just asking for a couple hours
in this park right now shooting tests
after test after test after test
including a test where we tried to fly
the drone into Keaton so you guys will
see all that this weekend on a special
weekend behind the scenes vlog but I had
a blast shooting with them they had
their shit together which was cool
can we fight again like maybe like I
wonder she enough of that song what's up
guys so uh Jenna and I hopped in the car
and we are out on a mission to go to a
fabric store because we're gonna get
real funky with it we're going to a
fabric store to get supplies for Jenna's
special video later on today it's very
special it's very very very special it's
almost a special is that fucking song
that's being overplayed I made it
something it's something but it you know
what I can talk and tell you because
you're gonna have already fuckin seen it
so well we're getting fabric for Jenna
to make stuff with isn't that a special
idea I thought so Jenna actually is like
talented at sewing but she wants to make
a video creating clothing items I'm not
talented you have a sewing machine and
you know how to operate it I think that
means you're talented at selling you
know what's funny is there as a fabric
store a Starbucks and a beauty store all
on the same like block or ever and we go
to that spa every Wednesday we
see this is what happens like we need
one thing we need coffee we go to be sir
we need fabric we go to the star of our
sweater anyway it's all good I'm not
complaining because of extra caffeine in
fabric but yeah so we're going to go
pick up some supplies get home start
plotting out how we're gonna do this and
then we're gonna do this surprise happy
birthday supplies
I like dad jokes what can I say what can
i fuckin say yes good can you make me a
NASCAR pair of underwear are these
doughnuts or Froot Loops make me a denim
scarf get down
denim socks that's what I want look at
how many seams ever I only see fabrics
cut just grab some needles
okay yeah let me go get or morning to
get some you get out of here just so
they need to stop you and get some dry
shampoo so she grabs an entire basket
naughty what the basket this is not a
shampoo fuck it whatever I want to find
a mirror so I can show you guys
something
alright so you know house out in the Sun
today shooting the drone video I check
this out look at that I haven't had a
tan like that
seems like high school college base but
that's a nice little camera preview fine
so this is if you have fairytales that
you're just sick of and you terminate
them by this lifetime your indie you
guys are sick of wet wax you gotta get
this dry wax
let's try and as him so this is called
remove plus and it's literally if you
want to remove anything from anywhere
get this you want to thrush with a laser
beam coming out of it this is the one
for you just kidding alright so I'm
gonna finish with this this is the
section of the beauty supply makeup
store will you get candles why are we
getting candles or the beauty stuff
candles are beauty alright guys so we
have finished shooting and we are onto
editing and I am on to editing the vlog
and getting shit ready for tomorrow but
we successfully turned Jenna into her
elder scrolls character tonight it was
pretty amazing she sewed a bunch of shit
and it turned out fucking hilarious so
it was a fun time shooting but now we we
got to get this done gotta get the edit
finished I forgot to show you guys
yesterday I've got this pencil holder
it's a handmade pencil holder from the
Offerman woodshop Nick Offerman has his
own woodshop I've known about it for a
while but I've never actually bought
anything but they were selling it at the
show last night
so I bought a pencil holder and this is
it's so cool I really love it I needed a
pencil holder for my desk and I feel
like it fits in like really nice but uh
see you guys tomorrow thank you for
watching the vlog as always I hope you
guys enjoyed it a couple things
happening in the next two weeks ish that
that are exciting so I'll vlog all of it
and I'm excited to show you guys what's
going on next all good I hope you guys
have a great day and I will see you
tomorrow if you go from in one-man show
at the Largo and I'm really excited it's
a beautiful venue I've never been here
