so I lied to you guys the last vlog I
signed off said we were going to bed we
ran upstairs got into bed and it turns
out Jenna's really good friend Rachel
not the one with the new puppy a
different Rachel he's in town right now
Jenna never gets to see Rachel when
she's texting Jenna to come out to this
bar in downtown LA so we did it and now
we're out is the same night that I told
you I was going to bed and we're not in
bed so I lied to you but I got to say
this bar is fucking cool it's in the
middle of downtown LA so you have
buildings behind me like crazy
carrying the small camera right now cuz
we're at a bar sometimes I'm not allowed
to come into bars with that but I'm like
I had a feeling it was gonna be a really
cool bar and it is so here I am just
enjoying this pretty cool down side of a
barn now Jenna's for each other and
we're just having a drink having high
Irish whiskey I'm never gonna complain
about you guys know how I feel about
views like that so this is
so we're just gonna kick it now and have
some fun drink some drinks and spend
some time with friends
what is up good evening it is the next
day and I'm sorry I missed you guys all
day labor we had quite a bit to do and
you know what we were pretty tired from
last night which about last night was an
absolute blast I'm so happy we went out
and hung out with Rachel she's truly an
awesome person and I'm really glad I
finally got the meter since Jenna
American friends forever we had a good
time and tonight we are going to a
one-man show by Nick Offerman I actually
don't even know the name of it right now
I got to find out what what it's called
but Nick Offerman Ron Swanson is doing a
one-man show in Hollywood and we're
going with my mom for her birthday Jenna
and I are gonna leave the house soon
we're gonna meet up with my mom my
brother and we're gonna see this show
which I am like crazy pumped about
because my mom got the tickets and we're
all going so it'll be a nice like second
celebration for mom's birthday my mom
has always done the thing where if it's
your birthday you celebrate like the
whole week so we're not making any
exceptions for her I'm really honestly
pumped about it so it should be a good
time right now we were just finishing
getting ready so we can get out the door
and get there in time because we're
going to Hollywood and it's a bit of a
hike tomorrow is when I'm doing the
shoot with Keaton and Matt which I will
show you guys I know I said it's today
but we pushed it back a day yeah I'm
gonna take you guys with me to theater I
don't know how much you'll be able to
see but it should be super dope I mean
I've enjoyed the hell out of Nick
Offerman's acting as long as I've been a
fan of parks and racket I think it's
very very cool that you can see him live
so thanks mom happy birthday all right
we're leaving me my beautiful day we're
leaving one of the show let's go to the
theater miss we're being all fancy
tonight going to dinner hmm
all right we're going now bye
all right so grant the theater right now
we're about to go see the show so I'm
going to get off but we're gonna go see
it go from in we're going show at the
Largo and I'm really excited it's a
beautiful venue I've never been here
Showtime is my mommy
makes me think it Jimmie's us you missed
that huh
yeah so we just got back from the show
and we had a blast it was very very cool
very cool to see and Nick Offerman live
like that talented motherfucker and you
know it was just a cool thing because I
don't know how many more live shows he's
gonna do and so I got to see him what I
was very cool
also he fucking singing bye-bye little
Sebastian did you hear what I said
bye-bye lil Sebastian live so that's
what I did tonight still kind of geeking
out that that happened I like lost my
mind physically mentally emotionally
when that happened so very cool night
good way to celebrate mom's birthday
we're gonna have a little late dinner
because we're fuckin hungry now and
we're home I'm hungry home more
importantly we're hungry and home and
hungry guys it's late and I had to put
the vlog together and get to bed but uh
thank you for watching and I will see
you tomorrow for the next vlog have a
great day
