yeah he does he is he started we like
cast so that was Rachel Jenna's friends
new little puppy his name's Franklin and
she brought him over so we can meet him
and hang out and have the dogs meet him
but he's such a sweet little guy she
rescued him like a couple weeks ago and
he's tiny but uh she's just crazy
excited about him that was Franklin so I
hope you enjoyed meeting Franklin
peachie did you enjoy me breaking yeah
did you enjoy yeah peachy was actually
really sweet which was nice it was nice
of her to you know not be overwhelming
anyway we have quite a bit to do today
we got a stream and I'm leaving tonight
like five o'clock to go meet my mom for
a family dinner because her birthday's
this week so we have a lot to get done
before I have to leave but yeah today
we're streaming the UFC video game UFC 2
which will be fun it's really funky and
fun and goofy so that is what we will be
doing first we're going to caffeinate a
little more and then get going with that
this week for me is going to be pretty
much non-stop which I'm excited about I
never really have weeks that are just
busy all the way through which it's it's
good it's like a challenge for me
because I don't have weeks like that
often tomorrow
I'm doing an entire shoot with Keaton
and Matt I will show you while I'm doing
I will vlog the whole thing I'm really
excited to do with those guys are super
creative and fun so that's what I'm
doing tomorrow Wednesday video day
pretty much standard training in the
morning video day a couple things going
on later in the week which you guys will
all see I'll make sure I'm not to leave
anything out but uh I'm excited because
uh we're gonna kick ass this week you
know I'm saying no I'm saying anyway
we're going to get them get to streaming
soon and then and then hopefully a nice
little workout hmm honey there's honey
lady I just got to our mom's house got
her a birthday bottle and we're gonna
hang out here for a bit before we head
off to dinner but uh here with other
dogs now that lady Skye just left his
jacket Rosales
it's not a good idea
where'd sugar fish but my mommy it's her
birthday this week so we're celebrating
the wonderful sushi and my boy that's
just us - it's just us - no my nobody
else is here nobody have you ever been
family this is a really hard to miss
spot looks like a little closet industry
but we've been here before and we're
gonna have some sushi now I literally
haven't eaten anything all fucking day
Long's
I'm hungry all right hey Brittany dinner
god it's cold we're gonna we just
finished dinner and it was wonderful and
now we're gonna go to the promenade
which is the little strip of like
shopping next door to where we are
because there's a couple shops we're
going to hit up get some stuff but I
might get it like a jacket I'm freezing
like I did not expect it to be this cold
and it is but the sushi was wonderful
and I'm happy and yeah you know head
over do a little shopping sort of and
then probably head back to my mom's for
a little bit Scarlett's really fucking
cool
we stopped really quick and got I got a
jacket but I also got some shoes for my
MA the ultra boost that I got recently
come on over there you like him yeah
okay go perfectly with my pants yeah
you're paying yeah yeah like randomly
but she's never had a pair of these and
they're like super comfortable so
hopefully they're the only eight so my
mom's a size 8 yeah but now we're nice
and warm and comfortable and uh we're
probably going to go it's like randomly
cult why is it cold
has he been cold yeah it got cold so
we'll probably head back now guys I'm
back home and the light is purple or
pink looks pretty dilip anyway um yeah
some water light in here anyway I'm back
home we're gonna get to bed early we're
pretty tired but I had a great day thank
you guys for watching the vlog and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
