good morning guys I am just leaving the
house really quick I had to put up the
vlog just now because I wasn't able to
do that last night we got an early start
going to sleep last night which was
amazing we never get to do that but I'm
out of the house right now because I'm
meeting Josh to help him decide on a
camera he wants me to be there to help
him kind of pick out a good new vlogging
camera for him because he's upgrading
and you guys know how much I like to do
that kind of stuff so we're going to
Best Buy and we are going to hopefully
find something good for him and then I'm
gonna head back home and get going on
Wednesday video Megan magic with
Jennifer guys this might be my next toy
except that would say for I'm kind of in
love with the bird's eye view shots we
got a bus riding on the hill I just
think when it when it's so high there
and it's moving smoothly looking
directly down it's one of the coolest
shots you can achieve so who knows for
now I'll probably just keep meeting up
with Keaton and Matt it's like a mutual
relationship they need help with videos
all I need help with drone shots so
we'll do that for now but if the time
comes and it's right I might be getting
a drone who knows now I feel like we
could do a lot of really cool stuff with
that and stuff that not everyone's doing
either like different stuff which is
cool but um I'm here best by now waiting
for Josh looking at cameras
talking to my camera
oh this is how I vlog and I just like I
have the settings right so I trust that
it's going to look the way I want it to
you know yeah oh yeah we're vlogging now
but yeah so I have a mic you can put you
can't put a mic on this we can put a mic
on the bigger one but that is not a flip
up screen but you trust that you know
the angle yeah cuz I've done it a
million times
you know name is trial and error
something is like when I started
vlogging I didn't have a football screen
I just had to trust the angle of my arm
that's why I used to always say up
angles because it was to capture the
right you know setting in frame and
whatever so
to me oh yeah the jam so this place
sells coffee or something what is it
good
other side
Devi where's princess Jenny it's not the
machine though
this place isn't lit enough to have that
machine
she said it musically this is my
musically I get nauseous watching
musically but they also don't have
anything as lit as this on these ways up
we're getting caffeinated yes
caponata oh yeah I'm gonna scratch me in
the forehead I don't know what you need
you in the eye in a navy and I and
puffed up my ear
just a normal day it's time you come
every time we edit videos for a while
the Iggy's will come into the editing
room and sit on their little bed and
marbles will chill in here by himself
because he's a lone ranger
he likes to just be alone in the right
bud you will arrange her he's a good boy
anyway
we uh as you can tell we're editing the
video and it is going to be done very
soon so Jenna's
almost done working on it and then I'm
trying to watch survivor
so that is dope as fuck so haven't seen
survivor in like two weeks we had dinner
it was like a curried chickpeas over
rice and it was delicious
Marple didn't get any at all yeah it's
okay you didn't know about it though
what you don't know don't hurt you or
whatever yeah he's a good-looking boy
this was smooth Wednesday got the ball
rolling early and we finished early so
that is great but yeah we're just
chilling until Jenna's done and then
gonna watch some survivor and see how it
will be this week because I feel like it
will be pretty lit but I clean the
kitchen and I probably will tidy up this
room a little bit before we watch
marbles pumped about Survivor
you
happy st. Patrick's Day fine get a
little faster with it I wrote on my
chest and I made my protein shake sort
of green
I mean it's green in progress that's
what I like to call it anyway happy st.
Patrick's Day it is a beautiful day it
is March 17th and I hope you're wearing
green I actually don't know why I would
say that because I can't pinch you and
even if I was in proximity to you I
would not pinch you that's really
fucking annoying don't pinch people but
get festive and wear green shit and
drink green things I'm probably gonna
make some green eggs soon yeah that'll
be great but I just wanted to greet you
guys and say happy st. Patrick's Day I'm
gonna move on with my st. Patrick's Day
but I thought I'd get the vlogger for
you guys and throw a little festivity at
the end because it's a special day and I
might even drink a green beer later but
for now it's just the green protein I
mean sort of green I don't know it I
tried but once again I hope you guys
have a great st. Patrick's Day
thank you for watching the vlog and I
will see you tomorrow if you guys are
curious about the green eggs that I'm
going to make check my snapchat Julien
solo I'll see you guys tomorrow
Cheers
you
