oh damn I am sweaty Oh what's up guys so
I am just returned home from I trained
this morning but then I also ran a few
errands I went to pick up two pictures
from the frame store which I will show
you and then I went to get a couple more
mats because we install them last night
I realized we were missing a few so got
a few more and I just spent like 20
minutes deep cleaning them that's just
why I'm still sweating but I want to
show you what we're looking at so it's
basically all matted and we're gonna
replace everything as it was like the
benches the weights everything else but
if we ever want to roll around or yoga
or anything we just remove everything
because now the room is Maddie so check
this out so it's completely knotted I'm
gonna replace all that stuff where it
goes right there we have a magic space
and the floor is not protected from the
waist which I am massively excited about
I've always wanted Macs in my house and
I finally have them and we got these
used and they were wicked cheap so Jenna
will come home and see the room
completely matted and clean so hopefully
she's happy about that I didn't mention
she's getting her hair done today so
she's gonna be gone for a few hours and
she took Kermit so it's just me
peach and marble right now we're just
chilling I wanted to show you what I got
framed today so you all know who h3h3
productions is they've blown quite the
 up in the last couple months but
ELA of h3h3 productions is an artist
and she does incredible work and jenna
is a huge fan of that work so her like a
late Valentine's present I had gotten an
original piece from her and it just got
done getting framed so this is uh this
is what I got Jenna so she'll see this
one
she gets home all framed and ready there
it is so it's no wrapped in plastic and
I still have to figure out where I want
to put it up which is gonna be the
toughest part of this whole process but
that's what I've done today so it's
pretty productive so far you know a good
day sunny out no more clouds in the sky
which it's cool I'm a little bummed I
love those clouds man yesterday had some
really dope clouds but yeah so I am
probably going to shower maybe clean up
a little bit and you know check back
with you guys actually might do some
streaming later too we'll see alright
all fresh and showered feeling good and
clean I haven't eaten anything so I
should definitely eat what should we eat
today maybe a smoothie
I think a smoothie sounds great you know
what's amazing into smooth you guys if
you put frozen banana
it tastes like ice cream when you
 put it in a smoothie it's
amazing so I'm gonna do that right now
I'm making myself hungry refueling time
yo guys so I was just chilling on my
phone and I'm thinking like you know
today's a pretty good day I've gotten
quite a bit done and being productive
and got good energy and caffeinated and
fed and then I look on Twitter cat
Zingano followed me what the it's
so insane to me when professional MMA
fighters namely UFC fighters follow me
on Twitter
it's like crazy but is the
coolest thing ever man so thanks alpha
cat we love you so I was going to go
with Josh to a camera store to help him
look and new cameras Co helping him
figure out which one he wants to get and
both camera stars that we tried today or
that I called do not have the one that
we wanted to look at so we might not do
that today even though I'd wanted to
instead I might take the dog for a walk
and do a little streaming I'll try some
decorating to do with these pictures now
I don't know where to put him so I just
got done with a incredibly fun stream on
Twitch i streamed some fallout by myself
and not only was the group hanging out
like helping me figure out the game I
don't know how else to say it was just
like a really fun stream and
great a under a stopped by my stream and
said what's up I don't even think it was
the real grade but it was I was like I
couldn't believe it
grade a under a is quickly becoming one
of my favorite voices on the Internet
his channel has blown up quite a bit
recently well-deserved but he makes
really dope videos and uh it was cool
that he stopped by the stream if you've
never watched it he should definitely
check it out and then we just got back
from a little walk these guys hadn't
gotten out all day you ain't got no
right he's got a walk but uh really
really fun stream I'm definitely gonna
be streaming more fallout because
quickly begun to learn a lot more about
the game and it's becoming a lot more
fun just right now I finished another
task which was hanging up the art that I
got Jenna so this is what it looks like
looks really nice you can see it's like
on a sweet spot on the walls in the
kitchen and I figured you know we
a lot of time in the kitchen because
we've been cooking every night and I
don't see that changing soon so you know
it's a nice spot some cool Neil arts
anyway I will link her shop below
because she sells prints and originals
but Jenna should be home soon and I have
no clue what color her hair is going to
be which is always an interesting moment
when she gets home from the hairdresser
and I just don't know what to expect but
it's always fun and interesting
somebody's tired from the walk he tired
you gone
I love how wanting your sticks up what
gives peach how are you so cute I'm
showing it Oh take it out I have to take
it out mob with you like mommy's here
yeah I think he likes it anyway this is
it I didn't want to just say she got in
here and then not show you so I can't
put it back though I don't know how I
haven't dealt with hair this long and so
long your hair was never this was so
much good morning guys I did not close
the vlog yesterday we actually went to
bed matter early which is something we
should probably do a lot more but we
don't do that much we just got exhausted
and got some sleep which is good because
we feel great this morning but I am off
to training now I just want to say hello
and thank you guys for watching the vlog
once I get back from training I will put
this vlog together for you to watch but
thanks for hanging out guys then I'll
see you tomorrow
in the next one peace and it's like wait
I've never gotten glasses made the same
day and then I was like I think
technology's improved since you actually
got glasses
