well what is up guys so uh it's Sunday
evening and I'm about to head out but
earlier today I got fucking hack on
Instagram I basically got this email
that looked like it was from Instagram
it was like the most convincing email
ever so they told me that there was like
something wrong or I had violated Terms
of Service and to click to somewhere to
see why anyway I basically clicked on
the wrong thing and they immediately
hacked my account and posted this like
iPhone giveaway or whatever and I like
scrambled for a good 20 minutes to get
it back I got it back I'm safe now but I
have never been hacked and that was not
fun I was not fun so so that just went
down but you know what you live and you
learn I guess but anyway um it's been
kind of like an overcast day so earlier
I went out and shot some some cool stuff
of the clouds because some nice-looking
cumulonimbus clouds going on today and
it was really great out and I love when
it's like that so it was a fun day for
me and then I took Peach on a nice walk
she was a little wild but uh we just
been hanging out and on now I'm gonna go
grab some dinner with Josh and then
we're gonna see a movie we're going to
see 10 Cloverfield Lane which I actually
was excited to see as like a preview I
saw it I was like that's dope and now
apparently it's getting like amazing
reviews so that's what's going on right
now god man I can't even tell you like I
for a second thought I was going to have
all my pictures deleted or something
like that shit's scary dude
but I'm rocking all navy blue right now
navy blues my color man so I got the
navy blue neat dude hat this thermal and
then my navy blue Kix navy blue all my
way to dinner and I had my Instagram
account back so I brought Bloggie with
me I don't have my good camera
the reason I'm able to use vlog is
because in the last vlog ride talked
about how it was like impossible to use
this camera because there was like so
much lint on the inside lens that I
couldn't get
I saw a comment that said to just vacuum
it and so I got the vacuum cleaner I put
it against a lens and I literally just
like sucked down a bunch of wind so you
can kind of see it better which is which
is nice
otherwise they would not be able to use
this little camera we're trying out a
new sushi spot tonight we are we've
never been to this place but it's close
to the movie theater so hopefully it's
delicious because I'm really really
looking forward to substitution it's
been a while
what's up so we are we're off on a
little trip right now to go get Tennyson
glasses we're gonna go jettison glasses
getting it
we're doing it we're going to the store
and we're replacing Jenna's old broken
glasses with new functional ones so
anytime she got her eye exams you got
her contacts now last piece of the
puzzle is new glasses so we're gonna do
that probably grab some coffee too
because some reason we don't feel tap
innately enough what else is new now
we're caffeinated I'm not we got our
groceries set to be delivered later on
so we're going to get our meals in order
for the week and all Monday type stuff
just Monday things is that a tumblr page
just Monday things we really should go
in the grocery store but it's just so
easy and convenient someone drop them
it really is and you know like you paid
a little delivery fee and other than
that it's not like a luxury service 10%
of your grocery yeah so it's like a
postman is what it is yeah cost is 10%
of your groceries so you spend $100 at
the grocery store it's an extra $10 I'm
gonna go to the store pick it up and
drop it off your house just all that
work that you know if it's a very
affordable really nice and I'll go pick
up like one thing for you they'll pick
up a box of look rugs
yeah but you know it's funny actually
right now we're pulling in a lens
crafters which is right next door to the
grocery store and we're still not going
in
but Julian you really is like Larry
glasses nice I think it looks smart so
that is where they make the glasses I
think that's crazy that one called
Factory in here it's exciting it's with
glasses
okay great and then now just a tiny bit
chin down just a little top up of thing
looks great at listing you look great
the measurements so cool yeah lot to
carry what happens and I got a really
nice job guys were the next cuz he likes
Kermit and we get to pick him up today
one scrappers just
Lance Kars is so nice um they uh I doct
was really nice yeah
and Jenna's like wait I've never gotten
grasses made the same day and then I was
like I think technology's improved since
you actually got glasses we're gonna
come back in a little bit with karma to
pick up the glasses and they're dope I
did it guys
hey so we just got we stopped at America
yeah baby cool it's for peach okay so I
was taking Peach on a walk the other day
just her and I wanted her to wear a
sweater because it's cold out and she
literally doesn't fit in any of the
sweaters we have it's like amazing so we
huge we bought our new sweater plus size
shoulders are out of control
yeah and then in addition we also got a
whole bunch of green shit to fuck around
with on the green screen yeah they only
have tank tops and those wristband and
then we're not gonna have wrists the
twitch fam requested that we wear some
green on the stream so we're trying to
oblige you guys the throw yeah guy the
trolls but uh yeah so now we're gonna
run home grab creme it go get you in his
glasses and then and then we we're gonna
work out cook dinner stream all that
stuff okay first of all you look so cute
on your new glasses
second of all we are wearing our green
screen attire and it's gonna look so
fucked
I can't wait to see what it looks like
look how cute you are though oh I love
your glasses
we are wristbands and our shirts we're
just gonna look like head and arms let's
go see what's up
what are you doing oh my office
trafficker ice-t animus dropped Kermit
do that I'm just heading ours
can I go find some other green stuff
real quick and see you build if you want
what the hell that's so funny
you can read the text through my chest
oh my god alright so we're gonna get
this stream going right here and uh have
some fun with it
so ridiculous we just watched the finale
of The Bachelor who's so romantic we
just died laughing the whole time at
Jenna's watching after the rose Jenna
you watching after the Rose it's so
stupid yet we watch it yeah
interesting stuff interesting stuff it
got really late we're really feeling
that loss of an hour from spring for
daylight savings but it's all good
you got these mats for the little
upstairs gym we have because the floor
wasn't doing so well with like weights
and stuff so we got these mats prepare
we just need to install them which
shouldn't be too long we should either
clean it out and put them in but we're
gonna do that tonight and then head off
to bed
but thank you guys for also vlog I
forgot to follow up with a 10
Cloverfield Lane that movie was
incredible so if you have the chance go
see it and also before you go see it
make sure you don't learn anything more
about the movie because I feel like it
was the first movie in a really long
time that I had little to zero idea was
going to happen going into it and it
it's worth it to have that frame of mind
going into it because it's incredible
and the sound design is amazing it's a
great movie one of my favorites in a
while so I definitely give it 10
Cloverfield Lane out of 10 Cloverfield
Lane wow that was bad alright I will see
you guys tomorrow thanks for watching
the vlog later
