you say we're not shooting a movie here
chill anything I had the camera for we
were up in some Hill I don't even know
where we're near Mulholland bell rings
now we're not near Beverly Hills anyway
I'm here with Keaney and Matt and we we
brought the board's up to this massive
hill so we can ride them around because
that's what you're doing these fucking
things you ride them on giant hills and
they brought their drone so look some
cool fucking shot footage worried about
you guys want that footage you don't
have a chance to answer I'll just make
the decision we'll take the footage yeah
so they're boards all like wrecked you
wanna tell me what happened to your
board basically I bought this board used
it was good used first weekend I got it
I wrote it underwater legit underwater
Matt ends up getting all scraped up Matt
showed me on the Bruce I grew a little
beat-up here this is a responsible
booster board honor routing it through
puddles in the rain that was good too I
would literally never even do that
you
all right it's dying my board is fucking
broken I just realized it doesn't take a
charge so this whole time I thought it
was fully charged it was about to die
the whole time and that's really awesome
the drones of my land
yo Matt's a master drone fucking POW
that's crazy
it got so close to me like you're going
down and it was like so close but hey
this was fucking this is fun I just feel
like all of our equipments failing us at
once
look who's taking a trip to the mall
karma you go to the mall you go and buy
yourself only child's just like it used
to be from
it was never used almond Jen I wanted to
go to Sephora so we're going to Sephora
but I was like you know I'm not going to
be the only guy on this trip we need
another guy so we brought one and yeah
we're literally going to the mall Jenner
was on the phone this Fork she placed an
order and they didn't want to give her
her ship so we're going in person to
take it without pain we're gonna stick
up Sephora we're gonna go with it we're
gonna rock you take where everyone nah
but we all will be in and out hopefully
within like 30 minutes no I have a
listen I already tried list they said
they're billing iverson shipping I use
billing address they literally said this
on the phone they were like we need your
billing address and your shipping
address to be the same or else you can't
order from us it's just you it's just in
my account
just order it yeah any well I'm gonna
see how long a collapse in there I might
not even go there
can I go somewhere else yeah probably
good to check we take it in that little
dirt patch all right we're gonna take
Kermit to the doctor now
yeah we just saw a sidekick your doctor
out
he's not a dog he's a human he's inhuman
baby
he just needs chicane he looks a little
dog like he doesn't look like me
I did you what Kermit you haven't put in
Sephora yeah you just see our ladies are
no drips no clumps
Herman what is your sense whereas
chicken by cerumen are you selling you
soon waiting alright so we made it back
home successfully from the mall and this
little one was waiting for me she loves
like we took Kermit and anytime you take
Kermit away from the pack or away from
peach peachy here gives him a nice warm
welcome when he gets home it's really
cute actually
speak of the simnet hello you're very
weird looking I know but for real ah
peach doesn't even really care that
we're home she just wants to see Kermit
she loves Kermit so much it's adorable
you just love you but uh yeah it's hard
not to look Kermit Kermit got a lot of
love at the mall too um anyway Jenny got
some dope stuff
Jenny got this perfume not gonna tell
you which one not cuz I know it's a
secret because when I first started
hanging out with Jenna I first met her
first got a crush on ah that's what she
smelled like and so now she still wears
it and like I don't know I don't know if
you guys have that like this smell
brings back all the feels so so
basically the whole time we've been
dating just for me oh my heart oh by the
way guys my boosted board is not broken
I thought it was like check this out I
charged it and it's got a full charge
now crisis averted because I did not
want to go a couple weeks having to send
it in and get it fixed so it looks like
it's good we're all set
Jenna's gonna play some elder scrolls
and I'm gonna probably probably eat some
dinner
Laura
what do you got there have a little
snack always finds some little tiny way
to be naughty each day and you know what
she's getting a lot better
she's getting a lot better she's
maturing and her energy is better and
she controllers all better and she
doesn't she was much stuff up but she's
got good taste I mean ketchups delicious
fucking love ketchup Jenna's streaming
right now should we go bother her okay
I'll take your advice let's go bother I
know why is it going that vlog you've
been playing for a while I get streamed
on huh it's fun yeah the whole fans here
is it lit lit I come back in the hole
comments I just as daddy yeah is all you
guys think of me you think of me as
daddy it is as soon as you left they go
Julie's gone now we can talk about it
you guys are like girls on a sleepover
yeah we are in the boys girls and boys
on us he's asleep and we talking about
you look Kermit's here yes all right I
just came to check oh yeah hey guys
sorry I didn't forget about you okay
let's eat something let's eat something
we're gonna eat something I respect you
you enjoying the fire I made you
yeah relaxing after a nice little meal
full of ketchup so pretty
a lovely peach alright guys well we're
gonna cook some dinner
and uh oh it's 2200 buck you even
realize how late it was but yeah we're
gonna cook some dinner and kind of wrap
up the night but it's been a really
awesome day I really productive week I
hope you guys have a wonderful weekend
and thank you so much for watching the
vlog I appreciate all of you I'll see
you guys next week for some more of my
life later guys
