like five cops with their guns Ron it's
okay
there's a helicopter circling I don't
know where the guy did like a used-car
lot
he's like puff now
she's like an older dude
great we just walked out of Starbucks
and there
it's a generator camera so I grabbed it
yeah I think it looks like it's over
that's crazy
I was crayon yeah they got he's like
older but it's like a used-car lot
good job having your Augie
now we're going to drink our coffee yeah
Artie stop cuz it's a walk past there to
get your clothes our cars like past
where they're at I had a gun
no like we walked out there we go not
even a hundred yards away so the gun
definitely is like holy shit
so stop right now guess we're going back
to our car now we're getting a lot
closer cops are still here it looks like
whatever's happened is over though they
know each other try to get a good look
here alright so that guy in the red
scarf was cuffed looks like the guy they
were trying to get alright so they took
away one guy that's very weird and we
looked on Twitter I haven't found
anything on it yet so we'll keep looking
it like a shopping bag leaving it on
having a draw guns oh that's so intense
he had like a rifle out yeah we were
just targets our works all day well time
to go make a video now I want to look up
and find apartment that was and Jenna
was complaining that I parked so far
away if we hadn't parked so far we
wouldn't seem that will most well you
know I done missed it
alright I want to try to see what that
was really quick what you got here is
this for you it's the camera when did
you get here yeah no fucking news itis
is tweeting anything yet very weird you
know it's just the gun arrests it looked
like the homeless guy and the guy that
they arrested like on the fly
just true they're fucking rifles cuz two
guys are I didn't see any rice rasaan
you didn't see a rifle I know the dude
was by his car like hiding on the door
with probably a shotgun they took one of
the guys guys I searched venture on
Twitter and on getting his Italian award
show oh hell yes that was probably what
that was for it's definitely correlated
I guess I'll have to wait obviously it's
definitely cool probably have to wait a
couple minutes this here happen but I'll
keep you guys posted alright so we just
made a loop hey me huh we just made a
loop because we saw something really
funny there's a CrossFit over here that
was getting disassembled because
apparently they're closing down and
let's just symbolize at the end of a
sport the end of us will end up CrossFit
cross it Kosta Kosta Kosta Kosta cross
across a bloodbath
it's a sweaty CrossFit bloodbath oh yeah
there's so many people right a new
console I'm sorry it's funny so we are
back at home now and preparing to shoot
the video this week it's quite the
ambitious video honestly we're shooting
a video at the green screen it's our
first time shooting something of this
nature with the green screen hello
mumble so it will be interesting and
kind of there will be a learning curve
and exciting though because the concept
is funny and hopefully we can you know
pull it off but I have to get all the
equipment over by the green screen
because that's where we're going to
shoot first and then we have to shoot a
different spot in the house but kind of
just to give you an idea it's not the
same concept but it's sort of like when
you see like a devil and a angel on
someone's shoulder and they're talking
to him that's the type of thing it's not
exactly that that's just kind of the
general thing we're trying to achieve as
we use a green screen for that I feel
like I feel like we can pull it off it's
pretty simple it's just a matter of you
know doing everything right but that's
what's happening with us we were going
to eat dinner in a little bit because
probably going to get shooting done
first and meanwhile if you're wondering
where all the fiber
these were okay
did you take the empty fiber and be so
funny
okay well that was sort of weird earlier
was crazy when we saw that shit go down
with the cops I've looked a bunch of
times and I couldn't find anything on it
apparently it was just an arrest and
nothing really happened but it looked a
lot worse as you saw there was it looked
like there was a standoff there was
multiple cops with their rifles drawn
but it seemed like they just arrested
the guy and everything ended I just you
know it was like shocking is to walk out
onto the street and see guns drawn like
that so that was pretty nuts but yeah I
haven't found out what it was I looked
everywhere
yeah so that shit's weird I'm gonna
continue setting up this video now and
we're gonna get to shooting soon I won't
forget you guys I'm going to show you
I'm going to show you how it goes when
we try to pull this thing off
I'm downloading a couple things for the
video one of them is like party noise
because the scene is gonna be at like a
party so I'm preparing like an audio
track to have in the background I'm also
getting ready to kind of manipulate
video over the green screen which is
what we're gonna need to do cuz they're
gonna be little people on genna's
shoulders or mini versions of her so
once I have all these things together
we'll be able to shoot and then come in
here and kind of just get going on the
editing I'm not at a party that was just
that was just an audio track did I get
you did you think I was actually at a
party I would never be at a party
what is wrong with me I promise I'm
doing work I promise
sometimes just gonna be fucking child
Illuminati Illuminati guys it's serious
business don't fuck around it's pretty
excited to shoot this video yeah it's
gonna be a fuck yeah so we we just
tested it we had in front of the green
screen and we we did what we wanted and
we can pull it off like the shooting
should be no problem we're cut like on
the green screen where the two knees are
we're cutting them off like at the waist
so it just looks like they're just
coming out of fucking nowhere so we just
finished shooting and we're done so now
we're gonna sit down and really get to
work with editing and see what happens
honestly see just fucking what happens
so wanted to these Bucky as possible I
think it will be I mean at least I was
laughing while we were shooting it was
funny and you know this whole ending is
gonna be interesting but it's really
exciting because we've never done this
before so I'm excited to like at least
have more opportunities of like what's
possible right now yeah for sure we
don't neither of us gonna fuckin animate
like people are like oh just make like
Kermit Marvel's dreams I'll animated on
the greens freely we don't have those
capabilities yeah I mean exciting we're
able to do this much yeah I mean like
obviously we're like self teaching as we
go so this is a big step in a new like
arena of green screen so it's going to
be interesting and I'm excited I've been
excited all day ever since I know we
were doing this so we're gonna attack
this edit right now but I'll probably
just sign off before we start because uh
I don't know when we're gonna be done
for a side dog gonna sign so sign up
don't leave us
that was weird I'm gonna sign off thank
you guys for watching the vlog the goofs
in the gap the goofs and the gaps I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog and I also
hope you go check out Jenna's video
because as you can see it's gonna be dub
and we put a lot of time in it we don't
know that yet I'll see you guys tomorrow
later
