hi it's the evening we're about to eat
dinner right now and I'm just taking on
my camera and what the hell Jenny use
this I mean you the same forever oh oh
not even working so tonight we're having
Paia BAM get fuck I'm not wearing pants
but we're going to eat some pie yeah
because that is what's really just want
to say how you guys didn't want to eat
dinner without charlie yes so going to
have this food and then we might do some
streaming later some bonus streaming
which would be great but it was a good
day I was literally running around today
I was running errands and had to go the
frame store which is excited I'm sure
you would have wanted to see that and
why don't you guess you're right I went
to the tailor but I want to greet you
guys right before we have done and show
you the dinner that we've created
because it's going to look fucking fine
when it's in our bowl it looks so
delicious get excited to second hand
enjoy my meal all right Pham this is the
paia
garnished with a little parsley and
lemon and we're gonna eat this now what
you tell me what as I was saying we had
our food it was really yummy and I'm
wearing pants so the evening is
progressing and then this is over here
with that one and this one and this one
hi buddy mmm Jenna good job
I only just went got her Elder Scrolls
from the other room and now she's saying
put it in the Xbox you know I'm not
gonna do your bidding you done missed it
how can I say no to that
all right fine I just put in your desk
okay no bragging about how the dogs like
you oh okay father did you forget Who I
am
the girl party
no boys enough no boys allowed you hear
that beep getting a little weird in here
I'm gonna go to the other room now and
get a little bit of rocket League look
at my card super stylish I love my card
style it looks like it's from the 80s
yeah I'm gonna get a couple rounds in
and I might stream a little bit I
haven't decided yet
yeah we're just kicking it now dinner
was absolutely incredible I can't even
believe how good that Paia was and
there's Jenna's elderscrolls wow what a
good entrance and exit and entrance
don't shoot such a weirdo we will upon
yours roll of music all right yep by the
way guys I want to show you my new
iphone 7 this is the iPhone 7 plus Pro
this is what it looks like it's that big
just kidding this mini Mophie it's
fuckin badass slew this thing it's like
bigger than my phone it's like the
newest battery they have and I'm always
like running out slash getting my
battery stolen by Jenna so I'm excited
about this one
alright we're streaming on Twitch right
now we're doing some rocket League and
we got a request to vlog the dink fan so
here it is the dink fam has been blogged
so we finished the stream it was a fun
stream I got some rocket League in which
was a good time
and now this is happening she's so cute
the way she just like nozzles herself
yeah we're talking about you you little
goon we're talking about you how are you
so pretty
here she took a nap earlier before I
even start bargain we you know I didn't
sleep well last night and I woke up
early to train and just crash so we took
like an hour nap something like that
then cook dinner and now we're just kind
of hanging out but we're trying our best
to like put ourselves back on the right
sleep schedule anyway just chillin by
the fire with peach not eating fondue
that is not on the meal plan Jen is now
streaming elderscrolls so we're just
kind of having a chill till night after
kind of a crazy day and it was weird
today it was like freezing in the
morning and then all day it was hot as
fuck and then the moment the Sun Goes
Down I was freezing in it very weird
am i freezing I mean like low 50s so
peachy or such a little pretty going
like the prettiest goofy dog and you're
sweet damn that hair is so killing it
because wow guys this last weekend we
spent a lot of time doing work for a
weekend and like yesterday's vlog took
me a while so forgive me if this vlog
Issa is a little less crazy like hello
and she holds my hand like this and then
digs her own face in it to get the pets
and scratches she's so cute and look at
that belly
that's her stomach in her chest what
dude why's your something in your chest
Marvel your stomach's not in your chest
your stomachs in your stomach because
you're fucking normal dude it's my homie
back here just kicking it just taking it
chilling like a villain like a pillow
named marble marble indeed Ã¡rbol any is
not travels Darwin I'm going to drop
that fucking fire ass album soon guys
tomorrow is video day although you're
going to be watching it somebody of it
and I'm going to train in the morning
roll around a bit so see you tomorrow
but I just want to say thanks for
hanging out thanks for watching the
vlogs guys I'm just gonna
she was signed off by letting peach show
you how much she wants attention right
now
all right peachy save I say my lord say
well that's your stomach all right later
guys
