today is Web Summit day and I went to
sleep at like 7:00 p.m. and woke up at
like 5:00 a.m. so we're all over the
place I waited patiently for our
favorite breakfast spot to open up the
bakery calls ours whele and made a trip
over there to get some breakfast
pastries
Jenna's doing her web summit appearance
today while we're heading over there in
just under an hour but we finally have
something to eat
we were like hungry all night it's our
own fault we went to bed early and I
don't know really got hit by the jetlag
but it is our last day here we leave in
the morning and for the most part of
today we'll be at the arena 4 Web Summit
also I kind of feel like Batman walking
through his Factory has all the lights
turn on I walk
although Batman would be less out of
breath
oriane we're inside website we've made
it to and right now we are having a
little espresso with cinnamon stick from
Delta Cafe which is apparently good
Portuguese coffee and we were waiting
for Jenna to get called in about thirty
minutes to go backstage for her main
center stage appearance which is the
first thing she's doing and then we're
gonna come back here for a little while
for like an intermission while we wait
for her second thing so she's doing the
second thing later on we have a little
break in between this is it's definitely
a summit people got a nametags a lot of
business looking individuals
guys a professional environment guys
this is as professional as you guys get
we Houston but not least okay
rubber you up say there's no tiles here
there is
legitimately is it gives me great
pleasure to introduce a conversation
with mark Russell from British blow out
dancing dolls have a good understanding
of who's consuming what I'm putting on
the internet and then you do reach a
point where you're like wait a second I
do not know a hundred people and you
sort of freak out good job
yeah sure a cool thing that just
happened is we got to meet our hardcore
dink femme friend Laura who lives in
Lisbon and a bunch of other awesome
group of you guys and it's just cool
it's cool to come to a new city and meet
a bunch of people from that city now we
have one more thing that Jen is doing
and then we're outie I'm getting hungry
so we are literally gonna eat some food
did I mention that we woke up at like
4:00 a.m. today did I mention that
because we did and I'm incredibly
exhausted but like not exhausted at the
same time
Oh
take breakfast this is what I do before
my fucking comes first let's inspect
good is new
you can just cut something open and
somebody wants to buy it you know maybe
cut it open or maybe to use it whereas
me I are living on being myself so every
time I suggest something to someone it
really I have to make sure I'm not
reaching that level of trust with them
so for one of our last stops in Lisbon
we came to torre de belem tower of belem
and it's this big old castle tower that
I believe used to be served for ships
coming into Lisbon
there are also prisoners housed inside
of it it's incredible looking it's like
it's right before sunset so it's superb
right from where we are and it seems to
be quite the tourist attraction but it's
one of the first images I saw of Lisbon
online before we came here so naturally
we had to come see it a lot of the ubers
we've taken have been really informative
they've like filled us in on a lot of
different history of Lisbon and one of
them was like don't pay to go inside
it's a waste of money it's just ruins
you see about it from outside and there
it is there
we were just talking about how Portugal
feels like one of the most visually
stunning cities that we've ever been so
much of the scenery here is breathtaking
I mean look behind me right now going to
a place is so much history just feels
special almost the spatulas going to eat
dinner which is what we're going to do
now oh that's my ride
sorry sorry he's being so loud dad you
don't have to honk go on a place called
la siesta cocina mexicana
all it is is it
like on the highway
we're gonna order some they call them
fried tortilla chips where I'm from
chips your down face legs
where are we
barking rationale good for this parking
lot as a secret bar atop it no one knows
about
she was in time it's called park bar and
it's a bar a top parking structure no
signage for it anywhere
26 he says it's really most of her life
we're getting pad press it
are you really let's be chasing little
sticks
this is absolutely insane we're the top
of a parking structure right now and
this is a bar
we're drunk enough for it to be like 2
a.m. and 8 p.m. we're done drinking in a
parking lot and she's having to go back
to her hotel
