hey guys we were going up for a little
hike right now we're going up to this
place we've been before but we've never
done this trail and uh it just rained
yesterday so it's super clear and
beautiful out but we got the dogs got
the leashes
oh this one looks cool a little Sunday
hike right Jenna well sunday hike
you can see everything so this is the
new spot and you can probably come up
here at night and not be detected by
some shitty park ranger all right we
should go we can't we also found some
keys we found some keys yeah so check
this out we found these set of keys and
we have no idea what they're for what
could these before did you know there's
so much green up here like all this
green behind me it really doesn't feel
like this is la like I've been up to the
mountains a lot and I don't remember
ever seeing so much like grass and
greenery it's nice it's probably cuz
we're getting a little rain finally when
we flew in Ireland a couple years ago we
met Ireland I just remember seeing so
much green and I miss that I don't want
to go somewhere where there's
actual nature alright so you came back
home and we're gonna leave the dogs here
and go to Bed Bath and Beyond and beyond
and beyond right now we're making a
quick snack though we are doing a little
toast with some lentils tomatoes and
cannellini beans on top chili toasts so
it's like vegan chili place but I got
hungry so we're you became to drop on
the dogs and feed me and then we're
gonna head off to bed bathroom yeah
because we have a couple hours before
they close and we're gonna get some home
things some domestic things all right
you excited about the domestic things
Dom DOM yeah we're gonna get some
kitchen supplies and stuff but I'm gonna
have this snack first I just got so
ravenous hey Jenna all right my lunch is
served
it says Janice but she's eating less
than me so what came straight to the
candle section it smells amazing
boo bonfire I like vanilla evening
bonfire
what about morning bonfire and those are
the sticks that don't they don't work
yes
good morning guys I'm just waking up I
had a late night so I am trying my best
to wake my body up there was a crazy
storm last night it was it was like loud
there was thunder and lightning for like
a couple hours and it woke me up so I
had to like shoot some of it but that
was trippy man we just got hit by a
storm that kind of thing that what
happens here so trippy night getting up
for the day and I'm going actually to
the gym to lift weights slow start I'm
like propping up lens caps underneath
the camera on top of a good otama pop
figure as a tripod professional anyway
guys I returned from the gym got a nice
hot shower in on a really cold kind of
windy day and it was one of those
showers but I just really did not want
to leave but I did I love to shower and
now I'm just putting the vlog together
with this little lady but we have some
things to get done so I'm gonna wrap it
up for you we have to stream and we're
gonna stream a little early today
because we have Rob Dyke coming over Rob
Dyke is in town he's our friend who
lives in Boston and he's gonna come hang
out with us tonight so we need to get
the stream done early I also might run a
few errands if there's time I gotta get
a couple things framed quite exciting
adult things to take care of I also want
to apologize for that last little
sit-down vlog there was no autofocus on
it was Peach's fault anyway I hope you
guys have a wonderful Tuesday thank you
for watching the vlog do you like
there's something I wanted to tell you I
know I'm forgetting what do I want to
tell you that's an email I got an answer
that even a fuck alright thanks for
hanging out I will see you guys tomorrow
for the next vlog have a good one
