we're on the Ethan today I'm not pulling
it off is it is the is it Ethan h3h3
Papa bless look working for me anyway
good morning everyone it's not even cold
out I'm just I just put this on no
reason what huh I am back at the house
we were feeding the dogs just finished a
good training and we are up and Adam I
actually have some really boring adult
type shit to do today a lot of paperwork
tax stuff so that's really fun but I
have to do it I have to do it before
tomorrow because I got a meeting take
care of that stuff but I just wanted to
say good morning and tell you how
excited I am for my day full of awesome
paperwork I did have a blast last night
shooting the video with Jenna and I'm
feeling good today it's a nice day out
it's not too hot not too cold hope you
don't take it personally that I'm using
you to procrastinate doing this work
you're being used right now how does it
feel to be used leave in the comments
but no but seriously if you actually
could leave in the comments below who
out of you thinks that you might be able
to attend the see that convention that I
mentioned in the previous vlog April
30th and May 1st are the dates keep me
posted cuz I just want to gauge how many
of you would be there because we're
thinking of setting up a mean great that
would come with the admission of going
to the convention so let me know I'm
gonna get started on this
you see in anyway it's late there I'm in
the evening we are I'm rocking my
versatile hair again with dinner mr.
Jenner I can't believe you're getting
dressed guys I can do anything I need
envision God yeah I took a nap but now
we're hungry so we're gonna cook some
dinner we're having some vegetable pilaf
which is just a fancy way of saying rice
I don't control the weird fancy better
than new language she does but isn't it
amazing I'm pulling this off right now
guys I'm pulling this look off I think
work work is stuck in her head so much
that she just like jams out to it
without even hearing it it's fucked up
man all right we're gonna cook some
fucking peel off and then probably catch
up on some TV because we finally relaxed
we got a lot of work done now we're just
chillin chillin chillin chillin chillin
here's an onion to kick it
I ain't shy so I asked for the digits at
home no that don't rap video homie hey
hey can I show you something one time I
thought of this as a good technique for
any time you think any time your trash
is overflowing but you need to fit
something else in it you have to show
the technique bit it's very simple and
easy
here's the vegetable rice pilaf and I
threw out an egg for protein and gains
and Jenna are you excited so exciting so
Meatwad Wow
damn it Sam sup friends the night is
very late at this point but we have
nothing early to wake up for it's
towards the end of the week where we've
kind of gotten all our early mornings
out of the way and our workload done for
the week so it feels good to kind of
just like chill out and stay out late
not stress so we're up chilling out
tomorrow I'm going to the mall actually
with Josh I think Jason's coming too you
know we hung out the other night as you
guys have seen you know we weren't any
choice of blogs for a while I think
mainly you know more than anything it
was because we were both really busy and
he was out of town and I was out of town
it was kind of hard but we we've been
hanging out recently I'm psyched to be
hanging out with Josh again so we're
gonna go to the mall tomorrow I mean I'm
not sure I'm gonna vlog tomorrow there's
a problem with this fucking camera okay
this is my little camera okay this is my
first vlog camera ever had some of you
may know it as groggy I don't really
call it that anymore but the problem
foggy is there's crazy amounts of
there's crazy amounts of lint like in
the lens I don't know if you can see
that it's just incredibly frustrating
because there's two layers of the lens
and you can't clean that layer so I'm
sure you saw on a vlog this week where
it was just unbearable to look at so I
normally would take this them all with
me but I'm gonna look into getting this
fixed instead I figured I would just
probably snapchat and stuff
if you don't follow me on snapchat now
I'm Julianne solo right there or you can
snap this snap code right here if you
want to do that which I snapchat all the
time so anything you miss in the vlog
will always catch on my snapchat so I
suggest adding me there because it helps
you stay hanging out with me like all
the time anyway I am gonna finish a blog
tonight hanging you guys for another
awesome week of vlogs I feel like this
was a good week of vlogs a good mix of
stuff and I love how much you guys enjoy
the little bedtime vlog with Marvel's
last night it was a meaningful kind of
videos you who have followed me for a
while you you know kind of like how cool
it is that he's like really loving me
anyway have a great weekend guys be safe
and I will see you guys next week and
I'll see you this weekend all weekend
long
oh snap check also fucking UFC fight
this weekend Conor McGregor I am psyched
out of my mind so I'll be most likely
documenting my reactions to that all
right you guys have an awesome
