all right you guys we're in bed right
now but the last couple nights marble
has been so outrageously affectionate to
me in bed like right when we get into
bed get ready to go to sleep you start
sowing nuts for me like I've never seen
him do it ever even close to that
so I wanted to bring the camera upstairs
to show you guys it's pretty insane so
I'm just laying here I'm going to
pretend I move you off your titties
oh my god he wants you to bet him so bad
Oh nevertheless ever oh what he's doing
miles the losses level I mean he loves
him he's sweet honey but I said to Julie
though I think this is he finally really
loves you like this still love this was
like well yeah welcome to my life you
just fucking wants you to love me so bad
all the time fucking wrong enemy go all
the way
let's see how fast he climbs on my chest
oh my god he's outrageously adorable I
can't even think you're gonna kill him
anymore he finally decided that he's
like you know you just got a different
tone when we're in bed now he's like I
need Julianne time before it was like oh
I'll be going ham it up but yeah now
it's like he stares at Julianne until
Julian falls asleep it's right there
where you just saw just stares edges
yeah no he Lilly does like I'll open my
eyes when I hear something and he's just
sitting there looking at me like it's a
little creepy attacking you though are
you protecting me from you well I can't
even like believe how cute he is now
neck down excited again yeah right fuck
you mean well we'll come down here come
on come here he's pissed at me he's like
no no I wasn't like Daddy all right
he sits like this this is how he watches
you sleep like about this close and he
just stares that you know saying huh
gussy he's doing like what each does it
means little wowie and low pillow
peaches getting up she's gonna ruin eat
I'm together buddy
I love you peachy you better let Marple
have this moment in this Sun about you
all day
Hey hey blondie excuse me miss blondie
your butts in the way of every
teachers like now's my time maybe he'll
pay attention to me teaching he doesn't
want the country he wants to pay
attention enjoy how come he's up my
books okay
oh thank you I love kisses he's so
adorable man that little noise is
probably the cutest thing I've ever
heard
your good boy anyway I just want to show
you guys that because he's like he's
been doing this for like a couple weeks
now right but it's gotten progressively
more and more like loving and intense
that I love it it's different you know
if that's the biggest thing
yeah oh yeah he finally loves me hey we
love you but bounce okay
now this isn't that concern you okay hmm
me and you BAE that's how he falls
asleep yeah this is like if I'm I'm
going to sleep I grape it like it like
right here that's what he'll be doing
and all all like open my eyes and I'll
just see his eyes like this is what I
see when I'm building off and I open
eyes ready this is what I see he just
stares at me hey guys I want to make the
noise I love the noise
keya
oh you for heaven like what are you
doing lady just love here just love
teach where did you come from
he's just like loading into the picture
is something you've nicety how did you
get here let you use worms or way I got
it Sam teach Pham get out of here I'm
having a moment just wormed my way in
here nowhere but peach I pushed you it
all the way with how are you even back
here yes we heard let my philosophy - go
away I love you better go ahead just
look at it like yes oh well sword thank
you
all right see ya bye there or knowing
these is that peach get peachy let him
get over her ass to get the his bear
he's like did no you thirsty you see
them just fight real quick like punched
her alright well that's it I just that's
literally all I wanted to show you
because it's been happening every night
and it's downright adorable and any of
you guys actually is it light actually
changing right now it's a sunset in the
room right Jenna's trying to make them
help each other see you anyway those you
know Marla's personality it's not like
him to do that so it's really special
when he does but that's all see you guys
later
good night say good night I love you
because there's gonna be a lot of
gluten-free fun going on and gluten free
hugs for me and if you want to hug her
too I'm sure so huggy oh yeah she likes
ice all right
