hey good morning guys
I am out in the world right now run some
errands today I got a lot of get done
I'm getting my hair cut and I rock
you grab some caffeine real quick
literally and also I need to get cash we
just wanted to tailor to pick up my
clothes and then I also might stop by
the jeweler that I go to to get Jenna
some of our necklace and rings and stuff
it's challenging or off-again a couple
things to fix it feels so weird to get
cash out of an ATM or something like the
Taylor's the only thing I can think of
that I consistently need actual casual
it's probably because I go to a pretty
old-school tailor but still it just
feels weird
all right hair is done I actually went a
little bit shorter today because my hair
isn't getting in my face a little bit
I'm happy I did that you always have
that good feeling leaving the barber
like a fresh cut you know puts you in a
good mood you look good you feel good
I'm not saying it look good because I do
not anyway I am off to the jeweler now
this is sort of like not close to us so
I'm taking this back way which isn't the
freeway and it normally works out for me
and it's looking pretty good right now
so hopefully I'll be able to get in and
out get these things fixed there's like
a little clasp on the necklace and it's
like broke I'm gonna try to get a
workout in before we stream tonight we
are gonna stream I think life is strange
again which is like a really really
funny weird game I wouldn't say funny
actually it's it's like quirky but it's
like an indie film if an indie film were
a video game that's what it is anyway
it's really entertaining so I think
we're gonna stream that tonight which
I'm looking forward to but first I got
to get this done alright so I'm leaving
Beverly Hills right now I got the pieces
fixed and cleaned I guess two birds I
don't even plan on cleaning that but
they said I should be getting her little
necklaces clean more often and they look
incredible they look way better now all
roads lead back to the beauty store
getting shampoo things Evans would hear
this amazing stuff back here I don't
know what we always get our coffee and
then bring it in the video store
cuz it's right next to each other but
yeah I need a champion through my
shampoo I think I recommend the seen
good stuff today but raw putting on my
haircut for maintenance of hair we went
to the tailor actually for a second time
because I had to come back they weren't
ready and everything's done super
productive day now Jenna and I are gonna
go home eat some food workout together
and then stream just gonna hang on the
BG star for a little bit because that is
what I do for more than often it's just
a hobby of mine long walks in the view
star this is what we come home to what
even are they what species are they
what are you especially you're weird I'm
humble are you doing so just got a nice
workout in and showered I feel
absolutely refreshed and wonderful and
back on track for the week and there's
still music playing in this room from
earlier some of that we are going to
cook some dinner and then we're going to
stream I am pretty hungry now cuz we
just worked out and I haven't really
instance failure so gonna get some food
in us and then play some life is
stranger so I have been looking forward
to my hair is like staying in place and
doing what I say I love it it's so
comfortable I don't know what's for
dinner today I gotta see there I'll let
you guys know I do want to find out a
way to make that sourdough bread man
once I figure that out I want to show
you guys because I've always wanted
sourdough bread
living in the future baby order the
groceries on your tiny little
electronic device and then they show up
at your doorstep some of them show up at
your doorstep the service is not perfect
they sometimes leave things out but I
guess nothing replaces doing it yourself
don't know that's that's not a dirty
thing yuck you so we are cooking basil
pasta the heat and gluten free I'm
chewing on this amazing hot spicy pickle
it's so good there are some goodies
we're getting gone it's gonna be good
it's gonna be a really good real
quick then this is what's for dinner
vegan pesto pasta with some not vegan
turkey sausage on top for real though
Jem's been having me eat more
plant-based cuz it makes me feel so good
that's part of what I'm doing on my diet
and I haven't had meat in seven days
this is my first meeting all week so I'm
proud of that yeah I'm better going on
this alright I guess we're watching
bachelor are you doing he's dreamy
I'm streaming he's a damn girl to me
what up ding fam just say not at all I
want to be done with Warren he's
creeping me out
we're streaming right now we're wrapping
up this dream but cuz it looks like
we're streaming
I gotta get peach I just let her outside
because while we were streaming she came
into the room and just farted hey guys
swear to God beautiful did you fart
did you fire you farted all right we got
to finish this room now so good morning
yes I am headed out of the house right
now I just returned home from training
and showered but I'm leaving the house
right now to go meet with Jillian a good
friend from the celiac disease
foundation because we have to talk about
a convention coming up that I am going
to be going to we're gonna work out all
the details so we know exactly what's
going on basically once we figure I'm
gonna let you guys know because if
you're in Southern California we have an
announcement for you and I will be there
I'm going to talk to her though so we
can figure it all out Julian is the one
who's worked with me on all the sea life
to these things that I've done the both
of the meet ups so I'm excited to go
talk to her and figure this out because
it's a pretty cool thing that I get to
be involved with them like this also
really quick for all you wonderful
people who are telling me so nicely in
the kitchen vlog how dirty our stove was
this is for you Jesus Christ guys give
me a break hi guys I'm at this meeting
right now with Jillian she's here from
CBS you guys remember her she was at all
the meetups that we've done and we're
talking about what is it called cdf
national conference increase that's such
a long name i don't know why you picked
that name but it's a big Expo at at the
end of April April 30th and May first
and I'm gonna be speaking at it and
that's gonna give you guys an
opportunity to come see me speak and
meet me I'm gonna give you all the
details very very soon but we're working
on it
we're working hard we're making sure
it's gonna be dope and awesome for you
guys so Rock those dates off April 30th
May 1st right now if you live in
Southern California
cuz there's gonna be a lot of gluten
free fun going on and gluten free hugs
for me and if you want to hug her too
like sighs all right yeah it's exciting
so get excited all right guys I'm back
home right now and doing a little
editing right now getting some stuff
done I'm heading out for the night to go
meet up with Josh I'm gonna hang out
with Josh tonight which I'm very excited
about I'm trying to finish the vlog up
before I go out so I wanted to wrap it
up with you guys I want to let you know
that I'm very very excited to soon
announce my plans to be at the
gluten-free national expo in Pasadena it
looks like I'm gonna be speaking on May
1st the convention goes from April 30th
to May 1st I'm going to give you guys
details soon but I just wanted to tease
it in case any of you have the
availability to come I would love to
meet you there
plus they do amazing stuff of that
convention there's tons of information
there's tons of snacks free snacks
goodies all that good stuff so I'll talk
to you guys more about that soon but I
wanted to let you know that's happening
I hope you guys have a wonderful day and
I will see you tomorrow later
