hello what's up guys I'm in my kitchen
right now because I'm about to make some
bread I guess for today's vlog I'm gonna
do some cooking changes kitchen I should
put on the apron
hold that thought BAM it's official
we're back in J and JS kitchen alright
guys so today we are going to be making
some gluten-free bread just regular old
gluten-free sandwich bread a lot of
breads you can buy and I normally do but
Jenna suggested I make some bread just
so we have a lot of it and you know it's
fun to make bread you know there's no
reason why with all the technology of
bread making that exists that you co
make your own bread and have delicious
half a much brother everyday I know you
like this and there you go Paige is
gonna sit and judge us and I'm gonna
make dinner so for this recipe you're
gonna need milk or almond milk honey or
agave we can use active dry yeast
all-purpose flour xanthan gum
baking powder salt apple cider vinegar
olive oil and eggs or egg replacements
alright so we're going to measure a cup
and a half of the almond milk warm it
and then we're going to add the honey
and yeast to it four tablespoons of
honey and two tablespoons of dry yeast
we're going to let that mixture sit for
ten minutes but we got to warm the milk
first so we got our milk we'll throw
this in the microwave and get them
warmed up so we're going to take two and
a half teaspoons of yeast and add it to
this mixture works out exactly perfect
and four tablespoons of agave now we're
going to stir that up a little bit and
just let it sit all right so now we're
going to combine all of our dry
ingredients in a small bowl while the e
sets which is three cups of all-purpose
gluten-free flour powdered cars baby you
like that yeah one teaspoon of salt four
teaspoons of baking powder by the way
this little thing the edge in
the baking powder to flatten out your
scoop that's a genius idea I
like that and lastly one and a half
teaspoons of xanthan gum this is going
to make the bread not crumble to pieces
when you crush it see right now I'm
struggling because I don't have that
little flattener I'm just I'm doing
manually I feel like I'm in the snow
because I was there before all right we
got all the dry ingredients done now
it's just important that we like mix
them all together in this bowl to the
dry Bowl nobody drinks alcohol in this
bowl that was such a bad joke all right
so just mix all the dry ingredients so
this is almost done resting but while we
let it have a couple more minutes we are
going to combine all the wet ingredients
in One Bowl which is the eggs olive oil
vinegar and we are going to mix it if
you have an electronic mixer that works
great or you can whisk it so two
teaspoons of apple cider vinegar fourth
a cup of olive oil and then the two eggs
and you're not a real chef until you
crack eggs with one hand that's a lie
that's such a lie I just like to do it
oh it's like a 50% success rate for me
literally half the time I will just drop
well I think I got a good technique if
you do it on a flat surface that works
better well it cracks it right here in
JJ's kitchen this is live we are
reporting live with us from the vegan
with the technique that should be like
your online username now begin with
technique freed up freed up but you
don't specify what kind of to know yeah
you just you're just a versatile vegan
with crazy technique and everything okay
baby
get and now I'm gonna add the
yeast and I'm gonna mix some more this
is a fully mixed as a wet ball and it's
not a real recipe unless it starts
flying out a ball like that means you're
doing the right
cleanup later porn parties that we
whisked it all right so we gonna mix the
wet and the dry ingredients which means
we need a big-ass bowl we also are going
to need to have the electronic mixer mix
that bread up so we're going to change
it from the whisk to actual bread mixer
yeah it'll work we'll figure it out
alright so now we are going to add the
dry ingredients to our wet ingredients
and make our bread mixture I'm actually
going to get in here with my hands real
quick because I feel like it might help
the dough should be thick wet and sticky
at first you just got to keep working it
now we're going to grease up the baking
pan which we're goes I got mine right
here and I'm going to use Pam because
everyone loves chemicals to keep their
chip from sticking to those so I'm
going to spray this pin and then you can
use a spatula to basically empty all of
your bread mix into this and you're
going to smooth it over with the spatula
and then well let's just do that and
then I'll tell you what this is zoomed
in Jenna's rocking the camera right now
thanks fish now I'm gonna unload all the
bread mix in the air code are you gonna
make a word you need I just said I know
that's how I'm doing it I'm unloading it
into the pan cameraman and girlfriend
these twelve basically what you want is
it to be all completely low so you want
it to be flat all the way around and
it's gonna rise key is to not let it
rise above the line of the pan once it
gets to there that's when you're going
to throw it in the oven but right now we
should be preheating the oven at 375
Lilliana the muffin man the guy that
mixes little fresh bread his name is
Julian and works at J&J catch it so once
this is in here we're letting the oven
preheat 375 you don't want it to rise
above the height of the pin rise no I'm
gonna let it shine this little bit of
mine I'm gonna let it shine oh the floor
still because you spray Pam into another
dimension now we can ice rink while we
cook no it's dangerous honey so right
before we throw it in now son you're
gonna want to throw your little
accessories on chocolate chips chips of
glass stuff like that that makes it an
interesting you Nancy don't do that
don't do this
alright fam bread is risen ovens hot
we're going to throw our Suzie peach
we're going to throw our bread in the
oven for 30 to 45 minutes you're going
to keep an eye on it you want an
internal temperature if you're going to
use the thermometer of about 200 to 225
degrees but yeah let's get it going
because I want some bread man
let's do it all right so we took the
bread out of the oven and we just slice
it and it looks beautiful
it's piping hot I actually let it rest
for a couple minutes because that's what
you're supposed to do but it's hot it's
fresh it's soft it's fluffy it looks
really good I'm gonna taste it soon Wow
I'm pumped I'm pumped I did this thank
you for forcing me to do it ahh
next I'm gonna try it I'm gonna put some
butter on it and take a bite for you
guys and let you know how it is and I
want you to know that my next bread
recipe is most likely going to be
sourdough it's a lot more intense but I
love sourdough bread and I haven't had
it since almost 9 years so I'm gonna
take a bite now so let's see how this is
put a little bit of butter cuz I'm a
simple man and butter is all I need on
some toast my mom used to bake bread for
me fresh and this is what that reminds
me of don't judge me on the amount of
butter I put some thyme just gotta go to
town
alright let's taste it so this is just
fresh out of the oven Julian's gluten
free bread
it was so good it's like light and
fluffy but it's not falling apart hell
yeah I'm glad I got a whole loaf anyway
I hope you guys got some out of this
recipe I hope you enjoyed it leave your
comments on what we should do next and
edges kitchen or if you have a recipe
for sourdough bread let me know not be
in this anyway you guys want to cook
this bread follow this recipe let me
know how to send me pictures thanks for
watching changes kitchen we'll see you
guys next time bye guys
