some
what is up guys I just got this in the
mail you what it is it's a brush for my
beard I'm starting to take my facial
hair more seriously because you know
what when you take your facial hair
seriously it looks serious and that's
the goal anyway it is so fucking hot
today I got home from training this
morning and I was like what can't even
open the door it's like we're trying out
like quarantine in a house it's like a
summer day I didn't get like any sleep
last night but I woke up went to
training and I suddenly feel like really
productive and wired I don't know why I
have this piece of equipment that we
bought for the studio or the podcast
room and we don't need it so I think I
might run to the UPS Store to return it
but it's so big these giant stand so
I'll see if I can get that done today
maybe I'll have to do that tomorrow
cuz we're gonna record you in the show
in just a bit but yeah I mean I don't
know I don't know how to explain it like
I'm running on very little sleep but I
feel so like wired and I only had a
little caffeine today so that's a good
thing I'm not going to complain oh look
a wild pay ship here see they're like
pow because it's so hot I had a nap
earlier and I feel so much better when
I'm back in North Hollywood to meet up
with Jason for a drink so
gonna meet him now and have a drink with
him taste it found this beer oh yeah oh
yeah let me tell you guys I've been LA
right now
it tastes like excited okay it's like
whoa something to keep in mind
not many
see her the bartender begging
and then he got it
yeah I said I was like
if you have ganglia that yes we do is
like and enjoy like little depending on
you
always eavesdrop because you never know
what you're gonna find the best beer
has the worst lift by right there
goodbye and then December's about to get
punched for eating
morning guys I am currently driving and
not in the back of a really weird uber
driving over to the area that my doctor
is at which is not super close to me so
I'm going to the doctor's today I got a
check-up appointment so I'm gonna go do
that but first I'm gonna pick my mom up
and now we're gonna grab some coffee so
that is my day today let's go to the
doctor's office hopefully you get some
candy or a little prize after that's
always my favorite part always fuck
that's a dentist damn it
forgot to tell you guys I'm not
caffeinated we're going to get coffee
with my mom so I'm technically going to
get caffeinated but normally I at least
have a little bit of caffeine before I
leave the house so these are these are
kind of treacherous waters here also
what's the deal with Waze making you
take the craziest left turns you've ever
taken you're getting somewhere fast and
you're like oh dope ways is like giving
me a big ass shortcut and then it tells
you to go left on some giant ass
intersection with no light and you're
like well fuck I'm gonna spend 10
minutes trying to do this thanks always
has need caffeine I'm sorry ways.i
alright so fast-forward a bit had a
doctor's appointment and I saw my mom it
was really great hanging out with her um
I love that I get to see her so often
cuz we live really close but I'm headed
back home we got a podcast hey we gotta
do a bunch of other stuff and I got to
get this blog up for you guys so heading
home now back to a dev alley
just finished at the FedEx store ship
that giant ass box
why is there a blockbuster oh it's it's
just a blockbuster sign I was like I
didn't think they opened up the Natural
History Museum right here but it's just
empty so but all right so I'm done with
the package I went to the tailor for
like the fifth time in the last couple
months and now I'm supposed to go to CVS
but it's starting to get like late in
the day which means there's nonsensical
traffic everywhere so what I might do is
I might just go home and do that another
day and or just do it on the boost board
so I can bypass all the traffic because
that is a satisfying feeling just flying
by all the people sitting in traffic of
course safely with the helmet on as you
guys know now I'm hungry from all the
air ending something to eat hello there
we just went for a walk and it's really
like there's like a 45 minute walk and
this vlog is taking me three days to get
up so I'm sorry I was supposed to get it
Oh Jennifer gives me anyway we're in a
podcast right now we normally podcast
earlier but we are caught up with a few
things so we're having the podcast today
which is a Saturday and before we do
that we want to get the dogs out so we
had a nice long walk which was really a
wonderful it's a beautiful day out
we met some other dogs marbles fell in
love with a little dog named Tinkerbell
Tinkerbell was this dog in our
neighborhood on a run I guess is what
you call it just like a like a leash in
the front yard which is on a wire so
they can kind of move around the front
yard without going too far which is
really cool but yeah so I just
rearranged a podcast room before we left
to be a podcast room and not a screening
room and now we're going to get our
streaming on you have a good walk did
you go good ball we're gonna send our
new gaming chairs should I show them we
got our new gaming chairs are so
comfortable
check those bad ones out oh yeah we're
just like every other gamer now because
we have this chair but I mean we got
these because um they are wait like for
sitting on them hours at a time like
they're just made to be sat on
comfortable they're sturdy so between
podcasting streaming and anytime we're
in there we have good chairs now so
we're going to sit in them and do a
podcast right now but I want to get this
vlogger for you guys so I love you guys
thank you for watching have a great rest
of weekend
say goodbye to Jenna see yes
