what is up guys
I am already and it's the evening we
spent a lot of the day doing that
pa box stuff took quite a while you've
probably already seen it by now but I
figured I would start the next vlog
because we are now off see I'm in my big
white clothes I got a nice shirt on got
my pants on my boots on except for those
not buckled we are going to a play so I
have a stepbrother who does acting in
place he actually lives in New York
there's a lot of off-broadway stuff and
he's actually reading lines for a play
today and it's in North Hollywood so
we're gonna go meet my dad my stepmom
and watch him in this reading of a play
I don't really know what your play in a
reading and guess it's just kind of like
a rehearsal type thing or I don't really
know but I'm excited I haven't seen him
in years and it'll be really great to
see him on stage because it's been a
really long time since I've seen him
like actually in a play and Jenna's
getting ready we're gonna go soon but it
should be a fun time and go see some you
know theater I never ever go to see
theory anymore so not that I really used
to a lot I just haven't gone in a while
should be a fun evening I like mixing it
up so that'll be good also it's fun to
go support your family that's what we're
doing tonight we're gonna get back and
we have a couple things we're gonna
probably try to do tonight we are still
working on cleaning all the PIO locks
mess up we have a few things to get done
I also have to finish editing that
monster of a video it's like the longest
video ever but for now we're going to
have a nice evening and head off to the
theatre really quick I want to show you
guys something so this is my iPhone and
this is the charger but check this out
it's magnetic like a macbook charger
crazy right that shit's dope homey
Keaton made the video about this cable
it's on youtube.com slash tech so go
check it out so you can get yourself one
of those it's really dope I feel because
it comes with this like a doctor that
you put in your phone and then if you
have multiple cords like that it just
pops right in like a macbook charger
which is so convenient anyway we gotta
go now
all right so we're in North Hall
now seven parks we found a spot
amazingly and now we're walking to the
theater you psyched
we'll see theater soon as they roam at
this step brother of mine so it'll be
fun
I'll be a good time really good time we
snuck bananas
we snuck yeah
or in the theater lavishing mark yeah
Max is max max my step and play the dog
he's a Courtney you guys don't get
scared so sorry we'll just enjoy it for
you now and I might speak my name
now we just got home and now you so why
go see mommy yeah but you like math but
you PG yes we just saw played by dogs
vodka what is more playable come here
sweetie mmm hey I want to do it again
pick me
okay I'm gonna go see mommy okay
look out Kermit you're in the line of
fire oh my god he's cray yeah coming
you're not that Y of I know I know okay
so we saw this play it was awesome we
really enjoyed it it was was really fun
time and he's great to see my
step-brother on stage he was so funny so
funny he really did well if he saw the
show iCarly
I'm not biased or anything but he did he
did he did
oh gosh now we are the cooking dinner oh
you tease already he is on one yeah Oh
somebody learned how to put on the
brakes
oh they're hungry we should feed them
they got their food right here so we'll
see you now
so what'd you just do what do you still
okay not only did they not finish their
food a peach came over and just dropped
a ping pong ball on her unfinished food
that's a little bratty if you ask me
brat what is going on here god my hair
is all over the place but hey guys it's
the next evening and we are finishing up
here this will fix it
Lego hat we are finishing up Jenna's
Wednesday video it was a lot of fun we
had the dogs eat fruits and vegetables
and now I am going to close the vlog for
you but I wanted to say hello because I
didn't you know talk to you guys since
yesterday
I am currently getting together the
letters to send back to you people
because when you send me return postage
it's a lot easier to respond and read
some of your letters now but I also have
to do some editing a little bit of
cleaning before the night is over but
today has been a pretty solid day I
gotta be honest with you this week is
just kind of nuts between kind of an
overhaul clean of the house we're doing
and honestly I've been doing a lot of
changes in my diet it's tough because
I'm a experimenting with new things that
are affecting my energy level and my
ability to recover from training whether
it's jujitsu or lifting obviously when
you eat a certain way your body recovers
a certain way and when you experiment
with new diets you have to monitor that
stuff so I've been a little low energy
lately but I'm trying to figure it out
I'm trying to gauge you know the right
way to do everything which is it's
always more complicated when you have
other things going on in your life and
you're busy with work and all that stuff
but I can't complain you know I'm
feeling good for the most part I'm happy
giving you a little insight to what's
going on up here look this is where the
dogs are eating fruits and vegetables
there's still like grossed a stains and
cauliflower and I honestly thought this
video was funnier than that Jenna eats a
dog food one just because they're so
weird
they eat like the weirdest thing peach
eats anything that was really enjoyable
video to shoot
this is how you find really weird spots
in mumble but yeah it's uh it's chill
time as you can see at least for them
Jenna's finishing anything I'm gonna
finish these letters but I want to say
good night thank you guys for watching
the vlog and I will see you tomorrow for
another one have a great day
