what is up you guys good morning and
welcome to today's video as I told you
yesterday it is not going to be a vlog
it is going to be an epic hold on an
epic P o box video oh my god this is
falling like 5 times I've put
off and so has Jenna we put off opening
things from the hillocks for quite a few
months now for a number of reasons
namely it's just a lot of to keep
track of and organized and we've just
been trying to get our together so
we can bring all the stuff in and open
it for you so that is women do today I
have my knife and I'm going to be
opening every single one of these things
Jenna might join me for a few but these
are all the things that you've sent us
to our pl box over the last several
months we want to apologize if we
haven't opened it and you sent it a
while ago and you're like what the hell
it will be open now this video might be
pretty long really quick just a note
four four letters handwritten letters we
read them all the time but I figured for
the peel box videos I would keep them
two packages up for your sake if you do
want to send letters and have us right
back if you could just please include a
return postage that will make it much
easier for us all right well I guess
let's just get into this number one okay
this looks fragile this is beautiful up
heel box video yeah this is beautiful I
love you Santa
oh here hi Daddy Jenna Julian paste
Sarah and Marco this is from Cassandra
whoa how did you get up here oh these
are shot glasses it looks like we met at
the gloomy free event in Woodland Hills
Oh Cassandra these are from Mexico don't
ask how I got it
I will not these are young they're from
drug cartels they'll be our drug cartel
chakras outed Cassandra now that I was
gonna be after her I'm not your daddy
wait is it daddy
this is sorry mommy guys this is stay
Cassandra Cassandra however you say it
thank you so much for the shot glasses
this one says it's from mailroom the
world champion paper airplane book this
is dull I think someone's got a new
hobby now the illustration compendium of
amazing animal facts and sweet cravings
gluten-free cookbook is so nice these
books are from Ashley Ashley thank you
so much this is like right up my alley
somehow I don't know how you figure that
out this is so much stuff it might be an
hour yeah it's definitely a feel box
marathon though whoa good otama
oh it's AMA a slow-cooker vegan book get
the out of here I think that one's
for you ladies going straight in the
kitchen thank you so much oh my god
thank you Jeff Jeff Todd thank you so
much Kermit watch out all right this is
almost are picking up packages no no way
I've wanted this for so long
it's a goodie Tama pop figure your pits
poop i legit was gonna get this - you
got any - Hootie Tama pop toys this is
from Mandy that's a sweet note and I
can't even believe this these pop toys
are like exactly what I wanted they'll
be going up in my office probably keep
your gift a surprise unwrap your present
before opening this all right Amazon
sounds good Tommy sorry if I open things
like a saggy
oh these make ice ball no he's make
Death Star icebox Oh Star Wars Death
Star ice balls maker that is crazy you
and Jason
fielding we love making ice balls
Sabrina Rodriguez oh my god it's a Death
Star ice mold that is sick all
right Anthony Anthony drew a hot bus
that is so after dude anthing you
got mad talent look at this hot bus oh
go get the hot bus
there's a mock tutorial school that I
grew Spota min the sign the stop sign
said saying stop it says could you
 not this is really good Anthony
this is dope thank you so much all right
this one doesn't have a name on it but
it's a piece of jewelry for Marc
I'll give it to her I don't know if
she'll appreciate it but thank you for
sending it we got a team operation here
at Jenna's cleaning up as I destroy all
these boxes whoa dog stuff ladies dog
toys this is her I think it's from Megan
Megan sent to pick a book of pictures a
story book and all these dog toys and
treats that's very sweet of you Megan
thank you artwork use a zing you said
you like a whole box okay I like some
candy the food it's abusive and this
really rad bracelet thank you oh
my god Miranda late you sent this to us
Miranda thank you so much these are dope
King Marple Sarah met the Frog and
princess Paige art also you can't forget
to deal with it glasses oh these are
awesome
these are like little dog toys of peach
karma marbles these are awesome wow
these are really well made Thank You
Brianna Jenna look Jenna I have a gift
for you eat a bag of dicks sent
anonymously to us from a friend or enemy
shoutout to the friend or enemy for the
Parks and Rec reference or just the bag
of dicks I don't know it's dick gummies
and then says eat a bag of dicks I'll
give this a Jenna J you want a bag dicks
are these dicks vegan those Kelsey sent
personalized
I think leather collars for the dogs
these are amazing they have their names
like engraved in them
Kelsey these are awesome oh my god Thank
You Kelsey those are so nice
all right this is from Thomas batch or
 and it's watercolor of Jenna and it
looks fantastic thank you
our school drunk art school and then
this is from Stella from a brand called
my boyfriend shirt Thank You Stella this
is yours too Jenna
Julianne marble Kermit and Peach oh they
sent a link with a video so we watch
this video and then open it thanks MJ
that's really sweet they sent a
geometrical pattern coloring book for
adults I love that with cut with
coloring pens thank you so much MJ we
will be sure to watch this video this is
from a company called yo shirt Thank You
Rachel Lopez it's not for us it's for
mocked flower crowns I'll give it to her
thank you so much Rachel forgive this
exciting package from Isabel that's
awesome all right Isabel sent to us dog
candies I love this peach candies I love
people send like literal peach things
cuz you're a peach you're a peach Yahoo
peach oh that was sweet thank you
this is from britannians for you whoa
Rini what'd you get her that's funny
it's the essence of Jenna from Brittany
yeah Rochelle or Rachel there's like
excitement all over it wow this is a
gift bag with a make-your-own poo kit
from Michelle or Rachel thank you so
much and this looks like some music so
thank you from Danielle woo moodstruck
3d fiber lashes I could use these babe
do you like 3d fiber lashes all I'm
keeping them thanks to nail art Danielle
much appreciated this looks like a fun
party game called the list although I
don't know who sent it so thank you
hyperbole and a half Emma sent this to
us with notes in it
Emma's notes alright well I will
definitely hope oh it's like this is
Jenna this is me Bo okay we're gonna
look at this this is awesome thanks Emma
jenna Marbles and it looks like is fun
Chinese Laundry
note that is this shoe
yeah would you get girl kid you got
hooked up Gigi from a company called
chewy sent us little canvas paintings of
each of our dogs that are fantastic
here's marbles here's peach and Kermit
and they're amazing they're like really
really good Thank You Gigi and thanks
chewy it's awesome we're going strong
this one's from Eden oh my god Eden I
love Jim trust that's a great mug and I
will shamelessly drink out of it thank
you got some artwork from our good
friend Maddy this is a pretty sweet
picture of Mok and then our dogs Jenna
Julianne podcast I love this naughty
this is this is creepy really cool Alex
sent it looks like a dog bowl or two dog
bowls so the dogs have extra drinking
and eating bowls thank you so much Alex
Wow Jenna's wearing a Chinese Laundry
that's dough these are so cute aren't
they
this is from Jocelyn this is the genisis
Congrats on your wax figure oh they sent
this little mini easels I could too
this is from Andrew and Andrew is the
CEO and founder of posture master it's
electronic posture corrector it's your
personal coach I'm gonna try this
because as you see right now I'm
punching over like a moron but thank you
holy this is from Norah Robinson
and it's a drawing of pace look at this
this is incredible this is really good
all right we got a package for a Mont
and it's from Aidan has a nice little
banner she probably won't like it
and a flower crown this is actually a
cool color I'm gonna give this to her
thank you so much Aidan whoa it's like a
jenna Marbles Jersey as a
our Bose logo on front and then it has
her name and the number on the back babe
oh that's sick that's pretty
dope Thank You Carly love this this is
Emily sent this and closes Abed toy for
whatever your cermets marbles and Paige
wants it looks like it's hand knit - it
is thank you so much oh I'm gonna go put
it on their bed right now they're gonna
like this it was like texture
yeah that's Sam it's gonna rub his
little ceramic face on it pretty dope
Emily thank you so much we're getting
through it guys we're getting through
we're making a dent I don't think this
is for me but Jen expens book Wow they
should extend I really appreciate this
whoo everybody
it's for everybody Vanessa marbles and
Kermit little outfits
these look knitted - Thank You Vanessa
Kermit's gonna hate it
all right it's just for Jenna and it's
from Amazon Fulfillment fresh
slow-cooker vegan another one got to who
did this I'm screaming they didn't put a
note here guys it's from Amazon so
whoever that was come forward and get
your thank you here
no I told you not to do this and you
still did it
I had like a bet with Sonja Hawks on
Twitter I said if the Broncos won the
Super Bowl
I would wear whatever shirt she wanted
me to so she bought this Bronco shirt
sister did not want you to do with your
mind oh yeah you're a troll but I am a
man of my word and I'm gonna put this on
right now because you guys want oh god
it's a Manning jersey
all right so because this is the world's
longest PLR video the camera just died
in the middle of me doing that but I'm
not wearing Sonja's shirt it's a
Payton Manning shirt and
I hate it but Thank You Sonja Oh y'all
until they said yeah you gotta - Thank
You Sonya we miss you I
the lovely ladies Melanie and Casey and
Girl Scout troop 530 sent us Girl Scout
cookies shout-out to you guys thank you
so much this is from Brenna I'm gonna be
writing back to Brenna thank you hey
whoa
Brenna sent this JJ's kitchen apron
these are sewed up I believe you tweet
at me about this but thank you so much
we will 100% be using these yeah and
then a candle - from Brenna
oh this is doe so someone sent us to
manuscript book with it looks like poems
in it or prose I'm not sure but oh it's
like a diary entry of like multiple days
to us this is so cool cries hey cats
later potatoes okay so this is Ryan with
this phone America little balraj's phone
number right Ryan thank you so much we
were gonna actually look through this
this is really cool a good note and
writing also totally good run yes this
is a gift
enjoy your Julian yellow Blender Bottle
hopefully peach won't eat it Denise
thank you so much that's like I love
thoughtful gifts that you guys watch the
vlogs and you're like oh peach a
Jillian's Blender Bottle so I'm gonna
send him one that I mean it's like I
can't even tell you how cool that is
I legitimately need this so Thank You
Denise wait a minute did I just open two
blender bottles in a row oh and tell
Peachy to stop chewing of your bottles
Amy so literally just opened two shaker
bottles in a row one from denise one
from Amy both with notes about peach
eating them I don't know if you guys are
like together in on this but thank you
you're great
peachy not get me is not for you not for
the targets I guess this is from hungry
hounds we're nervous it actually a
hungry hound er if it's the company
called hungry hound and it's dog food or
treats thanks hungry on this drawing is
from Emily Brian's aka fine lime
portraits
Thank You Emily this is wonderful you
guys are talented you guys are so
talented thank you for sharing your
talent with us via sending us thing
makes us feel good this is from Ashley
Devine oh it says cancer sucks yeah does
cancer yeah give me this this is
what I'm talking about thank you very
much really appreciate this those of you
that saw my friend Maximus six more
glioblastoma which is brain cancer he's
really well still he's awake
picking it up and eating and exercising
and taking care of themselves so thank
you all of you that were asking for an
update on him he's really great all
right this is from Matthew
Sonya can I take this off I'm not
throwing I'm keeping our promise so when
you come hang out or wear it for you Oh
dog stuff oh my god so Matthew sent us
dog stuff like treats but then sent us a
screenshot with commentary of how his
package got refused a bunch of times
before I got to RPO box and it says this
story puts the Oregon Trail to shame so
first of all Matthew I'm sorry that this
was such a hassle
second of all thank you for all this
stuff that's hilarious persistence is
right Jenna this is Sophie Stanley
illustration whoa it's from Sophie
Stanley illustration my god that is so
cool I don't even draw on this is
incredible
you look tennis girl yeah
thanks Sophie we're gonna put all our
potatoes in it along with all the
grocery store now but also lemons mm-hmm
also waiting this is from Jessica a cat
and it's a lot it is a wonderful flower
crown I will relay this to mock
again I can't guarantee she's gonna like
it Jenna got an award from the
University of YouTube from Cassidy yeah
Jenna you graduated where's the ceremony
thank you very much for this this is
made by Courtney Durgin and look at him
this is incredible oh my god
that's so pretty is that marker Wow oh
no looks like marker this is really good
Monica Lineback thank you so much oh I
love this I already have one of these
but I wanted another eggie dad sticker I
love you guys spoiler dog
she's from case Marvel so he gets a
phone case company that's awesome thank
you this is from Samantha Prince cool
little drawings Thank You Samantha
Kyra sent us a cup of really sweet notes
but then she sent us an entire story
called the dogs and it goes through all
these different pages that's so cool wow
this is dope this is like duct tape art
on Instagram it's at crafts bye
Stephanie
it looks like duct tape art that's so
cool thank you Stephanie all right we
just got a few more before we are done
those are dog yeah those are from beady
babies it's a company called beady
babies and it looks like dog necklaces
this is for PPG come look oh oh curling
look at Kermit in there baby Sadie oh
these look so good on her fancy come it
hates it Nancy well look how handsome
with so brick brick sent you like hats
that say Kermit marbles and that's you
boy oh my god ah this is so cool and
they say you a whole bunch of like toys
to build them there's like brims and
stuff this is cool brick brick what a
cool idea alright so I got these from a
place called shop free-radicals candy
sent it to me and I don't know if you
guys know that I use an inhaler but I do
cuz I have asthma but these are some
really really dope pins I'll show you
both this is what they look like it's
pretty sick I love them like I love the
color schemes who would know that like
you can make a puffer pin look so cool
but thank you shop free radicals Sarah
big wood sent us this awesome coloring
book which looks super trippy and cream
thank you Oh Jenna got sent the
Scandinavian company compression socks
could this be from your recent video oh
my god
look it is that's really really funny
neutral level unlocks I'm gonna wear
them on an airplane Chris has sent this
to us and these are utterly perfect
socks really really cute so thank you
this should help with the swelling
that's for sure a company called denim
design
I think denim design sent Jenna some
shirts ah they don't fit me Oh Nicole a
denim dense design denim PR thank you
this is a secret present for Jenna so
she'll be opening it in secrecy and
Kristen steamer our good friend in the
gaming world hit me up on Twitter and
asked if I wanted The Witcher so she got
us the witcher oh Thank You
Kristine and thank all of you people we
did it we got through everything sorry
it took so long for real and if you
didn't get your thing opened it's either
because it's a small package and we're
gonna probably open in private and read
the letters and stuff or it got lost
somehow which I really doubt happen
because I think we got everything
finally in one place this is this is
yeah a good six seven months so thank
you guys again we appreciate everything
like we're overwhelmed by how nice who
you are when you send stuff we're gonna
put all this stuff up and you know add
it to our collection of awesome things
that you guys get it so I hope you
enjoyed this epic long p.o box video
thank you for bearing with me and thank
you for your patience we love you guys
so much it just hurts my heart so much
you guys are really really sweet and
thoughtful yeah look how fancy the wait
you look you guys are awesome thank you
so much and I'll see you guys tomorrow
for a normal blog Wow Wow Peter Ruth
yeah you move your room bye
