good morning guys
happy vlog number 400 actually that's
probably flawed this is the 400th upload
to my channel so this technically is not
the 400th vlog although I don't think
we'll ever know when the 400th log
actually is but anyway happy 400th
upload I am out in the world doing a
couple things I had to pick up a bunch
of different stuff today including dog
food and Bo box stuff I've decided that
since it's been a while that we've
opened and done a peel box video I'm
going to do one big-ass peel box video
it's gonna be a massive P of our self
ending video probably up this week so
thank you guys all for both sending
things in and for your patience I know
we haven't really done it that often but
I appreciate it headed home right now
and we got a stream tonight got a
workout to do happy week and 400 uploads
that's it's pretty dope guys cuz I'm
vlogging and streaming right now
this is not good I gotta put the camera
down yes yes alright
that's good alright we're vlogging and
we're streaming at the same time the
family on to say hi so here are the
comments you guys are on the vlog
alright anyway we're vlogging and
streaming right now we got the monday
stream going later on this is just a pre
rocket league stream so say hi that's
what we're doing alright alright guys a
good pre stream stream with rocket
League which is a lot of fun had a lot
of people hanging out it was working
well it was great so now Jenna and I are
gonna have a little homework out
upstairs right
gonna do a little homework out together
and then eat some dinner and get our
stream ready for it tonight alright it's
time to make there on the smoker so
gotta get equipped and ready alright so
the chicken is down on the smoker I'm
excited to try out this Cajun rub
tonight though from trigger it should be
really good all the ribs are good but
have never tried the occasion one so
hopefully it's delicious
so we just had a solid workout I've been
doing workouts with Jenna cuz she's on
this program and she includes me in her
workouts and it's a lot of fun to do it
together so feel good you know started
the week off with some decent training
and then tomorrow back at it in the
morning with my regular scheduled
training all right this is my chicken
and snow he stood by for the night
there's just a little bit of rice in
this mostly vegetables and chicken but
it looks delicious and this wok is
amazing it makes everything taste
authentic and incredible so Jenny you
wanna show them your falafel a beginning
falafel which is incredible it's a lot
wrap it but not my problem so we just
had any wonderful stream on Twitch it
was it was lit it was like it was over
tank over two hours long but we had one
of our viewers was death and so Jenna
busted out her ASL knowledge and killed
it with some sign we signed a little bit
I got I got a whole special app one of
them's free and Lyle from America's Next
Top Model
which we love Wow miles don't laughs but
so we learned a couple things and she
was signing the whole time while I was
playing but we signed for those of our
viewers it was one this time who was
deaf and couldn't hear us but we we love
doing that kind of stuff you know it's
very fun he's really fun everyone felt
like everyone was getting it on everyone
was helping relay messages in the chat
it's just such a like an awesome family
thank you for watching although this
means watch I don't know like tenses
I'll learn we're learning yeah but yeah
no that was a sea turtle rock tour yes
let's do drink this is butterfly Saudis
I and okay okay a think that hello hello
anyway yeah it was a really wonderful
fun stream overall now we're gonna cook
a really late dinner and we're gonna
probably watch some Seinfeld and then
get to bed but
I didn't tell you guys Jenna's showing
me all in Sanko because I have never
watched Seinfeld I know that's crazy
but I didn't really watch too much TV
growing up and I am living Seinfeld
right now for the first time and it's
incredible and I'm so in love with it
we're watching it like every single
night it's fun anyway I want to say
thanks to everyone who was on the stream
it was like a wonderful time we played
outlast and life is strange out west was
terrifying and life is strange was good
I really liked it but we'll swim again
for those who don't know we stream on
Twitch every Monday the links are always
always in the description
what are you looking for more food
coming why are you laying on the ground
that's cute you're cute buddy you're
cute you're so little how are you like
surviving is it and why anyway I want to
show you something real quick before I
sign off this is for tomorrow I promise
I will shoot it tomorrow this is all of
the PIO box stuff look at all that so
I'm going to shoot a massive epic p.o
box video tomorrow right here with all
this stuff so it's all ready to go I'm
just gonna bust out the knife open all
these packages and do it I don't even
care if the video is gonna be like an
hour I'm gonna make the full peel box
video cuz I know you guys send them in
and I appreciate it so that's examining
tomorrow busy day and then tomorrow
we're doing something fun - we're going
to a play which should be a good time
anyway
I'm gonna sign off because we got a
bunch to do and it's already late but
thank you guys for hanging out thanks
for watching and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Jenna says she loves you well I'll see
you guys tomorrow for the next box
