sup guys wanna show you something real
quick
that's a green screen we did it this is
our green screen we received it tonight
in the mail and set it up and just
fuckin what we already tested it out on
Twitch and the stream works almost
flawlessly like we are now green screen
trained I guess I don't know what self
trained but you know the way it looks
from where I'm standing is this is our
table we're going to do everything so
right now it's a stream set up when
we're done streaming we want a podcast
we will move the stuff onto that table
which we've actually practiced it's a
lot easier than it looks
we'll move those mics over and we'll
podcast with the camera behind me so we
have two things in one setup which is
just so amazing and this was Jenna's
brilliant idea because we were really
trying to stream in the office and
podcast in here and then Jenna was like
what if we use one green screen and just
stream in the podcast room and then make
that our studio and now we've done it
and it's so exciting offices cleared out
we can edit videos in there now we've
writing in here I'm just like I'm so
excited unfortunately I did not win pair
of Yeezys in the raffle so we'll see
maybe just sometime I'll get my hands on
a pair who knows how but I'm holding
while right now because he needs extra
special attention he he gets a little
meanie some time because the Iggy's are
so everywhere but he's having a special
day right now you having a special day
bud yeah you just need some love so
we're cooking this wonderful recipe
right now we're gonna cook some dinner
and it looks beautiful there's fresh
things everywhere rice and vegetables
and check the shit out we got a food
scale and it is so much fun I'm like OCD
about it so if we're trying to measure
our food and we need like three point
six ounces of something I'm going to
make sure it's three point six pounds on
the dot but we're just a nice little
late
cook dinner right now that we're doing
and I'm really excited that we're
cooking
cuz I'm hungry and it's fun to cook with
my day oh love you there's something
oddly satisfying about knowing that
these are exactly the right measurements
alright here we go starting the recipe
we brought the bed in here for the dogs
to chill if they want to while we cook
and peaches just bringing all of her
toys in here because so cute lady you
just entertain yourself like an only
child she's gonna like fill that tiny
bed with toys you go oh you all right
excuse the shit quality right now I'm on
my phone because we're in bed but I
wanted to show you something fucking
hilarious that Marvel is doing right now
if I make a noise well Jenna's covering
his face he like fights to get out of it
because he needs to see what the noise
is
watch this are you doing she'll cover
his eyes he's got to see what it is
they're cute boy making music right now
that you haven't done the snapping one
in a second wrapping one just needs to
see what it is
Thank You guy Marvel you're cute cute
daddy time okay nothing see you guys in
the morning
peach are you back on the bag in the
morning are you wearing your Canada
scarf
you love that bed in the kitchen you
weirdo are you Canadian so I am
downstairs now for breakfast and I am
going to be making some poached eggs
because I just really wanted one since I
woke up it's actually a little cooler
diff the weather's been very erratic
this week it's been hot cold rainy now
cold so I'm going to eat some food
because I'm pretty hungry and then
today's task is doing our first podcast
with a green screen which probably is
going to take triple the time of a
normal podcast just because we're
learning everything so it should be an
interesting day should be fun
and then we'll see what's going on for
tonight I'm not sure but I'll check back
with you guys a little bit later
before I close the vlog and after I eat
these wonderful things
alright weird creation of the day it's
poured a cup of rice a little bit of
chicken arugula tomato three poached
eggs salt pepper and a little olive oil
okay
don't stop so I just did the first test
of the green screen for the podcast
we're using like a serious camera as we
do for the podcast so it's a little more
complex than doing a green screen for
the stream which we accomplished last
night figured I would just show you guys
this right here is the raw clip that
we're recording in studio and this is
with the chroma key enabled
I mean honestly like I'm surprised at
how clean this looks because we like set
up the lights the best we could but I
mean you even see the way we move like
there's no shadow like it just looks
legit so I'm really happy with this
start so hopefully what this means is
the podcast won't take a million hours
to set up I'm very excited right now
when she stalks your Instagram page
vici she keeps coming up to me while I
work at the desk
because she's a chicas over a little
bandana but I love it so I'm going to
leave it on you just want to get pets
and scratches alright guys we were about
a podcast we've been spending the day
preparing for everything and getting our
shit together but uh it's it's gotten
kind of late the date kind of slipped
away from us anyway I wanted to close
vlog so I can get up before it's
Saturday I wanted to get up on Friday
because I know I've been late this week
but I hope you guys enjoy the vlog I
hope you guys enjoy the week of vlogs
thank you for watching I hope you have a
wonderful weekend and I'll see you guys
next week for another vlog keep an eye
out for the podcast coming on Monday
came out for the twittering coming on
Monday both with the new green-screen
installed this can be sick so exciting
alright later guys
