we went to our little coffee spot and
got some caffeine is our second day here
in lisboa and we were gonna walk back to
our hotel because we want to ask help
finding some shopping we want to get
into some shopping today see what's kind
of around we walked a fair bit yesterday
to multiple different areas of Lisbon
but we want to explore kind of the like
proper shopping district well miss
taking pictures of every wall sees every
wall
you know all over Lisbon we've seen
these stands that have a bunch of smoke
coming out of it we learned that they're
chestnuts or castanos that Keitha and
they smoke them and they have like this
is just like smoky charcoal II layer on
top so we had to try it this is my first
bite oh it's so good there's a warm soft
really good though
Costanza Quinta
hi guys good
someone made graffiti just for me so I
got some cool clothing from a place
called breed and now we're just scaling
this massive set of stairs which isn't
that massive but I'm just being a baby
you know so they're doing construction
like right on the spot here on the
street and it looks like there's a
building right here at first glance but
then you look beyond it and there's
nothing it looks just like a wall it's
so crazy to look at because just pass
the door it's just a pig that hasn't
even been constructed yet
my eyebrows are so please wait did you
see that what you said the same to him
the question is kind of the vegan
restaurant we tried yesterday it's
finally open I just don't know why
roasting next to me you move I don't
want you next to me from look there's
tiles over there but I think we lucked
out because there seems to be a lot of
options here I'm learning that Portugal
doesn't have a ton of great food for me
this place is all vegan and they have a
few options so I'm gonna eat all of
those options that's the thing about
when I travel and I know that the
options are slim
I reckon eat
I eat all I just realized that I ordered
both specials of the day because I can
eat both of them and Java said the only
people who do that are me and Gordon
Ramsay
because Carter Betsey's like testing
everything and I'm just eating
everything what are your specials a day
okay I'll have all of them this is the
coolest looking coke bottle I've ever
seen no one cares
this contains caffeine derived from Kola
nut tea and coffee
all right so he made it to uh dinner Wow
I feel like actually on another planet
now when he gave in a little bit to the
jet lag we were just gonna take like a
half hour to an hour nap we set alarms
and we slept like 3 hours so not the
worst thing in the world but also not
the best I feel so lost right now it's
like dinner time already I'm calling you
from Lisbon it's my mom first calm so we
woke up today as most days that we've
woken up here pretty hungry so we went
hunting to find what food was available
for us and we found this is ours whele
pass tellurium time to eat yet yeah I
just wanted to show I don't know what
this is what is it called do you know
this one's called this is a song I don't
care I'll take it
so we're about to eat oh my god we tend
to eat really healthy on the road it was
actually rad that we went out and
exploring them and found all this food
well I've got another place that makes
crepes but they're not ready to make
crepes yeah
okay now don't mind us
this vlog ended up being a little bit
all over the place and I think the
reason is is because we're all over the
place
we are so fucking jet-lagged it's
ridiculous thankfully we've been able to
explore quite a bit while we've been
here but today we woke up so tired at a
weird our shooting Jenna's video was
pretty tough to do in this apartment
we're in and anyway fast forwarded right
now and it's the evening again so we're
finishing up Jenna's video now so we'll
see what's gonna happen tonight I doubt
we're gonna do much because tomorrow
morning is when Jenna has her panel
slash interview slash speech at Web
Summit so we want her to get ready and
rested for that it was like a nice
couple of days of like all-out exploring
and then we got tired I'll tell you one
thing I don't have a problem with though
is this view and I'm just sitting here
and taking it in Portugal's stunning
then we have an incredible look at it
from here anyway okay we just we gotta
go be jet lag now
take care
you
