so guys so it's raining today it was
like 90 yesterday and it's
raining today which is cool I actually
was hoping it would cool off of it
because I was not ready for the heat
quite yet just wasn't ready for it
anyway it is Wednesday
we got a video due today right now just
getting a couple things done around the
house then Jenna are gonna run out for
some errands and the car go for a little
ride and maybe grab some coffee too many
peach are you gonna get coffee are you
gonna get coffee cute
Julian's vlogs just starts off the day
by saying hey guys good morning the
middle is basically peach being cute the
end is Chu in sync see you guys tomorrow
he's doing you know the lazy
oh that that was up peach he's
had it with you the little lady
needs more exercise I might take her out
later but it's raining so am I not
progress is happening on the switch from
rooms for the stream this is just a
little bit cleaner I know it looks like
 though but it's a little bit
cleaner and the mic came in for our new
streaming setup because we needed a
replacement mic and we should get a
couple other things today before
tomorrow when everything comes tomorrow
we had like the green screen the stand
everything all the lights gonna be dope
today we might get a few preliminary
items cuz we did or quite a bit and then
the assembly happens so anyway
good morning I were making a caffeine
stop at the bucks of the star the Box da
box and look this trees getting so much
water you think it'll grow it's probably
gonna that's probably gonna grow its
trunk all the way back I'm gonna get a
cappuccino cappuccino cappuccino
cappuccino it's the feminine version of
cappuccino mm-hmm all right so I just
got something in the mail that I ordered
I want to show you when I rent the
boosted board the ends of the board this
part right here that part of the wood
right there I can take a beating from
like holding the board and having a rest
on the ground and it wears down the wood
and so what I found online is these 3d
printed little plates that you basically
install on your board so that they're
like bumpers for the board so that you
don't have to scratch up the wood or
risk damaging it so I'm going to install
this right now and I'm pumped
about it
all right so it's installed now as you
can see there like a little lip that's
now protecting the board from the ground
this is a really dope invention it is 3d
printed also so pretty sweet except I
won't get to ride it today because it's
rainy but I wouldn't sell the other half
now
looks like it's pretty good that's the
front and that's the tail so now I can
rest it like that and it protects the
board three sweet 3d printing is
a mind-blowing thing right so do you
hear this that is the sound of we
believe an animal caught in the chimney
this has happened before but they
escaped so I think we're gonna call
animal control because it sounds like an
animal was on the roof and I got caught
in the chimney and now it's frantically
trying to escape if we call somebody to
get them out of there then they'll like
relocate them they're like take them I
mean if they if they can fall into like
a spa it's not like they're gonna fall
down a chute like there's there's little
vents you know that they can kind of get
out of it sounds like he's gone we just
heard it now and it sounded like a lot
of banging and now it stopped completely
that means that they definitely got out
well this sounds exactly like what
happened before I don't even did i vlog
that I think I've logged it but we had
the same thing it just sounded like an
animal guy they bring them they get a
little trap yeah they bring them and
all right we're gonna go drop them off
at a park you don't need open to what
happened yes it seems like the best-case
scenario just happened because look
before I start vlogging it was even
louder it was like bang bang like
frantic and it sounds like he's
completely gone now so there was an
animal that we were gonna have to help
remove but they got out did you go into
the vent Matt what do you want to go to
the fireplace vent so I am outside right
now and I'm recording ambient
green-screen backgrounds for the podcast
my first creation is a wall with some
trees and some few raindrops falling
that's what we got it's gonna look
something like that so gonna test that
one out see how it looks so she and I
are just hanging out downstairs getting
a lot done we're getting well I'm
getting a lot done and she's been
keeping me company everyone else is
upstairs
Jenna's preparing for the video the dogs
are by her side except the wheat stay
with Daddy I just took a quick break Wow
nice take a quick break and wreak some
fools in rocket league I actually did do
pretty well not even line but we are
closing in on video operation time so I
figured I would close the vlog now just
so I don't have to have it get in the
way of things later
your feet are literally like in my mouth
do you give a give a each give
a anyway she's being too cute right
now so I can't put it down tomorrow guys
like I said is when we will assemble the
entire green screen it should be up and
running by tomorrow evening probably
really late but either way I'm excited
to show you guys and get that project
started today was a day got a little bit
of rain and now we're off to tackle the
big task of the night but I hope you
guys enjoyed blah and
I'll see you guys
