excited to go on in a long time with dad
hey how can you see good morning guys
so today a little baby we CH and I are
going on a little own time she's very
excited about it just like we've all
seen you like to cry on the way to the
fun thing and then when you're done
doing the fun thing you like to just
rest and relax on the way home peach and
I are going to the mall for two reasons
one to try to enter the raffle for the
Yeezy boost 350s
because it opened today and I've never
tried to actually go in store and get on
a list and get a raffle spot so I'm
taking a different approach this time
hopefully it'll pay off the other reason
I'm going to the mall is to meet up with
my buddy Keaton from techsmartt I
haven't seen him in a couple months he
moved out to LA and so we're gonna grab
lunch but I had to bring peach because
well hey last time I was at the mall
someone had their dog and it was really
cool because it looked like the dog was
having fun and I didn't realize you
could do that the other thing is that
Keaton loves peach so peach is coming
hopefully we'll get there soon there
should be much traffic but I want to say
hello good morning you think you're
gonna make it
you didn't gonna survive on the way in
the mall he'll be treacherous
peachie you ain't go to the mall
we're in life you guys finally we just
got to be V so now in lied there's like
a short line
I think it's good to be got here early
cause it probably was only gonna get
bigger
Keeton's gonna be here soon Ichi has
just looking all around I don't think
she's been wrong before so she's excited
but not excited for this lady so I'm
here with this guy where the Apple Store
the good news is we signed up for the
easy route for accessibility and the
horrible bad news
Julian just did the Suez phone best part
doesn't even turn on he cracked I
displayed but the reason it cracked like
that is because I'm even worried if I
have this stupid thing flip in my pocket
in the same pocket of my iPhone I had
this and this little button right here
went into the iPhone it's not before
this black came to use it so we made a
trip to the Apple foot on the good I
look on the bright side they were able
to see him in 15 minutes some days it's
a creek so yeah so hopefully I'll be
able to get out of here with the new
phone just sucks now I really
need these easy
I need how they really broke through the
glass and got to the internal of the
phone horrible
right now this is this is the line right
here we avoided this entire line we we
sat on two people in line this morning
and now it's maybe 40 people deep
so maybe just waiting around we're gonna
keep walking out of the mall right now
because my phone gave her hair she's
doing really well not spent this much
time by herself or at a mall ever then
she's doing great she just like walk
around with me and everyone seems to so
pretty peachy
but yeah we're just kind of sensitive is
a way for them to fix the phone and once
they fix it will be
but anything sticking out and catch of a
key haven't seen him in a while also to
get them a long time
it's never another long time we Peggy
Wow
all right we're just leaving the Apple
Store and they fixed this it's
amazing
I was scared the dad I was gonna be gone
cuz I'm such a nasty break but it's not
sick so we're heading out now Keeton say
goodbye oh good girl good girl yeah
alright leaving the mall right now
peaches with me
all set good day successful and almost
perfect almost hey guys so I am back
from the mall it was a productive day it
got a lot done but I wanted to quickly
just say because I didn't address the
second half of our trip in yesterday's
vlog I wanted to say that I had an
amazing time going to MacEwan University
I was even asked a question during
Jenna's time on stage and I came up and
I just I really appreciated the
conversation that students had with
Jenna it was just it was one of those
really special ones I got a lot out of
it so for those who came out at McEwen
and everyone we met and all the staff
and everyone thank you so much for
having us because it was a wonderful
time I didn't vlog that second day just
because it was a little nuts with
everything going on and it was Jenna's
event and I wanted to just help her out
the best I could but I just wanted to
quickly address that even that I hadn't
really mentioned the second half of that
trip yet I only talked about the
beginning so I didn't want you guys to
think I forgot to vlog it or whatever
anyway I'm home now and I might get a
quick little workout in up here in the
gym and like I said I had a really
awesome time
she she really impressed me today at the
mall she handled herself really well and
was very friendly and she only cried a
little bit which was awesome so I'm
proud of her she's almost two guys
that's crazy
anyway they gonna lift a little weight
here and then we're gonna cook some
dinner in a bit and watch the Grammys
but I just wanted to give a quick shout
out to McEwan because you guys you guys
 I'm just kidding you guys are
awesome
whatup guys I'm about to eat some dinner
right now
this is a turkey burger recipe that I've
created and I've been using a lot lately
it's really good it's wrapped in kale
with an egg on top let me know if you
guys want this recipe I'll give it to
you some toast some ketchup on this and
go ham oh what up guys so today has been
kind of a crazy day
good training this morning but we have
taken care of quite a bit of stuff let
me show you that's my desk it's all
empty yeah babe well done the reason my
desk is empty is because we are doing an
overhaul of where we stream because as
you guys know I've been working on the
green screen and we figured the best way
to do it was to have one green screen
for the podcast and the stream so that
means moving the stream into the podcast
room all right so we're here in the
podcast room and instead of podcasting
against that wall over there well we're
going to be doing is we're gonna podcast
here against this wall but the green
screen is gonna be here and we're also
going to stream in the same spot so it's
really underdeveloped and I'm only
giving you a peak right now because it's
still messy and not completed but once
we get the green screen in there and
once everything's done I will show you
the out of that and the streams are
gonna be so much better and the podcasts
gonna have a green screen just taking a
lot of work so we spent all day kissing
now I wish we spent all they like
planning in and kind of just writing the
blueprints for the new setup so that's
what today has been and now to do the
man bird that's right now we're gonna go
to Best Buy to get a couple more items
that we need for this project but it's
all good because it's gonna be so dubs
gonna be late
I quorum in Rome I got a special trip
today because speech got hurt yesterday
we walked into the store and he starts
coughing so loudly everyone's like oh
what a cute ah give me with my head
 Kermit all right so we're leaving
Best Buy right now but right before we
went to Best Buy we get got something
out of the mailbox Jenna got a piece of
mail from her little niece it's her
birthday today it's her birthday happy
birthday Jen is nice but I wanted to
show you the note it's the sweetest
letter that I got here's what it is it
says aunt Jenna and this is what it
looks like on the outside
it means so much you need paprika I
found some care more Jenna is literally
making hummus out of nothing
how nothing it's very well supernet of
the inter this is Jenna's little hum
 but she's making us some hummus and
I'm jazzed about it and I'm
making some chicken right there with
some sweet potatoes right there and some
dog right sorry I don't mean to scare
you
it's a home for humble okay Dave
stop got a body shop today
god I feel wired
broke my camera I don't know how I just
managed to do this but I put all the
sweet potatoes on one stick I do not
recommend this because I almost stabbed
myself like eight times but at least it
looks cool and it's easy to cook or
maybe it won't cook well at all I've no
clue only one way to find out these gems
wonderful stir-fry it looks incredible
and this is my boring chicken and sweet
potato games baby thanks for watching
the bar guys time for the bar to be over
and I will see you guys
