good morning guys we are awake we are
all packed we are getting ready to go to
Canada I fed the dogs I had to cook them
some food this morning because uh we ran
out of our stock food so dogs are fed
house is clean and now it's wheels up to
Edmonton
pleases you
did you really all right so we're about
to board the plane right now and Rome
doesn't think Swedish Fish is the thing
she thinks it's not a candy and she's
never heard of it I think I think she's
folded swedish fish is it's one of the
most famous candies in the whole world
anyway I think she just went to get some
swedish fish
and she'll obviously come back with
something because it's everywhere it's
the most famous candy in the world she
was like I could just go right there by
your room yeah and she's like crocodile
boxcars
so the fuckery with Rome has begun we
are at our gate right now we're going to
board gates behind me over there almost
in Canada first we got to prove this
Australian wrong enough god she thinks
she has everything
John I thought there was no lady with
himself
Swedish either keel Road tag fat free
stray lien tries American Swedish kid
man convicted he's American American
Swedish you were wrong I wasn't wrong -
eh - they would going to doesn't taste
like the gone one hi you're enjoying a
taste like an Australian candy oh please
it's got to make it about us Australia
I'm titling this video
Ozzy tries Swedish American Swedish
candy sweet Swedish Japan fish what it
tastes like swedish fish is what it
tastes like Oh fat not Australian candy
sudeesh fish the whole thing that
sparked this is that about some gum
that's tried it but it's flavored like
swedish fish and I was like from I have
you seen this hit she was like I don't
know Swedish because our and I was like
get out of my face
thank you
you have to do and it shall come to
see
we arrived in Edmonton quick bite
pleasing Emma we haven't actually been
outside yet curious to see how frizzy
so we're waiting to get our bags
earlier today I realized how wrong I've
been saying the university's name the
reason I said it's all wrong it's McEwen
but the reason I said it so wrong is
because there was no capital II read
that and it just looked like one word
there was no capital e in there of the
word so I didn't know how to pronounce
like that but it's McEwen so my
apologies for Connecticut so Rome
all right so we're about it all tie we
just learned it's zero degrees tonight -
13 Celsius I am ill-equipped I'm wearing
a please so
is nippy I think I'll survive the walk
to the car though
so just snow today I gotta be careful
though there's ice everywhere it's been
a long time mm whether it is called
hello advocate
all right we are at our hotel in
Edmonton it is absolutely beautiful
crisp cold wonderful we're so excited to
be here amazing Jenna said it feels like
she's back home which is a nice feeling
yeah Julian's like isn't it like a
little more rural than this in place of
the league yeah looks like cold and not
a big city so it's hot enough okay it's
really the same anyway we're we just got
dressed and settled in and now we're
going to go out grab some dinner and
possibly drinks we're going to a place
called famoso Neapolitan pizza she don't
basket fast alright first stop pizza
it's called Cuomo so we're getting
Neapolitan pizza that was the first cab
ride I've taken in a long time
Rome hasn't seen snow before I want to
still not yet
so we hear that's what's happening right
now oh oh I almost got the greatest fall
everyone go anyway
we had some drinks at his place behind
us
and now we were gonna walk over to a
place called Knoxville's tavern which
apparently has line dancing which
honestly I doubt is going on a Thursday
night I don't even know if we're open
but we're gonna go walk there because we
have energy and we're out about a new
city and Rome's playing this note look
like
from exposure we love you you're not
down into a snow angel oh my gosh
sticker gloves off not human fuck off
I got grass no tell you anyway sorry
it's been a great first night and uh
edited don't fucking cold man I'm so
happy I didn't just do a snow angel
fuck them how does your amazing picture
of your feet in the snow come out
totally was it we feel like Kenny
see I can't see I cannot see anything
I'm worn now I'm so comfortable like oh
my god
dandy I'm so fucking comfortable right
now but I can't see anything
guys don't kill me I'm Kenny but don't
kill me by the end of that okay oh my
god
I'd on camera she's a Murphy she just
looks cheap hey this is a child's room
what am I where am I
Brum Brum can a girl live oh shit
it's a hill oh my god hey seriously be
careful that sound though run real quick
real quick dab on him Oh seriously
seriously be careful oh my god
oh my god oh holy shit it is so fucking
cold right now my whole face is numb so
I don't know what my faith is doing
while I talk
Jenna's laughing at night in amateur
hour sorry I didn't grow up the winner
we just left
Knoxville tavern had pretty much of
laughs yes we did a little line dancing
he's never done what he did finger Vegas
I was honestly surprised that they were
open let alone a crazy
Thursday night college joint and it was
fun now we are back in the freezing ass
hold walking back to the hotel in
Edmonton Canada and I want to close the
bar said hey you guys for watching and
I'll see you guys tomorrow for the next
vlog she got him those flowers by a nice
little lady today
oh that Lea tried to get on yeah I got
some competition Thank You Edmonton for
being off them I'll see you guys next
week
see
