hey what's going on guys right now it is
early evening and we are rolling on
sexual Wednesday we are getting going on
the video and it's prep time right now
we spent a few hours earlier writing and
getting everything ready and now we're
shooting a video in the bathroom it's
not normal and it's not like our regular
routine where we kind of just look
around the house for a shot we have a
shot it's just a matter of making that
shot work hey what's up I am gathering
supplies and basically Jen is doing a
video from the bathtub it's going to be
like deep thoughts with Jen that sort of
thing we're trying to make it look as
deep thoughts as we possibly can so I
got the slider up there I got a couple
tripods lights and now I'm getting the
audio set up because the camera isn't
going to be that close to her so we'll
need some good external audio anyway
it's the evening and I haven't vlogged
all day because we were busy and doing
shit I clean the whole kitchen look yeah
we're leaving in the morning
and with any trip that comes after a
Wednesday which I feel like so many of
our trips come Thursdays I guess it's
because we go somewhere for the weekend
and that's they leave but it makes
everything a little more expedited I'll
say not really stressed we'll just you
know we kind of just have to have a fire
under our ass because we leave in the
morning so good thing is we're under way
with the video that's the first priority
we're going to knock this thing out and
then we got pack because we're going to
the airport in the morning not crazy
early but it isn't in an actual flight
so this video is the last big thing on
the agenda and then and then we pack
which I got these lights that we got
yesterday they're like wire lights like
copper wire looks pretty cool
Jenna picked them out urban in jitters
but I hope you guys are doing well I'll
be having a good day I've been training
really hard lately guys and my body is
just like toast it's a good thing but
it's also just like it exhausts you when
you when you train hard and your body's
just like after a couple weeks of like a
good routine you're just you feel it you
know and I'm feeling it right now so I
train this morning and I won't be able
to train tomorrow because we'll be
flying
keep myself hydrated I'm going to help
stare speech in shut the door on your
way back in so this
grabbing right now this is a little kind
of stand we're going to put the mic on
it bring this upstairs so this is the
slider I mentioned at the camera right
there
double tripods a light that's where
general will be in the bathtub all right
so what I just realized is we need to
replace our little mic stand thing we
broke it and it doesn't really stay
sturdy you know it's a sometimes but
then it kind of falls off so we need to
get a new one and I figure there's no
better time to do it then right now in
Guitar Center is open so peach and I are
going to run to Guitar Center right now
and grab a little mic stand for tight
that base is just like really beautiful
like she's like really like pretty
thanks good girl I'm peach hi marvel did
you miss me I know you miss peachy how
you not missed those kisses hey easy PCs
you have for a long time you know you
just cried the whole time all right I'm
back
got what I needed a quick trip
successful now I'm going to set this up
and we're going to bust this video out
all right so this is what I went and got
this new mic stand that's got a lot
better build quality and this one was
the broken one and it basically stripped
so we couldn't use it the new and
improved one should be perfect for the
job it's even got a little clamp here
over the cord so we are underway now so
this is the video hi Jenna
hello coming up just how I wanna impress
any bubbles this is fun man so yeah
she's in the bath I'm recording over
here
I know she's 100% naked just so you guys
know she's naked guys we got your audio
it looks it looks and sounds good and
you got your wine Alex Jeanne looks
dreamy
so we're gonna be doing this for a
little while which is a fun shoot not
going to complain well
and it's really a fucking hot we are
done shooting that was a quite crazy
shoot I had never shot like a entire
video in a bathroom before so you had to
account for a lot of things that it was
hot in there but we finished so we're
gonna start the editing now it was fun
cute video peach there's a cute video
like you you're cute video you are video
hello dear are you sleepy you shoot the
unit iron so we're winding down
finishing up videos it was a great day I
honestly had a lot of fun shooting that
video and we had a lot of stuff done so
that was good stuff to pack didn't do
that yet but I guess it's pretty normal
that I left it for the last thing
because I do that like every single time
I suck at packing and I suck at
unpacking if I have a trip within the
next month of another trip don't even
unpack it's terrible
we gotta finish this stuff up packing
get all the stuff done and hug the dogs
for one more sleep because we're going
to miss them for a couple days which we
do not like to lease over part of
traveling easily number one pound for
pound but I will take you guys with me
as usual you will see our trip I'll
bring you along for the Canadian
adventure to Edmonton supposedly really
cold so we're going to pack warm now I'm
gonna pack hot pack ha I hope you guys
enjoy the vlog thank you for watching as
always I appreciate it I love you guys
and I'll see you tomorrow in Canada
which I'm honestly really pumped for
because the last time I went to Canada
which was when we went to Toronto for
Fan Fest I loved it loved kid anyway
I'll see you guys tomorrow
