good morning guys
happy Wednesday today the first thing
that I noticed when I woke up was that
my protein had been delivered like a day
after I told you guys that I needed
Virgina I ordered some and I didn't even
select overnight shipping I just
selected seeds right there i neva select
overnight shipping I selected like the
option above ground shipping so that was
nice
got some protein in I got some good
training in this morning too so I'm
feeling good I woke up at like 7:45 this
morning after going to bed like one
which is kind of early for me and uh my
body just like woke up and it was one of
those days where my body was like
alright you got the perfect amount of
sleep wake up and I felt great like I
just hung out and fed the dogs and had
some breakfast watch some TV which I
enjoy doing I I'll kind of want to get
back into the habit of waking up a
little earlier getting it really start
but yeah anyway it's a beautiful
beautiful day outside now I feeling good
peach you feel good you're always
feeling good huh you feeling good yeah
are you squinting anyway uh like I said
yesterday Jenna and I are going to go to
the mall today to go shopping for
clothing it's been kind of a while since
I went shopping and took a day to just
like buy new clothes the last few times
I've gone shopping it's just been for
like one or two items so I'm excited to
get some new stuff and got a couple
packages coming today so it should be
just a spot on spot on day right funny
story about this morning I was on my way
to train and I take the boosted board to
to my training I ride there every
morning that attorney because it's close
enough and I just enjoy riding so I was
riding the boosted board and I was
wearing my knee to chirp and Kris smell
burger who runs neat ood and lives in
New Jersey texted me are you wearing
your knee to churn like as I got to the
gym and I'm like how did you know that
apparently his friend saw me riding and
was like hey some random guys wearing an
e-2 shirt and he's riding an electric
skateboard and Chris was like that's
probably Julian and it was me so I was
pretty funny coincidence this morning
some random guy guys some random guy
some red guy a UN guy you ran a girl
random
we came back to Lush we had a period
like a couple months ago it was kind of
a rush and get that it's not so amazing
any of us are getting a break get some
bass box where you just go oh it's up we
just got a bunch of backbone and we're
going to put them all in one single bag
and then take that dick back there
welcome to support we came over here for
some micro water guys it's like water
but micro I'm just hanging out by the
derma clear I'm thirsty for some micro
water
order when we're having a foot Micra
water in the microwave these are the
kinds of things though they should
advertise at support and I would come
here all the time so they said I am a
painter you should be
I'm lost huh no I'm good
yeah thanks Christina I was talking
about my girlfriend Ursula raising the
same sort of beanie I'll find her
I just got lost in there
I was right here
so I'm sitting outside now once she's on
there were probably eating all of her
some more clothes already got a sweater
from adidas which dope and sure
that's my stuff cool right okay so a
quick little hack here we're shopping
and your bags are good and heavy just
wear the stuff you're buying and then
you may be really hot stuff but at least
you're not carrying heavy bags this is
my new hoodie and now my bag load is
like 15% lighter my hack car as I am
showing right now I just feel so alive
I'm cute I like your boats give us a
deal here if you get a pair of shoes you
get a pair of cross boots for five bucks
there Keith oh I'm really can't hurt you
Jiji PG hello wow wow wow do you guys
miss us you guys miss us
wow you Pig what are you calm down calm
down honey
look how excited you excited yeah we
were gone shopping hosted ace re we
loved you let's stress breathing so much
breathe is so much please breathing in
chorus so then oh my boo hello we all
right we are back home from the mall we
had a amazing day
shopping we like got so much stuff I'm
like so happy I had to had a successful
day of shopping like that and so long
look at the hall that's Urban Outfitters
chic lush more chic cheeks this shoe
store and we walked into it then we love
chic and they had this crazy deal where
if you buy a pair of shoes you get a
pair of women's boots for five bucks so
we did it and I'm excited to show you
all the stuff I got really pinch is kind
of recycling my few outfits so it's
exciting that I got a lot of stuff I
want to show you something else I'm
cooking up dinner right now
the Traeger is going and speaking the
Traeger they sent me this care package
of their rubs and sauces I've talked to
you guys about Traeger before ever
they're just some of the nicest people
and they really took care of me as soon
as they found out I had a faulty smoker
and they sent me this care package of
rubs and sauces and I'm so excited
because I'm gonna try all of them in a
and I've read different places that use
quality roads the final smoke product is
that much better so I'm cooking some
chicken right now with the Chipotle rub
the chicken rub and the salmon rub just
to fuck things up I was actually going
to buy a bunch of rubs but they beat me
to it awesome customer service so that's
great anyway I'm going to eat some food
and then we are podcasting tonight we're
podcasting super early this week because
we're going out of town Canada for
Jenna's appearance at make you one
University in Edmonton so we leave later
this week which means we have to push a
bunch of stuff up and get it done early
so that is what we're doing great day
now time for a great dinner all right I
mean I teased you guys with all these
seasonings so I figured I might as well
show you what they taste like so here's
a taste test on the right we got the
chicken rub and the left we got the
salmon rub let's taste the chicken one
first so this is the chicken rub it's so
tasty I mean I don't know else to say
it's like a perfect chicken rub salted
pepper any plus the salmon rub yeah yeah
now it might be better there's like
peppercorns on it I should do a taste
testing video for every time I try new
rub that's good alright so right now I'm
cooking kale to have with my chicken and
I even use the rub on the kale fuck yeah
all right guys vlogs over thank you for
watching and I will see you tomorrow
