you'd be crazy today dude she's being so
fucking insane this morning she woke up
and was just wild from the moment she
woke up it was hilarious
just jumping all over the bed I was like
wrestling around with her she has those
mornings like she's always energetic but
she has those morning's where she's
especially fucking nuts
anyway good morning guys I am heating up
some breakfast for the dogs and then
Jenna and I are off to a meeting real
quick I want to say thank you guys so
much the response to that little video I
put out on Friday has been amazing and
I'm so happy that you guys are receiving
it the way you are I already want to be
doing more of that but the way that you
guys reacted to be putting it out only
makes me want to make more of them and
uh it's just exciting so thank you so
much I'm really glad you guys enjoyed it
because I enjoyed making it for you what
do we got this is turkey rage we had a
really fun time yesterday just um we
watch the Super Bowl and like didn't
like party or didn't have a big thing
about it it was actually kind of nice we
ordered some food I'd cooked some wings
I cooked like 40 fucking wings on the
smoker and I ate about seven of them so
I have a whole bag check this out I have
a whole bag of wings for this week even
though I probably should eat them for
the week and but yeah like it was super
chill and yeah now it's Monday so we're
back at normal stuff just want to say hi
and I got to feed the dogs guys I missed
a couple days this weekend on from the
diet thing you know I've been really
good and then Friday I started to
unravel with Super Bowl Sunday on my
mind ah so I'm picking it back up today
getting back on the horse and I'm just
completely out of protein today how do
you go buy some new protein probably
order some online because they don't
carry my favorite kind at this store
that's close to us but yeah like I had
three giant tubs
and ever since I've been like forcing
myself to have protein shakes every day
it's gone right away I'm also getting my
hair cut later but there's another
project that I'm going to start soon
which is the green screen project I want
to have a green screen in the house for
multiple reasons
Podcast twitch videos the possibilities
are kind of endless
it's a project because I want to be able
to do it so it suits all those needs and
anyway I was taking suggestions on the
podcast this week of what you guys
thought we should use the green screen
for on the podcast like basically what
you wanted to see behind us while we
podcast it and when you responded a live
feed of what the dogs are doing while
we're podcasting which is hilarious I'm
going to look into that we're going to
look into all that but the green screen
is definitely a new project and I'm
excited about I ran back home now the
dogs have been at home alone for a few
hours so I assume they'll be pretty
rowdy so they might take me for a walk
or something I still go couple hours so
I get a haircut
but it's an absolutely beautiful day out
last night was actually like a hot night
I was like hot but I slept that was the
first time that's happening wrong
check them out check the mail
Umi undies all right so I just I'm
hanging out right now I did a test
stream on Twitch because we're going to
stream tonight but we got a new camera
set up so I want to make sure that works
on streaming and it did and now I'm
gonna go get my hair cut because whoa
along um you know looks cool is these
little Cheerios
let's do we go get my hair cut and I'll
see you guys when I get back guys
we finish the twitch stream went really
well had a bunch of people hanging out
it was a great time now I am off for a
little night lift I haven't done a night
lift like going to the gym just to lift
it like at night by myself and so long
and it's something that I used to do all
the time I don't know if you guys like
have that sort of routine but when I was
in high school college like that was
like my happy
at the end of the day by myself just
empty gym so I'm gonna go get a little
lift in I was feeling really tired but I
fucking just got up and left because
I've ER you know sometimes you just got
to ignore yourself so let's go get a
night lift in
slap here did you like this
so seething no I like this one
this is Jenna's favorite iPhone game at
the moment and this is a soundtrack - it
is lit alright guys a moment easily five
should be to five times sometimes just
gotta be at five times
anyway uh thanks for watching vlog I'll
see you guys tomorrow spark and I hope
you guys had a wonderful productive
Tuesday wants you all around the vlog
it's just everything bought you that be
fine right alright let me do it I'll do
it
Tenzin and trolley mode we're gonna go
shopping tomorrow should be an exciting
day
watch chopping chopping chopping we're
gonna go around with a knife chopping
music don't tell the police that's my
stuff yeah you sir you're arrested
