ah what is up guys good morning I am an
officer now I'm actually just reading
some of the comments in the vlog man and
a lot of you were sticking up for peach
which you're in the right for doing I
wasn't being a hundred serious when I
was talking about how she wouldn't give
the other dogs attention yesterday I was
more of just like come on like you kiss
him all the time you know like they need
love the reality is she associates that
smell that they came off with with
really sad and scary times at the vet
I'm not that she's ever gone through
anything bad knock on wood it's more of
just like dogs have incredible senses of
smell so when they smell something they
associate it with something and that
smell on them yesterday brought back
that fear so she had no reason to do
anything different than she did
yesterday but she's actually warming up
to them better already she's been
smelling them longer and sitting closer
to them so I can't imagine it's more
than like a day before she's back to
just like being super affectionate
anyway yeah so I'm just sitting down
chatting with you guys in the comments I
didn't like that color anyway you guys
know that we have a PC now because
that's what we use for twitch streams
and gaming and what happened was I had a
big monitor on my desk I still do and I
initially bought that monitor for
editing videos because it was easier to
have two monitors to edit but now that I
got the PC that's taken over the monitor
so now I'm basically back to editing my
laptop which I don't want but what I
need to do and I think I'm going to do
this week is plan out a situation where
I can put the monitor I want to put this
monitor on some sort of swivel head and
mount it like right up here so I can
move it around that way I can have the
PC here and my laptop to end on over
there and this screen up in the middle
that way we'd be able to have the three
monitors all functioning together
the dogs are feeling better they are
moving about they're eating it took
their medicine so that's all good yeah
just another day in the hood guys in the
hood of Jenna and Julian
in the hood in the hood we she was being
wild so I took her out she had a really
mellow day yesterday we were just kind
of like laying around with the dogs and
today she's like nope I'm getting
exercise
take a break take a break good riding
feel better it's really funny she
Sprint's like a good 10% faster we're
heading towards the direction of home
he's just like knows that's the way to
go and she's trying to get home even
though she wanted to get out so bad you
just love sprinting at home don't you
alright let's go home peachie tell Ron
what you just did she ran right inside
the door and kissed kurma it was the
sweetest thing did you kiss your brother
yeah you like forgot how scared you were
the son you kissed him anyway that was
really sweet
good girl yeah you just need some
exercise thank you for kissing your
brother hopefully you're not so scared
today so guys I have spent hours today
working on something that I've been
trying to do for like months we've been
using one of those little Logitech like
webcam webcams twitch streams for gaming
videos and so I've been trying to get it
so we can use one of these cameras like
our old DSLR as a webcam and I finally
figured it out so this is what it looks
like over here we got the Canon 60d
Jenna's old camera and we got the wide
lens on it it's plugged into the PC down
here you can see right now
that's us on the live view right there
and then I Jimmy rig this light back
here we're going to actually have to set
up a real light I'm just genuinely
really excited right now the reason I
spend so much time of it today given
that his video days deniz being a gaming
video I suck at video games she's done a
couple of them before but since we
actually have a real setup and we have
more games now we're gonna do another
one yo uh sorry about
cutting off yesterday's vlog and then
picking out today we had a crazy night I
know I was really excited about the new
method of shooting gaming videos but we
hit like a roadblock really late in the
process when basically we couldn't
export clips and it was a headache and a
half so we finally got it done and thank
God because that was not fun anyway I'm
off to a quick coffee meeting and then
I'm gonna head back home so I can record
Jenna's radio show with her all right
here for my caffeine meeting which is
the best kind of meeting because you
just get to casually caffeinate I just
saw a car accident I didn't see it
happen I saw the aftermath and it was
not pretty I hate cars so it's drive
safe buckle up
alright caffeine alright I made it to my
meeting this is who I'm meeting with
does I Bowie would you mom go so
if she's we're on backwards she just
switched them they were on backwards
we're using backwards cutest baby in the
entire world
okay Bowie and I have business to
discuss right okay all right
done with coffee heading home but I'm
gonna close the vlog now thank you guys
for watching and let me leave you with
this beautiful view of this beautiful
California Street that I'm on see you
guys tomorrow
