karma just came home from the vet he had
a bunch of teeth pulled today well we
just woke him up because we were having
him like just lay chilling his tongue
comes all the way out now cuz he's
missing his front teeth now oh poor guy
you high yeah very high don't know where
my teeth are coming on try to walk
around
come on chorim you need water sign oh
okay
come on go outside hi this little
wouldn't kiss him because she isn't like
the way he smells it's damn selfish of
you peach
damn selfish
oh good Kermit that's a rough day yeah
do a lot of TV today's no fun I'm gonna
go get marbles and uh we make under an
hour he he went under after Kermit so
today is uh not much fun but ya gotta
take care of
oh you got a tail wag we got oh we got a
tail wag huh Kermit what's on here arm
he had new accessory I say it looks good
I say we keep it new bracelet from the
doctor and she warming up he night
you're bad
yeah he's all awake now so this tongues
back in his mouth but we'll check back
in when your tongue comes back out
you're a creep ug come on and those are
abusive peachy come here come she's
making me mad like this is all selfish
behavior you know like how he smells you
shower him with kisses all day every day
and then one hour that he needs it
you're just hiding here comes here's the
tongue Kermit hey Kimmy your nose is so
long that the tip your nose is out of
focus now what we're gonna do is you're
gonna see how to come in you're not
gonna hit him in the face cuz you're
trying to run away
look at this she doesn't look he smells
like a hospital and in but she won't
even like look at him
this is like breaking my heart peachie
he means you know love human and support
him I mean who wouldn't want to kiss
that Kermit peach con no no leaving oh
all right
yes Kermit he need you baby
PG this is selfish behavior means you
baby do you believe this can you kiss
him please just once you haven't kissed
him yet and he's been home for an hour
kissa okay peachy give him a kiss
how are you terrified of permit she's
like shaking peach this isn't about you
stop making it about you your legs
shaking that's a selfish leg shake peach
what are you doing
peach Wow
it's the face of a heartless sister come
give it a hard time huh hey don't go
home don't go home she went home
oh now he's crying - you got marble bag
you know right but I'm pretty derpy you
like beans huh excited to be with your
brother
they're already so happy to be nice to
you
Crimea was so excited hmm
remember you back buddy fine you back
home you feel better
yeah you super out of it I'll tell you
guys one thing
you killed it you killed it today you
made everything worse you made it about
yourself when are you gonna give your
Bros a damn kiss they're waiting I know
I know but still I expected more out of
you yeah you smell funny but this honey
fada dude they're so drug
this is your dog this is your dog on
drugs
oh you just licked on the side of his
mouth this inside if it's on the right
side peachie go hang out with the
brothers such a weirdo hello welcome
back good that you called ASA I like it
we should leave it on peach he needs
some lovin okay why don't you give him
some lovin boy you're gonna take it off
Wow good boy Wow good boy yeah good boy
funny little cat shape oh he's gonna
have it shaved because he's got shaved
brain hearing her me feel better homie
probably feel better yeah I can tell
he's really getting back into it we feed
him some food soon wasn't it again come
here he was just like fell over oh my
God he's wobbling Oh sway mommy on some
food his are drunk flipper yeah he's so
bright too hard to fall over the oh my
you isn't Giggy oh he almost falls yeah
good boy okay okay okay Jenna keeps
playing the East things on the
chromecast she played my little pony
Tyler Perry and now Bob Ross and she
keeps making this face why are you
trolling me you naughty what the
are you even finding this stop
it is such a troll
oh yeah
it's time for the bard to be over I'll
see you guys tomorrow
