hello there we are in Palm Springs I am
with the J train we took the J train to
Palm Springs uh like I told you guys
took a lot from the trip to Palm Springs
because we just wanted a little getaway
for the weekend and uh Jason and I have
been out with the camera shooting some
stuff this morning and you will be
seeing that I don't know what what it's
called I don't I don't think it
technically means it's a movie or film
out it's something we shot it and so now
we're at rite-aid to pick up supplies
because we are renting an air B&B this
isn't a right aisle that's not what we
need at Somaly but this is this is what
we uh yeah we need pick up some supplies
the girls are at home and then we're
gonna head back over there and just do
nothing which is what we came here to do
and shoot some stuff which was really
fun we brought the telephoto lens and we
have to do some really cool stuff so I'm
excited to put that together into
something that's not a walk anyway gonna
grab these supplies children's toys I
found a Zen about it so welcome to the
tornado kitchen so I'm making drinks for
the girls and all at us but this is how
you do it
tornado sows so over here if you want to
look this is basically what it should
look like it should be a nice little
spillage underneath all of your
appliances so that the surface isn't
just gross and shit but it's underneath
everything and then down here we also
have some solid action good coverage
sometimes when you're juicing stuff and
it doesn't pour into the cover just
pouring out of the counter it's good
because it adds a little finesse to your
drink and so over here we're burning
sugar water because we're not watching
it really well and this is going to be
our simple syrup even though way way to
cooks right now it was burning a second
ago so that's how you got to make the
drinks and we'll have these done in no
time and
the rest of the trip to clean up my mess
see you guys next time on the trial
kitchen
all right Kermit you're gonna show us
that you like the laser pointer now oh
good karma get it get it Carmy get
Graham can get home getting jerk or me
I'm gay can't calm do it get it get it
go can't go get it
go boy yeah good boy kid get it girl get
it girl get it get it
okay good boy yeah yeah yeah he's like
this is a fucking trick good boy get it
Carmy get it right kun-hee me up look
yeah shit bobble Jenny good boy
look Kermie hey guys these I'm fun
Kermit looks like he was riding in an
invisible chair when you did scare me
- lien D doggone are you zooming in on
me sometimes I wake up in my daddy I
love so when you add computers it just
like he doesn't like the lead stop
signing up and we it's like pouring rain
outside there's this crazy storm earlier
a chair literally blew into the pool in
the backyard and there was like it
looked like fucking floor or hurricane
there's nuts so we're just like hanging
inside for the day and chilling we're
paying close attention to the Internet
because of the whole finebros situation
is very interesting because it's like
unfolding right now so we released a
podcast a day early because we were
talking about that on the podcast and so
that's up and it's an interesting day
for the Internet out here I have a
little time lapse going this is a front
little patio and it has crazy view and
clouds right now because it just rained
and it's clearing up over there but
there's still whole sheet of clouds
coming this way so I got the little
slider out for a time-lapse and we are
really just kind of laying low and kind
of nothing in the desert here which is
so nice just when you are form check in
haven't talked to you guys since up my
tornado kitchen last night yeah let me
just show you outside real quick
I want to show you okay so I was weird I
turn blue for a second thanks boggy
anyway we're right next to this huge
mountains and one of my favorite parts
about Palm Springs is especially when
you show up at night you come at night
and it's just like desert you don't see
anything and in the morning there's this
beautiful giant mountain right outside
your door and this is what it looks like
it's just it's almost like breathtaking
I mean it's just such a big mountain in
such a vast like desert it's just really
like a truly beautiful thing seeing
those mountains and then there's that
thing peeing okay good go yep so I
definitely had my fun with the time
lapses you can see the stars at night I
shot a whole bunch of stuff I told you
the end yesterday we went out and
basically filmed like a cohesive film
and I'm gonna put it together and it's
going to be not part of the blog this
vlog is going to be a normal like we're
in Palm Springs here's what we're doing
vlog and then you'll see all of that in
its entirety
when I'm done with it and I'm going to
spend some time editing and I want to
want to make it cool do it right because
I spent a lot of time getting these
shots going to certain locations and
this is kind of what I was talking about
it's gonna be bigger than a vlog so I
want to give you guys a regular vlog too
so you can you know keep up with me we
had a little alone couple night the
first night and hung on the hot tub
which was fun we had like a whole photo
shoot you guys saw it on snapchat
probably have some food soon dinner soon
guys I bit my fingernail too deep and
now it's the most painful fucking thing
in the entire world
farc we're back home we made it had a
good weekend time to get back into the
swing of things the movie that I shot in
the desert will either be released and
finished by this weekend or early next
week it's going to depend on a few
things I will keep you guys posted
though thanks for watching the vlog and
I will see you guys in the next one
