it's now 5:00 we're boarding our flight
to lisbon portugal and we just got in on
our connection to New York the whole
entire planes are waiting for us
sorry plane hope you're gonna fly faster
I'm sure exhausted I flew as fast as I
could so we made to Lisbon like 10 a.m.
the only thing now is Rome has a bag
lost when they lost one of Rome's bags
incidentally plenty of Rome's baguette
scholars so I am on bag watch while
they're in the lost-and-found office
trying to find Rome's misplaced luggage
hopefully they'll be able to locate it I
have a feeling it's not in Portugal I'm
feeling it's like in New York or LA or
literally anywhere else in the world
it's hard to believe we wouldn't be
accounted for because of all the luggage
tags and the barcodes and everything is
on a record but I guess we'll see I
haven't even really been outside yet
we're just driving left the airport so
all in one swoop
Rome and Collins back have been lost
please do not do the same literally
didn't know a car could do this anyway
our first experience in Portugal is a
car that has a reclining chair the
person that designed this was like how
can I make this ultimate way to just
lays out graduate if you were relying on
this person to give you directions worst
copilot over my chair moving I'm getting
a massage I think we're loopy isn't BMW
one of the sponsors
all right we made it to Texas it's not
close it's nothing this is an operation
are you coming back tonight
hello friend hello friends
we're walking down to the shore and
everywhere we've been has just been so
beautiful it's amazing when you can go
to Europe how old and historic
everything feels all the buildings are
old I know but we're getting our
bearings now we're trying to just like
move around and stay awake and Cathan a
and hang out with some pigeons cuz we're
all loves the pigeons
Lisbon pretty dope stuff
Roman Genesis on the beach so I'm going
to go behind Rome to try to scare those
are Iggy's
Italian we have we have to
Oh
well there's so saw found eggy's in
Portugal someone's hold on that is it's
called San Francisco Street and I think
I know why doesn't look like much but
it's pretty big inclined we're going to
a vegan restaurant we found and we're
gonna eat some food not only is it a
crazy time difference eight hours ahead
LA but it's daylight saving positive
like a day ago so it's already kind of
getting dark and it's like 3:30 in the
afternoon well it turns out the vegan
restaurant is closed so we're gonna try
to catch one of these little mini
tricycle cabs to another restaurant we
found a little ways away no I think this
is funny
alright so Jenna walked into the back
okay can I get by Thank You Jenna was
going the bathroom earlier and she
looked to see where the shower was
because we need to know where to take
showers and it turns out there isn't one
but just a bathtub oh yeah this is our
little hotel room slash apartment for a
while here we are fighting the jet lag
for real right now we are exhausted it's
6:30 p.m.
trying to push through the evening but
we know if we stay in this room too long
before going out we're gonna fall asleep
so we're gonna go out to a bar soon I
just thought of a bar named Barcelona
alright thank you babe so on ba our
space SEL ona solo
I pulled okay how could you tell
you go to Barcelona picture this walk in
and immediately a herd of bulls start
chasing you to the bar
okay so we found a pretty dope bar that
we really liked actually and it's it's
just about 7:30 we're like trying so
hard to stay awake so we're drinking and
hanging out it's like noon back at home
on Monday it's the weirdest Monday
morning I've ever had but while we're on
the bar we just got the notification
from HQ so we're all gonna play some HQ
trivia oh my god
the dig family representing
everyone everyone go all the sudden
there's a million people in the streets
web summit has literally taken over
Lisbon there's like 60,000 people and it
feels like all of them are on this one
Street we're heading back to our hotel
finally we made it one day I mean it's
almost 11 p.m. staying awake pretty
proud of that
Howard it's time for some glorious
glorious jetlag sleep we're gonna hit it
again tomorrow and Lisbon no what an
astute observation there's like no girls
in there honestly that's three went from
literally empty to like dudes from
everywhere in the world
