what is up guys I'm out exploring today
I wanted to make a little bit of a night
blog I'm sitting in my trunk right now
because over there behind that sign
right there I'm shooting a time-lapse
I'm trying to capture the mood I'm
renting a new lens right now to test
that kind of thing out but the moon was
like super super low and big and so I
got my shit ran up here and by the time
I got up here was behind the clouds
because it's going up and hopefully I
want to get it
escaping that first cloud and getting a
good shot of it so that's what I'm doing
right now but I wanted to come out and
just kind of like explore at night oh I
really like the fact that my camera does
well in in the dark because it allows me
to kind of search for the unknown in
terms of like getting shots like I have
no clue the limit of which types of
shots there are to get with my camera or
at night or in places or situations that
I normally wouldn't have been able to
shoot so that's kind of what I'm doing
right now I'm actually currently on the
same parking lot where I shot the UFO it
was back there you're on the opposite
corner of this parking lot still
and the UFO was like up there this is
one of my spots for sure where I know I
can get a good vantage point on things
speaking a vantage point it looks like
the moon is coming out to say hi that's
what it looks like for you guys
hopefully the shot I get it it will be a
lot better got the camera right over
there
and it's got a sweet little view let's
go check what it looks like crazy
because it doesn't even look like a moon
what it looks like the Sun it's kind of
out here exploring doing my thing I want
to say hi could be a fun little
adventurous night vlog oh probably shoot
it all up here I don't know
we shot Jenna's video earlier it was
hilarious it was a Face Swap live tag
thing where it's like an app that they
swaps you while you're making a video
it's it's incredible it's one of the
funniest
see but uh yeah just up here do my thing
so I got a little bit of the moon the
thing was it's so incredibly bright
tonight and it's surrounded by some
clouds that when you get up close to it
the only way to really tone down that
brightness and that light is to darken
everything and once you do that it looks
like it's just like completely drowning
black it's it's are no it's it's a
learning process for sure but I got
something I shot the moon a little bit
which is kind of cool there's a
helicopter do you think they're looking
for me some guys just fucking squatting
on the roof of a target to get some
shots first vlog actually I think it's a
plane yeah that's a plane he's
definitely coming for me yep so I know I
talked to you guys a little bit ago
about doing bigger projects and doing
weren't just day-to-day vlogs and I've
been thinking more and more about that
and that idea of doing things that don't
just take 24 hours you know and I think
what's going to happen is every once in
a while I think I might just have an
idea and take you know a couple days up
to like a week or so to execute it and
maybe I'll give you some vlogs about you
know basic like hey guys this is me with
vlogging and stuff like that as I'm
doing it just to keep you updated but
the vlogs I make during bigger projects
like that they wouldn't have
cinematography they wouldn't have
anything that I can put effort in
because what I'm doing is I'm putting
that effort into the bigger project and
when I say bigger project I don't mean
anything important more things were it's
a big YouTube shoot and all these people
are there it's just literally like me
with these ideas that I have wanting to
just do it basically I just want to let
you guys know that like say I get an
idea I want to shoot this I want to make
it this I want to look like this
it's going to take a week to really do
it right so I'm going to take a week and
really spend the time to shoot it and
create it right all the while I'll vlog
you know some some of what I'm doing
with vlogging but the emphasis of it is
going to be on the bigger video that's
not going to be every day like the blog
so you guys know I have that passion and
interest in making cool things I want to
let you guys know that I might be making
some things that don't just take one day
so they can be even cooler because as
much as I enjoy the few time lapses and
things that I put in the vlogs now
imagine if I could put that type of
effort into an
video and make it like a full thing that
wouldn't just take a day
you couldn't just do it a day anyway
that's that's kind of what I'm thinking
about I really have to pee I drink a lot
of water and juice when I was at home
and then I just ran out the door
I just left didn't really think that one
through I am at Target I could just like
go into target pee but is that okay is
that wrong
really that's wrong it's definitely
wrong to pee up here I'm not going to do
that don't worry I won't do that I want
to be caught fucking peeing on some
security camera and I don't want to be a
dick the moon thing I'm interested in
getting better at I just know that the
moon is never really that big from where
we are I always see pictures of people
in the craziest locations in the world
and the moon is so big
wow that would be cool but the moon
isn't the part of the sky that I'm
really interested in it's the stars and
the clouds wanting to test this out this
is a a flashlight I've recently become
interested in the flashlights kind of
like collecting them sounds pretty dumb
like a hobby and so I've researched and
I found this one I really liked it so I
wanted to test it out like on this roof
cause it's
see that's so that's like a big roof
over there flashlights handling looks
like a lightsaber here's like my new
flashlight so this is my trunk this is
my backpack with kind of all my video
gear but this is a blanket and I always
keep a blanket in my car because my mom
really did that growing up and it always
paid off speaking to my mom my mom like
made this blanket too she makes these
like really cool blankets like from
Little League games or wherever we were
always had blankets in the car we always
used them so now I just carry one even
though I haven't used in a while really
nice to have a blank in your car because
when you get cold and you need a blanket
that one time is worth it this is the
time-lapse I've gone I'm shooting that
intersection down there what's cool
about this time-lapse is I normally
would not have the ability to get a shot
so far away like I told you this is the
lens that I'm renting right now it's not
mine but I'm testing it out because it's
a telephoto lens which means you can
shoot really really far away and have
the picture still be great I'm shooting
a time-lapse that's you know a quarter
of a mile away that looks like we're
right there but you can also see like
polls that are right here so you get
sort of a really big depth of field
where you know a wide-angle lens like my
lens you would not get that you just see
what's right in front of you so I'm
really excited to see how I like this
lens
because I might be my next like thing
that I that I can't imagine if I could
learn how to shoot that properly it
would come out fucking sick like go to
the doctor when you're sick as always I
got my pokey badges and my other badge
from Zelda on my backpack from Japan
weirdest combination of things ever I'm
walking down the roof over to where we
shot the UFO because I want to show you
a story I'm keep an eye on the camera
alright so that corner right over there
is where we were just like camped out
and I was shooting some stuff along that
side with Jason and there's a ramp that
goes down right there it's basically the
ramp that you drive to get down the
parking lot
we were walking towards that ramp and we
looked up over there all the way up
there like right in that direction
towards
is where we saw a light I think it was
Jason was like do you see that light in
the sky and without even thinking I just
you know pointing the camera upwards it
was literally already recording we were
right there it's it's crazy to be back
here because I don't think I've been on
the roof to shoot here since that night
and then we got it you know it exploded
and disappeared and we looked around
really holy shit what the launcher we
just see so we hopped in the car ran
home made a video tweeted it out Khloe
Kardashian tweeted it out speaking to
Khloe Kardashian we watched Jenna on
kocktails with khlo√©'
tonight which we filmed on Monday we
went and filmed that with them and what
an interesting experience we had which I
mean she did great it was really nice to
them but they were like talking about
things and Jenna was just like saying
there's like hey they actually talked
about the UFO video on
crazy fucking shit and I'm gonna finish
this shot up and then and then we'll
head up
all right guys I'm packed up ready to go
home now thank you guys for hanging out
with me today this is
I thought I'd mix it up tell you what's
on my mind
thanks for watching the vlog I'll see
you guys
