good morning everyone
I am up a little earlier than normal
because today we have to go to the vet
the dogs have to get their teeth cleaned
and today is the consultation so it's a
it's a long doctor's appointment for all
three of our dogs so we're getting up
and trying to get going as soon as we
can Peach's never had our teeth cleaned
in terms of like getting put under so
it'll be a first for her even though
it's not happening today the process
begins today yeah so we're just getting
ready getting caffeinated getting gone
for the day I want to say good morning
hopefully this doesn't take you long
because I not it's not the most fun
thing being in the back but you know
something got to do we're going to the
vet we're going to the vet that the vent
your favorite place on earth the vet TGT
ready for the vet hey you're not
strapped in you got to be you're gonna
be less unruly please peaches shaking
she's such a panic you guys need your
teeth clinked we need to get your teeth
cleaned out ain't no way yeah I mean not
today obviously it's a consultation but
Jenna thinks current models will have to
have some teeth moldable suit that's not
fun but you know it's part of having a
small dog so well up here bred small
dogs purebred small overcrowded nasty
from inbreeding in reading guys
inbreeding it's all fun and games but
then you teapot
yeah and you can hear that easy cute
turn back brought us to the ready I came
to tell a story with our cafe I'd like
an even function right now laughing me I
just dropped this off I just brought
this I brought this whole thing up
almost all the way filled and I was like
hide like this then the guys like are
you tired because like well we don't
have this flavor but yeah double-fist
some of these okay have we ever done
that testing you don't need that many B
vitamins
I need a vitamins pepper always gives
credit B vitamins what about a permit
are you excited this time you're not
going to the vet alone it's usually just
you but literally every time we've been
to this vet it's been with just Kermit
are you brother and sister a common week
yeah now you got company see you get all
freaked out together got caffeine now
spilled all over the car
know that now
what is so nice it's like this we only
let them sit like this when we're like
riding around the neighborhood it's not
a safe fun she's a goon we're driving
just up the street
she's a a goon he's your goon with
anything you don't even talk or just a
gun hey guys hey
peachie do I go to the vet why you guys
breathe so loud
peach get down I thought she just
decides when she's gonna see ya guys
anytime the Iggy's walk in a room you
just hear breathing
this isn't your seat you ate your mom
spoiling you even at the bad guys
forgiving to bed at the vet all that
homemade dog food huh you guys just get
you temperature taken was that fun
Pete marbles already depressed Kermit
sorry oh he's gone
Marvel's one person then Kermit went and
peach was like my turn back I don't want
to go and so she finally went she was
like we hate this but uh we're going to
actually in addition to getting them
consulted for their dental exam we're
getting and possibly caught up on the
next scenes cuz page might be behind on
us we cried about and uh marbles weighs
a lot less right now than I thought he
would
well guys only four pounds Mamadou I
hope it turns out peach doesn't need a
cleaning so those two are going to be
the only ones going under pretty well be
next week but they're all getting shots
right now so that's not gonna be fun
we're almost out of here then we're
gonna take them to the dog park reward
them good work boy all right you guys on
the dog park now have some fun yeah is
it fun time let's go dog park all right
so uh we're at the dog park and the dogs
are really really happy
they go I got him in a backpack we had
to get poop samples for tomorrow because
they need stool samples to run tests and
they all went right now so we have them
already so it's really nice but uh they
were clearly really stressed that the
doctors so it was really nice to get him
out here and they're relaxed and happy
now so so it's a good day for them
they're just kind of exploring a little
bit doing dog so he having fun yeah you
ready poop take five times on the way
home we're gonna drop off all the
samples - easy we're not too worried
about it that dog hates me he's gonna
stop barking here's not like Mama's not
the one I know he's not barking I was
like yeah territory Jonathan got it
you're a cute lady she smell
smile yeah good girl
good girl yeah you like the dark part
you're fun PT's you're fun well pretty
now let's go drive your pooper off she's
so free
like this I be carried you have a good
time you look pretty white time you were
very CITIC such a weirdo your life you
like you're a blast today at the dark
park
