what's up guys
I am already is dressed up right now
because we are going out of the house
like leaving
it's Jenna's good friend Rachel's
birthday and we are going to a Lakers
Spurs game because she's a massive Spurs
fan we're already 20 minutes late so
we're right on schedule
and we're gonna head over to their place
have some dinner drinks and then go to
the game which should be a great great
wonderful time I have not been to a
basketball game in many years I've been
to like three UFC fights since I've been
to a basketball game I mean I'm I'm
excited even though I'm not like a fan
it'll be cool plus rachel is a massive
like I said Spurs fan and it's fun to
watch her watch the Spurs
it's me Rachel her boyfriend Jordan and
Jenna and myself I'm excited I'll
dressed up sort of not really just
wearing a jacket and pants and shoes I
don't know how much on my blog we'll see
I'm gonna bring Bloggie
so I'm not walking around with this
fucking thing
so wherever later David halftimes
I have been a bit better at like four
year
I don't even know what
you see that stance look at that
confidence
holding
she is my fucking Queen I love you Brett
her boys and their confidence while she
stands in dark and everyone is
I'm gonna watch out she's like she's
fine
look at that stand like she's holding
your finger not even fucking face
all right games over I think she's happy
yeah I had no skin in this game I was
just rooting for this first as she was
we were just on the Kenai part yeah she
couldn't have it like every time we
walked by she but you know what we've
been to Europe see very never been to a
ball game I think it was I think it was
nice because we didn't have skin in the
game like
it wasn't like a selfie for you we will
keep it chill
and we did and they won and everyone
hates us right now but fuck it anyway it
stocked it was like a really really
crowded game so we are going to go to a
bar like in downtown looking for you
guys we're gonna go to a bar downtown
and wait till the crowds cool and then
we're gonna go back to like their area
do your celebration dance it's free
right all right good morning guys we are
up and Adam Jenna's on the phone and I
have to run to the store to get a few
supplies for shooting stuff so I need to
get a laser pointer and I need to get
chalk and so I'm gonna go to CBS right
now and pick those things up it's for
shooting certain time lapses I want to
have those supplies to help me make them
better I don't know anyway going to get
some chalk and laser pointer just normal
Saturday but I had a blast last night
that was like a really really fun time
for us getting out and hanging out with
with Jenna's friend and it was really
fun a good time once I'm back we have a
couple things to do I think Jenna might
be shooting some stuff today in the
house and stuff so no pretty pretty busy
Saturday but all good I'm gonna run to
the store now
oh shit
there she comes there she comes
guys we had like a fun like normal
people Sunday we we went to Rome and
Collins baby girls first birthday Bowie
it was her first birthday she went to
that party and he was a lot of fun and
then we spent like three hours of mom
came home completely empty cuz Jenna
needs to get an outfit for tomorrow
she's doing this shoot thing and we're
back home and she's currently looking
for stuff that she can wear with stuff
she has it make an outfit for Wednesday
hi because I carry buggy around but I
haven't vlogged today I'm just hanging
out in the bed while we watch America's
Next Top one big step it's actually a
good shot definitely good shot I don't
mind it and it's your vlog man okay you
got it alright guys I'm gonna sit down
and edit this vlog now we got stuff
before bed to get done and then when we
wake up I'll see you guys again it's the
beauty of all this I'll see you guys in
the morning
everyone say goodnight thank you for
watching the weekend vlog it was a fun
weekend for me so I hope it was fun for
you to watch and I'll see you guys in
the next vlog have a good do this
