all right so I'm out on the board right
now one about two and a half miles and I
brought the charger but I think I should
be able to make it really nice day out
anyway
Oh
she
you
Venus is probably trap cut the copy I
just made the friend I've been in this
coffee shop before and the parking
situation is like a nightmare
there's just one Street are gone aside
to break the Main Street and it's always
packed so really pumped I had before
between that on spark and I checked the
odometer I don't even need to turn it
make it back home easily I with no
traction so you sit for the winter I'm
going to cabin eight socialize
Wow that kind of just reminded me of
that YouTube channel called cars and
water where the guy has a red hot nickel
ball and he heats it up and drops on
stuff and at the start of every video
the camera with hands up and you hear
the sound of the difficult that's kind
of with that amount of you
anyway nobody probably knows I'm talking
about back home had a great coffee
meeting with Colin my buddy and honestly
I think we're going to start
conceptualizing something to do together
because I really like I told you
yesterday I want to do something and I
don't know what it is so he's I think
going to be the guy to do it with so
we're getting the ideas going and it's
exciting anyway someone can some chicken
right now for dinner
i order a rice cooker but i was supposed
to get here but I don't know if we get
here at the time necessary to cook rice
for dinner so I might have to have
chicken and something else which is shit
because I like tricking and rest that's
all right
anyway we just recorded Jen's radio show
has a beautiful sunset it's good all
right here's the chicken fresh off the
smoker it's as delicious as it looks
a pair of my favorite shoes just got to
my house I already have two this is my
third and I got this pair because they
were on sale these are the nike met cons
they were the first CrossFit shoe
developed by Nike this was back when I
was really into Olympic weightlifting
which I haven't done in a while because
my shoulders hate it but I'd like to
show you my brand new shoes because I
don't know if you guys notice in the
vlogs and everything I always have my
met comes on the orange ones and the
black and green ones I wear them all the
time
damn I love the red blue maroon color
way if there's still pears there on
rogue fitness I don't know if there's
still any pears but if you guys like met
cons they went on sale like last week
and I was like these are way cheaper
than I bought my other ones for and I
think I love these shoes new shoes so we
were just hanging out watching TV having
a relaxing night and all the sudden
Jenna and Peach and I say both of them
because we saw peach smelling they
smelled a distinct odor coming from the
vent which normally pump pumps out a/c
and heat and it she said it smell like
ass and I went up to the kitchen to
check to see if it was on like the stove
and it wasn't and it was like it was
coming from here she was like yeah
that's definitely gas I turned off the
heater as quick as I could but it looks
like we have a gas leak we don't know
but I mean that's what it looks like
yeah PG was sitting on my lap she was
sleeping she woke herself up nobody had
any food or anything I saw her she was
just doing the thing I've never seen her
wake up to smell something unless all of
a sudden you're eating a bunch of bacon
yeah yeah she turned her head around
looked up in the air cuz I was sitting
with her like this so she turned her
head around and started sniffing like up
there along like peachy why are you
smelling what are you selling and I
started smelling it and it's felt like
cold air crawling down on my face and
smelled like gas sure everything off
we called the emergency gas company and
they the earliest thing comes 8:00 a.m.
yeah like what what if it was a fuck
what if that's a gas leak like you're
telling me no one can come and fucking
help well I think what happened is the
moment at the moment I told her that the
smell went away she was like oh it's not
an emergency
oh okay ladies um but it is pretty
spooky the fact that like we smelled it
went away and we might come back like we
don't know another thing we had the
fireplace going which is terrifying but
we turned everything off it appears
we're safe right now another thing that
was definitely a red flag is the fact
that Jenna said it was cold air and all
we had on is the heat it shouldn't have
been cold there at all whatever's going
on it's something that's not right so
we're gonna we're gonna try to get to
bed and then get up in time for the
SoCal gas people to get up here and
check everything out because we're not
turning on the heat
we're not talking on a fire around doing
anything until they verify we're okay
like hopefully it's nothing
hopefully was just like a weird smile
yeah it's fucking scary when you're
hanging out hanging out hanging out oh
my god is that fucking gas yeah kind of
saved a surgical girl even if it's
nothing I appreciate that you look out
for your family baby and you want mommy
no and you smell something weird you
don't like yeah guys didn't do shit they
really did it
kind of a weird rocky end to our very
very relaxing night we've just been
sitting here watching this entire season
of MasterChef and uh like I said it
appears we're okay for the moment being
that's Ascalon they get it up to you
guys if we're gonna we're gonna wake up
early for the gas people because uh
they're coming at eight to noon they're
like fucking Comcast at eight to noon
yeah
when Julian was like per say go seven
and I'm like it's like 1:30 right in
time for you late so we're like we can
you come now yeah we have a long-ass day
tomorrow so we need a sleep some she's
like all right how about eight to twelve
I'm like this one a time lady it's a
window I think she stopped taking the
matter seriously when I told her we
didn't smell it anymore but so what I'm
supposed to do just never turn on the AC
I don't know I mean come on I think
she's just following protocol but it's
just so pretty annoying
well nice if she gave us like some
information about what we can do in the
time well she said as long as it she
said just make sure the thermostats all
the way off no fires on she did a
Shermie but at the same time it's like
what if we just smell it again like it
freaks us out so this is scary we're
going to get to bed we're okay though
we're fine and we're going to wake up
and try to get this thing all sorted out
so we don't have to worry anymore
obviously like Jenna said we have a busy
day tomorrow so we'll try to get some
sleep and and then get up in time good
morning friends I just woke up and
uh I was up for about two hours I woke
up like 8:30 and it's almost 10:30 now
in the ass guys here so he is upstairs
working he just had me turn on the heat
for him to test it out but uh oh that
all right well we found the problem and
it's not what the vent it's with the
fireplace we have a gas fireplace of
this at this house and basically there's
like you know fake wooden there and
there's a gas line and you light it and
it's supposed to produce like a flame
but the flame is either supposed to be
blue or orange it's never supposed to be
yellow if it's yellow that means not all
the gas is being burned properly and if
you let it go on long enough it could
produce carbon monoxide and poison
everyone in the house so it's really
fucking good that we caught this right
now there's like soot on the fake wood
which is a pretty big red flag you can
see it right there I mean there's not
supposed to be anything on the wood it's
like gas fireplace we're not touching
this until it's fixed apparently it was
installed improperly which is not the
first time that's something always
installed improperly in this fucking
house
I hate renting so much anyway we're
gonna we're gonna get this sorted off
and get on with our fucking day we got a
we got a podcast and do a million other
things and now we we know we just
narrowly avoided something really bad so
thank God we caught it but it still suck
I'm gonna go I gotta put this together
setting it up thanks for watching have a
good weekend
you
you
