morning guys I'm up a secret spot that I
found I really really enjoy
it's like solitaire up here and it's
high up you can see both sides you can
see the water you can see the valley
it's like a beautiful day the sky is
looking great but I came up here to
shoot time-lapses but you know I
realized that I go quite a bit of places
for the sole purpose of shooting stuff
for the vlog initially all I wanted to
do is you know make my vlogs visually
interesting you know have something in
them that weren't just me talking to you
or well just what I was doing with my
day more of just like anyone could watch
it and they didn't have to know me or
know what a vlog was to appreciate it
and I mean I'm so deep into shooting
time lapses and shooting shooting things
that I find and then putting it together
it's been such an amazing like self
learning experience you know but I think
it's really great that I go like all
these places you know I find different
places I like to shoot for
now when I Drive places my mind works
like that would be a cool place to shoot
or whatever but I go these places in a
shoot and it's great but I also like get
to go to these places and that might
then I sound kind of ridiculous like I'm
just up here by myself but it's kind of
nice that I get to like have the time
that I'm spending doing that because
there's so many places there's so many
different random turns that I would have
made in random spots close to home far
from home wherever that I would never
have made if I ever gonna shoot
something and it's uh it's kind of cool
to me and I'm just really excited ah and
I wanted you know I love the vlog so I
want to keep doing them obviously you
guys know that I want to do this for the
long haul but I'm interested in doing
something that's kind of just like
primarily that stuff I don't know I have
no idea what it is you know I'm not even
sure it exists yet
which is an interesting thought when you
want to do something but you don't know
if it exists and you're not quite sure
exactly what it is but you know I might
be like like a hybrid of things that
already exist in the world anyway I was
a hummingbird I'm gonna wait for the Sun
to set and then I'm gonna head back home
and probably be Jenna's PA for the day
it's been another cloudy day but but
obviously really nice just kind of
sweater weather I trained this morning
felt good and I got some sleep last
night which is great I just been kind of
doing the normal thing and then I came
out here to shoot some stuff and it's
been really nice I saw like a hawk
earlier and it was it was like chasing
something and it looks incredible but my
lens wouldn't have got it my lens is to
live for that we're just taking it up
there if you guys have your like special
spots you know what this is like
especially when no one's here but
someone comes up here and they're just
like
just in your way you're like hey man
this is my special spot find your own
but no one's here so we don't have a
problem all right so it's a bit later
now and it's looking like we got a
pretty great sunset on our hands it's
turned into one it started off pretty
mediocre and and blend but the clouds
moved in and and there's also this giant
cloud on top so if you can see it
there's like a formation of thin clouds
right by the Sun and then on top there's
a really dark gray cloud and contrasting
it looks really really nice but it's
kind of turned into quite the sunset
which is really nice because I didn't
expect to get a good one you can see the
clouds on top of the ocean and it's
really far away the little vlog camera
vlog is great like a secret great zoom I
mean the quality is not great when you
zoom out Barbara you can see those
clouds that are sitting above the Santa
Monica water all the way from the top of
the valley which is incredible I'd
really love to get like a telephoto lens
from a good camera so we could look that
far and have it not be grainy and shaky
but it's really cool from here you can
see all those clouds anyway speaking of
the little camera it's gonna die in a
second so I'm gonna finish up here and
head back home all right you guys I'm
back home and I just had some dinner I
fed myself and it was good I had some
chicken pot pie the one I bought at the
store you guys watch me buy that and and
some vegetables and I wanted to show you
guys what's gonna happen next
lately Jen and I have been cooking
homemade meals for the dogs just to
treat them because they have dog food
all the time and it's kind of nice to
make him happy you know they love food
so much so we looked up some recipes and
found some stuff that they really like
it's really good for them and we
basically cooked a bunch of meals in
bulk and so now for the next couple days
last couple of days we've been feeding
that in these meals so they know when
it's dinner time that it's time to party
so I wanted to show you marble you guys
wanna have some dinner
Bobby you wanna Bible you want some
dinner
okay I was wrong he literally does not
give a single can't see Kermit
okay.come you want some dinner you want
to have dinner oh I got my was attention
nap marble has a sideways derp tongue he
looks like beans are you beans
yes want some dinner so these are the
bags we've precooked um we'll feed him
this one right now
Oh somebody knows it's dinner time
yeah you ready for your home-cooked meal
mommy and daddy wanted to cook you some
special stuff so you'll have to eat the
crap all the time you want it all right
ma belle doesn't sit so he can have his
first there you go buddy you have some
done Carmen PT a little more for the
Iggy's there we go they're happy dogs
now happy dogs I got to admit when Jenna
thought of doing this I kind of laughed
I was like why would me home cooking
meals for them there you have food but
it doesn't make sense you know like a
lot of people who cook their their
Bedard meals all the time and they just
love it you know I'm just letting the
dogs outside now but we are getting
going on Jenna's video I'm gonna set up
a shot soon and we're gonna get filming
but dogs are happy I'm happy
have you dad have you day all right we
got the shot set up and we're gonna film
right now good Molly
block block oh moly I'm still on camera
I'm a lock them away out of the block
I'm a lie you're really cute all right
we are we are finishing the video and
getting ready to close out the day but
it was a good video and good day really
good day and have you guys enjoyed the
vlog thank you for watching and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
