good morning everyone
I am just returning home from training
and that is all my face looks like a
strawberry it's the same colors it's
wonderful Jersey back here and look at
this guys this is the half-assed thing
that I never did before because I had a
full thing and now I'm doing a
half-assed thing because I haven't half
ass hair except I like it this is for
training keep the hair out of my face
but it's also just kind of nice to not
have to do my hair sometimes but anyway
about my hair enough of that I got home
and it's just me in the dogs right now
Jenna is out with Rome doing stuff that
she has to do so today I'm gonna have a
couple hours to just get some stuff done
aka vlog a little bit do some work on
the computer and then probably nap
because I went to bed later than any
human should and I've been doing that
pretty regularly lately you guys know
we're on like a weird schedule just it's
like perpetually weirder and weirder
every day that we go to sleep late so
trying to just keep up I think it's all
about just like accepting it and like
adapting to it so like you need to take
a nap you take a nap but I might take
the dogs for a walk might take them out
and do something like that cuz they're a
bit Restless hope you guys are doing
well hope your week is going well
and I need to get some protein out
trying to put this down right now but
I'm like struggling like the last thing
I want to do is just chug all this
protein because it's like too soon after
training like I need to wait a little
while cuz right now I feel like I can't
take anything down know what that feels
like but then it once you get it down it
feels better
so peach as you guys know is pretty
naughty she's a naughty girl but she's
good for the most part she just gets
naughty when we're not around for
extended hours because we spoil her with
attention all the time and her thing
lately has been to take my protein
shakers cuz I I'm really bad about
leaving them around the house also with
like the remnants of protein shake in it
so it tastes and smells good to her like
it you know it smells like vanilla
protein or peanut but whatever it is so
that attracts her so her thing lately
has been to take it into her bed I would
find it when I get home I think I've
said this before and do
that to it so she chews up like the
mouth area so it doesn't close anymore
things broken
and I'm not even joking you this is the
fifth one
she's chewed up so I'm I've one left
I've one shaker left and I'm gonna need
to really be more of an adult about
putting my protein shakers away because
I'm she's like legit like the best
parent ever the moment I leave my
around the house she chews it up so
teaches me not to leave my around
the house that's like a crazy it's a
crazy thought she's like the best
parents ever peachy thank you so I told
you guys all about how am i smoke er
that I bought from Home Depot didn't
work at first and I had to wait like
almost two weeks to get it working
because the put one part was broken off
the shelf which sucked but why I
recommend Trager so much is because they
they reached out and they really made it
right like they sent me the fixed part
right away on top of that I received
today a bunch of bags of pellets and
when you use a wood pellet smoker it's
like propane it's basically the the
thing that fuels to the grill and they
go about it really fast they have a
bunch different flavors and they sent me
guys home look at what they sent me they
they saw my blog and they felt really
really bad so they did this they made it
right so I really appreciate it and I
can't recommend trigger as a brand of
smoker enough I know not everyone here
is looking to buy a smoker but if you
are consider trigger because this type
of customer service is something that
keeps lifelong customers now I have to
decide what pellets someone use coz
cherry pellets I don't know what to cook
with that maybe just everything now that
we have logos for our gaming channel on
twitch in our podcast you guys have seen
our new logos our you know our profiles
and stuff new avatars I wanted to the
first thing I want to do is get stickers
because I really just love stickers I
put stickers on everything this is our
podcast sticker right here which looks
awesome and there may really well we
only have like a test sample amount
right now because this is just like the
first order we want to see how they came
out but maybe if you guys are interested
we can either sell them or do giveaways
or something where we can get you these
stickers because really fun and then
this is the gaming logo sticker so I'm
like putting these everywhere I put it
on the laptop gaming laptop
everything all right so I'm running a
speed test right now because our
internet last night was the bed
during the Twitter stream it absolutely
was just not working I think we were
being throttled by our internet provider
and we were hitting like 60 download and
like for upload so let's see what we got
today and of course it's back to 20 see
that's like close to normal 20 upload is
what we should have and last night we
couldn't even stream on Twitch because
it was so low it was like 5 and look at
that 22 ah if you guys have ever been
throttled by your internet provider you
know what this feels like but that was
the first time we really really got
throttled like hard
we went from 20 to upload and 94
download to like 5 upload and like 50 to
60 download it's horrible so hopefully
that'll be fixed I think they might try
to stream again tonight because we
totally it up last night Todd
throttling is such crap I did a test
twittering right now and uh because the
internet wasn't working last night it's
working now and people are here hanging
out so they want to say hi so this is
all the twitch fam and shout out to just
wait
shout out to Jen Jenna Jenna Sal in
genesee Lynn for subscribing right now
they're all saying what up what up
twitch fam I just let the other team
score again we suck yay I'm just kidding
out of the grocery store right now cuz I
had to pick up some stuff we're like out
of food at least for like normal meals
we have snacks but uh
trying to be good so I need to go
shopping so I got some stuff and now I
am going to the post office to drop some
packages
speaking of packages look what I did
today about all the peel back stop what
up guys so right now I'm preparing
dinner and I'm smoking outside which is
why I'm wearing this it makes it really
easy to see the food I've been wanting
to make these burgers where I stuff a
little bit of cheese inside them and
then smoke them and tonight I'm gonna do
that except I'm gonna do it with turkey
because I'm trying to be on a diet I'm
trying to really like heat right that's
what's on the girl right now and then I
got some stuff to cook for Jenna which
is like some substitute vegan me and
stuff so that will be going on I'm gonna
show you guys what I'm working with here
we got five of the turkey burgers that I
made with a little bit of goat cheese
inside they're seasoned I made it by
hand and then right here about to go on
is Jenna's vegan patty and sausage all
right so that's what we got on the
smoker right now hopefully we'll use up
the rest of these hickory pellets which
are in this mug right now so that on the
next smoke I can try some of the new
pills we got today but that's us for
dinner by the way I just took a nap I
woke up a little bit ago from like an
hour long to happen
it felt so incredible
I probably feel me when when I say that
properly timed nap can make just perfect
difference in your day alright guys
that's it for the vlog thank you for
watching we actually did two twists
rooms today and they were both I had so
much fun but I'll see you guys tomorrow
for next vlog peaches just tucked away
talked away and my girlfriend tucked
away over there she's tucked away I love
you guys who wants
