yo it is a Friday night and yeah it's
this time now oh that's kind of weird
yeah so Jenna had this brilliant idea I
think you found it on Pinterest right
girl anyway she found this recipe and
it's made with fresh grapefruits and
it's fresh simple syrup fresh thyme
fresh everything and it's what do you
call what's name it what do we call it
it's it's a great fruit cocktail and she
of course Nativity knows and this is
what it looks like it's incredible no
but the rim is like sugar and grapefruit
rind oh it's just amazing it's amazing
so we're all enjoying our our grapefruit
Friday Friday grapefruit great Friday
and not only are we doing this
but we have a special treat made by gabs
which we are going to have soon and it
is this let's see what we got here
well in this Tupperware container we
have vodka soaked gummy bears and in
this Tupperware container we have
tequila-soaked County Paris okay so this
is good time ruin your fucking night so
that there's vodka in these guys fuck
it's like my favorite drink I've ever
had like really I'm so light like in
refreshing and delicious
alright alright then this is this is
what we can I'm gonna talk I was gonna
leave I'll give horrible bus okay
alright so this is uh here we got the
gummy bears right here and it's made
with vodka I can only assume Cheetos
this is me with Cheetos Lima Tito's it's
watermelon if you make this make it with
Tito's she made with watermelon vodka
but I'm gonna put it next to the Tito's
okay everything I read said a flavored
vodka would be that to pretend that she
made it right I'm just kidding you're
the here it is right here so we're gonna
try it you guys should try it the black
ones yeah Jenna apparently these are not
vegan
they have gelatin hygienic and this is
soaked in vodka priority yes sir Cheers
wait that's gonna get me drunk oh I'm
serious that's in quick taste so good
genocide survivor so done Thank You gasp
ah fair this is what it looks like
they're really good I mean anytime you
get gummies like wet it hardens in the
mouth yeah but you barely taste of our
cat yeah I'm feeling meeting drunk I'm
jogging I was gonna be good night all
right
fast-forward to the morning I am waking
up and heading over to my buddy's house
to watch Patriots game Patriots are
playing the chief stay for the
divisional round and I'm going to watch
it at a friend of Mines house these
friends of mine I grew up with I played
baseball with they were like my best
friends all grown up and I'm team in a
while it's gonna be really exciting to
reunite with them so I'm gonna have a
fun day seeing my old friends and
watching some football
I'll be back here when I'm done later in
the afternoon but I'm getting up before
everyone else so I can go do that my
brother's coming over and then we're
going to go over there together I had a
great time last night and I'm excited
about today should he should be another
fun day and go
Pat's gm0 knows all right so we're over
it Thomas house this is my buddy tower
hey what's going on one of the brothers
the other brothers up there I was
something about Oh playing bocce ball
like extreme bocce so the balls all the
way and they're all the way on top of
the balcony and we I'm the king of bocce
I already destroyed entirely I suck but
so Lizabeth happen they're coming really
going
I forget that's a good haul well that's
a great ball right here I know I know
yeah we're back home chilling me and the
Marlin how do you guys like seeing him
in the vlog so here's him in the vlog we
are we've just been hanging out like we
had dinner and we've been kind of
kicking it ever since we got back from
Scott and Tyler's house today which was
a blast lights please go on anyway we're
going to go out on a night adventure
right now you guys know how we like
those we're going out to find stars to
find spots to look at stars and then
whatever else it takes our attention
tonight ot we're married that's a TV oh
yeah alright so we went up to these
hills up in the valley where we like to
go hiking during the day and we know
that it's a good vantage point to get
away from light because we want to shoot
at nighttime time-lapse that was like
our idea for the adventure so we go up
there and I started this time-lapse and
it's looking beautiful
this is what it looked like and I only
got like a couple frames of it because
then this cop came up to some park
ranger even though we weren't in a part
we were literally on a public property
on a street just literally on the side
of the road
and he kicked us out he said you guys
gonna go and so I was like okay and I
started packing up the camera and as I
was packing on the camera he says you
guys got to go right now like I wasn't
already leaving and then I said excuse
me sir but is there any other place
around here where we're allowed to shoot
and he's just stayed in this car didn't
say anything to me like I'm sure he
didn't even hear me and he just
threatened me with the ticket afterwards
like I just don't understand the
hostility it's not even really about the
time last time out something cool that's
great but just frustrating when you're
treated with such hostility when I don't
even know what I did I was just there
now we're in the supermarket trying to
find stuff for Jenna to make herself
some vegan baked this aisle has a
wonderful selection of different frozen
foods and if you want to know what they
have just look up on the sign right here
all of that oh guys I forgot to close
the vlog the last clip you saw but I
wanted a closer walk say thank you guys
for watching hope you're diggin the new
haircut cuz it's a different day now and
I got my hair cut but I got to put this
together so I can get it up for you guys
thank you for watching I will see you
tomorrow
you
