good morning happy Friday for you it'll
probably be a little more close to the
evening but good day or whatever I am in
my car right now this is not an illusion
I'm really in my car and I'm going over
to finally see Star Wars we're going to
meet with Jason and and we're gonna
watch towers he's already seen at once
and I'm gonna see it for my first time
which I'm very excited for he actually
and gabs came over last night and we did
like a party stream on Twitch which was
really really fun I have to say last
night we streamed on Twitch it was the
most fun I've ever had streaming I'm
just like so happy because like Rosie
you have been on twitched leading up to
last night or you know throughout the
beginning stages of our twitch channel
it was shitty and like it took a while
to get somewhere and last night I feel
like we really hit another level and it
was amazing felt great so that was
awesome
we stayed up late so once again Julie
did not get a lot of sleep but Jillian
makes these choices that gets them in
these situations and he lives with these
consequences also a lot of you guys are
wondering like why I'm wearing a hat
after I just got my hair cut it's like a
perpetual like half hair like wear my
hat one day but the Hat hair is there a
shower wake up and then
like knock-kneed again I just put a hat
on it's just laziness but I also really
like wearing hats and when I had long
hair I can really wear a lot of hats
because the hair didn't fit knit hats it
to me anyway
that's not relevant the movie starts at
1:00 it's only 12:00 right now and I'm
rushing over to Jason's area to try to
get a quick time-lapse because there's
cool clouds above his building so
hopefully we can get something and drop
Batman we'll see what we can do
Star Wars today very excited those
clouds up there in the top right hand
corner those are what we're after
it's a solid bunch it's I don't know if
it's moving away or towards us but it's
definitely moving we are going for that
cloud hopefully we'll get some of it but
we are in order to do that we gotta
hurry
all right so I with Jason we are we're
off to the theater and now wanna see
Star Wars what happened is we got to the
Cajuns place and we saw the best vantage
point from from his balcony about Alex
call it belts so I set up the camera and
it's time-lapse in a nice slow long one
so we can just leave it there
and head off to see the movie this where
we go hopefully it's it's a good one
because it'll have a lot of movement
because it's gonna be up there for two
hours but you know what now it's Star
Wars alright so there's no one in this
theater except for some weird guy
dancing over there but this whole
theater is empty and that guy is excited
that's fuck right now because he's about
to see Star Wars with us this is dope
time to see Star Wars
we just got out of the movie my review
of Star Wars is yes that's not a whole
review I like it yeah it was Jason's
second time but this is absolutely
incredible awesome experience and I'm
glad Jesus dragged my accident here
because I ran out of I would not have
gone so anyway got some coffee and then
gonna head back home we have a podcast
tonight if you haven't done it this week
and then see what's up with Jenna and
see what's up with the evening
but I heading home now so I'm home now
and there was a package on my hair look
at that be like that complete mess
there's a package waiting for me at the
door that I didn't order and uh it is
this sweater it is really really awesome
this is LTA and it's tents for live the
adventure and it is a clothing brand
made by fun for Louie the youtuber who
we recently became friends with when he
was in LA and we were hanging out with
him and Jesse and Jeana and he sent me
an L th sweater and Jenna that one it's
really cool we had Louie here and the
package was addressed to jenna Marbles
some like how did someone get my address
but it was cuz Lilly came here and then
Cynthia says like what is sweet like
wonderful surprise Louie this is really
nice of you and I really appreciated it
so much you're so wonderful yeah Louie
thanks a lot man I appreciate it these
are super comfortable I watched your
vlog I'm just like talking to Louie now
I watched I watched Louie's vlog when he
was doing his photo shoot for us because
this is a new clothing line he just came
out with and I was like dang those are
some sweet designs so thank you very
much this is awesome we're gonna keep
warm and these awesome new live the
adventure sweaters leave the adventure
guys boom we are getting close to
podcast we were gonna go in there record
the podcast bust it out and then and
then and then we're kind of free of work
for the week so that's the last bit of
stuff we have to take care of before we
can actually call it the weekend but
we're gonna get started on that soon
which is good I'm actually waiting on
another package to come as a birthday
present for my sister so that's gonna
get here and then we'll be able to
record the podcast we have a pretty
chill topic we're going to talk about
tonight so I'll be good I just wanna say
thank you guys for watching the vlog
because I really appreciate it and
started the blog was late today I just
want to get it up now as soon as I can
get up as fast as my hair is gonna just
obey me right now all right
gotta get up really fast but I
appreciate you guys watching I hope you
are wonderful weekend and I'll see you
guys next week for the next vlog and
I'll see you on Monday for the twist
stream thank you for watching
later guys
you
