what's up guys so today I'm gonna shoot
on vlog II because we were using Batman
to shoot Jenna's video it is already
nighttime basically today was spent
editing and uploading yesterday's vlog
and the reason it took so goddamn long
is because I decided with this brilliant
brain of mine to do it in 4k I wanted to
shoot the whole thing in 4k and uploaded
in 4k just because it was what I wanted
to do and with my computer and with most
computers 4k is a bitch and it's hard to
edit because it takes up tons of space
and it writes slower and it's just it's
very long and uploading too so I took
time to do that and then I spent like
probably three hours on our twitch
overlay I know I talked about twitch a
lot but I'm just like really juiced on
it right now I'm like super excited at
which overlay for those now it's
basically when you're watching the
twitch stream like a live stream or
someone playing games it's how it looks
it's like the border the font the border
around their camera you know things
popping up shit like that and I've been
working with someone who's helping me
make it and not only you have to get
made you have to like install it and you
know put the code where it needs to go
so it's all very new stuff for me but I
spent a lot of time doing that day and
honestly I'm learning a lot which is
pretty cool
and now it's time to street Jenna's
video so she's upstairs getting ready we
had a little brainstorming
writing session earlier and she's got a
fun idea so we're gonna do it this is
the setup fairly basic basic basic basic
we're gonna get going on that relatively
soon which is nice because you know we
run early actually anyway for dinner
though I am you guessed it smoking I'm
smoking some chicken wings on the
Traeger out there by the way guys if
you're thinking about getting a smoker
get a trigger not only is it just like a
fantastic machine but their customer
service has gone so far above and beyond
where they needed to and I can just so
appreciate companies that do that
yes I'm cookin some chicken wings so
it'll probably last me like two days so
they cooked a big batch a big king batch
good joke Julian
you shut the fuck up Julian oh it's
terrible anyway I'll get back to you
guys in a bit
when we're shooting or Don shooting or
something I guess whatever else I I feel
like you guys need to know you will know
why are you doing what's wrong with you
huh you getting a little hyper hyper
hyper so funny she's just like gets
these bursts of energy and she'll be
upstairs playing with Kermit but when
she's bored so it just comes sprinting
down the stairs to come see me and be
like dad what do you got for you what do
you got you got a toy you got some
treats what the fuck man what do you got
for me just off the walls right now
you're off the wall okay now just a
little peach update that's just a peach
update to speech update now I'm gonna go
around the house cleaning up lacroix
cans so why don't we just have a count
because it's gonna be ridiculous
alright so five I guess it's not bad but
they're already a ton in there so the
addiction is real a little sneak peek at
dinner get amazing is that year I just
saw you touch all those wings
and you're not gonna give him to me face
what makes you so entitled to my wings I
want to know
punchy tell daddy what you did to
deserve all of his food oh wait you're
adorable yes you deserve success is like
a public bathroom you need a key to get
in and that key is me
peach why are you so excited well I
think I might know all right so one of
these places for tonight and one of them
is for maybe two other meals but I
haven't really eaten much all day so I'm
starving so I'm gonna eat while you
watch me and I might give you some
scraps you love baby time to fuck up
some wing comas so the videos getting
uploaded that is done and I ate my wings
which I was equally as important now I'm
gonna cook something for Jenna she
hasn't eaten because she's been working
on the video and then we're gonna watch
some TV before a little bit because we
did good on time and then actually I
think I want to show you what I've been
working on on the twitch channel because
it's kind of dope
anyway I'm gonna cook some food now for
the girlfriend all right this is Jenna's
like signature vegan breakfast sandwich
cooked and now it's being toasted so
this is our twitch chat room right now
and it's all filled up with me spamming
it because I'm testing our overlay and
our overlay is right here this is what
our overlay it looks like wow you guys
have heard that before
this is what like this screen would look
like the black area would obviously be
the game we're playing and let me show
you what it looks like when people
comment the comments pop-up right there
but only three of them that's part of
the overlay so it's live comments just
like in the chat room and then up here
there is a alert setting so when people
donate when people follow or sub that's
what happens pretty cool right so I'm
just testing that right now and then
down here is a ticker I'm still working
on the background for this but that's
the ticker for the top donation so we
just did a test donation of $1.00 to see
if it would work but I'm really excited
about it because I really wanted to have
a good overlay for our channel so it
looked good and people could watch it
and have a good time watching it and
it's exciting it's not boring and it
seems like we got that so that's
exciting that's what I'm working on for
hours today but we're going to finish
that and then we're gonna watch some TV
and lay low for a bit
alright I'm just sitting down the edit
the blog right now and and then turn in
for a night but thank you for watching
the blog and I was kind of a busy day
wasn't a closed blog I appreciate it and
I will see you guys in the next one
probably wearing my hat the same way too
well thank you
