good morning friends it is an absolutely
beautiful day
all that rain and overcast weather last
week is cleared up it's gone El Nino has
passed it looks like and it is an
absolutely beautiful day sun is shining
I got to ride my booster board this
morning just returned from training when
I make myself a meal right now guys
here's the deal I woke up I went to bed
at like 3:30 4 o'clock and then I woke
up at 6 to let peach outside and when I
woke up I couldn't go back to sleep for
an hour because I was thinking of eating
one specific meal I don't know if you
guys have done that or if you randomly
have a craving at the worst possible
time I stayed up for a whole hour
thinking of Howard make it however taste
and that thing is buffalo chicken wrap
and I smoked a bunch of chicken last
night on the smoker and what I'm going
to do now is I'm going to create myself
a buffalo chicken wrap because it's so
necessary I'm literally woken myself up
from it so that's what I'm going to do
hungry from training I'm really eat much
I had oatmeal this morning but anyway I
hope your day is going well we've
recently discovered this thing where
when we're done with the kitchen if we
clean it we don't have to really do a
giant clean every week we can just kind
of maintain it hey you know what
everyone learns that a different time
and everyone forgets it a different time
and then
I'm gonna go eat my Volvo
all right it's not pretty but we got it
done I'm going to eat my mommy came over
hi mom
hi oh and honey's here too this is a
little honey bear honey do they so my
mom came over and we're gonna cook some
dinner
we're actually were already in the
process I haven't had my mama for a
while so this is really nice and she
brought honey and little puppy girl
yeah vlog Jen is in heaven right now
anyway we are gonna smoke what are you
smoking monotone we're making smoked
Brussels sprouts and what no press will
sprout what's skewers there we go
Brussels sprout skewers you want to see
them one a little special yeah all right
is the Brussels sprout skewers we're
making this is a my idea don't let my
mom take credit right here so these are
invited for everything on skewers and
we're gonna put them in this smoker to
get that flavor dough and then over here
Jun is reducing some balsamic to put on
here and then over here my mom make some
guacamole
squawk them away we have other topics
here because we are also having black
bean tacos black bean tacos and uh what
what are those again Brussels sprouts
skewers so yeah we're just having a
little family night and cooking and
cooking but so much family it looks
delicious
Oh give you my word that it also spoke
delicious too so dinner is ready we have
finalized smoked Brussels sprouts and
some vegan Parmesan on top over here we
got a cheese is regular cheese from a
cow not regular cheese not from a cow we
have our tortillas not ready yet there's
the cute one Oh what are you doing what
kind of trick are you doing over here
they're not the same sides but it's okay
anymore like that and then you would
whoa it's really cool like build-a-bear
on top of black beans on the tacos this
is jazz being sorry made from cashews
nominee my dinner - we're gonna eat
family dinner family dinner then we do
my final products this is my plate for
tacos and a skewer are we going to
emotional Roshan oh you have any tickets
but I want to you know I fucking love me
twenty one pilots MOFA good pork hello
pork this is tough rock it's me fight me
yeah
King Julian finishes funny Starbucks
look you know really like go on the
bathroom code was 1738 that's funny okay
wasn't even that funny I'm a bad
storyteller sometimes so it might have
been my delivery that ruined it you know
what you should do fine
fine by me oh my god pork pork pork
queen is pork queen I in the poor Queen
show us your uh Moffitt's
it was nightmare field house mock
relevant he died no she didn't she
uploaded some really truly videos on her
channel of like her just falling down or
was it her no no mr. pinky we doing a
play new toy you had a fun day for dogs
didn't you
you had a little playdate yeah you look
leading
guys we just uh streamed on Twitch
because we're like obsessed with it uh
and it was a lot of fun we played shift
happens which is this fun steam game oh
that needs to get deleted we're
discovering that periscopes now start
live in twitter feeds and Jenna just did
one to test it out but the stream
tonight was so much fun we had a great
group of people got well goofy played
some games test out little power when
you overlay yeah just the normal thing
but we are now just chillin I actually
took a nap for about what like two hours
I went off I guess I got shit sleep last
night I told you guys this morning I was
up early this morning thing about food
so I couldn't sleep and then I had
training so I couldn't had to wake up so
I'm feeling a lot better I'll make it to
the end of the night now but Jenna just
decided she needed Fig Newtons so I
think we I think we might go on a big
noon adventure we can go on a cig
venture let's go on a fig venture or be
fun it'll be fun and if you don't want
to do it you can fight me you didn't see
it but I presume
I saw you zoom I love how like on this
camera you don't see we don't see
anything this is the lens
it's just how it should be so
post-production is the only production
trying to wear Ralph's also there is the
Fig Newton palace by me I called it that
and I picked out some of these
gluten-free pot pies because you never
know when you're going to need a quick
meal and they go in the freezer and they
taste really good at that we're cooking
like that you know the frozen aisle
where there's like that natural sign you
have any like beginning gluten-free meal
but we can possibly have because
sometimes you just want to go to the
grocery store late at night and move
around and see what you find
it just makes the night adventurous and
food all right so this brand of bread
has a little tagline that says just
slice and toast but what the fuck else
are you supposed to do its brand so we
went to the store we got snacks made
them hmm and they were wonderful it's
all wide Jenna made herself a pretty
epic vegan breakfast it was so watch
pretty good but we are we're exhausted
as lay through bed when you're dead but
you want to go to mobile you want to go
to bed it's dead time was bad anyway
thank you guys for watching see you guys
tomorrow bye we're gonna start making
our doggy some homemade dog food yeah
okay so guys I don't like when you run
out of food and then you just you suck
about it please talk about anyway it's
five five five but hey hey hey hello
