there's been nothing but cloudy skies
all week in LA and it's I can't remember
the last time it looked like this so
it's a real nice change of pace
all right today I'm all the way in
Burbank because I got to bring my baby
drone in to get all fixed up I need some
repairs done on it because basically on
the last LMT
in South Carolina during one of my
flights the drone detected kind of a
massive gust of wind which caused it to
like jerk back and in doing that it kind
of snapped off the piece that holds the
propeller on one of the motors so it's a
small repair but I can't fly it unless I
get it fixed so I'm bringing it into DJI
they're gonna get me all fixed up
because they always take care of me so
this is what we got to do today
fix this thing in about five minutes you
fucking take care of me man these dad
takes care of me cause they're getting
darker
who are you crying and you see it's
bedtime weather now it's bedtime weather
you just like to lay in this weather
remember that why why why are you
hitting me why do you hit me she hit me
no community of a weirdo no stay stay
you little squirm they squirm
they squirm it's bedtime day this is
bedtime weather better stay in bed
what are you doing it they what's on
your agenda do you have a phone call do
you have a business meeting
when it gets cold she has one thing on
her mind and that is warm up even though
it's not cold it's like modder in here
yes but it's a functional mess do you
guys ever have like messes in your
workspace or house or room where it's
not as bad as it looks
it's a functional mess meaning it's
messy but it works even if everything
isn't in its exact proper place you know
where most things are and you can
function with it like for instance all
these drives over here these shouldn't
be just laying out on the desk
they should be piled up up in that drive
bin but I know where they are so it
works this is me just rationalizing not
having to clean anyway today is a day
full of phone calls I have a phone call
at 12:00 p.m. 5:30 p.m. and 6:00 p.m.
it's written up there so I didn't forget
I also as thinking about going through
some of the eat play love footage and
making an extra as a video of that all
the outtakes and I'm curious to see if
you guys would be interested in that
because we have a fair bit of goofs
recorded that could be a fun I don't
know video let me know though
check this out mm-hmm don't talk to me
or my son ever again you be defiant her
cake is going to who's not calling her
that's peaches kink it's going to who's
not calling her at the moment
are you overwhelmed okay go to snake
won't you listen it's a momentous
occasion today in the household of Jenna
and Julian because the fire is on and
it's like the best time of year now
right we wait all year to have it be
cold enough to turn the fire on and this
week it's been all cloudy and cool and
today Jenna finally pulled the trigger
turn the sambar alright I wonder why
let's Merry Christmas
marry Chrysler based on Hanukkah with an
age or I see an age I don't know why
people saw it with a see it's an age hey
hey
no tickling your you can't tickle your
husband why did I get one you don't care
about loving you just want to dude what
this video is ridiculous dude we're just
a couple of editing boys well the boys
we edit we do stuff we do stuff I do
stuff more than work like there and then
you do stuff on that more like this just
were the boys who do stuff you don't
discover the boys it's completely fine
but if you don't we know about it we
know about it Pete you wanna be one of
the boys yeah come on get in you're on
the boy's bed Jenna and Jenna bought me
a gift and it just came in the mail all
right our favorite show in the world
lately is on tonight it's still horrible
but Chris and Shannon snake are leaving
us to run a Blizzcon yeah they're
leaving us yeah they don't care about
you what they're abandoning us tonight
you guys are at Blizzcon look for them
and harass them please please harass
them
