good morning everyone we are up and Adam
got some sleep feeling good but it's
another really busy day Jenna is
currently doing her serious show and I
am getting ready to run out for a couple
errands
Jim going to the tailor get some
tailored and hopefully I will be back in
time to record the show that's a plan
but I got to get going soon in order to
do that I just want to say hi it's going
to be kind of busy I'll try to do with
me really glad you guys are receiving
Jenna's video yesterday well because uh
I thought it was really funny and
light-hearted I mean it's not supposed
to be a political statement it's just
kind of like a funny video goofy service
value type thing I just realize are
really blown out because Jenna use this
camera last don't learn the way the gym
right now and the clouds look absolutely
insane today I want to be time lapsing
it but I have a bunch of shotgun Dale
and uh my my windshield wipers on it's
not raining what's going on car I don't
know if you guys have cars that have
like estimated miles remaining in a tank
but if you do and you're low it's
incredibly nerve-racking mine has 13
miles left except one bar and one of the
Jim and I'm hopping on the freeway and I
know like I'll make it there but I'm
also wondering like is it even accurate
like is it really telling me 13 miles or
is it just giving me a precaution it's
really like 20 miles anyway
I'll be brave I will get there crazy day
huh guys crazy day really quick just
look at those clouds though I mean
they're everywhere over there in front
of me love these puns so I am
parked upstairs at the gym which I'd
never do because they have a parking lot
underground but what I'm thinking
happened because it's closed
is that it was flooded that's the only
explanation I think they could have were
it out there's a lot of flooding going
on in LA and underground spots like that
are like perfect spot that would be
flooded
so hopefully the gym didn't get flooded
because the gym is downstairs - I don't
even care for this flood I'll still go
in there and lift man go say it
look at all
alright I'm finished with the workout
they're pretty short but good have this
like tightness in my forearm it's been
really limiting me lately super
frustrating
anytime I grip something it's just like
fires up so I cut the workout a little
short but got a few reps in and I'm
headed off to the tailor the tough crowd
in this parking lot is right now so many
cars all right this is what I like to
call my best impression of Joe Rogan for
any of you guys who follow Joe Rogan
like on social media you know he drinks
these giant Hulk shakes with like kale
and all sorts of in it and this is
my recreation of it tons of kale tons of
protein and this is what he drinks every
morning so this is me doing my best
impression of Joe Rogan because it's
crazy good for you it's like not that
great tasting but it's also not
disgusting you got to put it down you
know that's how many right now look I'm
asking you please give you whole Marvel
zero so why are you crying - mommy's
legs longer he means well I love you so
much honey but like sometimes it's too
much okay hey Frank he's in it coming on
way too strong he's in a maybe mommy you
gotta play it cool dude I thought you
were alpha what the fuck's going on yeah
anyway you want to be Joe Rogan with me
you want to have Hulk loads I'm gonna
drink this now guys I would give you
this recipe but you don't even want it
they don't want you to have this mess
honestly if you really want it I'll give
it to you blow it up in the comments and
if you want it that bad I'll write in
the comments but that is some green
let's just take a quick moment to
appreciate that our kitchen literally
looks like it's how to basics kitchen
let's let's see all of the fixings that
that makes this exactly how how to
basics house looks it's terrifying right
so we have the random minion lying there
I mean that's weird
we got a whoopee cushion got a hand over
here we have a Donald Trump cutout with
his mouth cut out from the vacuum we
have a chicken which is always in
howtobasic videos we have this baby doll
I mean come on and then this is the like
this is literally how to base it
everything around me and then there's
that I was just winging around the
kitchen and it compelled me to like make
a how-to basic snapchat I did this is
 weird someone came over right
now and they saw this that is not good
not good anyway right now in this how-to
basic kitchen I am making some kale
chips because link I want to snack what
we were exhausting today man it's been a
little o sleep week but we sat down
after dinner in the living room and
we're like hey let's watch this
documentary it looks good it's got like
five stars and we sit down and we both
just crash we'll probably get up and
heavily got another late night because
we not super late but whatever I've
accepted the fact that our sleep
schedule is always going to be different
than yours so peachy's drinking loudly
like a horse that's my night thirsty
stop peaches thirst 2k16 good morning it
is the next day I never closed the vlog
because our sleep schedule is more
erratic
then BAM bought something that's erratic
thank you sleep schedule is more erratic
than the driving of an LA driver when it
rains thank you thank you uh yeah we've
been sleeping all over the clock lately
and uh just got exhausted last night but
we watched a couple documentaries
it was incredible documentary watching
has been very very at the forefront of
our agendas on our free time lately and
it's been a lot of fun but now I am back
to the next day doing a bunch of stuff
for a new computer for a couple of the
things that take care of today and then
hopefully I can get to the gym which
really want to do it's a sunny day out
it hasn't even rained at all so that's
that but I just want to say thank you
guys for watching I hope you have a
wonderful weekend and I'll see you guys
in the next vlog you guys are awesome go
be more awesome and if you're in LA and
you're a driver take it personally what
I just said because every driver
in LA sucks ok bye
