good morning oh hello there I'm not
alone I'm not alone in the car not in
love we are headed out right now to
purchase some supplies for Jenna's video
today because guess what today is today
is Wednesday gone sexual sexual so
triggered not all right drive so go to a
bunch of different places to get the
supplies you need for this video as of
right now the plan is to dress the
vacuum cleaner up like Donald Trump it'd
make him suck things so I don't know if
you wanna got a vacuum cleaner yesterday
but I was like I did so much research
because we really like our little stick
vacuum but it's pointless
it's lithium-ion battery so it dies in
20 minutes guys in about 20 minutes
which is just not very helpful unless
you're doing
the carpet in the living room so we
needed something that we could plug in
to do more cleaning when we got him I
was like aw Tozier name of Donald Trump
because he sucks
if Julian was like oh and then I just
had the idea that I wanted to make him
suck up funny things and dress him up
like Donald Trump which is working at
camp I used to dress up my air
conditioner I cut out like a paper
tuxedo as before and it called him my
boyfriend and I did it for other people
too they really liked it so Jenna has
experience in this art form dressing
energetic stuff like keep my exes yes
we're going to go odds which is like a
party store sort of thing where they
like costumes hoping to find some stuff
there and then we have to get like
construction paper and then we have to
get a bunch of things to suck we have
really good ideas things to suck we're
expecting to like walk into the store
and get some ideas but that that's what
our day is and it's another El Nino
beautiful rainy day thank you for giving
credit where credit is due Gillian it's
not just rain it's on medium tell me no
anyway we're gonna make our way over
there and then start buying supplies is
this roped off am I not allowed to go
here is this road close are you
 kidding me yeah it says room I
need you don't crack my neck you crack
your neck I got a cousin it hey guys I
got a crack her neck oh we got anymore
way anymore neck so we uh we have really
important props we're big news right now
okay Theo Vaes the whoopee cushion
chicken and we found the perfect Donald
Trump wig it's literally a Donald Trump
Lake that was the hardest thing I
thought was going to be to find was the
wig and we found it so that's awesome
now we're literally just finding
whatever we think would be really really
really funny just a rather fun video to
prepare for I would say all right we're
going to the candy store now to get
candy
I was gone
oh my god terrifying look at me
tough guys I feel really weird right now
if you like something different about me
that's scared I know yeah all right so
I'm actually gonna start decorating the
vacuum cleaner right here into Donald
Trump right yeah this is what it looks
like right here my newbie this is Gina's
new toys you got a vacuum in it doesn't
avoid the warranty just taping paper to
it no I mean like sucking up all this oh
yes that's all right um so the wigs
gonna go up there is facing her right
there and then the suit is gonna go
right there and we're just trying to
live half wait yeah so this is what our
Donald Trump looks like now and it's
going to look like something very
different before and after this is our
Donald Trump vacuum cleaner took about
an hour but I think he turned out pretty
good he's very handsome
I had to separate the nose because
there's this little piece on the vacuum
right there but I think he looks pretty
accurate against Donald Trump he's got
two left hands
he's a vacuum so we're gonna eat some
dinner javis been preparing dinner
we shot groceries so uh we're gonna cook
and we're gonna eat and then we're gonna
start shooting with this
well then we go okay don't we go
I'm really actually proud of this was
funny he looks very very terrifying so
I'm not going to do whole JJ's kitchen
right now but I did want to show you
something that I'm doing there's kind of
like a little tree myself type of meal
and it involves sushi but it's the way
it's making it at home I learned to do
this when I was a kid because my mom
used to do it for him with us and she
taught us how to do it basically it's
making spicy tuna at home so you have to
go to a place that has a seafood counter
decent reputation I go to Whole Foods
and I asked for a sushi grade tuna and
what I do is I shred it from the fillet
into here so it's just the fish here you
shred it with a knife you can look up
techniques on how to do that but
basically you take like the fillet right
there and you just shred like that so it
turns into this
and then what you're going to do is
you're going to add some stuff to it so
I'm going to show you how to do that so
the ingredients you're going to need for
this little mini recipe thing is sushi
grade tuna sushi male chili oil and
scallions so you're going to chop up
these scallions to your liking and
you're going to put them in the bowl
once they're in the bowl there then
you're gonna add sushi mayo and then
lastly you're going to add the chili oil
which is going to make it too spicy tuna
otherwise it's just creamy tuna and then
you basically stir it around and then
you're done
so this is the final product it's a
spicy tuna mixture that you can eat by
itself or you can put on rice but this
is one of my favorite meals and I only
do it every so often because it's like a
treat yo'self now I'm going to treat
myself I just want to show the array
that we're eating with tonight this is
my spicy tuna Bowl got some artichokes
going over there and then Jenna made
this crispy ass polenta
with her mix of red peppers spices vegan
cheese is she even real umm yeah no this
is a great new everything excited about
are you Colleen randomly American cuz we
fried the polenta yeah me wreck yeah me
again that's what time it is we were
just now uploading I had it so fast
we shy and lid all night and it was
great
Jenna's just putting the final touches
on it right now but it's definitely one
of my favorite videos that we've ever
made I was a lot of fun it's the end of
the night and time to go to bed
so we're gonna get ready for bed as soon
as this is all done I mean that was that
was a goofy goofy video so if you
haven't watched it go check out Jenna's
video this week it's it's a different
that's for sure there's one of those
videos that we just like had so much fun
making it and like we were watching each
clip back after we shot it because it
was just so funny now it's over
we did it job well done I think and and
on to the next one so gonna get some
sleep and then I'll see you guys mom
thank you for watching
later
you
