Oh
Oh
good morning friends I am up early for
me at least it's a about 9:45 and headed
off to train this morning beautiful
rainy morning you guys know how much I
appreciate the rain I am sitting here
waiting for my morning caffeine to kick
in but it's a beautiful day out I'm
excited to be awake I'm excited to be up
to go train
we were up kinda late because we were
watching stuff on Netflix because you
guys have been recommending a lot of
stuff for us and then as I was just
getting a sleep Jenna played new Demitri
worm stand-up special and I was just
laughing so I couldn't sleep so but it's
all good cuz I'm up there you go that
was marble I said over in train
damn training kicks my ass today uh-huh
fuck and my face is a strawberry what is
happening oh it's still raining and
beautifully foggy I'm not even being
sarcastic I love this man so refreshing
I just hope the leak doesn't come back
in our house
knock on wood it's not what it's my car
all right I'm gonna get home and
and recover Zenit there you go my face
is normal color now another benefit of
the rain is my filthy ass car it's a
free watch I just remembered that it's a
water rain and my car is really dirty
with a lot of dirt so that's great just
another beautiful thing about a
beautiful ring it's not going to be
spotless it will have a bunch of water
spots but it's better than the nastiness
that was on it before that is for sure
so today I think I'm also going to juice
again I might just make a juice right
now it sort of looks like it's clearing
up a little bit we'll probably have at
least today and then maybe some more
days of very much
I don't mind I'm gonna make this juice
and then I'm probably going to cook some
food because juice is just not enough so
we are going to take yet another trip to
this side we go through phases where we
go to that store maybe five times a
month and it's honestly sometimes just
four little things I don't even need
that many big giant cool things it's
mostly just four little things but we
run the best buy grab what we need and
tonight we're actually getting drinks
with a friend well actually he's just an
Internet friend right now because you
never met him but he's uh he's someone
who we've like had contact with over the
Internet his name is Jay Walker he's a
Viner he does a bunch of stuff very very
funny guy I think one time I talked
about him in my vlog I did like an
impression of his and he saw a vlog and
then we started talking me Jenna and him
that like become internet friends so we
are going to go out for drinks with Jay
which I'm actually really excited about
because uh friends are good and it's
cool when you meet someone in the
internet you get to meet them in person
the sky is absolutely beautiful right
now because the rain cleared up and this
sounds like peeking through those clouds
everywhere looks insane but yeah we're
going to take another trip to Best Buy
and get the stuff we need and then we
out here to eat dinner and stuff for
yachtsman turn this downstairs looking
at
vacuum cleaners so
and I'm going to go look at camera stuff
because I don't feel like looking in
vacuum cleaners so I know a lot of you
guys are really good at like being dog
parents over the Internet
to us and like I get criticism all the
time as it you know as I expect it's the
Internet you know people criticize what
they see but um everyone always says
like I encourage peach to steal all all
the things she takes which may or may
not be true I try my best not to anyway
I started the dishwasher when we went to
the spy and it was it looks like that
so the dishwasher was like open because
I was still loading it and it wasn't
done and I found this in peaches dog bed
she went over the dishwasher with her
little snout you took it out and you put
it in your bed this is not yours that's
thief you had thief piece not yours
yeah she knows it anyway I thought it's
hilarious cuz Jen I was like look what
your daughter put in her bad new
business and I was like did she take
that out of the dishwasher because if
the dishwasher wasn't open she would
have no access to this I mean luckily
she didn't ruin it but I just thought it
was kind of funny okay judge away
that's Jenna and her new vacuum she just
got a vacuum we already have a vacuum
but it's a it's a lithium ion battery
which means it only lasts like 20
minutes so she got like a secondary
vacuum for us to be able to write back
in the whole house and not stop yeah
how's the vacuuming all right come on
vacuum duty now it's almost 8 o'clock
right now and a little change of plans
I'm still going out to meet up with Jay
and and hang out have drinks Jenna is
not because her friend had lives with
her Jenna thought they weren't happening
but then they are happening so Jenna's
friends here right now Rachel the girl
from Jenna's video called boyfriend's
back row so they're hanging out right
now in the living room I'm about two
hours till I'm going to hit the road and
go meet up with Jay I'm doing a couple
things I'm still figuring out a couple
different aspects of the new computer so
I can get everything perfect and I'm
also starting to put the vlog together
because I don't want to be super crazy
late night when I get home I want to
kind of have a head start on it just
giving you an update I'll check in with
you before I head out for the night
though so I won't leave you guys hanging
only be hanging like if you're hanging
on a branch right now like a sloth I
won't leave you there I'll pick you up
all right so I am going soon I'm heading
out the door and just a minute I'm all
dressed up kind of did my hair a little
bit kind of learning the style but I'm
heading out can you grab some drinks
with some new friends which I'm excited
about I will catch up with you guys when
I get back I might be the morning might
be tonight either way see you guys in a
bit
I'm gonna go out I really haven't gone
out in a really long time and it's kind
of nice so I will see you guys when I
return guys I just got back I had an
absolute blast I hung out with Jay and
80 fits
he's a beatboxer who's on vine and there
are two of the nicest guys I've ever met
and I smell a great friendship and it's
really nice that I like got to meet them
and hang out with them in real life
because we just died laughing the whole
night that great conversation and we're
really well so I'm very very happy about
that I'm gonna get to bed super light
peachy say goodbye to the yuzu buns oh
it's super late I get it gets a bad end
of the blog but I love you guys and a
great day I hope you guys also have a
great day honestly thank you for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow
