what's up guys happy first week of 2016
I just hopped on the board I'm going for
a little ride right now just kind of
around town just to do some exploring I
haven't been like I don't really be out
too much in a couple days because we've
been kind of in for the holiday just
kind of heading out for a little little
bit of time and shoot some stuff see
some stuff we are ordering some
groceries today and we're going to do
some juicy today I woke up and I felt
like having some juice
so we ordered some vegetables in first
to do some juices get our bodies right
get our minds right you know zeal
that's so quad Oh juicing is good man we
have done in a while but it's really
tasty
feels really good in the body da body it
also makes your teeth really green look
thanks
I consider myself a vegetable comedian a
veg maybe you enjoyed these probably our
groceries and then guess what we might
twittering tonight so peach does this
thing where whenever the dogs are being
held she jumps around like give me back
my pets my god there's already dogs now
you guys he's mine not your baby
you like my dog not you got she's
looking a little child girl with her
like baby dogs this is keeping my baby
you know baby Kiki he's not your baby
he's not your baby
he might be so only a couple more days I
think three more days until I get my new
control panel for the smoker and I can
start smoking it got shipped like a week
ago and it was three days shipping so I
don't know that math there but hey
whatever at least it's getting here and
we can start eating right peach are we
gonna start eating we can start eating
you love eating don't you another thing
that happened today is that my remote
for my boosted board just stopped
working and it stopped taking a charge
so it's dead from now on it is just a
heavy-ass longboard I'm telling you get
my remote fixed so life is happening all
over the place
with broken shit but it's all good we're
going to figure out what games and what
set up for twitches today because I'm
still in the process still in the long
ass fucking process of getting us a new
gaming rig that'll be fun
you know we pledged that we were going
to twitch regularly this whole year and
that's what we're going to do
that's not yours this is not yours
you're a thief hmm guys what should we
twitch what game you feelin peach oh so
we decided that today is the day we are
going to go get our gaming rig I've been
touring with a bunch of different
companies to get us a PC shift online
and I was like you know what fuck it and
Jen was like you know what fuck it let's
go buy a gaming PC we're going to get a
little laptop that can run some games
and stream properly because all we have
is Macs in the house well you're going
to get a gaming PC right now we're going
to run over to Best Buy and grab it
sometimes just got to go do it yourself
and do a live you know we don't need the
nicest computer we just need something
that's going to function and work right
for a stream and I think we found it so
what's going to happen is we're going to
run to this by get the PC come back I'm
going to set it up Jenna's going to
start cooking dinner and then we're
going to stream so that's what's
happening and I couldn't be more excited
about it so let's get our gaming on
here we go we got this thing setting up
right now got our mouse on the monitor
getting going and we are going to start
gaming soon I'm so excited right now
that we're finally here so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to spend some
time really setting up this set up if
you will the stream needs a bunch of
things like OBS and all the programs to
run games and then Jenna and I are going
to hop on after dinner and streams -
shit which is gonna be real fun anyway
whoa that's pretty fucking dope bitch
bye guys
we're streaming streaming on Twitch and
it's working everyone say hello
log this is what it looks like guys
everyone is in a chair right here this
is so dope these are all our friends
hanging out I mean this is sort of
temporary so with the mic and everything
but it is uh it's working and we're
streaming so I just want to show you
guys because I talked about like ball
blog and Jenna's eager to get back to me
so okay alright guys that twitch stream
was so exciting we finally got the right
setup or at least the framework of a
right setup and we had an hour-long
stream it was pretty much perfect like
no complications or anything oh let me
show you what we made for dinner by the
way
Jenna made her famous enchilada bake and
I made some chicken but we ate a little
while ago and now we're kind of just
like snacking before bedtime we're gonna
go to sleep soon but I just want to say
thank you guys for watching the vlog it
feels good to be back vlogging nice
little break for the holidays but we are
back I'm going to link our twitch
channel below if you guys are interested
in following us there but I will see you
guys tomorrow for the next vlog thank
you for watching
