you know guys happy new year
today is January 1st 2016 so I wanted to
say Happy New Year first the reason I'm
making this video is because apparently
it's National Bloody Mary Day and as
many of you know Bloody Mary's have
quickly become one of my favorite drinks
both because of the drink and it's
delicious
and also the topics because it's a spot
for creativity and deliciousness so
given that today is National Bloody Mary
day or so people are saying it is I am
going to dedicate this video to that and
just make an epic Bloody Mary
that's all every time I make a Bloody
Mary I just like to get really crazy
with the toppings and kind of just do
whatever I feel like and whatever I'm
feeling that time so for this time I'm
feeling something along the lines of
grilled cheese pizza bacon olives and
maybe some more stuff but that is what's
going to be on my Bloody Mary today I'm
also going to get some celery actual
drink itself I won't be making for you
guys because that's a recipe I cannot
share it's secret maybe someday but the
toppings are really what you can't hear
for anyway so I'm going to build it for
you and then I'll show you the final
product that is why I made this video so
let's let's get Bloody Mary in
all right so these are the ingredients
we are working with basically what I'm
gonna do is and repair the ingredients
to go on the Bloody Mary then I'm going
to make a Bloody Mary come back and
assemble the final product so let's get
started
Oh cannot forget the pizza there we go
so I'm going to cut this grilled cheese
in little squares so I can mount it on a
toothpick and have it sit on top of the
drink and whatever you don't use in the
toppings you can just eat I think one of
the best tasting toppings that goes with
the flavor of a Bloody Mary is grilled
cheese because if any of you have ever
had like tomato soup and grilled cheese
they go together really well
grilled cheese bits are in six little
squares that is all done what I'm going
to do with these olives is I'm going to
take out the filling the center of the
olive and I'm going to put in some goat
cheese I'd say there's three keys to
making a good Bloody Mary delicious
ingredients presentation and being
really excessive probably a more
efficient way to get the cheese in this
tiny little olive also I know it's like
technically national bloody merriday but
shouldn't like every weekend have that
title I don't know all right all the
olives now have goat cheese fillings out
of them instead of the red previous
olive filling that it had before now
what I'm going to do is I'm going to cut
the pizza into long slices and I'm going
to cut sections into the pickle for the
pizza to sit
so it looks like two pieces of pizza
riding in a boat or a car or something
and lastly we got to do something with
this and we have to use the bacon yet so
let's just do that together guys uh just
so you know I am 100% making this up as
I go so I'm gonna take piece of bacon
and I'm basically just gonna like strap
this piece of celery with bacon it's
gonna be strapped as fuck all right so
we got bacon celery and it looks like
we're about ready to assemble the final
product so I'm gonna go do is I'm gonna
go make the Bloody Mary so it wasn't
just sitting here having ice melt in it
and ruin it we get a fresh Bloody Mary
and bring it over here and put it all
together all right we have our beautiful
tasty letting are you ready to go so
let's assemble this thing I think I'm
gonna alternate olives with grilled
cheese now it just kind of looks like
pod of greatness so that's what we're
doing with that we got to make this sit
on the body Mary so how so I think I'm
going to create slits in the bottom so
it just kind of sits right there all
right let's put in this celery stick I
feel like the pickle is pretty ambitious
I think what we'll do is we'll stand
this pod on top of the pickle pickle is
really kind of like our anchor all right
I'll give you a closer look at this
Bloody Mary as you can see it's not the
cleanest we've ever done the pickle is
kind of falling apart but we got it did
everything on here and it's a delicious
Bloody Mary I hope you guys enjoyed me
celebrating national Bloody Mary day
here is to all of you wonderful people
out there may your bloody marys be as
epic and messy and delicious as this one
I'll see you guys later thanks for
watching
