hey what's going on guys I miss you guys
I missed you a lot right now I'm out in
the world are doing a couple of things
getting a couple errands done and I'm on
the board but I also have my car so I'm
gonna hop in the car I'm gonna go to
Home Depot on a mission and pick up a
smoker we were in Oregon as you guys
know for Christmas and Jenna's brother
has this smoker it's like a barbecue
type thing but instead of you know a
grill it's actually a wood pellet smoker
and it makes everything taste just
glorious we've been eating the smoker
food for two years in a row at Christmas
and it they finally sold me so I'm gonna
go to Home Depot and pick one up for us
so anyway that's what I'm gonna go do go
get a smoker I gotta get get to the car
and then go do that but I'm really
excited because it's honestly amazing
how different the flavor tastes in
anything that you smoked rather than
grilling or baking the beautiful sunny
day out I'm just in the valley exploring
but I feel like I'm starting to get back
into the swing of things because we had
a nice little break for Christmas but
now it's it's time to go get myself a
little a little Christmas present so I
can eat all the chicken so before I head
off to Home Depot I'm finishing getting
the car cleaned because we just had a
long trip but there's a taco truck here
and I was hungry and they still have
like 20 minutes left so I got myself
nice players not those the awesome guy
cleaning my car brought this little
bench over for me to eat on it smells
really nice
and I'm gonna enjoy these tacos and then
get in the car going alright so a little
change of plans because this stuff took
too long the car and everything else I
was doing I'm gonna get the smoker later
tonight called to make sure they have in
stock and they do they have a couple
units so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
head home now cuz we got a record
Jenna's new years radio show and we got
to take care of a couple other things
and I can't make it to Home Depot I'm
back now so what I'll do is I'll put
that off for later and hopefully we'll
be able to do tonight which would be
really nice
let those tacos those are incredible
worth every minute so it is like the
early evening how and we finished all
the we had - oh my god my hair
today I forgot my hairs can you fix it
there we go we finished all the you know
works boring stuff we had to do so now I
think we're gonna have her to Home Depot
and get me a smoker and then we might
stop on the way home and get some food
to actually cook on it for dinner
adulthood we're at Home Depot we just
passed the lumber entrance that we
didn't see Adam I think he got fired the
 guy got fired you know what
 deserved it he deserved it you
deserved it there's a video that I made
on YouTube called Adam from la Mer
yeah yeah you got a song let's go get us
a smoker please thank you
we literally have wanted it for a whole
year but then this Christmas when we ate
at it again they're like all right so
they got it they're gonna get it down
for me it's up there but I also got to
get these pellets because it runs off of
wood pellets and they have two different
flavors there's mesquite and hickory so
we're gonna get one bag of each and test
it out see which one we like you might
like both might just be for different
occasions but oh I'm so excited and it's
perfect that I'm getting hungry cuz they
maybe just go cook on
all right we are back home with our new
smoker we stopped at a grocery store got
a bunch of groceries to cook but first
gotta set this thing up this is what it
looks like in the open it it's got all
the instructions and stuff in there and
then there's a dog you came to the dog
are you smoking out so I'm going to
assemble this and then we'll get cooking
guys so I assembled the smoker and I'm
doing a test run right now to get it
going once I'm done with the test run I
have to cook it by itself for 45 minutes
to get the grill basically seasoned and
primed but I am so excited right now
that I just set this up and that we have
this in our house all of the food is
just gonna taste amazing that yeah
got a tender my smoker now what's his
name guys oh you hear that that was a
wood pellet check this out
that's what smokes those things are what
smokes to create the cooking and the
flavor so good morning guys I got off
last night and stops blogging and I
never got back on and told you the
situation with the grill so basically I
got a faulty circuit board in the smoker
so I called customer service I
troubleshooted for like two hours and
the controller is just bad it's not
working so I'm getting a new controller
circuit board sent to me it's gonna take
a couple days but pretty anti-climatic
because I really wanted to start
grilling food on it but it's all good
because they're gonna send me a new one
and I'll be grilling in no time anyway I
just wanted to let you guys know that
because I kind of just cut off
everything because I had to deal with
that but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog thank you guys for watching I'm
gonna close it right now and get moving
on some stuff we have to take care of
but I love you guys and I'll see you
guys in the next vlog happy new year by
the way almost happened doing your Happy
New Year's Eve Happy New Year's Eve Eve
I just want chicken
see you guys later
