good morning from San Francisco we are
up bright and early
check out the dogs and we're packing up
the car I'm getting these guys outside
for a little bit for a car ride and then
we are off to work it but a good morning
it's bright and early and we're gonna
get a jump on the day right Mamba please
jump on the day you're shivering
yeah you should ring very mean outside
yeah sure this is the part of the day
where I take the dogs outside and they
don't pee but they cry at me because
they don't want to pee they'd rather cry
I just want to get them outside even if
they don't pee honestly because with the
long car ride
that's happening literally he just
jumped up there
well at least he's going permit
quick God come PG take notes take notes
you can jump up this as I was saying
they won't go to the bathroom he hops
two feet up under this bush and goes hey
Kermit's a thug isn't Karen I thought I
had remembered that sight of Kermit
hopping up in the bush and peeing and
it's because he did last year at the
same hotel
I can only girl he like you know the
other two are busy being nervous and
Marvel's like tiny and he's afraid to
get crushed but peach is being nervous
about peeing and she Oliver surroundings
increments just like ah fuck it I'm
gonna hop up into this giant bush and
just take a piss in front of everyone
walking into this office building cuz I
give no fucks but what's so embarrassing
isn't it I mean I was vlogging while he
jumped out yeah
morning
oh this is your kid
Gugu I've been holding that pee in
forever that's a good girl yeah you
waited till organ shots - actually we're
learning that they all beat the three
P's three P's and look it one two and
three
marbles went up to this piece of snow
and like Mark it alpha as far oh my god
probably the snow anyway as you guys can
tell we are not in San Francisco anymore
we are in chess though we can pit stop
ah because for driving eight hours you
need to take at least one stop gas so
you figure we do everything at once
let the dogs out gas but it is
absolutely beautiful the air feels nice
snow like and I really had to pee and I
just peed which also makes everything
more beautiful beautiful
absolutely
you
I let the Fox rage on
all right calm down Chris Brown I got a
plot so we are like two and a half hours
away from our destination and it looks
like we have two and a half hours like
exactly of of sunlight like it's the Sun
setting in two hours and 37 minutes so
barring no traffic we should get to
Oregon in the daytime which is amazing
because driving through this part of the
state where it gets super dark at night
it's just no fun it's like stressful so
Jenna's been taking a shift she's
killing it and we're just hanging out I
just took like a little quick nap
because we got like two hours of sleep
last night
so yeah but we're making our way and
once we get there we can finally just
like chill the fuck out you know Jenna
just drove through like a big-ass
fucking storms like a blizzard like it
was little whiteout it was an absolute
whiteout not we almost like lost vision
it was so light but yeah almost Oregon
we're seeing a worgen we've been in
Oregon Oh dress leap on the way up
through the side that said back
so baby - so we're in Oregon uh Lagoon
org oh my god we made it it is nighttime
we are now at our hotel in Oregon we
drove all day long
literally it just started to get dark
when we got here because we had a bit of
traffic but we made it on like no sleep
I'm so impressed enough that was a good
travel day we're absolutely exhausted
and there's no like reason for it like
we could have gone to sleep early last
night our just sleep schedule has been
so fucked lately from all the late
nights and shit we're gonna get some
good sleep tonight but first we are
gonna go over and see Jenna's brother
and niece and sister-in-law any food in
the deme machine importantly there will
be food there we're gonna have Thai food
great Thai food love Thai food but I
just want to check in with you guys say
what's up the dogs are wild right now
but they're happy I just want to check
in hey what's up
yes you're nasty
cuz we're gonna go over there leave the
camera here and then I'll sign up with
you guys when we get back but we made it
to Oregon good travel day right he's a
good travel day well we're all the way I
know we really just we're looking
forward to some sleep tonight but uh
before we edit the vlog and show you
guys our day so we're back at the hotel
and I just included that shot of me
pouring the wine because you guys seem
to enjoy yesterday not really sure why
Jenna thinks it's satisfying I think you
guys just might be really weird but it's
possibly both anyway winding down with a
glass of wine cuz we're in the car all
fucking day but I'm an edge of the vlog
right now we just went over and saw the
fam and the baby niece and she's so big
and she's so smart and she's like
talking to us and it's like the most
adorable thing ever she like gave us a
hug and kiss it was so sweet so we have
a lot of fun to look forward to for the
next couple days which is awesome
for now we are wiped as fuck and we're
gonna just try to put these vlogs up and
get some rest because we have not slept
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog I
Hey Oh God I don't like this I didn't
like change okay okay Oh God Jenna
seriously so you know what sounds better
than the wine Jenna I'm near my computer
you
