good morning friends we are up and about
to leave the house guys to throw back to
lots of audience right now
peach will not go to the bathroom
outside it's been raining and she's
being so difficult last night in the
middle of the night when we were going
to bed she wouldn't even go outside like
you gotta go potty you can't just sit
around and look at us like this is
amazing that she's even outside right
now because we were trying to get her
outside we had to like push her out the
door because she did not want to get wet
such a baby in the rain peach she really
is rendered completely useless with any
rain at all so that's great peach that's
wonderful
hopefully you don't hold it in the whole
car ride although I think she did go
anyway cars all packed it was almost
ready
when he gave the dogs in the car at San
Francisco
Hotel it's always bittersweet when I
come to San Francisco because I never
get to come here I really like it but
the only times I'm coming here is when
it's for like one night or something and
I gotta leave the next day so I'm just
kind of enjoying exploring a little bit
but um every time I come here I feel
like I just have one night maybe I got
to take a trip here it's such a cool
city I really like it and they have good
food which is important to me
all right I got the wine that three
bottles hopefully that'll be enough
there's a hotel bar though in case we
run out they need more but I don't
estimate we will who's gonna be here
soon so I'm headed back to the hotel so
I can eat
back in the elevator back at the hotel
there guys kind of creeping me out
honestly it's not even raining dude why
you have an umbrella honestly it's
pretty cool though pretty cool pretty
cool design
okay esthetic ICU hotel so we're back at
the hotel waiting on the food and
Jenna's editing I'm about to start
editing the vlog too but first I think
something else is in order
we're in a new city so let's celebrate
right Cheers let me get my glass cheers
to being in San Francisco for a night
that's right this is good I'm really
good at picking Pinot Grigio because I
just pick whatever bottle looks coolest
and then it always tastes fine but I
mean we're gonna vote and then when the
pizza gets here I'm gonna put it down my
face pizza's here guys we're about to
dig into this and watch a little bit of
Survivor I am so excited to eat this
food right now because all we had was
like a bagel today early early in the
morning so we're gonna hear a pizza
Jenna got her deep-dish pizza
I'm so excited this looks bangin I
should have gotten the smaller size Jill
I think she's like no no get a bigger ax
I got two of these judge me down below
all right guys we fit ourselves after
talking about it for so long it was
really good Jenna had some awesome
deep-dish pizza I know I'd really like a
piece of it forgot how filling deep-dish
pizza isn't that in years I'm I don't
think I've ever found a gluten-free
deep-dish pizza still in the hunt for
that but I know today's broad was short
but we were literally driving all day
I'll try to be better a vlogging like in
the car tomorrow because we have another
full day of driving
we've Elise nine hours on the road we're
gonna wake up at around 6:00 and try to
just jump in the car and go so I do
apologize that the vlog isn't isn't
longer but we're kind of
I appreciate that I love you so much
you guys too but really you Wow
but I'll see you guys tomorrow hopefully
you enjoyed the vlog like I said earlier
I wish I got to spend more time in San
Francisco but I'm also very very excited
to go to Oregon
Wow because we have such a good time in
Oregon and we have our little hotel off
the beaten path and we get to see family
and just really great so I'm really
excited see you guys tomorrow when we
hit the road again on the coast of
California and go eat some pizza cuz we
just did really good so cute Oh guys I
get to wake up to that every morning
yes jealous I am the luckiest guy ever
he's gonna sound really creepy but
sometimes when I wake up before you and
you're sleeping I just look at you and
I'm like you're like an angel oh that's
funny because sometimes when you fall
asleep before me I just play with your
hair I just I just got nervous you're
naughty
you play with my hair what well we're
just gonna be gross over here together
but uh we have a room we're in it we're
in are we got our we're in our I'm gonna
edit the board now so you guys can watch
it all right so you guys fought by logic
Oh
