I think I'm gonna film this one outside
because I really like this weather and
I'd like for my neighbors to hear the
things you have to say about my hair
I guess this is sort of becoming a thing
for whatever reason you seem to enjoy
giving me your very detailed and often
vivid opinions of my appearance well we
here to roast you I guess that's what
I'm setting myself up for baby yeah he
can protect me from the roasts I got
something already on Twitter I asked you
what your opinion of my hair is first of
all let me ders babe this is Julie's
natural pasture a lot of people know a
lot of people don't know that people
think I'd permed it this is my natural
hair y'all this is like I have curly
hair and I'm asking from you I'd hide it
and hide it until sometime I literally
just don't have the energy to hide it
anymore
and then here we are show us the real
you is a foot that's xxx bucks boy well
here we go curly fries
okay curly fries are not as good as
regular fries and if you want to fight
me on that curly fries if he's like
someone rubbed dirt in normal fries and
then twist it over this sand hey mud
cayenne pepper mud
military looks like a hairball my cat
threw up an hour ago nice Halloween
costume whatever it is if this is my
halloween costume I expect some candy
hopeless venom give me some candy put on
a hat my shower drain has better hair
fucking disgusting God did shower drain
air is like the worst thing in the world
this is just a picture of a cow oh are
you saying I look like that I look like
a solid random airport search out of ten
that's actually good
when I leave my hair like this and I'm
traveling it does get patted down and
nothing gets patted down more than when
you have long hair in a bun I think your
hair is wearing you Kermit agrees with
that one I'm just I'm just being
completely dominated by my own hair I
wake up in the morning and my hair does
me yeah it does put some gel in a tan
and it does me my hair I like to have a
good time this is the real reason Wendy
Williams fainted today oh she fainted
today was in here too hot it was like
this it's like you're growing a tiny
daughter on your forehead this one's by
Simone is that right Simone can you make
a robot to help me with my hair yeah I
have a dog on my head but dice soup
where'd you learn how to eat soup nice
Halloween costume you can take it off
now first of all it's not a Halloween
costume second of all if it was I
couldn't take it off now it's literally
still the only day of the year that you
can wear it so thanks oh ma but back off
you remind me of my scrub daddy why it's
like a brillo pad
what if I cut your hair and make a
dishpan out of it and see how well it
works
ain't nobody cut in this hair to wash
this is with cuz I ain't eatin off those
dishes any man thanks
I hate it why'd you say thanks just say
you hate it is that your hair or your
beard tbh idk your beards even curlier
but beauty's not curlier my beard is
just my beard it might be as curly but
it's shorter you it's not what it looks
like you combined all the hair pieces
that are left on the floor after a
haircut I mean that's just straight-up
resourceful
so you're saying my hair's green it's
good for the earth what is your hairdo
what is your hairdo today to help the
world I understand why you always wear a
hat yeah cuz hats a fucking sick have
you rewarded Hut yeah they're the best
and so I could put pins oh I am sorry
your cover my hair the other day I
worked out with my hat on and Jenna
didn't like how sweaty I got so I washed
it in the bathroom of our gym and then I
wrung it out and it was good as new and
it still was making your mat like it was
still sometimes you just got a sweat a
hat completely through so it's a
different shade of whatever color it is
and then just continue wearing it like
nothing happened did you ever play
baseball that's what we did what we did
it's good time you look like a mom from
the 80s but like a mom who's always high
on something it's a good Caterpie
actually it's a really bad mom don't
ever be violent you know what if I grew
it more in the back I don't have more of
a mom to like a motherly should I grow a
moly
did you see bullet box bullet box
Olympics box a mole at four hear me out
I'm done talking like my grandma but
more hairy but I got a sexy grandma Oh
what she taken what what okay what's
zip-up spelled backwards pubes I think
it looks really good
Thank You snake that's a real friend
right there
you're that Chris this is your twin
brother looks like only one of y'all has
a place to sleep tonight snake come on
over snake you can Christie later I give
it a 2 pay out of 10 your facial
expression in this pic is my opinion of
your hair I don't really know what the
facial expression is it's just kind of
my default this is what I look
face hey hey hey I'm filming a video for
youtube calm /je so look please quiet
down and maybe subscribe later when you
have a second looks like a cheap version
of Dan Howell that's my secret I am a
cheap version of Dan Howell look I have
a cat face you look like an 18 year old
boy who guys probably crack it open a
cold one with the boys in his tinder bio
I am him pretty fucking good spot on it
looks as bad as your beard hey you know
what you had a chance with the beard
last time and your chance is over you
can't talk about my beard anymore we've
initiated it into the family barber what
would you like Julian
coughs your hand is in the way it's
literally not my hand is not in the way
someone blow-dried their tarantula oh my
god I feel like that would probably piss
off the tarantula maybe kill it so
you're saying I might have a dead pissed
off commercial on my head it's a good
thing I met you before this since you
love clouds it's my hair photoshopped
into the sky as clouds Laura what have
you done this is like what clouds look
like when you got to help you got I got
caught literally you died and that's
what clouds look like it's confusing and
kind of gross like it gross text me the
men's number I'm scare okay I'm Julian
nice to meet you it looks like curly
fries and no one likes curly fries yes
yes correct
regular fries rubbed in dirt and curled
around against their will that's what
curly fries are for bad curly fries are
bad and they should feel bad maybe you
want to take a ride on this hair makes
you want to die but not too much okay
great we're gonna end it on that one
thank you guys for the comments I really
appreciate your input on my look let me
know in the comments video what you
think I'd like to hear your opinion on
next
help me keep the roasting gun government
thing is that no no we're done here
absolutely I will permit no more
comments about my hair if you comment
anything about my hair positive or
negative I will ban you you flying
get this it's nothing this is a ban you
I'll ban you on twitch if you comment
here on YouTube thank you guys Roger I
like doing these videos because
sometimes it's just a little bit weirdly
sadistically twisted ly therapeutic to
get roasted by y'all hey guys for
participating in this video as you've
noticed a little bit of an evolving
appearance nothing is ever the same day
to day I am a constantly morphing being
no one can keep up with me one day it's
yellow one day it looks like this one
day I have a moustache one day of a
beard I'm fantastically in flux so I
always have new things to talk about my
face we all roast you on your little
patch of chest hair no yeah you love you
to get away you don't get to you don't
get to take a chest hair ride anymore
we're gonna give our candy thank you
guys for watching have a good Halloween
keep it spooky and if you say spoopy
unzip
