good morning P cheese excited for the
morning I just woke up and then ran
right off to the peel box because I
remembered I had gone there in a couple
weeks and it's holidays so I wanted to
do that so as not to leave all of our
shit there and I'll show you guys a
couple things that I open I know all of
them because that's not going to be the
entire flock but let's just uh beneath
and then we got we got a busy day okay
because we're leaving tomorrow for organ
and we are gonna stop in San Francisco
for a night leaving tomorrow which means
we have to get all of Jenna's videos
done today we have two podcasts today we
have to clean the house and we have to
pack and we already got kind of a late
start cuz we're up late everything in
shit so that's what today it's gonna be
real busy but I just wanted to say hello
yeah I'm gonna open these packages and
I'll show you some of all we got this is
Julianna mamita which is a ship first
and last name for me and Jenna Julianne
and Jenna
Morris Alameda that's so adorable thank
you and you know what's even more
adorable what they sent us this is so
cool JJ's vegan and gluten-free cookbook
they made us a cookbook of our recipes
look at this it's a Kermit hook and the
tail is the hook only crap this is
adorable
peach hook and then a marbles one oh
this is like I'm I'm kind of like having
my mind
this is the coolest gift ever fuck you
Dale I'm not caffeinated yet get
caffeinated then get legs perfect
that's the order of operations throwback
dj khaled we the best on an elliptical
mousepad this is incredible so the
people who sent this to us left his card
and this looks like their Etsy shop so
if you would like to check out things
that look as dope as this go to their se
shop lastly this is vlog e and it's oh
my god those nails this is very very
cool ashley is uh who's her name and
Etsy shop is her shop so thank you
actually this is this is one of the
cooler packages we've ever gotten I'm
gonna open some more of these and then
we're gonna move on with our day because
we got to get a lot of stuff done
alright so this is kind of what I'm
opening right now we got a bunch of
awesome flavored lip balms from Katie
and Charlotte we got a bunch of these
really cool awesome pins from Rachael
and this one is the King's hand from
Game of Thrones we got some coca coffee
which is so great three different people
sent us this movie three so thank you to
all three fizzy fairy apothecary sent us
these bath bombs and candles which I'm
looking forward to opening so thank you
for that and these are those hooks that
we opened earlier which is so cool but
honestly thank you guys as always for
sending stuff I'm gonna open the rest of
this and read your letters um right now
I should put the stuff away and do more
of it later honestly though it's very
sweet these and this stuff I say this
every time but those hooks are just so
cute I can't even get over that alright
we're gonna clean this up now
this is literally the ten-hour version
of this song so I just realized I was
just outside I went on like a little
adventure sort of with my camera for
like a couple hours and tried out some
new stuff you guys would have seen it in
the beginning of vlog but I was just out
doing that and I realized I vlogged like
right after as I was walking back to my
car but because of the shots I was doing
my camera settings weren't back to
vlogging settings so that's useless I
just wanted to pick up because you
didn't see that clip
anyway I'm home now and we're starting
to get things ready
as you can see I'm in the podcast room a
because it's like quiet it's like it's
so quiet in here I love it it's honestly
nice because this is a good room to come
in even when there's not a podcast
happening like you can come in here to
just talk to yourself cuz it's like
great acoustics but I came in here to
talk to you and not to myself I promise
I'm not talking to myself actually I
probably am talking myself I'm talking
to myself but we're gonna get on the
stuff we have to do I just want to check
in let you guys know what's up it did
start to rain when I was outside so I
had to kind of hightail it back to the
car but it was it was fun shooting stuff
so I'll be doing more of that anyway
I'm gonna leave this room now until we
come back to podcast you guys are trying
to stay warm what are you doing that's a
ratty asshole
what is that do you trusting window crew
yeah you just try to stay warm ah yeah
it gets kind of cold in now so we've
been trying to leave the fire on and the
heat as well so the dogs can stay warm
otherwise they like come creeping in the
office while we're editing and just like
bother us cuz they're so cold and sad
anyway we have finally pressed upload on
genna's extras videos so those are
currently doing their thing we are done
like creating those they're done that's
gonna be nice now all we have to do
right now is just finalize our podcast
topic and do that and once we do that
well you're just gonna pack and sleep
and then hit the road in the morning
we're almost there guys we're almost
there I'll upload this tonight but let
me close it once we're in the podcast
room so I can see you guys
in there with all those beautiful lights
and the acoustic wonderful vibe that we
all like alright see you guys when we
podcast all right this is what peached I
want to show you this really going this
is what peach does when she's trying to
get my attention and I'm like on my
phone she like puts her face on my
iPhone screen as if like there's no
other way for me to see her now like
she'll literally just plant her face on
the iPhone screen it's adorable but she
does it every time like I give her a
little attention then I go to my phone
she just like plops her face on the
screen it's just like one of her really
cute little things so when you're
getting start with a podcast right now
I'm just turning on the camera and
setting up the shot we are gonna podcast
this is gonna go up the week of New
Year's so this is going to be our next
podcast the last one came out today and
this way we will have next week to not
have to podcast because we'll be on the
road and stuff we have this fun topic
but you guys will have to wait to see it
but it has to do with buying things so
I'll give you that much it's it's a fun
one so we're about to do that right now
and I'm gonna close the vlog thank you
guys for watching as always I love you
so much I hope you're having a wonderful
holiday season we're gonna leave hit the
road early in the morning hopefully so
we will be gone tomorrow so you will see
some travelling vlogs and obviously the
upload schedule is going to be a bit
sporadic because of Wi-Fi outside of our
house but it's all good life is great
you know anyway I'll see you guys the
next vlog
thanks partner
