well guys so I am doing more cleaning
right now I'm cleaning my closet which
as you guys have known for weeks has
been a complete mess so I'm doing that
right now which is nice I'm taking care
of it so that's not music is also I'm
not gonna say goodbye to headbands just
cuz my hair is shorter because I love
headbands and sometimes this will sort
of get in my face headbands are dope
regardless so yeah I'm just doing some
cleaning right now and soon we you're
gonna podcast on the podcast account we
tweeted out what you guys wanted to see
this week and you guys voted for a
festive Q&A so this week on the podcast
we're gonna just do a Q&A because we
haven't done that in like forever
so we're gonna answer your questions we
leave Monday to go see some family or
the holidays so that'll be fun and nice
but as you guys know any time we travel
there's a little bit of prep involved
with work and everything like that are
you being productive are you being
productive yeah you so productive yeah
you chew on you toy all day by the end
of the day it's not even a 20 more but
let me just show you the progress on my
closet real quick this is my closet I
know it looks bad but it used to be way
worse this is just kind of finishing up
I've been hanging up stuff for like an
hour and I'm putting stuff in the
drawers and this is this is stuff I'm
throwing in another closet and that's
kind of trashing and this is should I
have to unpack because I haven't
unpacked yet this is glorious guys this
is this is what my life is today but
sometimes you just gotta you just got to
dive into a really fucking dirty closet
and caught the other end hoping you
survived in that it's clean alright I
did it I clean my closet I just put it
in a little laundry so that's more
should I have to fold and clean but at
least the closets done like I can walk
in here and actually get dressed and now
I Drive myself crazy alright that's
enough for you closet oh by the way you
like that our sign we bought those
letters at the craft store and we were
planning on using them in Jenna's video
but we forgot
now did you summer house and it says
which i think is appropriate alright
guys so I just remembered that I got a
gift from the homeboy Jason the other
day and I never opened it or showed it
to you guys so I'm do that right now he
got me the Xbox elite controller which
we had talked about getting together for
a while and then I forgot about it and
he sneakily bought it for me so I'm
gonna open it for the first time I've
never opened this yet oh damn that thing
is a beaut that excites me so much guys
obviously having a friend that gets you
gifts is so nice and I'm lucky to have
that but it excites me because I'm so
amped to start really taking twitch
seriously next year because as you guys
know it's gonna be our big thing next
year it's gonna be our project our
twitch channel you know when we get our
new setup it's just gonna be so exciting
and this is the type of thing that just
makes me even more excited about it so
that's dope thank you Jason Sully also
Jason has started a twitch channel too
and he's streaming already he already
got a set up he's an incredible gamer if
you guys have any interested in checking
out good twitch channels
he's twitch.tv slash Jason's Sully I
would highly recommend it anyway we're
nearing podcast time so we're gonna get
in that room and do our thing soon and
then we'll probably eat some dinner in a
little bit
it's Friday night but I don't really
feel like it's Friday night like I'm not
in the Friday night mode right now we're
just kind of doing normal things but who
knows where tonight goes maybe we will
get a little festive later or something
like that I'm not sure for now I'm just
gonna admire my new baby so pretty
yes what what is there what can't what
can I do for you
you just need some attention no all
right guys I kind of did my hair a
little bit I put that new stuff in it
that I got I want to look pretty
presentable for my first podcast with
short hair so that was the idea behind
this hopefully it doesn't look too
ratchet peachy you don't get to come
podcast with this no we got a podcast
and then come hang out the Edible
podcast by ourselves podcast so I just
ran out of the house really panicking
hopped on the board because I need to
grab a couple supplies for a night we
are gonna play some cranium with Jason
and gabs later so we need stuff to drink
and we don't have it oh that was tight
squeeze we're getting some bait we're
getting some Bailey's because I want to
drink some Bailey's tonight and then
some other stuff for them but we ordered
dinner we're gonna have some dinner guys
we've been horrible about cooking your
own food lately please don't judge us
but it's nice to just get out even for a
second right now because I've been at
home all day and I haven't seen the
outdoors so liquor time holy shit my bag
is heavy right now I figured I could
carry a backpack and be able to bring
this all back but oh my god it feels
like it's on the verge of like breaking
or collapsing like I have champagne and
Bailey's like a lot of stuff in here
it's tight precious cargo - I do not
want to fall carrying this stuff all
right I want to show you all the stuff
that I just carried on the board in my
backpack it's so much
I just had it in my backpack right
it felt so heavy I actually think I
heard a little tear is very small but I
don't recommend riding on anything with
this except like a car but at least we
have all this stuff now and I'm really
hungry
so we're gonna eat soon which is really
really nice I love that part of the day
alright she's gonna get this shit ready
now alright guys never close the vlog
what I wanted to say thank you for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
I hope you have a great day I am gonna
be doing some new cool stuff on the
channel so keep your eye out and get
excited cuz sometimes you gotta shake
things up I'll see you guys tomorrow
