good morning guys even though it's the
afternoon I just returned home from
running a couple errands huh but I am
home now and it's actually like the late
afternoon because it's Thursday we're
gonna have to record Jenna's radio show
and we're doing that pretty soon I got
four hours of sleep last night and train
this morning but um I'm happy I got up
to Train sometimes like as much as I am
tired if I get less sleep to wake up I
just feel so much better I feel like you
guys could probably relate to that just
working out even if you're on low sleep
feels good so I'm happy to do that I
probably won't take a nap because it's
already you know relatively late in the
day I think we're gonna have a
relatively tame low-key evening um once
Jenna record the show I imagine we're
gonna get some dinner and just chill out
we're going to record her show and then
we're going to chill our faces off by
the way this is the new mic so let me
know how it sounds hopefully it should
sound great this is the mic that won't
disobey me and turn off whenever it's
ready it's always on so that is awesome
I'm excited about that I hope you guys
are doing well and I will see you guys
after we're done recording the show I
wanted to show you guys something that
we got in the mail so as you guys know
Jenna works and records her radio show
that's on Sirius XM
so naturally we kind of have like a
family of people who we deal with over
Sirius XM there's my keep if
whoo I think I've showed you guys in the
vlog before but there's also someone who
works with my gpf on Jenna's show her
name's Lauren and Lauren has 7 to OS 7
chihuahuas and we've Skyped with her a
bunch because that's how we record the
show but she told us that with her 7
chihuahuas she is going to make a
calendar a chihuahua calendar and we
were like oh we need one so she made it
and sent one to us there's max Miki
penny
ginger peaches Barney and chippy and I
figured because Chihuahua calendar that
I would show you this Chihuahua calendar
so peaches it's January
that's pith who are watching us on the
show and PG Valentine Barney oh my God
look at he says it's right up our alley
so we got it this week and we're out of
Skype with her to record you in the show
and figured because I was just gonna get
that out I would show you guys that is
the most insane honestly like if I had
that many dogs if Jenna had that many
dogs if we could even coordinate that it
would be the coolest thing ever
it just seems like there's so much
effort going into something like that
that is no joke I don't know if these
are things like that you guys do with
your pets let me know because maybe we
should start doing some photo shoots
they're already on camera all the
freaking time they don't need photo
shoots these Laura oh my god
I didn't realize that you call them the
meep gang meet gang cuz we call marbles
meep sometimes yeah so we are doing
exactly what I said we were going to be
doing we are just hanging out and
relaxing because we need it so bad but
we're watching some old seasons of
Survivor in the living room that's over
there but I want to come over here
because survivors on and you wouldn't be
able to hear me but we ordered some food
that probably isn't the best for us it's
this place we used to order from at our
old house and we post mated it which
means it probably will be here in a long
time because we found out you can like
search places on post meats that are
really far away it just takes forever oh
by the way you guys wanna see the
aftermath of the drug video because we
haven't cleaned it yet this is what the
kitchen looks like from Jenna's video
this is where the carnage happened and
then these are some of the final
products then this is our fridge just
kind of how everyone else's fridge would
look on a normal Thursday I'm excited
because I feel like we've gotten through
thick part of the end of the year that
we were stressed about and we did a lot
of stuff made videos and travelled so
it's exciting you know obviously we have
podcasts and Jenna's extras videos to do
but it feels good to kind of have gotten
through that part anyway I just want to
check in with you guys hey what's up you
guys although it's not a very exciting
day in the house of Jenna and Julian
it is a day nonetheless and it is
vlogmas I never showed you guys what I
got at the beauty store I can I can show
you that I actually bought a couple
things and then after buying them I read
a couple comments on the blog and I was
enlightened that if you buy products
like hair products from your stylus or
barber or whatever it supports them it
you know gives them a cut of the sale
which they deserve and obviously I want
to support the person who's cutting my
hair especially because he did such a
great job so I bought these without
knowing that but I'm going to buy more
different items that I don't have from
him also so thank you guys for
enlightening me because I did not know
that
but what I did get is cru fiber and
forming cream so both of these are my
hair so it cooperates also another
project that I plan on attacking soon is
mounting a light on the boosted board at
night it's pretty much invisible
especially when you ride it and you're
anywhere in your cars so I have this
bike light and I want to figure out how
to mount it on a booster board I'll
probably include that in the vlog when I
do it just wanted to give you guys that
update things are all good help
everything is all good with you we are
gonna eat this food that's coming our
way
sometimes you got to eat the food that's
coming your way because if it's coming
your way who the fuck else is gonna eat
it except for you you know saying we're
watching jacksFilms your grammar starts
100 it's amazing it's an hour long I
love Jack Soloff
alright we're in bed right now and I
realize that I've worked very minimally
today so I figured my wife and I I keep
calling her if I keep saying well you
married me anyway um I figured we would
just kind of sit in bed and talk for a
second just to close out the vlog and
then I entire
um see is a tire flipper buddy that
little thing right there that that's a
tire flipper whenever he's tired he
can't like leave his paws at normal
straight or his arms or elbows elbows -
we've been watching survivor like I said
like heaven Will Survive American or old
seasons I have a question well how many
days have you been growing this beard
it's two and a half months to half
months yeah how long are you gonna grow
it I don't know what it's done the
bottom why is it bothering does it itch
is but ever since I started cleaning and
conditioning it doesn't it just much
it's just late you condition your beard
oh yeah what do you condition it with
conditioner well beers are coming in
later stuff coming you put conditioner
like on your face yeah why would you do
that and at the gym I do it on bench
pressing it helps wow did you get
because someone on the internet told me
to uh put conditioner in your blood I do
anything else was interested it has to
be in this you be a better solution well
here's the great debate guys should I
condition my beard my face or should I
fucking not even is there a difference
when you don't condition you be yeah I
told you it's just less when I condition
wash it maybe you just need a
moisturizer in your beard or like an oil
some moisturizing conditioner yeah I'm
not well are like an argan oil or
something I don't know what that second
word is that you said to me but I'll try
coconut
does it hurt if you shave that every day
depends how you're shaving if you shave
like up like against okay but it depends
like what you're shaving with a straight
razor if you know how to use it no it
shouldn't hurt everybody a razor like a
Mach 3 fucking shit yeah yeah those suck
those always hurt my skin because
there's so many blades on it just like
70 blue yeah so I switched to a safety
razor which is one blade so it's like a
straight razor except it's a safety
razor because it's in the thing and I
shave when I'm not growing a beard like
twice a week and it doesn't bother me I
wouldn't be able to shave every day that
was just too much time and it's
exhausting what's like your ideal facial
hair goals sometimes I'm digging the
like fresh clean look and sometimes like
the shadow and stubble and sometimes
like to grow it out it's just oh it's
all about what I'm feeling at that
that moment have you tried to like just
putting a bunch of Latisse on your face
and growing like the biggest food well
this is a fun talk I have a lot of
questions when do you decide to cut it
when it reaches the point of the
benefits are being outweighed by the
irritation and the annoyance why we have
control of the lights why did we do this
oh it's nice time yeah it is nighttime
anyway guys uh thank you for hanging out
thank you for watching the vlog and
thank you for bearing with me on a day
that's less than riveting and exciting
with millions of things going on but as
you know we always say we give you our
real lives and we choose not to prove to
you all the things we're doing all the
time sometimes you just want to show you
a little peek into our lives so that's
what I'm doing I'll see them off for the
next vlogmas I'm not even tired my boy
date is well goodness goodness what if
you've logged every day that you had a
frog then you called it fragments that's
what we're doing starting tomorrow
frog mess blob mmus Ragna Trogdon is
good my easy yes about this is why you
married me because the years start
coming in videos that probably you want
to say goodbye to the vlog
you
