good morning guys I'm literally running
out the door right now
and heading off to the post office to
drop off the hair of learning so I'm
carrying the bag full with my hair and
I'm gonna drop it off to send over to
Locks of Love I'm gonna run on the loser
board
I will be back but hi good morning happy
vlogmas day 16 I wear my sunglasses
inside I'm sorry alright I just dropped
off my hair at the UPS Store that sounds
weird it's a nice day out though so I
might ride around a little bit before I
head home I just got home
you got agree- little guy he's been so
great lately just quiet and like he just
even keeled it's so nice
look boy you're such a good girl and I
will you pee in a couple I want to be a
good bullet you want to go to the good
boy store alright that was me but no
he's in just like amazing so nice
because those two a wild there's no
angry or sad dogs just happiness okay
well then you just mashed him hey peach
you have to understand your size you
can't just jump around like you're his
sides you're five times his weight you
know you're not supposed to be up here
don't you you know it okay you know what
you can't just sleep on him it's such a
puppy wow this is weird just rode the
board almost to its limit distance-wise
I'm starting to like test out how far I
can go without having to bring the
charger with me I mean the worst case
scenario is I bring the charger with me
and I find a Starbucks and charge it up
for 30 minutes but I'm just doing some
ugly hang out by a little beep the
little beep probably have some lunch
soon so we are at the beauty supply
store because we come here once a week
no I'm just kid Jenna's shooting a
Pinterest thing and we're going here in
the wrong crap store next door but I
right now I'm actually looking for a few
things
so I can style my new hair well so I
just got one of those like circle
brushes give it some height you know get
a little bit of height and then I might
get some hairspray and maybe a few of
the things I feel like Raphael used
couple things with my hair when he was
styling at the end yesterday and I want
to be able to replicate that in my house
so oh here this is to offend you judges
can't find a rose water I am so sorry
about that but I have real problems to
deal with like my hair so I'm trying to
go find some stuff also there's a beard
oil that I'm considering getting but
probably won't need that I've never seen
it either this is the store that I
normally give you guys tutorials on what
everything does
alright this brush here is for when you
want to brush your hair but then maybe
also stab the someone this is
for when you want to shampoo but then
also like have a snack this is oil but
only if you're Latino not if you're not
you can't use it if your wife and same
thing here this is oil but only if you
are Moroccan you have to verify that
you're 100% Moroccan then you can use
the oil this section the stores here in
case you want to start a fire this is
for when you need a hairbrush but you
also need a plug your wine and you lost
your cork this is a great multi-use tool
right here alright this is for when your
moms like did you hear carrots and
you're like yeah and then you hold these
up but then you know any cats all right
this is great if you are trying to dye
your hair on the go like in the car or
on the bus anyone down here perfect size
these bags are great if you have like
really cool belongings but you want
everyone to see what they are all right
we're finished at the beauty store going
on
to the supply and craft store to get
Pinterest of things
well we went to the craft store and then
we went to another crafter go get a
peach are we to go to to to find all the
stuff we needed but it looks like we
have all supplies for Jenna's video now
all that we're going to do is we post
mated or we ordered some of the other
supplies that we couldn't find so that
will be delivered later we are going to
eat some dinner but once we're done
eating we're gonna get Jenna makeup and
camera ready and then drunk so we can
shoot her video because she's shooting a
drunk Pinterest thing right and I'm
gonna shoot it for so I estimate it'll
probably be a late night it'll be worth
it because these are normally really
funny but we're going to do this a
little differently in the most order
videos so it should be interesting
nonetheless will be fun and entertaining
it is know it's a funny day in it yeah
cuz you're just you like goofy drunk
well I mean I'm gonna have a
bloody I'm not gonna be a you know
 I have a bloody well that shoot
right it was gonna be alcohol out on set
I want to have a bloody I can shoot I
just oh it's crew says film or record we
shouldn't say it shoot Oh Bruce it's not
we're filming and it's not footage it's
their files she's in the 80s when there
are a lot of shootings happening and
people have like journalists and
everybody record about how they said the
word shoot well there are a lot of
shooting happening now so we got to be
careful again weird actually will record
it with filming actually I like filming
by the way you guys know how my mic died
on me yesterday on the other camera
well I got rid of that
that mic I'm not having a mic died on me
while I'm shooting yesterday's vlog well
I thought that was pretty important her
reaction of my new haircut and and that
audio is gone but not only was that
important but it could have been a lot
more important like if I was shooting
something way more important for
whatever and my mic cut out and I had no
warning or idea it was gone I can't have
that problem again so I literally
returned that mic and I'm getting a
different one that is bus powered which
means it gets its power from the camera
you don't need to change the batteries
it's always on again I'm sorry for that
a super amateur hour yesterday but um
won't happen again
see yeah we're gonna have some food and
then and then get going Oh God
you psycho how only she liked that song
alright so setting up for Jenna's video
which entails a lot of lights and
cameras time to get set up
so it looks like we are all about setup
right now we finish setting up all the
cameras the lights all the decorations
and supplies for the projects it's all
set up for her to get drunk and use so
the way it's going to work is I'm going
to turn this camera on get a one shot of
the whole thing and then I'm going to be
operating with Batman to get b-roll I'm
going to be shooting sort of like
aesthetic shots that you would see in a
beauty or a DIY video because that's the
style she's going for at least to troll
that style so I'm going to be
hand-holding that finding shots
throughout the whole thing while this is
recording the entire time and then
hopefully we can piece that together
into something that's really funny and
cool gonna be interesting because I'm
gonna be the camera man while she's
drunkenly playing with the stuff which
is always an interesting time it should
be a fun evening
that's almost neat alright so a little
last quick pit stop before we start
filming
I took a Ralph's to get bottle of
champagne and a Santa hat which feel
like throughout the winter is a trip to
Ralph's that everyone takes so they had
the champagne no Santa hat so I'm off
through another store to find a Santa
hat because we need a Santa hat
hey guys uh so fast for like a whole day
things have been absolutely crazy
between all the videos and everything
it's just been a crazy 24 hours since I
last vlog and we Jenna and I worked
really hard on getting her video up this
week which didn't go perfectly smooth
like there were complications but we got
past them and I've loved the video and I
think she likes it too so that's great
the videos up Jenna's you know mission
accomplished part of the reason why I
didn't vlog today was that but another
big reason was Jessie from from
prankvsprank my buddy Jesse he's he's
going through some really tough family
stuff right now and I'm sure many of you
have seen it because he put it on
Twitter because uh he was looking for
help
in this situation it was just it hit me
and it made me realize that sometimes
you just need to take a second and
appreciate everything that you have I am
very fortunate for so many reasons in my
life I have a lot of good people amazing
family and love everywhere and it just
didn't feel right to vlog today so I
didn't want you guys to know that I
appreciate you very much and I feel as
though having an audience implements a
duty in my life to be real and part of
that is when real life things happen
good or bad great or horrible that I'm
real with you guys then I don't force
blogs out for the sake of it and that
sometimes you need to let life affect
you the way it's supposed to so that's
all obviously my thoughts and prayers
with Jesse and his family if you guys
feel compelled to do so go over to his
Twitter page and leave him a nice
comment because he's going through it
but um yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the
beginning of the vlog where I was
actually blogging and it was like a full
day and I also hope you guys enjoyed
Jenna's strong video because uh we
worked free on it and I think it came
out pretty funny I love you guys
I hope all of you are well and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
for the next day of vlogmas thanks good
night
