good morning everyone and happy vlogmas
today is the last day I'm gonna have a
man bomb I'm cutting my hair today
because I'm just done with it I'm ready
to move on from this hairstyle there's
no really mind-blowing reason it's just
that it gets in my face a lot I feel
like it'd be a lot more convenient for
training all the moving around I'm doing
it's constantly my face and I'm not
really good at maintaining it too well
so uh it had a great run I'd say about a
year and a half I had a full-blown kind
of bun going on long enough hair to do
that and it was great but I am going
over to cut my hair in about an hour and
a half so I'm pretty nervous and at this
point I still have no idea what I'm
gonna do to it we'll just have to see I
will bring you with me don't worry I'm
gonna go to my man Rafael who will be
cutting my hair pretty big day I feel
like it's been a long time I don't know
it's just it's one of those things where
a couple days ago I had an overwhelming
sensation that I really really wanted to
cut kind of small thoughts building up
building up and then I'm like yeah be
really nice if I had short hair right
now so I'm gonna do it all right it's
happening I'm leaving the house I'm
gonna go cut my hair this is the last
look my hair will ever get at this house
maybe unless I grow up a cow you gonna
miss it right I got a helmet and it
barely fits right now cuz my hair but
that's not for long I'm headed down to
the hair salon to get my hair cut it's
gonna be fun interesting fun new change
I don't know it's just time guys it's
time it's like rush hour right now so a
boosted board was a perfect idea
missing all the traffic hey I'm sorry
really that's all right come on awesome
so I just got here I have a couple
pictures on my phone about the style but
I'm looking for but I feel like it's
gonna be different I'm down I'm here
with Rafael and he's gonna cut my hair
right now ready he gave me a Brazilian
Blowout okay a couple months ago and so
I texted him and he was crazy surprised
and I was like I want to cut my hair so
he's like you guys you guys are all very
surprised and angry but we're gonna cut
my hair now all right so a lot of you
guys were asking if I was planning on
donating the hair that's what we're
doing right now we're sectioning off the
sides in the back to cut off into
ponytails to donate cuz it's small
enough the cutoff is 10 inches and
surpassing 10 inches pretty good so
we're doing that first and then we are
going to get the Clippers out and
they're going
what's up my name is Julian look at my
hair
you guys recognize me this is so totally
different from what I'm used to when I'm
pumped right now
I think Raphael killed it he killed it
it looks great he had a vision and we
executed it I want to go home and
surprise Jenna I want to see her
reaction because it's gonna be good
enjoy the new look thank you so much I
appreciate it
sorry you too take care okay hold on
I'll explain so when I got home to show
Jenna my hair the camera was on but
finally because there's no warning with
the mic on my camera the battery on the
mic died so there's no audio so Jenna
had an idea I was like oh let me just
record a really shitty voiceover but
like take our videos whoo yeah so this
is genis yeah don't worry I'll just
recreate the moment for you right now
okay just gonna recreate the moment okay
ready yeah here we go all right
no volume all the dogs are excited oh
here I come
and then I'm like oh snap there's my bad
Yankees
omote sorry I have to cop my tickle in
my throat anyways I'm like ah there's
like lots of yelling here and then I'm
touching it and then I'm sure I said
something inappropriate about Pete like
oh I'm just putting up on sale and I'm
like oh my god it's so rad oh my
god um and then I pet you and then I was
like oh oh no um anyways then you walked
away from me and I'm like bitch get back
here so I followed you and like don't
really have a bra on anyways but that's
okay and then you like touched it and
looked at it and I'm like no stop
looking yourself dude come look at me
but like look how good it looks see I
told you life's too short not to have
newly exciting hair and then you touched
it some more and I'm like stop talking
to yourself and touching it let me touch
you I want to touch you touch one
million times
cut your tooth out but we're not talking
right cut out God gives sorry and then
I'll keep throwing up some piece and no
that's a gang sign it's called the the
sunshine gang oh yeah man
I made it I feel good yeah and then I
started pulling your hair down then I
was like yo Julian let me do a Jenna's
ratchet salon and then I almost coughed
like I just said now because I have a
tickle in my throat and then Joe's like
yeah dude and I'm like yeah you got a
part
your boy talking baned your hair up
what's his name again Raphael yeah he
banged you up and then I've loved you
and Papa bless probably don't they don't
want you to cut your hair well thank you
for that really sing out over breakfast
sorry I'm a complete amateur my mic dad
 me love soap don't don't forget
Julian's this where you talk about
though you don't want you to have long
hair what do you talk about your whites
yeah is mana watching you breakfast your
node of soap is the key to success
everyone knows that right now we're
moving on to Jenna's master salon yeah
that I begged him to let me do a ratchet
salon so he finally gave in thanks for
giving in to my shitty voiceover with
audio no audio and visual do you not
know who I am
I don't think Marvel knows who I am
Wow alright so I figured what better way
to break in welcome there Jenna's
ratchet salon give all of you swanee so
in case you couldn't tell I just gave
Julian this beautiful cut no you didn't
get me to kiss me I'm fine we just
chopped it right off and then I gave
them some texture so that's what we did
right no no we didn't do any darling I
didn't even do anything I just sat down
what's the name of the person that cut
your hair right I think
roughing up name is Raphael Raphael pull
off the Ninja Turtle tonight you hear
now that I'm Raphael the Ninja Turtles
got Julian's here um I want to show you
all the looks that I came up with so
that it's so versatile um then weekend
on you literally just said it so
personally enjoy it's so versatile why
are you charging me to say thank you
give me a $30 I'll show you how
versatile okay this is everybody it'll
be $40 for the first 10 there's an
anniversary they just paid you $20 Wow
what do you need $10 I'm trying to take
my money okay so my first favorite is
just when you move it up like this all
over if you could stop looking at
yourself in the picture you get stuck
call me on my cell phone
that'll be $30 for this book call me on
my cell phone
oh wait not how you yo you that's my
Duncan oh I'm gonna for you I'm gonna
say I already pay you $100 for nothing
mailtraq all right just start what's
your first dude stop doing that with you
now how am I supposed to do the line if
you text it up in your neck you can't
fight the beauty when you deep in don't
my gosh I don't see something right the
beauty I'm getting so stretched relax
stop massaging me I mean if I had some
hot stones and put them all over your
backside don't be just gonna have to
figure like you oh it
oh my god those so violent first look
and Jenna stop moving but it itch you
can't eat yourself here okay you two
jobs with you please disgusting take a
bath my first box is like you just own
up get it all up in the stuff like this
now this is where you man bond was so
because you don't have a man bun anymore
you're gonna have to compensate because
you have feeling self-conscious you just
going to push it forward explain as much
as you can but you don't want to have it
to be over the one side that's the
different is going fall like up
if you're gonna change it why would I
pay you you know what fine I'll give you
your total thank you
my next book for Janice ratchet flow on
is just like Elmo by the ones that come
on but you're not gonna comb it over cuz
you're old and you miss any hair okay
you're combing it over because you're
young and you have choices and you're
down with the woman's but maybe also you
don't know we're down with because you
could be down with anybody because James
is the social construct that's what my
son always tells me right I think that
this book's can you live like sit still
for once I haven't done yet
swear to God oh my god just waking up
your third eye I put a bunch of products
in your hair it's called up to do it do
the thing and say you're my mother yes
young and fresh and beautiful 80 breezy
cobble Julie's told you next book I've
been working on I'm very excited point
you're gonna take it down in the middle
part down the middle here push all your
bags forwards push them push them
forward and then hike the back up I call
this the funny games haircut you think
this is the game so movie about these
two guys who look like this you're gonna
murder a family my next look can you
stop I'm just yeah a little bit I'm here
on my back I just got my hair cut a lot
of it you know looks nice except look at
this you got like all these wings
happening Oh God worker this one is
called this one's called Carmen's
birthday parade this one is called
newborn baby Goyle
cuz when you have a baby sometimes but
yeah she's so pretty
that's what everybody's gonna do to you
the horrifying spoon all right hold it
this one is called doubt emo bunny with
the email hairdo put your head up when
you think this is this is a salon stop
moving let me see yeah put your head up
no one can see in here when you doing
that why do you think people have bends
you can't just walk around with the eyes
closed all the time just because you
have been open yeah I know how should we
make a brain phone you gotta love
yourself love yourself
let it out Julian who are you ha ha ha
mean all right you know what get out you
know what my lovely girlfriend back
thousand times away and actors I'm back
since all your back well looks like you
don't know what you got you know okay
thank you guys for watching the vlog
hopefully you are enjoyed it and the
dome a new haircut because I really
enjoyed its that's all I care about
okay I'm glad you like alright yeah yeah
that's my yo-yo to talk about yesterday
I love you guys I'll see you tomorrow
fog missed a 16 by the way you're
getting this vlog like 10 hours early so
enjoy it what do we owe you something
no okay no okay now you're not gonna be
my personal space guys
