good morning friends happy vlogmas day
14 it's like a gloomy day up sort of and
the daylights kind of running out
because we got a late start to the day
but well you're going to go to the dog
park until if the dogs run around and
kind of just get them out of the house
because we haven't done that a little
bit and they're kind of wily today you
wily Kermit we're putting clothes on
them so Kermit runs to hide before we go
I wanted to try something so a couple of
long ago I showed you guys that I got
this in the mail which apparently is
caffeinated chewing gum from Korea
it's caffeinated chewing gum so Jason
and I are going to try this this is what
it looks like inside all right so that's
what it looks like inside like black
little pieces of gum that look slightly
terrifying but we're gonna we're gonna
be brave and try to help some so I just
taking one take one oh maybe bad so I'm
really minty like really ready
Oh woah ah I bet you're not my sinuses
oh this is like pure cayenne holy fuck
are we gonna die I think I just
caffeinated my sinuses maybe I like
clears you out with this such mint that
you just feel energized I think that's
what it is I look happy in that holy
shit everything's in Korean fuck well I
guess we'll see but that is intense
alright we're gonna go to the dark park
now you look awfully pretty today you
look very cute in your pink New York
hoodie you know how cute you are peach
peachy do you love New York trying to
edge you try to itch you're so cute
Kermit's hiding because we're putting on
clothes Kermit I know you hate clothes
buddy but it's cold out you need to wear
some clothes no more hiding buddy you
got to do it general the general Carmen
it's just a cold
okay we're gonna kill you plus you look
sleek in it come on it's not even
restricting you from permitting me all
right so we're on our way to the dog
park right now we're almost there and
Peach has been crying almost
but as you guys know she will cry on the
way to whatever we're doing but on the
way back she's just happy in the sleep
so we're gonna go dark work it's like
really cool weather out I sent over
tasks just like I like it so we made it
to the dog park and we step foot inside
and so it's raining so we'll probably
not be here for too long but the good
news is it's cleared out no one's here
so that's great
marbles being aggressive to other bigger
dogs so just another normal day but as
much as people complain about this
weather
I absolutely relish it I love this
weather so much oh marble you got the
time out treatment rubble you can't yell
at dogs
we found an Iggy and the he's name is
dandelion and they said Kermit was
dandelions inspiration that's why they
got Daniel and this is Daniel that's
dandelion hi dandelion baby anyway and
we just have melissa here and Melissa
has dandelion even Iggy and Herman
inspired dandelion that's right actually
alex is his mom I'm his auntie's okay
cool yeah over there talking to Jenna oh
my god freaks out though getting dressed
yeah Herman hateful - yeah very cute so
nice marble marble he's our friend
hope Louise egan here soon all right
bye guys I was so cool
we saw Kermit's little bud guys we Jason
and I are heading to the hardware store
right now because we need to fix Jenna
in my bed it was built sort of them
properly with the wrong size screw so
we're gonna go get some new screws and
try to fix it because our bed like every
three or four months just collapses
because the pegs fall out and it's
ridiculous so we're going to try to go
solve this problem for real and to do
that we need to hardware so we're gonna
pick it up and we're going to come back
and fix it
six yeah
yeah sure thanks so much all right guys
we're leaving aash right now we got all
the stuff we need hopefully we can just
fix this thing up and then be done with
this problem and amazingly I got
everything I needed Vermont that never
happens
all right so we fucking did this shit
nailed it better down boom we completely
reconstructed the planks on the bottom
because they were done improperly and we
did it got the right hardware ever had
hardware and now we're going to sleep
tight fish out there so we spend some
time fixing the bed and to celebrate I
made us blood ease I feel like a Sunday
night deserves the bloody especially
when you fix shit that day as fixing
shit feels good anyway we are going to
just show off with the rest of the night
and drink our buddies but I want to say
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the Sunday vlog I'll see you
guys some off for vlogmas day 15 guys 15
we're over halfway Stoke Cheers
