so guys we hung out in this little
garage for a while and now we're heading
back because the fights are going to
start and the wings are not going to eat
themselves so we're gonna go head back
to the house got a little bit of a ride
my brother's gonna come over we're gonna
get festive and watch UFC 194 all right
so we're on a night walk I decided this
whole vlog is gonna be shot outside at
night and somehow we made it back to
this garage this garage is like a really
fun nighttime activity because it's not
completely dark like there's lights here
we can kind of ride around there's open
space so and it's smooth too so if we're
riding like the hover boards or the
boosted board it's pretty sweet I don't
know if you guys have like a parking
garage by your house but as a kid I had
that too like growing up there was this
parking garage that we would go play
hockey and football on top of because I
had like five siblings and friends over
all the time so we would have these epic
hockey and football games on top of this
garage this partner garage it was always
empty at night and this reminds me of
that because it's like a little spot and
it's just such a cool thing to have like
night adventures are so much more fun
when you have like a spot like this Oh
got it all right so there's this outdoor
area where it's actually darker and
there's a guy parked over there probably
doing something he's not supposed to be
doing in this car and then there's a
homeless guy guys this is intriguing
stuff
see behind me but stuff going on here
life happens at night you know just
happened why don't I do all my vlogs at
night this is so cool
maybe I should maybe I should just
change my vlogging channel to a night
vlogging channel and then just go on
adventures not like those kind of
adventures oh that's weird
gabs which camera are you are you
vlogging with are you that's you Jenna
yeah
okay so we can see those stars on the
vlog right now but I can't even see some
of them in real life which is nuts I'm
just letting it all the way and then
this is all the art back there guys if
you have an idea of like things I could
do at night that I normally wouldn't be
able to do with just like a stock iPhone
camera let me know because I want to do
some cool night stuff in the vlogs
because I can film stuff that we can see
at night that we wouldn't be able to see
otherwise so I think we're gonna walk a
little bit now I leave the garage guys
be careful of that danger it's very
dangerous
look what happened to that guy what a
joke guys this danger is not a joke
there's danger everywhere here
careful another danger all right we were
leaving our garage and the ISO is a
little bit higher now guess we're gonna
be like what the fuck languages is out
Jason's playing a loop of me saying beer
in slow motion and it's creeping
everyone out so weird
yeah I'm carrying around Jenna's vlog
camera cuz we're vlogging for her
because she took a nap and it's funny
and hopefully she can use it in her vlog
because she would do the same thing for
me honestly if I fell asleep and I
didn't make a vlog yet she would vlog
for me and she has done that before so I
love her well that's not while her that
quality in her is what I love her I can
see the stars it's crazy out with all
those thumbs guys fucking dope what a
cool night yeah you guys can see more
stuff than us so I never really told you
my thoughts on the fights tonight and I
figured now would be a good time to do
that like a little walk and talk at
night first of all the fights more than
exceeded my expectations I was so crazy
excited going into this car we give 200
for it's just probably the biggest card
I've ever experienced because it had so
many cool fights Conor McGregor was
amazing and that quick knockout is just
a testament to his complete poise under
pressure there's so many things about
Aldo that made me feel like he was
rattled by all the talk that McGregor
had kind of thrown his way and that was
incredible Chris Weidman wasn't his
night I still think he can beat Luke
Rockhold but Luke Rockhold fought a hell
of a fight and like I said before the
co-main event if either four of these
guys win the next fight I wouldn't even
be surprised whoever wins I'm not even
surprised because there's four the best
fighters in the entire world I felt like
the Yoel Romero if I
it was a little tainted cuz yo L can
fight dirty sometimes anyway it was a
blast it was a really fun night watching
the fights my brother came over like I
told you and he hung out with us I love
hanging out with him a long time ago
when I first got into MMA my brother and
I would we would go down to the local
bar and watch the fights together so our
love for MMA is a shared passion that
goes way back but anyway it was a great
night and it's kind of nice to just like
explore right now although I miss my my
my boo thing I wish she was with us
maybe we'll go back and go to her and do
another walk we'll see all right we are
going back to the house now and gonna
see what's up for the rest of the night
maybe it's nothing but I really did have
a fun night just exploring a night vlog
and like I said before let me know what
you guys want to see in terms of me
going out and doing stuff at night
because this is fun stuff so give me
ideas for 90 adventures and I will make
them happen I will make them a reality
for you to watch hopefully you guys
enjoyed today's vlog for tonight's vlogs
thanks for watching vlogmas being 13
then I'll see you guys to tomorrow for
the next one later
