good morning guys I just woke up with
little peach here it's super cold and
wintry and raining outside which is dope
as fuck although I'm not sure how much
boosted board riding I'm going to be
doing in the rain I have a whole list of
things I have to take care of today but
somehow sitting in my desk and watching
youtube videos is just taking priority
overall but I don't know how that works
but it is my closets a complete mess I
need to absolutely clean the shit out of
that closet there's cleaning pennies
that happened downstairs I need to make
a plan for my hair and as you guys know
hair is gonna go oh also I need to
unpack which is part of the closet thing
and have an impact when I collectively
for the last like six months because I
just packed again and then not unpacked
but um I guess sometimes when you have a
ton to do you just sit around and do not
a bit because it feels better
you're making me like a hot chocolate
get real festive later or or I could
order some hot chocolates so I don't
have to make them and post meets them
and then I can get one for dinner and
then wow that was a great idea
thank you for that idea guys thank you
for that idea alright I feel like a lot
better I've had some caffeine and
feeling energized and it stopped raining
it's like sunny out now where'd you go
rain whatever it's all good I ain't mad
I got some rain for a little bit now
it's gone whatever
okay so jenna is having a meeting with a
Rome right now and I got this one see
being naughty but I wanted to show you
what I'm doing I'm taking a time-lapse
right now but I removed the screen out
of one of our windows to do it and I
mounted my camera on the ledge which is
kind of sketch but I want to show you
how I like made it safe so the camera is
involved it's pretty good I kind of want
to show you alright so I'm taking it
from the gym room up here upstairs and
this is what it looks like alright so
the cameras right up there shooting the
sky and on the camera I strapped in this
cord that's not being used and the cord
goes down to this little dog bed because
it's a heated dog bed but I put a weight
on it so if the camera falls over for
whatever reason it would just hang
because this is gonna protect it
Julian's professional photography tips
101 when what's happening
way in this is the wane for Aldo
McGregor I own this earlier but these
fights that I get so excited about that
I'm thinking about them all week and I'm
just playing the fight over and over in
my head only calm like once a year if
that these are like the Chael Sonnen
Anderson Silva George st. Pierre Matt
Serra like these types of fights get me
so pumped these are the epic like
big-time legendary fights and this Aldo
McGregor card has been pumping me up for
so long and all week I've been thinking
about it
so I'm excited to watch it on Saturday
but right now the weigh-ins are
happening so we'll probably watch that
whoo it's gonna be dope all right that
guy on the Left Joe Cocker a little fun
fact before I started making vlogs on my
youtube channel I would interview in the
Navy fighters and I interviewed him
Jenna Jenna was there when I started
that channel she was a big reason why I
made that channel but then I was I just
did radio and but whatever yeah there
was like five or six episodes where I
had professional fighters on and I read
them and Joe Proctor was one on he's
fighting tomorrow fuck yeah and he's
friends and he's friends with Joe Lauzon
book yeah
so I want to come out on the board it's
nice and cool out man
especially for riding it's a little wet
yeah cuz it rained earlier so I just
went out to explore a little bit and
it's like it's chilly shoulda brought a
sweater especially when you're you know
riding around and then the winds hitting
you like I said the clouds just looking
insane today and so I wanted to kind of
capture some of that we just watched the
UFC weigh-ins and it was fucking dope
I'm so excited for tomorrow I just came
out for a little ride
before it gets dark and I think we're
gonna hang out tonight with some friends
and have a nice little weekend but
beautiful day out stars that come out so
I have not made any official plans to
cut my hair although I think it might be
happening Monday I so I'm I aim for
and I'm looking into how I want to do it
and everything obviously you're gonna
see at least a part of it I'll film it
but uh I'm not gonna cry at least I
don't think I'm gonna cry don't tell me
to cry I I think what I'll probably do
is I'll make a game gametime decision
I'll cut the sides and see if I have any
interest in and even even if I cut the
rest a little shorter keep any on the
top otherwise it'll probably just be my
old haircut yeah that's it's kind of
what's gonna happen I'm not gonna lie
I'm really looking forward to it because
my hair it's weird like ever since
yesterday when I mentioned that my hair
was in my way I feel like it's been even
more my way since then it knows it's
become self-aware my hair has become
self-aware Jenna's gonna protest this
whole thing and then I'm gonna do it
she's gonna be like you looks so
handsome I'm gonna look handsome I'm
gonna look so fucking it's alright guys
so for the end of this vlog since
tomorrow or today for you is gonna be
UFC 194 and I told you how excited I am
for it Jenna and I are gonna give you
our fight predictions on the fighters
for the main card of UFC 194 so if you
don't like anime see you guys tomorrow
don't like right so basically the way
Jenna calls fights and chooses who she
thinks is gonna win is by looking at
basically it's like kind of like a mug
shot it's like their picture when they
put up pictures up next to each other
and Jenna I don't even doubt this cuz
she's been
right so many times but generally if she
has a way to look into their eyes to see
if they have the dub or the W or the
wind in their eyes and that's how she
picks I think because I like to analyze
the fight but these might be wrong
though because I don't have the music
I'll just sing it you just sing it okay
I usually pick them as they play the
opening card when the music goes you
know what I can put that music in
right-tail UFC tale of the tape music
that's what's called tail of the tape
like the measuring tape alright max
Holloway versus Jeremy Stephens I can't
I can't I can't
you're annoying me if one party thinks
it's funny that doesn't make it
automatically funny buddy
okay max Holloway versus Jeremy see
Jeremy Stephens my pick for this fight
is also Jeremy Stephens I think Jeremy
Stephens has been kind of on a rise
lately and Max Holloway's a stud but
he's not as tough Jeremy Stephens is
tough so you guys know I'm not faking I
don't know who was Julian's pick sorry
for anything mine first
yeah all right now we got Demian Maia
versus Gunnar Nelson Danny Maia
all right I picked Gunnar Nelson I think
Demian Maia is incredibly talented
grappler and a Great Wall rounded
fighter but Gunnar Nelson is young and
he's improving very very fast and he's
terrifying
he's got like a machine a karate style
stand up and his ground game is non-stop
all right next we got Jacare Souza or
Yoel Romero
Oh
Souza on that note guys bother the fuck
out of her so she buys new glasses I
don't know why she doesn't have any
glasses I pick Jacare as well chakra is
just way better than Romero Romero is
tough and big but Jacare is way more
technical comit√© event
middleweight title fight Chris Weidman
versus Luke Rockhold
lower it Weidman Chris Weidman I think
he submits the Bravo main event Josie
all diverse Connor the notorious
McGregor we can't hear your fucking
voice I love Carter but Josie's got ever
since we were in Ireland ok so I'm I
want Connor to win even I really like
Josie although can I see um I wanted to
say that Josie
although has a dub in his eye but I
would be really happy if Connor won cuz
I love ok um this is tough pick
I think leg kicks are gonna be the
biggest determining factor if Josie all
do establishes leg kicks Connors in
trouble otherwise Connor could take this
fight I think Connor could win a
decision or a TKO I would go with Connor
good fight predictions we're excited for
the fight by the way in case you're
wondering this is in no way sponsored
we're just huge UFC fans gonna be huge
event tomorrow night and that's gonna
happen all night tomorrow night so I
better just get fucking used to it
but I love you guys thanks for watching
vlogmas day 12 I'll see you tomorrow for
vlogmas day 13 when we know the outcome
of that crazy fight and Jenna's done
singing that song join the club
alright bye guys
