good morning alright PG go attack go
potty have your morning business anyway
just got back from training I rode the
booster board all the way to the gym
which was so sick but uh I'm up I'm
feeling good
I almost overslept my workout this
morning I slept till like five minutes
before I started hopped out of the door
and I made it but um I'm feeling good
I'm kind of gonna need to have some
protein soon but luckily I just got more
protein in the mail because we are low
so I'm gonna go open that and make
myself a protein shake now
you want some protein powder so for you
fuck I just opened this and I checked in
the last second and since it's cookies a
cream I guess it was wheat in it fuck
come on tell you core what the hell is
that anytime I'm digging for the spoon
in a protein powder bin I feel like I'm
reaching my hand through the sand of the
beach except sand is good sweet fucking
protein alright that was a bit of an
ordeal getting my protein I was happy
that I checked otherwise I would have
been sick anyway just trying to get
started for the day I wanted to say hi
happy vlogmas day 11 I hope you guys are
having a wonderful start to your day I
might hop on the board and then go meet
up with Jason and Josh to play some
frisbee because Jason hit me up and he's
gonna see what Josh is doing hopefully
all three of us can go I think we're
gonna do that in about an hour right now
I'm just gonna have a little chill time
but good morning I'll see you guys in a
bit
good morning good morning hello so cute
hello and okay Karma's Jesus Kerma has
your tail buddy to tail better detail
okay let's see it's actually looking a
lot better it was just like a bump but
it's not like bent anymore feel okay
buddy yeah oh that was weird
I'm just coming in kiss okay you know
it's morning there's no need for any of
that
Oh Jenna just said that peach is just
such a lab trapped in an Italian
Greyhound body I think that's like very
very spot on your lap she does that
thing which is so excited she's just
pure happiness
Alina honey yeah no she's not Italian
Greyhounds have very different
temperaments in peach I haven't really
met in the time around like peach effort
yeah me neither
Kermit's not a normal time guard either
he's the other side of the spectrum he's
weird
Oh Oh what are you doing there eating
some is there food you know what is that
there's like a little it looks like
caramel or something that is how did you
get so what all right so uh looks like
Josh won't make it to frisbee today it's
just giving me and Jason but I'm gonna
head over there right now so let's go
play some frisbee
so I haven't played frisbee in a while
so I'm kind of excited and it's nice and
cool out today so we're not kind of just
like boil in the heat but yeah Jason I
don't know if you guys know Jason he
used to play frisbee like pretty
seriously like in leagues and stuff so
he's fucking wicked good frisbee and
playing with his a lot of fun because he
teaches you a lot of shit while you play
well shit looks like the field is shut
down all right so that kind of throws a
wrench in the plans here I mean text
Jason and what yeah the fields like shut
down I know all right so I mean Jason's
car right now he's running into the bank
because Bank of America cancelled his
car but he tried to buy my book so he's
getting a temporary card and then we're
gonna go play frisbee at the other side
of the park the side that's not closed
and then you guys remember my protein
powder that I couldn't eat this morning
I'm gonna give it to Jason because he
needs protein powder and he doesn't have
a kryptonite called gluten so he'll be
able to have it oh I also thought of one
more thing I wanted to mention I watched
Grace's vlog mist parody yesterday and
it was really really funny I remember
reading comments saying that like people
were getting shaded and stuff I thought
it was just hilarious honestly so if
grace is watching my vlogmas good parody
I like the dog stuff that made me laugh
a lot but grace probably doesn't watch
my vlogs but if you are hi grace guys
that's Jason behind me she's following
me wrong a little tandem ride right now
so we finished playing frisbee and I'm
gonna bring them home so I can give them
that stuff of protein powder but what's
up dude I don't know you sly
you're going 20 yeah I was going for
beer we tested it goes elite 20 wait
he's still not wearing a helmet yellow I
know you guys are hitting me up hurt
pretty hard the comment I actually have
a helmet and my brother's going to give
it to me this weekend so I will be
wearing a helmet once I get it but for
now we Evel Knievel the fuck out I'll be
safe guys knowing all right this is
Jason's narrow because I can't eat it
there you go here's my kryptonite let my
kryptonite give you strength it's real
it's really like the best protein powder
yeah well enjoy he'll get nice and
jacked so guys we are about a record
Jenna's radio show for Sirius XM as we
do every Thursday she just spent a
little while writing it so now we're
going to get on skype and do the
recording and then I think we will
probably podcast later because we got to
do that before the weekend and today's
normally when we do it so we'll probably
podcast I just was laying down on the
beanbag chair with peach because I
didn't get too much sleep last night I
got like five and a half hours which
it's okay I can function but I'm just a
little slow today after training this
morning anyway
we're going to bust this out but you
guys want to take a selfie first oh you
blinked
we're at the pathetic story now because
I had to drop off the posters from the
podcast winners I was trying to use this
app that like will pick up from your
house and then ship it for you but
unfortunately it doesn't work it's not
available in our area so I just went to
the back door and we ship them off so
destiny and Catherine you guys will be
getting your awesome giant posters of
Jenna very soon now we're gonna head
home and what we're gonna do next
my podcast see you at home guys I just
podcast and now it's raining listen I
love that sound
I love the rain it's so fast I'm hungry
Petry trying to eat the selfie stick
it's not your selfie stick Noddy
so we're just hanging out watching some
old Survivor like really old survivor
like four by three dimensions and the TV
old we had watched awesome fights
earlier there was a UFC fight on fight
past and we watched it it was pretty
dope
Doug Rose won right babe but I just have
in the last hour have just overwhelming
feeling that I want to cut my hair I
just get really like annoyed with my
hair sometimes it's like in my way Jenna
has asked that I do one exciting fun
thing before I just cut it all off so
I'm trying to figure out what that is
I think what I'll probably do is I'll
shave the sides and see how I like that
but yeah it's just it's just a lot of
hair to deal with like my hair's fucking
long guys I don't pissing so many off
right now but you know what sometimes
you just got to do it's comfortable and
I've grown this a solid amount and I
feel like it's sufficient and I've
enjoyed it but just getting that feeling
like it's just overwhelming me with
frustration sometimes I'm just like
constantly putting it out of hair and
knotted and I don't know terrible
I'm such a bad long hair person anyway I
wanted to let you know that so you can
start freaking out now guys we are in
bed watching some old Survivor we just
move it upstairs because it's late but
we're tandem editing the vlog right now
I just wanna say goodnight thank you for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow for
day 12
and I'll feel what are you doing all
right on that note oh hey hi guys
she's hi well
