what is up guys
vlog is day 10 I am in Santa Monica
right now and the reason for that is
that I'm back at this skate shop that I
went to with Jesse about a week ago to
get the boosted board
so I've been calling a non-stop ever
since I rode one with Jesse and
apparently they have ones coming in
today in about an hour
some I literally just showed up because
Santa Monica is like a bit of a drive
especially doing traffic so I want to
beat traffic so I basically came here
you know talk to the owner put my name
down so if they come he's gonna call me
and then hopefully I can come grab my
boosted board I've been trying so hard
to get one they are nowhere guys like
the boosted boards are in such high
demand that skate shops everywhere are
sold out you can't even buy it on the
website it's crazy so fingers crossed
that rip City will come through today
but for right now I'm just kind of
chilling in Santa Monica probably gonna
kill a little time right now hopefully
we can get a board I really want that
board alright I got hungry so I put my
name down at the shop my guy works over
there he's gonna call me if the boards
come in but I ran to get some food over
here because there's like a quick sushi
spot that's easy and it's more
importantly right down the street so I
don't miss a thing and then get them
food and rush back there
so I just uh having some food when I
wait for her this board because I'm
still just camped out and the woman next
to me sorry this is fucking weird the
woman next to me was humming while she
was eating like so loud and it wasn't
even like a song it was just these weird
like high notes that she was humming
weirdest thing ever
so I hate really fast and I got the fuck
out and now it's back to the waiting
game kinda I really hope I come up today
it's 25 minutes before the time that he
said that ex would come so we still have
time but don't hum while you eat really
loud a public place unless you want to
and then you're weird and then people
are gonna want to move I literally moved
away from her and I could still hear so
I just ate my food really bad and then I
left
guys I struck out today the shipment
didn't arrive today was supposed to
arriving tomorrow but luckily I'm on a
list so that when it comes tomorrow I'll
get a call I might have to come back on
this part of town tomorrow but I'm gonna
do it smarter tomorrow we're not gonna
come so that I have to sit in traffic on
the way back because that is the worst
thing in the world and that is my least
favorite part one of my least favorite
parts about LA so uh no dice today I'm
kind of gutted but hopefully we can come
up with it tomorrow and then hop on the
board to have a fucking good time good
morning guys
so right now I am well I'm first of all
I'm wearing a very festive You Tube
Christmas sweater but Jason's coming
over because we're gonna go around to
try to get the board again today as you
guys saw yesterday I was waiting outside
of this gate shop the board never came
because the shipment was late I had to
come up empty-handed but today it's
supposed to come in and I will be
getting a phone call so it's not like
I'm gonna just kind of leave it up to
chance
hopefully they'll call me and be like
your boards here and then it's a sure
thing I could just go pick it up but
Jason is gonna come make the trip with
me and we're gonna go do that today
hopefully we'll get it done but I'm just
kind of hanging around the house getting
things done we we have a lot of get done
it's Wednesday amongst many other things
but uh yes hello
vlog missed day 10 hope you guys enjoy
the little bonuses of the rewind and
look at Jenna's matching sweaters
really cute so yeah it's just kind of
normal shit going on around here but I'm
gonna wait till Jason gets here
hopefully get a nice little phone call
from the skate shop and then head and do
that
alright so Jason's holding the camera
for me thank you Jason we are got the
call
the board is at the shop so it's
confirmed he's holding the board for us
and we're going to get it right now so
I'm fuckin pumped
we're gonna get this board we're getting
a boosted board took us two days to camp
out but we're getting it it's worth it
now we're gonna be able to ride around
like a maniac so let's go get the
booster board guys we're here we made it
the board is waiting for me I just got
to put a quarter in the meter so I don't
get a ticket in the five minutes that
I'm here Dipsy skates got my board
picking up the booster board Jason's
here fucking rolling what not waiting
outside your shop oh yeah they are I
came to the shop when I was like 15 and
then I didn't come back until now and
I've been here like three times
well good thank you thank you so much
Jim take care I appreciate it
I will try I'm pumped we're leaving
right now
we got the board we're gonna get back to
the valley as soon as we can those
windows were tinted and we're gonna ride
this thing as soon as we get back so
let's fucking do this man I'm so pumped
I'm on the board I'm so excited that I
have this thing we're gonna have some
adventures on this
raw horse it takes a second to really
get used to like the power of the things
guys I'm back on the board we were just
at home helping Jenna prepare for her
video and then we went for a ride to get
caffeine even though here you have
caffeine I really just wanted to ride
the board just need to get on the board
man it's so crazy so fast this is the
coolest thing ever hit my head that was
not a good idea I know I came in a
little too hot I would smack the camera
hopefully it looked jumped up right it's
all fucking matters all right well we're
ordering dinner right now and we're
getting ready for Jenna's video but
we're gonna eat some food because we
haven't eaten in a while come here
captured I'm in love with that board I'm
gonna ride it all over the place but
yeah we're just kind of preparing for
the shoot and then we're gonna do our
vlogs too cuz Jenna's gonna vlog today
after if she's done cuz of log miss got
a plateful soon there's gonna be some
edamame on that plate too
guys what up I am getting ready to shoot
Jenna's video right now I'm trying to
find some batteries fucking batteries
alright talk about it I'm actually
excited right now because this is the
first proper Jenna video that we shot on
the new lens that I have so it looks
pretty dope addressed Thank You buggy
this is a setup right now and that's our
subject yeah one of my own think it up
I've just been seeing
oh yeah he's helping me play about the
shot I didn't tell you can get up ah
just stay for like another two hours or
something but it should be quick after
that we're shooting in this corner of
the podcast from the podcast is normally
over there and we're having light right
there light here but Jason's gonna be
the flight attendant sharing where the
emergency exits are what's the real me
challenge that was so great is like so
creepy how you did that it's like the
pace to look he's the president so when
I'm over here and we're looking at him
he's the president hi president I
fair enough fair enough all right so
guys if if this video looks especially
nice it is because of this bad boy
should make it look really nice I'm
really excited to see how Jenna's video
turns out today she'll be right there
camera here oh who said you can watch
that track who said you could zoom in to
my boyfriend's eyeball boyfriend's got a
good look at eyeball brown calves my
phone is at 2% on my vlog he's in that
get a toy she's afraid of getting it
because it's close to the fire toy
peachy go get it go get go here he's
just get it you don't the movie her bed
your wiener dude teacher weird guy get
it it's literally right there I think it
might be hot all right we are just about
to start shooting and and then we're
gonna edit Jenna's video and then we're
gonna vlog more because it's obvious
right Jonna that's work yeah I'm like
sitting here editing right now and uh
can I play the weirdest fucking show
dude first there was this woman
screaming like shrill screaming for like
an hour and then someone just pulls a
bomb out of another person's body Grey's
Anatomy guys weird don't watch that show
just definitely try to edit while you
watch that cuz it's like completely
distracting no I don't want you to turn
it up
Kev's please don't turn it up anyway I'm
gonna wrap it up right now thank you so
much for watching day ten thank you so
much for watching day 10 of wrongness
guys double digits of progress I am
enjoying this year's vlogmas so much
more than I could have hoped so it's
awesome I'll see you guys tomorrow for
day 11 and remember when your pets are
being really fucking weird
just videotape them
guys
