good morning guys happy vlogmas day 8
literally just got finished editing
vlogs day 7 so that's like a weird
little continuation going on but um
we're all just kind of waking up I mean
Jenna like had uploaded her vlog before
cabs or myself so she's way ahead of us
she's just like watching her sub box
right now got to struggle busting how
you doing over there guys I have one
more cabs Hey so tomorrow's vlog just a
little heads up I shot and ended it
early November so it's an old vlog that
I wasn't allowed to upload until
tomorrow but I just want to give you a
heads up tomorrow's vlog was shot a
month ago and Jenna's queda did not
spontaneously just turned red again it
was just a little vlog but I hope you
guys enjoy it nonetheless I'm not gonna
be a longest intro I had uploaded a
while ago so don't freak out anyway
it's Monday but it feels very very
Sunday like captain on her head she
agrees all of us are just like
collectively fucked up and jet-lagged so
fuck fuck is right fuck is right
he's so eloquent Herman Kearney being
weird
what are you sitting on top of the
pillow you just crushed them dammit
Cartman singing in from the fireplace
because vlogmas that's what I did a lot
of last long this and I remember it
because I watched it but this was like a
big part of the vlog but it's like very
vlogmas festive anyway we're gonna order
someone try now again Chipotle because
it stand up way too long to the baggage
Foley but probably like a week no no oh
cool fucking story man
hey do your little squat Goblin your low
Goblin you are your joy your joy this is
the loudest toy
like that toy makes so much noise so
drop it from I will get you here that
sounds like a wait peach why are you
dropping your heavy ass fucking toy man
it's okay peach hey what do you know
bite what is that I caught that all on
tape he's not food so I'm trying to eat
him peach you're thirsty dude you might
be you anyway Jenna's glass what's up
dude hey you don't come are you hi dude
you're fucking high look at me because I
get to eat River lava Jenna look at
Kermit look at Kermit Jenna Jenna
seriously look at Kermit look how high
he is right now
he's so high we discovered that with the
excerpt that your stomach's like right
here buddy just going right to your
stomach
Kermit stop picking on my feet I'm
hanging out with your dog hey what the
fuck man
Jenna's like tickling me stop stop stop
tickling me how dare you it was annoying
me today guys so fucked
I got arrested ah wrist control is key
okay guys keep that my right Kermit is
risking okay yeah all right Jenna wants
to go to the massage chair
career go look for watching snapchat
stories Kermit was just over by my phone
and the snapchat stories were playing
he's just watching them he likes it
anyway this is what our day is more
massage dude
dad's gonna help me shoot something
right now I'm just you share my god
don't you the kids sand a chair the
chair though you have things to do
several I let out for one second no one
no flight and besides Moses over Jesus
troll oh I am deaf
I got deaf I screamed in my chair mouth
bed
I got deaf I'm deaf
we're just doing some educational
YouTube watching today thank God good
you put like a metal fucking car fire in
it
yeah we're spending our time well today
doing some educational learning on
YouTube thanks to Jason
we found a channel that Jason showed us
it's called cars and water the water and
this guy takes his nipple ball and heats
it up till it's like glowing red hot and
just puts it on things it's pretty
amazing
I'm sorry keep up with our productivity
and I know it's a lot so I'm all dressed
and ready and I'm getting ready to get
out of the house because Jenna and I are
gonna go visit her friend Jill who's in
town we visited her last November when
we were in New York for a playlist
tri-state and she's really fun she's
awesome she's staying kind of a bit away
from us so we're going to get in the car
and drive over and meet her so Jenna can
hang out with a friend Jill is one of
Jenna's old softball friends from
college that is why I'm no longer
lounging we're going to get out and go
to Jill chance
time to say goodbye to you but yeah just
waiting for Jenna and then we're going
to head out
all right we're we're here to visit Jill
so we're gonna hang out with Jill now
I'm Jill time Jill time in jail no jail
jail Wow whoa like Christmas but vlogmas
why do you guys remember Jill we're
double blogging her Jim Jim Jim
which one are you guys leaner thinker
shitty carrot Hoover what this is the
weirdest thing you know just the
bathroom
we're in Jimmy John's right now to get
something this is the friend that's
curved it overachiever weird bathroom er
we're playing a game right now in the
car called unwrap the YUM where JD's
babe we're in the backseat Jill and I
moved to the backseat so we can throw
our spoons into the Froyo cup up there
that's where we're trying to make it and
it's really hard
let's unwrap some fucking yum huh oh do
do those clothes make sure you read
these kara you psycho it was like this
we both but to Unger yeah you go first
job should be a drug yunjeong everywhere
no see you explosion I'm not doing it
again
anyways I sweat we unwrap the yum yum
Jill unwrap the arm and we just scream
sucked right this guy there they what
the fuck is going on
Oh unwrap the young guys unwrap the up
that was amazing next level Joe damn my
hair looks so nice right now guys I'm
sorry like I didn't warn you my hair was
gonna be all done up today you should
have prepared two workbook we went to
bed right now we had a wonderful night
with Jill she's so fun as you saw but uh
go to bed now and conclude day 8 of
vlogmas you guys are the best
thanks for watching not like I said
earlier tomorrow's vlog is not going to
be a vlog miss appearing vlog but it is
my vlog for vlogmas so I might as well
announce that I guess it's the YouTube
rewind behind the scenes shoot for Jenna
I know I've been saying early November
but I actually logged it in October I
think and I put it together that's the
longer getting tomorrow
there's no vlogmas intro my beard is
shorter and Jenna's hair is red but
don't freak out it's shot a while ago
anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow for
that and then I'll see you back for
another regular vlogmas vlog on day ten
I love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow later
