morning guys happy vlogmas day seven Wow
we hit a week happy log weakness whole
week of vlogmas and peachy just left me
because I'm boring her then have a whole
vlogmas party today because there's
gonna be three vlogmas bloggers in the
house me Jenna and gaps but I'm getting
up right now and just kind of taking
care of a couple things around a house
because uh you know we haven't been here
in a couple days but oh oh oh no no this
you hear the camera on and you want to
be part of it lady
anyway I am preparing and gabs and Jason
are coming over soon so that should be
really awesome I'm gonna go wash and
condition my beard because it's really
itchy and that helps sometimes just
cleaning and conditioning it get some
moisture going eat a little success into
the right soul Halloween duh duh so
trust me trust
I have to make a grocery store run
either do that or do the you know the
grocery delivery thing but I have to do
it soon I want to do the latter because
that takes a while and we want to have
our stuff for today I want to have some
Bloody Marys today I've actually been
thinking about Bloody Marys for a whole
24 hours now you guys are witness to
that let's get this all sorted out let
me go downstairs and get the most
important part of the day ready which is
the food in the drink done so right now
I have to sign these giant posters of
Jenna both of us do this was a podcast
contest we did basically the contest
involved winning knees and from canvas
pop podcast sponsors and so we have two
winners now Katherine and destiny and
Jenna and I are gonna sign these make
them out to them ship them off to
Katherine and destiny it was kind of a
fun thing because they said these to us
like we're not gonna keep these like
what are we gonna put them up in our own
house so we figured we'd do a giveaway
now we just have to sign these Jenna you
want to sign some posters really quick
okay Jen's gonna promote as medicine
first but then we get a sign these let's
sign this one for Katherine and this one
for destiny now we're gonna ship them
off probably next week
I just wanna thanks for watching the
podcast because you know what there's
something special about the podcast
family because it's like you just sit
there and watch us talk for an hour
every week kind of cool Jenny well your
eye thing whoa hello nice to meet you
blog we have gotten the text Jason and
Gaza are on their way over to our house
our order of groceries is gonna be here
soon which includes paper towels because
here's a really interesting facts we've
been at out of paper towels like for two
weeks now I don't know what we've been
doing it house is really clean somehow
but they're coming foods coming drinks
are coming sunday is coming up all laces
oh my God look who's here
they just got here we're we're starting
to Sunday they have a mouse going on and
naturally it's Sunday so look at what
I'm doing
this is the Bloody Mary station and so
is this and so is this so is all this
so is that making Bloody Marys well you
guys are just like I'm having the Julian
tornado moment over here I'm just
getting everything ready yeah I kind of
it's torn ahead of time when you get
caught I'm just getting the toppings
ready for the blood ease all right no
I've been listening to everything you
guys in singers I can't like talk in
tornado never talking tornado danger so
I'm gonna make these and you guys can
see the final code you want to see some
amazing Bloody Marys the recipes from
gaps but the tornados from me check it
out ready there it is look at it
got some toppings going got something
for you oh yeah that's good
nailed it barrel yeah all right now I'm
gonna make mine but I just want to show
you what it looked like today cuz every
day I make a bloody is just a little
little a little a little bit
different alright so we're having our
buddies right now I told you I was gonna
make a dedicated video arm buddies I
don't want to do that today I just want
to drink my buddy
sometimes you're like no never like the
top oh yeah hey that's not your tampon
it's not your tampon little gross
Jason can I be your pets oh okay this is
Julian Julian
this is gabs and Jenna
Jenna's just like Harry now
that is not fair he's just so annoying I
am not that I know oh no I think peach
is kind of a tornado are you zooming in
on like my eyeball but this went quickly
you guys we're just hanging out we're
twittering and we're drinking and we're
family and our foods gonna be your
ordered dinner and we're pretty hungry
okay are you think your out we're
just we're waiting for our food it's
gonna be here soon and I'm getting a
text maybe that's oh he's alright I
think now eat our food and show you the
wonderful reuniting with our friends and
Sunday celebration hi thank you thank
you so much appreciate it we're letting
the Chanukah candles because it's the
first night of Hanukkah we're late in
the candles were saying the prayers my
mom is Jewish
Viney i wanna vlog we need luck I'm so
happy you brought the menorah because my
mom would be so proud of me
mom I love you cats brought amid all
right and I'm so happy about it
thank you guys know I'm jr. smart god
this is the menorah
I haven't lit the menorah in a couple of
years sounds good
we let the candles and it was great it
reminded me of being a kid cuz we did
that growing up and our first order of
food was very very not sufficient so we
are gonna order a second order of food
and lo are you like you're like you know
what just do it
look who forgot to close the wall or you
can be having too much fun and just
doing too much that's Sunday but luckily
I'm awake now and I can close it out
because every new day is a new beautiful
flower to close the vlog and gabs
brought us coffee earth
well she ordered this cup great Greg's
the postmates he did all the real work
but sometimes they just gotta leave you
can't take credit but anyway I had a
great time last night
and Jenna actually up long before me so
thanks for watching see you guys
tomorrow for day 8 of vlogmas happy week
first week does vlogmas and she's also
doing vlogmas sorry about your eye I'll
see you guys around
