we're at the airport in Minneapolis
going home
bright gnarly wrapping up our trip to
Minnesota University Minnesota and
heading back to the docks we actually
got an earlier flight we're supposed to
leave a lot later but we change flights
so now we need to get home very very
soon
it's gonna be very nice it's kind of
nice though having just cold we're gonna
go back home and it's going to be hot as
 but it's a great trip to Minnesota
as you guys saw in the vlogs and yeah
we're gonna hop on the plane and get
home
so we're waiting for my food in the
airport I'm ordering some breakfast
because the eggs are like the authority
this Airport but Rome and I are
discussing bloody marys right now she's
giving me some pretty decent tips but my
dad that I might need to implement into
My Bloody Mary recipe which I still need
to make like a Bloody Mary dedicated
video so perhaps when we get home
because I saw a Bloody Mary on this menu
and we don't have time to have it cuz
we're boarding like right now but on
Bloody Mary's on the mind anyway we're
gonna get whoa what is that I know I'm
watching that too
yeah that's very creepy there's like a
weird animal simulation going on the TV
over there Oh God Oh what sort of hobble
syllables hopefully kind so we're just
looking at this right now it's tenting
me like crazy we're gonna fly home
and any of you continuing on this flight
you must true Hawaii you must complain
here with the Los Angeles passengers
here for the run
got our bags and we're going to the car
we are so close to seeing the dogs so
close we can already hear the crying not
really but you know to me
I'm so exhausted this is what I've been
waiting for he German said he would did
what you're saying we're back
are you excited she's crying cos he's so
excited
yeah you can't continue all the emotions
are low she's fine she's fine I missed
you - I missed you - you know - I miss
you very much hello to the my
screensaver on my phone the whole trip
and it's a picture of you right Beach
she doesn't care
what's going on over there come
difficult you guys gonna find it in
there wait who's gonna get the toy guys
figure it out keep your hands to
yourself hey hands to yourself good guys
I love coming home to packages I got
some shirts and a jacket it's nice to
come onto packages but it's definitely
like so nice to be home and just I'm
exhausted I slept like three hours last
night and probably going to eat and
relax and watch TV and kind of get back
on our feet today and then tomorrow
Jason and gags are coming over because
they're back in down it's been so long
like ever since we've gotten really
close with Jason and gas we have not
shown nearly this long apart and so this
is Devin I think almost three weeks
maybe more so they're coming over
tomorrow which I'm super psyched about
but we're going to try to rest up today
rest up bless up just like DJ Khaled
says Wow
great trip man
getting attacked get attacked gets
attack et Mobile no peachy easy there's
other people in dogs here also you just
you alienated him Crimmins de carmen you
happy now we needed some food
but I'm trying to decide what we should
eat cuz I don't think there's pizza Luce
here which is unfortunate what we get
now why are you RIE she wants fresh
brothers
let's give fresh brothers fresh brothers
yeah fresh brothers guys the beard is
itchy like I am uncomfortable like it's
gotten to the point where I am
completely just subscribe to my beard so
I could have promised that it's going to
stay for a while because I know you guys
I have kind of grown to like it but you
know sometimes you just got to go with
the comfort but we'll see I'm not saying
it's going to go just sitting here
watching TV I'm just like itching my
beard anyway we are watching the
challenge this is one of our favorite
shows it's called the challenges on MTV
this is the bloodlines season where
there's like family so it's really fun
and we're watching it and waiting for a
pizza that's all so we ate some food and
relax for a little bit but we discovered
Herman had a little bump on his tail and
I'm not sure if it's like a spider bite
or allergic reaction or a bone thing so
yeah then we're at the vet right now so
we just want to bring him in to make
sure it's good so we got Carmen here and
worth of that we're gonna go sit down to
the right straight down to the right you
can check out make sure everything's all
good come on you all right buddy
yeah Kermit's been to this one bed like
four times and never years of ours none
of our other dogs are gone it's just
currently a special boy well he knows
it's not fun here it's okay but we're
just checking you out it's all good
Kermit went in for some x-rays so it
looks like you might have a friend
her tail I feel like he's not in pain
he's on pain he's not wincing or whining
so that's good but that was the doctor's
first thought that is tax yeah so it's
not great but hopefully you know if it
is they'll check the x-ray and give him
meds and wrap it up or something you
know come it's just like he's prone to
accidents it's not we want to do it
right now or ever but you know it is
it's like it's a little bit funny though
it's a little bit right especially
because he's so he's so aloof
yeah and just say that sounds like
Kermit broke his tail we're not we leave
you feel like - did you break your tail
but I think it's broken it looks weird
looks just like these like a 90 degree
angles I would feel a thousand percent
worse and mortgages I'm Bazin yeah he's
on cane so we'll see what they say in
just a few minutes okay we were just
looking at the x-rays and it turns out
coming on the broken tail but um
basically we discovered something about
his Anatomy and this is his stomach
isn't here as hot as parts of it thank
you his arms yeah looks like up by his
rib his heart and in his stomach right
so we just started dying laughing at the
fact that his uh stomach is literally in
his chest because you know what else we
were thinking like their bodies are
shaped to hold everything right imagine
Kermit buddy
well get him soon we'll go home hey guys
I just took a nap cuz I was exhausted
you guys knew that but we have to give
Herman his meds now well Gilmore gimpy
campus oh man yeah so I'm gonna cut
these up and I will show you I would
give Carmen meds because he's the
easiest out of your mess
it's like very easy yeah you consider a
fair hermit Mori cook with it boy so
this is literally Wow I give Crimmins
meds like we're usually crouching up at
a joe and putting in yogurt or something
that they would really want but for
karma this all I have to do I take the
piece of salami
I jam the pill and do it and I
just give it to him any swallows
it whole coming as a savage army
Ahmed's
done
he took it it's over good good boy he's
got another one but he's gonna take it
tomorrow morning right but yeah good boy
good Melton I wanna see okay bye-bye
just tail feeling permeate he's still
acting like a self you know he's still
being promised yeah he's very Kermit PG
come here come here oh oh you so we are
gonna turn in pretty soon I just wanna
say thanks for watching and I got to
really keep an eye on peach the next
couple of days because she gets rowdy
and I can't have her doing that on
Kermit given his condition right now an
eventful day happy to be home hopefully
Kermit gets better soon that would be
nice feel bad for the guy we'll be on
him on his meds so he's doing better in
a keep piece on the radar so she's not
making anything worse cuz she's rowdy
you gotta keep controlling yourself okay
brothers hurt and it's probably your
fault thank you guys for watching the
vlog back to normal for a while we don't
have any plane rides for a foreseeable
future it's going to be a nice you know
a couple of months where we just don't
fly because it's just a lot so we're
happy to be here and it's flog miss
happy vlogmas guys I'm really loving
this and I'm so loving that Jenna's
doing it too I know you guys are it's
just it makes it twice as fast it really
does I mentioned this a couple vlogs ago
but I'm linking all my friends below who
are also doing vlogmas so go check out
their channels anyway see you guys
tomorrow for vlogmas day 6
until then go be festive and protect
your dog's tail alright
where
you
