good morning I'm in the bathroom
tryna stay quiet but I'm awake I feel
rested it's a beautiful day in sunny and
like my 40s I'm gonna go work out now
and I will take you with me but I'm
letting Jenna sleep as long as I can as
she missed an entire night's sleep so I
want her to be rested but hello let's go
left
tapping out
sometimes when I come to a hotel gym
they don't have weights that are like
normally heavy I wrap a towel around the
grip of the weight as it makes it hard
good and it provides grip work your
forearms and hands while you're doing
extra stuff so it makes it harder like
more challenging if you've like outgrown
all the weights and he given weight set
that's a good trick to use all right
back in the hotel room and we have a
little time before we have to like head
out I was thinking we like we go out and
explore and maybe like see what chops
are around this is like a mall near us
you're lying he's lying to you he wants
to shoot time-lapses no I actually have
nothing to wear today so many
informations happening
I do like time lapses but I mean I can
do this while we're doing other things
so we might walk about and explore also
see what you know coming from someone
who hasn't even know I'm playing egg
cool I'm an egg this is our room guys
looks like a normal hotel room so
bathroom I want to get out of the hotel
room so I think we're gonna do that I'm
not sure exactly where we're gonna go
but I know we're gonna just call
Explorer while we have time and then
Jenna's gotta get ready in the rain
alone hmm you feel like a new person
because you slept
wrong you're the same person huh I
thought Rome was barefoot but she's not
she timidly look people stand in line
that's a new thing people at bus stops
where we live
they don't make any sort of line they
just fucking bunch up Jenna got offended
for the people so I guess people
standing in bus lines here back at home
they just bunch up and then rush in
at least after this department store
because I don't really have too much to
wear but I'm not really finding that
much that I like so I'd have to just
wear what I got but yeah it's all pretty
boring I want a dress point so Jenna
left us she's got to get ready but we
stayed out to explore pick up food and
just do like you know Minnesota things
so we're gonna go to order some food at
our spot walk around and then pick it up
and just kind of do some exploring
because hey we're only here right now
stop and we only have a couple hours
till we go to the University which
should be so much fun Rome and I are
gonna play a game called uh stat yeah
have the Aussie I'm gonna hop in that
tractor and just run around with those
cones she goes that looks like a fun
game it's funny how they put probably so
drunk people don't fall on it one person
had to do it and then that's how they
have to do it forever ruin it for
everyone
kind of login with a 50 how much do you
hate me right now can't see anything
nothing's in focus so we're walking back
to the pizza place but if you look
behind me it's incredibly beautiful
that's kind of what it looks like
there's light hitting like that giant
bridge pretty dope now we're gonna go I
think I'm gonna get wings their wings
look so good and I didn't get him last
time I came back and chains exquisite
the Jama well it evens it out now you
earned the bacon of mac and cheese
because we went to the gym this morning
so look surprised Jenna because she only
asked her a salad but we should get her
way more yeah we should get her some
funny shit yeah let's get her fun shit
alright these disabled signs are like
they should be on a playground right
whoa that got someone out that's very
weird
alright guys we're back in the hotel and
I want to show you this thing it's like
a vault it's like a legit old-school
vault but that's really keep their wine
it is so badass out like I've never seen
one of these things it's like heavy shit
like it's legit as vault and they put
their wine there I just love that like
styling it's so sick alright so I did
get one shirt today it's this one I
thought it was kind of jazzy it's like a
leopard and there's some color it's
pretty goofy kind of like it anyway we
are just minutes away from leaving the
hotel my pants are undone
Jenna's getting ready she's killing it
right now but we're going to head over
so the University of Minnesota Twin
Cities in just a few minutes I'm super
excited Jenna's going to speak to the
students and a meet greet and it should
be a great time so time to head out and
meet all students look how cute she is
I didn't bring any hairspray I just try
to put mouthwash in my hair and I heard
minty fresh I actually smell her
alright we're going to university
Jenna's going out right now she's going
out
it's really exciting and nomination for
errors you give much honor don't like
kids I'm like that's a tiny human that
loves fun so Jenna just got off stage
and it was awesome to watch her it was a
great crowd University minute so it was
so much fun
yes they were fun but like I get the
same feeling every time I watch you talk
to college students or anyone for that
matter it's just like really proud it's
really cool because they really listen
and it's cool to see a group of people
who you know we're not far off from us
just respect you so much and it was
great awesome experience went really
smooth Jenna's going to the back but now
we're going to be 25 of the event
workers and students and staff members
so that is where we are going next yeah
Laurentian is a mean green with the
students who accept the event up and
some faculty actually she was really
really pumped with the response at the
school like the school's student body
that shows up the things is really
indicative of a school and so it's cool
when we go to these places and they're
just awesome I know I love university
Minnesota sure she does too
these people head out we're done there
probably have a drink after everything
all right so we just finished Jenna's
being great with students and some
faculty it was great
I actually had a great conversation with
one of the students you just started
vlogging and he watches my channel and
he just wanted to ask me questions and I
think that's the coolest thing I really
feel like when we come to colleges I can
have conversations and relate to these
kids because they're very very close to
me in life so it was great experience
who's awesome you're gonna head back to
the hotel like I said we're gonna get a
drink and I said that we're actually
gonna go do that now because nobody is
half off to the hotel
back at the hotel so proud still no get
in that cab it's just so nice you did it
and we're good
and I appreciate you guys who's top who
talked to me in two for me and three
nice she's really sweet
people a loser like you right there yeah
like when you mentioned icarly dad would
be laughs I love it growth the question
was like does your age ever like close
up
yeah the girl in acid
age gap relationship it's like not
really except like maybe we don't always
get each other's jokes like this kids
over here carry my hi Carly
I didn't know I've been what anything is
not that was really fun I just think
that as I die laughing
favorite went well gonna meet Rome
downstairs furniture for our for wrong I
forget
Laurie important alright so we're back
in the hotel bar
we're so excited but I mean we might
Travis mom we just figured like you know
we want a quick drink we want to like
sit down at a place where we're not like
crowded with people and this is like an
awesome spot so well back at our spot in
last night and we're having babies again
and I was trying to have Tito's I liked
had Tito's on the rocks with lime but
they didn't have Tito's
if someone wants to explain to me why
there's no Tio's here
be great cuz no bars should ever view
that she has run just dropped her phone
she did I don't know because you were
thinking
I just know charted Rome she was
thinking about shoes yeah we just
happened to take children out I guess a
lot of babies all night because there's
no vodka
I don't know I don't know alright guys
we're back in the hotel room and uh for
the most part we had a brilliant eye we
played heads up at the little bar
downstairs and we were just drinking we
honestly couldn't drink so much because
they shut off the bar and last called at
like midnight which was super early I
don't know why but we were just hanging
and honestly it was nice relaxing time
unfortunately we abruptly had to come
upstairs because uh some rude people
kind of bothered our space and we're
just rude and it made the night kind of
like have to come to a halt and if you
would like more on that story
you can visit tennis channel you know
Jenna talked about on her vlog Channel
but basically like this girl came up to
us and demanded to meet the one who was
famous at our table and was just out she
sat on our table was rude and uh I like
literally never ever say anything to
anyone except for nice things because
Jenna well she's implanted in me that
everyone deserves 100% respect no matter
how inconvenient it is and she's right
but this one time I was like you gotta
go like please leave now and you know
generally I understood she was like yeah
thank you for doing that because Jenna
was at the point where she was just like
looking away it was so unbelievably rude
and uncomfortable so I was like but also
she was like you know her and her friend
passed out drunk kept coming back to the
table yeah like it was repeated over and
over it wasn't like she came down the
table and you were like you need to
leave yeah it was like this repeated
behavior yeah like pushed us and pushed
us and we were being nice we realized
the first few times and then their
friend it was a guy just kept trying to
get them to me yeah and now one girl you
were finally just like no you know what
well she she basically was like who's
famous I want to meet her and I said if
you don't know the answer to that
question you can please leave right now
you didn't just walk up you sat on the
table good no you're right you're right
is just Labe is eating pizza sitting on
our table fucking I roll about what I
would conclude from this honestly guys
is for three years I've been with Jenna
and yes there have been less than great
people we've met but there's never been
someone like that so for three years
worth of people meeting you guys we get
one of those that's fair to me okay
because we get so many brilliantly nice
people like you guys and it just sucks
that sometimes one of these has to come
along but that doesn't take away the
amazing time we had in Minnesota she had
an absolutely amazing
and successful performance she spoke to
those kids at university but we had to
get our butts together because we're
leaving in the morning and we're going
home but thank you guys for following
the vlogs and watching today day five of
vlogmas I really appreciate it I'll see
you guys tomorrow for the exit vlogmas
and thank you so much to everyone who
ever meets anyone who might be of status
and have people coming up to them and
you're just nice because it's yeah it's
very nice to meet people who are
respectful and nice like if ever you
want to say hi to someone that you don't
know regardless of what the fuck is
going on be a normal person just a be
normal guys just act natural day is
coming who don't even need at home
people that watch our vlogs are like
yeah real deal you guys are the real
deal
I'm gonna tell you guys I'll see you
tomorrow when we're flying and shit but
see you tomorrow regardless day 6 of
long rest thank you for watching
