what is up
vard miss day for Here I am before 7
o'clock which is early for me and for
everyone really but we are up early
because we are flying in Minnesota right
now right before we leave I am making
Jenna in Rome some bagel snacks for the
plane
we're all packed Jenna is actually
finishing up right now she has not slept
I slept two hours running almost on
empty but it's all good because we're
gonna get on that plane and then and
then we're you know straight away to
Minnesota so just want to check in with
you guys say what's up hi now let's head
off on another trip I love you I love
you so much
be good you to come it'd be good okay
gotta go all right a few days
there it is there's the breath it's
called oh this is nice felt nice I don't
get this cold just touchdown Minneapolis
Airport solid flight quick and easy come
on mittens on flap over we're gonna grab
our bags and then hop in a car and go to
our hotel
are you gonna get out home we block you
in block good luck in them these are
nailed to the ground opportunity
hey guys so we are at the hotel and I
haven't blogged for a few hours just
because we had to get here and Jenna had
to write her radio show and we had to
record that and do that whole thing
which is always more complicated than
usual when we're in a hotel because of
the Wi-Fi but with the best attitude
ever she nailed it and it was awesome so
we finished that China is done with her
radio show and we are going to get
dressed up and go well dress up for the
cold not dressed up fancy but we're
gonna go get some dinner and maybe some
drinks we found a place nearby hello
dere no there's no plug yeah it's Sharon
anyway we're gonna go get some food and
then you know maybe have a drink or two
out in Minneapolis explore a little bit
are we in Minneapolis or st. Paul we're
in Minneapolis I don't even know maybe
we're in st. Paul we need to get some
food so we're gonna go do that now
alright so we got out walking to get
some pizza right now
we found pizza for us vegan and
gluten-free and Australian or whatever
for for that one but we are hungry
Jenna's braving the tired and the
exhaustion just a lot of time to get
some food enough alright guys I'm in
headed right now
there's gluten-free stuff shells there's
gluten-free options all over the menu
like bruschetta here chicken wings
gluten-free like literally half the menu
has gluten-free options not to mention
all the pizza not that I really knew
what to expect place in Minneapolis I've
been here but this is a nice surprise my
first meal
what I like here
all right so I only have a quick shout
out with our call me Terry Parcells on
Twitter she's our friend who tweeted at
us to come to this place called pizza
Luce we are here now and this menu alone
is just giving us overwhelming happiness
because we never even have this many
options
getting stuff she'll like I never in my
dear joy
so honestly this goes for any of you
guys who know we're in your city and you
tweet a suggestion just because you want
to half the time we go like this is the
best suggestion I could have ever hoped
for like you were coming up empty on
Yelp so thank you Carrie we are going to
stop our face ethically and morally
right now Terry for life yeah don't
worry though you're going to see I'm not
going to eat it for you
so we had probably the most amazing
dinner
little creepy
three Kozma showers
in create artichoke dip with press rolls
it was my habit amazing Jenna rather
have her food pizza with her vegan
buffalo chicken
we came up tonight really cool and happy
so good today
if you like this sign is very
appropriate for me alright so we got
back to the hotel we're having a drink
the hotel farm which is really nice
we're just kind of winding down but it's
getting really fun first night
Jenna's still on those sleeps so we're
just trying to keep her awake so reason
for our so
an amazing dinner in
now we're just going to give some Jenna
even of the call gifts of meeting
because they're fucking where
when I waved in those people
anyway I'm just having some Bailey bread
after the quake sort of dessert but it's
also sort of a drink
with a drink hey I'm rambling I'll see
you guys in the hotel all day long
alright guys back at the hotel room and
pretty exhausted I'm gonna go to sleep
but thank you guys for watching another
day of vlogmas day for you guys are
awesome I'll see you tomorrow for day
five we were going to the actual event
the University of miles should be a
great time and we'll get some rest and
hit hard in the morning thanks for
watching and I'll see you guys
ah
