good morning happy vlogmas i am just
home from training i had a great workout
this winter
and I had this little lady waiting for
me she a little cutie but I wanted to
say hi
I'm currently gonna eat some sushi right
now because I picked it up on the way
home and needed to refuel after my
workout but I want to show you I'm
trying the authentic straight from Japan
sushi Mayo with the authentic chili oil
also straight from Japan and it looks
quite delectable so I'm gonna eat some
food right now happy vlogmas day 3 hope
you're good time to refuel that's me I
did a video with Arnold it's up now you
can watch it if you want anyway I'm just
gonna watch it now
you know guys today is going to be a
busy in the house cleaning that day we
have kind of been so busy to the point
where the house has gone to shit which
generally happens when we have a lot of
stuff going on so I'm going to buckle
down and do like some real cleaning
today I gotta clean the kitchen I do a
bunch of laundry in the living room and
if I'm hauling all this stuff so
hopefully you cool with that I'll still
vlog and stuff it's not going to be you
know riding a electric skateboard on the
beach type vlog it's gonna do a little
more relaxed but at the same time it's
also good because we're getting stuff
done and it's gonna make our minds
better because when things are clean we
can think I feel embarrassed being in
the kitchen right now it's so messy I'm
gonna hop in the shower I haven't done
that yet and then get to clean it up
alright - shower is dawn hair is all
clean haven't washed it like about a
week now I'm gonna caffeinate hydrate
and clean my face off not my face I'm
gonna clean so much than my face balls
already clean my face off right
hairs a little bit drier and the house
is a little bit cleaner just sit all
this this was a giant mess we had
cleaned it right after Thanksgiving but
then ever since Thanksgiving we hadn't
really cleaned it now the kitchen is
done done done done that is my least
favorite part to do so I'm excited
stuff I know I'm gonna clean living room
this is a really exciting day so brace
yourselves guys it's just brace I know
you didn't sign up for an action sports
park or traveling channel but that's
what you're getting today quick
graduation break check this thing out I
don't know if we showed you this but we
got this in Japan looks very weird what
it is is it's like a self massaging tool
you like put it on your upper back or
wherever really and you just like let
your hand fall and it pushes on a muzzle
it's like constant pressure it feels
amazing anytime you look like upper back
tightness from just like that posture or
whatever you're doing it was really good
and it requires like no effort I'm
taking a quick break with this for now
I'm just massaging myself like a
futuristic Japanese man
you my friend are being awfully loud
today you're just barking non-stop you
talk to Miller at all the dogs talking
to the neighborhood dogs and flies on
the wall and the neighbors and the wind
you just talk to every okay man
what what's this is is this Vlach I see
that guy's block is here
okay excited otherwise block here you
say hi wall all right I brought Marvel
down here because he's being noisy hey
Joe all right keep it in your pants
peach rut model down here because he was
being kind of noisy and I wanted to just
say what's up and see what was on his
mind so what is on your mind
hmm you want to talk about on your mind
you wanna go for a discussion do you
want to go to therapy all right I'm in
the living room made it to the living
room I'm just kind of looking at it not
cleaning it
I'm doing part of the work but I think
we're actually gonna podcast tonight so
you guys have a podcast to watch but I
think I'm gonna do this Jenna's gonna
actually finish her vlog she's doing a
vlog fuck yeah right
Jenna's blogging she's gonna finish her
blog I'm gonna clean a little more I
actually think I have to go to the mall
cuz right now I'm rocking one pair of
pants and when I said pants I mean like
jeans or pants that aren't like
sweatpants like plenty of those but I
leave with one pair of jeans and the
buttons like slowly falling off so we
will see but podcasts first and then
decide guys look how clean my desk is I
know it doesn't look amazing but this is
like really clean the cable management I
guess could use some work but it's doing
all right look what I put on my
headbands by the mic it's kind of a
perfect spot except when I use the mic
and then it's a horrible spot
because I started this new series on my
snapchat
which is Julien solo for those curious
and the series is called places Jenna
left her lashes so I'm finishing up
episode three right now a friend in
Tokyo Ali gave me this great idea when
she came to her hotel room and saw
Jenna's lashes in very obscure spots and
I thought that's something that happens
a lot let's make a thing out of it
so here's episode 3 places Jenna left
her lashes and then I right here where
her lashes are all right
the room is done media room table is
done look what Jenna just found I got
these when we were in New York a couple
weeks ago we were with Debbie when I got
up and she was like don't get him don't
get him I was like I'm getting them so I
forgot to give them to her so I got to
bring them when we see her for Christmas
which we will see her for Christmas
which is awesome
yeah now I'm - Debbie license plates all
right so I decided to run to the mall I
just really need pants we're going on a
trip and it's gonna be cold and I just
having one pair of pants it's probably
not recommended so I'm gonna go and try
to find some pants
in my body all right I got two pairs of
pants some belt and three things of
socks so super successful and quick and
easy and no one's at the mall right ours
is my favorite part
I mean there's people there's
comparatively it's nobody
because I really don't want to walk to
the end and waddle around so running
this is how it should be everyone should
just run places it's way better look I'm
almost there
just massage it away I'm telling you
this thing was like maybe a thousand yen
if that which is roughly equivalent to
like eight bucks and I'm so happy we
bought it because I've been using it the
whole time I've been sitting in my desk
and I always get tight in my upper back
and it's just like so nice just
massaging myself no big deal I wanted to
say one thing before I ended the vlog
and that is these last few blog miss
vlogs I've been trying my best to get
ahead so I'm filming one maybe two days
in advance and then I'm uploading a
couple days later I'm doing that because
a because we're traveling and it's
really kind of difficult to you know
regularly upload during travel and I
want to give myself a little breathing
room and be it's just um you know I've
had time to vlog sometimes I want to
clarify that if I'm saying I'm doing
something tomorrow
sometimes it's me trying to talk to you
guys as if you're watching it that day
or if it's actually tomorrow on the day
I'm talking so like for instance
yesterday's longest so we're going to
Minnesota tomorrow but then today's
tomorrow for you so I just didn't want
you guys to think I was going crazy I'll
do my best to be kind of clear about
dates and stuff in the vlog so as not to
confuse you another thing is that just
like last year any of my friends who do
vlogmas I'm gonna just randomly link
them in the description because I
understand that you guys are really into
vlogmas so last year i did it with my
buddy Jordan and I think gabs is doing
it this year and if I'm randomly linking
people's channels in the description
it's because they're also doing vlogmas
so you guys can check that out
anyway we got a ton done today I'm
really really proud like all the rooms
are wanting to clean or clean the only
thing I didn't do is my laundry but hey
sometimes you just skip out on the
laundry but thank you guys for hanging
out and watching vlogmas day 3 I am very
much enjoying vlogmas this year and I
hope you guys are as well thanks for
hanging out guys you are awesome I will
see you tomorrow for vlogmas day 4
alright later
