hey what's up guys I'm oh I'm running to
the PA box really quick because I might
need my keys for that but for the Peele
box because I haven't been there did you
think almost a month and stuff builds up
and they're not so happy when they all
know when to stop stop I want to go
empty that out more on Keith classic
Eagle alright and then I'm gonna wait to
see the plan for today I'm waiting here
from Jessie what we're gonna do but I
know we're gonna try to do something
tonight but yeah that's still in the
works gonna go to the Peele box really
quickly and then be back so I'm still
deciding if I want to keep this for a
little while longer
the goal was not to shave it all in
November and I did that but now it's
actually kind of filling out and I don't
I don't mind it's always more
comfortable when I don't have facial
hair but you know sometimes yeah yeah
shake things up get a new look I'm
almost at the peel box it's like a
five-minute bag that I wanted to tell
you that
got all of the stuff and going back home
it was actually more than I thought it
was going to be so I'm glad I went today
there's this one package from China and
it's for me and I'm like really kind of
curious what's in it fuck I can't find
my good knife so I use this little thing
um not really sure what that is there's
these masks this what the hell this is
this says choline bar Linder and then it
says Joshua on this one yo this is
weirdest fuck and then this is like a
rice treat but then this is my name and
it went to RPO box
this is tripping me out the fact that
they see some other people's names on I
don't know what this is I'm really
curious about this kind of want to try
it maybe I should just take a bunch just
kidding I'm not gonna do that
right well that was about as weird as I
could have expected that package to be
that's good for I now go through the
rest of that layer alright still don't
really know what the plan is I'm just
gonna head over to Jesse's and and see
what they're up to I think he's with
Lois right now so I'm gonna go over
there and I should be there in like 20
minutes so hopefully I'll beat the
traffic alright so I'm at Jesse's place
picking Jesse and lujah and I'm pretty
embarrassed right now my car is filthy
damn I should have washed this thing
this is pretty this is bad it's been a
while and it's disgusting cuz it was on
the street so the birds got to I'm not
even going to show you its disgusting
with the bird so should I just start at
level four no we're a skate shop right
now this is a skate shop that's been
here for years and years
here like as a kid before I used to get
skateboards here and we're getting a
boosted board
apparently they later won so we're gonna
get that one that she's gonna go and the
way I'm we're gonna try it because Lily
hasn't ridden more since how long I've
rode one ages got 8 10 knots ago but
this is really very easy so now we're at
Jesse's house for temporary apartment
whatever and we got one boosted board
because that's all the skate shop had
and the plan was to get him for everyone
but they only had one they're hard to
find
I wanted one so we're gonna take the one
that Jesse got and take it down to the
beach and do a little riding around on
it I've never been on it and I'm
terrified so it should be a good time
but it should also be terrifying but
good thing all of us have cameras so you
guys won't miss a second of it
I'm on the Brewster board this is the
first setting now so it's like baby mode
but it's so fun oh my god I need one yes
so the boosted board is so insanely fun
Jesse might have sold me on it so if I
can get my hands on one and then the
next couple of weeks would be really
nice so we could ride together around
how I should get one yeah but you're
around for a couple more weeks oh I got
to get one so we could ride together
that's what we need to do now Jesse
found his AcroYoga friends the guy who
teaches acro yoga in Santa Monica
so all the crazy pictures that Jesse and
Jeana post on their Instagram this guy
teaches them and I think Louie's gonna
try something I'm not gonna try it we
all saw what happened when I tried yoga
with Jenna didn't turn out well Moo you
ready yeah let's not really make the
tripod all right while they're doing the
yoga I just figured I'd come over to the
bars do some pull-ups you done
Jesse using the force this is like
probably colder than Philly we're just
finishing over the beach it just got
really cold the Sun went down it just
got fucking cold so we're gonna go eat
some food and then I'll probably head
back home
okay right here this is Louie switching
lenses on a skateboard at night with a
backpack on I was like can I help you
like no I got it
oh my god we were talking about Jesse
and his boosted board we were like how
many times have you like eaten and he
was like never I was like okay it's
gonna happen it has to have it at least
once I thought it was dead this is Nick
by the way being out with him today he's
from South Africa he travels all the
time I would love to be diving great in
that road for the boost aboard I wanna
go there we go thank you I appreciate
that
Louie's been teasing us about this
restaurant Cafe Gratitude we're gonna
finally go there and he's a vegan and so
is Janice so it'll work out
Dina talking to the vegan sanitation I'm
just gonna walk in there with my egg
backpack like a complete non vegan
that's so you're vlogging right now
there were a flea I know I'll just show
Jesse the mount we're squatting up in
the car right now on the way to dinner
got the whole slide whole squad blue
squad all I'm thinking about is it
boosted board I read it for like five
minutes and I need it I love it it's so
far it's terrifying but I love it as
soon as I got it I went right through
the middle of the street Louise
performing surgery on this
on the spring roll so he can split it
this is a very strong name
yeah it's actually open leaf surgery
right now at the table this is the food
that Jesse said he wouldn't eat if he
was lost in the jungle and he had no
food
there we go
so good
that is my battery it's a black bean
burger like gluten-free thing and fries
bike rack made of bikes so I leave it
Jana's we love them we got the hanging
out of them like three peas in oh yeah
how do I really fun day can I go home
and see the dogs down so I'm back home
now we made it back to the dogs and
we're just chillin
finally just relaxing for a second can I
sit with you here my garage here in our
garage we're gonna chill out for the
rest of the night I've kind of been out
all day so I'm pretty exhausted I was
going all day I know I miss you guys but
thank you for watching we're going to
Minnesota tomorrow Pretenders doing a
college appearance so we're doing that
but you guys come with us because of
vlogmas see you guys tomorrow for day
three and now I got a hug some dogs I
gotta hug these dogs Herman wants to veg
ahh he needs a lot he needs love
bye I love you guys I'll see you later
