what is up guys happy vlogmas today we
are going to go on a hike but we're
gonna go with some friends Jesse and
Jeana they're in town and so they're
gonna come over to our house and then
we're gonna go up to our favorite hiking
spot and hiker out I think Jesse's
bringing his drawing but it should be a
good time it's it's like a nice cool
crisp day out somewhere in the hoodie
feels good I'll take the dogs up and
just have a good time but I want to say
hi and greet you with the first day of
vlogmas this is exciting and I'm excited
and Jenna is trying to face him a friend
and she's not answering so our guys were
out in the mountain and I got a drone
you guys have been telling me to get a
drone so I finally got one I'll give you
all this I'll give you this footage too
if you want to use it for lunch
this thing is huge
so we usually draw an hour on a little
hike right now yeah he apparently he's
never ever been on a hike like ever
which is crazy because I feel like
everyone goes on a hank foot now Jesse
it's not ready pushes too high control
of it I guess that's true we walk I
walked a lot of places what's the
difference between a walk in a hike dirt
dirt is the difference in walking behind
what if you walk in like a dirty street
though then you're hiking but it's like
nice and crisp out it's cool it's better
cool up here then when it's like blazing
hot because it gets way too hot up here
that's where you said we're like in a
jar that's what it looks like but that
was my first time ever seeing a drone in
real life I was crazy I think we were a
little too close to the airport we had
dinner with Josie Gina we're drinking a
little bit we're hanging out and I want
to say hi real quick cuz I know you guys
want to hang out with them because you
love them because we love them why would
you not love them but we're drinking and
you guys know sometimes like I forget to
blog dragon so we've renamed Jesse to
dressy because it's more appropriate for
right now
drunk Jesse in the building we are here
2007 a half years I've been drunk I
warned you
dressy dressy anyway I might be saying
goodbye for right now I might see guys
in the morning I might feel like you
guys know we never ever guys they live
forever away and they're forever doing a
million things which is awesome for them
but it's nice to finally get to see them
and hang out so we're taking advantage
of that guys guys guys guys
I woke up I waked up and we had a really
fun day which is directly proportional
to why I feel the way I feel right now
but we're at an wake and we are going to
go see Jesse and Jeana because we
haven't done that in a couple hours so
we're gonna go to their house I think
they want us to film a challenge with
them so we're going to do that but I
just want to see how miss Jenna Jenna
Mike played my blog mess yesterday and
it helped me because it reminded me like
the simple love of just vlogging to you
guys to like keeping it simple sometimes
and I'm really happy I have her to
remind me this is just the back of her
butt the front of her you're talking
like South Park characters like the
Canadian ones that have their head
separate buff real I'm pumped for Logan
the only reason I did blog missus cuz I
loved it last year so I think it was so
important that I watched last year's to
remind myself what it's about and it's
gonna be mixed up this year and vlogmas
I'm gonna do certain things some days
and certain things other days that are
different and I'm just excited to be
festive again with it and I'm not gonna
forget Bloggie
because long he's incredible I was
reminded of that last night when I was
watching the videos he's incredible but
yeah that's all I just wanted to close
with that great day one of vlogmas wow
guys great moves keep it up
you say Daquan mmm anyway I'll see you
guys tomorrow for day two o'clock this
oh then it's day - ha - there's no
there's no Mexican punch for a day - oh
yeah my mom works in these giant birds
of paradise just like this like what the
hell mom oh no fuck am I supposed to put
this mom anyway I love you guys I'll see
you tomorrow for day two of la glace yes
what miss yes Lord miss what de quoi -
right okay guys oh I look hot today
