good morning everyone it is Thanksgiving
and I am awake and preparing the meal
but I'm not by myself
I'm with the lovely Debbie Machine
because Jen is still sleeping she gets a
bed later than I did yesterday of course
is Wednesday so we have videos and
things to do so we are up right now and
we are preparing the meal and I wanted
to show you guys what we're doing so
this is a turkey for Debbie in myself as
usual we went with the food wishes
recipe and then Jenna is going to be
eating that which looks interesting but
hey but I'm happy we found something for
it's like a look it's like a vegan
turkey loaf in addition we are making
mashed potatoes that everyone can eat
this stuffing that I use last year I
believe it's really good gluten-free
stuffing and then we have something for
Jenna as well and then Debbie and I are
gonna are gonna make pie we're gonna
make apple pie just like we did last
year so we just preheated the oven the
turkeys about to go in which means in
about three hours give or take we're
gonna eat which is super early because
Jenna likes to eat early so do i I never
have a problem with eating any
Thanksgiving happy eating hopefully
you're not too hung over from food today
I'm preparing my stuffing Debbie is over
there preparing the stuffing for Jenna
good mother and I'm making bacon because
of course I need that in my stuffing
and you want to know who's being really
grateful on this Thanksgiving not her
because I gave her a bone and then she
chased me down for bacon and her bones
over there peach today is the day of
giving thanks go to your bone like these
bones make her crazy when the other dogs
are around but then suddenly she's alone
and she's like I'll leave it over there
it's fine it's just sitting over there
yeah real thankful Jenna's awake
Thanksgiving and she's awake she looks
so cute but we just finished both
stuffings they are resting and chilling
in the fridge right now and then we are
going to get started on cutting apples
for the apple pie cuz apple pie just so
you guys know I would give you guys the
recipe that we're cooking right now but
it's kind of like a cluster of a bunch
of different recipes one of which is
food wishes so if you curious as to what
we're cooking it's mostly food wishes
aside for most of the vegans
still feeling so festive and happy and
the sky is full crowd you guys know how
I love that also Jenna's turkey loaf
which is vegan is all ready to be put in
the oven you want to see here is this is
it right here completely vegan and
people were wondering this is the one we
got yeah I've heard about other ones
that are good I've never heard any
reviews about this one but it looks
really tasty and it looks like it's
gonna be delicious to put carrots onions
and celery in there and then the
julienne made the base which is soy
sauce and olive oil and sage yeah they
use cook it and then here's a look at
her Turkey that herb butter and then
Debbie machine over here starting with
potatoes start on the table she's
killing it right now so we have all the
apples ready this these are our
ingredients for the apple pie which we
were going to make on our gluten-free
crust and I'm excited and happy and
festive guys it's crazy to me that it's
Thanksgiving because it really does feel
like just yesterday that Thanksgiving
was here I had just bought my first vlog
camera and I was just starting to like
really really take blogging seriously
and a year later here we are
it's just it's just very cool so I'm
very thankful for you guys I hope you
know that marble he's barking outside Oh
get him use your buddy will you barking
at hey Thanksgiving no barking anyway
gonna continue in the kitchen and uh get
closer to the eating part of the day so
uh turkeys all done this is what it
looks like pretty nice now Debbie and I
are working on the apple pie
Debbie's killing it this is the part
right here there you go
oh my stuffing Jenna's stuffing mashed
potatoes turkey the Debbie you Jamie
came in here yes I did because they
this is Jenna's vegan turkey it's got
stuffing and everything it's awesome
we're about to sit down happy
Thanksgiving to you Wow look at the
meals this was fun making it it was so
fun was born it's all fine all right
we're gonna stuff my face now bye hi no
Kermit I don't know which minute we are
we're laying on the couch relaxing after
our big meal and my mom and sister just
dropped by to say hi earlier we were
watching the movie babe which is kind of
a classic I would say kids movie not
kids believe it an innocent movie watch
growing up about a pig and Kermit let
out this like shrill like scream he
screamed and we were like wait what just
happened is he hurt so we like picked
him up we like are you okay and then he
he was fine so he sat back on the couch
and he was actually looking at the TV
which is weird and then the same team
comes back and he lets out another
screen like he was legit scared of the
movie he didn't like the movie so now
we're just telling him Kermit Kermit
buddy the movies over we're just a movie
and Sam it does not care with your
humans get entertained back that's a
good crazy human the crazy human salmon
today I'm gone no just laying by the
fire and being festive having wine
alright guys well that is it
Thanksgivings over we're going up to bed
we had a wonderful time and it was just
so nice to have Debbie here and my mom
came by and spending it with Jenna was
wonderful I'm just so lucky thank you
guys for watching as always I will see
you guys on Tuesday for the start of
vlogmas 2015 the next vlog will be
vlogmas so get pumped I'm excited I'll
see you guys in December
you
