this is our friend Jay Syrus giving a 24
hour long twitch stream he's on our 10 I
think 9 or 10 and he's got till tomorrow
morning at 9:00 a.m. it's currently 6:30
p.m. and we are getting our shit ready
to go to his house to help him out
because when we did our 24 hour stream
Geoff was there helping us out when we
were losing our minds so we've ordered
food for Geoff and ourselves once we get
the food we're gonna take us our dogs
and all our shit not all our shit over
to his place because he's currently
alone that's yeah that's what we're
doing tonight and we don't know how late
we're gonna be doing it so we have full
gear to help him with the stream
including this light because we're gonna
be on the stream with him and I'm gonna
be gaming with him and Jenna's gonna
gaming we're gonna be hanging out so
we're kind of just bringing
reinforcements and we're bringing in
water
let me just podcast it so today has been
pretty nuts we're on like no sleep but
we we got a mission that was our own
fault we stayed up mad late last night
playing pub G and had to wake up for
stuff this morning but um we had some of
the most fun I've ever had and that came
last night we were just playing with
Jason and fuckin and that shit was fun
basically just waiting on the food cuz
once the food gets here we're heading
over to Jeff's place and uh we're gonna
hope that do that so isn't it fucking
mind Geoff's apartments right there we
just we just arrived so we're gonna like
surprise we're gonna surprise this dream
by pulling down the green screen
photographer so excited
Bill Nye the Science has given up the
signature bowtie and instead out will
now we're blank shit oh shit oh my God
look who's here
brother oh it's a donation stream check
it out these are all vegan and
gluten-free of course we have
snickerdoodle
we have coffee cream no chocolate
covered I don't even know what these are
this might be maple but this is our
there you go non-stop sugar so Erin
McKenna's bakery is it right there in
Larchmont and these are what this is
these are new they're not ice cream
they're coconut cream oh my god
chocolate and then this is lemon cream
are you my grandma this is amazing
Robert oh it's your kingship all right
welcome to my creamed stream AMA Julian
you're so good at these this is the
fucking one we wanted to get we never
got so that's the main rig and then this
is the second rig like his backup set up
this is where I'll be playing I have to
try this donut I just sold one why what
is that is a strawberry yeah I just got
it for the color
it's like aesthetically I had to get
this one holy fuck
because these are that's right oh my God
look at this
yeah he just he's making contact while
he sleeps mark earlier yeah you're not
supposed to bark you supposed to be a
quiet one Jeff what how are you on
almost 16 I can see your eyes
you're out of your that's gone dead it's
gone okay I logged on to Jeff's setup to
play a game or two and it is so fucking
loud like I can't hear anything now I'm
like deaf and you know I was like
everybody like it's a lot I don't know I
can't hear anything
we just got seven chickens in a row you
know and this is an out-of-body
experience
I fell asleep hours ago on the couch and
I'm still there but for some reason my
body got up and came back the street I'm
vlogging for Jeff stream this is vlog
Kim yeah there's no audio I'm literally
holding this as the vlog camera and it's
on Jeff's stream at the top right can
you hear so I'm just giving some a
little extra entertainment but I guess
if they want to figure out what I'm
talking about they have to watch the
vlog it's get into the planner of
delirium I remember exactly how Jeff
feels he just like turned to me while he
was playing in the middle of a game and
he was like where am I
anyway I'm gonna show some dogs I am
left at home now with remnants of
tonight delicious remnants of tonight
he's a deserter and shame we arrived at
I think like how many hours a set we
arise at 7:00 they're getting he's only
got like five and some change so brought
me back to home me Josh me but now it's
time to sleep right Marvel it is time to
sleep do you want to sleep now
it's uh Peter no no no no one's here
alright PG say goodnight say goodnight
there's no snacks
just just greet the
she found a loophole where if she goes
to like World Cups and stuff and just
with the strategy of not falling she was
able to qualify for the Olympics
so she's California competing for
Hungary at yong-jae and the Olympics
like she's like so careful but this is a
picture of her like smiling ear-to-ear
doing an interview that says least
surprising news us-born not good skier
wow that's the most inspiring thing I've
heard about the Olympics this whole time
it's like I just skied down the hill and
make sure I don't fall Elizabeth swanee
good for her too what's speed weed peppy
so we just got done with the stream we
got to play with choco taco tonight for
those of you who are keen of the pub G
community and scene and players Tiger
talk is like my current favorite
streamer to watch on Twitch and he's a
beast he's really good at the game he
was super tough and we also got to play
with a dude named Jordan Gilbert he's on
cloud 9 he plays csgo professionally
it's just cool how the community can
kind of just like find fun over a common
interest like video games in pub G I
think it's something that's really
special and the fact that we can have so
much fun doing it and everyone feels
happy and like I don't know it was a
really really fun stream so shots out to
choco and Jordan who's gonna say
something I wasn't gonna say I'm having
during all the head of a cup
doggy's you're crying girls are hungry
don't look at me like that I fed on
breakfast they love food they don't care
who feeds them they're all looking at me
right now
it's freeze-dried patties mixed with
water anyway you got some important
training to do in the morning jiu-jitsu
trying to get a new belt man anjuna will
be anyway thank you guys for watching
the vlog if you have not tried eating
granola out of a cup do it and there's a
wonderful snack that your dogs will like
watching you consume goodbye
you
