we have begun the adventure of
last-minute trip six by going to the
wrong terminal that was your fault you
know I wasn't gonna blame you because it
really isn't either about faults we just
kind of got dropped off here yeah
there's a stake through the dart at st.
Matthews
South Carolina they echo in here I go
call them without vision there looks
like a child from the last time we spoke
we booked a place to stay tonight as of
long okay
so we're walking to the right terminal
who knows if it's gonna be like a minute
or twenty or an hour I've never seen
this hallway before maybe we'll just
walk in South Carolina
last-minute trips whoa Taco Bell welcome
to my house
tornado warning for Orangeburg County
South Carolina that's literally the sign
that you just make sure oh right yeah
take cover now moving to a basement or
an interior room on the lowest floor of
a sturdy building avoid windows they
just issued another update
yeah well the update was Ellery and
Sumter are you the one with a little
eggie hi guys sorry I didn't mean like I
know nice to meet you Ashley nice to
meet you Ashley brought Petri and
Petrie's middle name is Petri Kermit
hello oh my god so aloof thank you oh my
god he's so sweet he looks a lot like
Kermit yeah yeah I know it's wild I know
eggy fine hi are you overwhelmed oh my
god we're like nervous we're nervous
about this storm
yeah I don't want to do anything but
hang out with them you can finish the
look last of the episode I'll just hang
out with Petri okay bye bye say bye
Petrie bye to our partner I can't
believe his middle name is Kermit I knew
a dog named Kermit yeah I know
Oh be careful oh my love oh friendly he
is can I like carry him food why I'm
kind of like already carrying him yeah
he behaves exactly like ours
just like aloof and like no idea what's
going on but so sweet fucking hell how
do you feel
when we landed on Sam Adams he barking
yeah where you barking I'm serious you
can leave oh my god I've been replaced
have fun hi bye oh no no you know
there's a tornado warning we were scared
we're staying in Charleston what you
don't think that looks like me so I
don't maybe people won't know and this
is our new traveling companion all right
it's on we're trying to find them pins
but I don't want to put I don't wanna
put Petri down beat you up is gonna
happen
I'm not leaving Petrie you want to come
home with us I know the answers yes put
that poor dog down poor dog you're just
not you see here a senior he's replacing
here's strange man middle name is Carnot
I'd be used to it
his middle name is curved it are
compressed yeah he looks really
comfortable
he jumped into my arms just for the
record I didn't pick him up well I'm
sure he wants to jump out now don't look
at the mean man drive safe
bye we'll see you guys next time we're
in town
so we are now in Charleston there was a
bit of time on the road there on the way
to Charleston that we thought we were
gonna get caught in a tornado there's a
tornado watch for most of our Drive and
for a brief moment there's a tornado
warning which is more serious which
means basically take over this for my
vlog pretty much just like Scott and
same out is touch the sign met a few
people and then left because really
really close to st. Matthews was
Orangeburg County which is one of the
areas that was given a tornado warning
so now we made it to Charleston this is
gonna be our final destination but we
found this vegan place called Belle's
uptown a couple of years tweeting at us
and we found it so this is literally our
first stop at Thompson I haven't eaten
anything pretty much all day so I'm
excited to get some food today has been
incredibly dictated by weather most
last-minute trips we were able to kind
of do what we want in terms of like
going to the destination filming what we
want staying out early we've never had
it dictated by weather like it's been
today so it's all very new for us and
how we felt
but I'm not complaining you know that's
an adventure and we're rolling with the
punches as best we can
this might be the first time ever on
last-minute trips when I've gotten kind
of what you want like a proper meal like
this is a big goofy wrap now oh yeah so
this is where we are downtown Charleston
and we're gonna literally find what we
can get ourselves into since the rain
decided to just kind of throw us for a
loop here we just parked in this sign
right here says slave auctions
Charleston was one of the largest slave
trading cities in the US and the 1800s
the area around the old exchange
building was one of the most common
sites of downtown slave auctions most
auctions occurred just north of the
exchange though some also took place
inside in 1856 the city banned auctions
of slaves and other goods from the
exchange yeah we we shoot an
international called last-minute trips
last-minute
curious to see what kind of attractions
you have available today
I like the geo we hope you guys don't
mind but we're hoping to film the - my
name is Randy Johnson was the worst
we just ran into some of the people who
were on the coaster with us and they
gave me a couple of pictures that she
took of like me not personally but like
I'm in the picture and you can see like
faces if they're good enough I'll put
them in the video well back at the
airport and the trip has pretty much
come to an end this episode is gonna be
completely different than any episode
we've ever done just because of the fact
that for most of the trip we were trying
to just deal with the weather and things
beyond our control what's crazy though
is it turned out that the tornado
warning that we had in Saint Matthews
and ran away from hey that tornado hit
st. Matthews we found out when we got to
Charleston someone from st. Matthews
came to see us and turns out we
literally ran away from the tornado so
as expected I'm pretty exhausted we have
two flights today connecting and I am
already beginning the massive import of
our footage mt6 in the books lessons
learned on this trip when the weather is
being a dick it's fine just just do
whatever but listen to tornado warnings
but it's fine but run away
