hi guys so today's the two days before
Thanksgiving and we're just doing a
whole bunch of work and stuff Jenna's
going to get her mom from the airport in
a couple hours and I can't go because I
got to go have dinner my dad my brother
and my sister
Oh huh no but we're just back home just
like a normal back home vlog Janice in a
radio show and where it was spelled with
dad Joe there's my dad jokes lot every
time there's a holiday I take it upon
myself to make an extra dad joke special
I like them it's fun because when I
really did yeah if you're listening to
the radio and someone keeps selling
corny jokes it's way better than yeah
yeah yeah like fuck yeah yeah all right
I'm down with this goes good okay
anyway we're still like completely
recovering from the jetlag it's Tuesday
and we're still not even better it's
been fucked if any of you have ever
traveled from the States to Asia that
jetlag on the on the trip home is some
of the worst job I've ever had it
it's worse than Australia it was way
worse than Australia way worse because
we didn't feel jet-lagged barely at all
we were there so we saved it all for
when we're here we've been sleeping all
over the clock it's been crazy but I
just want to say hi and um we're it's
gonna be you know short at home vlog
just because we're just doing stuff it's
not going to be out there as a Nixon
Hoffman site yeah so this week I'm
taking it easy because next week is
vlogmas so you get 25 straight vlogs so
that'll be great means happy almost
bogman each of the visits all the gig
Kermit doesn't like it cuz he does like
anything except for chicken turkey
workers well we're going to eat not me
though yeah so me and Debbie you're
gonna have the turkey John is gonna make
her own
gian Thanksgiving thing but um oh you
guys gonna see check this out okay so
this company that sponsors our podcasts
apparently they make these giant canvas
of pictures and that we they were like
art we'll send you some to have before
you do this podcast so I sent some
pictures of me and Jenna and this is
what they sent us a giant Jenna one and
then another Jenna one in here there's
none of me
they're both of Jenna but they're for
the podcast with Jenna and Jenna podcast
yeah yeah which is hilarious oh really
quick I wanna show you guys something
look at yourself because Bloggie looks
so dope now yeah there's good at Taman
vlogging now you guys like that I bought
a bunch of gudetama stickers to put on
all my stuff because I'm obsessed with
gudetama and I found them they were in
the candy bag Arnold just came over and
we filmed the Japanese candy video that
I told you guys I was going to do we
tasted all the candy I bought from Japan
and it was really really funny because
some of that candy like expands in your
mouth like it rhymes it's crazy it's
really trippy science yeah if you guys
want to watch the candy tasting video
from Japanese Kenya David Arnold you can
watch that now it's out which is awesome
but anyway um I really just like I
wasn't gonna blog today because I'm
trying to take it easy before vlogmas
but i figured i was going to do a little
quick relaxed at home little update on
my life one thing is I haven't given you
guys like this in a while just walking
around the house even at home vlogs
before Japan I've been trying to go
shoot a bunch of crazy stuff because
I've been obsessed with a new camera but
I think one of these vlogs is kind of
overdoing it hello a baby week but like
I told you guys I'm going to dinner with
my dad brother and sister tonight which
should be fun I haven't seen them all in
a little while so that'd be great but
right now we are cleaning up to do
because the Debbie machine is coming
Oregon oiling done and
I am getting ready to head out to dinner
and I'm actually seriously debating
bringing these to dinner because we're
getting sushi I'm trying to decide if
that's inappropriate
I'm milling and then I'm also trying to
decide if I care because I really want
to use them but light saber chopsticks
it's nice and cool out and Jenna's going
to head out around the same time as I
leave to go get her mom so we will be
out of the house and then done in the
house Oh check this out this is sake I
got from Japan and it's in a bottle that
looks like a lightbulb but it's sake all
right we're at the restaurant with my
brother so fam sometime we're gonna go
get some sushi because I haven't enough
that past week rania cold her finishing
dinner my sister and my brother still he
won't leave let's leave lately don't
touch my stuff give me yours don't touch
my stuff my stuff my stuff stop it oh
yeah judo toss him I'm not gonna do it
you and Mom use not the most ill nasty
judo throws so bad what are you doing
this is how I ride in the car all right
she shook the car excuse you stop
touching other people's things
sir sir it was good hang out you guys
okay bye
yes sir dinner was awesome it was like
so great to hang out my brother and
sister all at once in my
really good to connect with the family
that's kind of a nice thing about this
time of year I mean amongst the other
nice things that you get to see your
family when you don't know when we see
them so that was nice
gassing up right now and then heading
home the Debbie machines at home now but
let's get home and then finish off
tonight but great dinner overall it's a
beautiful day before Thanksgiving and
with the beautiful Debbie machine and
we're going to get groceries for
tomorrow which is super responsible and
not last-minute of us at all
Liss we're kind of tired because last
night we stayed until 7:00 a.m. talking
about time zones right we had the
longest conversation ever last night all
three of us and they started from
talking about time zones but hey now
we're going to get some food so it's all
good
I want to elect a president that's going
to make quieter shopping carts so we
just finished all our shopping actually
it's not all of it we have to make one
more stop but we got a lot of it done
really quickly it's kind of surprising
cuz the day before Thanksgiving but
Debbie machine is a well-oiled
well-functioning efficient machine you
get things done very fast speech mr. hat
up I'm being weird are you sitting like
that hmm we just brightened a turkey now
we're looking to get dinner for tonight
the peach is sitting really weird on my
lap what is she doing so yeah you can
meet it was the night before
Thanksgiving it all through the house
all food was cooking and the people were
amount polish I was so glad to have you
machine Debbie today was like we're such
a good well-oiled machine and I was like
we're the Debbie sheep with our powers
in hunt we make did any damage in I hope
you guys enjoyed the low block of just
us being back home relaxing we got to
get it together and editor stuff before
turkey day and stuff and Jenna's gotta
edit her Japan blog it's a bitch it is a
bitch to edit for the entire to pinch
everyone blog so she's she's dealing
with it right now but thanks for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed the
video and thank you guys for watching
the candy video I do with Arnold it was
a lot of fun I'll see you guys in the
next vlog and peach will be just as
weird in it
okay bye guys I
