what is up guys uh so today my friend
Arnold hey
Arnold's have been in many many many of
my vlogs but we've never actually done
this before except when we made a video
on his channel which is going up next
week yes so I'll tell you guys and
that's out this has actually been
planned for a couple weeks now I knew I
was going to Japan and as many of you
know we had an amazing time in Japan but
while I was there I made sure to get a
whole bunch of Japanese candy this is
the only reason why I wanted him to come
back not because I missed them because
he promised me that we're gonna try
jetting I don't way view it's like the
most exciting candy the entire world but
I have my lovely Japanese backpack
filled with Japanese candy and today we
are gonna try all of it I'm excited for
this because I'm a huge fan of eating
yeah
oh me too yeah I guess let's just get in
it alright so first up is this we're
just gonna say this every time
joganki Japanese lollipop with candies
on yeah it's like lollipop with like
spikes it might be their version of
Spongebob I don't know is that offensive
I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh shit you have to make it look I don't
want to make you all these candies we're
supposed to make this guy like my guy in
the car alright so pour in the blue and
I'll pour in the red okay this is like a
science project yeah except you eat it
then oh yeah look at that color change
okay my yellow is actually blue this is
what I got oh that's pretty close to the
cover mmm
friend of mine it's like there's
something dentist put in your teeth
before they put braces on you my taste
like straight sugar like the texture is
fucked up
yeah textures really fucking weird yeah
I don't want any more oh that's yours
it's like a toy oh yeah I feel like you
press it and then like a picture oh yeah
oh but I don't even know how to open
this
it looks like yogurt-covered something
is this even candy or did I just buy
your toy haha I don't think I genuinely
know the idea that soy dude I just got
all the toys there's no
let's cherish this forever yeah this
will keep me entertained for days
strawberry covered raisins okay or not
is that chocolate Oh like right inside I
kind of taste like pistachios no bad
it tastes like nuts all right no one
gets to I'm not sure what it is out of
ten this is the one I was most excited
to try see what it says on it energy
drink bubble candy since energy drink
bubble candy on it
it looks like a pack of condoms big oh
my god it does oh my god I love it even
more
oh shit is this gonna like fizz in my
mouth it looks like a tablet so he's
gonna give me caffeine that's not gum oh
my god so sour what's happening in my
mouth it's like exploding that's like
eating a pre-workout powder if
pre-workout was a tablet yeah it's like
well it is an energy so we shouldn't
have this before workout today yeah I
expected gum this is orange so that
there's actually yeah in there I like
that they made the effort off to a good
start but they're like in the shape of
like seashores those is orange slice Wow
see I like it I don't mind it yeah
something like my mom would give me for
vitamin C oh they're still too got
vitamin C right oh it's just like
fondant making sure this this is it's
like a lollipop and there's like powder
in here like fun dip so go for it man
this hour
honestly know maybe the powder is let's
try you got to make the face at that
guy's making I do he's pretty happy not
nailed it bro
the sign of showers is boring and sugary
what is he is he a character that is
made out of bubbles a rhinoceros that
just took a pink bubble bath
he does have rhinoceros looking eyes
yeah already cheers we go it's less
strong than the other one by one I kept
looking over my mouth it feels like
we're gonna like it's gonna explode out
our mouth something just expanded yeah I
wanna exercise it fills your mouth oh
this just sounds weird but I think if I
consumer insight is expand yeah that's
weird
all right this looks like a milkshake a
couple of happy young
kids on it surely colorful packaging
that's the thing about the Japanese they
make everything so excitingly packaged
true like all their packaging is you
just want to throw anything away
these look like sour things you get for
boys maybe it tastes like a motion
oh very subtle yeah just like a sweet
little candy summer I like it I don't
mind it
yeah not bad this is the this is the
most teen so far save as' let me up
oh here's my lifesaver haha I leave your
somewhere my lightsaber chopsticks
I'm trying one'll eat chocolates like
chocolate graham cracker candy and it
also reminds me of starburst oh is it
good is it good good I would say delete
their graham cracker in the middle yeah
yeah I'm gonna stay away from mom
it's called happy full so hopefully by
the time I'm done with it I'll be happy
and it looks just like jelly beans I
mean yo like no jelly beans what you
chew and they don't they don't get
chewed like they're not you know I'm
saying it's like you're chewing plastic
it's almost like you versus a jelly yeah
we don't know who's gonna win this is
like little pudgy green candy man like
the texture it feels like it's gonna be
like marshmallows
does it taste luring it tastes really
boring marshmallow I'm in a train though
this one but it's supposed to look like
a pork bun good
oh please not working it out oh my gosh
oh my gosh chocolate looks so good oh
man I really don't want for her stuff is
it good at least the top lit no this one
says monster spam so I'm curious to see
what's inside I might have gotten you
another four I hope you did oh it's like
candy shaped like a stamp Oh lick it in
the sand herself maybe are you serious I
am fucking oh god region everything it's
a stale that's an edible shit that is
dope so I got you a toy Deaconess yeah
probably yeah alright so I got something
that has either a brother and sister or
a girl and a boy who are interested in
each other
Oh your teeth okay no that's like it's
sour
oh really sour they're not mint or just
candy you like salmon or tuna better
I'll do salmon all the way
the salmon one on I like sushi more than
anything in the entire world truth so
naturally I had to get sushi looking
candy suckers yes so I got tuna he got
salmon Cheers
so it's just just a lollipop this might
sound gross to you guys but it kind of
has like a subtle hint of official
you're gonna say hey mine does not maybe
I didn't get the fish flavored one it's
weird because it's like a hard sucker
and you bite it and then it turns soft
ya know a plus for the packaging
definitely makes me want sushi monsters
youth after this is oxygen this all
looks like feels like that and they're
jelly in the back I think I had this as
a kid so it's like little jello pack oh
my god oh good oh good yeah you don't
like it it really doesn't like it I got
the bad flavor I'm sorry mom
our greens are all better so these are
these liquid warheads Oh Betty's are
fucking sour I know it look they look
exactly like warheads if I can open mine
let's try not to make a face no sour
faces away Oh get sour when you bite
into it
whirlwind of emotions right now oh that
we get taffy yeah whoo pretty good yeah
I guess it's sour
not that sour it's like pretty subtle oh
I got a lot I got gum wait man Krista
gum
I don't know this gum or not don't
swallow it it's gone but this one looks
like a pack of cigarettes mmm some for
the kids oh it might be those candy
cigarettes
oh you're rather totally but the
packaging looks like scary real yeah
yeah let's see it yeah this is a little
slow right now
it tastes boring all right last one Oh
what's this guy's name buckets a little
bit about the cat is it Philip I think
it's for me I look cool Philip the cat
Oh
it says it on there feeling ah pewdiepie
the cat ha ha ha mine looks like this I
think this go okay
so we'll finish our gum that's
appropriate or fect wise line shape we -
- Cheers everyone taste of that maybe
don't get there give me a couple seconds
oh yeah here it is
my bad taste little did I get oh good
yeah not bad well that's all the candy I
have that was fun I was a lot of fun
then well thanks for doing the video of
course man I will link his channel below
also I will let you guys know next week
when his video with us comes out yes let
me know if you guys like this video
because I will
totally do more of the tasting videos
type thing if you want thank you guys
for watching even though this wasn't a
blog thank you I will see you guys later
and if you're ever in Japan make sure
you get all this candy all right later
guys
please see me go get a jelly with hops
are haha can't believe I bought you in
here
it
it
