ah
ha
what is up guys I am walking around
pretty close to the hotel right now
shooting some stuff and kind of
exploring right now jenna is getting
ready for the meet-and-greet we are
going to go over the YouTube space Tokyo
in a couple hours and do a mean green
there's a bunch of awesome Japanese
internet friends waiting to meet Jenna I
just decided I was gonna walk around
explore a little bit and it's beautiful
out it's like just after yesterday's
rain super clear
I got a nice workout this morning so
that was great but I'm headed back to
the hotel gonna get ready myself I also
should eat something because we ate
lunch but I'm still kind of hungry and I
haven't had proper sushi so this vlog I
promise you I will get me some sushi
from Japan it's going to be real good
sushi not not just some convenience
store sushi which don't get me wrong was
amazing now all I can think about is
sushi thanks a lot guys we're heading to
the Ming gree right now I'll dress up
look at her she's so pretty again the
taxi gotta go so we got here out of the
cab
we're going to the YouTube space but
it's connected to a bunch of different
offices and buildings so we're
navigating through right now with the
team and going to meet a hundred
japanese internet friends or at least
internet friends who are in japan maybe
they're not Japanese but yeah we're
we're on route right now and kind of
excited we live into one YouTube space I
think it's you my manager Vincent
managing your best today yeah the
Simon's yeah got a sign in here just
read all that you know they did this ah
this is the meaty read area I've
literally never seen anything there
close to like this there's little
marbles on the cupcakes that is so crazy
this is a cool space this is amazing yes
these cranes nice office oh yeah squats
behind me first person in line she's
very doing squats so I'm gonna get
weirder from her yeah so I just want to
say that all the people we're meeting
here absolutely fit the bill for a tough
guy
they are so nice they just want to talk
to you and have a conversation and like
I'm everyone saying hi to me I don't
think it's a idea it's just it's just
overwhelmingly nice to meet everyone
here everyone's so sweet
also there's a translator who can
translate amazingly from Japanese
English and I'm like obsessed with her
because that kind of thing blows my mind
I don't know how people do that I just
want to have her translate really
inappropriate stuff for me but it's
probably rude
maybe in your honor
oh you're gonna be in it everyone this
is Megumi and she wore a topknot yeah in
honor of million the one day I don't
wear one I have my hair down like one
day out of the year then she comes
I'm sorry I couldn't match but no I
appreciate I'm glad you know this is a
solid situation it got a stone yeah ty I
did it for Jillian hurt you know well
thank you Maggie I'm sorry I failed you
can you translate something for me like
on camera
it's just these two words I say in my
vlogs get legs look like this is Yoshi I
want to see if she can translate get
legs or even try gone back there movie
is like a Japanese person might think
I'm bucket which means you know make
Becky the best awkward thing that's good
yeah here's some bit listen to
yeah all right it's probably not exactly
I made the same thing all right I'm
gonna link her below so if she's wrong
you will go find her thank you I don't
know if I've already said this I might
have said this but like three people
have come up to me and asking me if I'm
wearing a wig because I never wear my
hair down everyone thinks I'm wearing a
wig the one time I wear my hair down you
might be in the blog oh okay okay so I
didn't I'm in Japan for the first time
and this shirt is here to yours never
graduated from here I why she is so so
pretty she's a pretty girl
that girl is adorable look at how she's
dressed
Jenna's like in love with her often
that's a real that's Yuri so apparently
she's a famous model and blogger she
looks the part she looks fantastic like
to go outfit I love her outfit Jenna's
losing it about her outfit too
you're doing a photo booth oh my god
this is crazy curly oh yeah let's see
how this works you can choose a
background see what background you
feeling are you feeling okay get ready
three fine going yeah whoa trippy so we
just got out of the cab and I had dinner
and now we are going to this place
that's supposedly a laugh right
and very festive and supposedly there's
nobody there and it's just gonna be us
it's gonna be very kawaii yeah you are
definitely excited
Alys popped up what was happening
sorry not yet got a snapchat
yo what is happening we're alone in this
place what what I don't know what to say
this place is unreal this is what I
imagined the world is like in my dreams
this is where I dream I go here when I
dream except for here right now on the
way what's it the ashes where did you
take this this is amazing where are we
we're really we're really in Tokyo right
now this is cool this is so cool this is
the menu this is also menu the menu I
wish this place existed at home where am
I
can I sleep here I'm like losing it
right now there's the coolest thing ever
you're gonna ride this this one I'm
melting Pikachu guy ride nothing
I have no words this is the coolest
thing ever
what is happening
I'm in love I'm moving to Tokyo bye bye
LA I'm willing to talk y'all bitches
this is the coolest thing I've ever done
we're leaving this magical place now and
we're going to a bar that's supposedly
very trippy also so it's the theme of
the night that was something I would
absolutely never forget
holy shit so I was so incredible that
experience at the kawaii monster cafe
which is the name of the place we're
just at the kawaii monster cafe feels so
lucky that we just went there and we are
walking now to another bar which is
supposedly like I said on theme for the
night so you'll see what
hats on the neck our hat on the neck cuz
this is legit barely fit this Tara oh my
god this is it so my mind is blowing my
mind has been blown again we're you know
I'd say more like seven people probably
tops could fit in here we walked into
the bar and we walked up these narrow
stairs and now this is the bar this is a
glass this is the in kind of thing
amazing look so we're at tight bar this
is our second stop after the crazy
Hawaii Kevin and I'm having the sucking
there's me wrong Jenna and Ali and this
is the entire bar we are filling up the
whole bar we walked up those stairs and
we are now in it's called tight bar
which is I think pretty appropriately
named EMR this is Elaine what you're
looking at is the entire bar and then
the stairway behind me that's it he
plays for the type of bar here
there's streets and streets of bars that
hold maybe six people here the owner and
the person who runs like bar is go skate
this is yes Lee he's very friendly and
he's been helping us out immensely
and I gave him my our channel URL so he
can go watch the Brogdon again so if he
ever shows up in the comments give it a
show below thank you the gusting new
type r you're ever in tokyo mine your
way here because it's amazing heart we
have ended up at our favorite bar
so far it's like our like our late-night
spot it's called juju barn foods sin he
dole in tokyo working ball Mizuki good
to see you
this is my sake in water right guys we
are in for the night back at our hotel
and our separate bed separate beds that
we've like a good unmarried couple I
just want to say that this trip to Japan
that is only possible because of you has
absolutely changed my entire life
outlook on the way that the world is
I'll see you in two seconds where I'm
that's as much as it was a legit
latarian is a sum of the stock good
morning from Tokyo this is our last full
day here had an absolutely fantastic
night last night which you saw a lot of
can't say enough good things about this
place it's already easily taken the spot
for the coolest place I've ever gotten
to travel we are going to go to this
place today it's described as a man-made
island and there's a lot of shopping
also as I promised you guys I will be
getting sushi today because I'm not
leaving Japan without having proper
sushi so Tokyo our face off one last
time so we were at the small in dive bar
I'm like really hungry because I haven't
eaten since last night looking for food
for me it's kind of hard it takes a
while so while we look I wanted to have
so I went to a ramen place and I ordered
chefs two of like the soft-boiled eggs I
didn't show you guys what else our guys
ate it but the eggs here like they taste
nothing like eggs at home because
they're so heavily seasoned with such
rich flavor it's like he doesn't even
taste like an egg it tastes like
something out so good anyway I just
ordered two eggs today and it was the
best snack ever and I want to go do it
again that is awesome
we're just shopping right now and I'm
looking at this thing that I can't even
comprehend massive it's like a little
city we're gonna finally get that I have
to help so she need
this is fucking incredible try not to be
rude
this is a very pleased guys there's this
brand here called gudetama and it's
basically this guy he's an egg he's an
egg yolk that's the character and I'm in
love with it I love everything that they
make this is an example of all the stuff
eggs everywhere I just love it it's like
my favorite thing I found here also guys
there may or may not be a Japanese candy
trying video coming your way
how are you tired
I always been the MVP of the trip thank
you for everything and I had to hug can
you just come in the bass now get it
just absolutely over on stage you'll see
in the vlog coming play on next week all
of that it's really probably because
she's speaking to a Japanese audience as
a translator but you're saying things
that are resonating Saudi people you can
tell just by the way we're not in your
heads just very proud of her
in other news I am drinking this right
now which is a hard cider made by Kirin
which it's normally a beer companies
governments or David Holub from Google
who is the mayor he also got us awesome
jackets which you'll see later what I'm
wearing them but OJ's workers continue
to bid
easy girl okay mama say in English yes I
leave Tokyo tomorrow come by
okay it's a couple hours before our
flight and we are waking up from sort of
sleeping we had the most amazing time in
Tokyo can't really even put it into
words right now partly because it was
amazing and partly because I'm hungover
and tired but we're going to airport
soon thank you guys so much for watching
all the Tokyo vlogs I was pretty happy
about getting to shoot all the stuff I
did and it was a blast everyone say bye
from Tokyo bye bye guys
no longer than midnight
