what is up guys welcome to day three of
Tokyo I am so excited we are going to go
to a bunny and a cat cafe two different
cafes where there's bunnies in one and
cats and the other and they're just
hanging out so we're going to do that
today we're going to get lunch and do
some cool shopping and a bunch of cool
places we're rested up from yesterday
feeling good and ready to go out and do
all the cool stuff so let's go get on
with day three of Tokyo Japan okay well
I don't know where we are like
technically we're district but we're
going to a bunny cafe it's a little room
some furniture and bunnies just hang out
the bunnies also right as we were just
getting out of our taxi Rome not only
yeah no she had a yard sale now did she
drop her umbrella for no reason but then
these two guys were like laughing and
she's like got rattled and then she
dropped the pen rider she was about
inside oh shit okay we're here we're at
the bunny cafe alright so I guess I
missed the memo but apparently when you
get in there you take off your shoes and
you put these on so there's a clock so
that my Crocs a little back get some
coffee need some money
this is a very very cool experience
he's rabbits just hanging out in a
setting like a cafe they're all friendly
and happy and Jenna's having the time of
her life it's a really really cool okay
that was really really really cool
experience hopefully you can still hear
me
because one of those bunnies had been
chewed through almost through the entire
mic cord my camera so that would have
sucked it he got all the way through I
had to stop but that was one of the
coolest things ever they were just
chilling really friendly and now it's
raining so I think we're gonna go walk
around and maybe go to a cat cafe now
really fun time mom do you have fun it
was pretty cool it's pretty cool
thanks for coming Rach I named him rod
cuz he looked like a rock and he was
bundled up like he was a rock all right
swish no gonna vlog Ethan it's raining
oh we arrived at the cat cafe and now
we're gonna handle some cats for about
30 minutes
I just never know how to be so
oh it was nice to meet you
thanks for watching you wash my hands so
we're leaving the cat cafe now my friend
by Japanese string cheese we'll just
took a pit stop to get some smashed nuts
on this and Jenna got some big-ass
grapes they're huge
oh my god that's crazy
we're all listening between those new
account and generally I'm doing the
otter voice oh whoa music I hate you
guys nice you gonna make me fall we're
back in Shibuya peeps not using the good
camera because it is raining and I'm
afraid for everything to break but it's
it's popping out here people are
shopping and it's crazy we're gonna do
some cosmetic shopping
so Jenna and Rome were just looking for
cosmetics that place behind me I got
really bored so I'm venturing off to
find a store that I enjoy like adidas or
something like that
so I'm just gonna go find a store that I
want to go look in and then I'm gonna
look in it I kind of really like the
rain here in Tokyo because I like rain
maybe
it just makes it feel like her festive
anyway to find some cool stuff here with
my friend we just went to the Adidas
store we got a little bit of sweat I
found some clothing
they're both athletic and my casual that
they don't have at home so I got you
guys know I love adidas unfortunately
there were no easy and I'm still easy
lists but it's okay
life goes on now we're in this big
shopping center and a great meal we're
just gonna start having an absolutely
fantastic time here in Tokyo so we are
sitting down for some lunch it's it's
getting dark a little early and it's
raining it's only five o'clock right
there but I want to show you guys
because we're really just winging it
like learning as we go with ordering and
our friend Ali works at Google helped us
massively by writing cards specifically
for me and Jenna so this is my card
right here it basically says I can't eat
any gluten rye barley or wheat and it
also says that I love eggs Jenna thinks
that's hilarious she thinks it's like
when you adopt a dog it'll say something
my god it says something about the dog I
love it
huge sound out Ali because she helped us
but we're like we're in this restaurant
communicating pretty well with his dad
because we have this on our side and
Rome has a car that jimin's I could eat
every day we're going to try to get a
cab right now and I want to show you
guys how it goes down
so we are back at the hotel room just
kind of relaxing we were out all day
basically on our feet shopping doing a
bunch of stuff and it was a blast it was
an amazing second day in Tokyo we got
some good food got some cool stuff but
right now we're just kind of getting off
our legs and hanging out thank you guys
so much for watching Japan vlog day 3 I
really appreciate it hopefully you
enjoyed it I'll see you guys tomorrow
for the last installment of our trip to
Tokyo
