guys we're heading out for the night
going to dinner to get some ramen and
then going to the robot restaurant which
we have been looking forward to forever
we are out and going to dinner at a
special gluten-free and vegan ramen
place and we are doing that right before
we go to the robot restaurant so it
should be a really really exciting night
we're gonna have ramen both me and my
weekend
kawaii little ahh she's Kauai that means
cute so we're going to eat ramen very
soon we just found out that this
restaurant has a Michelin star so it's
really incredible rounded we're going to
eat it for their face stop I'm hungry
I'm ready for a real ramen michelin star
though that's impressive this one star
that's how you order the ramen here
thanks for ruining our food alley this
is how she's helping us I'm just
ordering some Michelin star ramen in
Tokyo for a vending machine because I'm
writing my ramen except put the bib on
rung and I almost ripped in half so
hopefully it holds up I don't think is
going a little bit I'll probably just
rip it off when I'm what I'm eating
Joe came on the Titanic last night so
I'm on my second bowl of ramen I don't
want this moment to end ever this is the
best tasting dish I didn't know how to
say it's just the most amazing
this ramen is perfection
I'm happy to go I really just don't want
to end like dreading the moment I
finished this bowl I'm gonna black out
for another five minutes just look at
this I mean this is insane he's
absolutely insane it's raining and
there's a cop right there and we're
almost freaking out about the snapchat
filters which I can't even believe
what's behind me like this is just it's
blowing my mind
this whole city is blowing my mind this
is so cool
everybody where the robot restaurant
it's madness this whole area yeah now
they're all yelling over each other and
apparently this Howie Ali Ali told us
that this alley just gets naughty or
naughty or as you walk out it like red
light district but yeah the world
got to get in line for the robot
restaurant
I've no idea what to expect them mad
exciting and it's really great and its
prey
driven
and
I know
probably wait for the show
pre-show and he's amazing chairs feel
like royalty the snails we're sitting in
a snack
we're going into the show soon but
there's like a pre-show band and we're
all sitting in this cold room with
mirrors everywhere you guys are seeing
everything everything I no other way to
explain it we're having a drink - this
is supposedly what's it called again
chew I chew hi this is chuh hi which is
supposedly a Bailey cocktail like a
mixed drink for men it's like vodka with
a little lemon in a can man in a can man
in a can that's weird but yeah I'm
drinking a man in a campus
again
you
go into the show right now oh my god
it's the main show floor very trippy oh
let's do it wrong don't fall guys this
is gonna be insane
holy crap car going our seats this is it
is the stage for the robot robot
restaurant I just want another drink
here we are just the robot restaurant
we're in our seats we're gonna watch the
show now
okay right like the first intermission
that was insane
but they have these pieces better forms
to like go over your heads in the crowd
they like utilize every inch of this
little room in a basement it was for
this massive show the room is so much
smaller and I thought it would be for
watching the video also that guy was
asleep
during that round
so far I give it I don't know
out of 10 train it's pretty great
this
trash
all right
something strange is going on
in what way
I don't even know how to explain what's
going on he's literally the loudest
maybe out this thing ever it's so badly
that's they're gonna wake up I'm not
gonna wake up Mike anyway I think we're
getting some glow sticks now so we can
cheer them on oh yeah which is important
they need our support team purple
you
you
so remember when I just blogged you like
two seconds ago I forgot to turn my leg
so we're just gonna recreate that we
shot this whole thing two seconds ago
with no audio dancing again alleys
awesome we just got out of the robot
show which you could probably try out
for
anyway we had a great time at the robot
show it was completely wild to be
nothing like I've ever experienced we're
just with the team now we're Jetta team
legs and some Google peeps I'm having
some drinks around the corner I didn't
want to point out that something we've
discovered here in Japan is people are
very helpful they offer their help
without asking today we were lost we had
our map out and some guy saw and just
offered help and told us where to go is
really nice and I saw this woman trying
to get into a store with the step up and
she was trying to get her stroller up a
stand by the child and some guy lifted
the stroller up and just walked away and
I was like wait a minute why didn't you
walk away I thought that was the dad but
it was just a stranger like people just
help each other here and it's just one
of those culture things that you you're
not used to it was very cool anyway
right now I'm gonna be busy with your
ego what is up guys good morning
yesterday was such a fun day and I
didn't close the vlog we got home super
late we also found this awesome bar that
is like now our favorite bar in Tokyo
and we found it at like 2:00 a.m. and is
a complete hole in the wall but it's so
cool we met the people who owned it and
made friends with them and had some sake
it was really fun like a late night
adventure Tokyo at night is so peaceful
so peaceful there's like bikes laying
around that aren't even chained up it's
insane
I love this place but anyway thank you
guys for watching today to vlog of Tokyo
I'll see you guys tomorrow for the next
vlog stay tuned because it's only
getting more incredible and amazing for
here in Tokyo I love this place I
genuinely really like Tokyo thanks guys
for watching and I'll see you
