apparently they have those dogs here so
you can so you can pet them and relax
before your flight these people get
stressed up anyway
it's up with the airport we're about to
go on an adventure to Tokyo and they're
petting again China can't get it off we
are going to Tokyo Japan for the first
time in all three of our lives it's
going to be absolutely crazy I'm really
excited and nervous
let's go to Japan some of you might like
to know a little bit more about our
drummer
we are in the Tokyo Airport we just
arrived and we're going to customs right
now so I'm probably in trouble I'm
holding my camera out like this we're
here it's nighttime and we got a bit of
a car ride to get to our hotel or to
Tokyo because we're like an hour outside
for we're in Japan around we're in Japan
we're here okay but just as you as I
possibly can
our first restaurant our restaurant type
thing in Japan in Tokyo we just dropped
our stuff off of the hotel and we're
here having some key this is literally
our first time walking into an
establishment here in Japan and trying
to order stop it because we know it know
Japanese so I'm in Saki and celebrating
our arrival here in Tokyo which is so
excited and we ordered a very
traditional Japanese meal it's called
french fries because I couldn't
understand anything else on the menu and
I'm pretty sure we couldn't eat any of
it
that person beyond Japan is down yes we
finish our snack our little late-night
uh sake and french fries we're trying to
stay awake for at least another hour so
we're kind of on the schedule of Japan
time but we're heading back now gonna
probably get a nice little night rest
for tomorrow because tomorrow is like a
big day off we get to kind of just go
and explore and do a bunch of things so
we want to be rested up for that and
feel good we're waking up right now and
getting ready to go downstairs it's a
really nice day out and we're going to
go to Shibuya today do some shopping and
adventure around so that's the plan so
far we're going to eventually get lunch
then we'll be back here and we got some
cool plans for tonight we just got to
Shibuya right now it's this giant square
full of shopping and all sorts of stuff
we got out of a cab the cab's here the
taxis here are like pristine you're not
meant to touch the cab they have these
switches that open the doors for you
which is crazy but it's a sign of
respect not to touch any part of the cab
you just walk in and it has the switch
it's very wild but yeah we're going to
look at honey this is this is where we
are right now it's saying it's so cool
this is every bit a culture shock as I
could have expected it plus plus more
but we're going to do some shopping it
should be very interesting it should be
fun and hopefully we'll find some really
cool stuff because Japanese shopping
I've always thought is like the coolest
shopping ever
this is my first Japanese sushi right
here we got it a little convenience
store I got high Jenna got the pineapple
I got some of Trance sushi so let's see
her
is really good and it's like gas station
sushi here really good we're walking to
a place called Harajuku right now so
walking from Shibuya a little snack and
now we're looking to do some more
exploring but Harsha who is like a
10-minute walk hopefully we'll get there
soon and do some show
I like it's not present
we're sparking that was out and we saw a
sign that said there's a restaurant so
she went inside I got a gluten-free
ramen ramen ramen Jenna got a Greek
Randy they see a waiting
deanna mirror look this meter need to
teach him a call don't worry everyday
cafe different little birds and Harvard
English guys excited
that was cool it was like a little
jingle that was playing outside the door
and it was really loud too I feel like
that's probably something that happens
every night but anyway that's it for
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
it was a really really fun first day in
Japan we're still pretty tired and we
have some really cool plans for tonight
well about us general my restaurant
you'll see it in tomorrow's vlog and
Jenna's blogging it's so exciting but
yeah really been yet just trying to
survive I know we had a close call today
Jenna ate something that was sort of
fishy and I ordered miso soup yeah drank
it and then there was like oysters at
the bottom and I was like all this yeah
yeah so that's happened before and
Jenna's like gotten this close to like
me jacking but today we gave her some
ginger tablets and she she avoided it
thank God
we'll be going out tonight to the robot
restaurant which is super dope but
you're gonna see that in the next vlog
wanted to save that for the next vlog
because today was pretty packed with
stuff anyway we're having fun in Japan
we're in Tokyo and we're just trying to
do our best have fun y'all
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog thank you
for watching and we'll see you tomorrow
when you get to see us at the robot
restaurant so sleepy though I need some
energy
alright caffeinate and then go watch
robots and and I don't know I don't know
what to call them so hi I saw Hawaii
yeah okay how do you get that all the
time of nothing only to uncle Silas Ohio
huh goddamn wants to be put down
no no no come by it did Becky Misaki
mess oh ye Shi Ishi mama mom hi
we know Java he go by fly
I feel sick and tired huh the Japanese
five I think rope-tow can't grow pills
close your brothels open
okay market
