guys happy Friday I am just out of the
shower which is why my hair's wet but it
was really dirty tried to wash it I know
I start these vlogs with the most
interesting facts brace yourselves guys
I am gonna eat some lunch right now
I was just trolling Jason's periscope
because he was periscoping and I wasn't
with him
so I got control it which was fun um
tonight Arnold and Hart are coming over
to our house because heart is collabing
with Jenna and I'm gonna kick it with
Arnold I think Jason Gav's also will
come over so it'll be a fun night we
were up pretty late last night for the
video I was up early today but I'm
feeling good and caffeinated and
caffeinated and caffeinated so just
gonna eat some food fuel myself up and
then say hi again
and tell you what I'm doing yo guys so I
came out to shoot some stuff out in the
world I had some time free and so I was
like setting my camera up for a shot and
I lift my hand off the camera and a
giant fucking spider like pops out like
it looks like a mini tarantula
have like hairs on it it was fucking
huge and I couldn't shoot it because I
just set up the shot so the shot was
shooting something else and this fighter
was just like giving me the finger
walking away like bitch why'd you make
me relocate god damn fucking spooked me
real good but anyway just finishing up
shooting some stuff outside and then I'm
gonna head back home and take care of a
couple things but I wanted to share that
start with you
I'm blessed that's why I'm alive if that
spotter was more blessing me he would
have destroyed me but I'm more blessed
than him so I got away safely
everything's good god there's nothing to
like it masculine you more than just
seeing a fucking spider unexpectedly
especially a big-ass one Jesus talking
unnecessary you guys I clean the house
really proud of myself and I put on a
head bed because I'm feelin festive
clean the living room but as clean as I
can do right now clean the kitchen this
candles messy God I always put out our
on the heart coming soon we're gonna
shoot that thing what are we gonna hear
another lady pinky are you doing I can
see you tail wagging because of the way
you're moving I don't see your tail see
you look beautiful behind me our life is
in miss it's a mess and we need to water
it with cleaning and work but it's all
good
because her friends are coming over to
have fun and shoot stuff so that's
always good and I have a headband on
because it's festive why not your
boyfriend here oh it's very it's berry
berry so berries just like come get me
he's waiting for you he's laying it all
out for you oh yeah they're playing my
love when they play very such a playful
cat yes guys look who I'm with did you
miss him cuz I missed him I miss this
guy man our girlfriends and fiancees are
collabing yes I make s horrible
gingerbread houses artistic gingerbread
houses
I say horribly done it's been
entertaining but we're hanging out we're
getting drinking I'm showing them back
this Batman this is bad news but are you
serious yeah that's epic man like it
love it you can see in the dark that's
Marty right maybe that's good one thing
anyway our pets are like totally like
getting it on look at Barry just giving
it up
I think Barry feels like he lives here
Barry you live here you walk in like I
own the place
peachy every time Barry comes over peach
gets like physically hot because she's
so excited and now I think she wore
herself out you wear yourself out baby
girl why don't you hang out your
boyfriend hey Julie do they know how big
Batman is oh yeah I've never shown them
like Batman in the mirror but they know
it's not it's not no vlog I don't think
I can carry Batman I don't have the
muscles dude it gets you jacked man it's
a great arm workout you'll be uneven
though right yeah Oh Barry look Barry
plays hard-to-get what's their ship name
what is their shit things what are what
do you think it should be Perry Perry
Perry cuz it's not Beach no no I can't
all right you Harry
Barry impeach here you're Perry she's so
cute oh my god mom peachy that's the
cutest animal couple I think I've ever
seen yet oh you guys cleaned it up all
right
there was a giant mess here before how'd
it go it's really fun
did you a nervous one I totally wonder
why I don't remember giving you my nod I
thought I'd give it a tie but hey
Queens cuz my blessed office
what are you doing Barry you just
chillin on top of the chair is that
comfortable for you if our dogs could do
this we'd be in so much trouble
Oh oh hello there Oh
yeah
turn on music star my
good morning guys just chilling here
with my little buddy in the cat hoodie
because this thing is amazing look at
him just chillin like a villain anyway
we're waking up and we have way too much
to do we don't have to be adults today
but we got to somehow do it so we're
going to get after it
Jenna's doing collabs today again for
other people and we have to podcast and
we have to start like getting our minds
in the packing mode so we are playful
today and the plate is not full with
Chipotle it's full with tasks and things
to do but I had a blast last night
seeing Arnold and Hart and Jason and
gabs it was a great time but now it's no
back to doing things to prepare for our
trip so we are going to start doing it
all
sorry I couldn't close the vlog last
night but I wanted to say goodbye to you
and thank you for watching the vlog I
really appreciate it I will see you guys
later can't say exactly why because I'm
going to Japan I'm going to do my best
to upload the same from there but you
never know without Wi-Fi either way
you're going to get some dope shit from
when I'm in Tokyo it's gonna be really
cool but yeah thanks guys for watching I
really appreciate it and I will see you
guys in the next vlog later
