hey you guys I am starting the vlog in
the evening it's almost 2000 hours right
now so it's late we're about to have
dinner
and we've been working on the video for
a couple hours now Chinese video that is
I got a run to the FedEx store because
I've been selling old cameras and old
camera parts that we are moving on from
specifically me as you guys know I've
got a new camera so my old camera I am
moving that and I'm also moving the
lenses that I had for it so I got to run
to the store to ship it to my ebay buyer
and then I'm gonna run back here have
some dinner and we're gonna finish up
with this video but I want to say hi
sorry that I haven't been on all day
it's been kind of a crazy day but good
one like I said the clock is like taking
right now to Japan so we we really gotta
get our shit in order but today was good
Lana so we got a lot done and who's in
here oh there's like a fire and
everyone's upstairs with Jenna and then
there's this one you thing you know you
just holding it down he's alpha as fuck
he just sits here but no one else is not
I mean he's like just hanging out by the
fire that's what I would do alright I
got it a FedEx star all right I got this
package walking into the FedEx store I
really like doing errands at night how
about you guys when it's nighttime and
you have a bunch of errands to run and
the places you're going or open it just
feels are no no one's in my way and I
like the nighttime I like going out at
night on little adventures so gonna ship
this off and head back home
all right just finished shipping off the
camera lens that I am no longer using
what I was saying it got really dark but
what I was saying is that going into
that store like so late at night when
it's like bright in there and those
computers and people reminded me of
going to the library in college like
really late at night because they would
keep it open late for kids who had just
to do shit all night and I don't know
why this reminds me of that but I don't
miss that it just reminded me of that
all right let me go eat some dinner all
right we're gonna eat some dinner right
now we ordered it it looks really really
nice but to keep us company we have
survivor of course Spencer getting good
all right I haven't done this in a while
we just finished dinner and we're gonna
go start working and Peach has been
looking at our food all night even
though I gave her some of it so I just
want to leave the camera in here and
watch her steal the food that she's not
supposed to
put the camera here because I feel you
would
did she take it I'm gonna check the tape
do you take the food I really think she
did I'm gonna check the tape now hold on
I was trying to check the tape and she
came over and started kissing me so I
saw her sniffing around I didn't see her
take anything so good girl you just so
curious the way she came over and kissed
me though when I was like checking to
see if she was guilty
it's funny stuff anyway Survivor was
good tonight I'm kind of pissed at what
happened voting off
spoiler alert Savage I don't know why he
had to get voted off I don't know why he
was the target of that blindside that
Wentworth created and Sierra's really
pissing me off too anyway that's all for
that part of the vlog good peachy good
girl I'm proud of you I'm proud of her
she didn't take the food
although the Crunchwrap from months ago
that she took he's still missing Magican
she ate that shit I had comments like
months and months after that vlog where
peach stole a Crunchwrap when I placed
the camera on the side like I just did
right now and people were constantly
like where's the Crunchwrap where's the
credit I was like she fucking ate it
like it's nowhere like it's literally
nowhere we looked under the couch
everywhere in the living room it's
nowhere she ate it she fucking ate that
country so we just had a shooting and I
didn't really blog at all throwing
shooting a because we're busy and that's
kind of hard to do and distraction but
also because we're using my camera to
shoot you in his video by the way I'm
naming my new camera Batman so if you
want to address Batman by his name he'd
appreciate it
anyway I want to show you really quick
we got this new external hard drive
because we run out of space constantly
for all the stuff we keep lots and lots
of gigs and terabytes of stuff so we got
a new one and this is what it does when
it's like processing new files it's
really fucking fucking ray V and shit
look at that fucking holy shit guys holy
fuck it's fucking are you gonna rave no
I'm just editing a video are you in a
club
oh no I'm not in a club I'm at my desk I
have a problem
alright we're gonna get to editing now
you know the drill oh hello dere were
you in the video yeah you were look at
that tail non-stop wagging
non-stop look at the lady she's a lady
okay
what we do is kiss in front of the
camera it's inappropriate anybody yeah
surrounded by the boys so I took a
little break from editing uh-huh because
sometimes you got to do that you need a
little break marble I signed up for more
than enough raffles for this Saturday
because the new Yeezy boost 350s are
coming out and I am oh for two on the
last two releases really really wanting
a pair of this time but probably won't
get one because those raffles are kind
of like a ship fight and getting them
online at the release is just like
everything crashes so I figured I'd
mention that that I'm a consumer and I
can't help myself
at least when it comes to these shoes
like I just I've always wanted a pair
and I've never ever gotten one I think
that's why I warm so that I'm such an
idiot but I don't care I want it's
getting late so Kermit and I are
probably gonna cover can you edit the
rest of the world can you edit Jenna's
video can you edit anything why we have
you yeah gonna close the vlog thank you
guys for watching and hanging out got an
early training session so that'll be
good but tomorrow's Comino the busy day
and I'll see you guys then alright
