good morning guys first of all it is an
absolutely beautiful day it was like
cool this morning there's clouds in the
sky it's nice and crisp but it's also
like perfect and sunny so great dick I
got home a couple minutes ago from
training and I took the little ones out
for a walk because well because he
walked her dogs a and B they were
clearly Restless peach got into a box of
unused tampons panel I said unused
they'll be weird if there was a box of
used tampons anyway I don't know why
were there already so it is officially
begun the prep for our big trip any you
guys want to keep work peach does the
prep for the big trip to Japan has
officially started we got a giant
checklist of things to do before we
travel across the world it's going to be
a really great trip which it's just
going to take a lot of prep in a number
of different arenas in our lives but
it'll be good right now jenna is getting
her hair done she's getting a new hair
color so that'll be a fun surprise for
later and I got some stuff to get done
at the house but I wanted to quickly
mention vog miss you guys have been
asking recently about if I'm gonna do
vlogmas again vlogmas for those who
don't know is basically vlogging from
December 1st until Christmas every
single day it's also a big reason why I
got really into vlogging last year I did
wrong miss and I had so much fun and
kind of fell in love with vlogging so
I'm going to be doing it again the
answer is yes the only difference this
year is that I might not be doing full
day in the life of orful my day sort of
vlogs for the whole vlogmas I might do
some vlogs where I just talk to camera
for a couple minutes and don't even cut
or I might do some challenges or kind of
whatever I feel like I don't want to
hold myself to one thing so I won't do
that I'm gonna be doing a number of
different things but I will post every
day from December 1st until Christmas so
hope you guys are excited about that
because I am it'll be fun it's really
festive we have a couple trips planned
in December one work and then one for
you know visiting our family okay guys
seriously like figure it out do you guys
have like you have multiple dogs and
when you walk them all together they
just can't even figure out how to walk I
think peach messes up everything and
marble just gets really like don't crush
me some of what we got going on this
week stockpiling videos recording
podcasts me making vlogs which I'm not
100% sure how the schedules gonna be
when I get to Japan in terms of
uploading I'll do my best but uh you
guys will get some cool stuff from when
were in Japan I am going to become a
sushi snob and I know it cuz everyone
who's ever been to Japan says look if
you think you know sushi now waits to go
to Japan you're gonna hate every other
sushi you try after that and I'm both
looking forward to that and not looking
forward to that can't wait to go it's
gonna be a trip of a lifetime anyway I'm
gonna finish walking these little guys
get him nice and tired and then head
back home eat some food guys I was just
like setting up my camera for two
seconds and I dropped tomorrow's leaf
while I was like on the ground working
on my camera
and I look away and he's like fifteen
yards behind me like he just walked off
of his leash you just walk away you're
not supposed to do that Jenna and I
always say that like the Iggy's are
normally really good outside the house
but inside the house they're kind of
like naughty and it's the other way
around with marble inside the house he's
normally fun but outside the house he's
shifty and you can't really trust him
shifty guy a cute little shifty guy
you
case you guys didn't believe me about
peach what the fuck peach why would you
do that like such a weirdo like we
weren't even gone for that long I just
um
borders you pull a because I can't help
myself
and I have an addiction and the first
step of healing yourself is eating
Chipotle 1 step 1 uh yeah I need some
food started some people like gonna go
into the office now and do a little bit
of work and get some shit done while
these guys get to rest by the fire
because you went on a walk and I you
hyped up still you should be tired like
that and that so guys we're just uh
lounging around the house I'm kind of
getting a couple things done and doing a
thing I was just on Twitter and I've
been addicted for the last few days to a
channel called h3h3 productions now I'm
sure a few of you guys know what I'm
talking about but Chris and chin showed
us this channel and it's basically this
guy named Ethan Klein and his wife Ella
and they make these videos of reacting
to like ridiculous shit on the internet
just some of the stuff that you like
hate and you don't know what to do cuz I
hate it
they make these like incredible reaction
videos I can't even tell you how hard I
was laughing at some of them
he's one of the funniest guys I've ever
watched and they're like such couple
goals anyway they tweeted at us and so I
tweeted back at them and it's just been
one of those moments where it's like you
watch them in Washington they notice you
and you're like holy shit it's really
cool I'm gonna link their channel below
because it's really fucking good it's
some of the most quality YouTube shit
out there that you can watch anyway um
we're probably gonna have a relatively
late night tonight because we're gonna
get a jump start on things later on this
week we're trying to get ahead as much
as we can but it's just it's not easy so
we're gonna put some work in tonight but
I just wanted to mention that because it
was just one of those cool things
yesterday I went out to get the LA Times
because the article with my name in it
isn't it in my picture and stuff I just
realized it's probably been like three
years since I bought like a physical
newspaper so that's cool and also for my
twitch fan who likes watching me stream
on Twitch I want you guys to know that I
actually am in the process right now of
working
getting a new gaming setup as in the new
PC or a PC I've never had a PC for those
of you who do watch the streams you guys
know I've been trying to do a lot more
now because it's just so much fun and
it's just such a cool way to interact
with you guys anyway I'm gonna get back
to some of the stuff and I'll check out
the guys a bit are you guys I'm going
through some of the peel box stuff
letters mostly and a bunch of other
stuff that I picked up today and I
wanted to share this one with you
because it was really cool
all right the letter reads Julianne this
letter comes to you in a series of
bullet points I hope you like the
stickers fuck yeah Julian you're editing
slaves my life take twenty one pilots
reference bro I enjoy your content and
your dogs don't forget about your five
Auto energy I appreciate all your hard
work have an amazing day Phoebe Phoebe
you made my day
she gave me these tickers going to otter
space twenty one pilots you guys I say
this all the time but seriously thank
you for sending us stuff if you guys
want us to write back which I can't
guarantee we'll write back to everyone
right away all the time it's just really
hard it gets crazy but if you do want us
to write back it makes the chances of us
doing so infinitely more so if you
include return postage already addressed
to you and everything but I just want to
get Phoebe a quick shout out because
this letter was dope now I'm gonna go
put this on something
Iggy sitting here waiting for peachy to
finish her business outside I'll open
the door for her to go outside and then
I'll be doing something in the kitchen
and she'll come right back in like Oh am
I missing something like no go potty
and then come back like stop coming back
before you're done but anyway that's
gonna be it for today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it thank you for watching
as always tomorrow is video day I have a
bunch of shit to get done as well as
that which should make it a nice busy
productive day I mean how does someone
finish their business did you actually
go it's the part of the year where she
gets pathetic in the morning and at
night because it's really cold and you
can't handle that no you can't say
goodbye a vlog don't be rude
see you guys later
you
