afraid to live afraid to dock hey guys
what up uh crazy night we saw UFO and I
got it on video and there's a news
channel calling me in case you've been
living under kind of a rock for the
weekend there was a giant UFO type
sighting over Los Angeles and kind of
the whole California coast and even in
Arizona some people were saying they saw
but basically I was on the roof shooting
stuff for the vlog like I was like going
to test out the new camera get some
time-lapses shoot some cool stuff
whatever and we were literally walking
back to the car Jason points at this guy
he is look at that and I was like okay
boom started filming it and I uploaded
it and it like the whole Internet's
watching it right now it was crazy like
Khloe Kardashian tweeted the video so if
you want to watch it on the channel but
crazy night because it was literally
perfect place at the perfect time to
capture that because there's people
posting their cell phone videos from all
over California and everywhere else
and I had my fucking brand new camera it
looks completely clear you can see
everything although I'm getting called
Michael J Fox because apparently I shut
the camera a little bit oh I swear to
god there was it there was a rip there
was a reddit comment that said hey
Michael J Fox can you film this ready
yeah they're savage but it's like on the
front page of Reddit it was crazy but
now we want to start drinking to
celebrate aliens cuz we didn't have a
reason to start drinking before and now
we do so yeah that was our Saturday
night
at least how it started now J train and
I are gonna run to the store and get
some consumable alcoholic beverage
materials materials right uh Jason and
I came to the store to get supplies for
the night I'm still like high up this
right dude it's fucking crazy like that
not even just the fact that my video is
going nuts it's just the fact that we
like saw it in the flesh and it was so
clear and if we saw that they were so
huge it's just crazy because what I was
saying is that Jenna like literally
lives for that kind of stuff and we got
to see it so close that we like for a
moment I actually got scared cuz it was
getting bigger and bigger yeah and it
like you couldn't tell
there was no frame of reference like
where it was headed yeah and also when
it when that circle came out I was
expecting like a sonic boom explosion or
some sound or something but for the
lowest um sort of sound yeah but his
dead silent craziest shit there's me
there's no real it words other than that
is just and we were dragging before like
we did a periscope and we're like tired
and just like and then we saw it what I
got fuck really got all the energy in
the world now yeah so now we have a
reason to really live it up tonight
because what if they were aliens what if
they took us over and tomorrow we were
on different planet
we gotta get drunk tonight yeah and
periscope be like well then cuz then you
be like oh well you know I had a good
night last night this is fine thank you
buddy okay
alright we got all the stuff that hold
up gadreel we're gonna get drunk with
this tonight now we're not gonna get
Gator that's stupid one time I actually
did play beer pong and we were sipping
on vodka Gatorade which is really weird
but it's also like you're hydrating
while you dehydrate it's like running on
a treadmill so it's basically like
getting cardio hey that's great logic
did you hear that right there the
Pentagon says the light was a trident to
d5 missile Tascosa posted Southern
California damn we're on the news
Melissa McBride ABC 7 I get jinx guys I
just want to take a moment really quick
tonight was a whirlwind the way my video
like blew up and everything but I just
want to show you one thing really quick
because I've been I read it for years
and right now go to the reddit app we
are the top post on reddit of the entire
site not just a certain subreddit we're
the top post on reddit right now that is
us right there fucking crazy crazy I was
at the right place at the right time
with my camera his old shooting shit for
the vlog unbeli
it's just there's no words I don't
understand thank you guys all for
tweeting me about it it's like so cool
good morning so this video is still
blowing up right now I woke up before
noon in the video is already at 3
million views which means it's like not
even a full 24 hours in the videos it's
crazy anyway I'm getting hit up a bunch
by news stations who want to use the
video or talk to me about the video so
I'm going to call a cop Hold'em right
now including the LA Times but
apparently the video is literally all
over the world it's one of the craziest
things I've ever experienced the intro
to this vlog was what we were doing on
that roof when we randomly saw the UFO
or ever was like we were on the refuting
the intro to this vlog so yeah I'm gonna
call these news outlets I appreciate you
guys who have like tweeted at me and
told me like where my video is because
otherwise it would be hard for me to
track you but you guys were staying on
the ball so thank you for that also do
you guys want to see my new lock screen
it's a video of UFO so today uh we're
like trying our best to Sunday and be in
our PJs and eat food and play video
games watch TV but Jennifer from CBS LA
is coming to our house right now to do
like a sit-down taped interview with me
say hi before I'll put it on the vlog
fuck it all that's gonna happen I've
never had anything even remotely like
this happened to me so this is crazy as
shit video hit 4 million views in 22
hours so thanks aliens I don't know
right alien studio it was it it was
alien what you think is you're buying
into the Navy but I'm not buying into
that it was a trying to missile but they
say that they use those to deflect
nuclear bombs so that if someone were to
try and bomb Los Angeles they would
shoot one of those off to deflect it
away before it hit the city could then
anything yeah no I know it just induces
it induce panic like people just freaked
out which they kind of said anyway good
work team so
Terri's probably trying to analyze how
we react to something like that you
never know what yeah it could be just a
test we're gonna be on the news you I
I'm not you guys well to me oh geez
my god I almost dropped your sex yeah
I'm weirdly nervous not for the
interview but for the fact that my
makeup and hair guy hasn't shown up yet
oh here she is
this is my makeup and hair guy what kind
of girl Qi Hey hey yes CBS News is here
at our house in our office I'm with
Jennifer who's about an interview me
which is very new for me I'm excited
that at this point this is Sunday night
you've had you said about 4 million yeah
for me it is but it's crazy incredible
they know I don't get that kind of
attention on my channel so that's a lot
of attention probably very exciting yeah
well thank you for coming we're gonna do
an interview now receive yes it's going
up tonight on the news I'm be on the
news hi mom
ok this this looks great goodbye a video
blogger vlogger whatever yeah so let's
start with where were you and what were
you doing at the time and then let's
talk about what you saw and just kind of
tell me the story I'm spending my
Saturday night our roof of a target
because I like to go up to a high place
and starting to get cool shots for the
blogs
the thing is we were shooting the other
direction we were just walking to a car
that's why we saw it because the whole
other time we were facing off like the
other way yeah yeah thank you guys so
that happened I don't fucking know we
just did an interview with CBS and it
was cool and this whole day is just so
weird I'm kidding like cover kinda yeah
she was in the vlog Oh
sometimes you gotta mean the volume here
in my house it's at work she was like
should I call you a video blogger I was
like you just combine those words how do
you things up thank you babe we're gonna
watch me on the news tonight
fuck so we're getting ready to watch the
news it's ten minutes away from the
segment airing this is crazy
let's just fucking let's see this shit
okay let's see it alright so Gav's is
periscoping me right now there is a lot
that the militant military simply does
not have to share the Navy missile that
took over Southern California's night
sky is longer you're watching video
blogger Julian sulamita
the orthography night in Sherman Oaks
his camera captured almost five minutes
of it and home he uploaded the video
which exploded and went on there we are
a day later with over 4 million views
and I'm just like I don't know what I
did I was just out there with my camera
just kind of do a thing a thing is
online fans and alien enthusiasts can't
seem to get enough of yeah yeah
I am finally getting ready to go to bed
right now we're going upstairs and
getting some sleep because we are
exhausted this last 24 hours has been an
insane ride and it's something I'll
never forget everything that happened
just crazy coincidence but also a weird
feeling of validation for being out
there with my camera thank you guys for
watching and for those you who are new
here thanks for joining
I'm excited to have you guys I won't
forget this weekend that's for sure
I'll see you guys later thanks for
watching
