all right well we're back together
didn't you miss us no you didn't miss us
look it is Liggins babyface I think I'm
just gonna draw one on I'll give you a
sharpie and you can throw it on we were
actually we had a plan to do something
today that it's not gonna happen we
wanted to go to a place called hammer
nails which is a salon for men real man
oh this is the place where I got whiskey
and upon calling them they were booked
so we got out and now we're gonna grab
lunch oh you want to go in there
ladies can you show me where the men yep
I'm here to marry you look really looks
really good on you I say weird because I
didn't know you could look good
ever this one is put on the Hat a singer
picks
it's wrong of you but I love did there
yep probably better than you did without
it
my head's very very large like gonna get
my coffee in the morning
pop it on yeah that's just like it
around the house er it's definitely
before after a shower this is like this
is like a casual one so I can go out and
do the yard work I was planning on
wearing a tux
I love the show Westbrook as you saw we
stumbled upon us really really don't
have place they have a lot of like
vintage hats and Western hats and really
kind of fancy looking ass but they also
have these hats
well they I'm gonna get this one and
they also have these really dope it's
like a vintage vintage pants and they
just we're gonna get some hats now and
pins because there's never a time when
you shouldn't buy pins
ever oh we went to get manicures
pedicures but we ended up with hats as
one does as as we always literally never
can follow a plan anyway that's what I
was saying we were talking about this
place called hammer and nails it's a
salon for men I saw it on TV who's on
Shark Tank and I actually heard about it
and I was like hey this could be a cool
thing
a little waffle day like a bonding kind
of really good cut cut
no I wanted it you know Colin and I have
been really busy lately so we haven't
hung out much so we wanted to do that
but they're booked like all day so he
decided to just like audible get some
cool hats and now we're gonna look for
lunch
crisis the market
showed you it again we ordered wait
ready I'm actually not hungry active far
as Colin said when he doesn't get his
mani-pedi he gets angry so we ordered a
feast and he has to finish I saw you now
you have to finish all
but oh shoot he's got some little
goodies my friends over at the North
Face they sent us a last-minute trip
customized bags pretty absolutely go so
we're back from lunch and we came back
to these nice little goodies from our
friends over at the North Face they sent
us customized last-minute trips duffels
and backpacks for our trips because Kara
from the North Face is a dart fam and a
ding fam and really kindly hooked us up
so we're not only excited about these
bags we're excited about seeing our logo
next to the North Faces yes if you just
stalking us at the airports and you
season the carousel don't take them
don't take them I'll fight I'll fight
all of you I don't care for your fan man
woman child your fighter boots no
because then they know how to counter
and that's not how you fight so a real
quick update since we just finished the
photo shoot with the bags Kermit tried
to bike Colin as he left he attacked
clipped the bag Colin was carrying
Kermit has this thing where he doesn't
like anyone leaving he's like if you're
if you're here you better fucking stay
here or else I'm gonna like weirdly
attack whatever you're holding and if
you're Jenna I'll attack you so he
didn't want Colin to leave will you
attack me if I leave you already do I'm
just gonna play like a dog Mangia go be
a real boy I'm feeling really excited
about Sunday by now you'll likely know
we are throwing the dart once again this
Sunday morning and going on the sixth
last minute darted adventure and I'm
just so excited we took a little time
off we were really kind of slammed both
me and Colin with a lot of different
things both life and work and we're back
and neither of us could be happier about
it and it couldn't come at a cooler time
that we received those bags from the
North Face because we legit made a dream
list of brands to work with when we
started this thing and they are on that
list so very cool day good to connect
with Colin this sunday mark your
calendars get ready we're live streaming
in the morning at
like 10 and then we're gonna go now it's
time to do some housework and cleaning
and scrubbing and vacuuming in
humiliating the dogging why don't you
guys do housework do housework sort of a
tradition to get inside the shower all
together and shotgun a beer
it's a classic tradition it started here
a fortnight ago yeah and there's one one
pub G ago it's not weird
come here boy subscribe like a snake
style yo you're gonna be happy if your
snake
guess what he bought what tell me what
you bought what I buy a flaw camera oh
yeah come on oh yeah it's a good camera
the sony alpha camera the best cameras
there are 4:30 and we're chugging beers
next week chris is gonna win as we fight
yo welcome back to C UK the cook yo yo
welcome back to the street
