hey guys good morning
it is a nice fall day right now and I'm
just hanging out at home I got back home
from training earlier a good training
session got my new headband going on
very purple it's a good purple and I'm
waiting for some packages today so it is
a good day
I love waiting for packages I did a tech
video recently of all my gear that I
have and in that video I told you I was
using the Canon 60d for stuff that I
don't use vloggy for I'm getting a new
camera just trying to get the right
equipment down get it together
but today that's coming so I'm very
excited the house is clean because we've
been shooting all over the house so we
force herself to clean it mainly because
Colleen came over and we collab so we
didn't want to have a messy place but
yeah we had like a really efficient
Wednesday night last night hello hello
lady D we were finished and uploaded by
like 10:00 p.m. it was amazing in his
own Jenna had her video and I filmed a
video of all my favorite gluten-free
foods I feel like it was kind of a long
time coming but I made it and I'm happy
I did a lot of you guys were commenting
that I should do like gluten-free beer
reviews I think it's a really good idea
I just need to do some research in terms
of getting some actually good
gluten-free beers I know about three
companies that make beer that I can have
that's actually decent maybe I'll do
that anyway just hang out hydrating and
getting things in order
while I wait by the door like a poppy
I'm not anybody at all that's that's a
little obsessive zetas UPS truck
oh no no fuck you Dale where's my
package I can't believe I'm watching
this for the first time right now but
I'm geeking out right now watching hey
Marie with Angela from the office oh my
god I don't know how she's keeping it
together
I don't know I would have lost my mind I
whatever I'm watching the office to this
which is really trippy because it's like
putting the office in the real world
which I always view the office as a
fantasy world I live in a fantasy world
I was in office quote goodbye alright
unconventional lunch of the week goes to
Julian it is my chicken breast I just
reheated it made a little spicy mayo
like you would get with sushi but I kind
of just made it
because I didn't want the chicken to be
so fucking bland and then my trusty
little gluten-free egg roll that I told
you guys about yesterday I'm gonna go
eat this weirdest fuck meal right now
games so guys I'm going through some of
the peel box stuff and I found this Tori
cross stitched
this picture of me and Jenna it's my
Twitter header it's amazing um and I'm
reading some of the letters you guys are
so sweet thank you for sending letters
thank you for taking the time to write
them I didn't read them I hope you guys
know that oh yeah that one's really dope
fucking cross-stitch about help we're
just hanging out by the fire probably
one of the nicest things about it being
cold is just sitting around in front of
the fire bubble you like to buy it pro
time with marble back at it that's our
view right uh so nice so nice it's so
peaceful it's like really cool though
which we love
still waiting for packages hanging out I
got some stuff down on my computer I had
a couple phone calls with friends that I
haven't talked to in a while but yeah
Jenna's writing her radio show we're
going to record that soon and then I
think we are going to see Chris and chin
tonight so that'll be fun but right now
I'm just getting in some quality time
with the meeble in front of the fire
which is really nice like sitting them
from the fire when it's cool out is one
of my favorite things to do it makes me
feel really festive and full let me know
some of the things that you guys like to
do when it gets cold wherever you are
even if it's probably like legit cold
where you are I also used to like to and
I was a kid when it rained I used to
like to have a bowl of cereal and sit by
the window and just eat it while I
watched the ring it's very similar to
how I feel right now
I think marble likes it I'm really
excited to play with my new camera
though that will be fun oh it looks like
we're being joined by a little lady
hello yeah the fire comes on and all the
dogs show up the package before the
package has come fresh brothers that
amazing pizza place that I partnered up
with for my meetups they make
gluten-free pizza sent me a care package
with a fresh brothers t-shirt it's
really cool just fresh on it because
fresh all right this is what I look and
sound like on the new camera obviously
it's just getting started but I want to
show you what it looks like when I move
around and how I sound
and yeah there's nowhere for me to look
but right at you I don't get to see
myself which I'm fuckin happy about
because this should be me look me in the
lens all the time but yeah I mean what'd
you guys think of this really fucking
pumped
I mean how it sounds looks notes all the
shit I'm not always going to be vlogging
on this I'll use vlog II still but this
is going to be my other toy now
replacing my other camera with this one
and I think it's going to be really good
so leave your comments let me know how
it looks how it feels how you guys like
it should be a lot smoother alright I'm
going to play with it some more now what
peachie when you school no hey
peachy she's genuinely afraid of this
camera come on me cuz it's the brave one
a brave boy said oh my god she's legit
scared of the camera I guess she's used
to me holding like a tiny not
intimidating little item in her face and
this is a lot different because it's a
big rig and you can see she's just so
terrified it's just a camera okay
it's only a camera Meryl I I do feel
kind of bad scaring her like this but
hey you gotta get used to it this is the
new step gonna shake things up sometimes
anyway I'm really fuckin pumped about
this right now I can't wait to make a
whole bunch of really cool shit with
this thing how do we a lot of fun we are
gonna make dinner to 8:45 I think we're
gonna see Chris and Shannon soon I'll
catch up with you guys in a little bit
maybe you get to see that alright so I
came in this room because they're
playing rock band you can't hear me and
they're but all our friends are here and
we're just hanging out having a fun time
which is really great
I showed Shan the camera and she was
like she's a photographer her stuff is
great guys get excited I'm gonna make
some crazy shit with this thing it's got
capabilities that I've never had before
so but wow this is it wait so it's
beautiful can I look back Simon okay so
plan on closing the vlog earlier but a
lot of fun right now I'm where I need to
be and it's oranges fuch like this is
basically Julian yellow and orange for
him let me just give you the rundown
yeah so like so the girls like two hours
ago the girls were like they were drunk
because they had been slowly drinking
the whole night and we had it we like
didn't have stuff to drink and they did
so we realized like we look to each
other like we're not drunk in there
drunk yeah we're ready to go to bed we
were like going to bed
so we're just like let's have a sip of
champagne so now we're here we are
almost 5 a.m.
yeah and we're just joining the
champagne train I think of things when I
went through probably two bottles of
champagne probably yeah
and the girls are doing braiding French
braids ratchet salon is happening over
there raccho salon there's you guys all
right you guys no see Roger salon come
on here's Judith ratchets along with
Shan and champagne champagne sometimes
you just got another damn Genesis how
long is that no I wanna bring your hair
though tight right that's how long
should did my hair braid dang it's not
my finest work but you know what it's
pretty solid it looks like Cu is
experimental alright we're up so you can
see the purpose again the most important
part is good cuz your bangs are in your
face and you guys how do you feel so I
could just do this yeah you're agile
thank you gonna be anything in front of
Mike jawless at least for Jenna's
ranches all right we'll bill you give me
a hit no I like this beanie look I got
call it yeah oh fuck
well done oh right yeah I have it on my
hand but I'm holding the camera itself
several successful oh good alright look
it looks like Jim is gonna braid my
fucking hair real tight so that's what
kind of redo you want I don't want any
braid is that an option guys just so you
know yeah I'm gonna make you guys twins
oh yeah she's really
moreover Bobby right that's probably the
hardest thing about getting your hair
right you never know which way to lean
because I always feel like I'm in the
wrong position and Jenna gets mad but
you know what we should hug and kiss and
then a couple all good oh yeah Jen what
are you doing well Chris is rolling over
the poppers of Bob Russell shipping
shipping oh shit
shipper pub I call all right bubble wrap
is now shipping offers physical okay
bubble wrap is now ship or popper shiver
poppers he's rolling over them with
these little hover hover guy all right
this is going on but over there
Billy good grandpa okay sure oh yeah I
guess so cool I can I can navigate how's
it looking
is it looking fleek his fork girl give a
hair tie yeah I mean yeah hair I would
literally like this is that sort of how
you're supposed to but your hair so
slippery on it my hair slippery all
right guys it's done let me present
myself show us you're here hold on let's
just service a life is so hard
wonderful I love it all right thank you
for putting up with me and my Thursday
night drunk self we got to see our
friends that we don't get to see a lot
and we really needed just to chill out
and we had a good time so I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog I love you guys
and I'll see you guys in the next one
thank you for watching later
