what is up guys I am in hopefully right
now making some stuff out because I'm
going to show you guys all of my
favorites pretty good a lot of you guys
asked me to do this and I have never
done it so I decided I was just coming
here get all the that I like and
I'll show you guys when I get back home
time to pick out all the food
all right so Whole Foods has maybe three
things unlit which means I'm gonna have
to go somewhere else now I'm gonna go to
maybe a couple more grocery stores cause
I just realized that the list consists
of things that I get kind of all over
but Whole Foods was little to no help
today it was a small looks to be fair
but on to the next door sorry I meant
the next pot now and I got this little
hybrid sort of car cause you kind of
like if you don't have to completely
commit to have a car you can have like a
half club and it happens noisy but it
still really noisy all right
let's get our we gotta go to no
store alright so the third store has
three items which is really two items so
I guess I'm gonna try to the fourth row
let's go okay one of the things that I'm
most excited to show you hasn't been in
all four stores I went to tonight and
I'm starting to think that maybe going
to the grocery stores at 9:00 p.m. it's
not the best idea because the inventory
is all gone I feel like that's what's
happening it's just it's also she can
when you see : free they normally have
it
okay I'm gonna keep looking the thing is
there's a lot of like gluten free pizzas
but most of them are these
gluten-free ones are
those are most of those are Sh
really so I found one that I really
write and we can't find it anywhere
because everyone else is enjoying it
I'm really only missing one thing
and it's that mate disease today I'll
show you let's get home and show you all
my food all right
so I have returned from my night
escapades at four different grocery
stores to find you all of my favorite
foods that are gluten free I didn't
mention it earlier for those who are new
I have celiac disease and I cannot eat
gluten I've done a lot of videos where I
show you what I'm cooking or I show you
what I'm eating and I basically brought
my life all the time so you see a lot of
what goes into my diet so I figured I
would condense it all into my favorite
gluten-free foods that otherwise I would
not be able to eat let's let's get
started number one this is oatmeal it's
made by gluten-free dough it's instant
oatmeal and it's really really
good that's about it they have variety
packs like this apple cinnamon brown
sugar maple raisin they're all really
really good for those of you who like
oatmeal in the morning or at night I
won't judge you gluten free to oatmeal
 good ok next we have this
baguette which I bought last night it's
made by against the grain and it's very
tasty the reason I bought it is because
the brand against the grain makes an
incredible gluten-free frozen pizza far
and wide the best one I've ever had
frozen for those of you who want
gluten-free frozen pizza against the
grain I'm telling you it is like so good
and the baguettes taste exactly like the
crust I couldn't find the frozen pizza
tonight four different stores it's the
best gluten-free frozen pieces you can
buy next I've been eating this for years
this is Danny's mac and cheese cream
crates
sort of their version of Easy Mac if you
will comes in this little container
both candies is reliable for gluten-free
stuff just be careful that these boxes
look exactly like the regular ones and
this one has a little marking this is
gluten-free so just note that you really
have to make sure it's gluten-free next
I recently discovered these earlier this
year and I had never experienced
anything like it it is a gluten-free
flour soft tortilla made by mission
which is like a company that does not
specialize in gluten free at all so it
is amazing the texture is really really
good it doesn't break apart that easily
you can make little wraps for yourself
quesadillas burritos whatever you want
this is the best one I've found flour
tortilla style obviously corn tortillas
are all different all right next we have
this company it's called feel-good foods
and that is accurate because it makes
you feel really good right here I have
the vegetable egg rolls
these are microwavable or pan-fry
whatever you want this isn't even my
favorite item of theirs my favorite item
is their dumplings they have frozen
gluten-free dumplings just like the
pizza tonight it was mi a but feel-good
foods makes the best gluten-free frozen
dumplings and they make these awesome
egg rolls which are pretty damn good I
want to eat these now next is a product
again like mission made by a company
that doesn't specialize in gluten-free
its Snyder's of Hanover pretzels they
have a gluten-free version of pretzel
sticks and not only is it gluten free
and really tasty they have a flavor
called honey mustard and onion and it's
 insane
it's off the charts good it's the best
pretzel of every this is incredibly
important a lot of people don't know
that soy sauce contains gluten regular
soy sauce has gluten and I was one of
the weirdest realizations that I had
when I went gluten-free because I would
eat soy sauce thinking oh it's
soy sauce there's nothing in it but
there isn't fat gluten in it so I go to
Sanjay tamari gluten free soy sauce
always make the best soy sauce that I
could have and it's pretty much
available anywhere even some restaurants
will have gluten-free tamari because
gluten free
so bake now Sanjay gluten-free soy sauce
is the best soy sauce this is a frozen
breakfast burrito made by Indies these
are new boobies is great although I
don't love their bread because there's
often big holes in their bread which I
never understand why but these frozen
breakfast burritos are really good there
aren't many frozen breakfast burritos or
breakfast burritos in general that I can
eat they did a good job of making this
easy and I would recommend it last but
absolutely not least is the bread I use
I basically use one type of bread for
sandwiches of whatever I need bread for
and it is Canyon baked house they make
the best texture tasting and overall
just best gluten free bread you can buy
it has a decently sized piece which a
lot of leader breads are really
small this is a relatively decent sized
piece of bread now it's not your regular
gluten filled sourdough giant foot long
piece of bread but it's not bad taste is
amazing I get mountain white because I'm
a basic gluten-free bitch anyway Canyon
big house it keeps really well the best
bread I've ever used
honorable mention these are gluten-free
Tim Tams that I've got given to me by
you guys I'm pretty sure these are only
about one Australia but so are Tim Tams
so yeah that is basically it for all of
my favourite gluten-free foods that I
eat regularly obviously I eat stuff like
rice eggs chicken things that are just
innately gluten free but I wanted to
show you the specialized items that
companies make so that people like
myself can enjoy them again I will link
these companies below so you can check
them out feel free to chime in in the
comments both about which of these is
your favorite if you try them or if I
missiny also let me know if you enjoyed
this video and what you want to see me
show you next of my favorite things I
was thinking about doing something like
a cider tasting basically tasting a
bunch of different cider and reviewing
it or different vodkas or tequila's or
 whatever I would totally do that
if you guys want just let me know get
those comments and thank you guys for
watching I hope you got something out of
this I'm probably going to go eat a fair
amount of all of this food right now
I'll see you guys later
