just one pass the effects yeah and then
I'll catch you all right
miles do it
is a absolutely beautiful day out first
day that's really felt like weather
I'm super happy about it what's up guys
we are making a pit stop really quick at
Starbucks because we're going to go hang
out with Jason together at their house
when all these clouds in the sky though
wow so many clouds anyway it's nice out
it's really fall e we're gonna go get
our first red cup of the season at
Starbucks so it's pretty monumental
moment
yes or adjacent right now we're on the
roof because there's crazy clouds
everywhere and it's just like so fun to
look at so we're all just up here
shooting the shit and drinking our
Starbucks out of a red cup except for
Jason he's drinking is there's a little
bit of red in this red because a little
ring yeah it's festive because it's Red
Bull yeah and I think caps is really
warm and comfortable right now as you
can see in her expression but it's a
nice day out and he's clouds really
funnel again we're just family hang on a
roof let me go NBD
gonna be fuckin D so we're done hanging
on the loose like children now we're
gonna go get lunch like normal humans
we're going to a restaurant to get into
your lunch oh it's not even post mate
it's a real restaurant never done this
alright now we're really going to
restaurant it out and it's a good
restaurant I'm gonna get beer in the
daytime because they have it start
walking on this restaurant right now I
don't think I'd introduce you to my
friend his name is Ollie I got him in
New York he's little owl I actually
showed you him on snapchat but all he's
my new friend he's a veteran backwards
he's my little accessory he's now very
good-looking but then he also tells the
time so if I'm without my iPhone for
some reason which I don't know why I'd
ever be Ollie will help me out with the
time that's all I just want to show you
my friend Ollie fuck you ollie tail this
is gas drink but
I'm gonna steal it now oh no I put my
finger in your wife there you go now I
get to waters you so generous
shake things up this is the gluten-free
beer that I really like that I have here
it's called gluten burg blonde ale it's
really good here's a video of me
drinking it so we had really good lunch
this was a restaurant we've been meaning
to take Jenna to for a while we finally
did and they had like a whole bunch of
vegan stuff so super awesome lunch and
it's still amazing looking out like the
Sun setting on the clouds so it looks
really cool but we're just walking on
the street for some coffee now and then
Jenna and I are gonna head back home
because we are gonna make videos with
Colleen Colleen is coming over and we're
gonna shoot some videos so that's what
we got going on but my belly is full now
we're gonna caffeinate sure what if she
want tickle
peachie keep sticking her nose on it
Hannah like under my entire body that
I'd land on something such a gone hmm
hmm and what is in well if this is that
a Snickers my god Nadi is not for you
she probably put it the heat peach not
for you hey this is not for you can't
help themselves
she can't help herself PG burger
so we just shot some videos kollene
Rachel they came over and we busted
those out really quick and I was fun
that's good time I think that's going on
her channel for collab month but now
we're gonna go get Jenna some soup
that'll ragazzi sauces that gotta get so
we're all out of soup and you know that
that's not okay in this household so we
will be going to get some soup or she'll
just keep making that noise which I'm
not going to be down for us guys we're
making all sorts of soup discoveries
right now and Jenna's pumped about it
you like your soup good soup dance
we just found Jenna some vegan ramen I
don't even know the thing are you pumped
about your beeping rather like sideways
now you're still right there so not
quite a JJ's kitchen but I want to show
you the snack I'm making I found this
faggot made by against the grain bread
which also makes a really good frozen
pizza and I'm running myself a sandwich
with fresh mozzarella heirloom tomatoes
and Turkey brass with a little mayo
that's gonna be my little snack and I'm
excited to try this again because it's
not often you can see gluten-free
baguette so let's get moving on this
all right well it's not exactly fitting
in the bag yet but this will do so we
just had like a great little snack I
made a sandwich whose great had some
soup and we're just chilling watching
some face off just how we do hello there
um what are you guys doing just telling
my friends
oh I don't look good you're always
welcome
hi I think did you get soup draaga so
hey so much soup I'm gonna like pass up
it's all I wanted to die soap is soap
super super super so they love soup is
like look soup laughs love gotta make
sure it's super a full of vibrant those
nice you say hi yeah we had soup like so
much soup we literally took a super run
to the grocery store yeah we're just
hanging out watching them face off and
uh we had a really fun day it's like a
randomly fun Tuesday but yeah we're
gonna turn into you want to say thank
you for watching
as always I also want to say thank you
guys for the incredible response to the
wax figure reveal vlog I want to just
reiterate that every ounce of effort I
put into that was for her was to give
Jenna that experience to relive it and
the way you guys are receiving it is
really nice I appreciate all the love so
thank you I will see you guys tomorrow
for another book and for now I'm just
gonna watch Peach snoop around the
living room like a little sneak not for
you oh you finally said uh-huh good girl
peachy
you wanna say goodbye the blog goodbye
