good morning friends waking up after a
fun festive kind of long weekend and
getting after it I have put an entire
thing of marinating chicken breasts in
the fridge for food this week it's not
exactly an eel prepping I don't exactly
have the self-control to do that for an
entire week but it's gonna provide be a
lot of good protein this week so that's
what I'm doing I'm gonna get caffeinated
yes I am NOT caffeinated and I need to
be I'll probably make some coffee right
now and get myself awake and then go off
to the gym because I've been a lazy
piece of shit all weekend and it didn't
work yeah also today I have to meet with
our old peel box owner to get some of
our own packages some of the ones that
you guys have sent a while ago and
they've just kind of been waiting so I
have to go do that and then see what
else is up for the day but uh should be
a good busy Monday
but first caffeine just just cavity
please there should be something where
like you get a massage but like they
caffeinate you instead I guess that's
just like a coffee shop
hey kaki is done now time to bring it
upstairs for the missus good morning
good morning peach take a pointy bit of
Arc
that's a goon baby you're a goon baby
I'll go downstairs go a little naughty
so I'm on my way to the gym to go do
some lifting do some deadlifts and I
brought with me these these are my
wireless beats and I originally got
those for the podcasts amongst other
things like we wanted to have those for
travel because of the wireless factor we
wanted them for the podcast but now I'm
like bringing them to the gym because I
used to have these flew this guy that's
not a lane that's not a lane I used to
have these wireless Jaybirds I don't
know if you guys heard them but they're
basically workout earbuds that are
bluetooth that you don't have to connect
and it's amazing but then I accidentally
washed them because they were in my
pocket and I washed so here I am
bringing my giant fucking beats to the
gym probably looking like a little bit
of a dick but you gotta do what you
gotta do because sometimes you just need
that music I like the idea of having
little bits of car vlogs in the vlogs
because it's just me and you there's no
distractions except for everyone on the
road and everything around me any time I
like to put a car vlog in a vlog people
always tell me that it's like a Trisha
Paytas vlog which I can only hope for
people to say that
my vlogs fucking love her anyway I'm
gonna go sweat out all this food I ate
this weekend
no I keep saying this like I think I've
said it maybe ten times already but it's
really actually starting to feel like
fall in November it's starting the
feeling starting
so I got a good workout in and now I am
on Ventura Boulevard grabbing some of
the old P o box packages so they're not
lost in space
this is actually one of two pickups of
the day for the old boxes I'm gonna do
another one later
with the old Bo box manager and get all
of it sorted out so all the old packages
will be in my hands after today but had
a good workout and I grabbed this stuff
and then head off you guys ever take old
hotel keys and just do this until they
break because I do that and its really
satisfying that's all
hi buddy
Mike are you excited we went to the gas
station to get some five otter otter
cheese for energy and we brought the
Kermit Kermit how do you feel about
coming with us to the gas station he
seems pretty relaxed about it okay it's
okay it's okay mm-hmm I know mommy went
inside it's okay just stressed
individual hey buddy hey it's okay she's
coming back just like she always does
okay I gotta do the hairstyle
cuz I actually got a new hairstyle BAM
it's a ponytail it's not a real new
hairstyle I tricked you I tricked you a
trick that I tricked you I actually got
a Brazilian Blowout because my hair is
crazy and it's hard to control so I went
and did that earlier it took four
fucking ever
but it went well and now my hair is
listening to me so I can even do this to
it have a new hairstyle and Jenna just
snapchatted me like ten times because
she thinks it looks good yeah gonna cook
some chicken have some dinner and bask
in the glory of my ponytail
here's dinner for like three days all
right guys I'm gonna hop on Twitch I
just had a good dinner and good busy day
done in the books took care of some shit
productive thank you for watching
it's gonna get to this stream now but I
will see you guys later
