hello guys I am back holding you in my
hands I had a nice little break and I
feel really good and I appreciate you
guys supporting me and understanding
okay
did you miss the vlog because I think
the vlog mists you yeah she's been
following me around like this whole last
evening and morning like so much I don't
know I think she just missed me because
we just got back in town but she being
real cute you being real cute so we are
literally just uploading Jenna's video
and it's Thursday afternoon we had some
difficulties with these large files that
we were using because we basically
recorded for like over two hours and it
was just a mess I was up late Jenna was
up all night I went to sleep and she
just finished so now she's moving over
to doing her radio show which is an
absolute grind and she never ever talks
about how hard she works but she
absolutely works so fucking hard so this
is almost over this day and when she
does her radio show she gets to relax a
little bit so that's good right now I am
gonna run out for like an hour
and go play frisbee with Jason sand I
stay out he hit me up so I figured I
would get moving a little bit get out of
the house kind of need that so that's
what I'm gonna go do right now and I
will take you guys along with me I
haven't been to the park to play frisbee
and all wild and I miss it so this
should be fun it's like 78 degrees right
now it's perfect ow you guys know when
you're driving and you're behind someone
and you're just waiting and waiting and
then they finally turn on their triangle
and you're like hey you could have done
that like 10 minutes ago and then we
would all be happy yeah
that's all all right so I get into the
park right now going to park at the park
holy shit what is happening here is
there a carnival oh my god you guys look
at this shit I just got here and there's
literally like a carnival set up like I
don't know if it's done or they're
setting up for this weekend or I have no
idea but this is like this is where we
play frisbee this is not only just an
open grass field what this is crazy I
want to ride that look at all those
stuffed animals you could win fuck I
want all of them is way better than
frisbee look you guys it's not a
merry-go-round it's a merry-go-round and
this is a freaking ferris wheel like oh
there's funnel cakes
those ones that makes you throw up over
there yeah those are good I'd like to
ride that can I rather look at that
stuff how to forget how festive
carnivals are this looks like like a
really good one and it's just set up on
the open field somewhere I want to
cancel frisbee plans now and just do
this yeah it's not open but I still want
to do it but I can't why are there rules
Oh rules you know what my money is on
Jason saying we should ditch for his
beat and just ride these rides let's see
what he gets here really quick while I'm
waiting for Jason to get here I wanted
to say that there was a little confusion
on my part about the wax figure New York
City blog I said was going up it
couldn't go up there were some things I
had to change and
uh it will be up soon you guys will be
seeing it soon most likely on Jenna's
vlog channel or her main channel but it
will be up soon it will be up it was an
absolutely insane experience are going
and witnessing that and seeing that
figure up close
we shot some cool stuff of her so you'll
see that in that video but I've never
been to a wax museum Madame Tussauds Wax
Museum but seeing Jenna as wax like
there's no feeling I can say to describe
it and that's that's just me I mean I
can't even imagine what she feels it's
such an accomplishment so very very cool
weekend very cool experience nothing
like I've ever ever experienced before
but hang tight you'll see that video
you'll see that footage soon it'll
happen just wanted to let you guys know
that I'm so so so proud of her like wax
Baker man really cool really cool I
touched the bot to the wax pot what does
it go is a real one so I bet money to
the camera that when you got here you
would say we could just ditch frisbee
and just renegade going the carnival I
mean I think we should but now I think
we should just incorporate both we
should just do parkour frisbee on the
part I get I call the top of the
Gravitron the gravitram oh my god all
the thing next to it is like by yeah the
thing that makes you throw up really
well do you like lean against it
yeah like suing in here like a human
centrifuge it's good if you want to push
all the liquids and your body to the
dock your body yeah private healthy yeah
it's actually more healthy than frisbee
and diet and exercise so just go get one
of those put it in your house gonna pump
those things up come things up oh shit
oh shit uh got it guys I got it
Jason's fighting the wind right now
valiant wait seriously like no like you
threw one like directly into the wind
and it was a perfect throw and this got
fucking batted down I so I'm back from
the park that was fun except it got a
little too windy so we couldn't play for
that long but I'm just like hanging out
outside right now
Oh getting some air and peachy it's not
listening I keep calling her to come and
she's not coming I don't know why she
doesn't listen
she always finds better things to do and
listen to her daddy the jenna is still
writing her show we're going to record
in just a couple minutes after that I
think what I'm gonna do
is run a twitch stream with Jason so we
spent like hours and hours and hours and
hours constantly trying to figure out a
way to stream on Twitch while also
having both his audio on the mic and my
audio work because that's really hard to
do apparently and we finally figured it
out
so we're going to stream tonight and
hopefully it's going to be dealt if you
guys are interested in watching the
stream I'm going to be doing it a lot
more now it's twitch.tv slash Jana
Julian it's our shared twitch channel
but we're going to do that tonight and
really psyched I'm psyched for the
stream let's go find peach to see what
exactly she's doing that's more
important than listening to me PJ what
are you doing baby girl I was calling
you why don't you listen got better
things to do maybe the cute old lady
there ever was are you the cutest little
eater ever was are you just seeing by
yourself TJ I love you so much guys
there are so many days when I'm just
like feeling stressed or tired or
dealing with a lot of shit and I come
and I find peach just like sitting
around being the cutest old lady just so
sweet
and well can I have four guys let me
know some things that your dogs or pets
do that make you feel so happy you
always like you know a deadiy here
daddy's girl anyway it's evening now and
we are just relaxing I'm gonna start the
twitch stream in a little bit this
weekend is Halloween and we don't have
our costumes yet but I will probably
keep you guys posted on whatever we
figure out it's just been kind of
last-minute with that each you we can be
huh what are you gonna be little lady TG
gonna be something for Halloween you're
gonna be a little turtle again peachy to
little turtle to little turtle oh you
boo why are you yelling in my mouth you
don't boundary peachy have no boundaries
look how big she is guys okay bye okay
she's such a dog quickly before I let
you guys go I wanted to show you what
the twitch streams look like so here is
a little clip of what it looks like when
I stream on Twitch it's a lot of fun
make sure you check it out if you're
into that stuff because I like I said we
were doing it more but that's it for me
thank you guys for watching I hope you
have a wonderful weekend I hope you have
a wonderful Halloween please stay safe
and do not drive drunk or get in a car
that is driven by someone who is drunk
be safe
and thanks again for being understanding
and supportive of me it really means a
lot all right later
you
