hey what's up guys
I am packing right now for a trip and I
kind of just figured I would make a
video showing you all of the gear that I
used for trips and stuff when I plan on
shooting and vlogging on the road so
here's all my camera gear and all my
tech stuff that I pack and then I have
like that I also pack for trips and how
I pack it so the layout that we got
going on here is basically all my text
 I guess we'll start at the top I
got my hard drive right there that I
ended on it's a LaCie hard drive my
Mophie for power sunglasses is not
really txt battery also have other
batteries for cameras but this battery
is for this camera which leads us to
this camera which is a Canon 60d it's a
relatively old camera and I'm bringing a
couple different lens options just to
achieve different shots so that is what
I shoot sometimes with when I vlog you
know what I use I use vlog me right
there I'm shooting this for Jenna's
vlogging but then over here I have this
thing I don't think I've showed you this
before but it's made by Nomad and it it
looks like a carabiner but it's it's
actually more than that it pops out
right here into a USB and the other one
is a lightning cable so you can charge
your phone which works great with the
movi I have so this is really helpful
right here is this is basically an
iPhone mount for a tripod or anything of
the sort
maybe by shoulder pod and you you know
screw it onto a tripod and then it holds
your iPhone and you can adjust with that
which is really nice so if you want to
use your iPhone to shoot you can my
Nintendo 3ds for the plain Apple watch
kml band this is a hydro flask
I'm sure you've heard of it these are
very popular but basically it's a vacuum
sealed canister that can keep water
liquid coffee whatever you want very
very cold for a long time or very very
hot for a long time like I said vacuum
sealed so nothing is getting in here no
temperature no air it's very nice note 5
iPhone
this was given to me by a tech reviewing
friend who had another unit from doing
tech reviews on the note 5 so far I've
been using this for snapchat because it
has a built-in stylus which is great and
then there's my iPhone 6s plus I got my
notebook my trusty pen because I like to
have a physical notebook to write notes
something about that I really feel like
I need to have this is a mini Manfrotto
tripod it's kind of in your pocket which
is nice I got my stylus right here for
snapchat and I got another pen here I'm
making a video on all my tech stuff that
is peach peach brought it here is empty
there so back to this so I always always
always always have a flashlight no
matter where I am you can ask Jenna she
will attest to it this one is made by
Coleman it's relatively cheap so this is
my trusty flashlight lasts really long
time works well always take that this is
my Joby Gorillapod
which is basically a malleable tripod
you can wrap it around railings get
really cool angles on stuff very helpful
so that is basically everything right
here that kind of encompasses everything
I use our tech wise for my blog and for
other stuff like snapchat and stuff but
yeah I mean that's basically on my iPad
I didn't say that but any time I travel
I like to have everything kind of in
order so that when I get to the hotel or
wherever I'm going I'm able to kind of
set up base camp there and of course I
travel with my MacBook Pro Retina late
2013 which is my computer that I edit on
but yeah so I need to pack all this
stuff up in my backpack which is over
there the gray one and then get get
moving because we got to get some sleep
before this trip but I just wanted to
make this kind of its own video because
I wanted to exist I think it'd be cool
to meet a video like this so here's a
video like this for any of you guys who
are curious who have questions about why
I chose different things or what I plan
on doing in terms of getting new year
later on always shoot me questions I'm
always down to answer those types of
questions whether in the comments I'll
address those or on Twitter or whatever
I do plan on getting a new camera soon
and I'll keep you guys posted on when
that happens oh also
last thing that I like to have with me
at all times is this it's a waste pack
or a butt fanny pack whatever you want
to call it it's made by Herschel and
it's a great great thing that I use all
the time it has three different pockets
two mini ones and then a big pocket
right in there and it's just very
helpful I can throw literally I can fit
lenses in here cameras in here batteries
and you throw it over your shoulders or
around their waist it makes traveling
very easy when you're trying to shoot on
the go that is all my tech gear as of
right now I hope you guys enjoyed
learning about what I use for tech I'll
see you guys in the next video or blog
thank you for watching
later
