hey guys so today I wanted to show you
what I have on my iPhone I don't think
I've done that and I have a lot of apps
on my phone that use everyday so I have
the iPhone 6s plus in rose gold right
here and I love it
it's fast as but um yeah I just
want to show you my absent all the sugar
that I use on my iPhone because I'm on
this thing all the time like a lot of
people so here's what's on my phone
alright so on the home screen I got my
core four down here phone messages
Twitter and mailbox I guess I'll start
on the mailbox mailbox is one of my
favorite mail clients it really really
really makes everything easy I wasn't a
big fan of the the Gmail client or the
stock mail app on the iPhone I just
didn't like how it worked and I found
mailbox actually I found it on desktop
first but I got it on my iPhone and I
loved it
messages right here Twitter I just used
the stock Twitter app right here just
easy I enjoy it this is where I see what
you guys tweet at me and my messages and
home to eat all that stuff I use a
browser called dolphin although I'm not
a hundred percent huge on it I've been
meaning to switch to Safari or something
else it's okay it's just not my favorite
I switched to it because it was kind of
customizable but turns out I'm just not
a huge fan Instagram right there
snapchat I got alien blue for reddit
right there it's a probably the best
reddit client you can get ways music
right there although mostly streamed
through Pandora
we got Facebook get money bitch
that's my folder with all my money apps
so like my bank PayPal mint this is a
cool like finance app but yeah anyway
Amazon right here I'm basically on
nothing all the time nest it's like a
home security thing system we have so
that's good same with ADT so I got both
of those app store
Hoover all this youtubes up here
periscopes up here you guys don't know
what that is
it's like a page we got oh this is a
cool new map I found its called parcel
basically parcel is an app that allows
you to track your packages and like you
basically can name your packages all you
got to do is enter the tracking number
and it will track everything for you
we'll give you notifications it's really
great I love that since I'm always
ordering
instacart it's an awesome app as well
it's how we order our groceries you log
onto instacart you basically choose the
store you want this is Gelson's but now
it's Whole Foods and you can look you
can browse through items or you can just
type in your list and then choose a time
and it's very very easy vines right here
posts mates delivery service for food
Starbucks I recently got my gold card so
that's chill all my photography apps are
here these are basically the stuff that
I used to edit photos even though I only
use like one or two of them but I have
them I don't know pocket jars image your
app creator studio for YouTube stuff and
yeah fiber haven't used that in a while
SoundCloud is really great obviously
yahoo sports for my sporting needs and
my score updates
j-train texted me audible great app
right there you guys know about that I
downloaded this app and I haven't used
it yet but apparently you can kind of
monitor your network at home and learn
and change a bunch of different settings
that you wouldn't normally be able to do
I haven't set it up yet though I heard
it's great and I got it on sale so
that's cool Dropbox hyperlapse you guys
know what that is Capital One for
finances actually this needs to be in
get money bitch so thank you guys for
helping me with that over here we got
twitch app it's cool shopping stuff
travel it's like Expedia and Airlines
 in there this app right here is
called Canon CW camera window and
basically if I take a picture or video
on vlog I can drop it right to my phone
through that app which is really awesome
Yelp dictionary Pinterest I use
Pinterest almost a hundred percent for
recipes because they have a lot of
gluten-free recipes as well as being in
Virgina lots of Pinterest is there for
that some of my games Altos adventure
still there osmosis fun jet car stunts
to which is this game is really fun
magic piano which is so stupid I play it
and I know I Jenna too which is really
fun
yeah entertainment this is basically
 I don't really use too much I don't
know if you guys have folders on your
phone where you just don't use it but
actions just more games up here yeah
fieldrunners too and goat simulator and
then podcast for all the podcasts that I
listen to so that is basically
everything on my iPhone figured you guys
would enjoy this Kate a little kick out
of it I hope you enjoyed learning about
my iPhone and all the apps that I use
all day long every day thanks for
watching I'll see you guys later
