lately I haven't had time for sleeping
and I won't give it that what's going on
friends I'm up early well that's super
early I guess in general but I was up in
that late I went to bed around 4 o'clock
the reason for that is we rock band
yesterday I'm on mostly begin but I feel
good honestly like sometimes if I have
to get low sleep because I'm up late or
whatever and needing to be somewhere in
the morning i weirdly feel like more
awake and alert when I wake up so I feel
good right now caffeinate myself and I'm
on my way over to meet Jason and Arnold
for a workout so that's what we're gonna
be doing we're lifting the heavy things
having some fun another beautiful day
another beautiful night where it was
nice and cool life is good
I'm mr. junior are you gonna word out of
this there you can work out with us you
don't need a word out you can jump like
eight feet there yeah hey Barry tell you
what to put in that shake yeah
Barry's got the good stuff what about
Junior junior is just like a brute he's
like the guard dog Jun you remember me
yeah you do Doug yeah do you do you like
me I've like a I'm like junior whisperer
yeah it's true don't like junior like he
he really likes guys like I think what
you guys in Josh like he's willing to
like yeah exhale down I said you have he
has an archenemy though yeah I was
waking up a protein shake and I'm
hanging out with the junior juniors a
lot like Marvel because he's alpha so he
protects everyone in the house he
doesn't like nails but I cracked the
code
parts of Trina and I just finished the
workout with Arnold I was fun oh boy I
liked Arnold's workout yeah
kids are happy yeah definitely I'm not
gonna be able if my shoulders tomorrow
so yeah I don't know how I'm bogging
right now the cameras is floating yeah
okay how you gonna blog and I get to
hang out with my son jr. I'll pick you
up soon son invisibie huh it's hot and
I'm wearing black so I just Julian turn
around what I just hugged Julian I go by
this open look at his shirt like fell
apart and the washer I think I like had
my hand and they open yeah no I think
it's from like washing it oh my god it
looks very stylist it takes a zoo
selection hey Jenna why don't you get it
in focus to look like I just did to me
wait I did do this this morning a bunch
of times I don't think that's a problem
the probably busted it open with my
jacked muscles don't stop it so
apparently my shirts broken so there's
that there is also us making Joe's video
is Wednesday so you're shooting a video
we were doing mildly annoy your dogs
part three which I feel like is so long
overdue we hadn't honestly thought of
doing a part three and then just the
other day we were mildly annoying our
dogs but we realized we hadn't done that
with peach yet and she adds such a great
element to that series of videos so
we're doing how to mildly annoying dogs
part three we're compiling a list of
really funny shit right now and then
we're gonna start shooting apparently I
need a new shirt so fuck speaking of
shirt had an idea that I was gonna do
like a workout clothing haul or video
showing off the workout clothing I
prefer and workout gear that I prefer to
use on my second Channel just Julie
because I haven't put a video up on
there in a while and uh I think that
would be a fun video if you guys like
that idea let me know and I'll execute
that but for now I need to change cuz
sure I'm convinced I honestly busted out
of it in today's workout because we did
flies use a lot of chess so it's like
that movement or stretch it probably
just muscles you know fuck you Dale hey
here's doing we're gonna annoy the shit
out of you today yeah it's gonna be kind
of like every other day coming you want
to get it out and wait hey that was rude
as fuck don't hit my camera that was so
rude peach just slap vlog e right on the
lens
peachy go what was that you know it's
got a rat just yell my name and I looked
outside and Kermit was sprinting across
the lawn chasing a rat hey come on did
you try to kill a rat thank you for
protecting us thank you buddy
heard you guys watched Jenna's videos
when she was hit Boston still but her me
used to kill rats like crazy he was like
a complete rat hunter he's got that just
like killer instinct marvelous you go
yellow you should've seen Kermit was
like dating him out of the umbrella over
there on the ground and marbles just
standing back yeah yeah yeah probably
you're such a stud dude now back to
making dinner guys for dinner I'm making
this ridiculous creation we're basically
a chicken breast but inside of it
there's provolone cheese and turkey
bacon and then I'm gonna season the
outside wrap it up and throw it in the
oven for a little while but that's my
dinner as well as some of yesterday's
soup because I love that soup protein
and soup baby
but yeah sometimes you're gonna spice up
the chicken breasts you know opens up
huh so this is how my chicken experiment
turned out it looks really good honestly
and smells really good cooked in the
oven for a while I'm gonna sit down and
enjoy
that a little bit of cider for dinner
and some office this is a pretty good
dinner right here we are finished with
the video and I'm gonna sit down and
edit right now
Jenna's editing I think at some point in
the next few weeks I might just take a
little bit of a break I'm not gonna stop
blogging entirely I might just do a few
days less that week or something like
that I'm just I'm feeling a little bit
overworked right now and uh as much as I
absolutely love doing this and making
vlogs all the time and shooting and
editing and all that stuff it's great
but I want to make sure that I'm happy
also and I'm happy a lot of the time
while I do it but I do get stressed and
it's important I think to recognize when
you can take care of yourself a little
more than you are at the moment so just
want to give you guys a heads up if a
week comes in the near future that I
need to take a couple days off or
something like that hope you can
understand I really appreciate you guys
watching it all the support it's a lot
it's good but it's a lot tomorrow's the
last vlog of the week that's exciting
tomorrow's Friday that's even more
exciting shit Fridays are great this
weekend
we will probably have like a little bit
of a weekend because we have a trip to
prepare for so we'll have a couple days
and then we go to New York I'm excited
for that it should be fun anyway I'll
see you guys tomorrow
for the last part of the week really
appreciate you guys thank you so much
for always watching and hanging out with
me and allowing me to share my life with
you have a great day
I'll see you guys tomorrow peace
