ding-ding just watch the Star Wars
trailer hey guys I'm bright and early
today for a nice training session but as
I eat breakfast and woke my body up had
to check out that trailer hadn't watched
it I know what I'm doing on December
18th so that's exciting looks fucking
epic but after my workout I am going to
grab lunch with my momma um we're gonna
grab some sushi goes without saying I
feel like yep a nice day you know last
night was one of the first nights in the
longest time like I want to say like
seven eight months that we open the
window what we slept and it was too cold
in the room and it felt so good I don't
know if you guys enjoy that but like
when it's cold and you can really really
just bundle up it is the best kind after
like so many months of just heat in heat
and heat and warm nights felt amazing so
even though I only got like five and
half hours of sleep I feel pretty good
not to say I won't get tired later we
probably have a little bit of a nap or
something but it's good night sleep got
to snuggle up that's good
oftens workout and then go to see mama
ah hi like four hours later fucking I
brought my vlog camera left it in the
car and did a whole bunch of shit
without blogging but I guess sometimes
that's how it goes because I was really
really busy I'm not workout I met my mom
forgot she had a great lunch and then I
went over to our new P o box which is
all set up now the address is right here
so I will also put it in the description
and I will try to change as many video
descriptions to the new address so you
guys don't get confused with the old
address but we have a new peel loss
because the old one closed down if you
would send stuff to the o box that will
be forwarded to the new one so don't
worry
I had quail eggs for lunch i snapchatted
it I would have logged it if I
remembered the fucking camera but I
guess I'll have to wait for another
quail like vlog when I taught my record
with 40mpg grow good lady anyway
busy day got a bunch of stuff to do
stuff but hi
my camera what is it what are you doing
it today he knows it too
for that fuck thank you went to the
store with my life lesson crying gets
you places PG PG up so you have seen
Kermit in clothes before like he freezes
up he gets really weird and offered not
that he isn't awkward to start with but
peach never-- didn't she would always
run around she would be happy just like
marbles when they put clothes on and
lately she's doing the Kermit we put a
onesie on her the other day and she just
froze up it was and then Kermit was
running around it's like they're
switching personalities what the fuck is
going on fucking deal that's what's
going on how do you sit like that
wish I could say like that you know I
was watching Jeana Jesse walk a while
ago and Jesse can do that in Gina camp
it has to be like you have to be
genetically predisposed to be able to
have that ankle flexion I used to be
like weightlifting all the time like I
haven't waited in a while but you need
that you need this this is perfect trap
and I could never do it
look at that fucking never did a proper
snatch with a bar on her life yet you
can fucking do it perfectly Bella Leone
gymnast you have to have very flexible
inhale yeah but Jesse wasn't a gymnast
and he can do it perfectly with the hell
yeah somebody's cheating here put him in
a shirt
waiting for delivery of groceries bobble
you in a shirt my bollock appreciates he
does he gets more excited he starts he's
gonna he like struts around when we put
up insurance because he's like yes you
got more confidence you got more
confidence huh buddy okay now watch
peach is gonna be weird girl feel sure
cuz she's so really yeah
is she signing A to Z we were talking
yes a really peaches body is not an
Italian Greyhound body she's so big like
a weird
she's just an amorphous blob oh my god
teacher busting out of that
we gotta get her some different clothes
get that neck look at the front babe
look at the front but look she's doing
the freeze thing I mean by can find a
bigger shirt for you we could all that
body she likes food just like their
daddy marble legs
you don't just step on him he is
feelings too right marble you have
feelings buddy yeah she makes messes
everywhere
she's like a professional newspaper PG
PG girl are you wearing a shirt
peachy you wanna wear the Oh BJ did you
come easy did you come I'm saying come
come please never used to mind shirts
yeah she's developing this Kerman habit
for sure peachie
she looks whipped come on she says fuck
you guys she hates it why you hate it
huh alright later peach okay bye bye
scoping thank goals are you going little
bird oh my god it's here oh my god it's
fucking been sitting there we didn't
know kind of that that that what are
these why do we get such small egg
buttons I like the one big one
whoa we connect a cheese weekend's
always one song and cheesy and cheese 14
we had to do some more vegan changes
kitchen we can do a random fucking beer
insider are you thinking about just
Kermit stuff what a better time to do a
gingers kitchen the time that is now I'm
gonna make some vegan manners dropped
out so the first ingredients one in a
quarter cup celery one and a half cups
white onions we just eyeballed it and
you can throw these in a slope
right now let's just would be the
equivalent of like you can feel we just
got one big ham I've diced tomatoes nice
meals big can 28 out 28 ounces you've
two tablespoons of tomato paste that's a
1 tablespoon 4 cups of vegetable stock
and 2 cups of water
come on oh hey quick thing oh so Jenna
is gonna make some vegan pesto to go
with this right okay so now we add four
to five plugs garlic which on janja's
kitchen is however the fuck much garlic
you want
how many sermons do you add to the
recipe just whole yep first we're making
a vegan Parmesan and then I'm going to
add the pesto ingredients to it so then
they can have a little cup of cashews I
didn't do it fucking live so
oh so it's party puff I'm sorry I just
don't give a fuck you know like yeast is
so good so if you did have a food
processor this was making it like a
vegan Parmesan we only need a quarter
cup of this which means I'm going to
fucking save as you need it or try it
delicious
both of these recipes are from our
website called little spice jar cuba
will link it below so then when you add
to this next so to that quarter cup of
vegan Parmesan you can add extra virgin
olive oil quarter cup of pine nuts a cup
of sun-dried tomatoes three cloves of
garlic inch of red pepper flakes 1/2 a
teaspoon salt and black pepper cup of
basil leaves that it alright now we try
our spearmint we're going to try and
blend them up it turns on backbone
this goes in
I would use it concentrated tomato
flavor
the recipe calls for farmers are
left extra parmesan in here so that
means
flavor hmm sounds really good take a
quarter cup yeah of this pesto mix put
in gosh salut the soup smells so good
we'll save this so we can use it for
their accent yeah we're so good on
crackers yeah that's awesome
okay so I'm just gonna throw a little
salt on pepper in there and then we're
gonna you can cook on low price six to
eight but we're gonna cook on high for 3
to 4 because I'm hungry alright guys so
we're gonna throw this in the slow
cooker for three to four hours and
Jenna's gonna come back and we're gonna
finish the recipe so I'll see you guys
in three or four hours this is literally
the best pesto it's so easy to make it
really good
pesto party really alright so it is
three hours later and now we are
continuing with this recipe yeah
tovahleh so this has been smelling the
kitchen up so nicely like it smells so
good some great northern beans a can
so you just drain them first the best
she can get on my patient so a can of
great northern beans and a can of kidney
beans
alright so our diced up a cup and a half
of zucchini that's going in yeah and
what's Jenna putting in mmm
one and a half cups of special Janet
Julian just really pasta after we're
gonna put in the season schyster this
what's great is that you don't have to
cook the pasta separate it'll cook in
here the joys of slow cooking shake
things up let this cook for 25 minutes
25 minutes Jenna's gonna put on timer
cuz I don't want to
alright go a bit over here - so we have
cups of spinach I already put the green
beans in there because they were frozen
alright trol chilies in full troll mode
alright stop all right soap is kind of
done except somebody
and please o it in focus but Julian is
and sleep somebody fell asleep well I'm
just gonna eat some myself
umm I'll show you it looks like wow so
the pasta did kind of fall apart and we
did like let it sit for a little while
longer because the carrots just we're
not getting on the team and cooking I
made myself a big giant bowl of it and
I'm gonna put some this extra parmesan
and I'm gonna eat some leftover pesto
with it it's gonna be Rolly quad I'm
tasting it a little slice it season it
but you go already
mmm girl ouch work it mmm it definitely
could simmer for a while longer to be a
little better but I'm like can hungry so
who the fuck cares
mommy I'm going to put some Parmesan
cheese on it that I made in a blender
because cheese that's not real like
alright I'm gonna go eat dinner with my
sleeping boyfriend Oh put JJ's kitchen
let me see pie but yep you're a quick
boy maybe I'll give you a trea - yes oh
this is I love you but one eat dinner
with me yeah he always wanted dinner
with mommy you can eat dinner with me -
honey are you guys ready
alright let's go happy J&J kitchens
alright your Wii U Wii bye guys I fell
asleep was really tired I told you I'm
gonna take a nap and I did but the soup
was wonderful successful JJ's kitchen
thank you guys for watching the vlog
love you and I will see you tomorrow for
the next block later
you
