hey Morgie
hey guys it's re night yesterday took a
day off we are getting started for the
night j-train is here calves ears more
people are coming we didn't festive but
I want to show you something very cool
we bought this little contraption that
makes these special ice cubes or ice
spheres I should say this is what they
look like or high-class gentleman with
these so that is an ice cube except in
spherical form right marble anyway so
this is what we're gonna do I wanted to
find vloggy
just sorta to show you guys this cool
thing because it's a little things in
life the spherical ice Monica finally
off on her song I'm wearing the same
shirt I wore yesterday cuz I slept in it
like night time the next night time and
I made a Bloody Mary
cuz it's Sunday and it's really good
tastes great maybe the fucking recipe so
calm down but this was just on it's
bacon grilled cheese it was on top of
the bloody and there was a dog on it
this might be one of my better buddies
because you can put food on a bunny all
you want when you put something that
complements the flavor of the bloody
that's when you're getting somewhere
don't know she's jealous so we got no
cab just said she's jealous louder yeah
anyway I'm just gonna keep doing
whatever the fuck you want to call what
I'm doing Sunday you said she's Josie
them out I show one now I'm playing
Mario Party and recovering sort of at
this game called
choices voice where basically you have
to imitate like the voice so this is how
it works you listen you have to imitate
Wow
and then we listen to everybody fucking
wind I'm not gonna blog any games she's
saying she was jealous again about the
Bloody Mary you know hi why'd you just
order from post page we ordered ten
large fries from post mates and they
keep canceling because they think we're
trolling why would we ever be thought to
be trolls
alright let's win again because I'm
basically winning everything tonight
okay it's not a make after sex that's
how Jenna records she goes in her
blanket okay alright the rule this round
if you have to say anything
but what they're actually saying
good morning I am awake feeling good
it's Monday morning and I've gotten a
lot done in the past couple hours I woke
up around ten how many of you had
caffeine just hydrating him feel good so
I really kind of got off sleeping track
this weekend so it feels good to kind of
have gotten sleep and then also woke up
in a normal time doing some laundry just
cleaning out my closet and I started a
slow cooker recipe I am working with
some chicken in there that's very
descriptive you'll probably see this
later when I eat it to my face so I'm
preparing some chicken for later I will
be going to the gym soon probably as
soon as I switch my laundry I'm gonna
head to the gym yeah just getting a nice
start to the day I had a fun weekend we
are preparing for a trip coming up very
soon to New York to go to Madame
Tussauds to see the wax figure reveal
which is going to be so exciting I can't
fucking wait for that it's gonna be a
good busy week I just want to get on
here say what's up to you guys sometimes
if you feel like you don't want a cavity
just hydrate the shit out of it and then
you'll feel good hydrating does wonders
are you hydrated peach
oh she's hydrated yeah you walk to
yourself way too much okay bye it was
fun while it lasted you like that song
yeah I have no privacy are you gonna
come up here you're just gonna like lay
down that like a creep oh good nimble
you didn't you're headed
yeah it's dawn gone to the gym it's evil
food still trucking along you know what
is right Pete you know how I teach what
if I just got your face tattooed on my
face like this so like your face was
always on my face because I think we
look pretty good one
it's for my face like this okay oh no
you mess it up the tip - okay
I'm hope I'm the Jim I just did a nice
little periscope in the car that was fun
thank you guys for hanging out in
carousel oh and somebody threw up
somebody threw up I just heard her cough
it was probably just like spit up from
eating
speaking of throw-up you want to see
what I'm eating for lunch it's this it
is garlic creamy chicken which is
basically just chicken breast and
chicken broth a little bit of sour cream
and a bunch of garlic and so that'll be
good and I'm gonna put it over rice so
that's awesome and I'm cooking rice on a
stovetop pot because both rice cookers
that we bought broke they were both like
$15 and they both broke so I guess
that's what we get for buying cheap rice
cookers anyway I'm gonna kill this food
right now and then I have to run a
couple of errands out in the world so
I'm gonna go do that no eat the food
though I need the food first cuz who
doesn't have nothing happens right John
like right away it's just it's a slow
but fast death five minutes really quick
I just want to show you how I prepare my
rice I'm a huge fan of sushi and sushi
rice in turn because it just has a
really good taste to it so what I do is
I buy sushi rice ha and when I'm done
cooking it I put rice vinegar in it and
mix it around just a little splash of it
and then I take a mix of salt and sugar
just a little pinch of each and throw it
in there mix it around because it really
gives it the tangy sweetness of like
sushi rice someone who hates sushi even
likes my sushi rice right each other
because it's good sushi rice is good
yeah so I am out running some errands
right now finishing a couple things up
and beautiful sunset over there and I'm
gonna head home in a sec but I just
wanted to say thank you guys for
watching the vlog this weekend was fun
we had a good time
you know these weekends sometimes I
really need to just poke loggy way for
my own brain and Santa
so that's kind of why these Tuesday
vlogs are a bit scrambled and pieced
together but anyway I appreciate you
guys watching
also take note there is a new URL for
this channel it's youtube.com slash J
solo now the other URL the fighting solo
still works but I just created a new one
for simplicity I was saying this on
periscope but if you're watching and
someone's like who's that weird out with
long hair youtube.com slash a solo so
it's that easy I will see you guys
tomorrow for the next vlog
go get some like that now it's time to
go get mine so go do that
