hey guys my name is pre caffeinated
Julien haven't seen you in a while I'm
just saying you're having some breakfast
right now what am I having for breakfast
oh I'll show you
gluten free oatmeal with some almond
butter mixed in cold with almond milk
and some gluten-free Cheerios now you're
probably seeing yourself what the fuck
is in that ball and why is it in there
into the doubters probably just shy cold
oatmeal is really good I like it and
almond butter is also really good and I
also like it and Cheerios are gluten
free now even though the Cheerios
accidentally made a lot of the gluten
free tutors not actually limb free
anyway enough about that the Cheerios
the focus should be on the oatmeal
oatmeal baby the breakfast of people who
eat oatmeal all right I got a little
caffeine in me feeling good sitting
around in my chair I'm gonna go to the
gym to lift weights
once I get dressed which somehow seems
to be a task for me lately because I
just sit around in shorts and no shoes
and kind of whatever and then I realized
I have to get dressed to go out into the
real world
all right guys so I was just going to go
to the gym like I hopped in my car and I
was like all right I'm gonna Jenelle and
I realized it was like 1,500 and there's
traffic and you know what today's arms
and shoulders so I'm just gonna do it at
home so I literally turned around and I
went back home so I'm back in a home
right now I'm about to do a workout I
want to show you what came in the mail
first of all it says congratulation Oh
would you look at that it is my official
license to be a basic bitch it's my
Starbucks gold card so I found out when
Keaton was here last how like basically
to get a gold card you have to just use
the app a bunch of times so I did that
and I would get to the point where I was
buying like three things that are buy it
separately even though it's probably
like the biggest thing to do and now I'm
a proud owner of a Starbucks gold card
so I hate myself
oh good yawn we just recorded Jenna's
radio show so we are done with that and
P she's being absolutely adorable aren't
you
she just follows me around the whole
house it's just really like makes me
feel good that she's got an allegiance
to her daddy good girl so honestly I'm
pretty exhausted yesterday we were up
early late doing the video then after we
finished Jason and gabs came over well
because they were in the video but also
just to hang out we kind of chilled out
and had like a night
after a bunch of works I think we're
going to lay low and just have like TV
marathon because we have a bunch of TV
to catch up on which should be nice
honestly because you ever watched shows
and like are we gonna have two weeks so
we're gonna do that or some food and I'm
just gonna be hanging with this low lane
I'm a little lady
weathers honestly a little crazy though
because from the moment I went outside
this morning it felt like it was gonna
rain but it hasn't but there's still
tons of clouds in the sky we're gonna
worsen food watch the VIPRE watch all
the other shows and show up you hear
that
what's wrong sounds like there's a
squirrel or bird or something coming
down chilly he sounds pretty close just
wanting him to come down well it could
take a long time but we have one in our
chimney and I was telling my mom when I
was a kid also they could hear it my
little squirrel they're like three days
or something it does nothing we can do
that was kind of weird earlier we heard
something and it sounded like an animal
fell through the chimney and was kind of
stuck but it went away but we had dinner
we watched SVU and survivor and we have
a couple more shows to get done because
this is important resting time that we
need to watch TV otherwise our brains
don't work you guys know that hopefully
the animal or whatever it was is okay
food is really yummy and I ordered so
much of it that I didn't finish strong
so good job Hey Dude what little lady
little aim you properly mmm
it is so sweet oh there's another one
where did you go so we just finished
watching American Horror Story we feel
really weird it's a little too much this
season I'm not gonna lie but then we
decided we were going to go on a little
night adventure so I think that's what
we're going to do you're going to get in
the car and go to the cupcake ATM that's
right an ATM that sells cupcakes and we
may or may not surprise our friends by
bringing them some but we're gonna go to
the cupcake ATM hopefully they'll have
the gluten-free and vegan ones which a
special squad needs probably well but
Wow
ha ha ha do i purchase elevators and
escalators and I said general what's it
going to be Bader's or skaters skaters
it is play where's other skater
oh it's over here skaters are hard to
find we try to just find our cupcakes
and we had the target a really big
we think we found it guys 24-hour
cupcake access we gotta wait across lot
of Greenwood yes oh do the vegan no but
they have room frame and a donkey give
me them no I want my cupcakes is a real
million right no one did look American
Horror Story
this is the American Horror Story angle
oh fuck yeah yeah
boom
Jason thinks we're at home we're gonna
bring him cupcakes I'm fuckin got you
I'm gonna eat my special cupcake now Oh
God mmm those are good yeah look at that
one cookie huh whoa scared me
we got you guys something Kermit breathe
bro freeze hey breathe he's like
prioritizing kissing and hugging you
before breathing what he's not all that
stress we were gone for like an hour bro
because shit was gonna take an hour and
yeah we got you we got you something and
we got you something
we got you something so good using look
okay so Kermit only drinks and eats once
we get home it's the weirdest thing like
he who didn't water again he's too
stressed while we're gone so as soon as
you walk in he's just chugs water she's
gonna dump your drink oh my god
it's pretty weird a while ago we made a
video called Kermit traps where we kept
trapping Kermit and we used these
cupcakes amongst other food to get him
to fall for these traps
we got them more doggy cupcake that's
what we're looking at right now you guys
want some cupcakes he has love doggy
cupcakes yeah
doggy cupcakes you wanna go to that
cupcake Zoo maybe Peachy illegal hey she
could eat like that okay PG she's just
dropped it on the floor all right
goodbye
criminy running coke a good boy no she's
she's little okay she just came back in
the room and she dropped the entire
cupcake she's such an opportunist gimme
yeah you need a broken up is that what's
going on yeah you know weird uh-huh
get a whole cupcake cuz you're so big
you guys enjoying them it's not good
it's not a cupcake
that's good to not explore it is safe it
up peachy
that's a mess and you left a bone
marbles love these cupcakes because he
loves cars
he doesn't know what else everything
hard he loves carbs
Genet couldn't get a cupcake cuz the
vending machine was out of vegan ones so
she's having some cookies
oh good cookie you deserve the world Oh
guys we're back from our little night
adventure it was fun but now we are
gonna turn in for the night Friday get
ready for the weekend
no I'm saying but thank you guys for
watching the vlog thank you for watching
all of vlogs this week I love y'all and
I'll see you on Tuesday for the next
vlog in the meantime see you guys on
snapchat you know how it is on the
weekends or basically all the time or
whenever we want thanks for watching
I'll see you guys later
you
