hey what's up guys I am on my way home
right now from the gym stopping to get
some gas quick Joe it's kind of a cooler
day today it's really nice out like
light breezy good sunshine days video
day should be pretty busy at home so
gonna get home
get coffee I talked about how hungry and
every moment of every blonde hope you're
okay with that we'd like no food in the
house I'll either have to make the
decision to go shop for groceries or
order some food or get Chipotle or
something like that but I haven't eaten
since I work out and that's not good so
I need to eat
okay tree life so we are recording
Jenna's video we're shooting another
true life Jen is addicted to elder
scrolls this is about as much fun as the
first one we did and just about as real
a good time and we're actually shooting
each other because I'm in it as well but
right now she's getting naked in front
of a fountain and after straw so we can
get that shot that's what we're doing we
have a couple more scenes and shots to
pick up before we finish and then we
might include Jason and gabs in the
video if they're willing and that works
out but we're honestly ahead of schedule
right now so we're doing pretty good
let's check out what Jack's oh my
Jenna that is not for us I was
inappropriate on so many levels
guys can you tell this is acting or
real-life because I can't okay I'll get
the camera all right we got a shoot guys
okay I'm oh my oh my god I'm with
fucking diarrhea we are trying to shoot
this scene so I'm so sweet dancing naked
I fell in and I could find my 13 year
old husband on elder scrolls and like
there's actually people that just like
said hello and they're hanging out right
in front of me right now
oh my god guys are creeps I just
couldn't believe like it couldn't be
more perfect timing wrong like yeah I
just like I met Derek by the phone he'll
just look seeing who's perfect I need
clothes so of all the weeks and months
that we've had this motherfucker in our
house doing nothing but taking up space
and scaring people he's finally coming
into use because I was having to fill
jeanna in a conversation she was having
with my character but she needed an
eyeline like to look at someone for the
right shot and he played like me as I
was filming so thanks though psyches
creep you finally helped out and there's
light in here because we're filming the
final scene in here I got it set up over
there with the light in the camera this
is the scene where Jenna confronts me
it's ridiculous
this is fun though man I love shooting
stuff like this because we get to get
creative and make it look cinematic and
you know really try to imitate the style
of like reality TV and make it all
dramatic but we're rocking this setup
right here make pretend router that I'm
unplugging but it's going really well
and I roma Sun so we're going to keep
plugging on so I haven't had much time
to really vlog so much because we've
been so busy with this video but I
wanted to show you something real quick
because i snapchatted this like a few
weeks ago I think during Jenna's avocado
video when we shoot stuff on certain
lenses and certain cameras we shoot them
with a very low contrast setting so if
you're looking at them on the camera or
directly off of the camera it doesn't
look that great but you need to
calibrate it and you need to do some
post-production and you guys got a kick
out of the snapchat where I showed the
before and after of the color grading so
I figured I would show you guys in the
vlog a little bit of that too so this is
what the raw file looks like of Jenna
we're doing confessionals right here so
it's supposed to look like a true-life
confessional where she's talking to
camera but this is what it looks like
right out of the camera which is a 50
millimeter lens 1.8 and so it lets a
decent amount of light in for this
camera but it still looks kind of bland
and once I'm done color grading this is
what it looks like so you can clearly
tell that it's right now it's correct
like her red hair is red the backgrounds
proper and this is before after for
after so that's kind of part of what
goes into editing when we shoot with the
c100 and certain lenses but i thought
i'd show you guys that because it's sort
of interesting and we still need to
fucking get a curtain for this office
but with vlog vlog is made so I can just
shoot an upload certain cameras are made
preserving things when you're using a
cinema style camera like c100 you're
going to need to do post-production
where else on this camera you don't need
that but yeah we've been going for
I want to say like five hours now
shooting and editing but we're
definitely making progress it's good and
I think Jason calves are actually going
to come over later and be in the video
so that'll be fun
also do you guys like my new necklace I
already show you guys so we are getting
there with this video we ordered some
food and I'm gonna get back to editing
now ah
Jenna said that I should flog myself
right now because I'm playing a little
harmonica so I'm gonna let you do that
so happy just let me play your song
what's happening hey is it you see his
chin Jim Joe's chin why does his chin
dear has anyone in the comments told he
was not but is it like him trying to
understand it or something and then he
attacks me okay um well that's it for
the vodka I'm like loopy from editing
all day
shooting all day Jason Gesser here
they're in the guys are here that's like
saying the Sun came up today
actually actually fam shut up
she pooped in the house today no Gina
the funny thing is her tails still
wagging she doesn't know how many fun of
her mmm yeah you're a bad girl
well anyway um we still have some
editing left to do believe it or not and
what time is it is like midnight
oh shit fuck well okay a lot of shit to
do but it's okay because fuck cares will
you ever sleep where I sleep I'm usually
up like way later than I no see your
home bar like that thank you for
watching my book consumer cuz that's
bugged me tickly don't take on my knee
pit
don't take my knee pit what what what
does he do he's moving in on me oh shut
it
alright guys if you're bored and you
haven't annoyed your girlfriend enough
just by mini harmonica put it around
your neck or your your dog's mouth move
what is this shindig Oh what is the
weirdest thing I've ever seen everyone
say buying a bar see you guys tomorrow
thanks watching please
Oh
over the midnight
you
