I feel like this is kind of an
appropriate color for me to start the
vlog in what's up guys I just got home
from a solid solid training session and
I'm all fuckin sweaty but you guys
remember how I said I was testing out
the new iPhone to do a review with my
friend Keaton I was just using his test
iPhone well not anymore
I got my real one today I ordered it
like two weeks ago and it said I was
gonna come here at the end of November
and it's October 13th right for you it's
the 14th but anyway came way fucking
faster yeah I thought it would which is
exciting so I'm trying to pair this and
like restore my backup have it already
because at 2:30 we were leaving the
house I'm going with Jenna because she
told me she wanted me to go with her but
she's shooting something for YouTube
today which should be fun
but yeah it's Tuesday but it feels like
Monday and it's Wednesday for you I said
that exact same thing last week that's
so fucking weird I'm good in cabinetry
though I got cafe this morning did you
get caffeinated
let's get caffeinated someone at the
Meetup told me that I wasn't saying
let's get caffeinated anymore and I need
to bring that back because it's
important because if there's anything we
know about caffeine it's good because
deal doesn't do the fucking Dale my face
is all fucking red from training I need
a shower and Jenna's in the shower so
I'm waiting anyway I hope your mornings
going well teaches mornings in the wall
she's eating a lot of food doing her
little peach thing so I'm cleaned up
changed and I'm gonna have some food now
but we're leaving in just about an hour
so gonna eat and get ready to get a move
on do you guys like the new addition to
the kitchen BAM
it's October and it's roughly 90 degrees
so that's cool hopefully we don't have
to spend Christmas sweating our butts
off cuz no one wants to split their
butts off anytime especially Christmas
this week I have a couple packages
coming this is literally what I do all
day just oh okay five minutes later
rinse and repeat because I'm amania can
I obsess but yea I'm getting a couple
goodies this week both for the vlogs and
some other random things happen to order
this week so I'm literally pacing back
and forth in front of the front door I
don't know if you guys did that I wanted
to let you guys know there's been a
complication with our peel box
something is going on with the business
that the peel box runs out of and we're
figuring it all out don't worry we're
gonna have it all sorted but what's
likely gonna happen is there's going to
be a new P o box address so if you're
planning on sending something right now
maybe hold off like a week or two so we
can figure it out but this is stuff
completely out of our hands so yeah okay
so we just got to this thing I just want
to say cuz I'm like still kind of like
trying to catch my breath but if you
were like a person who drives other
people for a living
whether you're an uber taxi private
driver whatever it is no matter what
please don't ever drive like tailgating
people and insanely fast even if you're
late or even if you fucked up because it
always just like is the worst for the
customers experience and I'm just like
I've had it so many times where an uber
or drivers picking us up and they're
just tailgating everyone my stomach's in
knots and I'm just like so unnecessary
so just PSA don't make me throw up in
the back of your car so here's what's
going to happen I realize when we got
here the thing that Jenna's shooting is
not coming out for a couple months so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
make it a separate vlog and have it
packed all together ready for you when
it does come out so you won't get to see
specific shots of it you'll see that in
the vlog when it does come out because
YouTube has asked me to wait so I will
wait this is it
from hede the shoot today ah-hum we're
all the way out even further in the
valley it's somehow even hotter but we
should be in and out of here relatively
quick and then get back home so I will
see you guys when we're done here
but then you guys will see this in a
couple months we're back home and yeah
it was a good day a long shoot didn't
really think it was going to be that far
away so the drive out there and back it
was a lot but it went well obviously
Jenna killed it and I can't
to see that vloggers can be dope
December 9th is one never walk comes out
- you will see that then I'll work on it
now get it all ready for you but this
little lady missed me and something I
can tell you about the shoot today
is that I met a whippet named Lola and
she is like so cute
whippets to me are just awesome sized
version of a 10-grand
I love Italian Grands they're perfect
that's why I would if I ever had to get
another dog I think it would have to be
a Wimpy like they're so majestic and
they're not quite as overwhelmingly
sized as a regular greyhound but they're
just a little bit bigger than you and
her name is Lola and she was this alway
with it and she was so cute and I played
with her I was like playing fetch with
her and she's like freakishly fast so I
mean honestly I'm speaking like if I
were to get another dog if we were to
add another dog to the pack I wouldn't
put it past us that we would get a whip
it because jenna loves whippets and i am
so in love with whippets we saw a
whippet at the mall like a couple months
ago and i still remember it because i
just every time I see them I just I
don't know what it is I think it's the
fact that they're such a cool size but
they're also the same dog genetically
and personality-wise than the ones we
have it's like literally a medium sized
dog so that was a one of the highlights
of today really nice making a new
whippet friend but we're back settling
in just turn off the coffee pot that was
from this morning probably should turn
that out failure we are gonna go get
dinner you're going to the drive-thru
because it was a long day we don't
really eat that much and I've been
craving drive-through since last night
so we're gonna go get back oh wow that
was such a static jump you're in like
every single block like you just put
yourself in everything cuz you're so
cute you know it worth the drive through
right now Hayley just ordered
and some gluten-free and Jenna is vegan
our orders at places like you know
drive-through restaurants are very
interesting but we find ways to like
make it work there are ways I could eat
at certain restaurants completely
gluten-free and bridgetta same way with
vegan so it just takes a little more
research but in the end it's worth it
because I don't die and she feels the
way she's supposed to feel and not tired
and said we need some food knowing the
ground is food that were nominated to
the face while the dogs watch we left
for like maybe seven minutes but anytime
we leave for a long time and then we
leave again shortly after they hate it
because it's mean it's taunting them hi
buddy
no need to cry don't worry buddy it's
okay
mother communi all right it's marvel
time in Nevada so mom what tax did you
accomplish while we were gone well I bar
and then that's about it
dress kisses you guys ready to watch us
eat food in front of you are you ready
to look at the food reading it's fucked
up peachy are you excited hey you like
your brother huh what did peace just do
to my mom come and and put it square on
a space as hard as like hey bro
you like that cat who eats the other
cat's face he is keeping him look at her
hands oh my god
ten minutes in the Netflix and chill
exactly
you like brother titty yeah he's gonna
get mad at you he's getting mad look
Mobile you are you sister
Carmen are you gonna join us Iggy buddy
no night sighs mmm got my hot girlfriend
playing video games
damn damn well Jenn is in a dungeon
right now which means she's in an
intense online mission with other people
in elderscrolls so I won't bother her
too much but I wanted to sit next to him
she's pretty anyway
like the highest
group so there's a lot of pressure
you're basically saying this is hard
because I'm the best one around so I
like if everybody dies it's totally with
the babysitter good babysitting on video
games that's it for the vlog thank you
guys for watching and I do want to
reiterate that when the vlog that I shot
today comes out it's going to be good
I'm going to put a lot of time knew it's
going to be fun I wish I could have
shared with you today but I'll share
with you guys in December so for now
you'll just have to deal with the vlogs
about the dogs my peach vlogs about the
dogs but I love you guys thanks for
watching now see you tomorrow for the
next block cool
