peachie I gotta go I got a go are you
gonna say bye to me good yeah oh that's
so wonderful thank you oh all right that
was short-lived going to the meetup guys
go to the meetup going when you have
them go to meet up wake up in the
morning feeling like I need caffeine got
my glasses some other door gonna hug my
internet friends that is my original
song everyone alright I'm gonna go now
my friend
check
those guys over there they make it
possible for us brothers to dogs and
they brought all the program
Gillian over here one who's killing
and yeah
thank you guys all for coming this is
really fun so we finished the meeting
greet my lovely lovely otters with me
Brett's in front of us it was so amazing
they came out Jenna stood there with me
the whole time it is just it was a great
time everyone was happy everyone was
eating pizza and thank you so much the
fresh brothers in the c-axis foundation
Debbie your boy will be doing more of
these because there's just so much fun
but we're gonna go home now and see the
dogs so I just wanted to say really
quickly that getting to talk to you guys
when I meet you and having conversations
and hearing about your life good and bad
it fills me up so much and I want you
guys to know that I appreciate how
genuine you are when you meet me one
person that I met today came all the way
from Boston Boston her name is Carrie
and not only does she come from Boston
but she gave us these these Japanese
hoodies the cat ones the ones that have
a pouch for an animal she gave us each
one the generosity is crazy off the
chart
thank you Carrie and thank you everyone
who brings gifts I mean I don't
understand why you guys bring gifts why
are you giving me stuff but thank you we
have all these all these things look an
amazing artist threw that for me the mix
of me and mock it's both beautiful and
terrifying look at this
shout out to dropping beats old school
me and Jenna video like these are the
things that mean so much to us
you guys got peach a toy like thank you
now peach has a place to sit and I'm not
even fucking kidding two seconds after I
put her this she farted and it just went
right up into my face so pretty cool
peach pretty fucking cool
you look really cute I'm like I've been
seeing these on the internet for so long
everyone sends me the link to them once
you just gave them Bella this is too
sweet juice oh yeah
Kermit was here jealous croquettes oh
yeah he gets jealous if you won't let me
get up let's just walk around with these
- yeah oh wow Oh Marvel that's so nice
yeah so no the little kids you got a kid
ah he pokes out that ha ha yes she's
been farted up - yeah here you can
tighten this we're going to the place
that these were invented Tokyo nice and
tight so you can fart and have it makes
it with you not me ok Kermit curry you
got let me get you bud
that's like wait a minute I was just
enough get you thank you
these things are amazing we've been
honestly like wanting these forever
mmm good for you
he like follows me around everywhere
just so that he can get in my shirt like
the funniest is when I'm not wearing a
shirt I'm not wearing a shirt he just
digs it my stomach can't get inside my
ha look at him he's like am back in my
natural hair it's hand oh my god turn
that's a key pouch
eggy God oh oh hey look it oh you got a
pheasant way too much probably you want
to come in here - or is your brother too
much eggy pouch a key match it's pretty
bad they're probably pushing the weight
limit yeah yeah they're fat okay enough
trees for tonight Carmen has this
expression on his face like finally I
like like about time I've been waiting
for this I deserve this all I ever want
to do this is the only place in it it's
in perfect inch lock he is so deep in
perfecting Schlag right now he probably
just also put his face like and he'll
figure it out you're gone yeah we show
you like you guys look so cute together
peaches she's so she's like dragging
this whole thing do you happy yeah yeah
she was like excited and like running
around
I put her in this and she's just like
girl he's so good I want to but we don't
have any dogs will have to go to a cat
cafe okay I'll put my sushi oh yeah
truth you know like what if you didn't
have a dog will you just put your stuff
in there like it's a fake hair built-in
here are than what I know
love it okay but are you finally happy
creamy Sammy's finally happy boy so
exciting and cool you want to get drunk
in these yeah let's get drunk
are you happy but look so me hands we're
City Wow
hottest album 2015 did you find a toy
did you find a toy hey excuse me that
was yours but I didn't give it to you
yet you just went and got it he's doing
alright I'll see you later so we are
going to have relaxed movie chill night
we're gonna hang out watch the movies
have some drinks and just chill out for
the night tomorrow some friends are
coming over to have a little bit of a
Sunday Funday if you will
peachie is really interested in this
part of the vlog she's way too big for
this but she loves it so I don't even
care I'll see you guys when it's light
out and our friends are here alright
sure good morning I wanted to show you
guys what I'm doing first thing one of
my lovely friends at the meetup came all
the way from Australia and brought me
some Australian coffee beans you guys
know how I feel about that I'm gonna
make some random I just gave you a bone
and then you ran outside and came back
without it and you're looking at me like
I need to give you something else
why just eat the bone guys let's get
caffeinated oh my god it's just like so
much better
Australian coffee beans it's just smooth
bold tasteful fucking Australian coffee
man dammit you straddling the couch
right now so what's happening
like I mean that which comfortable just
like are you a dog or what are you doing
can she close the vlog for me so goofy
alright PG didn't feel like closing the
bar for me but how we're gonna start
Sunday now and have a good time but I
want to say thank you guys for watching
I will see you guys tomorrow for the
next block later
