yo guys happy Friday
I'm on the way to the store right now to
get some laundry detergent because
apparently I don't know how to do
laundry
I have accidentally had a red shirt you
know laundry load with a white piece not
Spink so I know in order to fix that I
need to go get detergent and also some
bleach so that's what I'm doing on this
fine day
we had like a couple days of really nice
normal cool weather and and now we're
back in the valley heat for some reason
I don't know it's hot as fuck man but
it's all good I had a solid workout this
morning once I get home I'll probably
eat some lunch and then we're gonna
record Jenna's radio show we just found
out today that we're gonna be going to
Japan for YouTube FanFest in November
which is absolutely insane damn fest is
always amazing but I mean Japan is just
it's a place that I would never have
ever ever ever thought I would have gone
and yet YouTube FanFest is making that
possible for Jenna and I'm going with
her which is amazing so if you guys live
in Japan I am gonna hug you come
November so that should be really fun
can't fucking wait for that vlog that'll
be a lot of fun to make exciting news so
that's great also excited for this
weekend's Meetup but for now I need to
just somehow fix this item of clothing
that I have totally destroyed so
hopefully I can do that so we just
watched the first episode of American
Horror Story hotel and fuck don't eat
your meal while you watch that show it
was intense it was good it was really
good I feel like they're fucking
creative as shit style it's always
something to watch I love that shit it
was just a big gory maybe like to too
many sliced necks for episode 1 but
everything else was great Gaga killed it
and I'm eating a candy that's also a
whistle it's from Australia it's weird
put it in your mouth to whistle and then
you put it in your mouth to eat it and
then you look like you're weird both
times are you in a chewing spree today
she's been chewing all my stuff guys
like so much stuff naughty naughty
I want to eat it but it's so much fun to
blow the whistle guys what should I do
comment below if I should eat this or
just blow the whistle
although by the time you have commented
can I help you I will have already
probably made my decision
excuse you alright third option is PD -
peach you want the third option don't
she go that was mean
anyway we said dinner not advised while
you're watching American oratory we may
get a podcast out later tomorrow which
is Friday we are having Jasmine Thompson
on the podcast which is gonna go up on
Monday so that's fucking dope his shit
cuz we love her but for now we're just
chilling so let's go outside
oh it's beautiful outside only it was
like 30 degrees cooler the Sun is down
and it's like dusk it's still like 85
degrees
cool Valley cool thought we all agreed
that summer was over that's a big bird
what the fuck is that I'm gonna whistle
at it I don't think he likes that yo
bounce I don't think I'm mistaken in
saying
Kermit hasn't been in the vlog lately
because he's been doing Kermit stuff but
I just found him and I wanted to put him
but then there is he carting his brother
hi Scott you ran away what
well if you didn't hear that genocide
peach chew her underwear all the help he
chews on a fucking chillings for you man
fucking peach man fucking peach this
room is hot so I'm gonna leave now but
we are in a podcast to get ahead because
well what because Tokyo that's exactly
right I was just gonna say that we are
now on a different schedule than we
would have been had we not agreed to go
to Tokyo next month so we're planning
videos podcasts vlogs all the shit to do
a little bit ahead of time so that when
our trip comes we don't lose our mind we
can be about as relaxed as that which is
the goal for everything right we are
going to be saying probably around a
week ahead for the podcasts and then for
Jenna's videos we are gonna work on
getting some done ahead of time I'm not
saying right now but I'm saying closer
to November mid-november to be exact so
like I said Jasmine Thompson is coming
over tomorrow to be our guest on the
podcast and that's going to be this
week's podcast but we're gonna record
one tonight to go up next week so we are
a week ahead it's just gonna help us
start to move things forward because
once we get on that plane we really need
to have things done early we're moving
at 200% right now which is awesome
because I love when there's some sort of
event or trip or you know something that
we can look forward to that would
encourage us to work harder to get
things done faster guys don't even get
me started I am gonna like it's
literally start thinking right now about
how dope the Japan blog is gonna be I'm
gonna do my best to like take it in with
my eyes but I'm gonna shoot some cool
shit it'll be a lot of fucking fun
before Japan we're also taking a trip to
New York at the end of this month for
Madame Tussauds which will be another
dope blog and hopefully I'll get to see
Jesse and Jeana from frankerz prank
because I think you're gonna be in New
York so I'll talk to Jesse I really want
to shoot something with him because
we've been talking about it forever
and we somehow I've never done it anyway
yeah all really good exciting stuff
Kermit is on board with most of it
except for the part where we have to
leave him he doesn't like that mm-hmm
fuck you Dale so before each podcast I
have to go through whatever advertiser
we have
week is the sponsor and the whole week
leading up we're communicating with
these brands to hear what they want us
to say and stuff like that and mold it
to how we want to say it and I just
wanted to show you guys basically
talking points for the brand but what I
wanted to say is that like every week
when I do this and I familiarize myself
with the brand and what they want to be
conveyed in the podcast it reminds me of
college when I used to have to do this
every single week I was part of the
student news team because I was a
television and broadcast journalism
major and every week whether we were
anchoring in studio or we were on the
field like out somewhere in the world
reporting which I love the most that was
my favorite going out places and doing
live shots and so like that we
differently arise herself with all of
what we needed to say I don't know as
much as I feel like I've kind of veered
off that traditional news path that
little bit did really kind of help me
you know I apply it kind of every week
which is cool but anyway that's all I
just wanted to share that with you
because it's uh it's my life which is
why I make vlogs so you can see my life
okay this is way too close we were just
podcasting in look what Petey found do
you like your little bone peachy this is
what you chew okay not daddy stuff this
is a good girl you very cute anyway we
just had a great podcast I'm not gonna
tell you what it's about because you
will find out when it comes out I don't
want to spoil it but it was a really fun
one we had a good time with it guys if
you ever work with cameras regularly
you'll understand my frustration when
you do it so much that sometimes you
forget the very simple things that
you're supposed to do like hit record
but twice on this blog I have had clips
not recorded right one of them I think
was the cameras fault it like turned it
into a weird corrupted file for no
reason which let me describe the clip
for you since I somehow can't convert it
I was walking out of the grocery store
in the morning and I was like hey guys I
was just looking at the edits that you
made of me and in jeta's video wearing
the stocking and I was dying laughing it
was really funny that was the clip the
next one literally I was just pulling it
in and it and it turns out I had
recorded the three seconds after I was
done so when I hit record to stop
recording I enact
they can't record to start recording
because somehow I don't know how to use
a camera but I guess that goes with kind
of using camera equipment all the time
rarely do I have a day where I don't
pick up the camera so it's just kind of
funny I thought I'd let you know that
there are a couple of clips that you
were supposed to see that you didn't but
they weren't that interesting it wasn't
was just me talking I mean that's
nothing new right page anyway thank you
guys for watching thank you guys for
watching this entire week of vlogs you
guys are awesome you're killing it I
will see you guys on Tuesday for the
next vlog there's gonna be some sweet
fucking boards coming up guys so get
your bodies ready it's gonna be awesome
I'm excited about tonight excited about
this weekend I hope you guys have a
wonderful weekend and I can't wait to
see those of you who are coming to see
me tomorrow all right
peachy say goodbye to double-up go by
wrong later guys
