it's nighttime I was busy all day I
didn't vlog so I'm picking the camera up
now but we are in full effect for
Wednesday sexual Wednesday video night
so we're getting going with that right
now
but I want to pick you guys up and say
hello because they don't forget about
you even though peach probably did
because she's just she's on Peach time
honestly
but today's been good I had a nice
workout and we had some food and prepped
for the video and we have some more
prepping to do but we are going to get
to shooting soon and we're doing a
challenge kind of video today for Jenna
so we're doing not just one challenge of
doing a match of challenges one of which
it's bean boozled and I'm like kind of
terrified because I saw a bunch of them
but namely Jesse and Jeana do it and it
just looks so disgusting so I'm really
really not looking forward to that I'm
not looking forward to it I'm not
looking forward to it
Dale created that challenge fuck you
Dale guys check this out we went to the
candy store to get the bean boozled
thing and this looks like an icy but
it's really it's candy spray so I guess
you spray in your mouth and it's just
liquid but right yeah it's literally
just liquid sugar with flavoring but
it's so cool because you get to just
like spray it's so much more fun that
way
Spray candy I'm hungry for candy have
you guys are go ahead frozen grapes
these are not frozen but I used to
freeze grapes and then have most like a
dessert and is so good there are many
great flavored ice cream pops put their
crepes
anyway right now I figured I would do
something on the vlog that's a little
different than I normally do because
normally you see my entire day I'm not
shooting a bunch of stuff talk to me
throughout the whole day but considering
I just have been slammed all day and I
didn't get to vlog I figured I would do
something a little different for for
this vlog and that is I wanted to talk
about my experience meeting Kylie Jenner
as a lot of you know Jenna did a video
shoot with Kylie Jenner for Kylie's app
about a week and a half ago I'm not
mistaken I had said in the vlog that day
that we were doing something that I
couldn't
you about a lot of you got mad at me but
that was what we were doing we were
going to Kylie's house so Jenna could
shoot with Kylie Jenner this is Kylie
Jenner no I don't just have pictures of
Kylie Jenner floating around we're using
that for Jenna's video today I'm not a
total weirdo but I wanted to talk to you
guys because I wasn't allowed to vlog
the experience they were very strict
with what I couldn't couldn't vlog and
basically that meant I couldn't vlog
anything and I couldn't even have my
phone out doing things because they
didn't want anything shot that wasn't
shot by them that makes sense which I
understand although I was a little
disappointed cuz I wanted to talk
vlogger but basically jenna was invited
by Kylie to come to her house and shoot
this video with Kermit and Kylie's
Italian Greyhounds she has three now for
her app and it was a lot of fun um Jenna
did a couple like dress ups with their
dogs together they talked they hung out
I did this little vlog thing sitting
down and uh I want to say first and
foremost no matter what you think about
Kylie Jenner she was a very very nice
person and sweet and welcoming she chose
to have us in her house which she didn't
have to do she was very sweet to us when
we got there and throughout the entire
thing with Jenna myself Rome was there
she was sweet to all of us but I really
had no idea what to expect going into
this it overall was very positive if I
would have blogged you guys would have
seen a lot of Jenna and Kylie together
both sitting on the couch doing their
vlog and interacting before and after
and a lot of dog wrangling the part
about me not being in the blog as much
as I wanted to vlog I completely
understood that and honestly I was
surprised that we got to go to her house
and shoot I thought she would want to do
it off site or something but it wasn't
your typical YouTube collab if you will
when two youtubers meet up and make a
video together just because Kylie isn't
a youtuber this isn't even going on
YouTube it was on her app Kylie didn't
have the cadence of a youtuber her
demeanor was different it was just
kindly Jenner kind of being herself I do
want to say I know she's not watching
this but thank you to Kylie Jenner and
her people for both inviting Jenna to be
a part of her app and reaching out I do
want to reiterate that um she was really
nice guys so no matter what you think of
her and you can have your opinion
not going to tell you not to think what
you want to think about Kylie Jenner or
her family she was very nice her three
of those dogs that were very sweet she's
got Norman Bambi and Sophie who are all
Italian Greyhounds and Sophie was
literally the age that peach was when I
got her so she was little baby running
around so cute it was really cool to see
Kermit next to them but um yeah that was
my experience meeting Kylie Jenner at
Kylie Jenner's house anyway I wanted to
give you that I wanted to share with you
because I hadn't addressed that yet I
hadn't talked about it we were gonna
start shooting Jenna's video soon so I
will vlog a little bit after this and
when we're doing that but I wanted the
main part of the vlog today to be this
experience because it was a cool
experience and um it was something that
I had no idea I would ever be in the
middle of but I was so in this shocking
footage is gonna make that awesome we
just did a challenge match up which is
Jenna's video over this range when we
finished on was the stalking tug-of-war
race thing and I won one and I literally
logged it because we were blogging each
hit like ourselves because we couldn't
have a cameraman so we just blogged it
it was really funny yeah I thought it
was really funny good job good job my
help sorry that I 100 yeah we did bean
bean boozled I told you guys we got that
how so disgusting I eat barf high-five
ie barf and skunk who in their fucking
right mind created that thing Dale did
fuck you Dale it was good
so we you're going to sit down and do
some editing now I was just looking
through the comments of today's vlog and
a couple of you asking who are coming to
the Meetup you need to print anything
out or bring anything no just bring some
ID make sure you have an ID on you so
when you're on the list you just show up
at 1:30 and I'll see you guys I'm really
excited you guys filled that shit up in
like a couple hours which is impressive
and for those who didn't get to sign up
I'll be doing more of these but yeah
like I said we're gonna sit down and do
some editing right now check out my new
little necklace it's a little mini
harmonica my buddy Josh elk in synthetic
now I have some man jewelry to wear mini
harmonica and it works too I think well
it works if you know how to play the
harmonica otherwise it just makes noise
I'm gonna check that with you guys
before I close the blog in a little bit
have some are you doing Lily not
interested we are doing the finishing
edits right now on this video and I
gotta be up early for work out so I
wanted to let you guys go say thank you
guys for watching the vlog do that and
I'm really excited for Saturday to meet
you guys that'll be fun maybe a good
time and there will be pizza that is the
most important thing make sure you check
out Jenna's challenge video we did it
with a lot of fun otherwise I'll see you
guys tomorrow for the last Morgan a week
all right later
they keep telling me to make something
different I'm stuck in this riddle I
can't even listen I cut my legs off now
girl I ain't even trigger all the girls
getting lifted because its life as you
dig it is getting out of control
see a dominant disc
