good morning guys back at home it feels
pretty good to be back at home back into
the swing of things so that's good
workout number one of the days finished
and I came home to find this in the mail
this is my new camp condit shirt for
those of you our MMA fans super psyched
about it because it's a six shirt and
Carlos Condit rules we're still kind of
packing from our little trip this
weekend but it's nothing too much the
house is pretty much in order because we
left it nice and clean which is awesome
so thank you pass Julian you're a good
guy well hello there but I'm gonna go
eat some food right now and then then
Jenna and I are going to go to the gym
together and do some weightlifting so
that should be fun feel good even though
it's a Tuesday it feels like a Monday
and it's a Wednesday for you so that's
pretty fucked it's a different day for
everyone it's finally really like
starting to cool off I think it's safe
to say that we survived our first summer
out here over the hill where it's a lot
hotter last night I was able to open a
window instead of you know need to a/c
or whatever else I would normally have
to do and that's really nice it was like
a cool breeze going on all good
ahh gonna eat some food hang out with my
little lady who's a killer yeah you're a
killer the face of a killer
we just finished a workout and now I am
at sporting goods store to pick up
something Jenna wanted some ankle
weights so we're doing that but it was
good workout a real Monday style workout
I felt the day that I missed because I
missed a day
so really fun to fight this good cuz I'm
glad I went and I'm feeling good we're
gonna go home and some lunch as I can't
find the club section oh there it's
where the hats where the hats I don't
see any hats oh there's
start recognition way she jean-luc
Picard did a walk and Troy speed ahead
etcetera Star Trek The Next Generation
we're going to gamestop right now
because Jason told us that DS games are
compatible with our 3d s's which is
opened a whole new world for me to play
DS games and ever have a life again by
that's right so we're gonna go look in
find some games you're gonna get more oh
yeah I called ahead so I have them put
aside the Mario 64 games they said play
all the time when I was a kid the only
other game that I liked my brother likes
like Goldeneye and all that but the
other game that I liked was called
chameleon twist so if anyone can find
that for fds would lock apply it
although I doubt it exists because I
don't think it did well on the intended
to see for it we're going to do that
game stop GameStop baltimore baltimore
guys this whole weekend was just like
non-stop office quotes because jason and
gaps watch the office so Jenna was just
constantly left out of the job ya know I
kept saying things like me I'm so hungry
oh you guys wouldn't get it's an office
cuz I never get to make office jokes and
people understand it I make them I just
don't have people understand that you
sorry about me yeah
so we worked out today how's that work
it was good my arms are tired in
particular my armpits and then we did
bike sprints and wanted to kill
ourselves yeah my bike was an earthquake
bike and it was never stable
oh it's all weird we're gonna go be
gamers now yeah I brought my D acidly ok
so there's three powerful guys what are
you doing in like 10 minutes gonna get
I'm the Sun yes I am I am the shine look
at me I'm the Sun not about the Sun if
you guys are on vision come the game's
up right now
the one near right now be there not
while you're watching right now
no guys check it out not even holding
the camera I wanted to tell you that the
meetup for this Saturday
is happening and we have a location the
location is it is called moonlight
roller way it's gonna be a 1:30 this
Saturday I'm going to link in the
description where you sign up it's going
to be capped at a hundred people it's
free to illustrate there's going to be
free gluten-free pizza from fresh
brothers because they are amazing and
they're going to be providing all the
pizza for everyone so 1:30 on Saturday
I'll give you guys more details later in
the blog but I just wanna let you know
moonlight ruler way this new mount I got
is been magnetic so you have to put a
magnet on your phone or or vloggy
and Jenna doesn't have a magnet her so
she just put it up this way so I can't
even see it Jenna okay let's just tilt
it down a little bit
we're back to the GameStop and I think
Jenna is having some fun this means I
don't have any time with her anymore
because mr. 3ds is hogging all of it
what is this is Mario 64 oh man with the
licking on the side creepy
looks like I might need to find some
friends because I lost my best one I
just kidding I've already played it when
i was younger i'm just excited to play
it I know but it's good time you can't
remember you came home from work and I
was playing King's Quest 5 on the
computer oh my god there's this ancient
game she was playing one time when I got
home
Oh Ange it's like it's old an organ
trail organ trail ancient she had she
had downloaded on how this emulator onto
her computer to play this old game and
she was just killing it when I got home
school arias but no Jenna needs these
types of games because otherwise her
brain is like forever stuck in internet
land and so this gets her a ticket I
take it off the internet for when she
doesn't need to be on the Internet
because it helps with this noggin thanks
for understanding I understand it just
like you understand Danny go to a gym
for all the time right what's what yeah
you go to the gym I play elder scrolls
and Mario to each his own or her own I
always want marbles I always need to get
my brother to beat stuff for me because
he was really good at it and I was like
can you do this we're getting dinner
soon and we're gonna feed ourselves and
I think we have a new episode of law and
order recorded so we'll probably watch
that while we eat because in order to
eat we need to be watching something
speaking of this I think we might see
Kris and Shan soon Wow trying to say
that 10 times fast
Kris and sham cuz I think you're coming
to LA this month I'd be fucking fun
travel vlog here time-lapse do you mind
I was kidding
that was my family anyway I'm hungry I'm
hungry I was like really not hungry and
then I got hungry like that and now I
need to eat so I'm gonna do that right I
think you're part of the vlog now is
that what you're saying time to have me
in the vlog you're being awfully cute
you know people are scared of you after
yesterday's video
don't hide you showed your true
murderous colors I don't think people
like that but it may have earned you
some respect
and that's what matters the respect mmm
pretty you're pretty good so we came to
the grocery store it's like later
tonight right now cuz I really wanted a
mango I'm trying to get Street cash
looking for a good mango right now
because I really want
I improvised holy shit those are big
easy-open oh my god so it's like
pre-opened
purple nose
I would fuck with a purple mountain
purple mountains fuck is it mango season
none of these even kill remotely right
maybe want to do that
these are all really hard sometimes you
have fruit late at night guys oh these
in season these are good
should get back all right we're gonna go
eat fruit now fruit all right just being
a healthy little otter over here eating
some fruit what do they still display
with your app and I have an audience I'm
gonna close the blog thank you guys for
watching see you guys tomorrow for the
next vlog when I upload this in the
morning I'm not sure the link for the
signups for my meet on Saturday is going
to be ready so once it's ready during
the day it will be posted in the vlog
description so check this vlog again
later if it's not in the description
because hopefully it'll be up by the
morning but I can't guarantee it so all
the information will be below I'm really
excited to see you guys
those of you can make it yeah just going
to keep eating fruit right now so you
guys smile thanks for watching
come to me
people
