marble we do buddy but we don't maybe
you want to go to a hike but you want to
sit on the sunny spot on the couch level
you want to go for a walk
hey what's up you guys I'm up in the
mountains and we are about to go on a
nice little dusk time hike for having a
beautiful day and now we have the dogs
and we've really just kind of been
hanging out we just started prepping
dinner for tonight but then we figured
we had some sunlight out so we would
come for a little hike and as you can
see behind me it's absolutely stunning
out like the Sun is just lighting up
this Lake like nobody's business this is
uh this is the hike we like Jenna and I
have done it many times and previously
we when we came up here the dogs were
too hot hike and that's gonna be a
problem right now so it should be a lot
of fun so let's go on a hike
we're on super bear awareness now
because we realized it's duck calves is
feeling really happy about it I'm legit
thinking we might see a bear right now
this Mar up ahead will tee blaq like a
bear I got my rule the Oh Bri we got
marble I was like Jenna do you think we
should be hanging right now she goes
well dusk is the time that they're most
active but I think we're fine and I'm
like those two things completely
conflict with each other hopefully I get
the vlog later guys finishing the hike
sort of we're getting close to the end
and still no bear we heard a hornet's
nest we think I don't know that I don't
know sounded a lot like a hornet's nest
but I got a rock in case you see
anything I'm sure that'll solve all our
problems I don't really get those
Hornets the one Hornet jiva move keep
them moving
I just hiked it's so much fun at dusk
like oh it's this place right for those
who are actually hiking it cough cough
cough cough cough sir Jenny having fun
good hiking goals nature we made it we
are literally out of the woods as a fun
hike time ago eat some fucking food
though no I'm saying mom how did you
learn this in 30 seconds I knew my mom
would be good at this I'm showing my mom
the hoverboard right now I knew she
would be good at this but she's already
like got it out it's been two minutes
what the hell mom look it's just
pretending like it's harder than is you
got this this is farming surface is fun
it's so fun oh my god is this fun she's
very interested no don't go near
furniture no I understand why you're so
worried because you're gonna you're
gonna fall and hit your head oh stop
stop whoa it scared you oh my god you're
taller you're a troll so my mom came
over to say hi cuz she was up a big
there too cuz she is on the ski patrol a
big bear so she actually has obligations
up here whereas we're just vacationing
but she's
and it turns out we needed a couple
extra things at the grocery store so
we're taking a quick trip to save the
night we're saving the mantra by the way
water the popper you so good at that
hoverboard mix you know oh we gotta go
to church so we've been helping Jenna
gather this puzzle that they've been
going at for hours this is the puzzle
Jason I came over to help with the
finish alright so we fuckin we just
finished it
and we're missing one two fucking three
pieces and we're all about a poor hair
out of her head for Jenna that would be
a red heavy mess like they're literally
going crazy um how does it feel to have
spent so many hours on a puzzle to
realize that you suck at life and the
puzzle flipped you off with the pieces
that really rewarding Jenna how do you
feel that a puzzle made you it's bitch
agree what are you doing
level are you doing
he's part of the cast have you fused
with the couch let me just say funny my
entire time I was yelling he was peeing
and would Kermit this is bad you know
what the wheelie pad is oh my god I'm
knowing I get the carpet cleaner Oh
he kept peeing he was paying for like 30
seconds I kept like this like making
full uh comment you don't get to take
advantage of your mom like that
hey sergeant Brad do you see how much
this he likes they just like fucking
disobey you like he gets him off he
really likes it he loves making me mad
jenny was just fuckin yelling like
Kermit yeah for like a whole 30 seconds
and we were like what that was going on
I'm not gonna try and like move in cuz
he's gonna pee everywhere you're bad but
he's not bad he's like he's doing it
tight you yeah well that's how he's
crying upstairs you crying you want
all right while you stand on top of me
and yell at me cannot I was just seeing
like garnet can't look at me like what
we're playing cards against humanity' no
no we're playing pink out when Kings
come look at it
Hey what how is that even fuck
so J train and I decided we wanted to go
up to the to the slopes which is when
it's not snowing something called a sky
chair we basically take the lift to
chairlift all the way to the top and you
can either hike down or you can take it
back down we're gonna take a lift all
the way up so this should be really
fucking cool cuz this is brilliant like
I don't even know what to say
this was the fucking decision of the day
right here to do this I'm so happy like
we're we're not even halfway up it's a
15-minute ride on this thing really get
to the top you just porpoise through you
just did a periscope on that until I ran
out of service a service I mean I've
only been on this thing when it's
snowing and I'm skiing like I've never
seen it like this so it's it's just wild
I'm underexposed or not because of the
view but I just can't wait to see the
view at the top these are the shit we
live for hell yeah here's to adventure
she say
so you're hiking for about 30 seconds we
already lost the trail lost it we all
know where it is we went a completely
wrong way we're really just kind of like
trying to figure it out but we don't
really care because it's so nice up here
something like really peaceful about
being up here when you're used to it
being just slammed with people I think
this is a job yeah yeah we found the
truck we got a lot of sunlight left oh
if we ever get caught Jason and I are
probably the two most equipped people to
ever survive this is the steepest hike
ever we are we're trying to like go down
this high granite it's so much fun but
it's like it's legit steep is shit right
now it's a fun hike like we're on the
back it's like the side area of the
slopes and it's fucking empty no one's
here no one's hiking today so we are
back at the cabin we had a great time on
the hike is a lot of fun we just ate
some food because we realized we hadn't
eaten anything all day
and now we are gonna do puzzle time aka
coyote watch so we're gonna leave the
screen door open so if there are coyotes
we can hear them while we all team up
and try to beat this puzzle and do it
for time let's go see how the coyote
watch is going let's see if there any
coyotes out here it's a coyote what's it
doing the Coyotes setting a trap for
other coyotes but we're putting the meat
out there so the Coyotes could come
oh it's right up right right down here
look right
he looks like a dog
he's gonna get the food the foots right
down that rock get it
good boy or girl
did you just eat that boner hole
yeah oh
I was table you guys
we finally did it we saw coyote coyote
watch 2k15 is a success it was amazing
so cool I wouldn't record be putting the
meat on the rocks - yeah we have the
whole thing we have the the part where
we're being juveniles enemy of the part
where we get rewarded for it and I was
out lucky and I owed you all nothing was
big and he can see the size on the
camera but yeah it's like it was big it
was a big like it was like he was like
good dog yeah ya know like he could
could have been a save him for like a
small wolf yeah yeah except I wouldn't
think if we were like somewhere where
yeah well we've seen coyotes like on the
side of the road and stuff but we now
I've never seen one that big and I've
never seen in the flesh that close hello
that was crazy got and that peach like
wandered outside while we were watching
all the peaches get the fuck inside he
actually stopped them like yeah yeah
Brad was like fuck is there more food up
there yeah I feel great
Oh sounds amazing worth it let's go over
here it's a little like incest normal
just a little bit
Oh God duh he just pulled a fatality
Mortal Kombat style on her favorite toy
she ripped out the spine look at her
that's the face of a cold-blooded killer
peachy you didn't just peach you are
literally in mortal combat pulling a
fatality look at that the spine is out
of the body naughty this is her favorite
toy this armadillo is her favorite toy
this was her favorite toy in the whole
world and she fatality did it looks like
the spine was pulled out through its
mouth Pete you destroyed your only
friend his work
but H you're sitting on part of the
spine look it was like God good like who
knew this was what was in this thing
that that's fucking crazy and she killed
her my little pony to like just now look
at what it's Richards face like this was
no my god peach this isn't face off we
should rips the face off of things and
takes their guts of people your sinister
she's like the sweetest girl that she
just brutally murders all of her friends
what a crazy person fucking so wild in
other news it is now Bloody Mary o'clock
oh it is Bloody Mary o'clock we are in
protest are you a lion alright so guys
uh we are leaving right now
getting the car ready and all packed to
head back home after you saw me last I
just we just kind of turned off and
relax and it was so nice like reset our
bodies our minds feeling good and it was
another great trip successful relaxation
getaway up to the mountains but anyway
time to go back home hi thank you guys
for watching I hope you enjoyed it see
you guys tomorrow for the next vlog it
will be at home not up in the mountains
alright later
you
