happy Friday guys I am going to lunch
right now with my dad and go to this
place that has the most confusing
parking lot I think I've ever seen but
there's a sign that says this way to the
parking lot you go and then this is what
you see like you can't get in you let's
go around the block so I almost just
gave up but I found that yourself
back home to do a billion thing guys I
had lunch with my dad I had a great time
it was nice to catch up with him we just
had like a two-hour lunch got lost in
conversation it was a good time you know
when you guys like you're expecting kind
of a short quick like mean greet lunch
with someone but then you get in a good
conversation and two hours later you're
like ah I no longer have parking
validated but I don't even care so that
was good
Jenna just recorded her show we just
finished that up with my keep it if it's
your section and sorry I'm going to show
you this because I'm so proud spotless
feels good like I I neglected to do the
dishes for like more than a couple days
which was bad just you know I don't know
if you guys are the same way but when
when a main shared space in the house is
like messy
I can't think like I go in there and I
just like immediately lose every train
of thought I ever had so I did that and
now I'm feeling better so now we are
going to record the podcast because I
know I said we were gonna try to a
yesterday but then it was 4:30 in the
morning when we finished uploading Jen's
video so we're gonna do it today I think
we're gonna play a game on this podcast
I'm not sure still figuring it out but
um I just rearranged the podcast room
again because I was shooting gabs in
here so it's back to his normal podcast
setting so that's good just like a
little dinky says shut the lights when
you leave the room so we're preparing
for going up in the mountains with our
bad selves and our dogs and Jason and
Gabi are going to join us and naturally
this is what I have all cleaned and
prepared first because we're going to
have Mads slow cooking time and I have a
little minion following me don't die
don't die hello
you follow me around the house while I
do chores yeah you like to enjoy yeah
your baby if you're my daughter I'll
give you allowance but instead I just
give me treats mmm so podcasting time
and and then we're going to start
packing and get ready to leave to our
favorites place Amer but yeah check on
you guys soon running around vlog but
it's all good
we'll get it done we will get it done
guys the essentials right now that
blanket for the dogs but here we got all
my film stuff including this right here
because I want to shoot a lot up there I
like shooting up with the moms then we
got the dogs entire backpack with
outfits food every
may need couple little boards back there
we got their bed right here and their
car bed is up there don't worry you're
coming don't worry little one okay tell
though she sticks her head places it's
okay lady you're coming we take her on a
walk sometimes in down the street
basically the light post you know where
you press the button to get the
crosswalk signal there's it's like a big
steel hole into the ground that's
mounted because it's the actual street
light but at the bottom of it there's
this little cutout for like the City
electrician like wire through and
it's open and every time we're walking
by a peach we'll just stick her entire
head in it so it looks like she just
like her head is inside the pole cuz it
is she's just such a goon she like puts
her head places just because she's
curious she doesn't even care like what
would happen guys we're about to pop
Josh
you
cuz we finished the podcast that is done
and it was a fun one we sort of played a
game and had a good conversation we are
in the final stages of packing so we can
go to the mountains with our little mini
animals really excited about that almost
everything is packed we just got pack
the rest of our clothes and then we'll
head out beyond our little weekend away
which will be really nice and peaches
hanging out being a peach you be in a
peach yeah good peach because I talked
about in podcast but I discovered
someone from geordie shore her name is
Charlotte she started a YouTube channel
it basically means that I'm gonna be
watching Geordie Shore on YouTube now I
don't know I need it honestly I need to
catch up in the seasons that I've missed
because it started up apparently
recently cuz I have so much work to get
done
Geordie work I need to get mobile
because I know you just like see this
like from here to here and here to here
all the time but but that's that's what
I look like
I'm holding you guys out and when I do
this in public I know how crazy I look
but I just don't give a cuz I like
that me you guys
I like making bars of my life which is
sometimes boring I get that look at them
you guys ready to go Big Bear you're too
wild
mama you happy they don't even know it
but they're gonna be so happy in a
couple hours I know you're crying I know
mommy waiting to get snacks so I'm
filling up right now and we are off to
Big Bear pretty great feeling so great
that you might cry we got everything we
needed to get
now it's relaxing time so I will see you
guys in big I'm going to finish putting
together the vlog when I get to Big Bear
excuse you I'm vlogging vlogging no I'm
going because I wanted to give you guys
a full blog so I will see you guys up in
the back
we're in Big Bear ok we're here we're so
excited we're like all so excited that
we don't know what to do with ourselves
well gabs knows what to do she's hanging
out with her BAE Kevin who's a ukulele
Jason's fixing up the TV right now and
it's making Gav's incredibly nervous and
it's fun to watch look it looks like
it's gonna fall super happy to be up
here the drive was nice and peaceful
there's like a windy road to get all the
way up here so that's like hard
especially at night but it was peaceful
nonetheless because there's no one on
the road well alcohol can fix that it
will make your head spin the other way
so um we're gonna just hang out and kind
of chill for the night yeah we made we
made we are safe and sound
Bob oh come here what do you do he
thinks our bedroom is upstairs so he
keeps coming up here because he wants to
go to bed Bob oh it's not bedtime and
this isn't our bed little guy our beds
downstairs I know it's different he he's
like escaping and running upstairs it's
really cute but he wants bedtime babe
mama keeps running upstairs he picks his
bed he spotted Jason and sprinted past
Jenna to go far in Jason like marble
does not like anyone like that and then
these two are just trying to like copy
marble fakes fakes fake fans
cuz I'm up you can tell but I'm pretty
comfortable right now we just woke up
the hair is nice and everything's good
we're probably gonna go on spikes today
or do something active take the dogs out
something fun it's like colder up here
since
the last time during the day we saw how
exhaust excuse you there's literally
nothing wrong yeah it feels like feels
more like cabanne now because it's cold
I don't know if you guys know I'm
talking about shouldn't close the vlog
now thank you guys for watching have you
have a wonderful weekend and I'll see
you on Tuesday for the next vlog and I
see you on snapchat on goddamn weekend
yeah yeah what
yes it's so nice like I'm not wearing
socks and I'm cold and I love that I'm
wearing a hoodie right now like I wear
hoodies ever I'm always too hot
yeah yeah thanks for watching guys
I'll see you on Tuesday
I wish I knew
I
I just
I
