we just got to the Cincinnati
International Airport and we don't want
to wait for Rome know we're leaving
I just taking her sweet time she's on
Australian time I think we're here for
Jenna's appearance at the University of
Kentucky
why'd you throw my pillow
what came over you you just wanted to
beat me
you can fight it I've never like got
provoked her like that that is amazing
why don't you turn your back
well there's a seat here for you you
guys are silly we like it in the back
we're in the back they're wrong because
you move your seat up
came back to melon mushroom which seems
to be our best friend when it comes to
traveling in that southern area of the
United States
metella mushroom is our Savior they have
like all kinds of meats that we can eat
and it's kind of a rad place so we found
one about 15 minutes from us we're in
downtown Lexington right now and we're
about eating pizza where's Austin hungry
because I'm getting there messing stop
it
get some help stop snapping your menu
squirrel
my favorite type of margarita is the one
in Kentucky always go to Kentucky from
right right there from here arteries are
a Kentucky delicacy you'll calm down son
you'll shut your mouth and calm down you
can only get them in Kentucky have you
ever had a margarita outside of your
target neither have I I mean
I was it
out 1012 all right we're finish eating
way too much pizza personally I
absolutely wait too much pizza we're
gonna go get a nightcap and then sleep
because we're all tired but the pizza
was wonderful now the mushroom is just
delicious mayonnaise always I'm like in
the street guys get out of the street
there you go there's so many noises
happening I am watching the dock we're
leaving in like 30 minutes but we got up
a while ago and just some kind of
hanging and getting ready we're heading
to the University of Kentucky Jenna's
gonna be doing a QA live Q&A which I
think 500 students I've never been to
this entire state but especially not the
University of Kentucky so I'm excited to
go see this University Jenna's gonna
kill it it'll be fun there's really not
much else happening this trip we are
going tonight for the event and we leave
early in the morning look at my let me
see the goods can I see can you talk to
me enough linear because of the mere
hello has no mic on then my dry shampoo
exploded in my bag so my hair is a
little bit flat it got all over my
sweatpants and my co kids we're gonna go
talk to University of Kentucky go
Wildcats so that's gonna be super dope
and I yes I've had folded my eyebrows
completely I have requests can you look
on my Twitter account
I wish you just click on Apple support
there's a golf golf in this like she
resides in Los Angeles California with
our three dogs mr. Armel permit
that was a lot fun that was like really
fun UK Fox that was like the really
really really really cool crap and Jenna
did amazing as you guys I'm really proud
and she brought me up with her and I had
a mic also the professor who hosted and
moderated was he was dope he was the
first professor I think has ever hosted
one of these things because it's always
a student but he did he was great he was
awesome
professor De Santis we're going to meet
some of the student government people
and then have some pizza that statue is
so weird
thanks guys
we're like desperately trying to find
somewhere to eat there was a vegan
restaurant called FICA but it was closed
even though map said it was open and now
we're at the red light trying to find
some food it's kind of slim pickings but
we're for likely just gonna get a quick
dinner and then head back to the hotel I
just want to say really quickly all the
UK student staff who put on the event
just a wonderful job just a completely
professional event no anyway we need to
eat now
we have more people coming
we were in for as a fries because they
have nothing we can eat here and when
they brought him he was like poor you
think there we have more people coming
just pile them on right here it's a
reading prize for dinner
