it's dark out I haven't vlogged all day
long oh my god what is up guys I woke up
around like 11 and I was Soros fuck
tired and just like all around exhausted
like I the last two days both physically
and like otherwise I've been just kind
of like going so hard and so between the
workouts and everything else we've been
doing I just woke up today and I was
like I am so exhausted so we literally
just hung around and kind of like reset
for the day I know it's weird because
it's like Wednesday hump day in the
middle of the week to do that but I mean
I just I just really needed to shut off
for a little bit so that's why I haven't
picked up the camera until I'm gonna say
8:30 or twenty thirty anyway picked it
up that's all that matters you're with
me now guys but we're gonna start
shooting Jenna's video soon and uh we
just had some dinner we were watching a
little survivor with it - and what the
fuck is up with Abbi she's annoying and
she always causes drama sorry I won't
talk about survivor okay so I meant to
say this in yesterday's vlog but I
forgot Ricky Dillon tweeted the other
day about something called Pokemon Go
which is like this new game it's like a
real-world virtual reality sort of game
not really virtual reality but basically
Pokemon is releasing this thing called
Pokemon go where they you can go around
the real world with your phone and find
like digital Pokemon hidden around and
you go on adventures and catch pokemon
and ricky tweeted about it and i've been
like really excited about it so i
tweeted at him i was like we better do
this together so you guys need to tell
him on Twitter that when it does come
out which is like next year we got to
like vlog that and go go on pokemon gold
adventures in your life together because
that would be so fun and I love Ricky so
that'd be a great time as you can see
behind me the kitchen is a little bit of
a mess so I have to clean it tomorrow is
going to be a crazy day we have so much
to get done and then we're going away
for the weekend we're taking a little
weekend off going up in the mountains
but in order to get it done and to be
able to leave tomorrow night we need to
prepare a whole bunch of shit get the
podcast done each other show done clean
a house pack everything so tomorrow is
going to be pretty nuts so I'll I'll
take you right with me on my crazy day
but for now you guys get the rest of my
night
which is entertaining because it's the
ones they night you know how that goes
what isla - de toda you know what guys
for the rest of the vlog I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna be surviving it's gonna
be all survivor like survivor guys look
at this
see and I'm hoping it's not my dick
it's the rose gold iPhone 6s plus the
reason I have this this isn't mine
although I am getting one the reason I
have this is cuz Keaton my buddy who
runs the tech channel who was with me a
couple weeks ago he's doing like a
review and he wants me to like basically
do a dual review with him he wants me to
collab with him on his tech channel even
though I don't really know tech that
well so he sent me a test unit cuz he
went to Australia for release and he got
a bunch of phones to do videos with and
it was really cool like he did a drop
test that liked it really well but
anyway this thing is lightning fucking
fast like I played with it for an hour
and I was like I have to get this it's
got two gigs of RAM so much faster like
it's snappier 3d touch Jenna really
likes that one I think that's gonna make
her get one she likes abusing her iPhone
screen 3 touching it 3d touch you
vlogging I eg of the hiccups
I mean trees the Maori soul person and
now I feel like there's no move I can
make such violent ago I'm sorry there
was a moment with Spencer time-lapse
goals by the way survivors time-lapse
goals so I'm trying to install OS El
Capitan the new software for Mac's that
just came out but it's taking fucking
forever it said like an hour to just
download it and the internet is probably
slow so that's why that's happening uh
but I just did a little work to help
Jennifer bear for her video and if you
don't mind I'm gonna show you what that
work was I had to download a couple
videos for Jenna's use in her video
today so let me show you the highly
important tasks that I just completed
for Jenna's video
I fucking love her so much she just sits
down what waits while I edit it's the
sweetest thing guys I wanted to show you
a little quick test of I phone 6s plus
when I take a video you guys know I
don't like vlogging on phones for a
number of reasons but for those
wondering this is the 4k setting on
video scaled down to 1080p I came in
here to use the light because it really
like doesn't do well in low light I'm
like groggy you know 4k it's hard to
shoot low light but anyway this is the
iPhone 6s plus with my face back to vlog
II now go upstairs see what mommy's
doing in here I got two little beep he's
been such a good boy lately and then
over here you have the anti-social one
it chooses to stay in his little
secluded home Kermit are you antisocial
yeah good good weird thing and then
here's a mirror with my messy fucking
self
and then the fleek is happening how's
your fleek going cuz it looks fleek I
hear little dickie little dick he's
fucking goals man watched though the
documentary that little Dickie released
about how he made the save that money
music video and the dude it's just like
I love like his whole attitude and Moxie
to go do it attitude that like allowed
him to pull that off I was really cool
right he's just like a doer it's next
level he's next level he has crazy
visions crazy talent but at the end of
the day he goes
good and he's funny enough to be a
fucking comedian he's smart enough to be
a writer
he has like enough musical capability to
be a musician and he chooses to be a
rapper because it's what he wants to do
and it's fucking incredible yeah I mean
he's what you would call a five-tool
player but he uses all five tools it's a
baseball term but basically he's got a
lot of talents and he knows how to
utilize more than one of them anyway
enough about little Dicky how about that
bought know the bots we went to the
little get-together last night and there
was like more than a couple screenshots
with me just grabbing your ass really
yeah
cuz we like we were being kind of like
couple E and people were taking pictures
of us being couple E oh yeah I can't
help but be coupled around you sweet I
like hip he'll keep it in your pants
though actually go oh wait what's wrong
with your hair you mess it up you mess
that up
I did your task the one that you asked
me to do for your work uh yeah what is
that from so she's a gym teacher for
like an elementary school and she made
that song as an educational song I have
no idea why it sounded kids already know
well no I think they just made it but
she's like a teacher so she made of our
students there was going on her Oh what
Kelly yeah like I know what Emily what
Wow godmother she said you were about to
go in on early what did she do possible
the China's gonna rage about the
guacamole lady yeah in just fucking
avocados there's an entire video it's
like three minutes long it's her doing
that for like five different foods I
respect her but you don't you you know
I'm what to rent avocados not her
personally she didn't do it personally
attacker please personally attack
recently attack her okay
so guys I never showed you this I just
got it these are my new brushes they're
really good for brushing stuff button
boy I'm thinking them now
thank you Sigma Sigma Enigma this one's
cool too because it fits all the way
into the sleeve you they goes away
completely you don't even know it's
there out God another yeah I've been
banned I'm not of youth anymore
oh good Walker no bitch guys so I'm
playing some Pokemon really quick and I
wanted to show you my Pikachu drawing
today
that's from snapchat and I'm fighting
with Pikachu that's my level 20 on
Pikachu so I thought I'd show you my
double Pikachu's and now it's time for
this do I agree all right here we go
anyway jenna is shooting her video right
now I just got her set up so she's
shooting right now we're gonna get to
editing and putting all our stuff
together so we can be done for the day I
think we might even podcast tonight
which it's already pretty late but we're
gonna try to do it we'll see we're just
trying to get a heck we've a lot of shit
to do in the next 24 hours if we wanna
take off I'm gonna end the vlog I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog even though
it's kind of late in the day and kind of
a chill blog but I do see the comments
that you guys enjoy the vlogs were not
much goes on so I love you guys and I'll
see you tomorrow for the last vlog in a
week alright later because Joel
Oh
