and I look absolutely ridiculous in this
heaven but I love it
what's going on guys I am preparing
right now to do a so what happened is
Gabriella Terran gaps our friend she
sings and she's a youtube channel I can
link it below for you guys to check out
basically I told her a while ago I said
if you ever want to shoot something and
have me help you with it hit me up and
we'll do it we'll make a song you know
I'm not gonna do anything I'm just gonna
like produce it and film it because I
love that shit so I invited her to do
that and she took me up on the offer so
she's coming over right now with Jason
to record a song and I'm gonna shoot it
I set up the entire room for sort of
like an acoustic recording and I'm
really excited because I've gotten more
and more into the creative aspect of
making filmmaking I guess you could say
and getting to do stuff for her like
that is something that I enjoy because
it lets me express my creativity so I'm
really excited I have a cool setup we're
gonna make it sound great look cool nice
and dramatic that's what I'm doing right
now earlier Jenna and I worked out
together which was really nice and then
we came home and oh we got you in new
shoes cuz peach ate her old shoe so
let's let's see Jenna's issues wow those
are nice
well peach ate the other ones she ate
them for lunch and dinner and marble
right before I came in here was lying on
the floor
why you do that weirdo six shoes go
anyway they're gonna be here soon and
I'm excited let me show you the setup
really quick so we're shooting with the
c100 I got the 50 millimeter lens on
there and she's gonna be sitting right
there
we got one kind of spotlight on her but
the rest of the rooms gonna be pretty
dark I'm also gonna be shooting another
shot from over here but it's gonna be
pretty cool and I'm excited for you guys
to see it if you guys want to check it
out it's up so you can click right there
to watch it but for now we got to get
shooting so I'll hit you guys back in a
little bit all right
fast forward probably five six hours
later since I last like because I was
preparing for the gaps thing and that is
done now we did the entire thing we shot
it and just put it all together and now
she's loading it tomorrow but yeah she
killed it by the way like it was it was
a lot of fun for me to create this like
little film mini film of her singing
this song it was like really cool
creative outlet for me that girl got
pipes yo he does yo girl got pipes
damn damn anyway right now we're all
being Jason because we are I'm Jason
we've all got Nintendo 3ds because we
were so jealous of Jason because Jason
has one always having fun he's always
having fun like he doesn't ever show up
anywhere without it
I really don't well and it's smart like
you're always prepared anyway okay like
I was shooting with gas and Jason and
Jenna ran off and bought these like one
for me one for Jenna and then they also
got gap so yeah awesome so now we all
were 3ds mobbin but I'm playing Pokemon
reliving my childhood so hard and I love
it
and played Pokemon and forever Oh
literally got me a 3ds so I wouldn't
feel left out I don't know what you do
with it but I love it
just put cute stickers on it hey guys
good job by the way it's pretty dope you
are pretty good high five yeah so we're
all just collectively playing 3d assets
because it's fun you know being nerds
can't believe I'm playing Pokemon right
now Jason picked out Pokemon for me when
they were at the store because he knew I
needed it I need it mm-hmm you need it
thank you for the 3ds you a lot no
longer you're really cute peachy you
ready for bed peih-gee you ready for bed
or are you already in bed you can't go
to bed
come on good
good morning guys we just got a coffee
and I guess apparently it's National
Coffee Day which I feel like there's a
National something food-related day
every single day and I feel like
someone's just probably in a room making
them up but I'm not gonna argue because
I love coffee so for National Coffee Day
I'm being basic but anyway it's a
beautiful day out it's like not too hot
starting to actually cool off a little
bit but I'm gonna head over to the gym
in a little bit and god I'm like so
excited that I have that D s like I was
playing Pokemon like in bed but I'm like
just excited to have it yeah I'm gonna
head over to the gym probably eat a
little something first and then I'll be
back and and kind of just doing stuff
around the house today Jenna's been
playing this hand called Animal Crossing
and she she's just like decorating
houses for free like she's even get paid
yeah if there's no pressure it's like a
relaxing game so I can I can kind of
understand it why don't you just play
pokemon pokemon is better Jenna can we
see your latest designs a you yeah
that's me I get this nasty try ponytail
that's toe it's my work outfit okay the
other one I had forever notice like my
favorite because it was like you just
collected apples all animal crops
Jenna and I are gonna go to the gym soon
though right I'm gonna get my shoes on
she's gonna get her shoes off she's
gonna watch over your shoulder I gotta
decide which house I'm gonna bail but I
don't want to do it right now so we're
gonna leave you can think about what
house you're gonna build next when we're
at the gym getting lunch
let's take the Hokey jail
yeah yeah we just didn't work out we're
both really tired down we did together
which is nice we're starting today again
I miss that
that rhymes - you want to know my
current mood is this picture explains it
all that's my kind of guys leave this
coincidence there's a dream right where
there's a pipe leaking
like is crazy yo guys so we are going
over to Josh and Colleen's house because
they're having a thing for Rebecca so
I'm gonna try to wrap up the vlog right
now peachy no don't jump okay jump okay
oh wow that was a nifty little route but
before I close I want to let you guys
know that the definite date for my
meetup is October 10th and it's going to
be in the LA area so mark your calendars
I don't have a location that's TBA but
just so you know it's going to be
October 10th there's gonna be
gluten-free pizza for everyone and hugs
all around so just want to let you guys
know because I had that finalized today
anyway thank you guys for watching the
vlog and I'll see you tomorrow for the
next one all right
