what's up guys we went to a garage down
the street you ride around hoverboard
stay rolling I walk that's what we're
doing right now trying to get Paige to
listen but she seems to want to do
whatever she wants
let's go so just like a little bit ago
there was a super Blood Moon that Jason
and I were tracking we're tracking the
super Blood Moon and we wanted to get a
really cool time lapse of it but right
as we set up the time-lapse the clouds
moved in and we couldn't see anything so
that's why you didn't get a super Blood
Moon time Oh Jason had been tracking it
all day because we wanted to fucking do
that we're a sweaty fucking mess I'm
with my brother here so in sweat
cottages hey frisbee we did this thing
the one you
guys have seen me fight before Chapman
University definitely there's a school
so we're at Chapman right now we are
Jamba Juice it's like a hundred three
hundred degrees just like our house did
you guys know that me I get but they
really miss you they missed
as they like to call the ginger Channing
Tatum guys are we looking at the same
person here thank you he's we had a nice
little run around you know we go back to
his place to hang out with honey his
little puppy
honey so I'm trying to find my brother
right his apartment complex and he said
he was just going out front to play with
honey
his little puppy girl but I like went
out front and I couldn't find him now
I'm like looking really up front like
outside the gate I want to find that dog
but this apartment complex is pretty big
so he could be like anywhere he might
even be in the apartment I need to find
my brother
so we're just still chillin in my
brother's house right now he took honey
out where honey she didn't need you
honey's underneath me honey
then Lily lagoon that's really cute yeah
she's super hot we took her out and our
he took her on ran her around and then I
came back and found them but it's just
like our house here like Orange County's
mom's posing like a model over there
with a baseball bat
you guys can screenshot that for your
own weird pleasure get out of the way ha
we had a fucking we ate that pita and we
put that shit to use I don't think I
showed you that pizza we had the most
epic fucking pizza I've ever had it's so
good that's all Paige she's crying while
she chews her mother fucking bone
my god speak we're speaking just chew
your bones so intensely chewing no ptc
did you this is the Qantas thing ever no
whoa let's go over here
lovely vague a movie vote you but get
home Jenna how cute is Marvel being
right now you good girl
hey guys we are we're having a nice
chill Saturday where we're making our
dogs talk while they chew bones um
tomorrow is Sunday naturally and aside
from the Patriots game at 10:00 we're
having a little festive day because gabs
and Jason are coming over and we're
gonna don't sit him up to hump peach
she's like placing marble over so hump
my dog
there's no instigating incest so no
let's fuck we are going to cook some fun
food tomorrow so I'm gonna do a slow
cooker recipe I think dad's and Jason
are bringing their slow cooker and
Jenna's going to make something else so
right now we're planning our meals and I
think we're gonna do like a like a
grocery haul in the morning so we'll
have everything ready for when they come
over but it's gonna be fun and festive
and exciting right I had a great time
with my brother going to orange that's
when you saw me last I think and then
last night I went and saw Mission
Impossible with Colin my buddy : and it
was a great time good weekend so far
gonna be a great tomorrow and rest up
tonight we're just chilling I know and
Cedar Rapids what if you think hey I'm
just chilling into your ruff I'm just
chilling I'm just chilling in Cedar
Rapids
oh by the way by the way guys Tony
tomahawk rebind me I'm pretty sure I can
just like retire on vine now so that's
cool i remade one of his vines the
fucking best we love Tony tell mark he
made a vine where he's he's asking a
bunch of deer if they vape
and they run away and so I did the same
thing that my brother's dog and he
rebind it for real though he makes us
laugh so hard
Oh Jenna has a fleet ass fucking
sunglass game so now like she is like
like a really colorful collection ticket
and she got so panicked definitely let
me love you Herman she's just singing no
let me love you I'm it beat you Jenna
hey Kermit you can't bite mommy
even if she's singing like you don't
like he doesn't like that much love okay
you
Tom Brady just threw for his 400th
touchdown just want to let you guys know
that we're up 20 to 3 right now
third quarter and I just put the wings
in the slow cooker I'm in here right now
watch the games
it's looking good yeah gonna watch the
rest of this game finish the food and
then Jason and gas will be here for the
rest of Sunday
fuck the curb and I are watching the
Pats pour it on right now it's a good
day Pats are killing it Brady threw 400
touchdowns not today but he threw his
400 today I'm starting to get hungry and
I have like I think like two and a half
hours more for the slow cooker to finish
my wings so either I have to just like
suck it up or I have to start snacking I
could just go back to sleep like that
and give negative fucks hey they're
gonna close the blog right now these
weekend blogs can get pretty crazy in
terms of like when I vlog and then
putting it all together because
sometimes I just forget that it's all
going to be one blog so that's why this
one was a little bit jumbled but I hope
you guys enjoyed it and I'll see you
guys tomorrow for the next vlog thank
you for watching later
you
