good morning everyone
I am just fresh out of the shower had a
good workout this morning and gonna get
some Chipotle for lunch so it's a good
day
happy Friday you guys somehow still
sweating after my shower it was a cold
shower too
I love taking like ice-cold showers
after like a really intense workout
because my body is just so hot and can't
cool down even though I think
technically taking a cold shower makes
your body heat up more it feels good on
the surface of your skin when it's just
so hot but I'm still sweating something
I have to run out for a couple errands
today I have to go to the drugstore
hello
do I come in a drugstore me you need
drugs for no because we need to grab a
couple things and then I'll probably hit
the peel back for the have been there
and like almost a month and I think
that's all the things I have to do out
in the world today I have to get a
couple things done at home but good day
beautiful out and peach is just as
energetic as yesterday
in fact she might be a little more I
left this morning workout and Jenna was
up when I got home and she said teach
was just like what limp piece just like
make sure everyone's awake when she
walked the play like she's so relentless
it's pretty annoying because puppy and
cool puppy so I just went to the peel
box and for some reason it's closed it's
like business hours and everything so
I'll have to do that either tomorrow or
next week sorry for those II have sent
stuff and I'm not getting it yet I just
haven't gone but hopefully I'll go soon
now we're going on drugs are I was just
walking through CVS and then
just you scared the shit out of me I
like looked at that top someone was just
standing there with a sword there was
that point and then there's another one
over there
fucking genuinely scared me yes they got
my magazine guys this might be a record
short receipt play this if you've ever
been a CVS in the u.s. you know their
receipts are just like longest shit
for no reason and that was the shortest
one I've ever got hashtag yes we're
filling up the tank right now normally
when I wear my hair down it makes me
more hot and that's why I generally
don't do it I'm always so hot and I like
you better in a bun but today like I
just hopped out of the shower and so my
hair's kind of cool me off
so it's providing the opposite effect
because it is fucking so hot I know I
say that all the time I'm just waiting
for the summer
because it's like a hundred every single
day feels like Vegas these is beautiful
suck out all family
mine but I'm complaining I can't
complain but anyway guys the weirdest
thing we discovered this was left here
like two days ago just hockey equipment
I was just sitting here on like arts
sidewalk like someone was throwing it
out or waiting for someone to pick it up
or fucking oh we've been walking shit
guys together another thing this has
been here since last Halloween and it's
almost October this is the Christmas
tree of our new house for those of you
who know what I'm talking about we
almost left our Christmas tree up plural
Christmas trees up at our old house for
almost a year so this is the new
Christmas tree hi Carmen
why are you barking are you so excited
you don't want to do girly look at that
tail I know I know
my buddy hey no no don't run away it's
okay come here
Goodman oh you're ready you're already
ready for me me sweetie maybe look how
weird she is she's like straddles the
top of the couch hello dad pretty
Kermit's too excited he doesn't know
what to do oh there he is there he is
did you wake up with a blade or anything
sister wait can you say what happened
yeah so I was trying to sleep because I
was up late and the dogs are gonna let
me sleep past a certain point so
slightly scratching me and stuff and so
carmen was slow calling my face and I
look at him and his face is covered in
glitter look like fuck going to the
bathroom and there's we got these like
lush bauble buyers and one of them's
with covered in glitter and it was out
by itself like Carmen had then took it
out with his little snout and then
rubbed his face all over and Peach was
covered in glitter too but comment
mostly because I know he likes to take
soap I caught him with that lush bag he
likes to take soap and then rub his face
on it you know he's probably got glitter
on her from kissing Kermit's yeah I know
it
I don't teach doesn't do that but Kermit
is that like weird thing where he loves
to put his patience yeah we were in
Vegas one time and we finally caught him
we had these baby wipes in the room and
Kermit like had taken them out and was
rubbing his face on the Navy wipes
that's what yeah because we wouldn't do
that period where we was just finding
baby wipes all over the bathroom and
he's just wiping something like I'm not
leaving these baby wipes over the place
it's Kermit and he'll they smelled
really when you care about your hygiene
he just wants to be green okay if you
like if you leave the shower door open
he'll go in there just rub his face all
over the floor and he didn't do that
yeah I have and he's also pooped in the
shower so things got even weirder you
poop in the yard
so weird our dogs are the weirdest so I
had said that the peel box was closed
and I didn't know why but it turns out
George who works at the PIO box was just
making a run he came back so I went to
the peel box and I got a whole bunch of
shit that was waiting for us which is
awesome but the thing that I'm most
surprised about is a company named hook
grip run by a guy named nat yeah he sent
us a whole box of hook rips wagon hook
grip is a weightlifting brand we're
fangirling so hard right now so what NAT
does is he runs this Instagram and his
business but he makes the coolest videos
of weight lifters and that's his logo
it's hook grip and I've watched these
videos forever and like geeked out cuz
the only videos like Lou and cloak on
blue and Metreon person but I'm just
like I'm like blown away that he said
thank you now if you're watching that's
like the coolest person yeah oh fuck
yeah he sent me like wrist wraps he sent
me like near apps I like I had no idea
that this whatever happens is so cool if
you ever need a really cool Wikipedia
hole to go down just look up that on
Wikipedia see one of them is our weather
sing yet legendary people ever their
little movie made out to him he's the
man if you guys are into like really
really really cool weightlifting videos
like super slow-mo and he's the best in
the business I'm going to link his shit
below because he's awesome thank you
that was really cool of you also thank
you to everyone who sent stuff I see a
lot of cool shit that you guys sent to
the do box including some stuff for mark
and I knew that
this was for mark because of the
packaging so naturally mark is going to
get the best packaging but anyway Jeddah
is going to record a radio show right
now and and then we're gonna actually
podcast tonight we are going to start
podcasting at the end of the weeks like
we used to like Thursday Friday so
that'll be great
we'll get ahead and uh yeah I think it's
a good new addition to the office I'm
liking that sweet banner anyway
Jenna's finished with a radio show we
are going to get into the podcast room
and get casting pretty soon and then we
are going to I think order some fun
because Jenna found this place that
delivers for Vietnamese food that has a
lot of vegan options and I found a bunch
of gluten-free stuff too so we're going
to order some dinner and chill out we
missed survivor last night somehow oh
wait we're shooting a video we want to
find the episode because we love
survivor so we'll probably like search
around for that episode but it's going
to be just like a nice chill night and
I'm excited because it's been like a
little bit of a crazy week tomorrow I'm
going to hang out my brother at Chapman
why are you talking every time I talk my
chairs like interrupting me yeah I'm
gonna go see my brother down Orange
County and spend the day or some of the
day with him because he's my bro and I
miss him and I haven't seen him in a
while so that's what I'm doing tomorrow
you will see that vlog entirely on
Tuesday but we'll be snapchatting and
shit I'm gonna get going on preparing
the podcast room so we get going on that
but I'll check back of you guys a little
bit before I close out the vlog and wish
you guys a happy weekend vlog he's
starting to do that thing where the lens
cover doesn't shut all the way and open
all the way so that's fun but we had a
great podcast I think I finally figured
out a good color profile to make us look
good on the podcast because I've been
struggling with that but overall like a
productive day honestly my walked on
have a fun day tomorrow my brother yeah
we're going to settle down and have some
dinner and close off the night I want to
say goodbye to you guys have a great
weekend and thanks again for watching
I'll see y'all on Tuesday and as usual
I'll see you this weekend on snapchat
alright see you guys
you
