what is up guys hi and I'm just
finishing up at the gym right now had a
good workout and I'm still doing the
program that I started it's going really
well I feel really strong I've also seen
a couple comments asking for quitting I
think I'm not quitting I'm just taking a
break
my body was taking kind of a beating
from that and it was also really really
like long-term you should get there
every day so I'll be back just not right
now so I'm still at the gym and then I
finished because I am going to help
realm workout today she asked me for
some pointers for work now and I said
yeah sure so she's gonna come by and I'm
gonna put her to a little workout
hopefully without it doing her too much
and then I'm gonna finish up with the
rest of the day it is Wednesday so
Jenny's got her video but I'm going to
say hello Jim hope you guys are having a
good day feeling strong I'm happy and
comfy
rumba to jail we're here
fuck you Dale
lift it up
Julie and a personal trainer look I even
have my baby back I would say I look
like a personal trainer my name is
Johnny are you crying just work on the
rocky road just did her whole whole
first workout she'd be great getting
swollen
it was like I'm not gonna lift belly
when I get home I'm like that's belly
fall just when you fall over with oh he
just like tumbled
okay you like just rolling around with
the baby you're gonna annoy me anything
like that you're gonna get reported
you're gonna get them
look how motherfucking pretty she is
this is an experimental heritage she got
well the hair scope is fuck yours is
good too but the lashes though can we
talk about that for a sec there's no
like light in here there's like but I
did I yeah my friend kit convinced me
that eyelash extensions are where it's
at so I really decided to try it I mean
I really like them but we'll see how I
feel in like a couple weeks you know and
I tried not putting like a ton of line
around there because I really want them
to last you got home and you look like
you already had makeup on I know that's
like the draw of it is that you're like
you wake up and you're like half done
but like they're expensive it takes a
while like you you have to maintain them
and wash them like it's no small feat
thank you okay all right this is getting
groovy know Jenna got cool new lashes I
have not bought since this morning so
I'm preparing the
camera for giannios the idea which I
think we might perhaps might perhaps
might perhaps shoot in the podcast room
I'm gonna go look at a situation bought
so I'm gonna try to set this up not for
a podcast before a video so let's do
that we just finished the video we print
called a bunch of businesses saying that
we were calling in to back out of our
ships like pretending we work there but
we don't work there it was really really
confusing for them and it was actually
pretty hilarious and Jenna included me
in her video which is fun now I'm just
gliding around the house getting water
getting a couple things done it was a
fun video shoot we'll probably edit that
now wow I can't even talk
but now I got my water my Julian sense
Cup I need a hydrate some of the dogs
the dog thing whatever Wow sorry guys
slow day for the vlog not much going on
pinky you on that water so you can in
the grow then you go drink up
were you looking at you look beautiful
with the blue light on you yeah you
chasing me why are you chasing me
what are you teasing me you're so goofy
I love you I love you baby oh she used
to be afraid of this and now she just
like comes up to me just cuz she wants
to love oh girl she's brave reach brave
wage we should do a music video where
I'm just hovering around with peach and
arms and you see the background flying
past us because we have love to propel
this you're just the sweetest little
thing I've ever met Oh sweetie you look
like a seal
yeah were you good we caught her with
some of the leftovers of food well we
were shooting the video naturally
because peach is naughty but we are
gonna sit down to edit and get a couple
things done close the vlog in a bit
than today I really want to be with John
Cena later call we're closing in on the
end of the night we're both finishing
yelling and getting ready to wine down
but I wanted to tell you guys I had a
call today about the meetup that I want
to do for celiac disease foundation and
fresh brothers the gluten free pizza
restaurant I had a call and we're
looking at October like very soon next
month from Amina I was very
inappropriate roll of death but yeah so
October 10th is the tentative date but
it's not by any means ironed out yet
nothing is for sure but we are we're
looking at October 10th for the date for
my Meetup it's Saturday probably in the
early afternoon for those of you who
don't know what I'm talking about a
while ago I thought it would be a great
idea to have another meetup I did a
meet-up and it was put on by the celiac
disease foundation so we would get to
meet me for free and raise awareness for
celiac disease at the same time except
this time there would be gluten free
pizza for free also so I'm looking at
October 10th for that it's not for sure
but I want to just give you guys an
update because I have seen comments
asking when that's gonna be
so I haven't forgotten score that
happens I'm gonna end the vlog thank you
for watching for those of you that show
support and appreciation I really
appreciate it so thank you to those of
you who are supportive and nice and
gracious when I put up box
I'll see you guys tomorrow for beef last
block up the week alright see you guys
