it's almost 1600 and happening a meal
yet I went to the gym this morning and I
just wasn't hungry all day because I
think I need a lot yesterday but now
it's time to eat and it's time to eat
good so this what we got cooking some
avocado toast with eggs and that's for
right now in four hours I have a meal
ready that's started in the slow cooker
and that is healthy version thick
version of tikka masala so I'll show you
guys that in a little bit but I'm pumped
because today I mean good and I love
eating good yeah so I was just sitting
down to edit and Jenna was like go
outside it's red and it is like I'm
outside and this is the light that I'm
getting you can see the sky over there
there's just these like giant red
patches like it the camera is pretty
accurate and how it looks right now
there might be a fire it looks like
there could be smoke coming from over
there or smog kind of in front of the
Sun or something but this is a very red
sunset oh yeah this is like crazy light
on me right now I look like I'm legit
trying to get this effect but it's like
the sky probably horrible for the
environment so there's that I just had
dinner I had the tikka masala that I was
slow cooking all day it was fucking good
show you guys when I get inside yeah I
just want to share this like sky with
you right now because it's so wild and I
mean you see cool sunsets here but this
red is something else the sky is like
the ocean like with all those waves it's
pretty wild Marvel and I are hanging out
out front me growls and all the dogs
that walk by like a nice boy Marvel s
that night everyone's like what's that
baby growling it I don't think to a baby
they're laughing at you man knows well
be nice school
y'okay sorry I'm listening to a book
we're sponsored by audible this week in
the podcast so I'm trying it out it's
fucking awesome I promise you I would
show you is teaching your soul oh sorry
that all right it's in the fridge now
this is what we're looking like for the
tea tea masala it's so good is my first
go at ever making any sort of taking
this all let alone in a slow cooker and
uh it's not only like really really
tasty and stuff uh and I made a really
spicy too which is awesome it's
relatively healthy I used nonfat Greek
yogurt for it and just a little bit of
coconut milk it came out pretty great so
I'm pumped about that I just prepared
the podcast room
we're actually rocking the wide lens
this week because three people are going
to be on it and it's kind of hard to
squeeze everyone in on the stock lines
so I switched everything around move the
lights in there go I'll set up looking
nice and ready to go Josh will be here
in about an hour and then we'll get cast
in I'm pumped it should be fun good day
so far and I'm gonna listen to my book
now okay so we finished the podcast Josh
was great the pod dress is great you
guys haven't seen it yet it's worth
checking out if you have some time so
we're kinda just winding down for the
night I'm going to be picking you guys
up in the morning that sounded dad out
I'm going to be picking the vlog camera
up in the morning finish blog tomorrow
we're doing some stuff tomorrow that I
can't necessarily blog but I will
eventually tell you about my experience
of what we're doing tomorrow it's
getting close to 1:00 a.m. still waiting
for the podcast to upload but I just
want to get on here let you guys know
the podcast is good and we're just kind
of chilling now see you guys in morning
good morning guys
I just got out of the shower we're
getting ready to go to do this thing
today I had mentioned yesterday that
we're doing a thing today I can't talk
about which I hate doing that because
hey I want to show you everything I do
and be it's annoying when I say that so
sorry and then when we're back we don't
have much going on except I think I'm
going to get dinner with my mom I
haven't seen her in a bit so we are
going to grab dinner
I believe and get some yeah you guessed
it we're gonna get sushi but yeah we're
just trying to get everything ready cuz
we had like less than an hour until we
leave and I'm debating whether or not I
should eat something I'm not very hungry
but how long we'll be gone I never know
dude don't look at me like that cuz
we're back from the secret mission
peachie missed me so I got pregnant with
her in my belly now um but I had some
lunch I mean they think sounds pretty
hungry I've been doing that it's like
late again and I've just been eating
late in the day we are we're chilling
back home we're kind of tired so I'm
gonna have a little downtime before I
head over to pick up my mom how you
doing lady she's looking up at me it's
so hot outside so we're staying inside
as much as they can
I was actually so impressed to me bit me
once I know so I'm just laying here with
peach and Jenna was talking about how
when she comes into the bedroom and I'm
already asleep with peach how peach it
yes out ouch
geez you buggies so when I go into the
bedroom at night and they're already
sleeping teachers always laying on her
back like that and extruding and she
just like picks her happens like because
she doesn't lays on her back like this
but next to me yeah like she just flails
her body up but she tucked right up
against my side I mean it's such a queen
family we had to go do our thing today I
miss her so much
I always miss her I feel like so tired
but I don't know what to do know
sometimes I need to exciting things you
have like an adrenaline dump yeah you're
like I'm like I don't know if it's
better gonna fucking take a nap or just
trying to caffeinate my face off
but like your body's like responding to
being stressed you know this Queen
peachy don't move your face you look
adorable
hi cui he's smiling look at that smile
with a dead she looks like a seal like
she's not even real do you think like
when you put the camera in her face
straight on she has the dirtiest little
smile BG clean nice really I never told
the vlog my dream the other night I had
a dream that I was trying to take this
time-lapse but my time-lapse wasn't
working as a camera kept moving so I
looked out and I realized I didn't mount
the camera on a tripod i mounted it on
peaches head and she kept looking around
keep stay still you did tripod that's
the kind of shit I dream guys that means
you work a lot look I need to get my
head on my house I'm a little smiley
Queen what exists you eat is that see oh
my god I swear on my life if you watch
that back you'll see her go from normal
face to facers miles I know well cuz
when she's looking straight on and she
has that face it looks like she's just
like I smiley Queen it's like mom you're
such a goon stop
foul regarding me just stop and stop
boring me after therapy I Little Pony
Queen thank you honey
TJ taking this selfie bTW you're taking
a selfie are you taking a selfie oh good
so are you gonna use good up angle
mmm-hmm damn mister good nap what's up
amazing I hate her realized hugs also
was until I like got home and sat down
but weary beached when asked for about
an hour hour and a half and I'm off to
dinner now to go see my mom so come with
me to dinner and watch me hang out with
my mom any great sushi I'm sure she'll
say hi that'll be back later and in for
the night but I feel definitely a little
reenergize after that nap so I'm torn
after the way I'm with my mom here
remember my mom
her and we went to this restaurant that
normally has at least an hour way and
they don't take reservations but
naturally my mom was just friends with a
server and so he got us in right away
but how you were friends with this guy
slacklining at the Santa Monica beach so
a mom goes down to the beach and rock
rinds like like I thought about some
guys slacklining in a park recently but
she does that and she's just like an
athlete she does all that and she ran in
here not very well I made friends with
him
and I suggested the restaurant tonight
and then I was like we'll wait an hour
cuz I want to go there and my mom was
like nope we'll walk right in and leave
everyone in the waiting room like so
pissed at us that's what happens when
you just make friends all the time
that's all my mom does yeah pretty cool
all right guys at a red light right now
so I'm not login driving I just want to
say I had a great dinner with my mom's
good to see her I'm headed back home to
the nest to the otter nest see my fam I
love you guys thank you for watching and
I'll see you tomorrow for the next vlog
all right later
you
