Hey
see
no police doing my hair
we're doing okay so we've got some
really cool zigzags whoa that looks so
cool it looks so weird ick all right
look okay get my masterpiece this is
exact it is exactly
oh my god holy shit holy looks all right
I'm fucking insane look at this it looks
good that's a masterpiece right there
yeah looks good duck thank you you're
welcome
for me this anymore I walk up please
what
it's very guys you everything yeah so I
got my hair did it's happening crazy
fleek
and I'm hanging with Barry it's a good
night and cut to the morning when I'm
hungover we're a walk right now well one
of us is I look like an insane person
with his hair
I kept it I slept with it and I kept it
and peach is up with me this morning she
needed a walk because she's being a
little wily and so we're taking a little
struggle but I have no shoes on I'm on a
fucking hoverboard and my hair is in
braids so you tell me who gives the
fucks in this situation the peach is
being very cute today
she's cute every day hey don't try to
hide in my shade yeah you HOT yeah well
we're just going on a little straw pull
me back home see what's going on today I
want to say good morning had a good time
last night
celebrated Jenna's birthday with our
friends and good peeps also Marvel's can
ride a skateboard now so there is that
so it's evening now delayed evening
pretty late but we've been watching face
off because we found there was a new
season so we got the season and we're
just watching it we're like having such
a chill like face off and chill oh we're
going to bubble that because it's gonna
spend about an hour and lush today
getting a bunch of stuff for Babs so
we're gonna have some more faceoff time
then we're gonna have a bubble bath I
told you guys no it was nice relaxing to
hand out as an extra non-fee night cuz
we're still kind of recovering from life
- fun last night he's good good time
with good friends right peach no not you
they're just the pet faceoff and chill
all right guys it's Sunday and we are
Sunday in Gaby and Jason told us they
didn't have internet so they could come
and Sunday with us Internet can you come
over and thank me out it took about 30
minutes and we were just like hey I'll
just start joking and son
naturally this is happening this is my
Bloody Mary
actually this is jab Bloody Mary except
with my touch on top it's a hybrid to
happen so I'm gonna drink this right now
and we have food on the way so happy
Sunday
another dark thank so maybe at the door
no bones of dork we're making these
Bloody Mary's right now with God's
recipe and we're putting like bacon and
olives on top and I texted Josh Elkins
who's our one of the former Epic Meal
Time guys he's a friend of mine he's in
town so I hit him up just to show him
the picture of Bloody Mary with a bacon
and he's coming over now so he's gonna
be here and we're gonna have some bacon
Bloody Mary's with literally one of the
like a few ball is also to snapchat I'll
put it in the description but the people
almost gotcha it's literally food porn
24/7 up it's like the most amazing tops
out of cows hopefully a Bloody Mary
lives up to food champ of snapchat the
job will be here soon and then we're
gonna keep stretching blame at sunup is
like a lazy Sunday and then we had a
Bloody Mary and then I sent the picture
of the Bloody Mary to this guy Josh okay
hi who's here in town I am in a plane or
a house josh is one of the former
amazing epic meal guys and now he's here
he's visiting in LA right now he doesn't
look very still Canadian but he came to
our house to enjoy blackberries with us
because I basically showed him a picture
of my Bloody Mary and he couldn't resist
I just want to say how could it be a
lazy Sunday the Bloody Mary you made had
chicken wings and bacon strips inside of
it that's not lazy knife it had chicken
wings and bacon well it had bacon and
then we ordered chicken my girls like
let's throw it on there - yeah if you
follow Josh on snapchat I'm gonna write
in the description I said already but he
puts little food porn in his snapchats
every single day you an egg sled around
it yeah it's just incredible excellent I
was like I could put bacon on this
hopefully he'll come over but I was like
you're waiting directed with like a fish
Jesus
I caught a Canadian fish today lucky
fell right to it karate
yeah that's a little Dicky in the
background as it's been all weekend
chasing the guys are so every Nancy does
is so good I love it it makes me feel
like a white guy can dance I mean all
right that's not that good fuck you know
fuck yeah
you guys are always looking for more
people who are vlogging every day trash
box so I'll link it in the description
you guys go check out hit me up
so we're still hanging out it's uh it's
fun night we're having a good time
Josh Oh kids left I think he's actually
gonna be on a podcast this week so
prepare for that right now we're gonna
prepare for a par Restorick Borba star
which is a periscope that chasey does
fabulous kinetic periscopes of all time
we're gonna do a periscope right now
Jenna and gabs are outside but I just
want to say hi I just got to the gym
right now and I'm going to do gym stuff
now but I wanted to say good morning
happy week to you guys I had fun
yesterday I was happy at Josh Elkins was
able to stop by I think you might be on
the podcast tonight which is any a lot
of fun but either way I'm just pumped
that we hung out because he's a cool
dude Emily emojis in a Gabi yesterday
too I'm gonna go get this workout in
feel better I'm gonna pick up the camera
a little bit when I get home then I'll
close the vlog out figured I'll just say
good morning pizza sauce all right
workouts finished back at my desk Serena
put the blog together but right now I'm
actually currently updating my Apple
watch software to OS 2 which I am so
excited for I've been waiting for this
ever since literally I got my Apple
watch because there were so many things
that I was like all right thanks fix
give me more features be better and
they're doing that now so that is
currently happening jenna is gonna run
off to a meeting in a couple minutes
because she's got to go do coffee for a
meeting and I'm gonna stay here and
prepare a couple things for the podcast
tonight I have some pre-production to
get done before we sit down in podcast
and I just clean the kitchen which I'm
pretty proud of because it was fucking
mess from yesterday but I had a great
weekend honestly we had a lot of time
with friends and overall it was just
like it was just one of those weekends
where we were kind of just unexpectedly
having fun the whole time starting off
on Friday Jenna's thing and all the way
through Sunday so it was great good
peeps for anything mentioned in this
vlog as usual it's in the description
below
you guys and I'll see you tomorrow for
the next vlog now if you have an Apple
watch go update your software what are
you doing I just kidding
you can do it everyone okay
you
