good morning to everyone I am preparing
myself for a bunch of things right now
as the day begins we have the streamys
tonight so there's a decent amount of
things that we have to accomplish before
we get picked up and head over the
Palladium for that award show I'm going
to be streamed on vh1 this year so I'm
assuming it's going to be a lot
different last year so it'll be
interesting to see right now I am
preparing and I workout drink
pre-workout drink that is because I'm
going to go to the gym for a little bit
and then when I'm back we have to I
actually don't even know what I'm
wearing I'm gonna probably figure out
something together Jenna's got to do the
same she got herself some stuff but um
like fully created the outfit yet so
we've got a good amount of stuff to get
done today Jenna has her radio show off
which is really nice and we planned this
because we knew the streamys was
happening so that's going to help her a
lot do I forgot something upstairs well
Rob said Jim I'll be back in a little
bit and start preparing for this award
show the best news about tonight is once
everything is over all we have is
Jenna's hope like birthday weekend that
we can finally celebrate and relax and
not have to worry about things so it'll
be nice but first I'm going to try to
grab this workout before the day gets
crazy alright back from the gym now and
we are on our way to being ready Jenna's
showered preparing herself to wear the
beautiful dress she's gonna wear tonight
gown dress on my oneness and now it's
time for I just ate lunch I had a nice
protein packed meal and I'm gonna go
upstairs and literally just decide on an
outfit I don't know what the fuck I'm
gonna wear but I know it should be nice
because it's an award show we looking at
people are gonna be just nice for the
same time it's the streamys not the
Oscars so tone it down a little bit
Julian with your thoughts that outfit I
don't know yeah so I'm gonna go get
ready and see how I end up I
know what's going to happen alright guys
I think I might have an outfit but
there's one problem the jacket I want to
wear is missing a button so I'm going to
go so button on
all right focus on comedy well you've
got a think I'm ready I think I got my
outfit so I sewed a button onto a jacket
they're maybe gonna wear whoa thank you
and then I start up on under a jacket
that I am gonna wear well then go I'm
even go my snapchat story is epic today
jen is just crying at her life right now
cuz you can't hear it too oh you got a
lot of work but look kill me with a
teeth whitening all right enough whining
on the wall
Jenna's presenting future financing
presenting presenting the future not the
future what I'm saying presenting bubble
gum woke up one single comma yeah you
should fuck up like a sentence with a
comma and then be like I just fucked up
some commas my comma you better do that
oh yeah I fucked up that corner future
and then everyone go nuts and then
everyone start chanting Jenna Jenna make
sure we go on and get booed off you'd
have to come back and say truth exactly
I'm presenting with days--or and Jojo
ours were black I don't know what it is
sucking everything else suck I just suck
okay we're on da way to DA streamys now
so after like 35 outfits I decided on a
black t-shirt
keep it simple trying to snapchat story
has been pure hell
let's see person ancestor is like a
whole day of just whining and screaming
it's like what roms used to
you want to show the vlog your your new
makeup style MOTD by Rome because I was
watching Lauren Curtis videos Oh Lauren
says where you put the sticky tape on
your you know it's like life-changing
it's not less I used to do that when I
go-go dance cuz we do like the extreme
like me yeah so I would always say it's
great for glitter - I'm pretty talking
about it
yeah he was table makeover day oops
streamys Eureka country in the streamys
I didn't walk the red carpet it was
playful
Jenna's doing some stuff for the show so
I'm writing with Octavia they can
practice but I got to see Ryan we got to
see Ryan we saw already
right now it's so funny I see all these
people in the red carbon where I watch
their blogs and stuff and I'm like too
scared to say hi to
that's like my life this is so nice they
got great
all right I had a good little long
here we go I see a Gina just one to work
and Gina's smash Jesse's head for the
fake los Ambrose was on TV so
social media means entertain an event
since past year have proven it can also
be used to provoke inspired and put a
camera in everyone's head and you level
playing field yeah goddamn yo here I go
again
I'm fully automatic when I pick up
but that be with a passion star welcome
to the music shop this thing ever that's
led by yours truly to inspire you to be
better safe
it's fly forever paint a picture and a
memory the book who makes still a fuse
the patience and energy a lot of trash
on track so let her win a spin
don't worry shorty yummy keep it brief
from getting
run after party we're gonna crash you
know cuz we're on
hopefully
so we're all turning it in this party
was happening but we went to the hotel
and Jesse and Jeana rescued us so we're
in there right now and Jesse just went
down to get Gina so we're in there I'm
alone right now
and planning out our next move because
we know what we're doing the party is
kind of insane to get upstairs which is
where it is they're not here and I'm
like we should fucking break before they
get back but I don't know what to do
guys
we should just kill Rome and then be
like it's a prank
okeyday Oh guys look at all this broken
glass what would happen if I just
Oh or if I just just cracked it with my
hand what would happen ah it's fake
glass Romans sugar hey you said a gym
after party for the
stay hungry like any
guess what guys I saw some people from
high school fucking weird
where's the W is Hollywood which I've
never been to really nice and people are
watching these everywhere
drinking luxury china they said our see
our beauties over there we watch her
shit I think these guys like each other
or something I need my food that I can
actually hamburgers
I'm starving in Rome is still Australian
guys we just got home from the streamys
it was a wonderful night and I'm not
gonna lie like I went into it thinking
okay here we go another award show like
I'm not huge on those things but I gotta
say it was just such a fun night we hung
out with Jesse and Jeana like the whole
night I love them so much I wish they
would finally just I can move here it's
the only get to see him every once in a
while but I got to see so many people
who I watch online or I'm friends with
and I never get to see and just it was
really a positive night and it couldn't
gone there like I had a great time
hanging out with so many people so thank
you to all those people for being you
guys thank you to everyone online create
awesome shit makes me a fan now we're
going to eat some food and head to bed
but I love you guys thank you for
watching the vlog and congrats to Jenna
for being nominated those Awards that's
so huge oh um team like skill tonight
yeah we had some criminal particular
okay I hope you guys have a wonderful
weekend we are going to be celebrating
Jenna's birthday this weekend so check
our staff Jeff out of course obviously
hope you guys will see on Tuesday hi hi
my sweet horn is 2 2 1 mmm left
