hey what's up guys today's Jenny's
birthday and I am at Party City early in
the morning I couldn't really sleep that
well so I woke up early she went to bed
later than me so I'm up I'm Adam I have
probably a couple hours to plan and do
some cool stuff to the house before she
wakes up so I'm getting some cool
birthday balloons and some decorations
and I'm like a happy birthday banner and
some candles and then I'm gonna stop at
Whole Foods to see if they had any sort
of vegan cake or a cake that she
wouldn't enjoy once I do that I'm gonna
head home and start to like clean up the
house and have everything kind of ready
for when she wakes up and hopefully I
will be able to get all this done before
she wakes up which I feel like I
probably can it's just gonna be a race
against time though all right guys I'm
at Whole Foods leaving right now and I
got the cake it's a vegan chocolate cake
like it's strawberry frosting looks
really good it's got some strawberries
on top so we'll get this home get the
house set up and hopefully have
everything ready by the time jenna wakes
on her wonderful special amazing 29th
birthday
she's already awake so I can't since
she's awake
yeah they're not going to be last was ah
that looks nice in your hand a it's so
pretty
you like it happy birthday I love you
looks really good on you
these are being naughty ruining all the
moments today from humans I mean you're
like a weird human alright well we can
do nothing now I just want to give you
that we can order food when you're ready
but when you want to xored I have a carb
or vegan cake go get get bought it
secret plication open super top super
super up plus it's called whole wet wet
where does it pause it
and there's two strawberries on top and
I got some cool candles too it's my
birthday
mm-hmm I like it under the otter ring
he's so cute under daughter yeah that's
nice peachy would you get your mom for
her birthday
not for a birthday was that things that
did derp I got my mom her tips hands
from a suitcase
oh good Sabbath came very birthday yeah
I got you and bite and learn clock for
your birthday he really did he like
scratched my face awake what a dick I
got my mom and the wake for her birthday
hmm well it's so beautiful it's not a
play way don't wanna be materialistic
but I feel very pleased by this ring as
steel material listen well you can get
back to your game though I'm on a planet
when she never started there's not gonna
be much of a surprise that he saw she's
up but I'm glad she liked the ring and
I'm excited that it's her birthday I've
been playing with these new snapchat
filters and I don't know how I feel
about them I think it's really weird
really weird fuck you Dale Dale did you
make this now have filters because fuck
you
yeah I got like we had said we're gonna
hang out and do precisely nothing today
because that's what she wants to do
we've candles for her cake we'll do that
later I think for now probably just
going to order some food yeah I know we
were joking that Kermit got Jenna awake
for her birthday but it's not the only
thing he got Jenna for her birthday
he decided that wasn't enough so while
he was sitting inside Jenna's shirt and
she was playing on their iPad he jumped
out and smashed this thing on the ground
why did you do that sir it's her
birthday you're supposed to give her
stuff not break her stuff hurry you
naughty it wasn't even anything there he
like jumped out of his shirt to go
barking something in there wasn't
anything there you were so bad and then
I tried to pick him up and he just
freaks out and starts like growling and
fighting is it cuz you know you're
guilty
coming here Dec trying to make this a
good day I'm not he's smiling at me the
food came birthday meal week before her
birthday she was like on my birthday I
just want to hold her veggie grill and
nothing else
Oh naughty you enjoying it little veggie
grill so I made this slow-cooked Santa
Fe chicken recipe today it's like a
big-ass pot of it because I wanted to
make it for a week and it's healthy and
I'm trying to you know eat it whatever
and I've gotten two bowls of it so far
it's really good but there's only one
person here who's more obsessed with it
than I am and it's peach she's in love
with the Santa Fe Chicken the slow cook
every time I bring it in here to eat she
stares at me the whole time and she's
not the type of dog who will completely
just like stalk me while I eat but she
loves this shit so much and so when I
was done with my first batch
lick the bowl because I do that
sometimes and then later on today I got
another serving for myself and then I
ran into the store really quick and as I
was at the store Jenna was in the other
room playing elder scrolls and she heard
peach like the jingling of the spoon
hitting the bowl and it was peach on top
of my desk like on my desk trying to eat
the santa fe chicken and now she's
licking my fingers even though I didn't
eat it with my fingers like she's
obsessed with it
and you see a chicken fan you like it
she's so goofy because she really won't
like obsess over all the food I eat but
right now she's doing exactly that she's
licking my pants peach there's no more
Santa Fe chicken it's gone it's gone
peace there's no more chicken for you
I'm so excited I have them put on real
clothes and having important my contacts
all day you deserve the famous your
special day no you are playing for like
30 hours I'm gonna save you
you're gonna help guys no okay happy
birthday to my everything happy birthday
to not your birthday happy birthday do
not my beautiful girlfriend happy happy
29th birthday I love you it's my last
year Tom Rowland old no she last you
until you're 30 that's for good-looking
cake for a good-looking birthday you all
kind boy yeah yeah blow it up sorry that
was my applause these are the balloons
by the way cute balloons there's all
been fun did you make a wish all right
let's get you a peace page excuse your
it's not your cake it tastes good
yeah you have a good day
chocolate strawberry vegan cake
excuse you and you excuse you - yeah
what peachy go with ham on the Santa Fe
chicken ball
those are just my scraps she was waiting
here the whole time while I ate well
we're just laying on the couch and
ending this happy happy birthday of
genna's I'd say it's been a pretty nice
day a little festive but also stayed
relaxed like Jenna wanted yeah yeah
we're gonna have some drinks and be a
little more birthday festive this
weekend fun but we did exactly what she
wanted today my peach anyway thank you
guys for watching I'll see you tomorrow
for the last vlog of the week
by that time we should be nice and
drinky and party because we gotta
celebrate so whole birthday week your
birthday's not over I was like my
favorite part of my birthday growing up
like it was like your birthday week you
know anyway this is your birthday week
peach get your ear out of my mouth All
Right see you later
