your games on the phone well I guess
we're gonna be doing this again
I asked you on Twitter your opinions of
my beard because it seems like no matter
what I do with my appearance
anytime hair grows on my face mass
outrage happens not quite as bad as the
mustache I'll give you guys that but I
think your give me your best shot I want
to see what you think of the beer okay
I've been working on this thing for I
don't even know how long but it I would
say it's the most committed I've ever
been to a beard so I'm proud of it so
I'm really excited to see what you guys
think of it good but not great off to a
great start ten out of ten would use
lift to ride again no idea what that
means
your beard makes me want to shout put
your hands up and shout it's the perfect
shape of the bottom half of an egg
that's just the shape of my face I don't
even know what that comment means looks
like a beard on a potato isn't I'm just
saying I look like a potato because if
the beard is the same on the potato the
only thing that's different is that it
looks like a potato that means I look
like a potato why is it gray what worst
beard in the history of beards mild and
encouraging when you eat too much
guacamole and then you become the
avocado what is happening right now
patchy but when paired with the tux cam
in certain lighting be deemed
sophisticated well first of all this is
just this is coma horror that's what
that is
why are those comas there they
absolutely should not be there second of
all thank you PewDiePie did it first and
better he does of a damn good fucking
beard and it wasn't a contest okay
there's been a lot of people who grew
beards before me doesn't make in a
contest looks like the hair you find in
your food at a restaurant yep almost
thick enough to hide my insecurities in
no I think it's thick enough light it on
fire
my beard would actually be incredibly
flammable right now because I just put a
bunch of beard oil in it if you or a
loved one has been diagnosed with
mesothelioma you may be entitled to the
financial compensation so what the fuck
right why do I even do this why do I I
don't even know why I do this this is my
decision do this and I chose to do it
again a thick snap solid four point
three two out of ten that's not solid
that's bad that's a failing grade four
point three two is below 50% it's not
solid pretty cool but also not really
completely contradictory Bethany this
seems to be like the theme of the beard
pretty cool but not really better with
glitter in it not entirely wrong I think
that was a kind of a cool look a glitter
beard it's just it's just kind of
magical it was an absolute fucking
nightmare to take off but it was magical
your location and come and catch these
hands don't walk like that don't walk
like that what do you think of my beer
time so do you love like wash it with
that amazing song I don't think my
opinion can fit in a tweet and I have
280 characters fuck that's like an
insult on two fronts I don't have 280
characters than you did and you can't
even treat my best thing I've seen with
280 characters is people tweeting like
complaints at me about things with
really long trouble
like they're really utilizing that
character limit just to complain what
beard that's not a pretty boy boy dad
you better watch it
sir twitch mods prove you're not my dad
my dad reminds me of my baseball coach
sure you say Yami because I didn't know
how to catch grounders okay thank you
know what sounds like your fault here
just stay down on the ball okay cover
that fire pole take it to the chest a
couple of times maybe the cheek I'd
block it and get it and get it the first
base throws up place I thought I hated
it but then Krishna Berger grew and even
worse beard so yeah that's true that's
like a double in you know what Marissa
stop it get some help
and speaking of Chris Bell Berger he
says it looks like you're doing a
cosplay of me put into that cosplay
Chris okay I'd rather not you'd rather
not tweet me your opinion kind of pubie
but like it's okay oh no okay what the
fuck is your avatar like what the shit
is that it looks like it gave up a long
time ago it doesn't make decisions it's
hair didn't give up either it's not good
Julian God why did you have to say my
name after just so time if it's
definitely there
this is better than Dana's beer really
and you love data it makes me want to
never have a beard is your profile pic
with Elijah get off
it's very voluminous it looks filled
with secrets oh it is I'm sorry how do
you know that's a lie you're asleep I
have officially converted you you just
saying to me 5,000 candles of the wind
unprovoked I love you marry me right now
marry me again I want to renew our vows
again we've renewed our vows like 14
times let's do it again just long enough
to show that you can grow one but not a
full beard contrary to what I have going
on right now since I love my big beer
quit rubbing it wait
he's on cloud nine a csgo player just
roasted my beard okay Jordan screw you
but if you're implying pub G just hit me
up slim but dumb thick you go games on
your phone what is that well I can't say
that I enjoyed this but thank you for
your honest opinions of my beard I kind
of enjoy the like roast my appearance
bit that we've been doing maybe well we
can figure out different ways to do this
other than beard and moustache because
that gives me hives thinking about
cleaning that hop all right well thank
you guys for watching
um the many of you guys want to see more
of these videos and I'll be back with
another vlog probably later this week
and you can catch us on Twitch my beard
will be on twitch push no TVs less Jimmy
Julian like every night almost
like all right all I'll provide you the
soundtrack okay all you do is pop your
pussy like this big fight oh shoot oh
now I'll use these pop pussy like
