we're at circular key right now we're
going to manly beach this is our last
day in city such a beautiful day out
it's like 75 Fahrenheit I don't know how
to translate that associate's but it's
beautiful out we're on a t-shirt of a
pine we're going to manly to like get
lunch and also there's this bar called
moonshines now what did you tweet it at
me about and it's basically a cider bar
they have a lot of spiders on the top so
we're gonna go there I like five well
we're gonna drop lunch at Manly Beach as
you probably tell around me it's packed
everywhere but it's such a beautiful day
out there's an elephant alright I'm
missing 30
oh there we go that's perfect you can
see the reflection of the Opera House
right behind me look
we're passing the Opera House right now
today yes get legs Opera House and
there's City over there family is so
nice we're just exploring around Jena
just want to put our foot in the water
it's like this is like a nice little
short getaway without having to go very
far so we get 30-minute ferry and I mean
it's packed but it's so nice and now
we're gonna find some lunch because
they're hungry
but it's a beautiful day like we
couldn't pick a better day during our
stay to come to Manley
we're walking around manly still we like
spent the whole day here and we were
like really enjoying it it's a lot of
fun like I said we're going to this bar
that has a lot of cider on tap they open
at 5:00 and it's 4:30 right now so we
are still kind of just like killing time
but we're gonna head that way now that
will probably be our last stop in Manly
for the day and then we're gonna head
back to Sydney and kind of get ourselves
ready we have an early flight in the
morning but I gotta say manly has been
such a nice like relaxation day for us
and we know a lot of people here just
like really funky I want to get some
cider now
we are to rest now shot
texts from AT&T
we begin texture making tea alterable on
that we've gone over our duh
we're waiting to get in moonshine
insider place because there's a function
in there going on for 15 minute we're
gonna go in so we're waiting to have
ciders the outsider this is one of my
coolest decorated place robbing a roofer
and so what literally just happened
party into energy so much of return out
my 8080 just suspended her account first
of all that's hilarious
second of all tell me what kind of
business plan that happened in Toronto
for Fanta to ATT we're just trying to
like music it says I can follow this
number
and the first side of the tribe with the
bartender's recommendation it's called
pills and it's fucking good it's like
dry it's print too little it's like you
see my me
they have 96 different types of rum in
his face
and we're really enjoying this place
because hey it's great but the one of
the managers were the guys who works
here Dan he came up to us and he said hi
and he's been so nice he's been getting
us
talking to us but he's been really nice
and everyone in this bars been just like
me and friends come say hi but they
stalked my snapshot which is always a
smart thing to do
yeah we're great time tomorrow
and their fireworks happen
but thank you my bear awesome her snap
shot I didn't dare anything yeah like I
dare you like I dare you
guys the trip is over and we're packing
right now late kind of Saturday night we
have a flight tomorrow morning we'll be
at the airport and headed back home but
it's been an incredible trip needless to
say as you guys have seen from the vlogs
and everything else it's been awesome
I've had an amazing time we had a really
great like last day today we went to
manly beach and we just had the time of
our life everyone was just so nice and
it was it was literally like the perfect
last day I don't know how else to put it
but we got a pack and get ready and I
want to close the vlog Jenny what say
goodbye you know we're both like sadly
but also really really excited to see
the dogs I love you guys thank you for
watching thank you for following this
trip on the vlogs thank you for always
watching my vlogs I'll see you guys back
at home tomorrow for the next vlog all
right
