we are in Sydney
check out behind me that's our view guys
so we landed about two hours ago got to
the hotel it's early in the morning we
rested a lot on a plane so we were just
so excited to be in Australia right now
we are unpacking our stuff really quick
and we're going to go to our favorite
breakfast spot Sydney this little cafe
in QV b or victoria building so we're
going to walk over there right now I'm
so excited I love Australia this is the
intersection that jenna loves there's
like five different ways you can walk
Jenna loves this one it's just you're
well it looks like madness but it works
really well we just arrived acuity which
is the best place ever this one is Q V B
this is our favorite cafe to come to for
flights at breakfast it's called Kiko's
these are the best flat white pepper
we come here every time
immediately immediately right when we
often play in
it's just like nowhere near American
hockey and so much better we're sitting
under heater we're sitting in qvb so
we're indoors but it's so cold and
there's a heater right up there and we
just grab a table Akiko's get our pies
over to our breakfast so we're getting
breakfast I'm going to cry to the cipa
this copy and almost burst into tears
you forget like how good the copy is
what do I drink every day
not copy friends Mississippi Airport
three years in a row they brought of
cheezles which we are they fitted a B in
Georgia right Abby was at the airport or
chizel there Georgie was properly in
school
Georgie's rolling school but Abby three
years in a row now she's met us at the
airport with chisels and this year she
preached easels for me so Thank You Abby
and you crushed that I made the entire
bag on the way to the hotel really good
like I did the hotel it's all good
so we're going to enjoy our flat white
sand on breakfast and then get more
cloud wipes to go this is the
gluten-free breakfast that they made for
me here it's on the menu
gluten-free bread then give you chill
I'm about to fuck up these commas so
hard right now
I'm on the floor we're in our hotel room
it's 1529 here in Sydney but it feels
way the fuck later so we're fighting
that jetlag you know how it is but we
went out exploring for a little while
and now we are kicking it rested up
probably need another flat light I've
only had two today there's this thing
tonight where we might go for drinks for
the fan fest event we might do that but
for now we are just hotel burning our
dicks off Sydney so beautiful I missed
this place
we had lunch little while ago so wanna
check in you guys know we're a lot when
you're fighting a jetlag valiantly he
has like my hat I don't know what these
are
it seemed really dysfunctional and
annoying but I like the Hat we just
ordered pizza because we don't know how
to eat we're out of town but the pizzas
gonna be here soon and then we're going
to eat it and then go to this little
party tonight it seems kind of like a
welcome drinks thing it's really early
it starts with like seven Jenna's on the
couch looking cute as ever cute as ever
or - my lady and Ron's going to come up
and eat with us look how clean I made
our makeshift dining table done and all
the pizza on and Ted's off is here za za
za za ok I see what we're working with
tonight that looks pretty damn good
alright we're gonna kill this pizza
right now but Rome's coming so go fuck
with her when she gets here damn it Dean
Dean why do you know to look the other
way every time room stop eating pizza
with a fork oh you guys love each other
feeling
waves that we were into the parina night
yeah with a full face of makeup that's
amazing it's a conk out gets the phone
oh that's what the court report I was
like with the fucker the course alright
perfect
you're wearing that let settled I'm
ready to fucking potty
fuck off Julian
that was weird foggy that was really
weird why'd you do that
this is the face of the trip it's a
personal burger face and p-side Nicolas
Shan does it all the time I said we're
at the cocktail babe yeah we're having
some drinks we're like loopy on the moon
tired but kind of surviving some huh
yeah that's my face yeah all wrong with
zero from oh my god that is fucking
awful the movie from try that try to out
low my I'm going to sleep now
Julian guys if you see my snapchat off
it's literally all just bothering wrong
I'm upset that the ones on the plane you
can't really see I know that you can
well you can but I want to tell you guys
you're drinking bohmers pitches the non
American version of manners which is
like the real cider and it's so fucking
good
it's so fucking it we haven't had
bombers I think since we were in Ireland
like two years ago and it's really good
you get a nice and it's just amazing
it's keeping me alive right now thanks
bombers yes it is this fucking mine it
was basically throwing it into my cups
all there I was take care thanks for
good morning guys we are up and I just
worked out for a little bit now I'm
headed down for a flat light so let's go
get some caffeine there's so many
Julian's hey Julian so I'm not spending
enough time in Australia to afford to
have any bad coffee so I'm going to the
place we went yesterday to get flat
whites because I know they've good it's
only a couple of blocks away but it's
nice and cool out so
coming from the valley where it's 114
degrees every day
Jesus Valley
got the copy we're all set going to
deliver at home Jenna still getting
ready because we have a walkthrough of
the event today so it's not anything we
have to be like dressed up or really
ready for it but it's just to get the
coordination into planning down it's
kind of a big event so we're going to
hit off that soon but let me get back
into the room close the vlog so I can
get this up for you guys and we have
them in green later probably fun we need
coffee
alright guys made it back to the room
and I'm going to change and start
preparing myself believe we have about
40 minutes so we're out the door but
like I said we're going to the YouTube
fit that's rehearsal which basically all
the talent has to go do like a
walkthrough of the show so we know
what's going on tomorrow when the show
happens so once we get that we'll have a
little bit of downtime and then we have
Jenna's be great
we usually along like three to four
hours it's going to be a good day busy
day and then tomorrow we have the actual
show so I'm a close blog right now and
you guys the rest our trip to Sydney in
the next vlog I'm glad I get to kind of
split it up for you guys so you don't
have to have one whole travel blog to
because I came here in the middle of the
week so thank you guys for watching and
I can't wait to see you guys in the meet
me today and also I can't wait to check
out the show tomorrow should be a lot of
fun
sorry guys time to give me one I'll see
you guys tomorrow
you
