hey guys we are back home and we are
already prepping for another trip so we
leave tonight at 7:00 for the airport
going to Sydney Australia wanna YouTube
FanFest so you're excited but we're also
stressed and kind of get everything
together so I figured today I can make a
vlog of kind of how we get ready for
trips especially on the heels of other
trips and when we're kind of running out
of time the way we kind of get things
done and the process we go through in
order to get ourselves on a plane and
successfully in another location today
is going to be exactly how we prepare
for our trip
obviously step 1 as step one and
everything remains the same is Kat the
fucking Nate
iced coffee today caffeinated first just
made a whole pot of coffee even though
it's just two of us because we are going
to need it we got home yesterday and it
had like a weird like nap chill day
where we like fell asleep and woke up
and fell asleep and then woke up at like
2:00 a.m. and it went back to sleep so
we're all that stuff but my flights at
10:00 and we want to stay up for like
five hours pass when we take off so we
can be on Australia time then we're
gonna do all of that in order to do
anything for me this so caffeine cafe
number one yeah I just wanted to call
you because I wanted you to know that
I'm going to Australia and then if I buy
something there you don't have to cancel
my car to me yes travel notice that's it
Thank You operator
representative professional custom hi
I'm trying to make an international plan
for myself I'm going to Australia
tonight for a week
is Julian there this is what my desk
looks like when I'm traveling because
this is the jumbled kind of clusterfuck
of getting everything charged at once
all this shit over here is just kind of
last-minute battery charging for my
cameras and stuff and so naturally when
I'm traveling I can't really think
really well because what my desk is
crazy
I don't know what's going on so I'm
going to try to unpack while also
packing my backpack because my backpack
is still kind of full from the trip to
Duke but I also need to change some
things to make it fit for Australia so
once everything is charged I'm gonna
pack all my electronics up get that
ready to go and then move on to packing
my clothes which I'm least looking
forward to here she is
there's the growing beach I don't even
care if you distract me today I don't
want to leave you I hate leaving her at
least we got to have one sleep with him
before we go out of the country this is
the next thing we have to do perhaps the
most tedious
we can't be smelling up another country
next thing they have to do is feed
ourselves and feed our pets we're out of
dog food that's what we need to get and
we need to get our human food here today
if you want help and get ready thanks a
lot thank you alright I got some food
for lunch got the dogs a giant new bag
of food that should last them a little
while in the back of my mind I was
hoping I could get a workout in today
but I feel like I still have too much
stuff to do yeah I'm making them how we
get ready for penny freak out all day we
do we just freak out but we're finally
like awake and we were like such a mess
yesterday but we feel good and just to
answer you yes I have a white paper in
my mouth okey deal next thing you want
to do is download some really trashy TV
this is the UK version of Jersey Shore
of course it was recommended to me by
the one who watches UK TV which is Rome
she watched it all flight long for Duke
and she was like it's really funny
sometimes I'm gonna not want to get work
done and do actual important things on
the plane I want to just zone out so
that's what this is for
shitty foreign reality TV you're welcome
fuck you do all right guys now against
all odds I think I'm gonna try to
squeeze in like a little short workout
just because it will make me feel better
it will relax me and I won't feel as
useless and lazy when I'm on the plane
one of the things I really enjoy is is
like getting sore and working out my
body before I'm sitting for a long time
so since we're gonna be on a long flight
I'm gonna be thankful later that I did
any sort of physical activity so I'm
going to do a quick workout at home
because I'm not gonna leave and then it
is packed packing fuck you Dale
sometimes you gotta bleed nah but surely
I even have a soul but it's like someone
to come around but it takes someone to
come around
sometimes you gotta bleed enough bitch I
even have a soul
what it takes someone to come around but
it's like someone to come around
next step is eat this delicious ball of
Chipotle while I watch an episode of The
Office probably just a third of it
though taking a quick break from
everything I'm doing to eat some food
and then it's back to getting ready but
fuel is so important don't forget it
Dale forgets it don't forget it so my
old iPad is not downloading fast I think
this has been going for hours I guess it
just doesn't want me to watch that which
I understand I understand iPad look I'm
a silhouette of myself whoo
I'm a ghost because vloggy doesn't know
how to bow kiss thank you blogging I
just checked for my laundry and it turns
out my lovely girlfriend brought my
laundry upstairs like the goddess and
sink but she is you brought my clothes
upstairs well that's so sweet thank you
well hello lady lady you love the
laundry they love the hotline pinkie
love the hot laundry wave your arm if
you like the hot laundry I'm gonna miss
her
are you spacing out yeah you were
looking at the wall for like two minutes
she hurts my heart cause she's a tear in
my heart
all right so legit like halfway packed I
have nearly everything in there and then
here's outerwear with my top kit right
there and maybe some supplements from
this drawer right there and really any
other like last-minute things that I
remember we're taken down like it's
three hours till pickup and days kind of
closing in on us so we're getting down
to it and I'm gonna close the vlog in
just a second but not quite yet cuz I'm
gonna give you guys the best log they
can possibly give you before I leave the
country
Herman even a special boy since we've
been back on you've been special yeah so
sweet he's gonna please don't fucking
leave all right well it's time to really
kind of finish and get ready to go so I
gotta close the vlog but I love you guys
thank you for watching thank you for
bearing with me I will be uploading
tomorrow and Friday I just don't know
exactly the times because we're 17 hours
ahead in Australia so I might not be
exactly normal time but the vlogs will
be up and I will be snapchatting the
trip as well I love you guys and I'll
see you guys tomorrow in Australia all
right
