oh my god guys right as I was pulling
out the camera to start vlogging I'm
third in line and turn lane and the guy
second in line just bolted to make the
turn before the guy in front of him went
I think we all might die anyway good
morning I'm almost at the gym and I'm
about a park she's got to find a spot
park my car and get my body in the
freaking gym it's early but not as early
as yesterday it's before 10:00 still so
I am gonna get this workout in and then
head over to Jason's new place and help
him move but I just want to say hi to
you guys real quick before I start my
workout happy Friday
I love you guys and I'll see you in a
bit finish the workout got a nice fresh
made shake I don't know if you guys go
to a gym where they have like a little
shop and they can make you protein stuff
on the spot kind of nice I prefer it to
like a muscle milk because you can see
exactly what's in it there's not a whole
bunch of shit in it anyway good workout
I finished on time surprisingly which is
good but now I'm headed over to Jason's
to help him move I use these Bluetooth
earbuds when I workout and it's great
because I don't have to have my phone
like attached I can just leave it in my
bag but it sucks because it died halfway
through my workout and then I was like
Tyler and Joshua how am I supposed to
finish this workout by myself
but seriously solid workout can't
recover then I'm gonna head over to see
Sully to haul some cube I've been
captured guys I need you to free me
hashtag Fremont Julian from the moving
truck they stuck me back here now I'm
like an animal guys I'm in a couch
sandwich right now I'm in the back isn't
the we truck but it's not moving trucks
just a van
and we're only going a couple blocks and
we're going on the side streets right
Jason side streets safe streets safe
streets yeah so don't don't tell me how
dangerous it is
I already know my risks but it's
actually kind of comfortable and if
anything happens all I just I just get
squished by couch pillows so well good
right Arnold cushions all around you in
addition to her
you're probably safer than us right now
yeah sorry guys they're out there unsafe
pray for them but we did the hardest
part we loaded the couches into this van
now we're gonna bring him to the big
place so we just finished moving all the
big couches for Jason and uh I am headed
back home he cut me he let me go because
I just got a whole bunch to do and he
really only needed some like heavy-duty
help with those couches but we got that
done that is awesome now I'm going to my
car and headed back home I'm pretty
hungry so I'm gonna get some lunch soon
and then we gotta start packing and I
gotta prepare for the night and
facilitate Jenna's radio show but uh
solid moving day got a ton I'm back home
with my goal keep my goal are you doing
going little legs a lot when she does
that her legs
so cute I want to have a little moment
please okay because I'm not gonna see
you for like a whole weekend and then
another whole week and I'm gonna miss
you so I'd like to ask you what will you
be doing falling on your lack of
response is making me concerned you can
destroy the whole house lady she just
like peddling alone no I'm not gonna
leave on not gonna leave you alone I
will love you until you loved me back
you guys are really capture your dogs
and make them love you because they're
just playing or something and all they
want to do is be dogs and all you want
to do is love them and love them and
love them and get kisses and hugs and
dog love so I finally ate some food I
feel like completely reenergized I was
hungry because I had like a workout and
then all I had was a sick protein so I
needed some food we have about one hour
until we record Jenna's radio show then
I'll probably start packing and I told
you guys a little bit but tonight I'm
going to target for the midnight release
of the Star Wars Force awakens toy
collection I'm doing like a snatch up
then kind of like I did over at d23 it
should be really fun I'm really excited
so I'll be on snapchat tonight that's
what I'm gonna be doing tonight so I
have to prepare everything for the trip
in advance
I'm gonna try my best to just put
together this vlog for you before I head
out tonight well peach eats a toy that
she stole on top of a rug that she stole
this rug was in the office and she took
it I saw her take it into this room
you're eating stolen goods on stolen
goods thief good girl you keep the fan
of a thief what did you do peach I
wanted you to come here so she would
have me so she was running on the tile
and she just like slipped her whole box
I heard it it was like a thump look what
I got I stole it
I stole it sit speak speak good girl are
you the second youngest girl in the
house hmm I just kidding you're a boy
so little fun story about marble so me
and marble were cuddling on the couch
and I was watching videos on my phone so
my phone was like propped up so I could
lay down while I watched and I was
falling asleep and I let my phone drop
and it hit him neither
freaked out it was like I'm sorry I fell
asleep but he like acted like an entire
like wall crashed on him which honestly
probably would have felt like that I'm
sorry buddy and then he would never cut
it with me because he thought I did it
on purpose so I'm dressed up and ready
to go a couple hours early I'm gonna
leave in like three hours for this event
tonight
it's an Eagle Rock so it's a little dry
but I'm all dressed and dinner's coming
soon we hit order there tonight we have
time to make it we're almost there
we're almost on the flight in about 12
hours we will be picked up to be at the
airport and you guys will be watching
this vlog so just checking in letting
you guys know that we are cruising
getting gone also I want to show you
this someone's on this appeal box and it
is dope
it's a J with Jenna and me on it like a
bunch of cool different pictures we'll
be hanging that up somewhere in the
house because it's pretty freaking dope
thank you for sending so since I had the
option to order tonight I couldn't pass
up ordering that sushi and I'm so
excited that it's getting
soon I want to show you guys what it
looks like it's the most incredible
looking sushi it's so good it's so good
fuck you Dale why do you look so guilty
right now that when are you doing get up
before you can hear me
yeah you should eat some sushi I think
you should make Jenna try some sushi
tonight because it'll make her feel a
lot better because if you feel sick at
least you won't can stressed but it's
really good sushi so it's really good
sushi bad forecast for today is this
somebody that me fuck what all right how
much is the bike let's show it to her I
think she'll want it once we get it here
it is guys this is the sushi that I
dreamed about comes in a little white
box like that kind of like sugar fish
yes just like taste it that worried me
sick that took me an evil offal bread No
mon-star I will kick you round dinner is
done I don't know why that guy's looking
at me like that can you use chill
alright it was amazing good fuelled up
feeling good I'm gonna have to end the
vlog right now cuz I gotta head out soon
but I love you guys thank you so much
for watching all the time I'll see you
guys on Tuesday for the next Walker hope
you have a great weekend and I apologize
for the rather basic vlog today but
hopefully you understand we're kind of
busy
peach do you have anything to say no
she's just winking at me thanks for
watching guys I'll see you on Tuesday
you
