package watch 2k15 still underway almost
8 o'clock and I'm up babysitting the
front door so I don't miss the package
again yeah I saw like 7 hours of sleep
so I'm feeling good it's come down to
these guys alright now it's 9 still no
package I'm keeping my ear really to the
ground by the way because I read
comments on my blog yesterday when I
talked about it of you guys saying that
sometimes FedEx will be sneaky and just
put the note on your door without even
trying to knock or anything because
they're behind on their schedule which
is super fucking shifty and I hate that
shit so I'm really hoping quick package
watch 2k15 yo as well but hope you guys
are having a good day today is video day
so we will be shooting
Jenna's Wednesday video and it may or
may not involve mock first things first
let's get this package and then I think
I might run to the grocery store again
because I need eggs or I could just make
a breakfast sandwich I could do that
that would save me a trip to the store
good idea guys thanks for them all right
so I got hungry and I decided to make
one of these breakfast sandwiches the
gluten-free ones that I just discovered
so see how it is it's solid it was a
good pick up nice I'm gonna try not to
eat ten well look who came damn she came
out a package wait for me right you
package waiting she's so warm and soft
in the mornings Milo and she just wakes
up she's just like so tired and floppy
no you had you had yeah alright so I'm
not gonna lie I'm like a little bit
frustrated right now
Saturday night I ordered overnight
shipping and it's Wednesday and it's two
hours past their SMAN delivery time so I
don't even know if saying to come today
it's not so much the product that I'm
waiting for it's more of just like the
fact that I can't order something and
have it come successfully I have enough
for a few hours now as you guys know
you've been hanging out with me
and I might go on a little ride on the
board stay relatively close to home okay
get here package now okay
would be great okay
things package okay bye package could
talk package it's so sunny out I wish
there was a way I could be outside while
not having to squint up and seriously
though it's a nice day outside and I
have a feeling the package is going to
come soon but then again I had a feeling
it was going to come two days ago so
package watch 2k15 still going it is
12:09 so let's get this going on today's
my rest day so I will not be working out
maybe I'll do like a mini workout
upstairs just to keep it moving but
hopefully Jenna's idea that includes
mock today is all set so you know once
we get going there's not too much prep
time we can just kind of get into it
which would be nice tomorrow is insanely
busy good morning friends you're looking
very majestic today
package watch 2k15 is finally over it
got here at 12:48 almost 1300 hours it's
a good thing I was up since 7:30 that
way before because if I had slept in it
would've come at 7:30 that's just how it
works
got the package new sunglasses I guess I
should show you what they look like on
my face because you guys have been
waiting with me too
you deserve to see what my sunglasses
look like although you'll probably see
them in every other vlog from now forth
so I break these thank you FedEx for not
completely failing and I appreciate you
bringing it who's texting me by the way
this is package watch okay I see you so
was this okay I see you sunglasses
give me these glasses yo woo okay I'm
feeling these baby see these are like
the most similar to the ones they had
set these are like not five dollars so
I'm pumped new glasses package watch has
revitalized my spirit today aha a peach
what do you think of Daddy's new
sunglasses you like on your you like
um-hmm you like some to package watch
it's over
well you're on camera from millisecond
I'm gonna be wearing makeup for mock so
if I have a little bit of makeup on my
face for their support
that's why okay what is it what is it I
will make up to up mock is coming out
already issues she's a hundred percent
taking over my life
yeah champagnes my spirit animal okie
Dale so this is still my blog because
now I'm mocking I have to remember that
I'm not mock but yeah we're gonna go
downstairs
so we're vlogging and makeup we're gonna
go downstairs and shoot the video I'm
gonna make Jen's face off those mock and
then I'm gonna be done being muck what
are you looking at me like that you're
welcome for styling you Julian
Jenna styled me she got me this weird
thing in this weird yeah a lot of people
think that Julian is just some people
mock genius they know that you stepped
into my closet unwilling to do and I
give them everything to wear that's how
I help you pick out colors for you make
up your necklaces and shred yes healthy
but that's not voices me is not here
what did I say I said keep this straight
classic no judgment general like that if
I was mock you'd be floored fuck get
some culture this is from India benefit
plenty of culture a bunch of falling
so this is the aftermath
I was just mock for about an hour and a
half does the longest that's ever
happened
we finished Jenna's video and I need to
get this makeup off my face somehow
otherwise I'm gonna see so many
screenshots of this tomorrow
fuck alright makeup off my face and then
editing and dinner guys my eyes are
still irritated every time I put makeup
on my eyes like getting it off is such a
pain I don't know what it is I could not
be a girl or someone who wears makeup
regularly but Jenna's ending her video
I'm editing a bunch of stuff on my
computer like I said tomorrow's path in
the morning I'm training right
that I'm going straight to Jason's place
to help him move because he's moving so
I'm gonna go help him with that for a
few hours and Jenna's gotta do her radio
show and then we are going to try we're
not sure but we're gonna try to shoot
one of Jenna's videos ahead of time if
we can't do a walk do it when we get
back from Duke before Australia we also
have to pack because we leave Friday so
it's a lot of stuff but it'll be all
good feel like we had really productive
day today honestly even though I spent
like more than three hours waiting for a
package but package watch 2k15 has come
to a close and I got my sunglasses so
all is good come in did you come
you look electric with the blue light on
you
peachy you've been my little vlog buddy
this week yeah I love you lady
that's peachy with the blue light from
the hoverboard really cute PG man but I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog today and
I hope you guys enjoy Jenna's video Mach
pretty much took charge of that which
was really cool Mach has a couple other
videos coming your way too on our
channel so if you're into that you can
check that out also every time I look at
the crock pot now I just want to eat
something out of it like I just
associate that pork with it that we had
and so now it's like I just get hungry
every time I see the crock pot feed me
now please
thank you I love you guys and see you
guys tomorrow for the last vlog of the
week and I will be blogging our trip
this weekend vlog all the trips we take
so don't worry you'll see everything we
do but yeah see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching alright
