every way bad girl
if we wait good morning friends I hope
your day is going really well I am on my
way to the gym and then I got a bunch of
stuff to do today and some of which
involves going over the hill to the la
Santa Monica Beverly Hills area I have
to run a couple errands do a couple
things I'll take you with me I'm not
present in these glasses I know I know
you guys are probably just like what's
on his face right now I ordered some
real glasses because I really just
wanted a pair to last like the ones that
just broke and they were supposed to
come yesterday they didn't come
yesterday and they were supposed to come
today and then I wake up to a note on
the door that is like probably the most
frustrating thing ever I mean it's not
anyone's fault it's just I hate how that
system works I wish they would just
leave it but I guess I need to sign so
they're coming back later so hopefully
we grab it it's just a pair of
sunglasses so it does even matter
insignificant not going to give that
issue more power than it deserves my day
will be fine without it but like I said
I'm going to move around some heavy
stuff hop on the freeway and head to the
next town over for a couple of things
also I randomly like ordered sushi last
night on post nights and it was
incredible sushi I don't know why I'm
talking about now because they're still
thinking about it it was such an amazing
order of sushi but the quality was
unreal that I'm still thinking about I
thought about all my I'll I kept waking
up thinking about the sushi god what is
my life this is where I am right now I
had to run an errand in
really Hills but I am finished coming
back to my car right now and headed back
home gonna take care of some stuff at
the house and I might run out for a
couple more errands honestly cuz I have
so much to get done before this weekend
and next week but I'm glad I got one
thing done so back to the valley just a
quick note guys as I mount vlog II on
the - hopefully blog he doesn't keep
nodding at me like last night I'm doing
something right now that I would tell
you but because of one certain person
that I know will watch this vlog I
cannot see will find out at a later date
what I'm doing today but it's just one
of the things I'm doing so yeah super
top secret stuff going on here guys grab
some dinner stuff
three like little to no food in the
house
we're going to make some good dinner
makes an enchilada cat
so I got stuff for that I went it
possibly the worst time in ever go to
the grocery store clink when everyone's
hungry and just getting off work
that's really trying to get everything
they need for dinner that's when I went
to the grocery store
so probably going to times it better but
then again fuck it I got it done all my
stuff is in here oh and I discovered
that booties that gluten-free brand is
now selling gluten-free breakfast
sandwiches which is massive and it's
something that I've missed out on for
years and I'm super psyched to try so I
got a box I'll probably charm tomorrow
I'll let you guys know how it is all
right well thanks for keeping me company
and grocery shopping
kisses best cuz I just stepped outside
to take a little ride and I saw a
squirrel get this close to being just
completely nailed by a car like no Fox
Island squirrel just completely by the
skin of his tail I couldn't believe he
made it but yeah I'm just it's such a
nice time of day so I wanted to get out
and just get a little breeze get a
little exercise
alright guys exercise that's what this
is we were in Big Bear with Gabby and
Jason and we had this giant dinner and
right after we went for a walk on the
hoverboards and I think all right time
to burn off all those calories on the
hoverboard the fucking I'm not looking
for an exercise right now I worked out
this morning and I'm saying I just put
the enchilada casserole in the oven and
it was really easy to make and the only
reason I'm not putting it on JJ's
kitchen is because
we made an enchilada fake that was
really sick sky looks crazy right now
this would be a dope-ass time lab Co but
anyway I'm also outside because I'm
expecting a package today my sunglasses
like I said earlier I called FedEx and
they said they were going to come by
around 6:00 again yeah I want my
sunglasses because the the ones that
were left Amazon for like three dollars
they keep falling off my head they're
like not made for a human who do you
make these sunglasses for you guys suck
damn it Julian haha Lissa Jenna Julian
go give two first names
thanks pretty mama your face interviews
me
OOP gotta do it damn girl that looks
good
alright so it's nothing clean it's like
an enchilada but it's fucking smells
amazing Jenna you excited for the
enchilada you're gonna be on camera she
hates my fault
alright time to eat please look don't
this talk I'm Anne Calvert oh you just
put your butt on my shoulder
peachy where are your manners where are
your manners
well you didn't good buy my forgiveness
with kisses oh you can that's how it
works in Kermit no vlogging says Corman
no more come on a fuck you let me walk
you are you bird peach is the weirdest
habits she just comes up in the sits on
my shoulder like this she really cute
I'll even care what else does she do oh
yeah she chews up fucking quark then
tell me have champagne or anything with
a cork she fucking takes that shit and
destroys it Noddy who would've thought
the squad would be the increment and
then peachy and marble look at them
they're totally squatting on over that
peach anyway we just need a really good
dinner
now I'm relaxing wait outside for my
package to get here so I'll be waiting
on in the morning
what exactly trying to do in a peach let
me get under
thank you but you get so cute so cute
he just flops around and kisses
everything her personality really is
like one of the cutest like loving
personality she's a lover alright guys I
am winding down for the night putting a
blog together and getting some other
stuff in order before bed before sleep
tonight only three more sleeps until we
leave for Duke University so it is
crunch time but I love you guys thank
you for watching and I'll see you
tomorrow for next vlog
I love you Jenna
you
