what's up guys
finally a red light are you guys ever
driving and you really need to send a
text or for my case huh
blog and you're like desperate for a red
light and you don't get one but the rest
of the time you don't want red light so
you get him anyway I am on my way to LAX
right now to pick up a friend Keaton I
met Keaton for the first time in person
at VidCon but we have been communicating
in you know Internet friends if you will
for a little while before that and he's
coming to town this weekend saw on
Punk'd we're gonna hang out so I'm going
to pick him up from the airport right
now and we're gonna grab some dinner to
wait out traffic at one of my favorite
Mexican spots over by that area which is
really fucking good it is hot as shit it
just so it feels like Vegas guys what's
up guys I'm with Keaton he already told
to get off them so we abided by the
rules but I wanted to show you guys what
I'm doing right now so I showed you guys
the whiskey video on my second channel a
little while ago and one of you
commented saying I should do it again
with good whiskey an agent until I had a
million subscribers I thought that was
like a fun festive kind of idea so I got
some nice whiskey because I wanted to
honor that idea so I'm gonna go home and
start eating this in my home barrel
until I hit a million subs and if I
never in a million subs it will sit the
barrel forever so we will see but I find
that I will not be touching this for one
so guys something incredibly unfortunate
happened this morning
I discovered this habit they're my
favorite glasses member for like 10
bucks and this place the Buffalo
Exchange like a long time ago and I've
gone back multiple times to try to find
extra Paris even before they broke but
they didn't because they're very popular
apparently so I just went there and I
bought these which are metal and weird
there we go
see I look so fucking weird right now
Keaney are just kind of adventuring
around today we pay to pull a tried to
find sunglasses didn't really work made
a couple other stops and now we are
gonna go to Home Depot to get a couple
things but it's hot as fuck out right
now and we're just trying to survive
right Keaton do you I can't live in here
laughs eagerly we're in Africa but
Julian calls it oh yeah it's hot also
guys okay so you know that I broke these
I can't wear those new ones but we're
gonna go get some fucking Starbucks and
cap knee and then go on adventures okay
let's go I got these knockoffs from
Amazon delivered and it's the next day
so we're gonna go out and adventure a
little bit and be back for the VMAs so
because we really wanna watch that I
want to watch 21 pilots that's really
the only reason I'm watching Sunday
Adventure see what's happening and bring
back some food and be back for a VMAs
went up to Bel Air I don't know why
trying to get some cool shots up here
but then we're gonna head back home
because the VMAs are starting soon in
Justin Bieber and everyone also I
thought I just lost my hairband
but I this giant headband like 50 times
but then it turned out it was like right
near me can I have it that's terrifying
when you think you lose your hairband
and you're like out in the place alright
guys were watching the VMAs why is
Marishka in the back we put the Queen
near the other queen and move sway I
can't see detective Benson there she is
she has this shit I can't see someone's
fucking around the sound booth I would
just like to say that 21 pilots is my
life and I enjoyed that very much full
of you 21 pilots
fuck you Dale where's the Queenie peach
there's the Queen
there's the green what are you doing
Queen you smell like fish have you been
eating fish damn we just got home from
working out and we are gonna have
full-blown podcast day as you guys know
we have a lot of travel coming up so we
are going to try and knock out two
podcasts today one for next week one for
this week and we're writing them out now
and getting things in order and getting
things done it's gonna be really busy
today really busy week we have a lot of
stuff to get done but it's gonna be
exciting because it's all good
going on the trip on Friday to Duke
University chad has gotten the parents
there and then we were going to
Australia the following week so it's
gonna be nuts gonna be crazy but like I
said that's always good and we're just
trying to compare so I'm hoping in a
shower cuz I'm filthy from working out
and Kermit's gonna keep eating his six
fish dog food house the six fish Kermit
it smells okay good podcast number one
is finished I really enjoyed that one
did you know Jenna really enlightened me
who on the first Kanye podcast and I
felt really excited to go back and do
this one and I'm happy you did I'm
interested to hear you guys have to say
about this podcast honestly but anyway
yeah we finished the first podcast it
was a great discussion one of our better
ones and they barked almost the whole
time so
we should figure out dinner I'm hungry
but we're gonna do another podcast in a
bit and then we'll put food in our face
at some point hi Kermit our bird friend
is still there I love you Debbie
yeah the eggshells on the ground so we
think her babies
I know she's really sad to look at she
just looks sad we're just leaving Target
we took a kind of late-night run to get
a couple things I wanted a lightsaber
but I couldn't find one I had to use my
chip in my debit card
which have literally never done in this
country I did it for the first time we
move into Toronto and I thought it was
just Canada / Europe thing I like
totally didn't know what to do we were
getting poutine and I had to do it like
five times
yeah they got so mad but yeah I guess
that's happening in America huh which is
cool I don't mind it he's less work for
me I don't have to swipe you know just
freakin hold it in there the thing we
got a target is on these cups which are
so awesome they're like giant ass cups
and we always are like short on cups and
the only cups we have are like coffee
mugs not Julian's they're not Julian
size cups so we got more Julian sized
cups leave this it's a plastic mason jar
giant ass cup got to turn out
my buggies nodding at me what forgive
you love me you cheating fuck you I am
NOT
this is Bloggie talking oh he's dead I
got my Gillian sighs cop and I'm gonna
go to the office to edit some stuff
right now I got to put the podcast up
and into the blog busy day tomorrow I'll
catch you guys in the morning
I love you guys and thank you for
