we're gonna crock-pot what's up guys
yesterday you saw we got a new crock-pot
and I promised you a JJ's kitchen would
come today so here it is this is the
janitors kitchen today what are you
making Jenna jerk pork jerk pork yeah
sure
poor Jerry poor jerk pork I know and
Jenna's gonna help me film it first step
in making the jerk pork in the slow
cooker is marinate the pork get your
pour you gotta get your poke marinate it
for five hours or overnight we're gonna
do it for overnight because we always
find that marinating a little on that
longer end ends up in a better tasting
meat so three pounds of pork shoulder
and we are gonna take this out and we're
gonna put some things on and we will
show you let's go
so the recipe that we're gonna be making
from is from Gina's skinny recipes at
skinny taste calm Guinea taste calm and
the recipe is called slow cooks jerk
pork with Caribbean salsa there it is
so we're going to create all that we're
going to make this also ourselves so for
this recipe you will need three pounds
of pork shoulder blade roast six cloves
of garlic crushed two to three
tablespoons of Walker would jerk
seasoning if you can't find that one
another jerk seasoning will do we
couldn't find it Thomas
we found this one so we're gonna use a
different jerk seasoning half a
tablespoon of salt one lime squeezed
half a cup of fresh orange juice now
that is for the meat for the Caribbean
salsa thank you my sign language
interpreter interpreter interpreter Wow
hey guys I know sign language this is
growing and then this is dinosaur
this is hoverboard sorry for the
Caribbean salsa we need one Haas
avocados diced two large ripe mangoes
seated and coarsely chopped 1 and 1/2
tablespoon of red onion some fresh
cilantro lime juice and salt and pepper
to taste so the first step we are going
to do is cut a bunch of slits and holes
into the pork and fill it with some of
the crushed garlic so I would say maybe
like 10 to 15 slits well it says it says
that you're supposed to use half of the
garlic but in J&J kitchen there's no
rules when it comes to garlic use as
much as you want so I'm cutting
that you can actually get into a little
divots like that
so we're gonna remove all the fat and
stuff from it so that it's leaner than
I'm sure you could cook it like that's
no problem but we just want to make it a
little more lean all right so Julian has
taken off most of the fat a little bit
the fats okay so just take a scrubber
and it'll make it taste really good
anyway stuff this is some of the best
smelling meat that I've ever cut like
cutting meat that's raw has never smelt
this good and I've never really eaten
pork like this so yeah we use the pork
when you're growing up you sell a lot of
pork chops and stuff yeah we were never
a real pork family not very look
expensive it's pretty economical you
have people to feed we used to eat it
with apples cuz it goes really well with
pork all right so we have apparently
changed the strategy to just rubbing
garlic all over it since we love garlic
so much I mean we're getting it in the
holes but mostly just covering it with
God but you can see like there are
certain purposes that I really did fill
so it's nice and product up and this is
going to marinate very well yeah we got
the jerk seasoning it's about three
tablespoons of jerk seasoning and half a
teaspoon of salt yeah and then over here
we have orange juice and a lime and a
half squeeze just rub all of that into
the pork and then we're gonna pour the
orange juice and lime juice over it
you guys remember one of the first
videos I ever appeared in Jenna's was a
adventure blog you went to a place
called cha-cha-cha-cha Tech we're really
like can we get a chicken and beans of
the side of chicken and beans arises
yeah that that's what this tastes like
there's smells like at least Reiner
imagine how good this is going to look
with some mell playing in the background
Julian came into the other room the
other day go smell just drops a new song
and it's fun that's all Julian thinks
about background music it means a lot
makes the tone of the vlog okay little
messy but it's gonna be worth it so now
you're going to take the orange juice
and lime juice which you combined and
just pour it over there and then we
close it and marinate it overnight
smell that that smells incredible like
spicy sweet fruit oh yeah that's gonna
be good all right so now we are covering
it up
and we'll see you guys tomorrow let me
take it out of the fridge and begin slow
cooking it all day yeah we'll make the
mango salsa tomorrow
Oh cook it we'll make some rice excited
yeah see you guys in the morning the
moment of truth is here we are going to
put the marinated pork into the
crock-pot it is the next day and we're a
little late on it it shouldn't matter
because we're going to be cooking it all
day it just took the pork out of the
fridge and this is what we're looking at
completely rubbed and marinated there's
still some juice underneath it so we're
going to pour this whole thing including
the leftover marinade right into the
crock-pot turn it on low and cover it
all day long I'm psyched I'm not gonna
lie let's do this here we go
over the bad boy up all right so it has
begun our raw marinated jerk pork is
going to sit in the crock-pot
when we take it out we're going to take
it out and shred the pork and then put
it back in for a little bit so we'll
show you when we get there but I'm the
pork is officially cooking and I'm
psyched cuz we're using a crock-pot all
right now I'm hungry when's dinner gonna
be ready
all right now it's time for the salsa
for this also we need one avocado two
mangos some red onion cilantro lime and
some salt and pepper to taste so let's
get cracking on there
you
here is our final product for the salsa
it is as good and sweet as it looks it's
that type of salsa that's not normal
salt so it's got that sweetness from the
mango and the tankiness but it's also
got that bite a little bit from the red
onion it's so so good so I'm going to
try not to eat all this and in about 30
minutes we're going to take the pork out
of the slow cooker shred it up put it
back in for 15 minutes and while that's
happening this is going to go in the
fridge to cool off so we started at 1100
hours this morning that's about nine
hours 11 a.m. 1100 hours 1958 it's been
in here for nine hours are you excited
I'm so excited it's been making the
house smell amazing ready for the whip
ready oh my god that looks incredible so
you're gonna take it out and take it out
prolongs pan and then shred it take the
liquid save one cup look at that it's
like oh it's like polio got it yeah
holy shit it's like actually falling off
the bottom my goodness oh my god this is
incredible ladies living right now now
who are you I did not think it was gonna
be like butter liquids thanks girl Coco
oh my god this might be an amazing first
recipe did you make this hafsa you ain't
half bad you're like no you didn't know
I heard you in here blogging the salsa
why would I need a salsa Touche really
and like I'm getting worried that this
is not nearly enough food for you you
could eat all of this by yourself
yeah I could but I'm not trying to bulk
right now let's not be okay I'm always
trying to bulk look who it is
can you answer that while I do this
alright that's one cup mmm
back in there 15 minutes 15 minutes she
turned off the crock-pot
yeah all right here we go oh that looks
beautiful that looks incredible dang I'm
gonna take a bite for you but as usual
in JJ's kitchen as soon as the food is
done I'm like gonna run out of here and
eat the fuck out of it his in hurry
she's such a little button ah all right
let's take a bite on camera ready
Oh mom look it's working insane it's
like sweet and spicy and savory like I
matter if you have a picky kid that they
would even eat this you know this tastes
like some gourmet shit like we slow cook
this and it I can you can taste it in
every single bite
it's amazing get a slow cooker if you
don't have one if you do have one to do
this recipe I'm going to link it below
you guys are awesome thank you for
watching the vlog hope you guys have a
great weekend
if you enjoyed the JJ's kitchen we'll do
more well Chloe we're gonna go eat now
