hey what's up guys I'm in the podcast
room right now it's a little later on in
the day I forgot my vlog camera it was
kind of on purpose but then it was kind
of an accident that I forgot the camera
I was in the gym and then I met up with
Jason Sully to go get some cool
electronics we went to this place called
Fry's Electronics and it was the coolest
store I've ever been in like electronics
it was most like retro amazing giant it
had everything I didn't think any store
ever had so that was really fun and then
we got tacos so that was even more fun
cuz tacos now I'm just selling it at
home my Goyle friend jenna is still
getting ready for her video today and I
have a couple things to get done but I
want to check in with you guys and say
hello and I want to do it without having
to hold the camera since we had tripods
so welcome to that non handheld blogging
portion of the vlog I don't know cuz I'm
so excited we just got a package in the
mail which I'm opening dangerously as I
blog and it is our first ever crock-pot
open up we got a crock-pot it's so funny
Jenna's making a video today about
things that you get excited about when
you're an adult and this is precisely
that me getting excited that our
crock-pot game but we have been dying to
get a crock-pot for a while this is the
one we got it's silver and black brand
with the power cord but we have this
recipe we're going to cook and it's
going to be a Jane J's kitchen tomorrow
so you'll see that in tomorrow's vlog
for a JJ's kitchen our first recipe with
the crock-pot but I'm so excited it's
finally here I can't wait to tell Jenna
crock-pot
so I just finished filming the first
half of the Jameses kitchen that you
were going to see tomorrow and it's the
slow cooker recipe we're making it's
important to be dope but now I'm back to
today's vlog and I'm wearing the same
shirt so I'm sure tomorrow you'll notice
in the first half of the video I'll be
wearing the same shirt because I just
filmed it I wanted to show you guys this
thing so Jason gets some box he gets
Marvel collector Corps Secret Wars it's
this box he gets he's on a subscription
for and he got an extra one so he gave
me this stuff so now I have these
exclusive little bobbleheads this is the
Secret Wars Thor and then the secret war
spider-man which are sick and I got this
little Secret Wars comic and in his
shirt and I got this collector Corps hat
and this collector core pin and I'm
slowly getting more and more into like
nerdy culture if you will which is kind
of like huge now a little while ago
nerdy culture was very niche but now
it's so huge in mainstream I'm starting
to get into this stuff like I was
thinking of signing up for one of these
monthly boxes or something
I know youtubers unbox those things and
they have like bran deals for that and I
don't know how I would feel about that
but I guess let me know your thoughts I
mean if you care and know me to do that
let me know because I won't but if you
don't care and you want me to do that
shit I might just buy the subscription
anyway and just maybe not unbox it on
camera because I want this stuff but
yeah this stuff is really cool I'm not
going to take it out of the box though
because this is what keeps it worth
something
anyway I think I'm gonna take a shower
and then get Jenna's shot ready for her
video she's got all this stuff ready she
just needs to get her makeup hair done
and then we go to shoot you know when
you say you're gonna get some stuff done
and then you get distracted with like
five other things and then so much time
goes by hi that's my life but I finally
set up the shot this is what we're
looking like the old grab tripod and
then ring light bigger light camera mic
Jenna's chair paper for white balancing
and now I'm actually gonna go upstairs
and shower because I'm disgusting right
peach my disgusting peaches today
national dog day
sit yeah it's national dog day but
you're like everydays national dog day
because I matter all the time that's
right lady you matter all the time happy
national dog day mm-hmm about to take a
shower and you guys want to see my
shower routine because this is my shower
routine step one take off my clothes I
normally just say take off your clothes
so I don't get anything wet and then
open this and I walk in there
and I get really wet and I clean myself
with like my soap and stuff and then I
get out and I dry myself with a towel
and that's basically my shower routine
so thanks for watching this video
such an idiot I'm gonna shower really
quick and it's so echoey in here so I
mean oh I'm vlogging here Jenna will
sometimes say that I do things furiously
but what I think she means is that I do
them really fast and efficiently because
there's a shot with my two minutes I've
already dressed and I'm going back
downstairs I'm gonna start dinner
just like efficient that's what it is
it's quick hey Jesus like I was here you
know what you guys hanging out doing
that video how are you doing buddy you
guys are the greatest little trio I've
ever seen they shoot a video you know
this is what you guys will see hmm
so Jenna hasn't sat down ahead in her
video yet and I just imported the
footage for her so she hasn't added
anything so what I was thinking and
doing was like somewhere in here putting
a little subliminal Julian was here
title just for a second and hopefully
show doesn't notice it's being a little
smaller to talk about something at all
right guys you gotta look really closely
to talk about something as I've been
realizing all right so I put the title
in there it says Julian was here fuck
you Dale so I don't think she's gonna
notice I compounded the title into the
clip so she's not going to see the title
I guess I just semi troll prank I'm a
little bored right now honestly I got to
edit my vlog yeah I do a couple other
things and she is nowhere to be found so
I took took the liberty to add a nice
title in there I'm helping her okay I'll
stop
Tammi shows up what are you doing
Thank You Tommy I'm gonna sneak over
yelling in it no I had fun all right
I'll get gemstones
Julian was here fuck you Dale damn it
he's Steven how did you see that holiday
I made it so inconspicuous Julian I
wasn't gonna grab your neck I just
wanted to see if you notice that was why
I was filming you why did it get rid of
it no well I noticed it immediately get
rid of it again it's embedded in the
clip there's a little everything else
you're a real fucking conscience never
cooked it I'm not fine the fucking games
are on please what do you mean my shit
call somebody on YouTube me I can't can
you just um just make sure you change
Julie's jail all stops I don't
so if it is just us I don't know your
entire channels like the page it's
everything and you can only watch it is
upside down and if you're watching it on
a phone you're like geo seller ometer
whatever just keeps slipping up looking
you think it's all funny blood back
thank you
oh good night sweet prince hey all right
Peter my message in Gina's video
all right peak in peace it didn't die it
just went away there's a sneak peak of
what you're getting tomorrow all right
guys thank you so much for watching I'll
see you guys tomorrow for the last part
really I hope you had a great national
dog day oh you guys
