you just stepped over something we just
got home
Kermit got into the soap and he left a
trail of it all around the house lush
and his personal favorite the honors
permit we come on you have a soul party
you do did you have a so party this one
what's this one it's lush magic wand
all right guys the first magic wand from
lush comment dude what's this you had
some salt
yes this is only one but I don't have
him he like do you see the rapper behind
me like he opened it out of the pot is
that what you wanted what are you happy
Kermit did you want did you throw a so
party and not invite us
what weird so lush said me all of that
stuff it is something now I feel
embarrassed cuz ugly lush straight-up
called you out there like oh oh you know
you don't get stuff from lush how about
this box and then and then to make
everything even weirder peach was eating
packing peanuts out of the lunch box
what is our family about thank you much
you know lush called me out and now I
have all these best bones y'all come to
my bed it's gonna be bad booty call me
you're invited to the best legitimate
Lee what the is our entire family
what is that I suppose there could be
worse things that I had to clean up
right soap is nice and clean it smells
good I wasn't really planning a blonde
right now but sometimes that kind of
thing happens and you got it just you
gotta document it hey you stay sit sit
then you stay I'm gonna take peach other
room just to let her calm down
Mama's went to the dentist today this
was an appointment we made for him a
little while ago and we just picked him
up I am currently up on our balcony for
two reasons one is berserk and the other
reason is this look this is the reason I
need to keep peach a little bit away
from marbles for right now because she
loves you wild she gets really excited
when marbles is gone for a while and
comes back you know sometimes when he
goes through that she gets scared of the
smell regardless though she she can be a
little high energy and marbles is pretty
incapacitated right now we dropped him
off early this morning he was there all
day he went under anesthesia and got
three teeth taken out and the shitty
thing is he might have to get more out
it was kind of a whole thing but it was
not a fun day and it was you know it was
hard for Jenna it's hard for me too but
it's you know it's hard for hard for
Jenna it's her little guy I'm seeing
your dog get old and having to put him
under like that is it's really just no
fun so I just wanted to give you guys
kind of a quick update I'm gonna go back
down there in a couple minutes with
peach when she's calmed down and you
know let her say hi but this has kind of
been our day today it's pretty filthy up
here just noticing the only reason why
the Sun set is like this is because of
the fires going on all over LA seems
like LA cannot stay without a major fire
like summer even though it's towards the
end
flow is weird because they're
devastating and but when fires are just
like devastating homes and land and then
you look up in the sky and it just kind
of blows your mind
how it looks every time they're high
though I always wrap them in fuzzy
blanket comfort blanket or no blade
honey you're gonna do a burrito on this
excites me and you got some bottom ones
left in there too and a couple of molars
you can still eat the Greenies bowtie
yeah yeah you want me to make you a
pillow we're thinking we have to start
blending up his greenies now he's again
too
greeny paste I wonder if they sell
greenies for dogs I thought that defeats
the point of green yeah also side note
there was an ad posted in our vet on the
bulletin board for a company that's pays
your cats go on the go Jenna what was it
called
SP a why SH IP the spaceship a little
bit like you're just picturing a
spaceship running around spaying animals
we would we would get along I've been
getting allergic reactions to this one
like my skin's my skin's kind of like
when he licks me my skin's just like yo
fam could you not and I'm like yellow
fam could you not also but stop it more
less drunk yeah I'm gonna keep them on
the desk with me so he can stream then
let's see the setup when I used to work
in an office and they allowed me to
bring him with me to work or carry a
 way feel nice and say funny you
can be right next to me okay today we
are gonna scream now our regular Monday
stream although it seems like we're
shaming like every night now Jenna and
myself are going to run pop g-dubs
by the way a lot of you guys on the
podcast wonder why Jenna's mic is like
invisible and it's because for the
stream did it but I'm considering
undoing it because a lot of you guys
hate it on the podcast
