yeah I was I was just on a walk and I
look up and there was smoke so I figured
it was at least like a small fire but
then when I got to like the ridge and I
could see it it was like I saw flames I
saw trees on fire I saw embers it was
crazy good morning guys that was a CBS
reporter who's up in Big Bear and wants
to know stuff about the fire so they hit
me up and wanted to talk to me and now
they look at my video so helping the
news I am dressed up I'm on Team Blue
today and I'm going to the gym soon and
it's so excited I literally woke up
today and did some cleaning on the house
but then I got dressed and I was just
like super excited to hit the gym and
I'm so happy I feel that way because
that's always a good sign when I'm
excited to go to the gym it's like my
happy place things are good so yeah can
I help you with something
do you need something from me hi kirb
getting ready to leave cuz we got a
bunch of stuff to do today so
we're gonna see Jerome the other member
jerome the giant big rocks the stuffed
banana
that used to live in Jenna's place we
are going to the storage unit of all
Jenna's stuff and we're gonna move it to
a different storage unit filled with the
same stuff except the closer to our
house because we have been moved it
since we moved in almost a year so we
are going back to our old hood with a
truck in Rome and not Sarah map not to
you you don't get to come okay okay
alright I think these are thirsty today
I'm gonna move all the stuff into a
truck and then bring it all the way back
to our hood and then we move back into a
new search in it which will be nice
because now I'll have a place for some
of the stuff that's cluttering up the
house we're barely caffeinated did you
guys see last night I like I tweeted
from the podcast account at myself
looking good we had a really good talk
guys last night it was a conspiracy
theories part three which was really fun
we always loved those so Aladdin was
basically based 10,000 years in the
future
oh all right well we gotta go now
Oh cute Wow there were dogs with like
she took her dog to a Japanese groomer
we got the entire dog spray painted like
rainbows that's a kind of just kinda
walking by it's really cute maybe we'll
go she gave us the name of the groomer
so we might be taking marbles there just
turned them into a tiger
this is this storage unit if you guys
are gonna find their stuff or where it
used to be here what a creep oh it's
just like she's it's just Rome's hair
from last
are we just finished this ring can't be
trained I think it might be dribbling
right now we just finished loading the
truck and they're going to finish some
paperwork and it sounded really boring
solidly I'm gonna go to Starbucks cuz
there's Starbucks right down the street
and get some caffeine
nice hat why is there no a/c on this
lift
we're doing by Jerome by drop by drop
what is the commotion in here
what is the barking we're on a bike ride
beside it was nice out we wanted to go
on a little ride right now sir is
exploring some streets we never been on
and I got my stuff in case I want a time
lapse but it's like not too hot out
which is amazing because it's been so
unbearably hot right
it's like a nice breeze Oh people are
slacklining is that what that is
dang I want to try that my mom's black
lines that's just crazy
stop by this park and these guys are
slacklining over there yeah this
slackline probably like 20 yards from
tree to tree and then they have this
other one that's like 60 70 yards but
it's way high up I don't know what it's
for
they're definitely not walking on that
right these guys over here the ones are
slacklining and they have a line set up
between these two trees but then right
here it's like above their heads like
eight feet tall goes all the way across
to that tree which I have no idea what
that's for but it's really cool
I'm gonna go bike ride I love your bike
sweet all right it was nice we're gonna
hop back on the bikes and head home now
it's almost evening and digitize which
means it's sushi time I'm going to meet
that for some sushi tonight for dinner
because we both love sushi and so
grab some sushi because you guys know
how I don't normally gets eat it as we
are in kind of an on fish household you
if I really wanted I'll get
yeah we're gonna go to one of our
favorite spots over where he is
like so we gotta get home and change up
and get ready right before I get my car
I'll vlog really quick but I just had a
great time with Matt and we had dinner
we had sushi we ate a lot probably too
much and then I went back to his house
for a drink and hung out and I was
getting it was good hanging out with him
I hadn't really spent too much time
one-on-one with Matt before this so it
was nice I'm getting my car and headed
back to the valley now this toy store
right here it's called Starr toys that
is a toy store I went to when I was a
kid all the time it was like Disneyland
to me I went to start oiss like when I
was good I went to start her when I got
to have like a good like gift from my
parents and it's still there it had the
best toys like the best cool shit sorry
I'm gonna stop farting but yeah star
choice you know he closed the blog you
said you were gonna close a blog there
we go there we go I can't do this alone
I need my wing lady all right guys so
I'm back home reunited with a little
lady and you all right you slipping
around I'm gonna sit down and put this
bark together it's a little late but I
had a blast like I said with not such a
great guy and yeah that's good day good
day productive day fun good food good
bike ride but that's that's it for the
vlog thank you guys so much for watching
continuously day in and day out clicking
on the videos and waking up spending
time with me every morning means a lot
thanks a lot guys a lot of you guys were
telling me that you've enjoyed my snaps
and I appreciate that I've been working
hard on making my snapchat more
interesting and I'm even doing more cool
like stuff I did a campaign with like HP
for snapchat because I think snapchats a
really cool thing to just like branch
out and do fun shit with and I'm
thinking of doing more cool stuff with
snapchat so if you guys are digging that
let me know in the comments my snapchat
is Julian's solo if you guys want to
check it out
but yeah thank you guys for the support
on all fronts y'all are awesome I'll see
you tomorrow for the next vlog all right
later guys
midnight
