and my hair is braided we are hanging
around the house we're gonna cook dinner
in a little bit but while we killed some
time Jenna did this to my hair my lovely
new hairstyle which is like if riffraff
flash stitches were a braided bun that's
why I almost fell but we just periscoped
her doing that I was really fine now I'm
all dark and the background is falling
out I'm loving dark but why can't you
just like walk I know you marbles so
happy to be in Big Bear we're having
mashed potatoes steak and asparagus for
dinner we went to the store and got all
the stuff so it's gonna be really tasty
and yummy Oh check this out so I don't
know if you guys know Jason very well
but he's been in maybe one of my blogs
he's been a lot of Josh's vlog we've
periscoped and hung out together anyway
he's coming over tonight with Gabi and
Jason hates fruit cereal when he gets
here I'm gonna I'm gonna write Jason on
this with Shaq on it which is kind of
like the icing on the cake because it's
Shaq so we're gonna head it this fruit
cereal annuity says hopefully he just
like rips it apart and throws it because
that would be really funny it's been a
really beautiful happy day I was on a
little hike earlier and they're happy
and Peach is sitting so weird on the
couch like peach what that's not how
normal dogs likes it she gives no fucks
so I want to show you our dinner prep
right now I'm looking really good some
New York strip steaks going on all
seasoned and setting ready to go and we
got our asparagus seasoned with garlic
powder pepper salt and olive oil smells
amazing take a whiff and then it was a
bot we got the potatoes in here cooking
so we can mash them and we got the dogs
begging for scraps down here scraps so
it's looking really good we're gonna
throw the steaks on soon and get mashing
Jason there's a pup there's a package
right
package for you to destroy out here we
can light it on fire or something I
thought it would be like ceremony hate
it but then I got real sorry this is the
final product looks really good
Gabi and Jason's are up there Gabi geez
right here yeah so now we're gonna stuff
our baby's face nothing
Jenna's periscoping her foot what when
I'm really thirsty you know what sort of
water I just take the whole box out of
the fridge so I can hydrate as much as I
want my below you are ladies man my but
you like gaps peachy where you always
sniffed the camera like that it's 1634
we just ate breakfast we ate breakfast
and we ate so good that we can't even
move
I don't even know how I got up to get my
camera how did that I blacked out I
forgot
great periscope Jenna quality stuff you
guys having a little three-way
conversation over there
that's good that's dead Herman was
saying I love you he never does that
Jason brought me up to his room because
he said the view was better and I didn't
believe him but holy shit it is this is
the view kind of bigger so much peasant
balcony down there yeah this seriously
beautiful are you guys scared I'm
holding you over the balcony and I'm not
even wearing the wrist strap oh shit I'm
scared that's gonna fall cabbie I'm
gonna drop by how does she do that
she sticks her head all the way through
the rails like a little they're so
narrow shall do arena Pte giraffe sit
good your mates at a grocery store
because we need to get more stuff
because we're eating everything that we
own but they're doing this thing where
you can donate to like this Children's
Hospital and every time someone donate
the cashier who is dealing with the
donation has to like shop them out on
the intercom like yeah they have a good
woman so like every like two minutes
maybe maybe less people are hopping on
the air calm doing that come on someone
donate already damn it
is there a super
strawberry refreshers all right I guess
no one's gonna donate we're large that's
naturally what happens so we think there
are coyotes coming let's just wait and
see yet they're gonna come back sky
looks really beautiful right now while
we wait for the coyotes cabs made the
most incredible Bloody Mary and I used
to work at a bar but this is so good
I've been craving a Bloody Mary all day
I finally got one of course made with
Tito's quote coyote watch 2k15
so far no coyotes just a FaceTime from a
Charlie Judd in the wild we want to show
you a show in Pokemon it's Pikachu
Clefairy back you're just watching vine
this is what it looks like for you guys
it's like dark for us this is incredible
like a foggy or me magical there there
they found food yeah we were outside
trying to catch coyotes and this one was
stealing the freaking beef jerky wrapper
naughty
so as relaxing as this vacation started
it's ending kind of crazily because I
was on a morning walk with peach and I
discovered there was a fire like a cross
over by the slopes which is fairly
distant from us but it's also a huge
fire and it's moving very fast you can
see a little bit right up there anyway
we're speed packing the car is like
almost all the way packed and Jenna's
finishing some stuff up in the house and
then we're gonna bounce out of here
there's probably gonna be some traffic
there a bit of people are out on the
roads trying to leave and look at what's
going on so we're just gonna drag it out
of here as fast as we can
especially since it's so close to town
like it would just be completely
devastating for it to get even closer to
these businesses and houses we are
speaking to one of the people who was a
local and she said there's never been a
fire this close to town
really very scary because they spread so
fast and it is very hot it's August
it's dry as anything I mean when I woke
up earlier like everything just looked
kind of yellow and I was like oh cool
fucking Instagram filter big bear a
sepia but it's really just this filter
abscissa no okay even saw everything
it's just this filter of smoke across
the entire town like this you gonna stop
this guy from going dogs off oh my god
it's just also like it hurts my heart
because we come to Big Bear often and
love it here so much you know
okay all the roads are closed you're
going up there
it just seems like
yeah we're safe for now but you can
never know with wildfires especially
since it's not always like just the fire
traveling it's pretty windy and the wind
will blow some of the embers so you'll
see like fires in different areas and
it's windy and if it's wild enough you
know what I mean which is what I got
nervous about Julian's like aw it's far
away I'm like the wind can pick it and
travel it anywhere that's dry and ready
to be on fire but there's only three
roads out of town so well we're a little
bit nervous about is that it might take
us a long time to leave because a lot of
people are trying the first we're gonna
throw all this trash oh there's our
trash
just kidding music - so we safely got
out it seems we are well on our way down
the mountain now it's like an hour-long
drive winding roads down the mountain so
we're at that part now we left the
village we left town and it seems like
they sort of are getting a grasp on the
fire but you can never be sure because
it's been going for over four hours now
but we really just speed packs like I
said and hopped in the car because we
didn't want
take any chances at all but I mean you
guys just saw the fire so that was like
one of the bigger fires that's I'd say
ever happened up here especially because
we talked to him local wonderfully
peaceful vacation a little bumpy on the
exit but it's all good because
everyone's safe in this car
