what is up guys
so right now I am sitting at my desk
cavitating getting started for the day
this is normally how I get going every
morning I come downstairs almost always
before Jenna and I grab some caffeine
some form of it today it's 5-hour energy
and I bring a little daughter with me
but she's really lazy in the morning so
I put her my shirt so she doesn't go
back upstairs because otherwise she'll
just go back upstairs to bed but no
she's in my shirt and I'm just kind of
like seeing what new videos are out and
checking the internet and I don't know
familiarizing myself with the new day as
a caffeinate and get ready to get Adam
but uh yeah I'm getting started for the
day and I'm gonna have to go on a couple
errands today your stuff on the peel box
and then I have to go grocery shopping
because I need a bunch of stuff her
house is completely out of food
once I'm feeling good I'm gonna get up
and head out
guys marble has been so noisy today
let's go have a chat with him to see
what's on his mind cuz he's got what to
say and I'm just curious what's going on
um do you mind if I borrow your dog for
an interview really quick all right mama
let's have a talk okay
let's have a little talk because all
you're doing is barking today cause if
you scream when I pick you up I
understand this people and things moving
by but you don't need a bark I have a
question have you ever considered just
looking at stuff and smelly
you're so handsome you don't even
projected me so loud all the time you
can just let your good looks peak for
yourself we're gonna smile marvel you
look so funny right now it's okay you're
very soft you know that yeah I can kiss
you all right so what do you plan on
doing for the rest of the day not
parking right so when I put you down
you're just gonna walk around and smell
be happy no need for barking okay I'm
gonna put you down now okay and I'm
gonna watch you be really good because
if you're not good we're having another
interview okay me good boy me me good
all right cool play don't be a happy dog
like that one Marple I enjoyed marble
marble I enjoyed having an interview
with you I'll talk to you soon good luck
with everything
bye friend Oh what what was who's that
oh I could have sworn I just heard you
bark what about the conversation we just
had
don't you stop barking okay hmm good boy
marble that's a good boy thank you for
listening all right so hopefully that
worked sometimes killing marbles with
kindness works
I'm currently enjoying a nice little
glass of aged whiskey and the reason for
that is because I just posted the
whiskey video that I've been working on
for a month and a half of Aging my own
whiskey I documented the whole process
of aging it in my lovely little fuck you
Dale barrel and it is on my second
channel so you can click to go watch it
I'll link it in this video because it
was a cool process an obviously out of
Asia for a month and a half and it
really really changed the way it tastes
a good way so that was really cool and I
finished shooting that earlier today so
that's what that is but I'm just
casually sipping on some whiskey we're
gonna get lunch soon I got my new cool
fanny pack because my fanny pack game is
just fleet out lately I got like three
different fanny packs and I'm using and
if you have something to say about my
fanny packs I hope it's a compliment
because fanny packs are awesome and if
you think otherwise I don't care I just
like baby text and doctor the computer
desk
so hopefully marvel doesn't bark his
face
Soph for the rest of the day and I'm
gonna enjoy this whiskey now and the
middle of the day fuck you Dale I aged I
can drinking when I want don't chase me
on this I'm like you wank it to me
mumble mumble kami kami marble break
your legs
don't break your legs what a nice
bayes's oh my god oh my god
break your fucking feet up good job
that's not peach guys it's an
all-terrain hoverboard save my face too
Marvel doesn't like when I ride this on
the grass but Marvel also doesn't like
the grass or this so makes sense as you
can see I need caffeine it's late and
having caffeinated since the morning
I need a pick-me-up mmm cuz all I've
been doing is snacking no I'm gonna
drink the caffeine and ride around on
the hoverboard on the grass is probably
not what it's made for
what great point of tuna right on my
pegs all day hi welcome to John's vlog
II how you doing good pose it's neither
cook love okay oh I see these are nice
sheets these guys sponsor the podcast
and they sent us sheets look that's so
nice though yeah look you sponsor our
podcast and give the sheets because
everyone knows that the sheets we
currently have is covered in spot a fake
tan from where I sleep you got a new
sheet sound really long no no these look
really nice wah-ha-ha-ha
holy crap oh and the little I know this
looks like honeymoon sheets my god you
feel like feels like butter
well at least if they're white cheese
Julian we can bleach them for a while
before my tan starts to ruin them he
bleached the absolute shit out
bleats yeah peas like dumb shit out of
our sheets they feel like but it looks
like something you get in Hawaii yeah or
like a really nice hotel baby you are
going to honeymoon oh really think we
separately this ain't no I Love Lucy
shit oh my god
did you tell them the size of the bed
how do they know yeah I was asked this
is s that might be King and this might
be small twin twin spelled with an S
queen okay so these are queen my god is
your all came
oh shit these are all King I want to
just feel them like I'm at the grope
sooo right now do you see this crop
cells often like it feels like it
shouldn't be cotton what are they made
out of yeah it feels really cool I don't
know or maybe it's because they come
from a happier place since the people
who make these sheets have been treated
well and paid fairly every step of the
way
as you can see where we're opening these
sheets we got right now we finished in
his video it's uploading right now she
got to draw with her feet it was really
funny to watch it was really fun to do
we're going on a little getaway this
weekend
because the next two and a half months
is nuts city and we are preparing for it
by getting out of town and just driving
somewhere that we haven't had any
vacation like all summer really have
done nothing vacation for us we've never
we didn't do a getaway we wanted to and
we just never did so we're doing the
last minute like getting out of town for
the weekend bringing the dogs going to a
nice little cabin and having a lull
weekend so we're gonna order some
groceries in the morning for that but
we're going to order now and schedule it
to come in the morning usually have to
work in septum our does we have a bunch
of shit to do tomorrow so I and then
tomorrow we're going to see and Quest
Crew on ABDC we're gonna go to the live
taping which is going to be fucking sick
I'm so excited really excited so except
killing it so that's what we're that's
what we're doing tomorrow we're
literally doing Jenna's radio show I got
stuff to do Dom's thing and then we're
driving out of town for a little mini
occation what you don't eat that's a
really session I'm sorry Gina has never
been there before she's never been to
our vacation spot I think there might be
a geofilter up there
we love geofilters going to Big Bear oh
hey there it's like one of my favorite
places aren't because we don't want to
fly anywhere it's like way too less than
it
remember not relaxing joy yeah so we
want to drive somewhere so we thought
about going to Palm Springs but it's
like boiling scorching hot yeah it would
be just like here we're cool will we be
hiding inside I'll bet you and we dip
her in the pool like we did last time
but I do want to get a couples massage
okay except can I be with the massaging
you guy masseuse me do you
that's not our being masseuse Oh
I got stabbed somebody says yeah I ride
around leave I can't all right it around
yes Julie ate up beyond the limit they
sent it to the PIO box it's really
fucking exciting well then that rooms a
mess
it looks so fucking red oh my god
alright P oh hey that all right guys
that's gonna be it for the vlog I gotta
end it together before we get to bed and
I love you and thanks for watching and
I'll see you tomorrow for the last ball
good week it's gonna be an exciting vlog
and then an exciting weekend on snapchat
we gonna snap chat you guys are just
making out behind me I like it
that was weird I love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow
