hey guys what's up I am walking to the
vitamin shop because I need to stock up
on some of the supplements that I've
recently picked back up mostly branch
chains BCAAs and there was some great
workout but yeah I enjoy going to the
vitamin shop so good start to the day
but um yeah gonna grab this stuff and
supplement my dick off and then get back
home I am way too excitedly dressed
right now for the gym I got all my
colors on crazy headband but I'm going
to the gym day 2 for the week and
feeling good this week has gone a lot
more comfortable than last week I did
leg day yesterday and I can walk today
so that's an improvement but I'm feeling
solid the program is going well after I
go to the gym I'm gonna stop by my mom's
house because my grandma's in town so
I'm gonna go over there
say what's up say hi to them and go on a
little date adventure but gym first and
head over there but I want to tell you
guys I got this thing recently which is
a stylist and it's gotten me like so
into drawing on snapchat and I've been
drawing like a lot of little doodles
like this and if you guys want to see
that stuff go to my snapchat because I'm
starting to do that more and more and
less of just like pictures of stuff but
more of just like drawing on the
pictures because it's fun also because I
hung out with em Platt Co for snap
chatting this weekend if you guys think
my snaps are good go follow him at
snapchat he'll blow your mind but he's
definitely inspired me to do more
drawing on snapchat lately so that's why
I'm doing that I'm gonna pack my stuff
up get in the car and head out to the
gym do I look like a sweaty rainbow
right now just finished my workout
it was a great one I'm really starting
to get into a groove with my workouts so
that makes me really happy
also if you go to a gym that other
people are also in don't horde like 6
sets of weights because you're doing
some thing like I spent 15 minutes
trying to find a pair of 15 pound
weights and like the weight you should
see the weight rack in there it's
literally like 30 yards long maybe more
and people just take them and then like
either hoard them or they like move them
somewhere and then just leave them like
guys come on figure it out you're not
working on your own personal gym anyway
and rant I'm I don't know what this was
I'm heading over to my mom's now
I see my grandma we haven't seen in a
while so I'm excited and yeah I think
we're gonna have lunch and stuff and
then see what's up but I'm going to
change shorts and not look like a sweaty
rainbow anymore okay so I just finished
lunch with my mom and my grandma and it
was nice we grabbed some sushi and I got
to see them and spend some time with
them which was which was nice now I'm
headed back over to the valley hopefully
a little bit before rush hour it's like
right on that cusp we're in like 30
minutes if I left I would be sitting in
traffic for an hour but now I'm going to
beat it I think gonna head home and
maybe shoot some other stuff around the
house and see my little page I can't
stop listening the blurryface guys it's
a problem I can't stop listening to
blurry face but it's a surprisingly
beautiful day out and I mean that
because it's not like obscenely hot it's
like pretty manageable the temperature
it's a nice breeze going on even in the
valley it wasn't crazy hot so that was
really nice yeah let's uh let's get back
over to the valley safely all right guys
I just got home and I've been wanting to
do this for a while and I've slowly
gathered the materials but I wanted to
spray-paint my little hoverboard it came
in a really glossy black and the gloss
kind of bugs me so I want to make it
matte black or flat black figure out
some spray paint and that's what I'm
gonna do right now spray painting the
hoverboard
we finished the first coat and it's
looking fucking sick it honestly looks
like if Batman had a hoverboard because
it's the same tone black that the
Batmobile is it's like a very flat muted
black it looks a little bit so wait 15
minutes put another coat on and then
show you what we got so it looks like it
came out really well this is as matte
black as I thought this could go and
it's after two coats and it looks pretty
solid not a professional spray painter I
think I did a decent job
there's no gloss at all anymore and I'm
gonna let it dry and then show you guys
the final product so here it is this is
the hoverboard in matted black so as you
can see it's very very non glossy hence
the matte paint and there's still a
little like dry layer on top that I
could just kind of sand off lightly but
yeah custom painted matted murdered out
black hoverboard and I really like how
it looks so I'm pretty pumped with how
this turned out and I would recommend
doing it you guys want a different color
on your hoverboard I use fusion krylon
it's one of the best spray paints I
could find that would stick to plastic
and also had matted colors this is my
matted black hoverboard hey guys so I am
sitting down right now to
put this bark together I was kind of
busy today and so I got pretty late on
me but I wanted to sign off and say
thank you guys for watching the blog I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog I
know I did something a little different
I've been wanting to do this for a while
spray paint the board but I'm glad I
finally did it
and I'm really happy with the result
honestly it looks really cool top of the
shiny paint looks pretty tacky so anyway
I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow from the next vlog all right
you
you
