what's up guys happy morning bright and
early for me and I am up and on the road
at 6:30 right now headed to Anaheim to
the convention center and I am going to
d23 which is an awesome really cool
Disney convention down like near Disney
and I'm going for this really cool
snapchat campaign so I'm going to be
snapchatting while I'm there you guys
will probably already have seen it but I
figured I would vlog a little bit while
I'm here because it's really fucking
cool and I've seen pictures and hashtags
been pretty popular of d23 and it looks
exciting there's a lot of cool stuff a
lot of Disney a lot of Star Wars so
that's what I'll be doing today leaving
from the valley to Anaheim right now so
I got about an hour ahead of me but up
early caffeinated and ready to do this
thing so let's go go guys on at 8:23
right now
Princess Leia a picture with her here
just so I'm working with this guy was
like amazing draw snapchat he is named M
Flacco and looked like drawn on snaps
together
guy yeah I'm just doing a loop right now
this is literally the same convention
hall that big comes in so I feel like I
was just here because I was but yeah
like a lot of cool stuff here
but a lot of it's like busy
some of it I'm not really huge on
that's really hugging for
the spacebar
that's really cool
our perfection there's like they're made
about your stuff over there I love
what I did there's
I was talking flag goes backward
that's like that
those things look like if oh my god
that's Princess Leia but these guys
right over here
they look like if Star Wars was animated
by the people who made Space Jam like
I'm pretty sure he's on the Monstars
basketball team
and now right now that guy with John
boyega his place in the doom Star Wars
Force awakens that was pretty fucking
cool cuz I've seen those trailers and
seen him and he could be huge after that
movie and he was just like walking right
by I didn't talk to him he's really busy
but I put my camera position where you
could say hi to him so I hope you
enjoyed meeting Finn from Star Wars
anyway leaving the convention right now
and headed back to the valley see my fam
but it was fun
t23 was fun stall so I'm back home now
and I've been hanging out with fam for a
little while and eating and relaxing and
Brett and I are starting to clean the
place up because Jason Gaddy are coming
over tonight and I'm so pumped cuz I
love them
but yeah it's been nice to get off my
feet a long day of the convention really
fun though
and thanks to everyone who said hi to me
when I was there you know that's not
really my scene but yeah it's very nice
I want to show you guys something so
Jenna she's just tweeted out that she
discovered she had two cousins today
that she didn't know what her cousins
not sure exactly there's the situation
completely but that's what happened and
she's like so losing her mind about
having these two younger cousins I think
they're like 13 and maybe a little
younger but Jenna's been facetiming with
her cousin Tori for like 30 minutes and
it's adorable
that's her facetiming it's so cute she's
just like giddy and so happy to be a big
cousin oh the bots it's definitely
really cute to see her so happy about
that because I can't imagine what that
feels like to discover your cousin when
they're 13 that's so awesome I can't
wait to meet Tori look what we just did
you guys know how dirty this room is
because you all comment about it and now
look at it guys I had something to show
you it's very important he God Bret's in
love with this thing hey Jenna how was
that
we're like the first could be really
good in German yeah first like 10
minutes I was like crying I was so happy
you're so adorable like she's so amazing
isn't she she's very sweet the same
person she's just living out every
twelve girl girl's dream she's 14
let skin down her feet know my dad said
she was there to eat cheese for today
okay
she's going into high school a different
system called the other one she her name
is Abby she's 10 but that's Tori's
cousin so second cousin you're saying I
don't have they're like my second okay
so how do you she got out I just can't
hands kid
yeah no no she's like I was really
nervous to talk to her but like she
we're like best friends she doesn't feel
good to have a cousin but she's like uh
a grown-up but she's your little cousin
yeah that's awesome we should go visit
her what she loves doctor the Vampire
Slayer and Harry Potter and Taylor Swift
she said she wanted tonight's what
concert or soul left her father's
Congrats on your new cousin like we just
talk forever oh I was gone forever cute
I'm real I'm like so happy you know
I'm having forehead XLS crying into this
art also you're so beautiful peachy
peachy you know what today is
you know what today's it's our
anniversary
today is the peach ever sir II have had
you for one year
yeah peachy you've been my little baby
for a whole year now
you were so little and now you're so big
August 17th I got peach yeah that's
right I think it was August 17th I'm
almost positive does all your seventeen
but yeah it's crazy it's been one whole
year of having my own little baby and
look at her she's in ground so much and
she loves their little I'm Andy Lau
peih-gee is it the beach over sri PT is
it a picture of our Suri I gotta get you
a little present huh one whole year when
are we here here's a present okay kind
of a cool thing to have
had her for one over here I've enjoyed
every single second even when I hated it
because she was a little baby and so
difficult I never thought it would have
this much intact
having the beach and it had made the
most insane meteoric impact on my life
in the best way possible so I'm very
lucky now she's eating grass but I just
want to share with you guys as I end the
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed this
weekend blog and I hope you have a pet
that you've had an anniversary with if
you have let me know in the comments and
also is she gonna ever stop growing
because at this rate she'll be the size
of like a real greyhound
bye our second P traverser e but yeah
hashtag peach bursary a good day it's a
good day with my little blondie my
little blonde my blonde we love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow for the next vlog
good bye Pete it's a peach reverse read
okay bye
