hey guys what's up so Jenna found up
front
so bird that has nested itself you're
saying oh but he's just alone missing
looks up a little little dove or
something Brown will we get off that
right have to I want to live there
there's any cute it's a good-looking
bird that's crazy
these Qaeda's little mom that stuff that
was why is he along I don't know well
you're gonna mess with some guy you know
you know body it's really cool though
it's a good spot I know it's like
sheltered and like yeah got some light
at night you can see this far was bird
oh it's a nice little private spot he
didn't know like work for the structure
he should just found some sticks
where's his bird otter yeah Kermit he's
gonna come eat you
yeah well he'll really eat marbled
Kermit this isn't about you it's about
the bird we were just for gonna do it
was about a different animal when I
pulled the camera you know good
afternoon guys and happy Friday I am
picking up the camera at 1824 so it's a
little late today and the reason being
it was just a completely crazy day I had
a whole bunch of to take care of
but now we're leaving the house and
doing something rather exciting jenna is
going to be a guest on James Corden The
Late Late Show youtuber edition which is
really cool because I love James
Corden and I love the show he has I
think it's really cool that he's doing a
YouTube edition and I think it's even
cooler that Jenna's on that edition so
she is upstairs doing her girl getting
ready routine and I'm down here kind of
getting
ready to go we're gonna leave in about
15 minutes and go to the YouTube space
which I've never been to never been to
the YouTube space I've only been there -
dropped it off but I've never been
inside so it should be cool I've heard
it's pretty cool so that'll be exciting
I'm excited to see Jenna be on James
Corden show that's sick he's
really funny for this you don't know
he's the host the Late Late Show British
very funny very likeable smart so we're
gonna go over to the YouTube space and
get that going and I'll show you guys
the whole thing we're at the space you
choose me I've never been here before
which is kind of crazy it's really cool
and we have a little room up there for
us so we're gonna walk around her set
and then Jennifer get her hair did by
some other human which she never gets
which is cool and then
going outside right now and shooting
something so I can't really done but
jazz about a go into something using
video for of the first portion of the
show and then she's gonna do like the
talk show part with like a bunch of
games but this is a little behind the
scenes Geoff's excited she's nervous but
it's awesome she's gonna kill it and
she's gonna go do this music video and
then the show James Courtney he just
walked in a room and like said how he's
like a super like I totally fit girl so
I just got word that I can post this
tomorrow so you guys are gonna see it
tomorrow this week
I didn't watch you guys that's the way
so they just told me going up a week
before that's gonna air you're shooting
this music video fire Jenna bunch of
other people are coming out with like
this car dancing hey Jenna was just
whipping I can't a giant crowd of people
save your wonder which we killed with
YouTube royalty
so we just finished in the music video
portion now we're in the green room got
to play the cheese and Jenna's upstairs
shoes on and we can see the monitor here
so she's available on stage
look at you go yeah she'll be up there
soon so equals here they keep telling me
to make something different I'm stuck in
this river I can't even listen I cut my
legs off now girl I ain't even trigger
all the girls getting lifted because
it's like what your ticket is getting
out of control
see I don't mean to dis you I don't mean
to dismiss you rather put
I'm not the nicer guy babies don't know
my history
I'm just trying to with you
scuttling kids behind in these
relationships and keeping a mystery see
at the straight ankle make it and
finding my last three years
so we finished Jenna did awesome that
was really cool dude you're fine James
Corden really liked you he is really a
super super human being very normal very
done er yeah pretend kill you guys we'll
see it next Friday it'll be on the CBS
his show Late Late Show
he came in fast like the girls probably
menhir a little any care into the dress
video and the first thing is mrs. Melway
he's like I love you yeah I shot I
showed you guys him in the room yeah
that was really fun it's really cool
experience the logic
thank you sir so keep your light on and
your window open yeah I wanted you
