that's up guys I'm at the gym right now
getting started for the day and it's
work at it but I brought you guys to
talk to you between 50 stuff because my
training program is hard
I need the sport program is absolutely
making a man out of me those are the
first front in a long time
the program requires
temporal speeds and wraps that are going
slow on the way down before town and end
up that way so a break 90 to work out
but
that guy I'm finishing today with bike
sprint and my ass have been sufficiently
kid I've looked at this program and I
knew is gonna be hard but it's on a
completely different level teaching my
own a ski mine I'm finished now just
cooling it off and then I'm gonna make a
stop at the hardware store I grab a
couple things for a project which you
guys will see but yeah good Jim all
right got the supplies not all of them
gonna have to order some but it's for a
paint project I'll give you that much
I'm gonna make a video on it
so you'll see gonna back up head home
I'm suddenly really hungry after that
workout my body's like yeah do it cause
I think we did it I think we figured
this out Jenna how are we doing getting
used to it now as they can't get out
yeah we adjusted it some things he's
getting a little restless now they were
good yeah yeah we we made a couple
adjustments we pushed that back bar like
further back so they have more room and
tied them tighter so now they can't jump
out like maniacs but we're staying for a
little night ride cuz it's finally cool
enough and we don't even have to put the
top up there riding convertible style
peachy sit yeah this is nice
nice and relaxing getting the dogs out
of the house it was so funny we just
drove by another dog in marble just
started a bark from the little carriage
as he's strapped in thug marble
I'm starting to realize that 90% of why
having this thing is cool is because I
just ride it around the house when I was
a kid there was no such thing as writing
things in the house otherwise you would
be put in timeout but now this is our
place and there are no parents telling
us what to do so I can ride this stupid
fucking thing from room to room and fall
half the time which is kind of half the
fun and not get yelled at and also get
places faster sorry I don't mean to be
just talking a blog with this thing but
it's really fun this spot right here is
a little tough you know one foot at a
time there you go we are just kind of
hanging out we had dinner a little while
ago and uh now we're playing the video
games and winding down for the night and
my body is so sore tomorrow I rest is
it's the rest day and I'm looking really
forward to it like I might need to take
like a fucking hot bath like with Epsom
salt because my muscles are mad at me
hey I just want to check in with you
guys when I read catch you on the other
end
oh don't rustle the grill sir is not
closed and the girl too is not moving
grubs who can't move weekly know
give me the groves ooh Rome Jane mm-hmm
the slow Grove chick give me the bot yo
so I just woke up like an hour ago
maybe more but today is so rough like I
can't even like walking down the stairs
makes me want to cry my legs are so sore
like walking down the stairs is somehow
worse than walking up probably should
have rolled out yesterday but I didn't
anyway we're just getting caffeinated
for Wednesday video get start of the day
like if I think today sucks tomorrow is
going to be ten times worse you guys
ever been like soar to where where you
can't really walk that well but the next
day is always fucking worse but
thankfully today's our rest day so
that's nice but it is a beautiful day
and it's really hot when I go back
inside - this is the truck Hulk smashed
or been so hard with the wheel is like
completely gone on the other side so we
have one wheel or unicycling it with our
trash now can I help you
alright so for those of you who have
ever rolled out before foam rollers or
things like that sort of across balls
but today I'm gonna roll out it's gonna
hurt like five times more than if I had
done yesterday after my workout so I'm
just gonna prepare myself for like
immense pain right now because I have
all the lactic acid in all the muscles
yeah I don't look forward to this at all
but let's go no inserts
I'm on my way to the big ass camera
store the like real professional camera
store that we sometimes go to because we
are shooting something today for Jenna
that is more of like a blog style she
wants to do a vlog today with the dogs
and the bike and stuff like that she
wants me to film it so I'm gonna do that
today but what I'm running to the store
for is a piece of equipment that we
don't have and that is a like a
Steadicam it's called the glidecam it's
basically to help you hold a camera
steady while you're moving and I'm going
to be moving because she's going to be
biking and I'm going to be tracking her
as I go so I'm gonna go pick this up
we're going to rent it which is awesome
that they rent stuff at this place so
I'm going to rent this piece of
equipment learn how to do it in like an
hour and then we're going to shoot this
vlog because we're going to do it while
there's still daylight out it's only
1645 right now it's not even dark yet
get started like 9:00 o'clock 2100 we
should have a fun time I'm actually
pretty excited to just shoot this
completely it's those are fun vlogs for
me
so gonna grab this and head home and
then get this video done alright every
time I come to this camera store I just
literally want everything there's so
many cool things like I want all of it
all those lenses
holy shit guys this is this is
definitely a learning process but I feel
like I've learned a lot right now this
is the rig it's called a glidecam and
it's got these weights down here and I
put the camera on top with the mic and
everything but there's a whole process
that you have to balance it and
balancing one of these is way harder
than it looks even though this looks
balanced it's probably not perfectly
balanced but uh yeah so I just spent
like an hour like learning watching
videos and and finding out how to
balance this thing and I've gotten into
a good position to where it's going to
be balanced enough that I can use it and
get steady shots while we're moving but
that is a cool thing and I want to work
more with that stuff because it makes me
happy intrigues me it's really cool but
Jenna's getting ready right now and I
think we're going to head out in about
an hour because that's when it's going
to be cool enough and still bright
enough we're going to hook up some cool
camera angles and shoot this thing
alright you guys so what I just did and
spend time doing is balancing this glide
cam which means I can move it now
without the camera angle being messed up
so check this out see how the camera
state study I mean it started to fail a
little bit but the camera basically
stayed still through all that movement
due to this glide cam so I'm fucking
psyched to use this and to get maybe one
of these for myself in the future for
shooting stuff because you can shoot a
lot of cool stuff with this and make it
look really good I'm psyched to make
this vlog it's gonna be really fun so
let's go make this fucking dope ass blog
for generator so we're out of your
shooting we're just about done shooting
on the street and we'll shoot a couple
more things when we get home but this is
me right now I'm carrying around the
glidecam and this is how I'm traveling
which is interesting but it's getting me
a lot of really cool shots because I'm
moving with Jenna and if I have to all
get off the board to move with her oh
yeah I hear myself really good now
because I'm talking to the mic and
that's right here it's got a little
time-lapse going on right here for her
vlog but it's going really well
definitely fun and it's a learning
experience this thing is not easy to use
but it's very very fun to learn it we're
just about done shooting and we'll head
home good day though good shooting day
modere so we were just heading home now
because we finished shooting but I
wanted to close and say thanks for
watching the vlog right Jenna and thanks
for watching
her vlog if you watched her vlog if you
didn't go watch it we just put it up off
on her main channel for this week but it
was really fun shooting and it was cool
showing you guys like how we take the
dogs out a little peek into our lives
yeah cuz Jenna never gets to do that so
it's nice that she did it this week
why'd you like sometimes I'm like you
know what I want to make a video man
this fucking dog carriage yeah well you
know what honestly I'm happy we did it
cuz I had a good time thanks for
watching guys I'll see you tomorrow for
the last vlog of the week alright I love
you Claire
