what's up guys so those of you who have
been following the vlogs know that for a
long time I've been like enamored with
these hoverboards as has the entire
internet but I've really wanted one it's
kind of just like taking a back seat but
finally I was like you know what I need
to get some so I ordered some one Amazon
they're coming today I got one for me
and one for Janna she doesn't know this
so the plan is we are going to get the
boards here without her knowing
take her board out of her box fill it
with plastic scraps and maybe a couple
light weights and clothing box back up
and what I hope is going to happen is
I'm gonna come to the top of the stairs
we have like a little balcony over the
living room so I'm gonna come to that
little railing while she's in the living
room and say Jenna I have a surprise she
would look up and I'll show her the box
obviously she's gonna know what it is so
she's gonna get really excited hopefully
and then I'm gonna start talking about
it and moving the box right and then I'm
actually going to drop it off of the
balcony and it's going to crash down and
with all the stuff I put in it hopefully
it'll sound like it completely just
shattered inside the box that is the
plan and hopefully we can execute let's
do the broken segway board price i'm in
here living her I have a surprise go on
the beanbag chair
hi I see your camera are you scary no
look look at where I'm holding Wow
good thing it wasn't in their birthday
yeah you're like come to the beanbag
chair yes look see your camera Julian is
also came up there I hate to scramble
that happened so fast
you thought I'd drop that didn't you
yeah I was like why you over the value
like a barbarian
what's it whoa did you break them yeah
that's paraphernalia that makes it sound
like it Brooke so you got a boomerang a
couple cups of weight yours the wife
told me non-stop babe I got a I got us a
hovervan exciting did you get one yeah
going oh it's fucking heavy
yeah it's like 25 pounds oh my god now
I'm gonna charge it we can be fucking
asshole Julian I got really free baby
from this this is so heavy
alright we got her she found I dropped
it and broke it but now we're gonna try
to ride them
sorry you got it you got to just go for
it I think oh my god okay oh are you
good Judy are you good at it I'm gonna
hold it I think when you have to step
off backwards okay oh I was on mine
backwards oh my god babe it's a learning
process we'll get it wait okay hold my
hands now lean forward like you're gonna
try to fall forward like a marble does
not like the hoverboard thing so we're
gonna be literally in to get used to it
sealable it's still this thing you still
getting held in love calm buddy easy
Julian Julian don't do that oh my god I
swear to God
well we would know you can like hold him
light on it so he knows it's not bad
carefully how would you like that it's
not bad also better all right we G it's
okay
you like it okay guys yeah care Kermit
never cares like he gears easy with him
Julian this is the circus oh no no no
he's honestly like the most relaxed hmm
this is
think it's so much fun
can't believe I have one of these it's
so much fun honestly
Jenna's learning curve is a little
different than mine and she's also
dealing with like a messed up ankle but
this is my life now honestly though
between this and like my bike having
been back in Jenna's bike now but we're
going to be outdoors a lot more which is
pretty sweet so just going for a little
ride down the street you know so I know
I don't do like a lot of pranks in
general but uh I've been feeling a
little extra pranky lately so that's why
I put this up I know the camera angle
didn't get her face the whole time and
less than ideal but I was really
scrambling because we had some cable
people come today to fix her Internet so
I was dealing with that and receiving
the packages all while she didn't see it
so less than satisfactory but still got
her a little bit if you guys enjoy these
let me know I'll only do them so much
though because I enjoy blogging more
than anything and I think that's how
it's always going to be but it's fun to
prank Jenna every once in a while
because she's really easy to prank and
really cute can I prank her I'm getting
better at this board but I'm still kind
of nervous when I go fast Jenna is like
still kind of struggling which she'll
get it because she's an athlete and
there are people way less athletic than
her who ride it all the time it is weird
it's a very sensitive board like I've
heard people say that a million times
but you really don't understand it until
you're on it every single ounce of
weight that you put in a direction of
your foot is going to be read by the
board and you're going to go that way so
it's very weird but uh it's definitely a
lot of fun anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed this blog slash prank vlog slash
board getting slash becoming officially
an asshole video I love you guys and
I'll see you guys tomorrow for the next
vlog and hopefully I don't break all my
bones falling on this all over the house
because all I want to do is ride around
the house in this thing because I don't
ever want to walk in it
I love you guys thanks for watching
alright bye
