you
hey guys what's up so I am out here
riding my bike it's actually nighttime
right now it was like evening when I
came out but I'm just so excited to have
my bike back and to be riding it so
there is big red right there and my bike
a little time-lapse done and now we're
gonna hit throughout like our saying we
oh yeah I'm gonna hit the road right now
and I get back home but it's been fun I
haven't ever ridden a bike like in the
valley and it's really hilly in some
Park so it's super fun to ride this cool
places to explore so I'm gonna hop back
on and head home now
sky is super blue behind me I've never
even really seen parts of the valley
like I am right now so it's really
fucking exciting let me make this light
but yeah this has been a really great
round I'm definitely gonna be doing this
more valleys dope on a bike what's up
you guys I'm back on my bike except it's
the next day I'm actually going to the
bike shop really quick because they need
to do one more thing in my bike to tune
it up but it's a beautiful day out so
you got my tanning pack and I'm heading
out for a little ride might run some
errands and stuff but hopefully the
audio is not horrible I got a little
thing for it in the wind but this isn't
going to be a complete bike blog so
don't worry bike yesterday biking today
to get some stuff done and enjoy the
weather out here so I'm chilling at home
right now I'm gonna finish doing my
laundry right now and I want you guys to
keep you company because it's really
boring so let's do laundry but I just
ordered lunch and Jenna's just left to
film with grace so I guess I'm just
going to do laundry and then hang out I
might go for another bike ride but I got
to do these clothes first
so I wanna let you know about my
exciting Saturday I wanted to show you
these new socks I got they're so fucking
electric look at this shit BAM these are
the new socks I got and they don't even
fit in my sock area so I don't know
where to put them probably just in a box
so I got this to do now I really don't
want them but I have two guys I am in a
weird spot right now I have I think
exactly as many shirts as I have hanger
so everything you see here is occupied
by one hanger actually that's a lie cuz
I'm wearing a shirt I need more hangers
I'm at the point now if I get a new
shirt I need a new hangar it's a good
problem to have at least I'm now
with my laundry and now I get to just
wait on my lovely bowl of goodness to
arrive and then I can eat it some hungry
haven't eaten all day thanks for keeping
me coming laundry laundry
yeah what do you think I feel good
you get a bike that's a good color and I
like that there's no far-right there so
you can just hop right off
thank you for your help we're looking
for a bike for Jenna and
just went to a leg shop and got
we didn't have anyone say hi to us so
you left dinner's run over to pick up
priorities straight didn't like us yeah
Jenna what's it like Jenna's been
watching me right now
got really jealous so we're getting
everybody it looks like a great bike
parents good color too so don't you want
dual rides and take the darksome s and
backpacks
goodbye kid exhale
yeah oh yeah how's that feel feel the
back it feels good enough yeah
God laughing mmm this one here yeah it
feels tight yeah general when you think
about on that no like good good color
right yeah yeah my hair is down so
slight thing I knew bike helmet and
people will be able to see it really
well
oh yeah they're really cool action
figure toys in this bike up
show me the horn you getting for your
bike it's a real well we go alright
safety do I go he can ride together I
got my Julian green home oh my god we
literally are getting that too by the
dark quick let's go and get the dogs we
got a trailer and then let's go about
things we can write the bike for that I
guess we go like today I have no idea
how this is gonna work out this is
what's happening right now the dogs are
in there all four and this is attached
to Jenna's bike and I got my bike and
we're gonna go for a ride I have no clue
how this is gonna work but we're excited
so that didn't really work the way we
had hoped it's not completely like a
bust
it might work in the future it's just
incredibly hot and they obviously
haven't done that before so they kept
trying to jump out so right now I'm
taking all the dogs back home and brand
Jetta are still depart so I'll go join
them in a sec when I'm done dropping the
dogs off so I can ride around with them
alright alright I'm back in the park now
I'm Douglas squad behind me this is much
easier with no dogs
black I like the new bike it looks
really sweet I want to name it powder
it's more fun sands the dog right now
we'll have to try again on a colder day
there are like very few things that I've
ever seen anyone get so excited for then
Jenna does about things like biking I
know and now you got a nice-looking bike
works well we can take it out any time
so we just got back home and we're
starting to get kind of tired we had a
long fun day we restored some food and
we're going to relax for the rest of the
night and watch the true detective
season finale but we had a blast even
though the dog thing didn't really work
out that well I'm telling you the truth
like it's so adorable seeing Jenna so
excited about her like new bike because
she gets giddy about some things but
only a couple things make her that
really excited so today was a good day
true detective I really liked this
season and Twitter fucking hates it I
really liked it too and I thought that
the finale was good spoiler if you don't
want to be spoiled by true detective
click away but they shouldn't killed so
many people but I liked it you know I
mean like the way it like kind of turned
out how for Vince Vaughn's character it
was either gonna be him going out on top
or dying and like it was there's no
middle ground
I like that I read like that really
in-depth article by Rolling Stone that
is like so uncalled before like why go
into such depth to tear down a show it's
at least like pretty decent like fuck
off I think honestly I think it's
laughable how that article like that
focuses so much on a point with the
complete wrong idea of it they were
talking about how everything was for
nothing and how it makes it that makes
it here he's dumb like no that's what
kind of makes it really great yeah I
liked it no it was it was good I think
all the hate is a little unwarranted and
following the first season it's hard to
just like impress everyone but whatever
I like I liked it
I really didn't want t Riggs to die
though that was variable oh I cried so
hard on the insides and like a little on
the outside
nobody found Oh sobbing good yeah right
left and we're just chillin now right
now our squall humor fun bye Dave yeah I
wish we'll fight so much more all right
well I love you guys thanks for watching
and see you guys tomorrow
with mobile banker later
Oh
