I'm wearing clothes my actress got me
she got me these jeans fucking dope a
thank you for getting me stuff what's
your favorite thing you got me
finally outfits and I fucking like liked
all of them especially the little
Sebastian shirt that's better I think
now I am meeting up with Jason and we
are gonna go to an event Sony Alpha is
throwing an event releasing one of their
new cameras in LA and I was invited to
it I was part of the Alpha collective
excuse the filthy living room behind us
I'm excited to see the camera I'm
excited to show you the new camera that
we fucking see and get to touch and play
with and and we're on wheel of fortune
Jason you're up
what's the clue hey are you lost
we both know it all right it's been fun
you've been here thing the red arrow
says we go that way you kind of want to
go that way oh god don't tell me what to
do
all right so the reason we're here today
is this which is the sony RX o which is
sony's new tiny little camera that looks
incredibly capable but now i want to
play with it so i'm gonna test this
thing out right now
finger dance yup yeah we want to try it
out he's gonna do it I do yeah hold on
alright so they spin that thing around
my dances for two seconds he's gonna do
the finger dance and it captures it in
slow-mo yeah
all right so our job is basically to
just play with this thing and see what
we can shoot with it they have a couple
demonstrations they have some BMX bikers
and then they have a martial arts kind
of performance here and supposedly
there's gonna be rain falling from those
bars they have rain ready to come down
artificial rain on the stage and there's
like just a million of these things
everywhere so this is the rxo it's
really really capable of shooting things
that you would normally shoot on your
main camera but in this size so it's not
really an action cam because it's a real
cool camera I'm shooting high frame
rates I'm shooting first I listen to
this I'm just kind of like seeing what I
want to get done and I don't know when
this is gonna sound so we got to get
ready since I'm using this camera I
figured I might try to vlog with it this
thing is absolutely tiny it's smaller
than a GoPro it's crushed people
waterproof it's raining inside now
that's about it I'm doing this talking
to a camera you'd never feel comfortable
you just at one point you're just like I
don't really give a fuck anymore
perhaps that right there and then you
just do the finger dance I'm always
doing the finger dance and then you
realize that you're walking and you've
walked into the set of wheel of fortune
Jason what is your guess it was it was
not on the board what's your next guess
WWE wheel too Toby's Jason get out and
go up god damn it criss-cross dogs
feature link on top picked her up and I
was like get off him and they let her go
doesn't care you don't care you don't
care what's under you know don't care
they set up with like 1% of their body
weight is from PETA here look it but she
can she can get her body up it's amazing
hey it's like lifting your whole body up
like from your ankles
yeah you're right summons energy from
the air
you guys have strong ABS maybe that's
why Kermit's so hard in the middle abs
are so hard like look at this look at
Karma it's like Oh bleep he's got some
serious Oh bleep look at that he's got a
vein going down no that's his AB this is
a muscle this whole part no no this is
the muscle but then he's got a vein down
here he just jacked out in his mind
you're stressing all that so much that
thing out all right let's see it warm
you'll do it for me it's physical
fitness test day time to it's setup look
at this look at this like my god all
right Kermit he's the one presenting
your body you gotta sit up from here up
let me help you here I'll help you
don't you want me to help you you want
me to help you let me help you
little bean sit up
I love you you're so
