what's up guys I'm in my car jamming out
to that song over and over I can't stop
listening to it's incredible it's a vici
I think it's new but I am at Arnold's
place because we're going to hang out
today we're going to work out and grab
some sushi and now I'm going to go in to
see him okay I have an institution for
like four weeks three weeks and I'm he's
the reason why I get to have it again so
we're getting situated we just worked
and naturally this is happening like I
can't even help myself yo so I just got
home a little while ago from hanging out
Arnold and I had a blast
I missed Arnold cuz he was out of town
for a while and vanilla but that guy's
the best and he's super positive and
he's a great person to hang out with so
I had a fun time and I got to eat sushi
which I never get to do and ate quail
eggs which I also noticed so and I say I
never get to do it because Jenna doesn't
eat sushi so I could do it more if I
wanted anyway I wanted to show you a
couple things that I just got the mail
all right it's fucking dark as hell in
here I don't know what the heck the deal
is with that
alright alright so I wanted to show you
a couple things I got in the mail number
one is this new shirt that came I
ordered it and I'm so excited I came it
looks like this it is tricks and
clothing shaycarl is a big part of this
company and they make clothes and
awesome shit for those who don't know
mache Karla's look him up right now he
is an OG YouTube personality and he's a
stud and he is one of the nicest people
ever met so uh sweet shirt I just want
to show you guys my new shirt because
it's badass that's all and I love shit
another thing that came in the mail okay
there's this pizza place we go to a lot
because they have gluten-free pizza and
they also have vegan pizza for general
and it's called fresh brothers this is
like their logo I'm sure you've seen
like billboards and stuff because
they're all around LA and I think other
places too but I'd be going in since I
was like 16 I want to say and they've
been amazing forever so they reached out
to me and they were like hey we noticed
that you guys get a lot of fresh brother
because there's like customer profiles
and
they can look us up anyway they're like
thank you for being a loyal customer
we love your content and we love you
guys and we want to work with you and so
normally like I don't do branded stuff
you guys know that so what I agreed is
that we would set up like a meet and
greet and they would help put it on so
it would be like a free mean greet like
I did with the celiac disease foundation
and the celiac disease foundation will
be a part of it too so it would be like
that but with pizza so you guys can come
meet me and there would be fucking
awesome gluten-free pizza there so let
me know you guys think of that idea
because I think we're going to try to
make that meet-up happen because I love
meeting you guys and I love doing it for
a cause especially one so close to my
heart like celiac disease so the idea is
to meet you but also raise awareness for
celiac disease and this time there will
be pizza so if you have the willpower to
say no to pizza and to say no to meeting
this I'm just kidding ah then don't come
but otherwise yeah we love people to
come and do that so I will give you guys
updates because I want to try to work
something like that out I'm probably
thinking October for that but only if
you guys more seriously let me know in
the comments if you guys would be down
for a meet-up like that and I'm sure
there would be swag prizes stuff like
that but pizza most importantly there
will be za and there will be za that I
could eat which is rare creep PGP ones
off you want this off you know dissolve
yeah we had to turn off the AC in this
room for a little while just now because
Jenna was recording her show and it's
loud so when we're recording we can't
have that noise and it gets so hot when
we turn off we do it for the podcast too
like you guys who watch the podcast will
know that will sometimes be like damn
this is hot like during the podcast
because we don't have like a quiet fan
which we should probably look into so
anyway I just want to show you a couple
things that I'm excited about obviously
none of this is sponsored you guys know
that about me I don't do that I will
keep you guys updated on the fresh
brothers thing because who doesn't want
free pizza I'm not in that Club I always
want free pizza ok so you just said you
know
I love you I just tweeted about it but
that video it's going to be meeting you
did you watch the video
there's it there's this old couple I
just bought it and it came today yeah
see Jenna's already jealous of my tricks
and shirt wait let me explain this video
to you wait but it's dark in there water
it's so dark I don't working it's time I
know Jenna has been incredibly efficient
with her time and diligence because she
knows that after she's done with her
work she gets play oldest roles but what
I wanted to tell okay so there's this
video with amazing song by Avicii
and the video is this old couple and the
guy goes asleep and the girl's gone she
leaves and he wakes up and said where
did she go like where's my own like he
couldn't find her and days tops and zeig
looking at pictures of her so then
finally he goes to the garage and he
gets on his little you know motor thing
and he fucking rides around town trying
to find her there old people their own
people it's really cute I tweeted about
I said is you know anything I'd be in
the bed waking up so do you know what I
said in the every morning you just like
you come in like an hour later you're
like that ghost alive is this Mario
because you might hear a hurt sleeper I
never wake up you're gonna wake up
before me and you should go to like an
animal farm for like a week and I'm
gonna have to come find you
yes I just tweeted oh come on bro all
yeah okay well okay here you go pay
double
krumping is cute I paid you double so I
get to know ya yeah so I just saw went
down the street to bring my bike
into the shop for a tune-up it's the
bike that I wrote in college and I lent
it to my brother for a couple of years
so I haven't wrote it in why I haven't
read it in like years but he hasn't
written it in like a couple months so I
want to get it tuned up because I want
to be riding I think more and it's a
bike that I literally rode everywhere in
college I took it on the train with me I
took it to my job to school and I loved
it so I'm psyched to have it that I
incidentally and right next to Goodwill
and I took Jenna's car because my bike
and we have a bunch of bags of old
clothes that we need to donate so I'm
going to bring them in to Goodwill now
all right so I'm gonna donate some
clothes now and then all calm but I'm so
psyched about my bike that'll be fine so
I stopped and got some gas I'm filling
up Jenna's car cuz it's like literally
on empty and it's been empty for like
I'm gonna say a week but I'm gonna pick
my bike up tomorrow it's almost 6:00 and
then the bike shop closes station I
didn't even realize how late it was but
I'll have to pick it up tomorrow and
maybe go for a nice bike ride it should
be fun it's a really nice day out it's
like hot there's a little bit of a
breeze so it's really nice thanks for
hanging out with me minute
fuck you Dale yes it's like 3:00 in the
morning sorry I had a huge gap like that
in the vlog I got distracted with stuff
sometimes it happens you know how it is
but I just wanted to say I hope you guys
have a wonderful weekend hope you have a
good Friday I hope you have a good
Saturday and even more importantly I
hope you have a good Sunday where you
turn off any good food and relax because
I do that a lot on Sundays and I find
that it helps me recharge and get my ass
ready for the week and ready to do
everything again so have a great Sunday
but also have a great like whole weekend
I gotta be honest with you I've been
really really enjoying making the vlogs
and I'm glad that you guys continue to
enjoy them as I continue to enjoy your
guys internet friendship so thank you I
love you guys and I'll see you on
Tuesday all right later
