what's going on I am the first one up as
usual and there's construction going on
outside and it doesn't sound like
construction it sounds like someone like
riding a remote control
you hear that sounds like a remote
control fucking car I should play with
those all the times get but anyway I am
waiting for joy to stop by because she
forgot her sunglasses here so I'm going
to give them to her and then I think I'm
gonna take peach for a quick walk
because she's Restless I'm awake
everyone else's to sleep Jenna went to
bed a little later than I did last night
after we got back from a little party
thing so yeah I'm gonna maybe strap on
the GoPro and take peach for a walk got
my big camera peach as a camera and the
camera I'm shooting this with Bloggie
we're going on a little walk right now
we're probably going to go down to this
little LA River kind of like Bank where
the water runs through and it's a nice
walking area so got to get the baby out
of the house in the morning sometimes
extract the baby because her energy is
too much but I mean it's it's pretty
nice to get a morning walk in especially
when she's just terrorizing the dogs if
she's not so getting her energy out
beautiful day outside we're getting full
time lapse pshhh has trouble sometimes
like I said before like leaving the pack
but she's being good right now she had a
good walk aren't you
did you like peach cam cooker for
several alone time right now but we'll
head back home soon and reunite
was it a good walk yeah I was a good
walk you're hot
good job so I went to the gym and I get
home to a wide-open door hey Jenna yeah
yeah the door was open and I walk in and
she's laying on the floor in a batter of
clearly smelling ketchup like she was
dead realistic a state flood I made it
and Jenna pranked me she got me back for
all those pranks that I've gotten here
for it's it's it's really good like it's
on her too you can watch the whole thing
unfold but I got home to a very
elaborate prank I know I was like I
didn't know it for sure if I was going
to put it on my meat channels it was
gonna be funny but I was like laughing
so hardly no funny how much you liked
yeah you trolled through and through I
mean she put an egg on top of the door
to follow me and it didn't because I
didn't touch the door oh my plans were
file and then she literally you spoil
the bathroom so yeah uh Jenna just
pranked me encanta booby-trapped the
house which was hilarious so thank you
for that beautiful entertainment I'm
making some chicken right now you want
to see it oh yeah fog that lens off holy
shit that's my chicken
but no yeah no I think I have some
learning you have anything to say lol
blunder Thursday kayo oh good stuff so
I'm gonna eat my meal now and uh I have
to undo the booby-trapping she did to my
desk my desk is completely covered in
tape I guess I'll show you guys in a
second alright so I got to show you guys
this amazing concoction I've created for
dinner so I have my gluten-free flour
tortilla that's the only like big ones I
can find are from
but anyway I microwaved a couple of
those I have the chicken that I cooked
right here I got some chicken that I
cooked I baked it you want to put two
pieces on each tortilla fuck it was 2/3
so we got three pieces and three pieces
on there then we're going to add a bit
of cheese on each and put a little
horseradish mustard to top it off all
right so we got two little mini chicken
wrap gluten-free and fucking protein
packed and that's my dinner I just want
to show you because I'm crushing them
right now I already had one I'm gonna
have two more and reads it a hold and go
so I'm gonna take it over here while I
show you my desk which I cannot use
right now no so you why mm-hmm this is
my desk I was pranked there's literally
tape on everything even if it doesn't
render the thing useless his tape on it
so I had some cleaning up to do before I
can get to work to finish this now yo
guys so right now I am writing in my
workout notebook because I'm starting a
new program for training and I'm really
pumped about it I have a good buddy of
mine helped me create this program
basically run it for me and I'm starting
it next week I'm super psyched super
in-depth there's a lot of detail in
terms of like things that you would
normally not pay attention to in your
workouts rest period the time it takes
you to finish just set the time it takes
to finish each wrap things like that so
we're really trying to get scientific
with this to make them gains I'm super
psyched to follow a real program because
the only program I've ever really done
prior to this was the Olympic
weightlifting program that my Olympic
weightlifting coach had set for our
whole team that was you know more of a
sport thing this is more of like a
ascetic thing so I'm super psyched and
right now I'm just like writing it all
in here so I can take you to the gym
with me every day but yeah that's what
I'm doing looking on the the brains of
the gains wow that was good that was
good I'm kind of proud of that one all
right I'm going to get back to this
okay I just had the idea to break Jetta
back for what she did to me today
how you gonna scrub you got you good did
you get you you won't you
Oh Kermit's out there naughty permit you
push the door open
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah is there bit
fuckable friend guy you like
are you okay you back it's like a hermit
trap he just set for me I probably did
that the blanket Kermit traps well that
works swimmingly
I know today's prank day well it's a
judge and Russo walls you see drunk and
playing pranks I remember that like all
right guys well that's gonna do it for
today I hope you like today's prank blog
I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow
thank you for watching go Frank your
significant other or best friend right
now
