good morning guys it is another really
nice day outside I am waking up having
some tea this morning and I'm heading
over to the gym to get my day started
gonna go crush a workout and then after
I'm done with that I'm gonna be back
here and we gotta start prepping for the
podcast today because we got a shoot
today so that's what's going on but I
want to greet you guys say good morning
hope you're having a wonderful
caffeination process cuz I am in the
middle of mine I'm trying this new tea
it's like it's like black tea
and it tastes really good so we'll see
how addicted I get to this stuff but
yeah I'm gonna go to the gym now and
I'll see you guys in a bit so we are
about a podcast right now I'm getting
the room set up
I was driving earlier around town I was
picking up food and I saw a guy on one
of those fucking hoverboards and I was
like damn I want one so bad I like
snapchat those things look so fun but
yeah we're gonna get going on the
podcast right now it's gonna be fun it's
gonna be good one it's it's the first
podcast Jenna and I have had in like
three weeks just us we had three guests
in a row which is a good Street for us
but we're ready to have some one-on-one
podcasting time with you guys alright
guys I'm playing some halo right now
Jason and we're just both playing and
we've been playing for hours cuz we're
just destroying halo on legendary so
we're talking but anyway
we woke up the notification on periscope
that Josh went live so now we're both
watching Josh on periscope Wow we both
play Halo stills so we're just like
we're casually just like talking about
the game and then suddenly we'll talk
about the periscope I know he's already
losing his mind Colin's been gone like
one day not even and he's already like
he's already like periscoping about
making a pizza no we're going over to
Josh's tomorrow anyway yeah that's
that's my night right now guys super
super exciting all right I'm gonna put
the camera right into my ear so chasing
can say hi alright say hi Jason
no I think they can make it hear it over
here good morning guys I am on my way to
the gym
to get a quick workout in I gotta be
back home in like an hour and a half
even sooner so trying to get this done
pretty quick get in and out open also
have a good workout hope you guys are
doing all right now it is it is now
Tuesday
we got a couple things to do my
brother's gonna stop by and drop some
stuff off and then tonight we're going
to to Josh's house for Jason's birthday
it'll be a lot of fun I've been looking
forward to this for a couple days now so
that's what we're doing tonight what I'm
gonna try to do is bust out the vlog
before I head over there so I don't have
to either edit tonight when I'm done at
their house or in the morning and give
it to you guys late I want to give it to
you guys on time so it's gonna be a busy
day which is awesome so I'm heading over
to the gym I'm gonna get this in and
then I'll be back all right
nice and cleaned up it always feels good
to get a nice clean shave so yeah I just
I cleaned up a bit we're doing some just
kind of home stuff today cleaning up
Jenna has like a phone interview in
about an hour so we're kind of hanging
here but I need to figure out food cuz
I'm trying to get hungry we haven't gone
grocery shopping or gotten our groceries
for the week yet so there's like no food
in the house so I'm trying to figure out
what exactly to eat or if I should just
cave in and get what I always get which
you guys know what that is or I could
just go order 20 quail eggs there's that
but yeah we're gonna figure out some
lunch we got a couple more things to do
and just kind of getting stuff done
today tomorrow's video day but we're
getting ready for tonight as well it's
all good had a great workout this
weather makes it very easy to stay happy
so thank you weather alright yeah so I'm
gonna figure out some lunch right now
and go back in the house I just
literally came outside I mean the lights
great here but I came outside to just
like look at this guy and look at the
weather it's nice and cool in her house
cuz we have the a/c on but to go outside
it's just like yeah it is beautiful
I hope it's beautiful where you are it's
not I'm sorry alright I got lazy if
you're a larger human being like me and
you need the gains in the food putting
these beautiful poached eggs 1 broken on
top of your Chipotle bowl ads just like
the perfect amount of protein and
filling so you're not like upset after
the ball is gone you're like fully
satisfied double chicken and two poached
eggs that is right the muscle children
won't help either we go in right now I'm
sitting here watching some twitch
streams because that's I'm starting to
get into like watching different twitch
streams because it like it's fun to
watch first of all and second of all it
helps me learn the things about how to
stream properly because I'm looking at
streams that absolutely put mine to
shame in terms of like how they look
kind of like following a bunch of
channels right now we're gonna go soon
so I should get ready and maybe change
my clothes and maybe clean up a tee all
right
happy birthday Jason
we're celebrating Jason's birthday Brett
Josh's the clip you just saw was Josh
thinking that
we're a birthday boy what and the guy
who thinks my games make mistakes it's
going in the blog you're lucky that I
whispered to you Verity side so enjoy it
did you give them subtitles you don't
know you're sober right I give them
anyway yeah Gemma's gonna come in like a
couple minutes later than me she's not
feeling well yeah so she'll be here soon
but I'm eating
Gaby's famous buffalo chicken yep it's
unreal I don't have my good camera
there's three periscopes going on which
means nurse
now Julian is the king of dance the king
of dance king of swag yo so we we got
back home and we actually hung out for a
while and had a nice chat with a bunch
of people over there now it's almost
4:00 in the morning and I'm finishing
editing the vlog so you guys can have it
in the morning peaches are my sure
because she can't behave right now she's
got too much energy for this time of
night I just wanted to close the vlog
right now and say thank you guys for
watching and I had a great time that I
really good people everywhere in that
party and sorry for some of the footage
that's less than normal in the vlogs but
hopefully you can appreciate it
sometimes when you're hanging out
friends it gets kind of goofy and all of
our vlog cameras look exactly alike so
sometimes that shit happens but I love
you guys I'll see you tomorrow for the
next vlog and have a great day thanks
for watching
