hey guys what's up I am still trying to
recover from the whiskey last night it's
it's not necessarily like a hangover
like a headache type thing it's more of
I had a little caffeine I'm hydrating a
ton but I still just feel slow and it's
almost four and I wanted to workout it
like noon so I'm still trying to like
make the commitment to get dressed to
work out take some pre-workout and get
going
I just feel slow like mentally
physically alcohol can do that sometimes
so I'm just gonna continue hydrating but
I hope your Tuesday mornings going well
gonna have a great workout I've been
really enjoying my workouts lately just
because I'm I'm healthy like it
sometimes
it takes you to get like injured to
remember how some it is to just be able
to Train and right now I'm healthy and I
have nothing hurting and so every time I
start working out I'm just really
embracing it so I'm in a good place at
that so I'm excited I'm gonna get a good
workout in and then I'll check back with
you guys in a little bit Brett might
come over tonight
I'm on Team Rousey it's all good I am
headed over right now to Josh's house to
pick up Josh because we're gonna go to
the driving range for a little bit it's
really hot out so we'll see how this
goes but I just kind of want to go the
range so we're gonna go do that right
now so let's go hit some balls in the
blazing hot valley let me know guys
because this is my first day really
testing out the new rig camera and
everything set up with the water lens
and everything so I guess give me some
feedback I've seen the feedback about
this lens not being super steady it
doesn't have the stabilization that vlog
he does but I'm doing my best to hold it
as steady as I can because I really like
this camera
and I'll obviously still use log e
because log is incredibly convenient but
definitely let me know how the sound and
the picture looks everything with this
camera because I'm digging it and I like
it and I like you and I'm gonna go to
golf balls now it does look right this
is dumb dude why is that looking this
intense walking camera but it's
relatively light like this is smaller
than a DSLR everyone my brother's like
oh is buggy we branded a li you branded
this guy's name is Liu Liu oh it is
actually yeah oh cool oh there it is
yeah josh is getting the hang of it it's
been over 10 years right yeah it's been
10 years since Josh saw Ralph up we come
to this range because it's like the
least
golfy driving range ever there's like
not really expensive people here it's
run down no one's gonna judge you
cool breeze yeah we'd be toast
so I just had a blast hanging out with
Josh I had not caught up with Josh since
his wedding so it felt really great to
get back on the same page with him talk
stuff over glad we did that
we even spoke about some shadow business
speaking of shadows on my face right now
I hope your bodies are ready for more
shadows because if not done guys it's
not done anyway headed home right now I
think Brett might be over right now not
sure either he's over or he's not over
so it's one of those two
Cara Brett give me the other hand the
emoji oh happy 5e marble I'm using
Bloggie right now because it's probably
impossible to shoot with my bigger
camera in this light but it's Friday
night
we're Friday night Inge Brett's brother
Tyler is in town for the weekend so
we're just celebrating and having a good
time kind of figuring out we're gonna do
I have a feeling it's gonna turn into
just music videos all night and drinking
which I do not have a problem with Brett
and I are gonna blow up the air mattress
right now to have for Tyler later when
he crashes I was like yeah let's plug it
it'll be fun it's an inner match is
blowing up alright so I just left the
camera in here sick time-lapse battery's
dead I was gonna do a time-lapse of this
blowing up but I need to fix that too
oh there we go but I need new battery
now should vaughese battery's dead right
now let's do a real fucking time
I said air mattress has a mind of its
own with it it's done done
so guys I'm just waking up I say that so
much I am just getting up because that's
when I pick up the camera I'm about to
go upstairs I'm gonna do some
kettlebells I had fun last night
which means I'm slow today but I'm
caffeinated I'm feeling better so once I
finish my workout we'll probably figure
out what we're gonna eat tonight while
we watch UFC 190 watching a fight we
need Buffalo so whether it's buffalo
wings or buffalo dip or cauliflower
buffalo wings so we'll figure something
out because we need to eat some Buffalo
and watch these fights I want to say
good morning it's the next day I'm gonna
go work out now
all right I wanted to do this before I
forgot but I haven't done this in a
really long time on a vlog and you guys
have been asking for it so here it is
fuck you Dale fuck you Dale well you
know yo so I'm finally sitting down and
watch the fights peach is super sight
about these fight tonight as I am so I
was marvel we ordered a little pizza and
wings because it's Saturday and we
decided that was the easiest route to
feed us while we watch the fight so I'm
excited about that so yeah we're just
gonna be chilling watching the fight
probably won't log too much during the
fight but I will vlog a little bit later
and close tech vlog then but I just want
to say hi
go Rousey so we we watched the fight
great fights Rousey wildly impressive as
always but it was a good time we we hung
out and watch some fights which is what
we love to do given that we kind of went
a little bit hard
Thursday and Friday night it was nice to
take a night to just chill out and watch
the fights and then we played some video
games so we're just kicking it laying
low right now so before I close the vlog
I have two quick things I want to tell
you one MOC put out probably the best
haul video that anyone's ever made it's
called the expensive fashion home and
it's on her channel so you can click
right there to watch it it's also be in
the description it'll be worth your time
and you might not want to not watch her
videos she gets mad the second thing is
that like I had mentioned earlier in
this vlog the shadows are coming back
there are no announced dates nothing's
official yet but we are going to be
doing more shows for information on the
shadow tour follow our new shadow tour
official account which we're going to
post up to date information about tours
dates locations stuff like that that is
this account at the shadow tour check
that out of you guys of any interest in
seeing me live but yeah that's it thank
you guys for watching I love you guys
have a great day and I'll see you
tomorrow
