happy birthday guys I'm on a roof from
Target why am I on a roof of target you
might ask herself at a time like right
now sometimes you just got to go on the
roof of the target I'm just kidding
shooting a time-lapse it is a beautiful
day one of those days where it's like
really hot really sunny but there's
still some nice-looking clouds in the
sky it's kind of cool to just get
outside and taking it nice traditional
workout gonna shoot some stuff and then
head home probably have a couple things
to get done before we go to Gabi and
Jason tonight we'll probably buckle down
and do some stuff Jenna's doing a radio
show right now I'm standing on a roof
hey what's up good morning Friday
yo guys so uh honestly I just got so
tired I took like a nap cuz after we
recorded Jenna's radio show I was just
exhausted so I like laid down for a
little bit but I just like five minutes
ago tasted the whiskey that I've been
ageing in my own barrel that my friend
Sonya got me and sent to me so kindly
and I had been aging it for like three
weeks and I'm not going to give too much
away because I'm making a separate video
on my process of aging and tasting my
own whiskey which will be probably on my
second channel just Julianne but it was
really really interesting to be able to
taste a difference like a significant
difference in the whiskey that have aged
in my own house
and I'll definitely be doing it more and
I can't wait for you guys to see the
full video because it's going to be
documented from about two months period
of tasting and aging and my results and
everything so you'll see that so it's
really cool also it was nice to have a
glass of whiskey right now because I
needed it was like a glass of whiskey
before I have more glass of whiskey
tonight with Jason he's a whiskey guy
also fYI this is the last time you were
going to see me probably vlog like this
on this lens I love this lens it's a
great lens but it's not really made for
vlogging like this I mean sort of it
could be you know I could technically
use it like that it's just a bit tight
I'm really extending my hand I'm even
using the gorilla pod to get more
distance and hold it properly but with
my next lens it's coming tomorrow I'll
be able to you know hold the camera like
right here and it will look like that
you'll see everything you'll have more
frame of reference I'm really excited
because I love one new toy company we're
just chilling out right now my peach me
chillin and we're gonna probably get
ready to go soon which is going to
consist of me putting on sweats and
shoes cuz we're not going in public
we're just going to see our friends
which is nice yeah I just want to let
you guys know that I tasted the whiskey
that I was aging myself which is pretty
cool I should probably go back inside
now and have another glass of whiskey
yeah making a quick run to the store
right now just to grab a bottle of
whiskey to bring over to Jason's so I
don't show up 50 handed
I just used something called energizing
face scrub I bought it because it said
the word energizing and it smells like
strong like it would wake you up you
know like a smelling salt but my face
doesn't feel energized my face just
feels like my face anyway
you're welcome to the update look out
there oh my gosh Barry oh you want to
get there you want to get this oh my god
Barry wants to get below
- I know away that's what now I
understand the Barry scum yeah Barry
skull Jason does periscopes called
periscope this is Barry
Arnold and hearts all new friend little
baby boy the most atomic and just for
reference you know that's how big he is
yeah
so little thanks for having us over but
we're just gonna
hey Ben get your face you are Barry yeah
I want it I see his face
he's very dear to me good there you
wanna come home with us oh my god I know
he was scared of him yeah he's not gonna
like this you wanna toys are against you
he was pretty creative these yeah whoa
Barry sounds like something I would
were you wrong adjacent Yogi's for
playing this game it's so frustrating
and when you do and you do bad you get
something wrong they make fun of you so
I'm just raging over here very well
AJ sitting Mary and the most incredible
buffalo chicken dip I've ever
experienced in my life made by the
gabbie you made that amazing crazy
Dragon Ball you know quiet by yourself
the first game I got - twelve thousand
dollars in the second game I got -
$11,000 igniters you're not wrong
Jenna's like beasting it she hits like
17,000 killing us why are you so good at
trivia is it as your brother did your
brother being the answer's no that was
her brother's so good at trivia I like
it done fucking suck at this game and
I'm not bad at trivia I'm good at
drawing
I'm just horrible this game and he makes
him mad so he takes me out of my
subject all right we found a better game
where we have to lie about the answer
and I'm Shia LeBeouf Deniz loving Barry
Alden heart come back tomorrow to get
Barry engine is not good gap this guy
just ain't at anyway daddy's little leaf
with Barry I'm Debbie how are you gonna
handle that I'm not going to be don't
tell our hello nard I won't be here
tomorrow you never married anytime you
meet there you just want him tender now
wants a cat oh oh I've always wanted a
cat but I never wanted one this dad for
long
well I've never even been open to the
idea of having a hat I met Barry cuz I
bring cash every hat I've met like
fucking taxi I'm telling you like I
don't know how to deal with this me cats
out there yeah like you're very
different from dogs honestly yes they're
the opposite look into Barry look good
owning a brat like you sir I just get
like 12 hours of this good to be your
call Bob hey Ellie can't stop taking
pictures of him with a picture Jenna and
I got it just imagine this as like a
picture I just took that picture of
Jenna and airy and it's unreal he was
going zero very real quick and I was
little berries zero
where are you going Barry zero real
quick on tires eat more of this please
good I'm telling you animal whisperer
animal we animal whisperer me not fair
no he's really there you come very very
sick
are you listening yet we need a real
picture with their picture and the
working does he do again oh my god Perry
is so tiny here's one stay up past your
bedtime make out girl group picture it
Barry
we're very scoping very sad so good so
listen to vlogmas saw porta team and
also knocking him oil the party to close
the bar because right now we're just
very scoping have a great job good
morning guys
I'm just waking up right now and
caffeinated and getting my day started I
had a great time last night
but first things first the new lens came
so let's put it on wow this thing is
nice I'm barely holding my arm out that
far this is how far I can extend it so
really gives you a wide frame of
reference but this is the new lens I am
just getting everything set up for the
day I'll probably start editing the vlog
because I haven't edited last night's
portion of the vlog yeah I'm really
digging this because the audio is gonna
be much better on this camera what are
this we also got another package let's
see what we got I love these tabs oh
this is badass
UFC sent this does anyone know who that
is I don't know who that is
it should have written her name
somewhere I'm psyched about their fight
the big UFC pay-per-view from Brazil
Rousey's fighting I feel like Rossi's
fighting like every month it's crazy
maybe we'll talk about that on the
podcast this week all right
I'm gonna close the vlog I want to get
this up for you guys so you can watch it
today while there's still daylight out I
love you guys so much thank you for
watching another week of my vlogs have a
great weekend guys
and if I may I'd like to leave you with
a little nugget what's going on in my
brain you're a hard worker people will
know you don't need to tell everyone I
love you guys I'll see you on
