my time in the tepee time moves slow
best relax of mine
I like when you can't ride the spine I
like it when we lose track of time
so just finished working out at the new
gym it was it was a good gym I got a
good workout in but it really was so
small like I'm looking for like a
private gym I'm kind of sick of like
giant amounts of people who are just
hogging up all the machine to the big
gym so I'm looking for a smaller gym to
workout it this was very small so it
might not be the one but I'm glad I
tried it now I'm heading over the hill
to see my mom and I brought a little
friend with me yes we're going on an
adventure beach it's been such a long
time since you wrote in this little car
seat yeah she's got a little bit of
separation anxiety from the other two
dogs so she's kind of confused right now
but you'll be all right he'll be with
other dogs in no time I gave peach a
tree to like having the car she was
starting to whine and just to keep her
busy and she like buries it so I put it
down and then I put it like in there and
then she wants it again so peach what is
it do you want to bury it or you want to
chew on it can you decide please oh
please see how bright is the turn the
camera see the thing is she's very
restless because this is not normal
taking her out by herself which I want
to start doing more justice she doesn't
get like this she will be very restless
and testy and whiny on the way to
whatever I'm taking her to but she's
obviously going to have a blast where we
are because it's always
and then I guarantee you she'll just be
dead asleep on the way back I just
crashed because she's gonna play your
heart out when we get to my mom's
because they have two dogs and you know
what there's no need for any of that
because I'm giving you treats in the car
giving you pets and scratches and you're
still crying at me give a little time
right enough friend they'll be playing
with your best friend's in the world
soon people kissing you all okay we made
it to the Santa Monica and peach is
happy about it are you happy about it
she's like so hot I Marlins here yes
we're driving down to get some lunch
right now meet my mom normally my mom
just brings all the dogs to all the
restaurants and I'm just like how much
take it to go yeah that's just yeah
let's just go
that's nothing easy but it's beautiful
out right now the peach is loving it are
you living she's loving this tea get on
the couch
go sit we're taking a picture he cheated
sit Hey peachy on the couch come here
she's not listening good girl
oh that's a good pair TT you're not
looking at the right oh my god close
your legs that's unladylike you get a
good picture yeah good we jump omen
named my brother
and then our little baby goes Oh peachy
you'll bird you'll board
she makes bird noises how did you train
I really want honey did she jumps a lot
yeah honestly peach just did it one day
and we were like peach now you're gonna
do that on command because that's fun
Jenna still trying to teach Kermit like
she'll just be like crap because he used
to do it before peach was around just
tap your chest and go up up up and then
once she does even a little jump you
have to like reward her right away there
you go now now you gotta give her like
praise exactly exactly yeah peach is a
pro she already knows how to do it yeah
peachy peachy
she haha she's like no how about no guys
give me oh oh
Ouija mines the dog
look at the cutest bed that someone said
I wanted to show you yeah among other
things
my man doll I think her name was Mia you
think oh yeah let's see then you guys
wanna get in the car you guys want to
get in the car model you want to drive
beep beep are you driving the car come
again shotgun uh so cute they're just
like flopping out of it okay Kermit
likes the car or criminally sitting
shotgun gonna go on a road trip with
your sister
but you don't want to sit in the car
buddy can we clear it out so you can sit
in there Kermit are you driving Kumi oh
my god
third driving that's adorable this is a
great bed could you like wait don't
forget me any little condensed like
current love someone there yeah because
they like swaddle him he just sitting
outside the car pretty cute right yeah
there's got a cop rebel probably you
want to go for a ride you are going for
a ride
probably you want to drive peachie you
want to lick your badge let's do a
bubble
BBT peloton commit loves it thank you
well thank you for sending this to us I
think I think it was Mia and they sent
dog treats and outfits and toys you guys
get boyo boyo
yo guys so right now I am preparing some
dinner cooking chicken on the barbeque
so I can eat right and feel good and I
marinated the chicken so it's not just
plain so we're all good but Jenna is
getting going on video ideas right now I
see her messing around it's really funny
yeah so we're gonna have some dinner and
then get crackin on her video it was so
hot today but I'm cutting all of that
out you can't hear it cuz the blanks
directed at me ha ha I'm not taking my
shorts off I'm not gonna she just missed
putting food coming up you want to see
what I'm cooking here let me show you
oh yeah baby Oh God it says it's like it
550 degrees that can't be good I'm using
my bigger camera right now because I
want to mix it up I want to be using
this more I even just got another lens
for it because this lens a little tight
it's like a little close I want to have
room so you don't just see my stupid
head
you know I want you to see other stuff
like I could be holding something really
cool right now but you would never know
because it's offering my new lens you
won't miss that once that chickens done
I'm going to crush it and I'm making
some rice inside and it might do the
poached eggs thing because I'm so in
love with that and you guys seem to like
it too also tomorrow we are going to go
over to Jason and Gabi's house for those
who don't know Jason is a friend I met
through Josh because they're friends and
Gabi is his girlfriend and she's a sort
of a part-time youtuber but she's a
singer she was in one of the shadow
tours singing a song but they're both
super cool and we're gonna go have like
chill night with them couples chill
night sort of thing I'm really excited
that because I've been playing games
with Jason like halo online cuz he's a
gamer and he's so funny so that should
be really fun I'm gonna get my chicken
says so alright and we filmed the whole
video in the back of my desk back at
Monday ask we did a video today sexual
Wednesday video it was like the photo
booth challenge except we use this app
called helium booth or something where
it messes with your voice too and it's
seriously hilarious so that's what is on
her channel from today or today yeah
tomorrow yesterday last night I don't
know where I am but it was fun we had a
good time we laughed a bunch and that's
always good but yeah we are going to sit
down and edit this like right now I
really wanted I'm really really trying
to take like my fitness seriously right
now I feel like once I make it past like
a week of buckling down on my diet and
workout I just hit this groove and it's
either like I keep going or I stop and
the week is that point and I feel like
that you know I've gotten so close to
passing that point so many times and I
just give up or some stuff happens like
busy I don't sleep much but I'm really
really really trying to you know take
responsibility and get it done
because I want to be comfortable and I
want to feel strong and in good shape I
know that sounds kind of vain but vanity
and small doses can be a good thing so
I'm not gonna eat food even though I'm
looking at pictures of in an hour and up
that is uh that's what I'm doing but I'm
gonna close the blog I love you guys so
much thank you for watching this vlog
and
I've been waking up in the morning every
single morning for the past a couple
months it's become such a routine of
just reading through every comment
that's on the vlog because you guys
actually do have an impact on wanna have
a blog and what I do and I'll listen to
you guys because feel like your
criticism is very valid you guys are
awesome
I'll see you guys tomorrow for the last
vlog of the week and I'll see you on
snapchat in between and after everything
I love you guys see mom
you
