hey guys
good morning we're gonna go out on a
Sunday little adventure right now we're
gonna go take the dogs and make a couple
errands along the way and then go to the
dog park
let's go marble are you sinning we'll be
sitting in the cubby for marbles that's
where the drinks go not the marbles this
is the naughty seat so incur MIT isn't
strapped in and he's climbing around the
car this is where he goes this is baby
Jail in the car
doesn't he look miserable Brett spaceman
buzzes winning buzzy it's okay
had it you guys having a good dark part
time you guys tired
where's weed she's on the ground peachy
are you tired you guys are being so
funny
yeah you like the dark mark on genna's
just taking that pictures of the dogs
right now cuz they look really cute and
tired
that was fun they took like maybe three
or four Sprint Center there
so hot out hey guys I picked up the
camera for like an hour
yesterday and then I put it down so
today is the next day we are teaming up
today to do a big-ass clean of our
bedroom our bedroom was a bit of a mess
and we've kind of just put it off for a
bit we've had the rest of the house very
clean but a bedroom has been a mess so
we are going to buckle down and put some
work into doing the bedroom today which
is a super interesting thing to talk
about don't you think cleaning but we
will be doing that later on tonight
there's something we more exciting than
that Rob Dyke from Massachusetts also
from YouTube is coming to our house
he's in town from VidCon he stayed a
little extra and he will be podcasting
with us the podcast is already up by the
time you're looking at this but he's
going to podcast with us which I can't
wait for because he's fucking terribly
interesting and then after we'll hang
out of it because we love Rob and he's
good guy and he's dad dad goals so dad's
coming over later a podcast and hangout
which I'll talk a bit of should be fun
but first its adult time even though I'd
rather just kind of talk to you and not
clean I gotta clean because I don't know
if you guys have noticed I haven't
blogged in my bedroom in like a long
time time to clean up
let's go so we're doing a quick break
we've been going at it for a few hours
now we're doing some high school peaches
being just downright adorable right now
you just hang paint commune me I found
this little uh little bit mana piece
right here
I think someone gave it to me for her
and I put it on her and she's just being
so cute it's a hot day so she's nice and
calm but I took a break from cleaning to
do a little work at my desk and I put
this little bed right next to my desk
when I was setting up the room and she
loves it she sits there and she looks at
me and then she'll just get tired of
looking at me and then come up and sit
with me she's just like sometimes she's
an absolute terror but sometimes she is
the most loving sweet angel of an animal
and she's so soft I hope she never loses
that like soft fur I know she's going to
like slowly as she gets older take pity
we're gonna get back to cleaning
quit texting me I figured I would just
like take breaks and vlog and not show
you us cleaning because that's stupid
maybe I'll show you a little bit I'll
show you a little bit okay I don't even
know what to say she's just fucking I
know what she's dreaming
we're cleaning right now and we've been
cleaning all day hi gah
hi Carmen are you cleaning okay well
thank you but we're doing a lot of good
stuff in this room right now it's just
past five now so less than two hours
till Rob's here for the podcast it
should be fun
teach is still in timeout are you in
timeout peach do go potty in the
bathroom right after I cleaned we'll
probably have to do a little bit
tomorrow just because it's so much but
it's going really well
and cleaning is not fun but it makes you
feel a lot better when you're done so
we're done for the day
or at least for right now because we had
a podcast but we're gonna pick it up
tomorrow
or sometime really soon just to top it
off but I just want to show you this was
covered with crap before this whole area
and we cleaned it and now we're just
finishing up some laundry and peachy
keeps sitting on our clothes because
that's what peach does why you do that
Tara Matthews and Slade yes I'm done I'm
gonna go set up the podcast room and
then we'll get going with that dad's
here
we just podcast it and it was really fun
right for us presents for everyone yeah
Oh hugs oh that was like five creepy on
skeleton key yeah well once you figure
out where the hands go once they're
behind your back that's when it gets
over great wherever the hands go dictate
how creepy it is did you know that
you're gonna like sort of announce your
like show on the podcast it was so
fucking cool aw dude I it was in honor
to do it
yeah he's ending why would you put it in
that's out there people know that about
episode 100 but he's creating a new show
and he announced it on the podcast so
you guys better go check out the podcast
we just sat there and fucking tujhe
chitchat like we do every week but it
was really fun I'm going to link the
podcast blows watch
and Rob's gonna stroke my shoulder
Jenna's looking for food right now do
you see anything you like away salads
how about all of that every one of them
holy pizza and salads salad and Jenna
doesn't like the new Twitter update
she's angry with it Jenna doesn't like
okay so here's the deal I put a tumblr
sticker somewhere in the house okay I've
seen what he Holl where's I put the
tumblr sticker somewhere in the house
somewhere
it's an odd location you guys probably
know where it is but I put the tongue
much thicker so on the house and I just
randomly looked at Robyn I said hey Rob
did you by any chance see the tumblr
sticker up in the house he goes yes but
where the fuck is it because he like
registered in his mind but he had no
idea where so here's here's the bet if
you can find it starting when we say
start in twenty seconds or less what
happens that's what we have to figure
out to figure that out
dammit I don't know if we do what do we
do okay so if he finds it in twenty
seconds or less I'm gonna put a
subliminal message of me doing something
weird in this blog that you have to
catch really fast and if he does after
twenty seconds I'm gonna put some random
weird to blow my message in the podcast
so you better you better get quick
because if you want it to be on the vlog
twenty seconds or less
you Ansel s okay okay here we go three
two one go right there on the floor oh
you fuckin ha damn it did you were you
just fucking with me yeah Jenna told me
what you took Jenna damn it damn it
honey you never said you never said I
couldn't get help Jenna where's my
subliminal message in the blog now okay
this is kind of weird like what is money
ah
you have to print the rest of your reer
I would have a bowl on the floor like a
dog
okay so Roth has decided what I have to
do on the blog I have to drink the rest
of my beer out of a bowl on the floor
like a dog subliminally subliminally so
it's just gonna be like a quick clip of
me doing it's just like like high-speed
it so it's just a whole thing but I see
you're gonna see a sped up version of me
licking beer out of a bowl doesn't have
to look for hey each have to do it
perhaps do a car with us to do it this
is bullshit
perfect this is gross oh dude come on
des jahres do it wait this big bowl
right here we go you ready
fuck you rob that was that was like 50 M
or yeah you stand out I'm not much a be
mmm that's classy that's classy as hell
man
John I'm fuckin pissed at you that's a
bullshit it does not taste good
out of all cool right away model time
welcome to the vlog everybody yes this
is my friend Julian he likes to drink
beer out of bottles weird right
you open the vault I don't know my logs
like that yeah oh hey hey what's up
because that's I'm sorry
hey what's up welcome to the wash hey
what's up Rob here just drinking beers
drinking beers at my place with Julian
for some reason he put the beer and the
fuction in a bowl and drank it off the
floor I was really weird
I'm conspired with Jenny not didn't
happen you want to give a kiss though
hmm
goodbye well whatever hey guys good
morning so we had a great time last
night hanging out with Rob I'm getting
up right now to go to gym and workout I
am actually trying out a new gym today
so hopefully it goes well but I wanted
to close the vlog right now just so I
can begin the next one but I want to say
thanks guys for watching and thank you
guys for always liking and watch
I'll see you tomorrow I need liliane
caffeinated all right
