Tenace outside getting ready sounds like
Colleen it is Colleen we're here we're
ready to do this thing
everyone's here it's fucking exciting
but first I got to go to the doctor get
a good tea too
first things first and then we'll go see
all the people in ghetto box here we go
we got some light now what's up guys
four of them agree in like two seconds
just awkwardly standing that
please don't go
so you got it
we are meet and greet almost over the
last people in line thank you guys for
waiting so long awesome being great just
finished about 150 people took us like
three hours which is honestly kind of
fast for us but it's great meeting
everyone honestly it's like I'm smiling
the whole time huge thanks everyone
waiting in line to say I have Jenna and
myself we're gonna hang out for a little
bit and then Jenna's got a handle so
we're gonna go do that but for now just
take a load off show
Oh weirdo
so Jenna's going to the bath right now
to fix her makeup because apparently she
cried some of it off doing a little bit
of sobbing at the meet agreed because
when anyone cries while they walk up and
say hi she automatically cries but we
are heading over to the panel soon so
we're gonna go to that
that stuff it's going to be free and
then get up Carly
I think my sense of humor just comes
from being myself as much as possible
and part of that I think it's just
laughing at myself as much as possible
and I think I'm super funny my goal is
to just make myself laugh and so we
finished a day one I guess our last day
of VidCon right we only have you did
everything today Jenna did her panel we
got back to the hotel
pranks ROM successful evening we got
this little mini like jumping drone and
it does this thing where it like leaps
at you and we were like room check out
this little drone like it's gonna power
down right now like it's gonna go asleep
like whines down soon and then it just
popped out and she got so scared
thank you got scared yes that's fun but
we're going to get dinner right now
because we need to feed our bodies long
day
oh yeah what nothing buddy
it's just a beautiful sunset behind me
so my brother has recently gotten me
into Jimmy John's which is like a
sandwich place but they make lettuce
wrap sandwiches and they're incredible
so we're gonna go eat that with our face
now
we're just watching everything down
we're staying
hello there see you in the corner we're
just waking up we are done with VidCon
we did everything in one day wait a good
time at the party last night I met a lot
of people didn't get as drunk as we had
liked but but it was a fun time
and I always remember like the people
that I enjoy hanging out with when I
come to these things because I get to
see them so that was really fun also he
met Marcus Perez if you don't do that is
looking up he's amazing and we told her
fangirls yeah I couldn't I was like
trying so hard to make words yeah packy
and Adam and package wins I'm gonna I
know everything
VidCon is great thank you guys for
coming those of you came to meet us and
thank you guys for watching and
following this vlog until next time I
guess right
see you guys are tomorrow for another
walk and I'll see you guys at the next
big event we go to when we go there
alright thanks for watching guys later
