I'm completely shocked and honored and
also very excited to be a human wretched
Barbies hey good morning so this morning
we are up early and Jenna's getting
ready we're headed over to get her and
measured for the wax figure which is
going to take a few hours because it's
like a really an extensive process but I
wanted to show you the hall and what
we're bringing for her figure to wear
this is stuff mostly the stuff I got
yesterday and some Jeddah stuff so we
got her Adidas shoes cuz she always
wears her Adidas sneakers this is hers
these are all her shirts right here like
shirt she wears a lot like this tie-dye
and he's purple tada and then this gray
one and then we got these new black
leggings which are very similar to the
ones she wears so she's finishing up
getting ready then we're gonna head over
and it's pretty crazy oh and the
jewelry's in here we got her a bunch of
jewelry so it's gonna be exciting and
really cool and see how it goes but
we're just trying to pack everything up
for her little twin to wear max twin
just got this hotel where we're gonna go
up to a ballroom and get Jenna measures
really interested see what the setup is
but we watch the wellas blog which was
somewhere because she had this done
laughs Jenny ready to be immortalized
weekly so we are in the Madame Tussauds
room right now there's all sorts of
crazy equipment and it was like a team
of photographers videographers artists
and they got like three hours that are
going to take pictures measurements
video and it's crazy show you guys
what's going on yeah this is damn cool
right now China is just getting briefed
from what's gonna happen but the pose
that she's going to be doing is like
taking a selfie one of her girls videos
sounds pretty cool she's gonna get tired
she has to hold the pose forever and if
you ever get time yeah
that is a couple streets over here
so many people are gonna take this
selfie with you
so right now they're thinking these
giant calipers and measuring her face
like all different angles in her face to
literally have every number course that
they need cured here I mean it's like
insane the level of precision is so key
for these guys cause like they're
literally selling a perfect judge like
that's what it is it's perfect so it's
really cool
this is like one of the coolest things
I've seen in person she did like a bunch
of stand up poses where she's like doing
the stand-up selfie pose and they
rotated her and got all the pictures and
angles and shots they needed and then
some of the measurements and then there
I think they're gonna get a teeth mold
like a gum color sample and all this
stuff she's going to be immoral
let your light shine
ah
ah
ah
holding facial any like facial pose for
that one just absolutely exhausting and
she has to do it she's still doing right
now for each measurement how's your face
is it tired you've got some with this
matching miss Clara
yeah
so they are finishing up getting her
eyeball and hair color down to the exact
shade and they're gonna have her over by
this green screen to do I think some
promotional video for Madame Tussauds
but we're like nearing the end of the
process which is insane but it's been
extensive as hell all this equipment
it's just like that way it's baffling
the damn place this team that everyone
has a job and they have to do it exactly
right or it doesn't work at all so these
guys are like seriously like
professionals it's cool I think Jen is
getting a whuppin bein tired as I would
be too so you might need to get some
pizza after this little hand mold which
I have you write with my right hand and
press in like this yeah so nervous
that's perfect in black oh I used to
play on my real one time my brother put
Yakima hair and then we had to cut my
hair off oh my god cuz it can go out
it's like worse than gamma from sitting
under that chandelier no I would move
your chair then generally isn't shaking
all right so just stay there your puppy
fuck yeah
so I'm just sort of log knows your
favorite movie is draft day right and
you love flying on really small
airplanes you look lemon smaller like
really shaky small airplanes right you
got a dot on your elbow you know be
creepy if like a fighter got like a gum
colored mouthpiece there's like it never
tastes napkins bro just like doing that
I do too close that is really good I
think we're gonna take okay
yeah thank you very much just being a
great guy thank you yeah thank you it's
really fun to walk right when people oh
yeah all right so we just finished the
whole process so red gnome now and I
guess the next we're going to hear this
is when they have a reveal at Madame
Tussauds in New York so either that will
be a separate video or it'll be part of
this either way thank you guys for
watching I hope you enjoyed this kind of
really special day and the event in
Jenna's life I know I did so that's why
I bought it from yes
