what's up guys good morning I'm making a
weird face right now cuz I woke up in
like 30 seconds after I like awoke out
of bed I got something in my eye
like something that would not get out of
my eye I don't think I've ever had
something like stuck in your eye but it
hurts and it's uncomfortable and you
can't even like relax for a second
because you need to blink and yeah so
that wasn't fun so my eyes nice and like
irritated but I'm healing I'll be okay
thanks for your prayers though so we are
getting up right now today is absolutely
insane we are going to VidCon tonight to
our hotel but before that we have to a
get ready B get dressed
like we're going somewhere and C go
somewhere we're going to the Smosh movie
premiere tonight in Westland jenna is a
part of that movie she shot with them a
while ago and she's great friends with
those guys I've recently become friends
with Ian they're really really nice dude
so we're gonna go over to that premiere
and show our support and watch that
movie which looks really awesome you
guys should check out the Smosh movie if
you have a chance it's super funny
because it's like it's really internet
II but it's also something that could
appeal to everyone you know anyway I am
slowly getting like my body moving I
have a whole bunch of shit I need a pack
Jenna does as well and we need to run a
couple errands and get out of here but I
just want to say hi good morning
we got Jenna's video done early I'm
proud of that alright so we're gonna get
going now really quick tomorrow there's
gonna be a pretty sick vlog I made it a
couple months ago but I couldn't post it
until like now so I think you guys are
gonna see that tomorrow obviously I
can't say anything about it until
tomorrow when the blog comes out but
Jenna will be announcing the news about
it today do you guys will hear about it
and then you get a vlog about it right
the next day but it's pretty cool that's
all I'm saying she has a bit right so
I'm basically ready for this thing
now Jenna is finishing up and we're
gonna happen over and get going to
Westwood Village this is what I'm
wearing just a gray blazer black t-shirt
pants you know basic shit starting to
feel kind of like loopy we didn't sleep
too much last night the movie premiere
should be fun I'm honestly really
excited for the movie
I don't really get to see movies anymore
all right Jenna let's keep going and go
see a movie all dressed up like adults
we're on our way to the Austrian I'll
finally win a car and we're gonna hit
the red carpet and then I'm gonna go see
a movie meet people and say what's up
Jenna's over that face - name it's a
good pick right yeah we're almost there
and then we'll get out and get festival
it have some smart time right you give
it really drives me crazy you don't have
a play about the chocolate and a lot of
work first I cheat you back are we
looking for and then say it's time with
a light but please to respect me if you
can
after doing interviews it's really
exciting really excited never seen
Westwood before
so we finished taking pictures at the
red carpet here the premiere is gonna
start like in a half hour so people are
starting to go into the theater but I
was like constantly trying to move out
of people's way so I couldn't really
shoot too much through school there's a
lot of nice people in but yeah we're
gonna head in and come play up some pop
front or anyone platform as I can smell
it from here
nothing as good as movie popcorn ever
we're gonna go in the movie right now
and everyone's yelling at us like
security but popcorns Oh
room just gotta stand - giant action
Cochran so I'm holding one and she's
only one and she looks at me and she
goes with genican and me
raining popcorn there you go
yeah we never thought we would be doing
this really we started doing YouTube
videos many years ago hey so we're back
home that was a really fun experience
I'm really really happy for Ian and
Anthony and that whole crew putting
together like was such a big project
that that movie was it was so fun really
funny and it was great to see everyone
I'm really happy for them because
they're the nicest guys you'll ever meet
you know like you watch their videos and
they're funny and nice but they're
really really really nice also we got to
sit right behind Ricky Ricky Dillon
which was awesome because we love Ricky
and I've got to see a bunch of people
who saw Harley I'm yellow and it was
cool because it was like a quick little
pre like VidCon meet up with a bunch of
people because everyone kind of is going
to VidCon now so it was a lot of fun we
are gonna finish packing it's almost 10
o'clock right now and we haven't even
left for VidCon so we're gonna finish
packing get our shit together get in the
car say goodbye to the dogs and Brett
because Brett's watching the pups and
get over to Anaheim for VidCon so we
made it to Anaheim I'm tired but uh yeah
we made it quick drive painless no
traffic I think that's my brother
yes it's out in the Hannah I was just
talking about you
lady camera what's up camera is he's
rescuing us with food right now oh my
god oh my brother just saved my life
he brought us sandwiches and they were
so good
and we were so hungry and I have a best
brother for doing that mom what do you
have to say about saving her I was gonna
die my blood sugar
my blood sugar was like dangerously low
Jimmy Johnson yeah so we just finally
ate some food and now we're kicking it
on my brother I'm turning up Wow no for
real I'm wearing sunglasses because I'm
so tired but I am editing the vlog in
this hotel by putting some of it
together but I figured it's kind of a
short vlog right now so I'll put it off
to the morning to finish it off probably
wake up with you guys say what's up and
right before we head off to the
meet-and-greet I will close the wrong
then and you'll get it tomorrow not as
early as normal but you will get it in
the morning
I'll see you guys in a matter of seconds
for you but for me I'm gonna have a nice
very not long night's sleep
see you guys in a second good morning
guys we woke up just a bit ago had a
little bit of food got a little bit
caffeinated still on the way to getting
fully caffeinated but I am gonna run in
the gym for a quick workout let's hit
the gym then our foes along
such terrain
things we never shit
sorry guys feeling good for the day
comment body moving a little bit and now
we're gonna get ready to go see you guys
and hug all of you I'm really excited to
meet you guys everyone waiting for
Jenna's mean greet I'll be hanging out
thanks guys for watching the vlog I love
you so much I'll see those of you at
VidCon today and the rest of you
tomorrow
thanks guys
