years since I've been
Pearson Express in Toronto
we made it
and now we're heading
via the UT
I'm honestly really excited to be back
in Toronto
it doesn't feel like a whole year is
past some of our getting on the up1 in
the same hotel just feels like it was
recently we don't have too much to do
today we're gonna go check into the
hotel and
walk around after
look at the beautiful
weird because I feel like this exact
room was where I stayed last year like
it's exactly the same distance away from
the elevator we might have stayed in the
same room last year the only difference
is Jenna's not here which is a big
bummer right now because I miss her but
I'm happy to be here I'll tell you one
thing if you're running a video-based
convention and you give away these to
your creators they will love you forever
I was actually gonna buy this exact hard
drive on this trip because I'm running
out of space so now I don't have to
anyway Colin is coming to buffer we
never really announced that because it
was kind of like unsure but he's gonna
be here he's actually coming to the
hotel pretty soon I'll plan right now is
to go over here and hook up a non-stop
stream of someone playing pub G on
Twitch for the entire week like I'm
gonna have the background noise of pub G
playing right here throughout this
weekend and while I listen to pub G I'm
going to look at the beautiful same view
that we had last year it feels good to
be in Toronto feels fucking good to be
in Toronto man
burning loss I have a fantastic I can
vouch on pure experience that you
absolutely do not bullshit it was the
town was one block the entire town was
this block so we're gonna go to a place
called fat bastard's burrito someone
tweeted at me but I had an idea that I
thought was kind of cool I brought a
bunch of pins with me and I thought it'd
be cool to maybe hide a couple around
downtown Toronto and tweet out where
they are or snapchat where they are and
see who finds them so I think that's
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna I'm gonna do
a couple right now I honestly can't
believe Colin made it it's kind of what
it's kind of wild I can't believe you're
here it's so weird real curious why Liz
you only here for two days of customs
yeah do they gave us shit at customs -
Oh at customs the woman was like what's
your business here we were like oh we're
here for a film festival she was like
what's it called and we were like buffer
Film Festival she said how's that
different than the Toronto Film Festival
I was like it's a different Film
Festival yeah he was like we're greens
yah here so I'm just just coming to hang
that's a good I'm sure you prep for that
answer and he goes with who he goes why
such a short trip
that's a mighty expensive plane ticket
danyoung
so this burrito is absolutely fucking
fantastic
that's calling walking in the background
we decided no one knows he's here so we
decided I was just gonna have him walk
in the background on my snaps like
really inconspicuously all night and
maybe even tomorrow until people pick up
on it it's just gonna be him walking
maybe like all tweet to like man I
really wish I was in Toronto
it looks like Bigfoot and then this has
to go like yeah and then and then we'll
take a picture of the close-up look I've
got the spot I've got the spot but hang
on are you walking you gotta walk behind
him in in camera you can find it it's
yours right there go get the pin what do
you think that's good that's good
it's just peachy enough I really do feel
just like Toronto is a much cleaner New
York right
is that crazy yeah it's just so fucking
beautiful
wellington and university ask what you
just asked and I said no busted right
so we are calling walk behind me I'm
like I did three snaps turtle and you
guys have already caught on you caught
on so fast it was all about lasted you
guys are fucking detectives man I can't
we need water they will bring a picture
of ice bleed bottles of it
we need bottles we need bottles of water
because we're thirsty supposedly there's
a Tim Horton's around the corner so
we're gonna walk around the corner and
if no one gets a bottle of water
Collin is being blamed 150 thousand
percent already okay sure yeah Danny
Hana tomorrow yes is the answer
do you finally understand my species I'm
in you finally understand you finally
get me as a person
winner winner chicken dinner she said it
winner winner fucking rice can we can we
end tonight already
good morning it's time to go do press
I told him he had to wear a sweater
we're all done with most of the
obligations that we had today we did
press we got our tux fitted and it's all
kind of done so now we're literally
gonna go explore something this is this
is fun
I just wish Jenna's here but we're we're
doing the fun thing now we're going to
explore Toronto and I love Toronto also
we are gonna drop more pins but this
time I think we're gonna spy on them to
see no guess if Rome you want to meet
the pigeon
0:01 was fine
I wanna try to introduce room is some
Canadian pigeons I think she liked them
like a couple hours earlier they're
setting up this exhibit right here this
looks crazy I was thinking you could
hide underwater and when someone gets
the pin you just jump out so he dropped
the pin under the Oh like in the Oh
actually we're gonna loop around so we
have sort of a vantage point and we're
gonna spy to see who finds the pin we're
just literally standing here watching to
see who's gonna come find this pin I'm
gonna just snapchat them and ambush
we're gonna ambush them we're talking to
our actual do you want to go swim in
that lake you guys take a picture like
with nobody in the middle yeah I want to
show you someone came from the
Netherlands to Toronto you falling down
this is mainly for Jenna this clip yeah
what the fuck did you just say she's
from another regions oh my god no they
were yeah
well it is just oh my god it is just
about that time the short films
screening is in fine hour-and-a-half and
I'm finally gonna premiere our short
film Eclair love I'm really excited
we're gonna go do this thing Colin's
coming which I'm very very happy about
for this project it was a no-brainer to
have him on he wrote it I directed it
and the main thing we wanted to do was
something completely different from my
other content just way on the box and
you know not take ourselves too
seriously so we worked with Christine
and Elijah
we did it the big screen obstacle here's
the big screen all right
thank you for this this is great
screening went great it seems like the
response to the video is just awesome
you guys laughed a lot and throughout
and it felt great to make something so
completely different than anything I've
ever touched and have it you know
entertained so thank all of you for the
support and a special special special
thanks to Christine Elijah and Jeff and
of course my partner Colin
really
barely fit we're waiting to go into the
final screening or Gallup and this is
like last bit of buffer so we're all
dressed up but I just met someone that I
think have to be on
are you seeing this this is a real thing
this you're seeing this we have a
witness one way he's going to kill me
