Josh just did his first purpose of his
entire life hey your phone burpees are
not easy especially for the first time
ever but he got through him so I was
good job good job Josh
yeah we're just out here throwing that
frisbee hey guys what's up welcome to
the ball gets the first button look how
tiny is - we'll get in slow-mo door I'm
just kidding I'm just kidding he's
recovering I was in fencing going for a
little ride right now broom is coming in
a bit but we're gonna offer a little
ride around and which of the Iggy's get
to come which is the Lucky Iggy today
this one Kermit
come you want to come with us he loves
coming to this truck yeah it's like a
special alone time peachy now you peachy
go come on buddy you wanna go for a ride
by yourself buddy
yeah you're excited by Jen went inside
to get stuff but I gotta stay with karma
in the car cuz it's too hard to leave
you it's hotter than temperature boiling
don't cry it's okay you're cute boy huh
you love running errands okay Kermit no
crying I hear you like trying to cry
it's like what someone's like crying and
crying and crying and then they're like
out of cry but they're like trying to
continue grinding that's that's what
Kermit is doing Kermit's it's good man
you don't need a crime all right it's
all right it's okay
he's so troubled by his own mind there
she is there's mommy there's mommy
oh my god that's how you leave your pet
in the car when in time yeah daddy look
he only cried the whole time he
appreciates it though he loves going on
like long trips
okay good doc go ride with mommy dad
though boy are you ready to see your
siblings they're so cute when they're
all reunited yeah let's see whatever
coming you ready see oh yeah yeah boy
see mobile honey can you look me up okay
that's creepy bro he doesn't want to get
trampled oh please Mitchie easy here yes
we should have peaches middle name be
easy because we're always saying peachy
easy click when your mom calls you by
your first and middle name you know
shit's real peachy easy Pizza peanut and
pheenoh peachy peachy what are you doing
are you trying to get through my legs
what's going on here I'm gonna trap you
T try to do this your weird little butt
you asked to come up here and then you
just try to find a way out I want to
bring you to VidCon you would just give
everyone kisses
what are you doing oh please she's
watching an Elder Scrolls periscope and
throwing as many hearts as she can
I can't get in the chest - you're so
fast - true like my girlfriend's
addicted to Elder Scrolls so I'm gonna
try something a little risky right now
and I feel like pretty brave for wanting
to try it so if you could send me
support and then really give me good
vibes over the Internet I appreciate it
but what I'm gonna do is I ordered a
chipotle bowl yes ordered because we can
do that now future I'll keep your things
just future things I normally just get
like chicken black beans white rice and
the mild salsa like that's it but
sometimes that can get just a little bit
bland so you know I'll throw hot sauce
on it from time to time or whatever but
what I want to do now and I might have
like a horrible idea in this but it also
might be like a wonderful creation is I
want to poach like an egg or two and put
it on top of a bowl mix it like with the
yolk and stuff I know you guys who don't
like eggs
you're not having is good idea fair
enough but for those of you do like eggs
and also do like Chipotle what you think
is everyone in the world maybe you'll be
interested in trying this I'm gonna try
it and I'm going to show you my reaction
and how it is I guess I'm gonna try to
upgrade Chipotle today wow I'm at it I
might as well show you guys how I poach
eggs because I've seen comments asking
how I do it since I apparently know how
to poach eggs really well you're gonna
take like I'm so nerve-racking oh oh
that was scary anyway you take about a
cup and a half of water maybe like two
cups and you start to boil it in a
little saucepan like that what you're
going to do is wait till it gets to a
boil and you're going to take a stirring
spoon and you're going to stir the water
in the pot you want to get it flowing in
one direction so
kind of got like a tidepool effect where
it's all swirling in one direction and
once you have that that's when you're
going to drop the eggs on so I'll show
you that when we get there so now that
the water is at a light boil we're going
to get the Whirlpool going and as soon
as I drop the spoon I'm going to crack
both sides into it one at a time so
there's one and there's two and now I'm
gonna pick up the spoon and get the
Whirlpool going again and the reason we
spin it like this is to keep the egg in
one piece it makes it easier if the egg
is moving to stay as one complete unit
also if you're poaching multiple eggs it
keeps them separate from each other so
we're going to try to slowly keep this
going for like two to three minutes
until they're done without making actual
contact with this because we want to be
careful not to pop them so it started
really getting hot which means is close
to done and that should be it you're
going to shake it around so the water
gets out and this should be your final
product a poached egg so now I'm away
from my foot way all right
it came look at that thing of beauty I'm
gonna slide it right into this bigger
bowl cuz I don't need any mess in my
life yes that's a bowl
so either we ruin this valley bowl or we
change the game and completely upgraded
it I'm gonna try it per tradition when I
make poached eggs I like to pop them on
camera for you so let's mix that up a
little bit and here we go our first bite
of Chipotle Bowl upgraded with an egg
guys it's amazing guys it's amazing okay
it's decided I've completely upgraded
Chipotle poach an egg or two put it on
your volleyball thank me later
take you to the bank and get games let
me go get games now wow I'm so proud of
myself but that's cool I need my water
PTA meeting Bali Pete what do you think
oh that's so sweet
good
Oh Kermit you jealous oh so sweet
hey Viji you're goofball mm-hmm Kermit
no hands
Kermit your nervous energy is too much
you like Kermit don't care you like Bobo
yeah okay you have your permit you don't
get it trying cuz you're gonna snap at a
baby dude that guy you're that guy that
guy that does so rome just left she had
a quick meeting with jenna and brought
the little bully which is really funny
to watch Kermit and Peach interact
because they're very sweet to bully
which is nice marbles didn't get a
chance we are headed out right now to do
some last-minute VidCon shopping there's
a couple things we need to grab for this
upcoming week of things that we're going
to do we're gonna go do that now I'll
take you with me all right let's go
here we are back at the mall
Victoria's Secret so now I'm going to
walk in and try to find Jenna without
with me even though I have here in my
hand
so I went in there and gave it a look
couldn't find her I figured I was just
wait outside take her spot for me to
weigh but I got sure which is cool and
Jenna's getting stuff and she just
texted so I guess she was in the finger
I should go find Jeff but yep where come
on come on there you are I went in here
and I was like with my camera like a guy
of a secret I couldn't find you so I
just walked out
okay funny when wears them anymore and
I'm gonna win guys I'm getting a piece
of jewelry have literally never worn
jewelry in my life
good bracelet a thank you John I'm
getting this black ring made of tungsten
so it's like super indestructible and
it's just a black ring yeah I'll try it
out cause like it's cool to accessorize
Plus Arnold wears black rings and he
looks awesome so I'm getting a black
friend Julian will you take Julian to be
yourself
I do Jenna if you like it then you
should have put a ring on it
I already put a ring on it now I'm mine
oh thank you it's kind of cool right
look cool it's a little loose though
making me nervous
to be perfect it was tight like a minute
ago and now it's like loose
so lose it's probably gonna fall off
again
okay Jenna and her jammies might be the
cutest thing in the entire world this is
my favorite honestly this is your little
two-piece oh it's really cute like these
what that's awesome
it looks really comfortable it's really
like the fabrics really soft Wow
camera grubs ooh yo so we are literally
making the cauliflower recipe again this
is probably our fifth time making it
except this time we're doing barbecue
and hot sauce it's so good so we're
doing that again right now finishing off
the night but I love you guys thanks for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow for
another vlog also I'm not positive of
the timing of Thursday and Friday's vlog
they might be up 7 a.m. like normal but
they might be a little later I'll keep
you posted on social media Pete yeah oh
yeah peachy say goodbye bye the vlog all
right I love you guys we'll see you
later
you
