I'll teach you
I could take this okay who's your little
friend yeah he likes your mustache
what's that hey what's up guys
so it's randomly like really rainy him
loud this morning there was significant
thunder like a couple hours ago kind of
woke me up but it is pretty crazy to
hear that kind of thunder anywhere in
California but especially on the valley
first of all never rains and second of
all there were thunders it was super
loud like woke me up loud but of course
not Jenna she sleeps through like
everything but now it just feels like
we're in Florida it's like hot and muggy
and it's still cloudy and a little bit
of rain but anyway I'm getting started
for the day getting the podcast room
ready because we're doing a podcast
today with Joey Wolman now for those of
you who watching this and haven't seen
the podcast yeah joy is my best friend's
sister she's also the only American
ballet dancer to ever make to the
Bolshoi Kadim II look who's awake
oh hello hello hello okay I thought I
was alone and then get greedy but yes
she's an incredibly talented individual
she's been written about by like the New
York Times she's uh she's a good friend
of mine so she's coming on the podcast
and she's got a crazy story and I'm
gonna link her channel below she blocks
and it's very interesting stuff but
she's coming on the podcast today and I
gotta go set that up so that's probably
what imma do first Chris and Shannon
slept over because we convinced them to
last night at the bar and look loca good
morning for this recession I did what
we're doing I'm getting it all right so
she's doing about it cuz we just
finished podcast with joy this is joy
his walkabouts
she's absolutely incredible I mean she
basically you know about into things on
the podcast that were some of the most
like seriously cool stories all over
here Joey thank you thank you so much
for
check out that pocket camera your house
yeah you can always crash your house
yeah so this is our building the first
possession and the first position what's
right yeah let's take my position what's
gonna do now oh honey you're sure would
go really well at a restaurant
thanks Dan Chris how you doing yeah we
got a swish it in your hands
okay Nabil peace good night well write
this like this one you want to feel like
you want to squeeze your hand forward
that's how he's your kid yeah squeeze it
bunk quiz sorry
is that it oh there it is oh that's
crazy
oh oh that's just like the one minute
that's the star baby face is your balls
dude we're going to the mall because
it's raining is that can all neat stuff
at the mall
so we're having an event we're having
another adventure with all these guys
but no job okay Christmas you just see
at the Apple Store
levar burton did you say hi no he was
getting some laptop repairs done but you
may know him from famous movies and
televisions like fruits or Reading
Rainbow or Star Trek yeah yeah just cool
we're trying to find a guy on a little
Segway Ford
that's literally were walking around the
mall we heard there was a guy with one
of those things that we're going to try
to find him the thing that we're not
cool enough to get you see you extreme
that's it they don't tell you hey do not
do this how many can do this oh yeah let
me punch you ready good yeah playing a
game called badlands which is like every
player but Jenny used to place on our
iPad
like the most fun game ever with
multiple people because you all have to
rely on each other like it's just a fun
looking game like just anything
Red Rock
that works so well all we got them hey
so I just got a nice little Sunday
workout in we woke up a little late
because we stayed up pretty late playing
video games with the guys and chin and
Sarah which was so much fun we had a
great time last night Shay and Chris
left but it was such a blast having them
here like I love those guys I feel like
we've known them for years but anyway
now I'm gonna go to the park to see my
new married friend Josh he's back from
his honeymoon so I'm gonna go see him
and throw the frisbee around and kind of
just traveled which should be really
nice as you guys saw we already filmed
the podcast which I really really want
to urge you guys to go check out because
it was one of my favorite if not my
favorite podcast we've ever done joy is
such an incredible person and her
stories and her experiences there's
nothing like in the entire world I'll
link it in the description but I'm gonna
close the blog right now just because uh
that's kind of what you do is just I'm
in the blog thank you guys for watching
I'll see you guys this week who were
coming to VidCon Jennie you have
anything a blog to say elder scrolls
that's what's currently happening right
now elder scrolls hey guy hey guy guy
I'll be having a good time you sitting
with mommy huh you barked at daddy but
he still loves you peach has been so
cute every time I go upstairs work out
she'll just literally follow me around
whatever I'm doing it just like try to
get pets and stuff
your cutie your cutie
all right well I'll see you guys on the
next vlog see you tomorrow thank you so
much for watching
and uh jazz gonna play some other
Scrolls down yeah oh yeah for a change I
love you guys we'll see
Oh
