hey guys what's up ah so obviously
because we're sitting here today it's
not going to be a bra I told you guys
yesterday I have Twitter that I was
shooting a video video because I felt
like doing a challenge if you like it's
been a while since we did a challenge so
Jung ah my beautiful red hair girlfriend
is going to facetune with me we're going
to face 10 each other so I guess this is
the face team challenge just for the
word challenge after something then then
it's the challenge of that thing don't
worry doesn't face you challenge what
we're gonna do is we're gonna face to
each others face I'll facing her so
facing me she's a peach as a pistachio
peach be she that's not you that's not
your basashi oh it's such a naughty mean
are you excited face - yeah I'm gonna
fuck with you Oh what will y'all based
on really quickly for the maybe 6% of
you who don't know what Faison is it's
an app where you can edit pictures in a
way that like it's almost like a mini
Photoshop and you do it on your phone
like Beyonce does yeah you can smooth
your face you can whiten your teeth you
can bend space and time and make your
jaw line nice stuff like that and a lot
of people do it and some people aren't
that good at hiding it but we're just
going to go all out today and facing the
fuck out of each other so we get this
other angle this is a picture of Jenna
Devyn facing and that's picture of me
let's get cookin Xiaohua i don't want
you to see it while i'm doing
Robert how would I see it I'm looking at
my phone watch me whip what you think
so nice and slow pivot the worst quality
a picture is harder it is facing that
already looks face to but you're gonna
be hop and go necks or the spork but the
girls moving let's got fuck's this
Jennifer box OOP someone punched you
no that's so funny
thank you you look like you're gonna eat
me I am in real life IRL five ERL
don't peek oke King like the ir a--
for fuck's sake Julian you have some
fucker all right we need to patch some
stuff cuz your face ain't fucking fleet
it up I don't want you to change I'm not
cheating I'm not even cheating why would
I cheat there's no cheating I'm not
copying your test Haley the bright side
eh stop chewing on our pistachio and in
doubt smooth the fuck out no catch you
so fucking hard for any occasions patch
Adams
oh you'll cook you're in hell oh babe
you look so uh oh you think you're so
funny you look so hot you know you know
I should not have done that I'm giving
you like a giant zit why would you do
that
funny it's not fine now watch me punch
now let's be naming this is art guys
this is fucking hard actual literal
our I could have a show once you see
what I've done to your face you're gonna
ever question why you didn't do this
can you put emojis in this step I'm not
like the best I am the best up tasting
like your hair but it's really rough
let's fix that Jenna you always want to
longer luscious our hair so giving it to
you baby I think I'm good guys it's so
funny face teen is just like the
funniest app cuz people who use it say
they don't use it but they use it I mean
I think I did pretty good so Jenna is
gonna go first let's see what I look
like
yes thank you oh my god
no yeah you look good that's that is
what now I've had a nightmare about that
face you look hot that's named your fuel
album cover number two the eyes are like
absolutely insane at least I like the
color of my hair though Julian green
sorta oh my god the eyes nose your turn
all right so this is Jenna before nice
and beautiful and then Oh
oh my god I guess zombie Lucy huh yeah
what is that
it's slash diseases you know what yeah
it's a disease no you did that I'm good
at facing I gave you a disease and then
I gave you a black eye but look how long
it lasts you're sending your hair it's
so long that I didn't fit the frame on
the picture anymore
why don't we do the dog fuck you all
right now we're going to facing our dogs
really quick all right I'm gonna do
Kermit just gonna do peach fuck yeah
Kermit has smooth as a baby skin is even
tougher
that's our good as Santa's you reshape a
little bit so funny when you face two
dogs you just look more like animated
yeah I can't believe what I'm doing
guys I'm like really good at being
creepy I'm facing you'll notice when I
show you this that it's very accurate
especially some of the details I added
because face things all about the
details
and the line are you ready yeah
okay so Jenna go first looks in art
before so far the vici looking cute
that's the hello
you gave her did you make that smile
what's with you in the eyes she's
sucking your nose or like the second you
saw all right show me yeah all right so
this is way less creepy it's more like
you funny but this is Kermit yeah and
then oh well I just don't know what is
that as ice beating mark it's necks it I
gave her my his next you edited his I
made him an accident thank you retro
anything like okay wait this is a
doorknob over here and over here he's
thinking about the doorknob so it's up
here no doorman doorman I love you guys
and thanks for watching the face change
challenge that we did and fine yeah that
was fun thank you doing it with me and
that's why it in my face and making me
into a
fucking monster I liked fucking years
ago you think of me fuck your face this
face sucks this place sucks
if you guys have any funny stories about
face tune or people that pace tune and
think they're slick let me know in the
comments and also let me know for the
next challenge what you want us to do or
me to do because it's fun to mix
challenges in time because I want to
challenge myself I want to just do the
that to your picture it's just in my
free time these pictures need to be
posted somewhere so I might I might post
season thanks for watching and I'll see
you guys on Tuesday for a real bra have
a good weekend guys okay
