good morning peach how you doing you're
sitting awfully weird
it's a weird position you're out there
peachy you want to show everyone your
zit gbgs is it right here it's really
funny she's got a little purse it it's
right on their head you see that right
there are you a teenager he's so cute
what's up guys we're all getting up
right now I'm finishing some coffee and
then going to the gym crimes against
humanity oh yeah my little teenager as a
zit oh that was weird
okay we are getting started and then we
are going to podcast later which I think
we are going to have Chris and chin on a
podcast which is gonna be really fun but
is also going to be a task to set up
audio and video wise but I'm excited for
it because I like that kind of task
so anyway I'm gonna head off to the gym
a little a little deadlift action going
on and then head back here to prepare
for the podcast and whatever else we
have going on yeah let's go to the gym
now Jeff this book cover does in the
morning he comes over to me and sits on
my pillow like this waiting for
scratches yes right buddy huh and then
she's just playing I grew but he looks
like he's been crying cuz he likes to
wake up and Jenna
wake up when he cries and he just cries
it's okay I mean here now he loves his
pillow though he just comes and lays on
my pillow near goon my first egg II love
all right now I'm really going to the
gym
sorry little workout done for any of you
guys who have Apple watches let me know
if you guys do this but sometimes when
I'm working out and I'm like tracking my
calories like on my watch what I'll do
is I'll leave the watch still tracking
like 30 minutes after I'm done working
out and I've burned like 100 more
calories and I know it's probably like
not legit calories or whatever because
you know it's just like your calories
that you're using to live but it's fun
to see like the cooldown period of your
workout has such an effect but yeah I
headed home right now and I'm going to
shower up and probably do some prepping
for the podcast
man back in the car and vlogging I am
headed over to Guitar Center it seems
like all roads lead there these days but
first of all I want to get another
couple pieces of acoustic foam for the
office just to make it a little less
echoing second I need to get I think
another XLR cable and possibly a
low-grade XLR mic the reason I'm looking
at again another mic is because we
ditched USB mics a while ago because we
figured out that all we needed was one
XLR mic to share between the two of us
but that presents a problem when we have
more than two people on the podcast
because they were going to need another
mic but we can't have them using USB
mics because then not everyone can hear
each other so I'm thinking if we just
get another tabletop XLR mic we'll be
okay that's what I'm going to do right
now target our center here I come what a
day it's so hot today it's like back to
the valley weather it was chilling for a
little bit and now it's not chilling
it's heat all right
done at Guitar Center now it's just me
in the bay sound equipment sound
equipment is my BAE lately so going on a
date right now I finally set it up this
is our podcast setup for having two
guests on four total people I got
another one of the same mics we've been
working with I have the headphone cords
all tied down ready to go so they're not
jumbled right there and we now have both
XLR ports taken up because we just got
another mic how this is the c100 we have
our monitor right there hooked up with a
gorilla pod light one light two ring
light sort of cable management it looks
worse than it is but I really try to let
consolidate cables so this is what it's
going to look like we're going to have
me right there Chris and Shan and then
Jenna right there and then this creep
but this is what we're looking at I'm
really hoping that it sounds good and it
flows well and everyone's comfortable on
blasting AC in here right now because it
can get really hot well I'm interested
to see how this goes this is kind of a
cool thing to finally have two guests on
at once it's a big deal I feel like for
the podcast I'm now going to go shower
up
and put some laundry away before chris
and chen get here for the podcast and
ideally i guess we'd podcast and then
they could hang out with us a little bit
because i would be fun still kind of in
game mode but we're all set up feels
good yeah I should really bar really
like yeah sorry I have a hair Matt I'm
like bugging out so we just podcasted
with there you go that's good life with
Chris and Shan hi fellas
yeah Jenny looks okay so that leaves in
my next point we're gonna play this
inception app on our phones which is
like a creepy collaborative inception
app so we're gonna do that veneer
essentially what it does is it's
augments your sounds if I say I say
hello it'll then mess with it and change
pitches and make it slower as if you
were in today over at adecco got it and
so when you have four people doing at
the same time it gets an extra strange
and extra crazy okay so we're going to
do this I might watch them it's gonna be
creepy done whoa this is creepy don't do
that - laughs oh hi jack hello thinker
is that right terrifying Oh Oh the right
one okay I'm gonna play the audio you
guys ready yeah so cherish
it stars with one thing I don't know why
it doesn't even matter how hard you try
keep that in mind the same as without
his room there's no apart layer mocking
me how do you change and how do you
change this just do it right there
that's good hey Jenna thanks for having
me
uh what of what day what do you like to
do in your free time
are you in jinjo enjoy enjoying your
tournaments in jawan we uh we're doing
stuff or did being guys doing stuff
before yeah then fucking Jenna okay
abcdefg I'm gonna be we always Mitch
like a big charm
Nikki milk you know Nicki Minaj the bees
in the chapel Arthur the bees in the
shop and the shop 70 there oh happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
you're like I'm running it chin chin
chin Chu ji james's Icheon yeah have you
ever worked in a comic buh-buh-buh so I
destroy I stole but I don't know the
first thing about a comic book
/ like yeah you ever worked with any of
my daddy Buggs oh yeah that's good of
you did you give away
why do you or do you work your radio
when i fucker fuck oh fuck off fuck up
on this I came here twice to repeat that
can you repeat the question
well I'm saying is when I make a steak
it gets repeated in my head mistake I
think I mistake
how do you eat it normally get medium
well sirloin New York Strip mom rare is
better
yeah rares kind of like school was
bloody and it's also my quad it's not a
it's not burger face like am I talking
twice this is fun yeah oh my god or
words like I just drink twice reality is
repeating itself will you be my mentor
Chuck Quinn what are your Valentine chap
Queen hey guys
so as I tend to do from having like a
really good time I think all friends you
know the deal I'll forget to close the
vlog so I forgot to lose award last
night but I wanted to say goodbye to you
guys and thank you for watching
also we hit 500,000 subscribers on
I just want to say thank you guys so
much for 500,000 I can't believe we did
it
it's it's an amazing number and it still
blows my mind that you guys choose to
watch my videos and from Humboldt but I
never I'm really happy and excited to
see where we can go thank you guys for
500k this is just as much your
accomplishment as it is mine I'll see
you guys tomorrow for the next vlog and
I love you alright
