hey you guys good morning
right now we are hanging out and
chilling out it's our Saturday and
there's a big fight on tonight McGregor
vs. n des so we're just kind of getting
ready for that
but we're trying to be good with our
diets we're gonna have Buffalo
cauliflower so maybe I'll do a little
changes kitchen on that yeah yeah good
time for that we're excited for the Phi
this is the most excited than for final
all time and there's a lotta McDonald
which would be fun you'll have already
known the outcome or you'll have already
not cared because you don't watch mmm it
but want to say hi and then I'll see you
guys in the kitchen when we make our
cool little meal J and Kay's kitchen
Jane Kermit's kitchen what's up guys
welcome back to JJ's kitchen today we're
gonna be making Buffalo cauliflower
what's right yes Hey so it's JJ take Jim
Chris being a Love Bug today so
ingredients first one head of
cauliflower half a cup of non-dairy milk
1/2 a cup of water 3/4 a cup of
all-purpose flour for us gluten free ass
flour not asked for our two tablespoons
of garlic onion powder cumin paprika
salt pepper all that stuff and then
Earth Balance butter spread Frank's
redhot and some elbow grease and some
love all right okay sir all right so
step one is wash and cut cauliflower
that's my video step one is free year of
it I'm wrong
we all have any parchment paper so we're
gonna go drink all out on the pan yeah
we need that parchment paper ideally it
up our skimmer but we're gonna cut this
up into bite-sized Florence Florence
Jenna's gonna tell us what we need half
a cup of milk and half a cup of water
all right so it's a cup of liquid half
milk 1/4 ain't throw Cray huh that's
just got our liquids frequenters of the
cost with all-purpose flour so gluten
free and Flowery
now come the spices I mean powder garlic
powder cumin paprika sea salt and pepper
so here our spices mix i stuff together
all right so we're gonna mix this batter
mixture together it's looking pretty
good it's gonna be like sort of a
pinkish orange ish batter but it smells
really good you know what it smells
reminds me of the black bean burgers all
right so now we're going to coat the
cauliflower in this batter so we're
going to take individual pieces of
cauliflower we're going to dip it into
the batter right here and then we're
going to lay it on to the pan go good
eating good eating the excess
cauliflower so healthy so it's going to
go from there there to there to that
let's get going
we're gonna have time to do this
individually so Jenna's finishing up
right now but they're ready to go in the
oven the ovens hot and they're looking
pretty go they're smelling good right
yeah cuz that the flour gives them a
little bit like a GT car be outside
you know like it'll make it a little
crispier than roasted cocoa God it's
gonna be nice and good and not as cheesy
when you want something Buffalo e yeah
you guys this is a great recipe for game
day and stuff when you want to just have
that buckle an alternative to your
Buffalo needs we all have Buffalo these
everyone has Buffalo knees so proud of
State New Yorker I have Buffalo buffalo
needs this batter was like once we
thinned it out it's it literally is just
enough for a head of cauliflower yeah it
worked out great
sweet so how are we open in the oven you
put in oven for 25 minutes and you flip
it halfway through and then once they
come out you're going to cook them
little Bowl so rather steady on you have
a separate sauce that's the buffalo
sauce this is just the batter and we're
making a dipping sauce
all right so now while we wait for that
to be in there for 20 minutes we will
make wings off the wing sauce in the
dipping sauce so for the dipping sauce
we're gonna need a cup of vegenaise or
mayonnaise parsley apple cider vinegar
onion down dill salt pepper chives
chives so I'll cut off the chives and
Jenna will start working on the dip so
we're gonna mix up the dip now this is
supposed to be like a pseudo ranch
dipping sauce try it
this is the real moneymaker for this
recipe it's Frank's redhot it's like the
best hot sauce ever
and if you're going to go and tell me
that it's not the best hot sauce ever
and you can do it get out because it is
so we're going to take a whole cup of
our hot sauce you can obviously choose
if you want a worse one than Frank's but
take a cup your hot sauce and then you
take the Earth Balance butter okay so
you're going to take a cup of hot sauce
and a tablespoon of birth bounce buttery
spread and mix that all together in a
bowl that is your buffalo sauce right
here with his hair cut that fresh ill
nasty line of dough okay okay okay okay
oh that's good salsa once the wings come
out then we're going to coat them in
that and then bake for another 25
minutes let me knock off a little
cauliflower bites the word can we took
these out there ready to get flipped and
then put back in right yeah we don't
want partial papers they might be stuck
but that's okay these are looking good
though they're not looking too thick
right now you put them back in the rest
of the time
yeah all right all right so our
cauliflower came out and Julian is now
transferring into the wing sauce yes oh
my god I excited Jay are you excited
you're gonna be are you excited P
okay you guys all excited cuz you don't
get any just we do we lost one get back
in there you bitch JJ's kitchen gets a
little rowdy when we're hungry let's
trim you're doing a good job maybe we
should've gotten a bigger ball visual
guys like on the edge you have so much
to look for follow clover oh yeah like
tell me that doesn't look so
this looks like boneless bites you know
yeah and now they're gonna get nice and
like Christy again and cooked on Yahoo
that yes alright so same thing
again
25 minutes halfway through flip them
over
hello yeah so we took this out and it's
looking really really good
on the phone for a picture this is what
it's supposed to look like I'm excited I
wish we got three of these though
well they could eat all that all right
look I'm gonna want to Instagram it all
right so this is seriously good like
they have a winged taste so god I'm
dying this is one of the best recipes
you ever done because it doesn't just
taste like cauliflower tastes like
there's crisp and it's like wing texture
it is it feels like a wing grew up what
are we gonna do it doesn't need more of
it so we can't even finish this whole
plate these are like legit filling this
is the best thing we've done on JJ's
kitchen in a long time I'm living this
might have to be like a weekly recipe
for us we literally are thinking about
making another one later a whole nother
batch but I will link the recipe in the
description Jenna found it thank you for
finding that amazing recipe person on
Pinterest it's from hot for food blog
comm and whoever you are person this is
 incredible I found on Pinterest
we're gonna link you guys in the
description so you can make this let us
know what you think in the in the
comments if you try this and what we
should turn X on Jada's kitchen all
right we're in watching fights now yo
guys so I forgot to close the vlog
yesterday which is when we finished the
J and J's kitchen so I'm gonna close it
now hopefully you guys enjoyed watching
us cook that meal it was truly one of
the most enjoyable like healthy meals
we've ever made let alone film projects
catchin so I'm really pumped about it I
hope you guys like it and I hope you
enjoyed the vlog I'll see you guys
tomorrow for another vlog regular vlog
not a JJ's kitchen but I will be trying
to bring those back more and more
because I know you guys like them and we
enjoy them a lot too so uh yeah thanks
for watching love you guys too mom
last forever you are gonna do this
together hold your hair cuz I'm not I
will make it nothing in my
okay
