hey what's up guys so I'm in my over
right now and headed over to downtown LA
to do this podcast that I was talking
about so we will be there soon and get
talking about the things but yeah I'm
excited I've never done someone else's
vodka so it should be a good time
but of course there's some LA traffic
first so I'm just sitting back here
snapchatting but I'll see you guys when
I get there all right it's crazy I'm
back in LA and it's like insane traffic
everywhere I'm really happy I over
because parking is not what I want to do
right now especially down here I'm
walking up to the building right now and
we're gonna get this podcast over kind
of nice and cool out though
refreshing we're in the studio this
thing is professional as buck this is
Bryce right here what's up this is a
skid row studios that's right yes and
this is the drum technique podcast when
I was telling you guys about it'll be in
the description so if you guys want to
check it out it was fun we talked for
like what like two two hour hour and a
half two hours
yes no no I don't have yeah it felt like
we were doing her own like Joe Rogan
podcast just said very much so right
that's cool very relaxed Bryce is an
awesome guy I knew him way before I was
even on YouTube so check his stuff out
it's really fine we talked for like an
hour half so you can hear me talk for an
hour and a half because that's what you
want to do right so we just finished the
podcast which was a lot of fun I got to
finally meet my friend Bryce I've never
met and we've only been like internet
friends you super chill I'll link it
below honestly really cool podcast we
really just like chill down talked about
whatever you want which is awesome it
was cool to be on someone else's vodka
I'm gonna get a new bird at hometown
Sophie Jairo said I should Bloggie so
I'm vlogging I'm streaming GTA right now
come on join do a little GTA streaming
action because I have some friends
hanging out with me they're all saying
had a vlog II so hi Bloggie Jenna went
to sleep she didn't sleep yet so she's
taking a nap I'm just doing really
stupid races on GTA that's fun
everyone's I have ano yeah everyone's
already saying hi focus bitch so you can
see your own name classic vlog e there
you go thanks for hanging out guys hey
so I just finished the twitch stream
which was a lot of fun and I want to
show you guys my little addition
acoustic foam for the office I'm
probably going to do at least one more
panel but now the audio right at my desk
is a lot better so that's exciting
also I'm looking into getting more
gaming stuff but you guys don't care
about that you're watching my vlog not
my gaming twitch Tim but it is
interesting and cool because today Jana
twitch stream and I twist streamed and
both streams were getting comments like
this is a good toy stream like it it
looks good it's there's no lag so all
the work that we've fucking done
finally I'm also going to probably do a
workout you know what I'm going to do a
workout haven't really eaten all day so
I need to eat some food but after dinner
doing a workout upstairs
Angele Angele
it's very easy to forget that one
feeling when you're training that when
the music is starting to play you're
starting to get warmed up that you would
just rather be doing nothing else and it
takes a little bit to get there and it's
a lot of mind game so when you hit that
moment it's just like it's something
that you can't help but appreciate and
when you go a little wild missing work
out like I did you forget what that is
but I just got provided so good
you
peachie you want to add a blog you have
an entire lazy day you will tired and
lazy I love her but I especially love
her when she's like tired and just wants
to lay with you and she's been like that
all day haven't you peach she just wants
to love she doesn't want to bother you
she just wanna make accidents she's just
having a really well-behaved day I think
the heat in the valley helps because the
heat really tames our dogs as I think it
does for many dogs you know what's also
really cute is like I snapped out of
this earlier but like any time I go to
the bathroom it's not as kids kind of
weird but anytime I go to the bathroom
she'll like scratch the door and she'll
let herself in I mean she can't open the
doors off to like crack it open so she
can come in but she doesn't let me ever
go to the bathroom without coming in to
check on me what I really think is cute
is that any time I go upstairs to work
out like I just was she always does the
same thing she likes to watch my
workouts and just kind of trot around
the room and give me kisses and she's
like my little cheerleader
oh I think I found myself put to you
don't good young cheerleader
you know how cute you are I think you
know she probably knows anyway I am just
relaxing had some nice dinner my dinner
was really good this is what it looked
like I know
peachy the dinner is gone you can stop
sniffing can you just lay down
you're still weird body once you lay
down which used it pg look how big her
body is I can't even reach the camera
far back enough to get it all peach
you're huge
I saw a whippet at the mall the other
day not sure why it was in the mall but
it was with me with his owner was just a
wild with it but I saw with it and I
think it was the first time I've ever
seen and packed like a whip it in person
and froze you don't know whip it is just
a slightly bigger version of Kermit and
Peach it goes Italian Greyhound with it
Greyhound so it's small medium large but
they're all genetically the
can you maybe not Molly do this for one
sec Thanks and I fell in love and I know
three dogs is plenty for us right now
but if we ever get another dog and I
have to say I want to whip it whip it
feel good it's just like it was really
just the best way I could describe it
was it was just a big Kermit
it was the most aloof quiet I have no
idea what's going on but like the most
adorable little dog ever but he's not so
little but he's not big either it's like
a great size but you couldn't handle not
being the center of attention she needs
to be the center of attention yeah you
do
anytime guests come over she's like
leaping into the air so they'll pay
attention anyway
seems like you want to go now so we'll
let you do that but I'm gonna get
wrapped up for the night and I wanted to
say that I love you guys and I also
wanted to say that I've been reading the
comments a lot I read them all the time
but lately I'm reading them a lot more
you guys are very very sweet and I
appreciate every single thing you guys
say it's really cool having friends like
you support me and and watch my videos
and watch my life makes me very happy
makes me motivated to do this every day
and I'll gladly put myself out there on
the internet for you guys because I get
so much in return and I mean that
sincerely I love you guys I hope you
have a great weekend and I'll see you
guys on Tuesday and I'll also see you on
snapchat
