new friends
oh hello watermelon just one you tell me
you're eating it oh okay well good
morning we're getting up and having some
food I'm making something similar to
what I got yesterday I'm making a bowl
of rice and then I'm putting eggs on top
of it pick one of you guys put that in
the comments so I'm gonna try it because
it looks really good being dad as fuck
you like my shirt but yeah we are we're
in the cabinet pretty soon and yet going
on Wednesday like that dance I don't
either
that's what we got cooking right now so
I just made a full creation for myself
that's looking pretty good but I wanted
to show you guys what it looks like when
I pop that yolk damn liquid gold baby
I'm gonna eat this now and then I'll
check back with you guys later in case
you haven't noticed I love eggs and rice
so the caffeination is very real today
we got very caffeinated and we are very
productive right now Jenna's working on
preparing what we're gonna do for a
video today we spent some time today
working on our twitch setup we're going
to start telling you guys more about our
twitch and you know letting you guys
know when we're going to stream more and
more as we get our situation set up but
today we spend some time on testing
streams testing different setups and
situations and we're getting a lot of
progress so it looks like we're gonna
have to little streaming stations one is
going to be at my desk which is which is
right here with my monitor and my mic
and Xbox already set up and the other
set up will be in the living room where
Jenna likes to play elder scrolls
so we're going to do setups the stream
in case either of us want to stream we
obviously can't do at the same time but
so yeah like I said we're preparing for
the video right now gonna get that going
pretty soon I'll check back with you
guys interview so hey what's up so we
are working on the shop for we're doing
the yoga challenge and we discovered
color profiles like custom color
profiles which you can judge us in the
comments if you want because you
probably are going to but they're a
little hard to find on this camera we
have and we finally discovered how to
create our own custom profiles for color
so we're finally making shots that we're
really happy with I'm sitting here being
guy right now Jenna's killing it right
now sent up the shots we got lights
lights dogs bad dogs
peach was literally chewing on a pillow
like taking uh something up right in
front of us that's what she's at home
right now that's why you're in timeout
peach the nonsense of that dog but
anyway we are making progress on a lot
of things today productive day but good
so we're going to get this shot down and
then we're gonna get to yoga and
hopefully it looks really great
hopefully you guys like it so we are
about to film the yoga challenge I don't
think we need mats okay this is
dangerous Jenna's gonna get the match
but we're about to start the yoga
challenge
lights camera yoga
we just finished the yoga challenge and
we're we're ending it now and I had an
accident where I kind of fell on Jenna
and she hurt herself and I feel
absolutely horrible and it's like the
worst feeling ever seeing you upset and
her because of something I did even if
it was an accident so much oh we were
doing dangerous yoga yeah we found out
the hard way it's okay I love you I love
you too you're so sweet
oh yeah I hate honey you but it's
turning out pretty funny already
yeah hey guys so like I said we just
finished shooting and we're editing now
we had a complete like mishap when I was
doing a pose with her and I felt back
and like landed on her and she like hurt
her nose like to the point she was
bleeding and she didn't like break
anything it's like not serious but just
I mean I hated that so much completely
looking at her hurt because of something
I did even if it was an accident is just
the absolute worst feeling so that that
was shitty that that happened and I feel
horrible but um you know I'm glad she
was okay all in all the video that we
did was really fun the yoga challenge
was fun it clearly showed me that I
haven't been going to yoga as much as I
need to be because I was super fucking
rusty but those acro yoga poses are no
joke they require like a weird sort of
like dual strength and mobility
something that I haven't been working on
lately as you can probably tell if you
watched it but anyway I'm sorry this is
a short vlog I am going tomorrow morning
to be on a friend's podcast when I used
to do MMA stuff I used to cover MMA as a
sport and I was like a sort of
journalist I had a blog and I did
interviews one of the fighters I
interviewed a while ago was represented
by the guy who's podcasts from going on
tomorrow when it's up which i think is
going to be tomorrow after we do it I
will let you guys know so you can watch
it and stuff but yeah I'm going to
Downton away to be on a podcast and it
should be fun but first we have to
finish editing this
I also gotta hit the vlog but yeah
Wednesdays I guess can sometimes be hard
to have a longer vlog because we're just
kind of doing stuff all day whether it's
brainstorming writing getting supplies
setting up a shop for like three hours I
don't know but yeah so that's why it's
why we're sure it should be a normal
length tomorrow I'll try to vlog a
little bit when I'm at the studio doing
a podcast tomorrow I love you guys so
much thank you guys for watching the
video see you guys tomorrow for the next
law also thanks to Chris Mel Berger and
neat dude for getting me this awesome
dad app sure you have honestly such
fucking sick designs hopefully we'll see
Chris again this week it might be fun if
you have a significant other go kiss
them right now and say I would never
hurt you I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog all right later
