look lacking Wi-Fi you guys don't
believe me watch very quiet
that was a good one here we go I'm
watching Arnold's video right now and
you know what I don't care I don't care
it feels great words of wisdom I don't
care it feels great you guys Arnold's
videos are some of the happiest feels
you ever watch anyway hey guys what's up
sorry I thought I saw Robin but it was
just a leaf it wasn't a bird it was a
blue leaf I'm a great storyteller I've
been up for a while doing a couple
things I don't Beach and jenna is out
shooting something but I wanted to show
you really quickly just a little glimpse
of something I was doing earlier the
reason I'm only going to show you a
little bit of it is because I'm doing a
video dedicated to it but it's not ready
yet because the it isn't ready yet
so the video about the it therefore
isn't ready in alright and see a little
better body you're done turning off
because your battery's low or whatever
alright so this is the thing that I was
doing earlier is my whiskey barrel I've
begun the process of ageing my own
whiskey at home I wish I'm super psyched
about there's a bunch of steps to it so
I began it today it's probably gonna be
done aging in like I don't know a couple
of weeks but I'm gonna begin the actual
aging process in a couple days but
anyway that's what I was doing earlier
which is exciting I'm gonna take the
trash out today just remembered yeah I'm
here at home with peach and marbles
Jenna took Kermit but I just wanted to
say what's up you guys say good mornings
before it was really not even the
morning anymore which it kind of isn't
so I just did a nice little light
workout even though it looks like I'm
panting like I just ran a marathon I was
my first workout in a couple of weeks so
I feel super fucking weak but I'm
finally feeling healthy again which is
good so as soon as I stopped sweating
and breathing like a madman I'm gonna go
pick up my lunch
I ordered lunch at this place down the
street and I'm excited to show you how
ridiculous the meal that I ordered is
I've discovered this new sushi delicacy
that you're not supposed to have a lot
of and I ordered a lot of them because
they're really good in their protein and
their carbs and I'm hungry and okay bye
we're still preparing the sushi they
asked how many chopsticks and I was like
one and she like couldn't believe it -
like not really you're the one eating
all this for you body building this is
not so quick a lot of protein yeah thank
you very much howdy got to I know you
probably didn't hear me in there because
it was a kind of loud but I walk in and
they were like are you the quail egg guy
this Japanese woman she was very sweet
and she was like are you the quail egg
guy and I was like yeah and she was like
how many chopsticks I was like one and
she was like no you-you-you bodybuild
and I was like yeah sure we I was just
like yeah sure it's like it's a lot of
protein I was like yep but it's
absolutely an obscene amount of food and
I can't wait to show you not become a
couple minutes but it's the most I've
ever eaten of it they're quail eggs have
you ever had them but they're on the
little thing a rice like a roll
and I got twenty okay so I just got home
from the sushi restaurant and like I
said they were like completely appalled
that one person was gonna eat all this
and I personally think this isn't even
that much food what I got was ten orders
of quail egg on sushi so what that is
it's like a raw little quail egg just a
yo and it's put on top of like a little
piece of rice with seaweed and this is
what it looks like so basically this is
just like pure protein carbs its quail
egg protein and if you haven't had a
quail egg there are a lot of people who
like we need it because it's like a raw
yo gonna know like that's gross I'm not
gonna eat it but if you can get past
that
it's like rich and sweet and it
complements the rice really well and
this right here is something that I
could have all the time it's obscene
looking and not for one person but now
today it is this is the most insane I've
been looked at in a restaurant ordering
a meal because they've just like never
seen anyone order this much of this for
one person but this is one of my
favorite things over so I'm gonna dig in
right now and enjoy this and I'm gonna
finish every single one easily so a
quail egg time all right so maybe it was
a little harder than I thought
cuz I'm still working on it it's really
fucking good you guys need to try quail
eggs go try quail eggs right now you
don't have to order 20 but you can order
like five and there's protein so purty
fitness level mommies you tongue out my
boys here oh my god that was incredible
hey so we are headed out for the night
Chris and Shan came over and hung out
for a while and then they invited us out
with them so we're gonna go meet up with
them at their friend's house and head
out to a bar that should be fun I'm
bringing whisky not for the bar but for
their house pregame or whatever okay we
run over right now we're going to play
some silver link to meet up with Chris
and Chad because they're with a bunch of
their friends so we're out of their
house first and then when they go to
this bar but a much cooler meeting yet
wrong so right now
Haseena it was fun hangars enchant
because there are
on a Tuesday funky day Jen o'clock just
keep your hands away from me please
can't hands with me it's creepy alright
Sony Bloggie alright hate it don't sit
on my kid on my piss
yeah okay this is getting ready
so we just left the Echoplex
which is where we were out tonight it
was a Monet it was fun it was like a
good time right
we don't normally do stuff like that so
long way to go I think so - yeah it was
good to see Kristen champ and a bunch of
other people got to me I was thinking
about it's like staying for the night
the cheddar was like let's go do it
you never know
and it's something I would never do so
makes me happy that we did
it was hot as fuck
I'm like sweating
yeah absolutely and even if it's not a
great assistant experience and I'm not
saying tonight was it was fun but I'm
probably gonna put it out right now so
we just got home and we had an uber
driver who we had a great conversation
with and um it was nice because
sometimes the conversations and ubers
can be like oh yeah small talk but he's
very interesting to talk to he's very
funny he's wise he told us the stories
we were talking about like kids he
drives around who are like trust fund
kids who don't care about anything and
everything is easy and they just like
plug in lumps of human we don't know how
to do anything and he was talking about
this story he told us this story it was
like a tale I'm not sure exactly what
the context of it is but the story goes
that there were a bunch of tuna farms by
this one area and people would eat the
tuna from these farms and after a while
it was just tuna at the farms only tuna
you know it wasn't a physical farm it
was a place where they raised - enough
sold it to markets but after it became
only tuna at these markets the tuna
started Oh tastes really bad because it
was just tuna in the water and then at
one point someone released one catfish
into each tuna farmer lake or whatever
it was and nothing changed like the tuna
didn't change muscularly or get more fat
or have any different nutrients but the
fact that there was a one predator
amongst them made the consensus that
after the catfish had been added the
tuna tasted better and I guess the moral
of the story is that the tuna had fear
it had some sort of motivation it was
not a complacent tuna and the fact that
if you don't ever have anything bad or
threatening happen in your life you
don't know how to appreciate you just
don't know how to appreciate the good
things or understand the good things or
value good things it was a really great
kind of story and take what you will
from that story I just thought it was
interesting to hear but um yeah I'll
leave you with that little nugget at the
end of the blog I hope you guys enjoyed
watching this vlog and see you guys
tomorrow hopefully you'll get to hang
out Chris and Chan more while they're in
town because we love them all right I
love you guys don't be complacent tunas
see you tomorrow
