each 4th of July and we are celebrating
we're being so festive today hey guys so
we just went to the store got a bunch of
food because unlike every other day of
the year we really like to eat on the
4th of July but yeah we grab some Dunkin
Donuts because we found a new Dunkin
Donuts opened up near us now we are
getting ready to eat and drink and have
a merica day by the way please don't
judge us but Brent came over last night
at around 8 o'clock we played guacamelee
until 6:00 in the morning that's 10
hours and we're gonna play later today
because we're so excited to keep
playing that game god dammit wakame
Lee's so fun but we're like finally
getting in a groove where we're like
working together really well and finding
the best like strategies and we got we
got new powers but I'm really
caffeinated and really excited and I'm
wearing my USA shirt
constantly on snapchat because of the
cool filters I love the holiday filters
on snapchat they're so fun obviously by
the time you watch this it's not gonna
be the 4th of July but we will be
another year further into the
independence of this country oh my god
yeah so we we are gonna probably start
cooking a little bit we got some hot
dogs and baked beans and stuff like that
and and hang out and then tonight I
think we're actually gonna go out and
have some fun celebrate the 4th but I
love you guys happy belated 4th of July
I hope you guys all had a wonderful and
festive and safe holiday I know we are
planning to do exactly that did you
bring me a stick for the holiday is that
for me you're very sweet thank you for
the present I don't want it though we
are we're playing video games and
Daedric he ran out before the dry and
it's so nice
exactly what she just said it's not that
stress at all and it's just you never
better than me now I'm like dying all
the time but we're just day drinking
we're having fireball with our loved
ones and Brett totally didn't just drop
the shots I promise
it was another noise I was in the middle
of vlogging and Brett had an epic spill
but he just pointed out that the Ottoman
now looks a lot cleaner after the spill
look at that we could list that on
 even get like 20 bucks that's
solid look Julian may have thought that
that was an uncalculated mistake that I
just made but really he planned it the
fireball that's my brain oops he was
trying to he saw me pick up Ragini was
like let's give him something for the
people let's do something also I want to
say you guys something that it's coming
from the heart okay
unlock the swag the swag on monk it's
Sunday so we came out into the Sun into
the world because I wanted to just get
out of the house and we went to the
batting cages so we just got here and we
are gonna hit some balls I have no idea
how well I'm going to do right this
should be fun Jenna's BYO being it she
brought her own bat
that's her college softball that I don't
have a college softball bat or our
college baseball that oh that's your
cage vet oh you a team that got it all
right let's go hey boss yes Jenna oh
yeah that's like a double Oh
oh hell yeah she's dialed is damn this
is weird I like my mind is like I know
what to do it and the ball comes up my
body's a guy I don't I'm doing but fret
about it go
I'm gonna try the 80 miles per hour one
more time which over at the batting cage
is like you hit 80 you're like a big
baller but I mean I've hit like 90s come
on yes let's start this off our league
I'm super humbled right now I
didn't pick them about like three years
and that's about as well as you'd expect
it to go well I know it's 80 miles per
hour made me look like an absolute screw
hey guys if you want private baseball
isn't there you have in the comments
below I'm really good so I guess
naturally after such extraneous activity
we have to go hydrate with juice so
we're gonna go get some juice /
smoothies that's a short treat this
place here this helicopters flying solo
right now this is happening now we just
came here Ritz guys though we're gonna
jump down
I'm actually dying right now
this is absolutely exhausting what up
guys so we had pretty fun day yesterday
we went out and did some cool activities
and got out on a beautiful Sunday so I'm
happy we did that that was a lot of fun
it's the next day now and just a couple
things before I close the vlog first of
all the vlog of Jenna and I at Josh and
Colleen's wedding is up on my channel
and the reason you probably didn't know
that is cuz I had to private it after I
quickly uploaded it on Friday because I
wanted Josh and Colleen's video to be
the first one up after I realized that's
kind of what they wanted so it's finally
up that's probably why I wasn't in your
subscription box you can click right
there to watch that wedding video it's a
fun one I had a great time and I'm super
happy for them the new Evans family we
have a lot of stuff going on for the
next couple weeks because VidCon is
coming up and it's gotten to that point
where we have a good agenda of things to
take care of it accomplished and be at
and attend and stuff so it's good we're
busy and getting stuff done and we are
going to podcast today also I'm probably
going to be recording a GTA gaming video
for my second channel and I know it's
been a lot of gaming on that channel so
it's not a gaming channel but it's just
kind of what I'm into right now so
hopefully you guys will get a kick out
of that that's it for today's vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog I will
see you guys tomorrow for the next vlog
thanks so much for watching all right
later guys
