good morning guys we are up early this
morning and headed to Santa Barbara for
Josh and Colleen's wedding that's what
we had this week that we had to work
ahead for a lot of you guys were
guessing in the comments and that's what
it is so we are going to finish getting
ready and hopefully head out on our way
to Santa Barbara by like 11:00 the
weddings this evening and should be
exciting I've literally never been to a
wedding before other than my mom's
wedding it's going to be like my first
wedding which is really exciting and I
get to have the most beautiful date
which is really cool also so we are
going to pack up the dogs the dogs are
coming with us they're going to be in
the hotel room where you're going to
head over to the beautiful coast I'm
seeing a Barbara yeah
let's go to a wedding
who
we made it to Santa Barbara and it's
absolutely beautiful here
it's actually a little harder than we
thought it was going to be you can see
the ocean behind it drive up is nice
quick and painless and just a few hours
until we head over to the reception for
the waiting but I already saw Charlie
which I'm really excited about Jenna got
to meet Charlie Jones you like Charlie
ever since ever since I told Jenna like
all about Charlie from when I met him in
Vegas she's been dying to meet him
because he's epic also I would say one
of the things I'm most excited for for
this wedding is to see what Arnold wears
because that man has style but yeah
we're just taking the little guys for a
walk right now before we coupe them up
in the room while we go to the wedding
so maybe we got a little frisbee in no
frizzy action before everyone heads to
their places for the wedding now I'm
headed back to the room so it's a nice
day out in Santa Barbara State Street
look at me all dressed up so we are
about to take the shuttle over to the
wedding service and I'm feeling pretty
good about what I'm wearing we're in
like a nice summertime gray top flat
bottoms oh let me show you my lovely
date that's a little that's not her skin
that's part of the dress or don't it
wasn't
it might be cool tonight anyway sleek
mine
but Jenna just told me that she thinks
Arnold will like and be proud of what
I'm wearing which is the ultimate
compliment that's all I ever strive for
I'm more excited to see what he's
wearing but I'm very excited to hear
what he has to say on myopathy because I
worked hard we spent a lot of hours
trying to get this together that's right
and we're in the background
the motorway alright I finally you're
with Arnold and all the proves in my
outfit oh yeah you don't need my
approval this guy's always on I was
waiting like the whole day just
wondering your Nessa and also wondering
what you were wearing that Julian always
on fleek bro be excited but I'm like I'm
psyched this is my first wedding
happening oh I see yeah okay alright we
got to find our seats now that's good
you
so that was really beautiful we just
thought this going on like Jenna cried
her make up um it was really it was
really sweet the whole thing was really
nice and genuine and it was cool to see
so yeah they really loved each other
it was nice so our hearts are hurting
and we're trying to fill the empty
hearts with liquor now so I just wanted
to say that congrats to Josh
congratulation it was a Santana man
killed it he married them he was he's an
ordained minister so it was really cool
and now we're going to enjoy the night
so as usual when we start drinking I
can't promise you what I won't give you
and what I really give you
yeah it was pretty cool
you
the day hey guys you're at our reception
right now bloggy blogg he came to the
reception aren't you proud of them it
was the most beautiful wedding
Julian's a great friend I'm so glad that
he's here in Jenna's here and we're all
together we just wandered out front and
found this trying ass Taco Bell wait
hold on we haven't even
we haven't even introduced this
wonderful man yet hey just as I
predicted
you're a hue to magenta Oh God we're
friends we're good friends
Jenna loved Charlie before she even met
him and now it's like true French I'm
really cool oh my god we're sweaty from
dancing
I learned that dancing is a giant part
of weddings which makes me a giant fan
of weddings
nice jacket how does this door open
my Jenna's got something better okay
let's see why this is the shower and
there's a sinkhole on there's a sink in
this so in case you're already in the
shower but you feel a little bit dirty
wash your hands each other's
reef leaking that's what I like to call
that right it's no it's rethinking it's
a coin for myself
please babe yeah we're outside too windy
we're like on a cliff yesterday
I'm crying about Holland timing so the
condition Eric are you to rethink I'm
not saying it's your fault I'm just
saying that you are Reed leaking oh my
god that was in a perfect yeah lashes it
sometimes you got to reflect about
briefly so right now you know I just
showed you that talk about truck well
everyone's going to it so we're going to
try to get to it before all the talk of
the host country but seriously how do
you get in this room okay so the hinges
one two three hinges how all right
another quick thing
Jenna's dress is really long and we're
kind of not to eat we're kind of in
nature and it's lace and sticky so this
is what her dress looks like currently
that's a leaf those are sticks
I made walk grass garbage can you're not
a walking garbage grab oh my god okay so
we just waited like 45 minutes for
stalkers after we went to a bar
because we had some time after the
wedding yeah so we're let's go to a bar
we got a nightcap
and we were hungry so he got in line at
this Mexican restaurant and it took us
45 minutes to get tacos 45 minutes tacos
like street tacos was the worst thing of
my entire life he was traumatized but
some drunk came up to Jenna he'd asked
for a picture I was like you're gonna
come from the internet you're like that
I grow and Jenna was like what and he
was like he was a your your I justice
and he said I just he said I justice and
he kept trying to take pictures with her
and he was like no let me take another
one I'll figure out who you are I was
like dude you blew it it's not a justice
this looks really good it looks good it
doesn't look as good as this stuff you
shoot though no but this is look it was
like no light it's pretty good human
life you were to see this life is like
right you guys who watch these vlogs on
groggy you're spoiled because right now
it's just slightly dark really good I
just want to see where they go guys
Jason's going up there I don't know
what's happening all I know is some guy
just thought Jenna was it wasn't I just
eat
she was I justice I'm walking back to
our room with peih-gee and i got some
waters let's maybe drink it it's not be
hydrated but I'm gonna close the blog in
the morning you can't see it but I just
slow blink you guys like my alarm clock
it's called a train so we're up and Adam
headed out of town right now and loading
up the car we had a pretty awesome trip
to Santa Barbara and it's pretty awesome
wedding so another another congrats to
Josh and Colleen
it was pretty special I was really
really glad I got to be there then
weddings are cool I want to go to more a
lot of dancing so it was fun and then we
had some fun with Jay and Gabi and Jason
and Samantha last night which was a
great group but I'm gonna sign off the
blog right now I love you guys so much I
hope you enjoy this vlog and see you
guys on Tuesday for the next wrong on my
shirt go over to Josh and Colleen's
channel and wish them congratulations
because it was really cool
there's a special wedding all right
Tammy drive
