so for today there will be five
different parts of today's vlog the
first one being this completely uncaf
innate 'add and just out of bed Julian
because I just woke up and I am now
realizing the ridiculous a lot of things
I have to do to get ready because I
leave for buffer fest tomorrow
we were up super late working on Jenna's
video so we got a little bit of late
start to the day
but I wanted to give you the progression
of today in one vlog so for reference
meet part one
sometimes you just have no time for
coffee we have officially exited part
one I am now caffeinated and sort of
addressed part two is very exciting let
me show you just like the rooster
crowing that means it's time to do
something
Kermit cries it's a it's a signal from
nature he needs his medicine and his
food and maybe like a lot of attention
to sometimes we don't know what else he
needs he just needs or he'll just devour
his breakfast happily and then continue
there is the part of the morning where a
peach thinks she gets medicine and
actually almost got it out of my hand
today not for you it's for Kermit all
right crying subside take one one of the
day and call me later call me Mom
feeling good you feel at all time with
the crying Tina he's just he's thinking
really hard to himself what can I
possibly find to cry about now see Shane
Shane's promo code really yeah oh
that's funny
it is almost October and it is still so
 hot when is it gonna cool down
do you know can you tell me which I pull
a Romani this is the most I could get it
on if I put the other arm in I'm gonna
hear some tears do you think you can
rock this on the red carpet at buffer no
one's gonna know what hit him
okay and my answer will be baby no I'm
not and on
sits in dog bed feels at home all right
the last part of this part is giving
marbles his little medicine because he
has some gone on his teeth so we're
giving him medicine that he got at the
vet I didn't fill it up enough good boy
good boy
all right back upstairs we go for part
three why is my suitcase filled with air
we got a pack for Tora hey Google what's
the weather like in Toronto this weekend
ug wanto tomorrow there'll be scattered
thunderstorms with a high of 62 and a
low of 48 Saturday and Sunday it'll be
sunny with highs in the low sixties I am
excited for some cold weather a cool
weather so Sunday night is the gala
they give us tuxedos for the gala I
don't need a pack an outfit for that
night I need a pack an outfit for
Saturday night which is the short film
screening aka the one thing I'm going to
be aside from the gala so I need a pack
except for that
I think automatically since I bought
this like this week this jacket goes
same with this t-shirt which has two
 tags on it Jesus jeans from my
but my first jean jacket which I haven't
worn in months it has some of the older
pins on it I mean when in Canada where a
Canadian tuxedo am i right and we've
arrived at the portion of the vlog that
is brought to you by all my me
undies easiest part of packing for any
trip is just grabbing a whole bunch of
my ink manatees and throwing them in my
suitcase thank you and ease I love you a
nice big old hoodie another scramble
thing shirts things well I guess we'll
use this for the scattered thunderstorms
because it doesn't look to be too
freezing so we all have this sweater
maybe just some like lounging clothes is
it kind of weird that like literally
half of the stuff I'm packing I packed
on the same exact trip last year just
wears the same thing to the same event
year after year and these my nice dress
shoes fun story about these while we
were at the after-party for the streamys
I was dressed up wearing these we were
at a booth and a girl accidentally like
stumbled by our booth and knocked over a
glass of red wine and smashed everywhere
and it like went all over my shoes which
sucked but whatever was an accident but
then she ran away like it was
clearly an accident she saw what she did
and then I literally ran out the front
door it was the weirdest thing I've ever
seen just kidding I'm not an animal
I'll actually pack it nicely only crazy
people packed like that on the way to an
event I packed like that on the way home
I really wish that fly could you shut up
you could shut up settle you can be in
your just stop buying it part 4 I think
we're on of this video is I wanted to
show you something that I've wanted to
show you for so long
I've had a lot of questions in the last
about month
have you stopped making pins where are
the new pins why haven't you told us any
pin news in the big reason why there are
no pins for a little while was because
we were working really really hard on
trying to get one design right and any
of you guys who are graphic designers or
work with graphic designers or artists
you know that there are certain things
that you just have a certain vision for
and if it doesn't get to that vision in
your mind it's not worth doing don't do
it first but do it right or do it best
or whatever and the pin I'm talking
about is the SD card pin this is the pin
that we had the idea for in about March
from March to today is how long it took
us to get it right for me an SD card pin
was like one of the coolest ideas we
could have had for a kid because
everything I do revolves around these
 little SD cards and I thought
why not like make our own SD card and
make it the exact same dimensional
specifications of a normal SD card
except in pin form like I thought that
was really cool so this is the one I'm
most proud of this is my favorite pin
I've ever released by far and it drops
tonight at 7 so I wanted to let you guys
know this is the SD card Japanese
videoblog Edition lapel pin and you can
buy it tonight at 7 p.m.
link will be in the description and I
will also be giving one away on snapchat
so at my snapchat incredibly excited
also we've been giving these away the
last like a couple days or on the twitch
stream another reason to go hang out
with us on Twitch but anyway that's
that's an important fourth part of
today's vlog because I haven't done this
in a very long time well here it is
it's the estimate
so the final part of today's vlog is
explaining why I'm going to Toronto as
many of you have heard me say it's for
buffer fest if you don't know what
buffer fest is buffer fest is a film
festival based around internet people
internet people who make films or
anything aspiring to be a film I went
last year and I presented what is a vlog
this year they invited me back to
premiere a short film I shot a little
while ago with Christine Elijah Colin
and Jeff Colin wrote it directed at Jeff
Christine analogist starred in it and
it's called eat clay love it's a project
that's very very different than anything
I've ever done pretty far step outside
my normal box and because we got it done
and I like the final product I'm excited
to go premiere it a buffer it's
premiering Saturday night at the short
films screening so if you're going to
buffer that's where you can find it
shortly after it premieres at buffer
it's going on my channel so this is the
second vlog you have for the week and
then after that you'll get the full
short film heat clay love that's
honestly about it I have a couple hours
till I have to get ready for bed cuz I'm
waking up early as going to the
airport I'll see you guys in Toronto and
you know what here's a little clip of
eat play love
I like chalk paintings I do sorry where
do I look I enjoy interpretive dancing
