good morning guys I am up freshen early
or rather how did not go to sleep we
shot her drunk video you know preps for
it and then shot it and it was a lot of
fun I get to watch those things unfold
just sitting there because I'm Manning
the camera and it's one of the funniest
things ever but right now we decided to
make a little hike up to Mulholland
Drive here in the valley overlooking the
other side of the hill and just kind of
watch the Sun Rise and its really really
really beautiful this time of day it's
uh 536 or the Sun starting to come up
and it's getting lighter I mean it's
something just incredibly beautiful
about being out in the world at this
time of day when you see everything get
started so pretty cool anyway dogs are
running around they're having fun and
we'll probably head home and get some
sleep in a little bit but I just want to
say hi from the beautiful location I am
in right now and thinking about how
lucky I am for so many reasons you guys
are one of the big reasons so we're
gonna enjoy ourselves up here and hang
out so we got some sleep and it's like
the afternoon now so it's it's not
really good morning you guys but good
afternoon
same day but I'm headed over to the mall
again I'm kind of exhausted of going to
malls but I still need a pickup actually
you know what I don't need to pick up
I'd like to pick up a pocket square
which would ideally match the time
wearing right now in pocket square list
so I am going to search for the pocket
square and then I need to grab couple of
things
but yeah we got up a little bit ago
started ending a little bit then I'm
running off to the mall Jenna's writing
her radio show like I said earlier we
have shit to do this week so we're doing
everything early so that's why she's
doing a radio show today not tomorrow a
little bit overcast it's a nice day I
thought it's pretty hot and I'm headed
over to the Glendale Galleria which I'm
not sure I've ever been there before
good fuck you Dale
I don't know if you guys ever feel the
same way but if there's someone driving
in front of me and they're leaving their
arm out the window like resting it on
the side but their arms like off the
window and they're constantly like doing
this like what the hell and with their
arm that is the most annoying thing ever
it's like they're complaining without
even talking to me like they're they're
constantly just making these like
frustrated hand motions for everyone to
see do keep your arm in your vehicle and
stop annoyed hand are motioning at
everyone it's like we're all on the same
traffic with you bro
so why don't you just chill there's a
guy like right near me fucking doing it
I know it's not a big deal and it's not
something I should be annoyed by but I
am I'm annoyed by it so guys stop it
tell I gotta stop he's probably dealing
fucking damn it
it's true well my god leaving I got one
of the things I needed and then I got
overwhelmed so I left I wouldn't say I
rage quit the mall I would say I rage
pre quit I accomplished one of the
things that I needed to do new and then
I looked around and I was like
I don't see anything that resembles a
store that could have markets where
there's so many people here I can barely
walk
maybe the pockets will have to wait so
I'm leaving sometimes you just got to
make a couple cheeseburgers for lunch we
have a couple patties leftover from the
barbecue this weekend
is hungry so I'm just gonna make myself
some cheeseburgers but I'm having the
protein style so don't judge me and I
made a third one over here with no
seasoning for the dogs so this little
lady's gonna get quite the tree baby you
won't see much so for one of Jenna's
magic tricks in her video yesterday she
like pulled these fake flowers out of
like I had or something and peach got
ahold of them and right here like you
can see she's like in love with him like
she carries it around like it's her toy
and it's the cutest thing ever she like
took it into her bed she like brought it
to Jenna outside it looked like peih-gee
was bringing her flowers and now she's
just like laying down and sleeping with
the flowers
peachy you like those flowers did you
get flowers she's so cute
all right so today isn't the most insane
busy crazy day that we've had and also
we got a really late start to the day
because we were up late doing the video
last night so there's not really too
much I really feel like is going to be
interesting for a vlog right now but I
figured I would open some of the stuff
from the peel box so let's fucking peel
box it right now all right this one's
from Tiana classic Tiana
dog toys oh wow a lot of dog toys for
the dogs for this super knacks tickle my
man bun
I remember you Tiana thank you for all
the stuff she got dog treat
she's got sliced mango which is gluten
free so I'm gonna eat some macadamia
nuts and oh my god more macadamia nuts
but with chocolate on all the goodies
thinking Tiana this one is for the otter
nest oh thanks for the letter Briana -
cool artwork she's the one who does the
magnets of the dogs whoa who asked
painting a peach and Carmen this is
awesome you guys you send me a lot of
really sweet letters and I do read them
keep mind and I do read them so I want
to say thank you guys take the time to
write letters to me and send them out to
the peel box it's really cool oh yeah I
love when you guys make signs like this
this thing is awesome
thank you Karen um and if you guys have
sent stuff and I don't put them on
camera that doesn't mean I didn't get
them I read all sorts of letters and I
open all sorts of packages and I'm
really thankful for this stuff even if I
don't blog about it alright I got a
couple more before I finish up this was
sent to our vo box it says on the bottom
the art is by Emily Chloe so thank you
Emily
and it says naturam and international on
top and it's a nice box it looks really
nice kind of like a cigar box but if you
open it up BAM zombie Jenna and Julianne
that is sick that's like really really
cool because the headphones are actually
just like negative space of the would
really really cool art I'm absolutely
going to use this I was actually in the
market for a box for stuff so thank you
so much this is from the Edmonton Oilers
and it's a signed calendar of their
cheer squad
the Oilers octane let's read this Jenna
and Julie my name is Adrian I'm 24 and I
live in Edmonton Jenna I've been
watching your videos for as long as I
can remember you're hilarious
Julianne I love watching your vlogs
you're so genuine kind
oh thank you I don't know if you watch
NHL hockey but I'm a professional
cheerleader for the Edmonton Oilers
that's really cool
Adrienne now we have a friend who lives
in Edmonton Alberta Canada
Thank You Adrienne anyway I'm gonna
close the vlog right now thank you guys
for watching and thank you guys for
sending stuff as always to the PA box
you all are very very sweet I will see
you guys tomorrow for the last walk of
the week note it might be up a little
late
like evening time just because uh we're
gonna be pretty damn busy for the next
couple of days so it won't be up at 7:00
a.m. on Friday so don't panic don't
panic but it will be up I love you guys
thank you so much for watching again and
for all the cool stuff I'll see you guys
tomorrow all right bye
you
you
