what Oh guys fuck it feels good to be
back holding vlog II I've logged this
whole weekend with my giant new camera
it's not giant it's a small camera for a
DSLR size camera but it's definitely
bigger than Barney and the files were
huge because I uploaded in 4k so I just
now finished uploading in everything
that so it's nice to be holding a
smaller more comfortable more sexy just
kidding camera like I said before that
cameras gonna be used for things that
this camera can't do or if I need two
cameras for something that's why I got
anyway we are having a pretty productive
day I haven't really shown you around
the new office yet I've shown you a
little bit of my desk but I wanted to
show you officially what it looks like
alright so here is my desk my new 4k
monitor which I can edit on which is
awesome
keyboard computer new camera feel like
it looks pretty great in the room you
know it fills it out nicely and there
was a keyboard and then Jenna's desk so
we had a full-blown workspace now but
I'm really psyched man I just said in my
first video on a desk and I don't know
ever really nice we were just like
working back-to-back I think we're gonna
head over to Best Buy because we need to
grab a couple things and then we have to
podcast maybe play some more guacamelee
jenna loves clock Amalia
okay I see you lighting you looking good
I've liked Johnny Dan right now we are
about a podcast right now Jenna's coming
downstairs and we are going to talk
about the things on the podcast with the
water in are the cups once we are done
with the podcast I'm going to spend some
time obviously uploading it and pushing
it out into the internet sphere so your
face can see my face in the podcast once
that's done we might try a new setup for
streaming on Twitch I have a way to use
a wired connection for twist streaming
so I might try to do that we might do it
like a mini Twitter stream on guacamelee
or something we have stuff going on this
week that impedes right into where video
day normally is so we are trying to work
ahead because we have to in order to be
at certain things and fulfill our
obligations and do things that we have
to do this week we are going to review
our Apple Watchers on the podcast right
now anyway I'll catch back with you guys
in a sec next week we're having a guest
Podcast his name is Dale just kidding
we're not fucking you Dale you guys
remember when I used to wear my hair up
like high in the top but I'm doing that
right now because I'm so fucking hot we
just podcast it and it was like blazing
hot in that room it's just hot this time
of year so but anyway I'm gonna put the
podcast together right now I just wanted
to show you guys my really high bun even
though it's not that high but I used to
wear it like super high on now when I
kind of loved when we were in Boston
Jenna's friend Kim she was talking about
this how when your hair is down it's
like you're in the hot kitchen like the
kitchens on right now and the kitchen
was just really fucking on for this
press press play oh that's awesome
so we're streaming on Twitch right now
and we finally figured out a way to make
it not look like a but stream but live
stream so we got some friends hanging
out right now and we're playing waka
Meili again this game is so much fun
guys stay out of the vlog I walk wrong
I'm a bubble well there's gotta be up
some skeletons in ponchos yes so it's
morning and last night Jenna cleaned the
sheets of our bed and we forgot to put
him back on the bed so when it was like
really lately we had no sheets so we
just slept in the living room and I woke
up a little bit ago so I've been up
doing stuff but she's still asleep and
she looks really cute the dog I wanna
show you her hello guys are you sleeping
with mommy
oh hi Pete
wakey-wakey time to get up
Jan will wake up she's like really
asleep so I'm gonna try to wake her up
party lights wake up wake up how about
some color pulse pick up wakey wakey
silly goose time to wake up guys get her
up somebody's waking up I got you an
orangey this helps wake up wake up
coming why you go oh what's that
Jana Hawaii aren't you back you want
mommy up huh oh you love when mommy's
away you love when everyone's awake who
love
let's hit the audio on this
feel weird about bubbly that's nice just
like the champagne lighting Oh Oh push
Jenna it's bubbly wake up we're popping
champagne you're going up on a Tuesday
morning because bubbly
so we are going to Studio City to a
magic store is learning to be magicians
we're quitting YouTube we're going to
just be full-time position now for real
though we are getting magic stuff for a
potential video for Jenna we're going to
go check it out see what's cooking and
then also we have an event that we need
outfits for so we are going to look for
outfits because some of us grow out of
clothes even if we're not technically
supposed to be going anymore
Julianne so we're looking for face paint
you don't have to ask why but we're in
this art supply store and we're looking
at the Isle of face paint and I saw this
one and immediately I remembered using
that when I was a kid my mom used to
face paint us and with this exact not
only like book but the same picture on
the front the hem changes a picture for
like years and Jenna's like we should I
get this one I might get this one I
swear by it I do as a kid and I have
it's such a good base name that they
haven't even changed a cover picture
it's that same girl she's probably like
40 right now no she's probably like 20
that is a good face do you believe me
there's good face paint her on TV
all right so we've been in the mall for
like a few hours getting our stuff that
we needed and we're headed home right
now to shoot Jenna's video so I just
wanted to close the bargain here because
I'm in a mall I never closed of long in
a mall no I just I just we're gonna have
a lot to do when we get home and I just
wanna close blog and say thank you guys
so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
I love you I'll see you
