what's up guys so I just went and played
frisbee with Josh and his family I got
to meet band dinner man and his brother
Jeremy
he played without him and I just got
home and I think Jenna and Brett are
getting home right now too so I just
want to say hi and I hope you guys are
doing well hope you having a good
Tuesday but we are gonna see what's up
for the rest of the day we're gonna go
to a party in Santa Monica at around
7:00 so I'll see what these guys are up
to and then I'll check back in you guys
so we were already and we're gonna go to
this engagement party of our friends
it's actually Jay Diaz who directed the
music video of her vlog with me and
Samantha they're getting engaged so
tonight is a party to celebrate the
engagement a right but the engagement
tonight around the mic yep the mics on
this is new for me but I'm on Team Brown
today brown belt brown shoes ground
watch sort of just watch batting for you
what can Brown do for you I want to
shoot this entire vlog on the new camera
just so I can export it and upload it in
a different resolution 4k and if I shoot
any with loggy I can't do that so I'm
not gonna bring the camera to the party
but I will pick you up when I get home
hey friends good morning so I didn't
pick up the camera again last night
because we basically just chilled out we
were kind of feeling pretty worn out
from the night before and we just took
it easy I played some GTA but today my
brother Marlon the redheaded one that
you guys love is coming over and my
sister's coming over to we're gonna have
a little barbecue back in our new yard
so that should be a decent time and it's
great weather so it should be a nice fun
Sunday I already went shopping and got
all the barbecue supplies and cleaning
the house of that brats helping me right
now the dogs are over there and also I
just wanted to say that normally I'm a
non not vlogging with this camera just
because it's not really practical but I
wanted to do one entire vlog with new
camera I'll be vlogging this vlog you
know is how easy
so we like to like put our phones
connected to the chromecast and then we
all like join and that way we can add
songs and add to the playlist like
together and we're doing it right now
alright so while we were watching a
video on Saturday and it was like this
really creepy weird YouTube video like
original fucking 2006 weird youtubers
shit it was just getting really creepy
and we're all in the chromecast and then
I like by laughs I like disconnected
from the chromecast on my phone and on
the screen it got really weird and then
on the screen is there says Julian left
and we like died laughing it was like
the funniest thing ever so now we're
just saying like Julian left because
it's just like Ava kid is like the
perfect timing so this is what like what
it looked like do enjoy and what you're
talking about it yesterday it's a lot
like when you you know we used to like
go on those chat rooms like online and
just chat with people and then someone
would say you're something really
fucking weird and then it would be like
alright Julian left it's exactly like
that yeah Julian left alright so we're
going through a bunch of old pictures
and artwork and Jenna's like hanging up
on my art in the bathroom like a weirdo
but we found this one signed picture and
it's signed for my brother and Marlon my
brother is gonna explain what the
picture is and who that person is
alright so first of all who is it
there's our old friend who played
quarterback at UCLA what's his name
Corey pause okay I'm gonna read it it
says to Marlon I know it's hard having
an older brother and sister sometimes
but you're doing a great job at it
good luck fuck you Dale yep and Marlon
farted on his lap one time yep it's true
and it was silent though so I didn't
think you'd yeah if only you guys could
see how ridiculous this looks me holding
this camera like a vlog camera yeah will
you do that Roxanne is gonna help out
and take a picture meanwhile everyone
just went outside to watch PG jump over
a stick so that's our Sunday oh yeah
this is what it looks like I'm holding
the the adjustable tripod as like a
armed to the camera I'm trying to shoot
this entire vlog on this camera just to
see how it looks maybe we should show
them the bathroom that you guys just
decorated all right so that's B there
that's a baseball glove painting of
David Wright that I made iPod it's a
weird fucking iPod piece this is a
signature from John Madden
this is Justin Cooper and I know Julian
you are cool and then this is a picture
of me of a painting that my mom did
signed by Triple H what so yeah Jenna
and Brett just decided to put all those
up on the bathroom just to make fun of
me
yeah so basically at any point during
the day in this house you have like a
75% chance that kpop will just start
playing fuck you down
so that's what that is they're listening
to kpop and they just love kpop
I don't know I wanted to give you
another glimpse of my brother cuz you
guys really like him my internet
he says bye until the next vlog nothing
by the ginge I'll see you soon it was
fun hanging out with Marlon in it good
morning guys
so it's Monday morning right now and I'm
up relatively early getting ready for
the day cuz I have a lot to do today I
have a chiropractic appointment at 10:30
which I'm feeling incredible about my
back it's more of just like a follow-up
appointment but after that I'm gonna try
to get a little workout in more of like
a running thing because I'm still giving
my back some time to heal and then my
desk is actually coming in addition I
wanted to say that last night well this
whole weekend was just like a blast
hanging out with Brett because Brett is
awesome and we love him and he literally
stayed with like the whole weekend which
was really fun but last night we were
playing that game guacamelee on xbox
I was streaming that on Twitch the other
night by myself anyway it's like a four
player game so we're all playing it and
it was so funny and we were just dying I
think so I like recorded it so I made it
into a gaming video that'll be up on my
second channel just Julianne if you guys
want to go watch that it's just us
playing guacamelee and it's pretty
ridiculous getting caffeinated right now
for a productive Monday this vlog might
be a little different than most of my
vlogs just because I'm experimenting
with the new camera I didn't really have
a log in my pocket to whip out wherever
I was I know this is a bigger camera so
it's harder to do that I'm gonna finish
caffeinate and then head over to the
chiropractor soon and then build a desk
like Bob the Builder except I'm the
better builder Bob
all right well I built my desk and I'm
really happy with it it's turning out
really great like everything's fitting
really nicely and Jenna helped me so
much so Thank You Jenna for that I'm
gonna close the vlog right now I did
want to show you guys one more thing
before I close up the blog I went to the
PIO box today and I found this it's a
whiskey barrel and look what it says
top-shelf barrels send me this custom
barrel which I believe I can age my own
whiskey yeah you're supposed to cure
your barrel by cleaning it out and then
you age your liquid you can choose your
liquor your whatever you want to age you
can agent in this barrel just got plugs
and everything top-shelf barrels thank
you so much these are the guys who sent
it it's really sweet of you
it says fuck you Dale and I love whiskey
so I'm definitely gonna be making use of
this anyway
I'm going to get to end ling now because
i got this set up but i think you got so
much for watching the vlog and thank you
for putting up with a little bit
different vlog because I was using the
new camera the whole time but I love you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow for the
next log back on vloggy
alright I'll see you guys right
