what up guys I am in downtown LA at jury
duty right now we just broke for lunch
a couple minutes ago so right now I just
took a walk to get out I was literally
sitting there for hours they didn't call
me or anything so I guess it's just a
waiting game today that's see what
happens hopefully whatever happens today
I'll come back tomorrow
I'm just gonna chill out for like an
hour and a half I've been writing a
little bit I'll try to clip together
some sort of a blog for you but I wanted
to say hi right now from downtown LA
it's beautiful out today and I haven't
been like on foot in downtown LA in a
long time and it's nice and it's not the
valley so it's not like definitely hot
I'd say the best part of logging and
getting to create a video all the time
like normally when you'd be waiting
around
oh it just pull other cameras do
something so like right now I'm walking
around on my lunch break
and if there's ever like a red light
instead of like checking my phone or
waiting around or kicking the dirt I
just like cheer little time lapse like
the street oh my god
so it is about four o'clock right now
1600 hours
and I've been dismissed from jury duty
for one year I did not get picked I did
not get called I didn't get anything
except for dismissed when I was actually
summoned last night as frustrating as it
was I was a little excited to get the
experience of being a juror so part of
me feels deprived but the other part of
me is like fuck yeah I get to go home so
I'm excited I've done tired running on
like 2 and 1/2 hours of sleep yeah
someone jury duty even though I didn't
really do it I'm not sure if I've said
this on like a podcast or a vlog before
so forgive me if I have but I'm in
insane traffic in downtown LA and it's
like there's one road going to where I'm
going and so many people are on it it's
like insane but it reminds me of when I
was a kid my little stepbrother Jacob we
were on our way to the batting cages one
day and there was kind of one way to get
there and there was a lot of traffic and
we were just sitting in traffic and out
of nowhere Jacob just goes wow a lot of
people are going to the batting cages
right now and we just like died laughing
because I mean he hunts percent was in
the right thinking that everyone on the
same road as us was going exactly where
we are going and that just reminded me
of that moment because we're all this
like regular Elysian Park
it's really really small road everyone's
on it and it's like everyone's going
home from jury duty to Julian's downtown
so I never really get any sort of
preachy or kind of him part any sort of
wisdom on you guys cuz I don't feel like
I'm qualified to in any sense tell you
how to live your life or you're gonna
give you advice like when people say you
should do this or you should do that I
just don't feel like I'm in a position
to do that and I'm not necessarily
saying that nobody is I think a lot of
people are but with that said I do feel
like today was a really good reminder
and kind of a a good test for me when it
comes to embracing a situation that's
less than ideal and I know that I did
this one day and then I'm done with it
it was very short-lived it's very first
world problems the dirty anything you
know having to go on very little sleep
and go downtown is in traffic it's wait
all day but I feel like I did a decent
job today of keeping my mind in a good
space I didn't have any negative or
frustrated attitude and all the traffic
I stopped through today we ran all the
lines I waited in or all the waiting
rooms I was in I really did just feel
like both making kind of a conscious
effort and also just trying to be happy
helped me today and I was really happy
with it just to understand and
experience and then just like prove to
yourself that you create your own
scenery you make you make your mood you
decide if you're gonna be happy or if
you're getting miserable and you know
I'm not gonna lie like a lot of times
whether it's traffic or having to go do
things that I'd rather not do I would
easily get upset sometimes and today I
wanted to make a vlog happen but I also
had to be in a waiting room most of the
day I was just trying to be happy and I
feel like I'm rambling a little bit I'm
not gonna be home soon and I'm ready to
devour something there's one thing
though that I will never stop disliking
and
Dale fuck you Dale alright so I'm back
in my happy place with the dog so you
guys on the love sack can we ordered
from this Italian place that we
discovered makes gluten-free sandwiches
with like baguettes so this is what it
looks like this is gluten-free looks
good I got to put here too because they
can't control myself sometimes when it
comes to food so you guys have to that
Jenny you look flea he that's Jenna's
elder scrolls character so I fell asleep
last night and didn't get to do more
vlogging or close the vlog but I woke up
just now in like the best mood ever
because I went on Twitter and I saw the
hashtag Love Wins and I'm just like
overwhelmed with with how many people
are now supporting gay marriage and our
country is finally making it legal it's
pretty incredible
hashtag Love Wins for real it's a big
day for this country and for the world
it's it's a really cool thing to wake up
to that's for sure we're thinking we're
gonna go run a couple errands get a few
things done we need one of the camera
store also Jenna's show is on today so
she's gonna live-tweet it oh of course
also damn I forgot I need a captain is
maybe just a little bit but my desk is
coming today so I will get my desk and I
will build it let's get going today I
know there's gonna be posted a little
late on Friday but I want to give you
guys a real blog so Love Wins
what's up guys I told you I was getting
a new little toy I'm currently using it
I'm not holding vlog II right now so we
we just went and picked this up which
I'm really excited about still figuring
it out it's gonna be a little bit of a
learning curve but the audio should be a
little better waiting for my desk to get
here so I can build it and have a desk
and edit this for you I want to edit it
for you but I'm really excited Love Wins
oh hey guys so uh I'm gonna end the vlog
right now just because it's getting to
be pretty late I don't want you guys to
have to get this like late Friday night
what's the fun in that
can I help you you bored so I guess
you'll just have to wait till Tuesday to
see my new desk in the office but I'll
probably like snapchat and post about it
or whatever but I'm really excited to
like be able to sit down at a desk and
properly edit these vlogs I feel like
I'll have more time and space to be more
creative and spend more time because I
don't want to do is spend time on these
vlogs I love making them for you guys
oh also let me know what you think of
the new camera it's not gonna replace
foggy it's gonna be a supplement to my
vlogs it's not gonna replace my current
camera but I do intend on using it a lot
and I'm excited about it I hope the
audio is good I think I think the audio
should be pretty pretty crisp I love you
guys so much
and I want to say that for anyone out
there whose life has been directly
affected by today's awesome news about
gay marriage being legal you deserve it
you deserve to feel as good about the
prospect of marrying someone as any
other human being on earth I hope you
guys all know how big of a day it was
anyway thank you guys for watching I
hope you all have an awesome weekend
live it up celebrate party but be safe
and I'll see you guys on the internet on
Tuesday all right later
