what's up I'm sorry I've been really bad
about picking up vlog II till 1600s 4
p.m. right now do you like my new globe
it's my new globe that's where I love
gonna go on my desk when my desk gets
here my desk isn't here coming here on
Friday so if I haven't mentioned it yet
Jenna and I have really been working on
redoing our home office it was a miss
for so long because we used it for
storage and then we had to move
everything out because of a leak you
guys remember that now we're trying to
like revamp it so I got myself a desk
and Jenna you know of course has her
desk and it's still kind of waiting to
come together because my freaking desk
isn't here until Friday but you can kind
of get an idea what its gonna be
so over here we got Jenna's desk as
usual except we moved this bookshelf
over there check out Jenna's degree
that's Gina's desk and then right here
we have Jenna's keyboard which we are
still setting up over here is all of my
shit I got myself a monitor for editing
this is a nice big old fucking monitor
like the size of Jenna's computer that I
can edit with not just on my laptop so I
got myself a keyboard I already have a
mouse but now I will have like a desk
right there to where I can put my
computer monitor my shit my stuff my
pens they got pens my notebook all that
stuff oh did I get sunburned yesterday
anyway so you can kind of get an idea of
what the office is going to be when it's
all done and we're gonna put the love
sack right over there and then during
the weekends we might move it out there
but the office is going to be like the
dopest room in the house and that's
exciting to me because it's going to be
really encouraging to just be in there
and doing work and enjoying myself now
that we enjoy that space because before
I was ending over on Patrick over there
which is great but it's not made for
working it's made for sitting in Hannah
and whisky which I want to keep it that
way and the high chairs it's not really
conducive to editing for hours on it so
as soon as my desk comes I will finalize
my area my workspace and I'm so excited
to finally have that so things are
coming along Jenna and I are going to
art the process of the Wednesday video
what you're looking a little dirty
blonde you let me clean you well there
we go that's the thing about vlogging
the lens is really small so cleaning it
isn't the easiest thing so we're going
to get going on writing the video and
then in time we will be shooting the
video but I want to say how do you guys
greet you guys well it was still
daylight so I didn't pick up the camera
at night like a total dick there's
always this period after we finish
writing the whole video for Jenna at
least we're not participating that
she'll have like an hour I have to go to
make my hair and I think during that
time today I might go do some Sprint's
because I need to get my body moving
head before body all right move your
instant Sprint's probably like one of
the most standard sprint workouts I do
would be a set of 10 60 or 70 yard
Sprint's with I'd say like 45 seconds to
a minute rest between each sprint so
it's between 80 to 100 percent on the
sprint and then the walk back is your
rest ideally you'd want to run similar
to his fast on the tenth sprint as you
are on the first print so that doesn't
mean blow it out and then be done by the
tenth one you want to keep it steadily
up pace throughout all the sprints and
another thing that I like to remember
when I'm doing Sprint's is that walking
back and taking a little extra time the
rest is not bad
having a little extra time in between
sets for your rest period is okay
because at least for me I believe that
as your heart rate goes down from the
sprint it goes down a little extra
because you're taking extra rest it's
going to spike back up for the next
sprint and then it's going to have to
trickle its way down for the next rest
so basically what I'm saying is when you
do when you're doing intervals having a
little extra rest is okay because you're
going to spike the heart rate back up
just don't make it so the rest is so
long that your body goes back to like
resting heart rate so it's just
something to keep in mind if you do
sprints like that but yeah I'm gonna run
outside and do some sprints
time to know back when I back sack him
in that snapback when I say now he'll
dad's telling to get back home when that
mission came to make that money I put it
into me day my foes I medic yourself out
sippin brown liquid down mixing loud
with it now even when the cops on me I
got to get away no stop them you know
what we reppin for come visit my town
hit him at the shore you hear the sound
here when I coming to my shoulder head
is blood that's that man yeah slip it
now whoo go stick around catacombs put
you on the ground I don't play around
mister click rapper but I am alone as I
keep some magazine bottles of money just
blow oh those are the sprints
I guess they can come off a little
uninteresting but there's something
about having a numerical limit to one
you're gonna be done to once you run
your maximum capacity of a sprint ten
times you're done so you know that every
single sprint is building up to complete
the workout systematically so that way
when you're on your first sprint you
have the same goal because when you're
on your 10th sprint that is why I enjoy
sprite why I don't enjoy them
it's cuz they started and they make me
want to cry with the good for you stop
we're going to get beauty supplies to be
beautiful no we're really just going to
get them for Jimmy's video that's we're
wondering right now okay the call with
the beauty supply store and jazz already
distracted looking at stuff that isn't
for the video I guess while I'm here I
can show you what a couple things are
for case you want some beauty tips these
are great if you play with chemicals but
you also want to look like a superhero
this is good for if you don't like to
have olive oil in a normal bottle look
whole person this section is if you
really like blue or red or purple or
black I guess this store is kind of
color coded these are great if you like
wearing socks in the shower
this section is great if you want to buy
shampoo we'll wash your hair once these
are great if you want to shave we don't
want anyone to know about it this is
great if you like to scramble 1/5 of an
egg at a time for all you people who
don't just like to mold your hair but
you like to enjoy it this is a great
product for if you ever want your kid to
mistake it for food and eat it this is
perfect if your pastries ever need
eyeliner basically just like walking
around that store looking things from
for me to make butter and it's like way
too easy like the way people name their
products and it's ridiculous she's
finishing up and they're getting all the
supplies for the video and then we're
going to grab some dinner and start
shooting but yeah I just I didn't want
to
anymore so came out here now I can talk
to you guys so I look even more crazy I
love doing this because I look insane to
so many people who don't get what the
internet is what's that camera in hand
are you are you on a trip where you're
tourists are you taking pictures are you
filming me no no I'm not filming you my
lens is shut and it's in my pocket
how could I be filling you
my name is read the ground there's a
helicopter
hi
I really want sushi today so I think
that's that's what I have to eat for
dinner
I've been eating the quail egg but like
on top of sushi and it's the most
amazing fucking thing ever just tastes
like gold not literally just tastes like
it looks like gold and it tastes like
great sushi all right this guy's me
right now he's me F so guys I know MOC
just started her new channel and she's
big-time but it's legit like she's
actually big-time
she's already modeling in this beauty
supply store it's not like much Jenna
just pointed that out and it looked like
Mark so I know the finale of Game of
Thrones was a couple weeks ago but I
think a white Walker got into my car
she's making the mock face that's the
mock face what it's a white Walker
even's on the left oh my god I need some
Valyrian steel guys help me out can you
guys send some Valyrian steel to my
appeal box because I'm living with a
white Walker also Jenna just got like a
bunch of makeup for the video and also
like to have and mock completely dissed
it because it's shit makeup show me I
went on a basic makeup haul all this is
by NYX I'm gonna be a basic size that is
that all for your hover your basic haul
you can start talking about your makeup
now Pisa
Marc Marquez be a bitch right now Maki
they're fucking put a plot of that holy
wat
she's gonna ban you if I told her that
mock plug up your hole god that's so
weird to say so I'm just waiting for
food hanging out with a little marble
and I was on snapchat and I was
wondering if you guys agree with me or
maybe if you have different feelings I
guess comment below and let me know but
when people use snapchat to solely
promote things their projects or
whatever they're working on just
constant promotion on snapchat
does that not defeat the purpose of
snapchat isn't snapchat supposed to be a
look into your daily life not like
another promotional tool where you can
just like spam people with shit sorry
just kind of annoying also I'm hungry so
maybe it really isn't that big of a deal
and just making it one oh wow what a
good girl she's getting a little black
like striped like Kermit right down the
back of
and also she's getting her first getting
just a tad bit rougher it's not as soft
because you know the baby anymore yeah
your one alright my food needs to get
here like now so we are nearing the end
of shooting the video and we will likely
be up pretty late yes that's right long
day but a good one so right as I'm about
to start editing and get ready for this
all-nighter I call just to confirm that
I don't have to go into court tomorrow
for jury duty because I hadn't been part
of the group in the last three days and
of course I am summoned tomorrow so it's
2:30 in the morning I got to be there at
9:00 and I got an entire block so that
is my life anyway I love you guys I'll
see you tomorrow
somehow I don't know thanks for watching
