good morning I am getting up this
morning and I'm happy to say that I'm
feeling significantly better than
yesterday my back is definitely not
where it was it feels the adjustment
like it feels like it's back in place
it's just the muscles are still a little
agitated but I'm on the way up so I'm
really excited to get back at it
I am orange maybe maybe do a little
running later just to get my body moving
again
don't let vloggy fool you I'm not ten so
we are going to the dentist it's not my
appointment it's Jenna's she's got a
consultation with his new dentist so we
are gonna go to Beverly Hills which is
where her dentist is that's a little bit
of a trek for us so we'll have a little
time to explore the world today let's go
explore the world come along with me
will you but I forgot to mention I'm
getting a new camera not to replace vlog
II don't don't get sad vlog he's gonna
be around but I wanted to have an extra
camera or another camera in my arsenal
of tools to make vlogs with just because
I think I can do a lot more stuff and a
lot cooler things with another camera so
it should be coming next month I'm
really excited about that
also in case you haven't seen all these
boxes that's shit we we've recently
ordered and assembled and put in our
house light bulbs dressers electronic
stuff we got a new mic for the camera so
I'm psyched
new stuff but let's go explore the world
I gotta put this on my car this thing is
really cool it's a little sticker that
says biggie dad
we're getting our car back from the
valet at their dentist and this guy just
pullouts
who linked it to get our car so
if you have a full-on sprint you get a
tip necessarily we just got home from
the dentist and I'm headed to do a
really fun thing which is gonna play
frisbee with Josh except this time I'm
going to bring this how long make it a
little more interesting so you guys can
see it firsthand yes I'm excited because
I'm feeling incredible today like my
back is feeling almost back to normal
completely yesterday was amazing
fixing my back so heading over the park
right now alright play some frisbee
out here at the park and wait for Josh
they may fund I wonder what it looks
like
wonder what looks like for you guys not
me well technically it's the same thing
you're gonna see what I'm seeing what up
good oh hey this is Julian Camp Julian
Kay yeah what's up man
I've always wanted to be a part of
Julian camp now you are right here right
where you want to look anyway the world
is gonna see our frisbee experience
firsthand why is that flower floating
there's Chris somewhere he's probably
hiding in this tree right now
you're just playing frisbee my chest get
to watch him catch us sometimes drop the
frisbees listen let's play a drinking
game when you watch this vlog again do a
shot or just a drink every time Josh
drops the frisbee alright we're not
trying to kill them so it's be easy but
yeah we we were just casually playing
frisbee and then Josh is like we're not
leaving till we burn 500 calories so I
was like ok and we are currently almost
at 600 so but now it's your fault that I
look good if I ever look good this guy's
fault it's gonna go shower with Josh so
I'm currently icing in trying to recover
after playing frisbee which didn't hurt
but it was it was the most I've moved in
like 2 weeks so I'm just taking a load
off
and for some reason Jenna keeps creeping
on me
what the hell Jenna give me some space
anyway I'm gonna finish building the
second dresser today I already started
it this morning and I'm gonna get to
ending the vlog as well and I had a
blast playing frisbee so just wanted to
show you how invasive some people were
being so I just took a shower and had
some dinner we are winding down for the
night we just watched America's Got
Talent and there was this lady who made
bird noises and she was killing us she
just had the funniest face and she was
absolutely ridiculous she like got
vetoed right away but anyway I finally
put the dressers upstairs so they are
ready to go broke down a bunch of boxes
because the trash comes tomorrow but you
guys don't care about that anyway I
wanted to end the vlog right now and see
thank you guys so much for watching the
vlog and I will see you tomorrow for
another vlog also really quickly before
I let you go fun fact of today peachie
tried to eat our foam roller I'm not
even fucking kidding that dog chews
everything also no matter how fleek do
you think you are you're not that sweet
that is
I need to close this vlog I always want
to close the vlog and not be boring I
hope I'm not being boring hope is it
alright alright alright I'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
