good morning guys
I am just sitting down have some nice
coffee to start off my day which I'm
sure a lot of you guys do as well I got
up a little bit ago and I started
cleaning up the mess from last night
because we kind of left our button out
Jenna was anything all night and I was
editing and then I went to sleep and
she's now just recently going to sleep
cuz she stood up basically the whole
night ain't just actually trying to
caffeinate like I'm wondering if I need
to pour others energy substances in here
both to cool it off so I could drink it
faster but also for more energy actually
know about it it does taste gross this
is no need for gross pacing exactly good
morning I am headed over in a little bit
to those tea Josh and Arnold we're gonna
go to the mall we're going middle mall
and get some stuff it's not mainly for
me I think more for Josh to the wedding
and stuff he needs to get some super
strong figured I would join them in that
quest to the mall oh this town is like
certainly gets the camera's lens
what is that bounce the very unnerving
sound it sounds both like an electrical
current and a swarm of bees there's our
two terrifying things and I don't know
why I'm hearing that sound well anyway
I'm gonna leave this outdoor area now
because I'm sufficiently freaked out but
I hope you guys are having a great
Friday honestly because I am and I'm
happy and I'm caffeinated and as you
should be no I'm not picking you up
keeps doesn't get picked up right now
she's been a bad girl this morning bad
girl
I have jury duty next week
anyway I have jury duty next week I go
in on Monday to see the situation if I
get picked whatever all that stuff's my
first time doing jury duty we will see
how it goes across the jury duty bridge
when I'm forced I don't want to cross it
early that's weird
I'm gonna go inside now and put a shirt
on and I'm not wearing a watch and then
I'm gonna go meet Josh permit them off
so I just resorted to turning my copy in
the iced coffee so I could drink it
faster if you guys ever done that it's a
great method of getting caffeinated
faster it also tastes good when it's hot
out so that's my excuse I'm not gonna
tell people that I put it on ice because
I want to drink it faster like a freak
I'll tell them that it's hot out but I
wanted a refreshing drink refreshing
beverage I gotta go I'm late late you
know that when you start to like look
around at things and people and thoughts
in your brain and your first thought is
like that's beautiful yeah that's when
you're getting caffeinated I've reached
that point so thank you - iced coffee
you da real MVP today also on the topic
of beautiful things whenever I'm leaving
the house like in the morning and Jenna
still sleeping I just like look at her
and I give her a kiss like while she's
still asleep it's just like she's just
the most amazing thing ever I don't
really know how to say this because you
guys like you only know us from the
internet and stuff but spending all my
time with her and having fallen in love
with someone like that is just it's
amazing and she really is just the
sweetest thing
in my entire life all right fucking
enough Jesus it's like 11 a.m. it's too
early for sappiness sorry guys I'm like
really caffeinated you have to forgive
me for being overly positive no damn it
Julie being too positive again that's
impossible
no one can be too positive no one except
you Dale fuck you I just realized I
really wanted to shave and I didn't I
always have an inkling that I'm growing
out of beer is gonna look good and then
if those for a little bit but then it
just gets so fucking weird and patchy
that I'm like I'm not a man yet I can't
do this yet I regret not shaving your
that's right now right now oh also I can
say to see you guys because I'm about
hanging out with Josh and I gotta keep
my mouth shut but we're gonna surprise
Josh with a boys night dinner tonight
he's gonna go out with Tim and Arnold me
Josh
Simon Matt Jason Andrew we're all gonna
surprise him at dinner and then maybe go
out afterwards but yeah tonight should
be really fun because I haven't really
been out with all of those guys at once
I mean I'm like at Josh's house and he's
not here should I just go in yeah you
both said that he brought his - yeah
like you want to talk again song he's
already did like three cardio sessions
all right calm down
for Kent with
to me but yeah I'm wearing crosses and I
don't need to be cool because Arnold
inspired me it has the swag in
confidence
this is me guys drinkin it seems to you
turn sexy as hell
oh yeah it's like your coming-out party
yeah you're being you this is you
yeah looks right make sure I type of
this my coming out video that yeah look
at those two guys hold hands
beautiful I love jewelry now josh is in
there doing something for his wedding
industry that's really we're just gonna
write it obviously I mean this is like
the big boys right she didn't want to
give us tickets bouncing give me tickets
I really want to ride
it's exciting it's like because you
never know where it's gonna go
unexpected turns the other break you
like a flip I heard there was a quick
oh my god whoa that thing popped out of
nowhere
extreme
it's like what did i do wait oh damn
this is the lap
and she's getting excited please
oh my god that's a real number
wow it is hot I just had a blast going
the mall with Harlan Josh so josh thinks
he's going to dinner with Tim and Arnold
tonight and so they were talking about
it that's what Josh thinks is gonna
happen and kollene is going to come
what's really gonna happen is Colleen is
gonna drop josh off and everyone's gonna
be there including myself so josh was
like hey Jillian you know me and Tim and
Arnold and kollene are grabbing dinner
tonight that's a guy I don't think I can
make it and I was like such a good actor
and I'm gonna show up so we'll Surprise
them tonight that'll be a lot of fun I'm
headed home right now to see my family
yelling so we're federal which is a
restaurant this back room with Curtis
and everyone's here Arnold is outside
with Kim and they are going to receive
Josh josh thinks it's just m3
and we're gonna we're gonna hold the
curtain like this professionally and
then review ourselves
and I guess this is sort of his bachelor
party for party for town party for Josh
where's Polly where'd she go ha she's
not coming back so I just went through
like a complete whirlwind of emotion I
was at dinner and I thought I saw Tyler
Joseph Praetorian pilots and I was like
too much of a bitch to say hi but I just
didn't want to mess it up I like idolize
that guy and we leave the restaurant and
I'm like sad and then someone tells me
on Twitter that he's in Europe so I
didn't blow it completely and I feel
good about that so what the hell you
changing color for a Bloggie that's
weird man but anyway twenty-one pounds
for life
skeletons like we're out at Josh's
bachelor party being weird it keeps
changing color okay that's that's one of
the things vlog he's not great at this
color-changing nonsense I don't like it
I don't like it
somebody forgot to say good night to you
and what see your mom it was me baby I
know sorry I forgot to say that guys I
had a blast last night it was a great
time
probably like my new beanie member
someone says it to the peel bar I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog I love you
guys very much I hope you have a great
weekend but yeah I'll see you guys on
Tuesday for the next vlog and I'll see
you on snapchat this week all right
