yep cut right miles lift I guess it's
kind of fitting that he's telling me
where to go because this is my
background screen on my my car's little
computer thing Goethe's so it's like I'm
looking at him and he's telling me where
to go I am headed over to dinner right
now with my fellow shadows joshan Arnold
we're going to get some sushi we haven't
done that in a little while so we're
gonna do that that's why I'm wearing
something that I call or otherwise I
would not be wearing something with a
collar I'm excited we're gonna have some
really good tasting food and we're gonna
hang out which we haven't done a little
bit
sorry I'm picking up the camera towards
the evening which you'll have already
noticed by that time lapse the Sun was
not coming up because I'm vlogging early
I finished the blog early so this is
still Tuesday or Thursday so that's all
we're gonna get some sushi now see the
boys and continue to be told what to do
by the German enemy which is cool yet
terrifying
don't squeeze my baby
guys I discovered a really cool new
channel today it's called official mock
yes mock now has a channel so I expect
you all to go over there and subscribe
because she's gonna get really pissed if
you don't subscribe I have no
information about what that channel will
be but it will be absolutely fabulous
she said she won't put up a video until
there's ten thousand subs so I'm not
sure if she's gonna stick to that or
change it to a hundred thousand or
million but I wasn't just going over
there I'm checking it out
marble did you jump over the thing are
you in the jelly dog now that's pretty
cool right I didn't think Marvel's gonna
do that alright anyway huh that's all
just wanted to tell you that mark has a
youtube joke
you want some sweet treats
so that's just literally proof literally
just fruit a little cookie looks like a
little like you know Teddy Graham we're
at the dog store getting dog treats for
Jana to eat you have to eat it frozen
though we're literally looking around
for everything that's human great that
is her dog so I can eat it on camera for
a video so I'm working with these that's
just what we have so far we're gonna get
some frozen ones now Bon Appetit Jenna
thanks a lot appreciate it
wait does this really say 10-hour
parking oh my god does okay I think
we're good we need better audio we have
a good mic for the podcast but we're
tired of lugging it around the house for
a video so we're going to get a proper
shotgun mic to go on our camera and
shoot this video this is a setup so far
get the DSLR with the wide lens and then
that's where the dogs will sit and
general sit over there they're gonna
hate dog food but we need to go get
better audio equipment so we're heading
over to Guitar Center hopefully they can
hook us up give us what we need for the
Guitar Center was rather on a household
didn't have what we wanted we were told
that they had the product we wanted so
we went over there waited for like 40
minutes couldn't find it so there was no
product that was fun anyway we went home
and immediately ordered a real shotgun
mic which we're gonna start using cuz
the reason why the audio has been
sounding so great on Jenna's recent
videos and some of mine as well
is because we're using a mic that's a
really good mic but it's not meant to be
mounted or pointed towards a scene if
you will it's more of like if you're
gonna record a song that's the kind of
Mike it's condenser mic anyway
we got it coming in the mail ordered a
lot of cool things today so
stuffed on and we're going to start
shooting in a little bit we have
everything set up yeah I wish I wish we
had a little easier time today hate
wasting time I got wasting time is one
of one of the things that really gets
under my skin right talked it because we
got a better mic now
yeah hydrate so if you guys had any idea
how ridiculous this looked be vlogging
like this I'm holding our giant camera
like a vlog camera with our wide lens
which is why you can see everything and
we have our mic right here so this is
not how I would be vlogging but I
figured I would just do this for a
second just to see what it looked like
and sounded like this is the this is the
setup for Jenna's video today
the dogs were gonna sit right there and
I'm gonna sit right here
just kidding Jenna's alright my arms
tired this thing weighs like 10 pounds
what a joke
could never blog like this thank God for
vlog YZ all around the world this is
only camera and I'm blogging on it so
that's cool alright thank you
big-ass spoon guess what you're supposed
to do is tip them afterwards on the app
to the giving opportunity tip of right
now she said you've only delivered so
this is our first time trying close
mates why don't we ever not
I can't believe very well so I grew up
up this is a little bit of game changer
and it's been around so we're a little
late to the party but thanks Lauren
so I'm just now closing the vlog at 1:00
a.m. but yeah thank you guys for
watching and hanging out today on the
block and I'll see you guys tomorrow for
the last walk in a week
also I hope you guys enjoy Jenna's video
that we put out the word bar oh yeah
that's like it so I gotta get I gotta
get tending I really enjoy the fact that
I get to do this and call it work it's
really cool and you guys are all awesome
all right I'll see you
