do you want all this because you know
what if your birthday - birthday come on
it's your birthday it's your birthday
happy first birthday she's a year old
guys it's her birthday and she all she
wants right now is their treats I'll
give you one at a time when you want to
first buck one for chicken bark twice
for greenie and bark - for dog bone tree
okay fine you get this one first here
you go you want the chicken I have had
peach for exactly ten months now cuz I
got her when she was two months old but
she is a year old today
she's huge she's a year old she's a full
year and she's still not done growing I
don't think but we are gonna celebrate
this giant little Aggies birthday giant
little here giant and little how do you
do that
we're going to do the the dog birthday
celebration thing today I think we're
going to take her to a pet store and get
her some fun dog stuff give her a little
festivity and have her blow out candles
and should be fun but it's my first time
having a pet have a birthday happy
birthday wake up are are you better
finish it up the other dogs are coming
you better finish it up whoo all right
calm down I've been watching III online
Xbox a 300 morning because I like that
kind of stuff I found out you can play
xbox 360 games on your Xbox one now and
that's going to change the game forever
oh that girl looks all flip though once
we all get ready we're going to probably
head out to the pet store to get peachy
some festive little gifts and stuff and
something to bring back to blow out with
candles in it a u2 booty go up oh wow
what you want you want something for
your birthday you just want all the
treats over one year ago you were a
little baby crazy so I found a pet store
that makes like fresh food so we're
gonna go get Peach a nice little fresh
cooked meal yeah you're gonna get cooked
meal free bread
but I just log down to waste and I found
out they have a new setting for today so
I want to show you guys a mission is to
protect you come at me if you want to
live
turn left Arnold's going to tell us how
to get to this pet store and then we're
gonna go get peach some fresh cooked
food yeah basically how it works is I
don't list like vegetables but the
pretty much is maintained in this square
like that's what's a good one and then
that - yeah and each set is a different
dish got it and they just look like
solid good peachy so this size is 350
the larger 680 okay let me know if you
have any other questions awesome thank
you so much never right peachy they want
she loves cheese yeah you know you're
welcome to open it I'm crying
probably Pete you're getting chicken and
cheese I can have your trees I got you a
fresh cooked meal your birthday is it
your birthday you're such a goober so
we're having our little ceremony now we
got her chicken and cheese dog meal and
we got a candle a little blonde candle
for a little blonde baby Jenna's gonna
tell me from this like iPhone for the
boys birthdays Kiki you ready to have a
little ceremony she smells like poo I
don't know what she just rolled it
outside you want your chicken and cheese
yeah it's nice and one for you she needs
the birthday hat on it or is it
chromates on your birthday her
birthday's in five days yeah looks legit
Oprah the birthday girl
a killer goon are you ready
it's her first birthday i'ma cry first
whatever your Wheaties your first
birthday now you heard that you ready
happy birthday
to you happy birthday now you're worried
a happy birthday dear a wheaty go forth
a different bird every morning birthday
- oh yo poop no no baby girl shit
birthday
oh not care you want to take it off you
alright she used to be on the train so
sweet
ah baby girl Oh God
get up close like this is insane it's
disgusting feet you're putting your
whole face into it
oh btw here like like the chicken cheese
good tea see this is your birthday well
she's definitely acting like a
one-year-old know all over her thing you
one-year-old all right all right take a
breath or two Wow good day
she eats just like your dad all right
okay now go breathe yeah one song go
Foley if you eat it like a speed that I
didn't know things could eat it like
they don't chew or swallow they just
inhale that's crazy right yeah 10 months
10 months ago he knows they are poor
I always have trouble with going to a
car wash just because of the time I feel
like it's it's a big chunkier day that
always kind of doesn't get wasted but
used up from getting your car washed but
at the same time I try to wash my car
because I want to take care of it so
that took a lot longer than I wanted but
I'm happy my car is looking nice and
clean take the good with the bad
make up time for later time right now
I'm heading over to meet Josh a little
frisbee action I probably shouldn't lift
any weights for a couple days just
because my shoulder thing is really
hurting so I'm gonna try to get some
running in about 88 degrees right now
and I'm gonna go run around and chase it
for things we just podcasted there's a
very interesting podcast so I would
check it out if you want to hear a very
weird and interesting discussion about a
weird interesting topic so we just did
that and I'm sitting down to edit the
podcast put it together get it uploaded
and then also edit my blog but we talked
about Rachel Dolezal and if any of you
know who that is you'll know why it's a
weird-ass podcast and now I think we're
gonna get some dinner going and then
maybe stream on Twitch a little later
which I guess is fitting for today
because today was e3 the first day of e3
so which I've been paying attention to
I'm so excited about some of those
things geez so we're we're training
peach with the agility said that someone
sent to our P o box and we just found a
really really funny like hack cuz she
won't jump over the bar she keeps going
under it so what we're doing is we're
trying to condition her so she knows
that jumping over the bar is the only
option so this is what it looks like
alright Jenna's gonna film it oh no cuz
it just gets her to know that she has
the confidence she can make it over she
lands fine there's no problem she's just
a little thrown off right yes shit well
she's a little scared that it's too high
for her until she sees how easily she
can clear it that's the truth
she's really tired huh good girl good
good good athlete cuz she's tired I love
it stay hot up good job festive summer
gear engage what I love you guys thank
you for watching this vlog see you guys
tomorrow for the next vlog I'll pick you
up in the morning pick you up in the
morning you better be ready alright see
you guys love you bye
