it's weird that Kyrgyz peaches normally
one who gets forgotten the other morning
kuru is crying in our bedroom so I
opened the door for him and it was like
7 a.m. so we were so sleeping so I open
the door for him to go out on the
balcony in a bedroom he comes back and I
shot the dog doesn't like he's back 30
minutes later I hear scratching I'm like
who needs to go out now and who's peach
outside she like snuck out good ninja
they all ran away all of them in unison
right away so the streamys are tomorrow
we have nothing to wear Jenna ordered
some clothes online and they didn't come
in time now we're gonna go day before
the three bees and go look for an outfit
because jenna is nominated for an award
and she needs nothing I'm just gonna
wear a full green screen suit so no one
can see me if you're going you should do
that
everybody's likes fun when I wear it I
like award shows
do the stylus things like lay off me I'm
trying the best I can in the fucking
ball okay
tomorrow is the first time like ever
ever that someone is gonna come and do
my hair and makeup I think I'm into the
house
yeah Paul I'm gonna prank them Oh for me
we're gonna make her never want to come
near us again yeah we told her that I
don't do anything natural so if you can
just beat my face that look Oh waiting
your hair done makeup done yeah that's
so exciting did Rome arrange that oh she
probably got nosy I wish I mean chances
are you're an Aussie woman I probably
will hire you like the ratio of Aussie
women to other people that have worked
for us is like unnaturally high so
because we had screw them all your boy
has to put on some of this no I need you
jealous - this is a mess over here
boy it's a mess over here yeah you know
what it is a mess I like to clean what
is that did you just like gloss your
teeth and then leave your boss there boy
there's a garbage can just right over
there I'm Aries let me by he's gotta
copy me so Heisey what the hell I can't
be able to get away from my workspace
ever since I made that vlog where I was
sitting here with my shirt off doing my
beard and getting ready for the day and
putting Kalamazoo my beard lush sent me
a whole bunch of Kalamazoo I get sent
stuff sometimes which is really really
kind and really sweet but like Julia
does one vlog and gets a bunch of free
mush and I'm like boy fuck you like I've
done videos where I literally put like
75 back bombs in a bathtub at once
and this boy gets free lunch like are
you kidding you can't deny this beer I
can't deny the Ares beard you just get
bullshit like if you're a girl like
means you love lush or even a boy like
me and you love lush and then your
boyfriend
who doesn't even really care and gets a
bunch of free lunch you can get fuck who
are you wearing tonight the mole bitch
getting my hair cut on Thursday because
I bought for fest but I forgot to be
into thinking okay why don't you just
let me cut your hair
when we get to the table at extreme east
I'll bring clinics in an extension cord
we can sit down I'll just start the
first one yeah I do it can you Bobby
stop I could just wear a hat to this
dream isn't she all right look at this
hat I love this hat I think it's such a
cool hat it's a hat that I'm gonna wear
it is so cool it's a very cool hat now
why now fucking what well marbles
marbles is getting old and this is how
you know he's getting old because he's
the only one that would ever ever TT on
the bed like this you gotta take this
all off and wash it but that boy is
geriatric why did you pee on our bed
he's getting too old those just like old
it I'm not gonna embarrass you I know
it's not really your fault and you and
never but he's just old but can you
please please mine you please maybe just
like clean the fuck out bathroom yeah
it's been years since somebody's peed in
the bed so I feel really bad honey but I
know it was you yeah tomorrow's the
streamys and then I leave for buffer on
Friday I think so I know Jenna's not
coming about for this year so it's all
together though it's just gonna be a
whole lot of you to be things happenin
IRL looking good thing about buffers out
well there's a lot of good things about
buffer covers great well one of the good
things is I don't have to get a nice
outfit cuz they just picked you up with
a tuxedo
right then in there yeah you just walk
into the room and they fit you up and
then you're uh then you're all black
tied up the reality is 99% of my life I
work clothes like this because I've
always wanted to just dress like I'm
working out for that I just came from a
workout which is the most comfortable
way to dress but when it comes to
certain events and things we have to you
know get some nice clothing so I'm gonna
try to get a nice shirt to wear tomorrow
you know it's nice to look nice at the
same time so much of my closet it's just
I really am digging florals lately all
right pretty similar to the one I got
Jenna recently but this is dope I think
I'm going to grab
BBB I have achieved the final boyfriend
position at the mall which is sitting
down at a random place because there's
nowhere to sit
Jenna's finishing up getting some stuff
but I'm happy with what I got I think
I'll try to make it work for tomorrow
we'll see time is relative
beauty is relative family is relatives
thanks for watching guys if you want
more where that came from
this is where I buy this this is this is
where that came from
you could buy it see you I feel like I
can't even think straight because so
much is going on tomorrow I have jujitsu
potentially a haircut phone call award
show Wednesday more jujitsu more phone
calls
helping Jenna with her video making a
vlog possibly streaming Thursday packing
my shit up I'll be gentle with the radio
show
just kidding I just got my hair cut
right now presenting my haircut also
really quickly while we're in here I
want to share something that happened
today
this little boy got a nice little
upgrade pretty happy about that back to
the office come on stop getting lost
here now it is time we taken as a little
dive into the Midland BTS I just gotta
figure out
all we have to do now is figure out
which SD card is the right one to import
the footage off of that one can't tell
oh no baby what is you doing okay we're
streaming that's what we is doing it's
probably my favorite part of the day
right now we're just playing we're going
about to start some custom games yo
y'all want some of this fucking vomit
Bush so we just finished a stream and
marbles was quite dramatic Kermit there
was like a sneeze almost anyway marbles
for the last like day and last night has
been sniffling little sniffles I'm kind
of constantly throughout the day and
night but it kind of got worse tonight
as we were streaming and so we cut the
stream and brought him into the toy bar
that just bar was is actually doing
we have two dogs and one other marbles
has a little sniffles we brought him in
he's fine
think it might be you know either
allergies or something related to his
teeth because he's getting his teeth
taken out soon but he's doing good we
just had to check because a little BB
guy we gotta take care of him anyway
we're gonna watch our dog rub itself in
soap now when soap is life this is real
life this is our life this is real you
want yourself so no one ever
