Kerma it's a bird
he's laughing at you bro
hey guys so I'm not this new sushi
restaurant waiting for my buddy Colin
right now we're gonna have lunch but I'm
excited to try this new sushi place
close to our house and it looks really
good and we're like the only people in
here for I'm the only person in here no
one's here it's not calls gonna be
interesting also is 11:50 in the morning
too early for sake never mind John I
didn't ask that
guys guys guys guess what I just
remembered Jen and I are gonna
double-date with our open heart tonight
I'm so excited we're gonna go on a
double date with Arnold and Hart we're
going out to dinner at 7:30 and I'm so
excited because this has been a long
time coming and all is the man and heart
is so sweet and gentle loves heart and
it's gonna be a lot of fun I'm so
excited I forgot to tell you sorry
caffeine Jenna's phone just died it's
like two and you even know how to charge
your phone or your watch everything's
always dead of yours always like I wake
up and on your bedside is your phone
this far away from its charger like why
do you not just plug it in God in her
watch like before each workout she's
like can you just go charge my watch for
five minutes it would last for two days
if you just plugged in while you slept
oh my god
that's not a good excuse you're not busy
you're busy forgetting to do very small
anything hello get me it see do you even
charkie defendant Kenyon but we watched
China and I was so weird yeah because we
always do that voice we finally decided
every guys sit down and watch it there's
actually a Miller's pretty good pretty
funky
Gumby whoo we are gonna go it's like
raining out but we're going to go to the
park and ride that little carousel bike
that you can rent around the lake which
should be fun we want to get some
exercise we figure that would be a fun
way to do it no likes the mascaras all
pretty dead well that way you'll get
charged us I think it's like four
dollars less for dead people just
kidding you look beautiful you look like
you got hit by a ha ha ha I want to see
what a hot bus looks like anyway yeah
we're gonna go to the park right now and
have some fun outdoor activity exercise
time yeah
and not dead
well we're biking this is so cool
just don't get hit by that car all right
you brought all Drive which way we go
how do you know what are going we should
borrow you know I don't wanna fall
horrible fast I don't like going mass on
anything is like a great way to double
our yeah please don't crash let's go
no I'm just kidding all right I'm
civilized my knee keeps on my burn all
right it's tough Marja let me go for a
little bit Hey okay sorry gets fear hmm
how about I just ride on the back seat
you drive hey you stop pedaling in all
pedal take train do these friend turns
oh oh yeah it's hard to be doing it
right all right now myself this is what
it looks like from our point of view
pretty cool
we should be the more we just like biked
across the street underneath good car
yelling audio calls hey so we just did
our first twitch stream ever and I'm
just now kicking myself for not vlogging
a little bit during it but I guess I was
kind of busy with keeping it set up
right and we did it we did a full-blown
twitch stream which was really awesome
and fun and we had like 500 people
hanging out and they were all commenting
and chillin with us which was so much
fun and I'm like I know there's so much
to learn in terms of twitch and
everything that is involved with it but
I'm learning in it's really exciting so
we'll be doing that more well though
we'll be doing it more because anything
is more than none and that's what we
used to do it but yeah we're going to
try to twitch at least semi regularly
there's a lot of fun we played Mortal
Kombat and GTA and all the stuffs off
twitch.tv slash Jenna Julianne if you're
into that as our channel yeah so we did
that for a few hours actually but I did
want to say that I had the most amazing
time with Arnold and Hart at dinner they
were just like the sweetest people you
could ever meet
and I loved them and it was a lot of fun
hanging out and eating really good food
probably too much of it it's so funny to
me when
I'm with Arnold and we're eating
somewhere and he decides that the food
is like too good that he just decides to
declare that meal his cheat meal like
for the week and he's like you know what
this is good is my cheat meal I'm gonna
go in like he just like goes completely
in on the food and I think it's so funny
because like I relate completely did
that like that's how I want to do every
single meal so the fact that he just
like he did it tonight he was like nope
you know what you caca is way too good
it's gonna be my cheat meal we're gonna
hit the hay right now in the morning I
am playing frisbee with Josh wah so
that'll be fun but uh I love you guys I
don't want pretend to sign off right now
don't sign off time sign up in the
morning damn it alright good night
right now I'm headed over to the park to
play some frisbee it's actually kind of
cool up today which I like so it should
be fun get a little sweat in and then
come back for video today oh yeah video
so I just played some frisbee with Josh
which was really nice I enjoyed that a
lot it was really muddy today so we were
like slipping all over the place but it
was still fun it's like signing out now
but I'm gonna run the best bye right now
because I am looking into getting a
better camera system for streaming on
Twitch because before we just use a
webcam and we had a good mic but still
shitty videos so that's why I'm gonna
head out of the house right now do you
guys like my shirt today swag app Jordan
who created boner man gave me this shirt
like last year at VidCon and I'm going
to see him again this year VidCon I'm so
excited Jordan I love you Jordan please
I just got a periscope notification that
Collin and Rome our periscope things I'm
watching perfect that's all I wanted
thanks Collin thanks for um good
periscoping Collin and rum hey so I'm
twitch streaming right now playing GTA
and I got a bunch of friends hanging out
so they're gonna say what's up to the
vlog how you do hey Julian hi world
yes Felicia someone's day fuck you do
come on there we go
Dale fuck you beautiful anyway I'm gonna
continue playing right now there's a lot
of fun you guys should hang out I'll
link it in the description so you guys
can hang out on the twitch streams right
so I just finished twitching I met this
person online and she just keeps fucking
with me and I
record it cuz it's funny his shit the
blind hobo Oh what come back we'll be
friends oh my gosh keeps leaving so I
just got done streaming on Twitch for
like two and a half hours and it was so
fun everyone was just hanging out it was
like a great community of people and so
I'm definitely gonna be doing that more
and so it's Jenna she was shooting her
video alone tonight so that's why I was
screaming about myself as you guys saw I
was playing GTA and it was really fun
I'm gonna close a vlog right now and
tell you guys thank you so much for
watching and thank you guys for hanging
out with me on Twitch I'm psyched that
we're going to be doing this now I'm
gonna finish editing the vlog now and
get to bed relatively soon but I'll see
you guys tomorrow for the last vlog of
the week I love you guys so much thanks
for watching right Syd peach
you
