hey what's up guys we're in a grocery
store right now we're shopping for the
week because we're back on our eating
right we have our recipes planned out
and this is what our cart looks like
just a whole bunch of vegetables so we
have not gotten to the rest of this
store that's why it's almost anyway I
just want to show you guys that's the
grocery store because I've never done
that it's not really like a normal thing
we're trying to get back into it but
yeah we have all the recipes planned out
so should be good yeah you can have the
palm all right gotta go shopping down
okay bye so when peaches in trouble I
say go home and that means to her she
already knows it means go into this
crate it's in fact her crate that she
came in when she arrived to the airport
so this is sitting in the living room
when I would say peach go home when
she's in trouble so she runs right in
there cuz she likes it she enjoys going
into the crate and so now we're trying
to punish Kermit and say go home and she
just keeps following him in there here
let's do it again
can we come go home go home did you go
home is so small you just love going
home you want peachy you're blocking the
exit sitting on your porridge peachy oh
so cute could it be you guarding him
Kirby you're in trouble
he loves his cream upstairs the soft
great Petey go home
coming you in trouble buddy you
disobeyed mommy okay your good girl your
good milk oi yo will you bring your damn
toys in there there's no room looks like
a clown car how does she fit everything
in there
wait God is the other Mophie in there
okay Jenna do you want to talk about the
fucking episode we just watch because we
just watched the most epic game of all
no spoilers except if you're watching
this on Wednesday you're gonna fucking
deserve to be spoiled
so League honestly go and like this new
squad we got going on I love the new
squad damn gold squirrels when they ran
across the pit squad goes all right
that's almost a it was just epic now
we're gonna watch Silicon Valley alright
wait what it's just Kermit Nixon I
thought this was peach come on what are
you doing buddy this is the weirdest
angle of Kermit peach did you go in time
out when it wasn't time out hello there
so right now I'm having a pretty
awesomely productive day I got a little
bit of writing done for some videos I
have plant and then also right now I'm
about to shoot a questions video for my
second channel just Julianne which is
youtube.com slash Julianne Solomon so
I'm gonna shoot that video right now I
just got a bunch of awesome questions
from you guys on Twitter you guys that's
the most ridiculously awesome questions
so I am gonna shoot that right now and
hopefully get it up pretty soon so
today's super awesomely incredibly
productive which is why I haven't been
vlogging a lot I just picked up the
camera how to work out this morning
caffeinated as you can probably tell so
I'm gonna get to shooting this and then
I'll check back with you guys it's like
crazy huh today I am tonight and the
dogs are being really funny oh you wrote
ink
oh you routine what a good boy it's so
funny see him laying like that he never
lays like that only peach does but
they're all like Co marbles are just
beached they're all just completely like
exhausted from the heat I think you got
to be like 98
it's one of those nights where it's not
really cooling off so they're just doing
what they can to survive it's really
funny like they just get completely
burned down the heat and in the cold
they're completely pathetic as you guys
saw all vlogmas long when peach would
never pee outside because it was cold
and or raining anyway we are about a
shoot the podcast it's gonna be really
funny one it's conspiracy theories part
two but we decided to pick more like
funny and kind of goofy conspiracy
theories for this one just because there
are so many of them so we're about to go
shoot that and it should be a lot of fun
but I wanted to show you I cleaned up
the podcast room so I cleaned this room
up today we have a really nice
productive cleaning day I did some
filming Jenna did some cleaning I did
some cleaning
there's your art your wonderful artwork
well my battery's dying and there's a
ring light but like everything's clean I
need a vacuum but I'll clean this entire
shelf off so now we have our camera
equipment up here with our lenses and
stuff and more equipment down there and
then stuff in that cabinet but it's it's
a lot easier to function and operate in
here when it's clean so I'm pumped we're
about to shoot the podcast right here in
our new setup all right I'm gonna get
off before my buggy does all right I'll
see you guys in a few he chews it too
hard today also like I said at film
today I did a questions video my third
questions video of all time did on my
second channel so you guys can go check
that out over there I'll link it below
for you guys to go and see me answer all
your questions you guys asked some funny
fucking questions man those questions
videos never like disappoint because
they're always so hilarious just like
reading what you guys have to say
someone literally just wrote my stomach
hurts as a question and I put it in the
video because it was amazing this is the
moment in the network Peachy stretches
out and pisses everyone off what a weird
little pack I love you guys I really
wanted to film a JJ's kitchen for you
guys tonight cuz we did like a whole
meal but I didn't because we had already
done a Jane J's kitchen for the exact
meal we made tonight it was the answer a
lot of bake that we did like a while ago
it was so good but I do want to
incorporate more JJ's I know you guys
missed them I just
we're finally getting back into cooking
more so you will you'll see some more
changes kitchen from us thankfully Sarah
Matt he's too hot to be nervous too hot
to be nervous that's what you know
what's fucking from so it was 98
yesterday and hot all my crazy hot and
now it's raining so for
sure was happening to our environment
but I am on my way home from Starbucks
except I'm not coming from Starbucks
just a copy of although I did get coffee
because I need it
I went to Starbucks to try to speed up
our podcast upload because it was taking
so long at home like quite like airplane
Wi-Fi was slow so I went to Starbucks to
try to see if it would be faster but it
wasn't it was just as slow so I'm headed
back home with coffee now hopefully we
can get up in a couple of hours I don't
know we've been literally uploading
since last night and it started like
1,200 minutes and now instead of like
500 minutes I don't know what's going on
there's probably something with our
Wi-Fi because it always has problems
I need a looking like some super powered
Wi-Fi to get because we upload every
freaking day so we might as well have
like the best part but you can have
anyway I'm almost home I'm heading home
right now I'm actually enjoying this
kind of change in weather you guys know
I like rain it's kind of nice for me
plus it was super hot in change so it's
nice to not be super hot he just got the
funniest energy in the morning it's just
like so happy and wild so right now I'm
headed over to go get sushi with Collin
those are two really great things sushi
and hang it off Collin Collins my friend
who I did the whisper challenge with so
yeah I'm gonna go get lunch with him but
I wanted to close the vlog right now and
say I love you guys and thank you for
watching also thank you for the patience
that you guys have when we have problems
uploading the podcast because clearly
there's not really much we can do right
now our Wi-Fi was just shitting the bed
so I'm not really sure why but um yeah
thank you guys for being patient it's up
on soundcloud but by the time you watch
this little it should be up on YouTube
anyway tgd can hear Oh jump oh good job
they buy a blog they won
bye to you all right we'll see you guys
tomorrow love you
