hey what's up guys so today is June 5th
which is a Friday but more importantly
it's mr. Marvel's birthday birthday
birthday yeah well going to healthy spot
just with my ball by himself to pick
them all some treating like a calls or
something away yeah a little outfits and
toys and treats because it's just a
special day it's birthday mom peaches
birthday is the 15th and Kermit's is the
20th so this is number one of three are
you gonna let me in thanks
see Marvel you let me in cuz it's your
birthday we're going to give them like a
couple toys probably a couple treats in
an outfit and then we'll have a little
ceremony with some candles when we get
home
our names of bacon earlier I did I made
him some birthday bacon because he you
need a little birthday bacon 7 e7 he's a
big boy there's a whole wall map me and
Marvel yeah you guys are cute this is my
third birthday of Marvel's hanging out
too many more anyway I'm going to stop
long even though there's mad traffic for
no reason at 8:30 on a Friday will be a
healthy spot soon and we're gonna get
Marvel's all set up my paw like hurts my
heart on his birthday because he like
knows yeah he knows she really knows the
first birthday and he really has it up
was it really I think he knows the word
birthday and then when you pull out his
candles he's the only one that gets like
really excited yeah we'll show you we'll
do it later thank you what was your
birthday
being the big toy store
how he's taking a dump there you go get
a bag hold on
thank you yeah those are nice my ball
hey Llewellyn's handsome hey I don't
know why but those colors really match
it right easy easy okay can you open it
looks good Thanks
I like it I think those colors are great
I mean we should get getif or maybe
something else but really really
oh yeah it feels well you know yeah you
birthday money
oh that's a good color for you marble
that green fits here oh that's a good
one
I like all the way obviously your
birthday well you look so festive
remember you like this you want jail for
your birthday how could you like yell
for your birthday
well it's okay you're a free man don't
think he likes it do not like this
sweetie pod I'm getting treats oh he's
very cute I'll sure so we got some new
balls we got him a jacket and a teat so
we got him one of these it was like a
blue paw print on it for his birthday
and we also got him we got these chicken
cutlets and there's nibbles in the world
toy we got you fitted up model we
usually got marbles a little patty from
in and out to put his candles in we got
his gift so he's got his camels now here
you blow your candles scares my guy yeah
okay no he can't have it yet then go
blodger candles first I rebel now quick
sticking candles in a patty is like not
an easy task
all right you poor son happy birthday
yes your birthday candles I level
Kermit not for you here you take this
hell up yeah it's me barren Kermit
coming no boy
alright marble that's your birthday
celebration Herman you gotta wait 15
days I know it sucks but it's not your
time yet at least you didn't cry the
whole time
good job being the birthday boy happy
birthday like Michael is goodbye that
white like she likes
all right you guys ready for the OTN
here's the outfit of the night so I got
pants and I got this shirt that's the
upper than that also I'm wearing boots
are my alpha the Knights are good
seriously Oh on a real note if you guys
want to see like legit fashion stuff my
buddy Arnold just started a second
channel just for fashion and that dude
knows how to dress so I'll link it below
you gotta check that out I'm also
wearing these boots leaked anyway we
finished celebrating Marvel's birthday
and now we're gonna go out to a bar and
have a little night out it's gonna be
super casual and chill but I figured it
would be nice to get out because we've
been kind of just laying low oh by the
way someone gave me this at the shadow
tour those are two legs leg goals by the
way and then there's a marble dollar
come a dollar and a P star is this fuck
you dealing all of them thank you guys
for making me this it's pretty badass
and yours and users rule out so I'm
gonna stop blogging off so you get a bit
hey 24 hours late they're having really
fucking night which means we're just
being really childish and kind of low on
energy
because we just are low on energy but we
went to Taco Bell here's some cheese as
proof we're watching a cobbler it's
really happening
I mean I'm eight hey Jenna I promised
and I said if it got better than a 10
percent on Rotten Tomatoes we'll watch
it and what did it get 11% but anyway
yeah we're having a relaxing kind of
fucking night so we're gonna watch the
cobbler now and um everyone in this room
is now gonna be dumber I'm just gonna
you know what I'm gonna vlog the entire
movie so you guys just a periscope the
whole movie we should just twitch the
cobbler we're the first twitch stream
whose good opening music is promising Oh
first shot with shoes this movie fucking
sucks
he just turned into a dead guy like in a
montage oh look at that morning here
baby
so these two have been awfully noisy
this morning so they got put in timeout
that's what this is this timeout you
can't just bark all the time and I have
no clue how Jenna sleeps through it
she's able to sleep through the barking
like it's not even there
but um yeah they've been barking quite a
bit and then I opened the door for them
to go outside and they just went outside
in Parkton so little attention to them
right level bubble you want to go to the
barkings and wait you're already there I
know I know
Herman you okay yeah sometimes I just
need to get help
I think the barking might also be able
to cry out for attention though it is
you just want attention you're pulling
asleep
Kermit don't care about da vlog so while
I was on periscope this weekend I
drunkenly mentioned something that I was
working on which I wanted to mention
here about the same extent that I
mentioned it on periscope is that I'm
fitting at another channel because I
think you guys will really like it and I
do intend to continue on making new
interesting stuff for my second channel
as well so I'm not abandoning that but
yeah I think you guys really gonna like
it that's all I want to say it'll be out
pretty soon and there'll be a lot of
videos on it but anyway yeah I got up
decently early this morning for a
weekend at least and I cleaned the
kitchen which feels a lot nicer because
when the kitchens a mess I can't really
think right now I'm just spending a
little time with the boys today I want
to go get don't fall off I want to get
some sprints in I used to be really
great about doing sprints
like at least three or four times a week
where I would just run sprints outside
or hill sprints or whatever it was just
some high-intensity interval training
because I feel like that both like makes
me happier it makes me feel like in
better shape and I'm part of avascular
Lee like content with where I'm at but
also for me it works better for staying
lean like a lot of people do like long
steady-state cardio
bikes and treadmills and that's great
but it just never has really worked for
me as well as like high-intensity stuff
so I'm gonna try to do some Sprint's
today and in general try to do more
Sprint's that's kind of when I'm doing
it but I'm gonna close the blog right
now because I'm busy taking these guys
to timeout you guys got to learn not to
bark you so loud but anyway I love you
guys and I want to thank you for
watching the vlog Pete yeah here she
comes here she comes
whoa Jen is waking up I love you guys
I'll see you
