yeah you like my new artwork princess
Paige what's up guys so today I am
getting ready right now to go hit the
gym again with my brother this time my
brothers come on to go to Le Fitness
with me to get a little swollen eat a
session on if you know what I mean I've
been getting headaches the last holidays
and I don't know why I've been cutting
down on caffeine maybe that's why I
chemical withdrawals but I've been
making an effort to like not have so
much caffeine yeah
petty crime fun thanks I'm not fun I was
just watching Shia LaBeouf from edits
from his little speech this morning and
they were killing me those are hilarious
oh yeah so we'll probably go hit the gym
and then go to Chipotle because that's
kind of what I want to do and I think
that's what my brother would want to do
but he'll be here any second so I think
of you guys someone's looking awfully
swollen today you're like massive ER
every time I see you but we're still
gonna put him in his place and show them
who's stronger
what if I wear that shirt we both just
walk into the gym like complete assholes
matching swollen might be pretty funny
do you bring Bobby the gym yeah yeah
because it feels good that looks
we're just training together moms
benches right there
and I randomly look over and he just
like left me he's all the way over there
now what the heck I thought we were
working out together
she don't leave me so I thought we were
working out together yeah you just left
me you did a whole set on the other side
of the gym even he's right there that
was like 30 yards away at least maybe 35
sorry
you should be yeah next time you're like
upside down doing some roads and you're
gonna drop the bar on your head preciate
it
you are welcome until the monomyth pick
up vloggy and just start blogging and
there's no any why don't you want say
something
what log with me
Martin was just telling me how at the
show in Irvine people were showing him
up
you guys are so sweet to my family he
was like why are they waving at me I
think well they liked you even in the
vlog
they won't waving at you waving back
he's waving
we just got floored by some sprints
don't ever work out with this guy right
here well we gonna start our workout our
strength workout and we were like you
know what we could use a little bit of
Sprint action so we got on the bike I
did like five sprints fall out so we
just like stretch each other out like
real man watch out anyway we're gonna go
get your pulley like I promised earlier
because the Marlin is gonna blog for me
a little bit right now he doesn't want
to so it's okay I can do it okay just
don't put your finger over that because
that's the mic and then you'll love it
got it what are you doing peachy what
you're going tried your push-ups cut the
cameraman we hired one he just hangs
around the house and walks the dumb shit
we do all day hey mom
she's tired she like something three
hours hey so uh rob is coming over like
right now we're gonna go out to dinner
closer to us we were initially gonna go
down where he is but we decided we were
gonna do it over here in the valley over
the hill so he's on his way over right
now and we're gonna go have some dinner
my brother's still here so we'll all go
and just see what's up the birds outside
of our house lately have been so loud
non-stop all denied like keeping me up
what I think they're trying to make this
summer and they're just trying to get it
on and get some but David's
so loud anyway yeah we're all over here
soon and we'll kick it no I just want to
raise the people we're in a dream I'm
feeling when you put it yourself there's
like a stove right here but Rob is being
quarantined by this giant thing what is
that oh my god oh my god this is the
grill so they hand us our Romney and
it's up to us to cook it properly which
means we're probably all gonna get sick
and die
oh I got sick well you fucking it's
where all the meat now all of it
so Rob his broken chopsticks like
unusable
any self-respecting Japanese restaurant
never hears a quality boy
mr.
was just brought in that like an extra
two parents Hakeem I found another
accident I'm finally getting full but
something very important just happened
not only the problem Allen tutorial was
because no one ever knows who that is
but Rob showed us a picture of who our
tutorial really in Robert you putting
that right so hey how's that going it's
a process
tenderly thriving star
hardy paper check it's already paid
already
Oh me and Casey on the plant right Casey
we have a plan that's right Casey yeah
Peter you air humping that was so weird
peachie what do you well hello damn
thank you so guys well you're still just
hanging out with Rob and chillin havin a
good time hanging with two little babies
PG loves Rob but I'm gonna sign off
right now just because um we're still
just kind of chilling and also we have a
little bit of not a busy day tomorrow
but we have stuff to get done so I don't
wanna have to continue the long in the
morning I want to be able to end it in
the morning when I get up and post it
for you guys so I'm gonna end the vlog
right now I hope you guys enjoyed
watching this vlog of me hanging out my
brother and Rob and peach being weird as
shit peach you're weird like some of
your behavior today questionable
questionable behavior but I love you
guys I'm gonna link my brother's
Instagram and social below as well as
Rob's channel so you can check his stuff
out because he makes incredible content
I love you guys thank you for watching
and I'll see you on Tuesday for the next
vlog have a great weekend and remember
if your dog is humping the air it's okay
because mine is too
back when I like sad I mean that
snapback when I say now help that
something to get back home when that
mission came to make that money or I put
it in today my follows a Medicaid sucker
out sipping brown liquid down mixing
loud
