oh yeah good lighting Julian thanks
Julian it just shadows all over the
place hey what's up guys so today we
decided we are going to take the little
young baby child Oh a long time she is
gonna go with us to Petco we're gonna
get her some agility Stephanie thinker
and they have any dinner well we should
reward er someone if they had some
healthy ones
sister I'll be right out yeah want you
to run and jump and stuff yeah so we we
took the baby coils are the caracal
anywhere by yourself okay yeah I would
say it's like mediocre at best
and it was so funny when we were taking
her out of the house normally marbles
and karma would be like a frustrated
that we are leaving like I get mad at us
but they were just standing there will
be two paychecks no so yeah but are you
taking that one so yeah pitch how you
doing you excited out a long time baby
Goyal yeah she's like mine too when they
both got to be babies and get baby deal
to stuff by themselves yeah she like
because there's so many other dogs she
never gets to have like bait which isn't
the worst thing she's constantly got to
play me
she always got a friend yeah she's like
rather be around them than anyone else
especially buzzing from Buzzy's over
shots yeah this isn't a crosswalk are
you excited
you look so derpy I think he's excited
I'm gonna look at Genest and Chester
right now I'm such a good driver did you
like the pet store he is gonna be okay
baby girl she gets like this whenever
she's not with her brothers never buying
these is the creepiest thing I've ever
seen fucking bail all right so they
didn't have any really good agility
stuff so we just got treats cuz we were
kind of had a treats and we need to keep
training her she may have a champ
teaching the kind of champ super nervous
though huh it's not becoming a great
girl
I was like a giant dildo it's like when
your kid and you get a long time with
like dad or mom and they take you to a
toy store all right
decent
Oh Jenna Jenna thought she's picking at
me a baby not a toy
not your play toy I am man Jenna
snapchatting this thing right now or she
follows marbles around cuz miles is like
trying to lead her in did a little
forest like a fairy because he's just
like he walks like this neither come on
so Jenna just been following him around
on snapchat yeah I'll come walking with
you with those blogging guys I found a
fairy goes mobile are we going to the
forest should we follow me should we
follow you okay come on oh he's a
self-conscious fairy now take us to your
trenchers biggest eh women take it see
you judging sure changes it does I felt
a very visually act yes yes lead me to a
treasure space where the treasure its
treasures miles is a little fairy Jenna
snapshots are good you should add her on
snapchat it's Jenna her marbles she
doesn't plug it anywhere so everyone's
always asking Jenna why don't you tell
everyone what your snapchat is Sparta
kick me so we're playing a little moral
combat right now and I wanted to tell
you guys how we play video games
especially when it comes to games like
this so Jenna's like really
strategy story game oriented and I'm
super like action shoot-'em-up type
games guess that fits with our
personalities for Mortal Kombat the new
Mortal Kombat X there's a mode where if
you go to the crip and it's basically
this area where you can explore and you
spend coins that you've earned from
fighting and you can unlock new moves
new brutalities new finishes stuff like
that so what I'll do is I'll spend like
two hours just playing story mode and
earning coins on coins because I'm you
know progressing in story mode and then
I like now I have like thirty four
thousand coins and she's running around
in the crypt and she's like so happy
it's like it's like so funny
it's like heaven well done see like this
is what it looks like when Jenna's
exploring around the crib she's
constantly chooses what she wants to buy
I don't know if any of you guys have
like significant others or best friends
that you have like different
personalities do you like team up on
stuff like this let me know in the
comments because it's like really
interesting it's funny how we were able
to work as a team and video games like
this what do you think about that what
do you do though you just sit here I get
coins and she spends them on the stuff
what you do oh okay that's a pool of
blood right there yeah oh you only got
250 since that's bullshit you guys just
hear how scared she got I mean that's
pretty terrifying your thing just jumps
out of you all right we're gonna
continue with our little a little scheme
I actually went to the gym today I am so
proud I haven't been like out to the gym
a long time because I've been doing a
lot of home workouts and after my
competition back in March for Olympic
weightlifting I took a little break from
Olympic weightlifting because I was
honestly burnt out a little bit I mean I
haven't really talked about this you
guys have sporadically asked why there
haven't been them any weightlifting
videos on their blogs and that's the
answer like I was training a lot
training hard so after the competition I
wanted to take a couple months off so
that's why I haven't been doing that
today I was like LA Fitness and just to
you know like the normal workout type
thing as of right now I am looking for a
new place to start lifting at there was
nothing wrong with the place I was at in
fact that might even go back there it's
just a bit far so hopefully I can find a
place closer to us possibly even a
CrossFit gym I don't know maybe I'll try
that out anyway cuz I just wanted to
address that I feel like you guys were
wondering and that's that's what
happened and I think you know and you
guys might be able to relate if you have
a passion or something that you spend a
lot of time doing a hobby and you do it
so much when you're really into it and
then you realize that you need to take a
step back and chill - you know Reef all
in love with it and I'm definitely
missing lifting so I know that it worked
I also want to tell you guys one really
cool thing about the live show I did
this weekend in Tempe I've mentioned
this before a couple times on the vlog
but my dad was a stand-up comedian for
like 20-something years by in Boston in
New York in LA he was a full-blown
stand-up comedian he knew I was doing
this live show and I played the Irvine
improv with the shadow tour and he had
actually played the same Irvine improv
it was different at the time but it was
the same venue like 20-something years
ago he told me it was really cool anyway
he was like you know when is your Tempe
show and then I told him I was like it's
the 31st and then I never really heard
that from him and as I was on stage for
the last number of the show the final
bit that we did I'm like looking around
you know singing whatever and I see him
in the back like out of the corner my
eye and I was like that can't be real
like he did not just show up but he did
he totally just surprised me in my last
and I was one of the coolest feelings
ever especially because of like the
background and the connection we have
with being on stage like he was a
comedian now I'm doing YouTube randomly
on a live show and he was there to watch
me it was just really cool so I just
want to share that with you as of right
now we are getting ready to shoot Gina's
video we are going to do another gaming
video with her I'm gonna go finish
setting up right now but I just wanted
to say hi tell you a few stories about
my life and also say fuck you Dale just
one of those days where eight hours
between me picking up this camera so
sorry about that we were shooting
Jenna's gaming video for probably like
five and a half hours which was fun for
the most part it was just kind of a
matter of like getting it in order
getting the Game Capture working when
you're shooting with the camera it's
like you have to worry about how they're
going to sync but we got it done she's
editing it right now it's pretty funny I
mean watching her play video games is
pretty hilarious and I think what she's
going to do is she's going to tell
people in the video that that we got a
twitch channel which I wanted to talk to
you guys about because I told you
earlier my twitch channel and you guys I
have a thousand followers on there now
and you guys are awesome for doing that
really quickly though I changed the name
of it so it's the same channel if you
already clicked follow it's the same one
you're off to follow a different one
it's the same channel but the new name
is Jenna Julianne because we wanted it
to be a joint channel so we could both
scream on it I'm going to probably sit
down and try to edit this a lot cuz it's
2:00 a.m. and I haven't even started
editing yet
tomorrow which is the day you're going
to be watching this Jenna and I are
going to go get dinner with Rob Dyke I
believe he is in town from Massachusetts
today and we're going to go grab some
hibachi because that's what we do when
Rob Dyke is in town I had a pretty solid
day and I hope you guys had a great day
also know we got a lot done and it's
nice to be home
I'm actually going to sign off right now
I did want to say a special thank you to
everyone who brought gifts to the main
green after our show every single time
you guys hand us something that you
either made or got for us it's like it
just it's crazy and it's awesome and so
nice so I want to say thank you you guys
because I got a whole suitcase full of
stuff you guys got me I love you guys so
much thank you for watching the vlog and
I'll see you tomorrow for the last vlog
of the week as you guys asked in the
comments who is Dale
I have a message for you pokey
