sup guys so I'm at the airport right now
and I'm at LAX originally we were at
Burbank but our flight got canceled we
had applied to Tempe it was supposed to
leave like right now and it got canceled
and so we all had to go to Burbank and
then come to LAX and now we're on our
second flight we will be getting in a
little later which isn't ideal but it's
still going to work and we're gonna make
it to sound check we're just gonna have
less downtime so it's been kind of a
scramble this morning but we all are on
a new flight and should be ok but that's
happening to me and I'm waiting for the
rest of the guys to get through security
and girl Cabrillo here alright so we
just landed in Phoenix
and we're walking to our ride right now
it's like 105 so we don't have I guess
that we don't time to go to
the radio station here
first we have no time for this check I
don't like because it's like we landed
now it's game time
fuck you Delta OTP that's my OTP part in
our iron art we are back on stage this
is the Tempe improv we are at so those
cuties are they're so cute it's a cool
venue it's like super wide open a lot of
space on the sides and there's nothing
upstairs yeah this is where the night
should be super fun shout out to around
- yeah so we're getting settled be at
soundcheck and I don't keep saying
sounds act like I'm some recording
artist I said then we have a rehearsal
and then we're doing an interview with
Kim Ikaruga from live 101 five and then
we're gonna chill probably for a couple
hours before showtime I'm excited let's
do this
by Phoenix and I'm here with the shadows
so much better than these guys
the pro addict right but not like
first-timer so
so you guys are right now this is uh
this is it but yeah yeah what we
adjusted two dates one was in Irvine one
was here we're just calling it the tour
I guess we might go elsewhere we're not
sure yet yeah so we just finished that
annum you were going around sound check
and get closer to doing this thing so
you're gonna head into the green room
it's like 40 minutes ocean like 30
minutes till show time right now and
we're just going to do it so this allows
you're gonna see me in for show and then
getting on stage and get together Julian
get it together deal
great show man
we fucking did it again okay we're gonna
go meet all the friends now
I love you we're gonna go meet some
friends down thank you guys for coming
oh gee
together she is in real life
the others dead last
my daughter makes me appreciate my dog
stood up baby
there Sarah okay you guys are so sweet
for weeks
they're natives like what they are
you and this is a log so it's down to
push every window how I want to see
something okay this is my family till
the end of everything I love them so
much
Brett you're my brother and I love you
forever Jenna you're my everything and
these guys were here and so supportive
throughout this whole thing it was
everything
so fucking fun there's no explaining how
supportive and loving they are in the
vlog I just want you guys to know that I
love you and I love the fact that we can
all share this happy family experience
through the internet and everyone who
came out everyone who tweeted me about
the show everything I'm like surrounded
by fucking family
like so proud of you and thinking eyes
you guys when I blog II can I love you
thank you so much for watching
Shep in a hotel we'll see you we'll see
you guys well it's the morning now and
sort of slept hard to sleep after a
night like that but we Breton are gonna
go downstairs and grab some coffee or
something that's help but notice hey
thanks again for coming out Peru's
amazing great experience and now we're
in Tempe Arizona so we'll just explore a
little bit because I'm driving back so
we have time we can do it work through
you outside it's amazing huh I'm like
hot just looking out the window it's
crazy it's freaking beautiful out here
this is our courtyard oh it's out like
Arizona is
beautiful state and there's a cat in
front of it yeah
tourist all right now cactus
yeah there's no restaurant or anything
here so we'll probably just like walk
down the street fine copy cuz you need
caffeine all right
downtown Tempe baby and we found the
mecca
give us your iced beverages hi we got
coffee and now we're gonna close da blog
that's dump Brad Julian got coffee but I
got a s'mores Frappuccino
Brett went in I was like can I get a
large black guys coffee yeah thanks and
bros they're all the sports for him I
was like fuck we're gonna close the vlog
now because we gotta like your shit
together and leave this awesome state
that I want to not leave you Tempe can
say thank you Tempe for having us and
thank you guys for everything would be
so much and I'll see you tomorrow for
another vlog of me not being on stage
just me living my life again back to
normal right Brett back to the normal
back to normal
