good evening guys what is up or good
morning to you how's it going I am
heading over to the store right now to
get supplies for the night which
includes mother double need some we are
having a couple friends over tonight
it's Friday night so should be fine
tomorrow night I'm gonna hang low
because I got to wake up early to leave
on a flight say I was on to the next day
we account a long day and we took a
little bit of a nap because we're pretty
exhausted I feel nice and rejuvenating
and catenate itself gonna pick out some
good craft beer for our guests and then
get back home you guys know one thing
about my vodka choice it's that it's
made in Austin Texas and his name is
Tito's seriously some of the best vodka
ever one of the suggested videos to me
on YouTube was the vlog called the
world's fastest dog and that was a lard
I made a couple months ago about Kermit
running up the stairs which was epic but
also enough water I was uncaf innate
'add which inspired me to pick up the
vlog camera before I got caffeinated see
how many Munoz long cameras named vlog
II forgot we're out of caffeine and so I
thought alright vote again more involved
in the quest for caffeine my face is
pepper my purple face
program I really do need caffeine am I
going crazy or is that alright fast
forward without an hour still no
caffeine the vicious cycle you don't
have caffeine in the house but you need
caffeine to have the energy to go get
out and get caffeine everything hurts
Jenna Jenna just came in so I went back
to sleep it's probably the better for
all what do you say something
that's literally where we get every
single time around the gas station it's
a problem do you think we would just
like order it online or something oh my
god clean my car was in the gas station
I won't sweetie
they're gonna get in our car and pick up
some form of caffeine we should just
find a better way you guys are watching
a transformation right now
zombie to real human Vicki not even
right now all right
yeah we got something cooking she's
still hugging the shower cause she'll
get mad yeah let's go for a ride and buy
no food let's go into the world and hunt
and gather now we have energy chick
comes close to me but you gotta do this
like grocery yes guys I found the best
license plate ever actually Jenna found
it but here it is I'm gonna hit
giggity-giggity one of the guys we
follow on vine his name is Jay Walker
he's so funny really funny anyway he
does this thing where he's driving and
he'll like show a license plate and then
he'll say how the license plates
pronounced he does it so good does it so
good so we're gonna try to do that love
EJ love EJ yeah this is what some
Twitter says this is a pronounce that
license plate 7 car a yo 46 7 cacao yo
I really think that we should just get
this from marble for when he barks at
our guests and it's like this little
jail dome you just see his face barking
through right now yeah so earth pets
dark so I just got the most Julian
yellow electric green yellow colored
shoes ever
rebound I'm excited about now we're in a
girl star so maybe we're done in the
finish growing this table kind of looks
like Matt's apps a table and I can comes
as videos on
so I had to take off my sandals I'm
walking barefoot right now because
ringerman because these new sandals that
I got like I haven't broke them in yet
so like I'm getting nap blisters for my
feet and I'm just walking around
barefoot like I'm at the beach but I'm
in the valley this is that I got some
dope she's already told you I'm really
excited where I'm Jenna got dope every
day look at her I mean really like
hopefully can you be right now so look
this is such a beautiful set you know
what this is what it's Saturday day
there was this like gentlemen's apparel
like soup store that I really wanted to
go to because we were walking by the
other day and they were closed and
because it was late and then we just
went to it today and there was a sign on
the door it's like 4 o'clock in the
afternoon I was alright and the sign
says we're on it yeah we'll be back in
three days we're on a business trip I
gotta take this call but let's just go
over the OTD for Jenna okay so we got
these new glasses by circle I look like
such an asshole
now you don't you look cute stop sign is
off short for the
the back I'm Zack where you can put all
your hipster stuffing yeah got the Hat
and then the Hat and then you got the
boyfriend filming you
guys I just realized these shoes really
match my personality bright green no but
seriously I really like them
these are CrossFit shoes they're called
nanos I've never owned any Reebok shoes
but I'm trying it because the color was
too loud to not get these plus I don't
know if you guys feel this way but
anytime you get a new pair of workout
shoes are you just like so motivated to
just like workout a lot because I needed
that and you know I haven't gotten shoes
since my met cons so I was like yeah it
could be time for for some new shoes and
motivation oh you guys seeing that
that's literally our food plan from a
week in January we have an a done a food
plan for a week since January or be
erase it so yeah great idea way to stick
with it guys we're gonna go take the
dogs on a walk right now it's beautiful
out today we just have such a fun time
saturday it snapchatting the whole thing
catch up we literally snapped out all
the time though you want to jump up yeah
oh that was a good one I never have to
pick up my dog anymore she just jumps up
to me it's very helpful you're so
helpful and considerate thank you you're
going a little walk peachie do you want
to go on a little walk it's my family
what a good-looking family huh see it a
bought we are chilling out watching this
UFC fight night right now and Jenna just
got a little tigey she's laying down on
the couch but you guys want to see
something really cute okay watch this
Wow where's the last one oh he just
turned like now just your weird body
that's facing this you guys are such
slow you guys are so cute you're like
one little dog family except you're mean
and you're mean these are my Peas
this your Peapod yeah this looks like
there's like a lot to prank there's like
three down there and one up here
together like one really good prank that
could happen but hey stuff just stay
still say so hey Jenna what's your name
yeah that's really cool shot I'm such a
cinematographer hey you guys I'm working
on something it looks like the happy you
guys are gonna get to see what it is for
a little while fuck you Dale oh my god
it's like in Godzilla when you see just
his eye oh my god Oh chill out you're
looking he's staring with one eye okay
he's not gonna come in our p-pods depe
he's just an eye we're turning up we
have to wake up early both of us she's
driving Arizona and I'm flying and I got
to get a bunch of shit together for my
show tomorrow ready tonight so I think
I'm gonna end the vlog all right now and
Jenna makes fun of me for ending the
blog right now even though she has a
blog I'm like forever so classic I
forgot where the except hole was thank
you guys so much for watching this
awesome fun time vlog that we had today
and I'll be blogging my trip to Arizona
so you'll see that probably tomorrow
thank you in advance to everyone who
comes out to the show and thank you guys
for all the support I really love you
guys
fuck you down
