what's up guys so are these Shane's
glasses can any of you recognize these
glasses from Shane Dawson because I
think someone left these glasses at our
house and I'm wearing them like a dick
because I couldn't find mine and someone
I think tweeted at me or something when
I posted a snap chat with them saying
they're Shane's these are glasses shade
if you're watching this are these are
gloves but they're really nice and
comfortable and big and I like that
anyway I am running around town today
doing a whole bunch of stuff I actually
shot a little piece of a vlog earlier
where I just was but you can't see that
yet I'm putting that together for a vlog
later on when I'm allowed to show you
but that's all I'm gonna say I'm not
gonna keep going on about how it's it's
just you'll see it soon anyway I'm
headed over to North Hollywood right now
take care of a couple things and head
back home and I think Jenna and I are
going to get our tan on
her tonight yesterday because she's
getting herself balled it up we got our
nails done and she got eyebrows fleet
and I yeah so they're going to get a
little tanning tonight and I'm hopefully
going to be able to get a workout in
didn't get my ass together enough to do
it but I want to say hi to you guys and
open the vlog and say happy Friday a
wonderful day that's wrong so Illuminati
confirmed her yeah we're not jehovah's
witnesses we were at starbucks the other
day and someone gave that to us
so illuminati not all Imaginary Friends
are met yet yes they are all Imaginary
Friends are imaginary otherwise they'd
not be imaginary friends they'd be
friends I'm so confused what is this
even
that's Illuminati - Illuminati is
everywhere today imaginary friends
courser imaginary it's billboard's
imaginary so I've said this before
analog and I'll say it again I'm
convinced it's a conspiracy that 90% of
the meters and the Greater Los Angeles
area like the parking meters have the
button that says lest I'm broken so you
have to pay for the whole time I'm
convinced because I can't tell you how
many times I've pressed last time and
I've just like given up and had to press
2 hours even if I'm only using it for 5
minutes like it's a conspiracy and I
fucking believe it
I'm in such a fucking weird mood I can't
caffeinate what is wrong with me I don't
know someone
so funny oh my god so I'm like vlogging
this and there's a face detection
feature on biragi and it's detecting
every single face cuz you know my album
covers like a bunch of there's like
boxes going on oh that's so funny
that was gross speech I was like really
gross that you just did that well I
started vlogging so I wanted to tell you
guys that we are in the process of
creating a twitch channel the channel is
going to be twitch.tv slash julian solo
and it's going to be both of our channel
we're going to share it and stream and
do video games on twitch for you guys
but I want to let you know we haven't
started twitching and streaming and
posting stuff on there yet but the
channel is getting set up right now and
I believe you can still like follow it
or subscribe or whatever it's called
I'll link it below but it's twitch.tv
slash
julian solo when we have time and
downtime instead of just playing video
games we're gonna play them and
broadcast it for you guys a lot of
people have asked that when I made a
gaming video and when Jenna made one and
we got new games and stuff so we are
doing that we're doing a twitch channel
which is exciting we were hanging out
with Harley from Epic Meal Time at fan
tests in Toronto and he was telling us
all about how he twitches now and I've
seen him like he's posting he's like you
know hit me up on Twitter right now I'm
streaming and it always looks so fun so
he basically like helped us get started
so Thank You Harley Harley's the man
he's one of the nicest guys I've ever
met by the way probably not watching but
thanks Harley anyway you got a twitch
channel for you guys twitch right now
see would be a great time for me to
twitch because I'm waiting for my dinner
to get here I'm waiting for sushi and
like now's the perfect opportunity to
twitch so I can't wait till I put that
sushi non out though oh my god I love
sushi fuck I love sushi
Jenna better watch out so she's like my
new BAE except it's not new so she's my
old bay and my new bay so she's my
forever BAE but so is Jenna let me grow
old with her okay one of my favorite
things in like the entire world is when
Marbles will decide that going upstairs
and following the eggies isn't really
worth his energy so he'll hang out
downstairs with me yeah you love hanging
out with Diddy don't you just don't like
to show it real time with marble I love
this little guy man honestly it's so
funny every time someone meets marble
for the first time they tell us like oh
my god he's way smaller than I thought
like is this really how big he is he's
so little
like it just blows my mind
a little he is good kissing but it just
makes him that much more endearing
because he's like constantly just alpha
but then when he sits down he's on the
couch he's just like a little teeny
animal how do you survive bubble how did
you survive I just want to know because
if I was that little I would not make it
argument people
God in everything
no crying to my tan yet I can't tell my
tan
which backlight yeah it's insane we were
just talking about how peach just
completely dwarf she Dwarfs Kermit now
like it's gotten to be just like
nine-day she's a bigger dogs increment
officially but I just had a nice little
cuddling session with her which I want
to remind you guys add me on snapchat
because in addition to these vlogs
snapchat is kind of like me like sort of
vlogging my day via quick clips on my
phone and it's like sometimes you'll get
stuff on my snapchat that isn't in the
blog and vice-versa so thank you for
watching the block I was having a nice
little cuddle session with peach because
she was being really sweet we're heading
up to the nest as we like to call it
we're going to bed soon and we are gonna
be getting up pretty early because we
have to be somewhere in the morning so
I'm gonna close the vlog key do you want
to close the vlog with me she's huge
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog kind of
another busy day you know unfortunately
some of the vlogs this week have been
less than riveting because just my
schedule has been a little nuts and
tomorrow I'm doing a shadow to a
rehearsal with the boys just to get back
in the field of things before Sunday's
show and then Saturday we'll probably
get a podcast and then Sunday we are
heading to Arizona I'm gonna be flying
to Arizona on a small little plane and
Jenna and Brett are coming in the car so
they're gonna drive and meet me and then
we're gonna do the show on Sunday night
so I'm really excited to do another show
I was just watching videos I was
watching Hart vlog of the shadow to her
show number one and it was just the
energy in the building and backstage and
everything was so fun I can't wait to do
it again like I said thanks for watching
guys I love you and since this is the
last vlog of the week like I said my
snapchat is Julian so if you want to
check that out I'll be snapchatting all
over the weekend and I'll see you guys
on Tuesday for another vlog you know see
you guys in Tempe who are going to come
to the show I cannot wait to meet you
guys I cannot wait to perform again it's
gonna be great
alright have a great weekend
