so it's like 6 o'clock and I'm just not
picking up my vlog camera and I guess
you can see why so we're shooting a
video
then I'm mocked today and the video is
really funny I think it's good what's up
guys how you doing sorry I'm in drag I
can show you some of like the behind the
scenes of when we're shooting it's gonna
be pretty funny I think and Jen isn't
her dude character so that'll be fun but
yeah I feel weird vlogging right now so
I'm gonna stop oh yeah baby
so it's like midnight right now and I
have barely vlog today so I'm picking up
walkie right now after hours and hours
and hours of shooting and creating this
video with Jenna today which honestly
I'm really proud of and I still have eye
makeup on just realize that but I mean
we really we really really worked hard
on it and it's a new look like it's a
new type of video for her channel and
it's got cool looking lenses cool shots
we worked really hard on planning it out
and I hope you guys go check it out cuz
it was a was fun it was like creating
something today something really cool
exactly are you doing thank you baby
hello hurts so much anyway I'm gonna try
to like kick this eye makeup off and
spend a little time cleaning myself up
cuz like I said we've been at it for a
while but Jenna's finishing it it's
right now and we're gonna upload soon
I'm sorry I haven't blogged at all today
just literally I mean I wasn't feeling
that great
today was a feeling a little under the
weather and on top of that we were
shooting all day so I didn't really pick
a blog Lee so I'm sorry for that good
I'm here now with my makeup and
everything in my little goofy dog wage
come your way you make me feel better
you guys are pissed you were feeling
under the weather do you like cuddle em
cuz today I was like feeling pretty
shitty and peach helped me you you
helped me goon oh my god I look
terrifying well I'll check five you guys
in a few minutes but what I will likely
do is vlog a little bit in the morning
and then upload this so it won't be up
early um just because I didn't really
have much to blog today so I'll check
back with you guys in the morning which
is in two seconds for you so I know I
said I was gonna check back in the
morning and it's still my time but I
wanted to say this we've been giving the
dogs little baby bones at night because
it keeps them like really busy and
occupied and not whiny and weird at
night but somehow they act even weirder
like normally they're okay they just
chew him but sometimes they like abandon
their own bone to go find each other's
bones then they fight about it and
and all the bones are like in one place
and they're like creeping around the
room like looking sometimes for water or
sometimes just to like I have no idea I
have no clue like Kermit was almost in
my closet and I have no understanding
why they're just so weird sometimes but
it looks like Kermit and marbles tapped
out so I mean that's cool you like my
little hairdryer thing towel genna's we
are winding down getting ready for bed
right now getting some rest
we are gonna go to the nail salon in the
morning and it's not Jenna's ratchet
nail salon it's a real one Jenna's gonna
get our nails done I think I might get a
little mini pity to cleaning my nails up
because I haven't really gotten one of
those in a really long time
and I want to groom myself plus if she's
going I might as well go with her a
couple of the things to get done
tomorrow but like I said I'll pick you
guys up in the morning thanks for
bearing with me today long day really
exciting that we put that video together
but yeah I'll see you guys in a few
seconds all right good morning guys so
we've last couple days made it a habit
in the morning of working Pete's through
some like miniature obstacle stuff a
show dog because she's really good and
today we've gotten the most events and
things I want to show you check it out
also tires are out really nicely so we
will get more treats update on my face I
still can't get my makeup all the way
off it looks like I saw a little bit on
I tried the coconut oil thing and q-tips
and wipes and it just doesn't come off I
guess it'll be like a multi-day process
but for now I'm going to keep working
with peach and then we're gonna go get
our nails did ya let me try Danny gets
her nails like their color she always
asked me to pick and
no colors I like that one yeah yeah sure
yeah that's what everyone this is so
Jenna pick you pick five black girls we
gotta come over the middle spaceship
exterior this is black the exterior this
spacious when you leave your spaceship
that's what the color you see telling it
my that was quite now anyway we just got
our nails done and Jenna decide that you
want to get her eyebrows done to so she
just went to do that while I walk
somewhere else I don't know if this new
restaurant I'm trying I've literally
never been there so hopefully it's good
anyway
Jenna's finishing up at this salon and
we're gonna head home soon but I wanted
to end the vlog because
almost won and I haven't posted it yet
so thank you guys for watching the blog
and thanks for bearing with me with kind
of a crazy day yesterday and we have one
more vlog of the week and I'll see you
guys tomorrow for that block I love you
guys thank you so much for watching
all right later
