we don't have windows open I didn't open
the door
but we just drove by a hotdog stand that
I'm pretty sure was closing up for the
day and Kermit was sitting on my lap and
as we drove by he sniffed towards the
window damn dude
that's some fucking sense of smell right
there you got well done sir
you're a good boy and you've used your
powers well it's just me and karma today
no one else Kermit's got to go to the
vet to have some tests done as most of
you guys know he has Cushing's disease
and that requires regular testing of
different levels of his hormones and the
dosage of his medication and how it's
working so poor little guy the gray boy
has to go into the vet for a couple
hours today I'm dropping him off and I'm
gonna be picking them up like two hours
after it's not ideal we don't like
having to do this but it's just kind of
it's the way of life now isn't it yeah
breathe it out breathe through the
stress
yep they arrived a little early to the
vet saw that you're not taking for a
little walk around this residential
block and give him some exploration time
it's so crazy to think about like just
having one of them and what it would be
like and what their life would be like
if there was just one thing Kermit
wouldn't mind as much as like peach
peach would hate being the only child
I'm dropping this one off for some blood
tests
we back in like two hours there's no
concept of time longer here he deals
with this stuff more than any of our
dogs and he deals with it better than
any of our dogs feel for the guy but
I'll see him in a couple of hours he'll
be fine it's all done so I'm picking him
up right now
I'm so proud you smell it don't you go
boy yeah go enjoy that yeah you have the
whole car to yourself so good you
deserve a treat let's go home so I've
lasted this little baby out which is my
old MacBook this is my first MacBook
ever I got in college and damn this
thing is like it's still running
what is this let's see the software it's
running ten point nine point two just
for reference what we're running now is
ten point thirteen point three that's
four versions old but I'm like going
through high do you can I help you
come here
nothing's going on up here I'm just
blogging are you jealous that I had a
long time with karma so I'm just looking
through all of the files on this
computer because I I know I put some I
can't talk if your faces on my mouth I
know I put some do you do that I know
you're there
well I want to show you something and
I'm already off topic but when I was in
the Minneapolis Airport coming home on
the day after the Super Bowl which is
like the most insane day of travel I saw
one of the bomb sniffing dogs who worked
at the airport with his officer they
were taking a break because the dog had
just swept the the like preliminary TSA
waiting area and they were waiting for
the next kind of round of people so that
he brought the dog to the side of the
wall and the dog was kind of sitting
there watching him and the officer did
this to the doc like it was giving the
pupper like sort of a pony tail but he
kept doing this and it was clearly
because the dog like loved it so I've
been doing that - peach lately and she
loves it - so now I just like do her
hair and it like feels really good on
her ears I just saw him doing that I was
like oh I bet picture like that so I do
it now and she likes it doing Wheaties
hair I'm gonna do tutorial
who is this College frat boy someone
come get your frat brother he's being
annoying come get him
you like it see it looks insane but look
I got a new toy and I'm excited to show
you it but first I gotta feed the dogs
you guys like how steady the shot is
Kermit what do you think so I am just
fresh off a nice chill 5-hour stream on
Twitch all right I'm gonna need a pic
okay
I think it should just go to bed we were
just kind of hanging out and I felt like
streaming and really glad I did because
it was a really fun stream and you guys
are awesome and you make me feel happy
and I feel like the twitch outlet is
like no other so tonight was a lot of
fun now that doges are eating so the
thing I'm holding right now it's making
the shot so steady those movements I
will show you I'm gonna do a lot of
stuff with this including probably a
full review but not yet cuz I'm beta
testing it oops tears it
god brother brother brother
