hi we are in the kitchen waiting for
dinner they put it in the oven it's
almost ready
should see this tripod right now it's
like a candle with another candle with
some socks rewinding further back before
dinner we had a really fantastic weekend
and upon returning home we had that
incident that I posted about yesterday
or two nights ago a grown-ass woman
drove up with her son asking if she knew
if this was the street jenna Marbles
lived on which was unfortunate but I
just really have to say that everyone
that your response the people in the
communities response like everyone who
reacted and sent tweets about that video
was very very positive and it's just
like I really appreciate it I want to
reiterate that 99.99% of all of you guys
are wonderful and will never ever do
anything like that it's just sometimes
the small percentage of people can at
times ruin it for the rest of us so I
just want to say thank you because your
response to that incident was really
nice while we wait for dinner we are
currently working on a podcast
that we are gonna record later tonight
an interesting podcast it's basically
people who are above the law this came
from our conversation on the blog when
Jenna said Lauren Toyota that's my
writing list each of us individually
writing lists of people we think are
just completely above the law and why
they are above what they can do thing we
should check out that shepherd's pie Oh
baby that looks good yeah that's gonna
be just a wonderful disaster kitchen box
though okay yeah that was I mean we
didn't really give you any of the
ingredients but it's basically just like
mushrooms onions and some other stuff
all right
so it apart mushrooms onions lentils
garlic carrot time
salt pepper vegetable broth and crushed
tomato so you make that you cook it
right you cook it good you cook it and
then in another pot you mash one potato
and then you stack them on top of each
other with a little cheese on top are
you thrown in the oven and then you just
smash your camera on the ground well
that's the worst part for you I don't
have to wait cuz I just don't care don't
have that like thing where I can just
eat burning things and not feel it it
hurts my mouth I'm a human being why do
you think you today because I have empty
backpack on sorry
that was one of the gifts we receive
gifts we received in the mail as one of
the mysterious packages we got yesterday
and we did find out the origin of those
packages and it was nothing bad it was
just something I didn't know what's
happening but it was not a strange
person said unless you want some of this
it's not funny though are you excited
yeah do like they do with the souffle
yeah right around and then they lets all
the steam out then they do weird shit
like stop it eat it oh it's not bone you
got to first get a look at it like they
do they're so weird just eat it
what you think is gonna win the finale
lays on the ground such a lazy way dude
I don't know if you can tell because all
the lighting in the house has
automatically shifted back to yellow
because our hue lights reset but we just
had a blackout and it wasn't just any
blackout we literally had a blackout I'm
not even joking thirty seconds after we
wrapped the podcast all right guys we'll
see you next week thanks for watching
I stand up walk over to the camera click
record to stop recording and then I'm
going down onto the PC cuz the PC setup
in there is a little bit jumbled I'm
like on the floor exporting the audio
off the PC and I click export it renders
finishes exporting and then the lights
go out it was the craziest thing like
basically what happened was the power
outage decided
to spare our podcast file by waiting
until the literal second that we had
finished before turning everything off
I'm almost positive it was our whole
block that just went out but for any of
my video or audio production people out
there having files corrupted based on
things happening that are not in your
control is pretty much your worst
nightmare and that almost happened to us
but I think I'm thinking we're okay I
just need a check we have it I'm so
happy I would have been so fucking
bummed if we lost because it's a really
fun episode if that was scary
that's fucking terrified my god my god
you punched me today what did you do
last night with your eyes oh we gotta do
our chicken we're gonna do our chicken
dinner
no is a squad with Prince Raul come on
hey hey boy hey boy are you doing boy no
I don't think they require food struggle
to keep him alive he never wants to eat
have to like non-stop encourage him just
to choke down food like if you want to
die then die he's taking the joke that
the internet made way too seriously he's
just trying to get there okay I changed
my mind I want to end the vlog like this
I like holding peach like an ice cream
cone this is how one end of our peach
ice cream soft-serve
