hey what's up guys so we're just hanging
out right now trying to decide on what
movie to watch and Jenna keeps voting
for the cobbler I'm not gonna watch the
cobbler
I will not we're thinking of watching
Julia Roberts's hit flick the
interstellar one just ki know the ten
hathaway but I want to watch you don't
Claude Van Damme pound of flesh and
Jenna wants to wash the clothes I'm
stuck here no but really we're thinking
of interstellar or Captain America -
Jenna won't watch Captain America -
refusing or Kingsman I'll watch that for
the club
the cobbler can't even say without
laughing a cobbler
fuck you Dale guys that's the cutest
fucking thing ever she fell asleep while
she was playing with it alright now
she's just like completely out like a
baby with their toy in her mouth she
looks like she's smiling you only sleep
with the toy
her body goes that's my little ad she's
always like out cuting herself like
that's the most adorable thing I've ever
seen is it not
she's like hugging boy my mom peach she
waking up each even good nap she's
readjusted she readjusted and she's
going back to sleep put the toy and
enough of the other side peach you just
love you little toy aren't you I'm gay
it has had it guys it's cute cuteness
it's cute but we need to get up now
comment thank you a that cute buddy
instead you're just weird I'm just
kidding karma doesn't fall asleep see
you would fall asleep with the toy in
your mouth but you don't sleep you're
too stressed
I don't seem sprite to you it's because
we're at caffeine I don't know what to
do because I'm debating going to the
store and get some or searching for more
here it's a beautiful day out another
great thing about today is I got a bunch
of things coming in the mail from Amazon
which is always really fun so thank you
Amazon I wanted to show you me being a
real human being right now because this
doesn't happen too much let's go get
some caffeine yeah
hey so before I like move on with my day
I wanted to tell you really quick
because I just remembered today and
tomorrow are two days and yesterday of
course that the celiac disease
foundation are raising awareness for
celiac disease because there's very very
little awareness out there and this is
what they're doing for 72 hours it's
just basically like social media phone
whatever you want to call it they're
just trying to get awareness
they're trying to get both people to
understand that it's a thing that celiac
disease exists in that you know you can
donate to help the cause to help the
awareness spread I'm going to put links
in my bio for you to check out both
donation pages and also just their
social media council you can find them
I have celiac disease for those who
don't know and it's pretty serious 2.5
million people are suffering and by 2018
over 600,000 Americans will have celiac
disease or at least will be diagnosed
with celiac disease so check them out
they're a really great organization they
do amazing work maybe just give them a
follow if you can't donate but um yeah
just wanted to let you guys know about
that thank you for listening to that and
now we shall go outside and see what our
dogs are up to because they're being
absolutely insane today why are you
doing you're so weird today you guys are
making so much noise peach that's my
slipper you're a bad girl my marble are
you doing what can it hear so Wickerman
peachy that's my slipper it's mine what
what what is this you saying you sorry
we so I just got to stop by Twitter la
headquarters with Robbie I was in the
area and he told me to stop by cuz he
works at look at my shirt yeah Twitter
so I got to see Twitter's LA office was
just really cool and
hang out see Robbie for a sec got me
shirt but I'm heading home right now and
I got some new package is waiting for me
at home I ordered from Amazon I got a
couple of presents for video making like
camera stuff so it should be exciting
and we got a podcast tonight so that is
what I'm going to be doing for the rest
of the day but hopefully there's not too
much traffic sound like charge I like
other things not traffic some better off
on the freeway that's my old high school
right there Santa Monica High School
it's always weird like coming back to
Santa Monica even though I don't live
too far away seeing like where I grew up
I mean it's like right here I grew up
like right around here which is really
kind of cool and interesting data my
life is a lot different than it was a
couple years ago a little more than a
couple years ago when I was in high
school but you know what I mean another
fun fact is I'm vlogging in my car about
30 40 yards away from the police station
I am NOT a smart man really excited to
get home it was one of those days where
I was expecting so many cool packages
from Amazon I got like a phone case a
couple of cool knickknacks and then some
camera stuff for shooting and I wasn't
home because I had to do a bunch of shit
today so I'm gonna get home and play
with them and like I said podcast and
then tomorrow is video day for Jenna and
then it's just crazy again cuz we leave
Sunday for Shadow 2 or show number 2 we
leave to Tempe so it's it's going to be
another crazy week but you know what
we're starting to move at that pace
where it's like everyone is like doing
shit all the time and as much as it can
be really stressful it's like alright
you know what I mean this is it's game
time mode you know it feels good to get
a lot of shit done like you guys ever
have like I don't like a ton of homework
or
to do for work and just like leans over
you but then you get it all done you're
like you know what that's all good I've
got on appeal right now plus I get to
see all you guys at the shadow tour in
Tempe which is fucking exciting because
I can't even tell you how much fun I had
at the first one it's gonna be another
amazing night this visual combined with
a siren is exactly what it is like
driving in Los Angeles so much red fuck
you Dale so I just got home and when I
got in the package today where I was
waiting for Amazon with lenses I ordered
two new lenses for the cameras that we
have and we're playing with them right
now
but I got here I'm using a 50 millimeter
lens that I described and she's using
the new Tokina 11 to 20 lens so she's
got a really wide lens but I've got a
prime lens one that doesn't zoom right
here and they're both looking really
really awesome like these are different
looks that we've never been able to
achieve with our cameras now it's like
so exciting that we're playing with it
now
how you doing over there wait quad make
it look super fucking cinematic that us
so we're going to use one of the new
lenses to shoot podcasts and I which is
exciting go figure out we're talking
about hey guys check out my new phone
case it's awesome right this is a little
thing that I found it's called something
popper you can like open it up and then
like hold your phone like that not cool
anyway I really like my new phone case
because it's like army and like honestly
after starting to use like wallet phone
cases I'm never going to go that because
I don't ever carry my wall anymore and I
love it so we are finally going to get
to podcasts right now we've been busy to
another shit but we're gonna do some
podcast but it should be fun because we
haven't really sat down at home and
podcast it by ourselves in a while it's
either been with a guest or we did one
on the road so it'll be nice I enjoy it
I'm going to try to upload that pretty
fast and then I'll get back to you guys
to close the blog but I just want to
check in with you and show off my new
stuff stuff fuck you Dale
yeah fuck you Dale fuck you yeah it's so
cute
hello page is that to tell you fell
asleep with me such a weird dog fuck you
Dale hmm we finished the podcast yeah it
was a good podcast we played a game it
was really fun sort of a game it's more
like a test but check it out but anyway
oh you guys thank you for watching the
vlog today and I'll be back tomorrow
with another vlog because that's the
beauty of tomorrow it's tomorrow and
there's another book I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow all right bye help
you Dale
