hey what's going on guys so today is a
nice relaxing Sunday and Rafi is in town
so he's gonna come over for a bit and
hang out and do internet stuff and chill
so he should be here soon until then I'm
just watching a college baseball game
that I don't care too much about so my
Sundays pretty good trying to get
caffeinated peaches trying to get me to
play with her toy
I'm obliging peachy you're very cute I
spy with my little eye and oh she is so
we just got to CVS because we're gonna
buy a bunch of selfie sticks to destroy
that's our Sunday where the selfie stick
a selfie stick I'll I mean good call
good call
I'll take a Red Bull all right we gotta
find the selfie sticks
Riaan such dicks it we're taking selfie
sticks to the driving range and we're
gonna make a vine with Robbie with the
selfie sticks as golf clubs versus Fiat
I find them which I'm not sure where
they are because they're always in like
an ambiguous kind of end of an aisle
spot Robbie's gonna try to ask for the
selfie sticks
you do sell fewer better check out the
chain selfie stick
so we couldn't find selfie sticks in CVS
so Robbie is right in their target we're
waiting in the car you like my hat
there you go driving range did he get
him yes yes he probably bottomed out you
have three take one bar okay I got three
pink one
okay the drummer is down baby I am such
an asshole look at me
Dora yeah got the balls so we're gonna
hit some balls normally and then when
we're done hitting balls regularly we're
gonna do a little selfie sticks done
probably get kicked out well hanging out
Robbie
so festive guys ready to make some
memories out here get a Robbie we're
gonna have a long job contest they're
like three balls left and we're really
close to getting kicked out so mixtape
go by as far
Oh
that was a driving contest subscribe
fine by our signature fedoras in stores
now I'm online you being a good boy I'm
so weird the light has changed and I are
gonna take another shot or what is it's
not a shot it's a round of the angry
ball it's too angry ball Brooke but you
take your shot a fireball and you drop
it like a jagerbomb
for an hour's car bomb into a glass of
cider so it's like apple and cinnamon
we're gonna do right now pretty good see
like fill it up about half way basically
just drop it in mm-hmm and then choke
key to this well it's here to your
analysis of this
so the key to this is you wanna watch
your foot let's fly back all right let's
do it okay Cheers
hold this idea
got
oh you finish it this time oh god that
was a bad one yeah mommy's dying well
that one was weird tasting last one was
really good because it's like really
sweet from the cider and then the
fireball comes in with like cinnamon and
you're like this is Marge a Bloggie you
miss this loggy loggy missed you I told
wagyu that you were gonna be around this
weekend so why an extended and then
woggie screen went blank
Wow so we're at the store right now
getting grocery trip for a Memorial Day
because we want stuff to have and eat
and be festive with so we're gonna get
like hotdogs and stuff but last night I
want hotdogs but I wanted to say last
night
Oh watch out it was like what 4:00 a.m.
and Jenna's just cooing at peach like
cooing at her she was saying claymation
a peach like in that voice for like 15
minutes and she thought I was asleep the
whole time but I wasn't and
talking to PG she's been so cute Nicci
she was claymation round and then Julian
just was dead asleep and then all of a
sudden people know she started dying
laughing feels like you're awake up but
yes I'm awake enough for you guys that's
gonna be a blog today have you guys
enjoyed it this week is busy again for
me because on Sunday we have our second
show but I'm also doing a lot of work
this week that I normally wouldn't be
doing just kind of like a one-time job
thing that I'm doing so I'll still be
blogging stuff but I'll be you know
running around doing a lot of stuff
Robi still in town so I'll be with him
some it's gonna be kind of all over the
place this week but it's a good thing
thank you guys so much for watching this
vlog and I hope you enjoyed it if you
guys have any ideas that you'd like to
see on my second channel or contact wise
if you want me to do like a challenge
it's Robbie or something let me know and
I'll try to get it done I love you guys
and I'll see you tomorrow go by Steve
green's book it's at Barnes & Noble if
you need to know what it's called just
look find his snapchat
