hmm I'm back in the Otterness don't
tickle me
oh hey guys so we just woke up a little
while ago and we're just hanging out
kind of relaxing cuz last night was so
nuts anyway I'm still kind of reeling
from last night and was just such an
amazing time and still trying to
comprehend everything but it was really
fun I'm just recovering now Jenna had a
good time you had a good time in the
party but like what time and I met
Trisha and I don't I told you guys they
got a party bus her Shane Brett Trisha
Steve green drew all those people Nikki
they all they all got a party bus to go
to and from the show and it looked like
a lot of fun so I'm glad that they did
that was fine yeah do you like the show
yeah I love the show I thought that your
what your I was really odd no so proud
of you for doing something different and
trying new gangs and you're very
sweetened or born
oh thanks huh you're funny I laugh more
laughs
Michael Bonnie Oh Marcus me that's not
me that's my that was fun
you died with his friends which was very
impressive thank you who knows I could
go find weight of like 200 pounds mm-hmm
no I was like internet hard I love high
hard spheres heart and Jenna hit it off
last night was so cute I was like Mia no
yeah I kept passing her champagne that's
awesome
well so just now I brought marble over
here like I picked him up from the other
side of the couch and brought him into
our lap and not one second later he
starts growling at me what the hell how
do you think you got over here growled
the nerve the nerve o clock walk with me
Jenna's got to do her freakin show and I
want to caffeinate and workout but I'm
on the couch
oh don't worry about Oh
honor he wants you to pet him no he just
growled him he wanted madam one to
abandon well he can find someone else to
paddle
no fine oh you guys like many watch man
it came to say BAM look what it looks
like with the with the white numbers it
looks pretty sick right yeah alright
maybe when I get off the couch I'll
continue vlogging anything interesting I
know why are you poking my neck okay
alright a little boy right yeah well
show the I'm petting marbles even after
he staff to me for no reason
well I know God this is what peach did
last night while everyone was at the
show okay so right here we have the
pillowcase and it's a giant couch pillow
so it's reduced to nothing and then
right here we have the inner casing that
goes inside the pillowcase completely
ripped out of its case and then all
around the living room we have little
bits of fluff that were torn out of this
casing right here so it's like three
levels of bad behavior so that's fun
I'll probably clean it up right now
because I really just want to sit down
and play Mortal Kombat and I don't want
to do it in the middle of a giant mess
cuz it just makes me uneasy
peachie what is this what is this what
you do peach peach what you do
peachy girl what'd you do you know
you're not supposed to open the pillow I
wish I was kidding about this but I was
on the couch just now as you saw and she
was trying to cuddle with us but I kept
pushing her away because she was in
timeout for doing this
it's a peachy go away you don't get to
cuddle with us and I'm not even kidding
like she walks over to this mess and
such tearing more fluff out wow she's in
timeout where do you get off oh no no
you look super cute with the hiccups and
then you're suddenly like out of trouble
it's bullshit man so today is just kind
of a really nice like relaxing
recuperation day for me yeah it's just
been really really nuts leading up to
the show last night with all the
rehearsals and practice
and everything that kind of led up to
the show which one amazing is just nice
to have a day to kind of get myself back
together so that's what today is we're
just sitting around playing video games
and doing some stuff on the computer and
stuff we got mac and cheese on the way
because we ordered some because that's
necessary for a day like today duh I did
want to say that a lot of you don't know
my dad used to do stand-up comedy and he
played the Irvine improv like
20-something years ago like a long time
ago when he was still doing stand-up in
a you know I was calling him on like the
way to the venue yesterday just to you
know tell him like hey like I'm doing it
you know what's happening he was out of
town so he can come but he was just like
you know wait till you get on stage you
know have fun but wait till you get on
stage and just remember that feeling
it's gonna be the most like alive you've
ever felt and it was a great description
of how it was cuz I really did walk out
there and Phil you know I felt it I was
in a different universe it was very very
insane but I just wanted to let you know
that because it's crazy how he played
that venue so many years ago doing
something so completely different than
I'm doing
and then I'm playing it now doing a
shadow to her so I just want to share
that with you guys
also I'm looking at the comments of
today's vlog and you guys being really
nice and sweet so thank you for that
promise I won't cry on another vlog for
a long time I also quickly wanted to
show you guys some of the cool things
that you brought me last night
Jaclyn made me this which is so cool and
it's really good and it's going up in
the podcast well she has a channel
called moments with mom I thought that
was really cute I never mom last night
too and they're both really sweet so
thank you for this I laughed really hard
at this when I saw it but someone made
this The Fault in Our Dale's fuck you
Dale fuck you too someone gave me a shot
glass set that has a bunch of sayings on
it has Julianne on the middle one this
is fuck you Dale and it says get legs
it says swallow Jenna and vlog II I just
love when people take like normal things
in like put real thought and effort into
them and then give them to me it's like
the best gift ever because it's like you
know I say those things then you wrote
it on a thing and now I have it and now
we're forever connected by it so it's
really cool so thank you guys all of you
guys whoever bring stuff for me or send
stuff means I don't know I don't even
understand it but I appreciated it so
nice and all the stuff you give us is so
heartfelt don't think we don't notice so
Jenna thinks this hoodie is too small
for me I don't know I mean I kind of
like how it fit it's like I put
something in the pocket it's just like
BAM right here it doesn't like drag
around the sleeves are tight yeah it's
too small for me but I enjoy like a
small hoodie I don't know it's kind of a
comfortable thing I think baggy
giant hoodies just like again the way of
everything anyway I just remembered that
tomorrow is UFC 187 and I haven't been
this excited for a big fight in a long
time it's Anthony Johnson vs. Daniel
Cormier and Vitor Belfort vs. Chris
Weidman so there's two championships on
the line I was thinking about making a
video on just Julian about like just my
predictions and talking about it but I
don't know I think that might be a
little bit out of context since I
haven't done that before but I guess
like if you guys have any ideas of how I
could make that video work on that
second channel and not just like BAM out
of nowhere here's five predictions like
maybe some way to incorporate something
else so it's not just ran I'll do that
you know because I have a day I'm going
to upload this today on Friday and then
I have Saturday to do that so I guess
let me know if you're interested in
something like that yeah so my buddy
Marc is coming over and he's someone I
used to watch all the fights with
because I bartend while he works
security and that's how we met and we're
really good friends now but I'm really
excited about that like I can't even
wait it's Friday and I can't even wait
already for those of you who don't know
what UFC is it it's just one of the like
my biggest passions in the entire world
it's Ultimate Fighting Championship
mixed martial arts I can link the
information below if you guys would like
it's purely because I'm just like a
massive fan of the UFC anyway
that's really exciting our house is kind
of a mess like look at Patrick right now
Patrick is cluttered f cluttered F I
don't know what to do about it I can
clean it up Oh Robby Ayala is in town
and I'm going to hang out with him next
weekend possibly this weekend too
we're doing some stuff together for work
and also Ethan to come over hang out so
get ready to see some Robbie in the vlog
because he will be in the blog alright
guys so I'm going to the blog
we got some stuff to take care of for
the day before tonight comes and what
weekend comes so we got to get moving
but I would say thanks again to everyone
supporting the shadow tour everyone who
came out everyone tweeting at me all
that stuff thank you again for that this
week has been pretty incredible I can't
wait for our next show I'll see you guys
on Tuesday for the next vlog and I'll
see you guys snapchat over the weekend
as usual I love you guys and have a
great weekend all right
