I am hopping on the freeway right now
heading down to Irvine for the shadow
tour show number one super nervous got a
lot of butterflies this morning but I'm
feeling good oh hey guys sorry I'm
opening the bar right now are you doing
I'm just all over the place a little bit
but not really excited it's gonna be
great
so excited that people are coming out to
support us I've been getting tweets all
morning telling us that we're gonna kill
it and you guys you guys mean everything
thank you so much for supporting and
everything yeah I'm gonna get on the
freeway now be there in about an hour
and then all kind of hang out and
rehearse and get settled in for a couple
hours before the show so see you guys in
everybody so I've arrived at the
spectrum where the Improv Theater is and
I'm going to find Arnold they just
parked josh is still like a couple
minutes away we're gonna go meet up in
front of the Improv because I think
we're gonna get in I'd like one and then
start with like sound checks and
rehearsals and whatever kind of find the
most fleek toute man in the entire mall
right now so
there it is baby me too oh look that's
us oh my god two thirds of the shadows
are here hello
we're waiting while we look at pictures
of ourselves on the big screen by Gasol
just like we are the best seats people
staring at oh just looking at ourselves
jaian here but josh is gonna get here
soon and then we're gonna probably get
in there and do sound check and get
radiation dress rehearsal and all that
yeah
rehearsal yes we're so psyched right now
it's like a mix of butterflies and just
like let's do it yeah good butterfly
butterflies yeah I mean we worked hard
like we ran this thing a ton in the last
two weeks and we're ready it's fallen
we're gonna keep staring at herself now
so we just got to the improv and this
place is so state-of-the-art and so
legit there's literally people coming
here right now to scope it out for a
comedian because the shooting is special
here like that's the caliber of this
comedy club it's insane so I'm feeling
really good
josh is nervous I'm nervous nervous but
in a good way we're feeling good I'm
gonna show you a little tour this place
because right now is when I can and it's
just like who the fuck knows when I'm
gonna be in a place like this again so
check this out
all right now in the kitchen finally I
can't really go there
we're gonna start the show in just under
an hour
how much more I'm going to show you
before we get on there
get up you know
just remember guys right is it
and while ladies and gentlemen without
further ado please put your hands
together and welcome
this is Bernice and if you ever made me
and you say fuck you never harden that
you love you in that particular so
you deal Nora is my friend here and she
thinks I should call you guys Dale so
you're all little Dale can I just say
fuck you do thank you so I'm standing
here right now with all these gifts and
amazing things that you guys handed me
tonight and I have like no words for
what went on tonight I'm so proud and
I'm I don't know like I just I really
feel like nothing could have gone better
and you guys were the most amazing crowd
and I had all my family and friends here
supporting me in jennifer mean it was
just I pushed myself like way outside my
comfort zone with this and it was an
incredible an incredible incredible
experience and I have so many people to
think and I just want you guys to know
that you mean the world to me and this
night is just hard proof that I am
living my dream I'm so happy so sorry to
get all sappy on you but Wow
it was just so amazing tonight and it's
like you guys were such a great crowd
and we had so much fun out there on that
stage right there behind me okay
and thank you guys for waiting and
meeting us you guys mean everything yeah
hope you guys had a good time tonight I
love you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
for the last part of the week thank you
all for everything
