hey what's up you guys so we are sending
our face off right now Brett came over
and we were about to go to the dark Park
and then do some adventure stuff so that
should be fun but just like five minutes
ago Jenna said you know what I can't get
out of my brain and I said what and then
she said heads shoulders knees and toes
in Japanese so I called her Bluff I was
like you don't know that and she did it
in Japanese so I wanted to show you guys
so when she comes down you're gonna see
Jenna do head shoulders knees and toes
in Japanese like flawless japanese it's
like that app you know that a little my
idol app where they start singing
that's Vietnamese but it's like that's
what it sounded like when Jenna started
saying it it's amazing probably you know
feeling that well what was not feeling
good today yeah you're a little guy he
gets really sad when he's not gonna go
to dance don't you
ears the eyes the mouth the nose that's
so adorable so for our Sunday activity
we came to the army-navy surplus store
and we're just trying out a bunch of
cool shit wearing a tactical vest
you never know you're in the attacked or
avast right Bret yeah exactly
for all sorts of stuff in here where's
Jenna Jenna's found like so much stuff
there's bazookas also in case me it does
I'm low on bazookas I'll pick some up
happy Sunday hey
oh hello yeah I just look creepy now
who's that crazy asshole there's a baby
he's the perfect song - it's about a
drop our life has just basically become
trying to be Walid Muhammad
it's adventure night
tacos torta we're being so funky right
now we're gonna go to Target to pick up
more comment because we're children in
don't go in out we're playing Mortal
Kombat X right now and I was really like
confident going into the first match and
then Jenna just destroyed me I was
confident that she just absolutely
wrecked me but this game is like really
sick we were playing it at Ryan's it's a
lot of fun right let me know if you guys
want us to do it like a gaming video on
this dude that can be really fun
all right pack it up fucking losing it
how're you doing buddy Marvel hasn't
been feeling very well
yeah you've been sick huh mm yeah squawk
he he was like really really not feeling
well yesterday and then we got to the
dog park and he just took like the most
disproportionately large dump he's ever
taken and he was feeling a lot better
but I still think he's a little
constipated cuz that he's like energy is
low and he just be a little beep well we
be a little sad I'm sorry you're not
feeling my buddy anyway I was just
working out I'm gonna finish my workout
Shane just got here to hang out and
maybe do other stuff I'm not gonna say
but yeah I'm gonna finish my workout
then I'm gonna go get some Chipotle I've
been thinking about it all day yes I
know I know I know
then it's rehearsal time at Josh's we'll
probably run through it a couple times
good day so far I just want Marvel to
start feeling better all right so just
have lunch and I got this new package in
the PIO box and I want to show you what
was in it this sure is this not the most
electric fucking sure there's cats
riding skateboards I think you're keV
they're don't pull up those animals
riding skateboards I want to show you
guys because this company recognized
sent us an entire box from their company
so I want to say thank you to recognize
you guys are awesome they literally just
hit me up and we're like can we send you
some of our stuff that I was like yeah
sure I mean I looked at their 7 and look
like this hoser yeah we're but anyway
I'm getting ready to go get my rehearsal
deck on what is going on outside if
there's an Shane in his natural yeah but
yeah so much going on yeah anyway I
gotta get going soon but I want to show
you my electric shirt so also when
someone at Chipotle knows who you are
does that mean you have a problem or
I'm necessary so I just grabbed some
sushi at this spot on Ventura Boulevard
that I just discovered and it was really
good
I've never been there before but it said
Japanese and it said bar so I went in
and I was happy I decided to get out of
the house because Jenna and Shane were
so shooting coming across the street a
lot and I think they should be finished
up by now but I just yeah I went grab
some dinner um I always love when you
try a new spot and it's really good
anyone want to get sushi with me let me
know because Jenna doesn't eat sushi so
I need sushi friends I'm in need of
sushi companions so hit me up I got a
good spot yeah so I'm gonna head home
right now probably edit the vlog and get
some stuff ready before the night is
over
fuck you down so this is the dining room
do you have something to explain to me
why did you do look at me
hello why'd you do though a peach does
yeah so yeah I guess apparently Jenna
and change that's in fun with the silly
string yeah you know what I'm actually
not even now I'm just depressed I know
the jealous
wait
target out of my day
d12 this is our new thing iced coffee
concentrate I can't even see strikes are
I'm talking frog with me
fuck fuck with me
bye guys just remember that when you're
feeling down yeah I love these lights
because anywhere in the house basically
I can set up a cool-looking light not
just like a yellow kitchen light shit
I'm gonna close the vlog tomorrow's a
big day because it's the last thing I
have before the real show the shadow
tour in Irvine the live show I'm doing
with Josh and Arnold we're just fucking
doing it man
like I said if you guys are around
Irvine May 20th which is gonna be
tomorrow can click in the description to
see how you can get tickets there are
still tickets available so I'm just
really excited it's gonna go awesome on
Wednesday when we perform there's not
going to be a block that's why I
uploaded Monday but I love you guys and
I'll see you on Thursday wish me luck in
my first live show of anything ever all
right
