well thanks the wrong person
I got
but we're not going to Torino
that's why give a bitch apart which you
better have a purse you see standing on
the curb talking about what she deserved
girl I need for everything I even bought
you that dessert oh that's that nurse so
tragic I know it's hard to stay happy a
piece when it's all collapsing around
surrounded by traffic rather be locked
in the cabin with just the two of us
laughing over some dinner and cracking
some novel somewhere in Aspen doesn't it
sound so relaxed and I think you become
my passion in your addictions of fashion
that's a good habit to have I think
relationship time and I think our love's
automatic see all the drama is classic
but all in all it's trying to the top no
but it really didn't take too long the
honeymoon phase was over it became so
wrong became prolong knowing that we
never belong the camera granted so
because I would add all of the song and
so on all I wanted you to know I like it
when you're down to earth I dig that
kind of soul but maybe you've been cold
acting all around me but that bit is
getting no baby I've been waiting lately
for the real you to unload
Wow I totally just like completely
stopped vlogging after the party we got
really drunk let me take a nap and now
it's like 11:20 and we're gonna go to
Ryan's but yeah I'm sorry for that giant
gap in the walk we were just having a
really great time
forgot about lucky for collusion are you
okay
Jenna wake up I'll show you what my hair
this is my hair ready hello my name is
Corbin and then like Pilates um no sir
that's my dick sir
sure Torrance do you like my tourists
shirt hey Vegas oh by the way hold this
like shoot I know I just want you to see
this me okay what should I do
what is it this is an XL yeah there's
like ridiculous yeah we went inside
Jillian's now why is he a good boy he
literally did nothing well you're just
you're just standing you literally
you're just existing why is that a good
boy that's false encouraging you
telescope good scoop yeah this goofy
tail where the sea monsters awakening
sea monster it so oddly enough the last
time I've logged here at Ryan's house we
did the same thing we're lighting off
fireworks so your fireworks
hey those dogs really like that yeah hey
let's fucking piss these dogs they're so
loud they're just chihuahuas that's okay
marbles would get along marvels would
eat them
would be the leader of the pack yeah
he's outfit fuck okay sir doing one in
each yeah like these ones being better I
thought these were better because they
were like bigger yeah you have you know
I was gonna come down on us and blow all
right we're done these are the things we
do the bond that Marley rocks the hello
ma'am can we pause leak what did you do
yeah I think I can rock this yeah I look
like riff raff yeah Tommy with tennis
spinner
Vivat do this to us Vivek come on
we just doubled up for no reason
oh wait I'm gonna put the camera way
I'll probably get in trouble we just
doubled up our money we found this
secret room where we always win Jenna
just got spin again let's go
spin it
she's won more money what actual so she
just put in 150 to play and then she cow
is with 285 you got a cash out now how
are we winning money right I'm telling
you this is the secret room
we always win money in this room period
this row we were fortune is gold and I
think I'm gonna get in trouble for
vlogging but I'm sorry we won yes so I
think it's fair to say this trip to
Vegas was absolutely awesome
good hiccups hiccups low whine good I
don't want the pool party today it was
like a great time I was like so happy
and they always treat us so well and
Jenna was happy and we had fun and
everyone like came to say hi was really
happy and really though everyone's so
sweet and then we get to see Ryan and
the dogs are happy and we want money I
mean this is like a good trip yeah that
was good trip good trip excited to be
back home tomorrow honestly because just
it's gonna feel good to be in our own
house and our own bed and have a yard
why were you okay buddy he doesn't want
to eat it he wants to look at it peach I
wouldn't even look at it if I were you
what was he trying to bury it anyway
we're gonna try to get some sleep right
now so we'll see you guys in the morning
right now
like it just sounds
we imagined being like one of the music
executives back in the day when that
song came out to speak like it's a great
song but it sounds ridiculous
so we hit a bit of traffic but we were
just like jamming out we've been doing
the whip in the car Atomics even like to
let it go right and we were just like
going ham in the car and we were like
hearty and then we see like next to us a
couple had rolled down their window and
they were just like fucking doing it
that they were like smiling laughing at
us was the funniest thing ever they just
joined it on our whip party the dudes is
dying laughing I looked over and we just
started laughing so funny
how you doing the duck so we're like
sort of focused on like 70 miles laughs
but now we're just be whipping our way
to LA now let you down so I am headed
over to Josh's place for a little bit of
a shadow to our rehearsal we have two
rehearsals next week Monday and Tuesday
literally right before the show that are
gonna be like full-blown rehearsal this
is like our first like real full through
rehearsal without costumes which makes
me remember I just forgot a piece of my
costume which is awesome and I'm excited
because things are really starting to
like the only good show time after I'm
done here I'm gonna probably meet
and Brett who are going out to Jenna's
friends Rachel's party graduation party
years Rachel was the girl in Jenna's
music video boyfriend Cindy may gonna
get this shit done right hey Julian why
did you suddenly become freaked in this
part of the fog fuck you Dale because I
wanted to we are going out tonight and
we're getting fleet for it so I got my
fleek shoes fleet shirt
Blake hat glasses bleep face
I just finished rehearsing with Josh
Donald and I'm honestly telling you that
I'm so fucking pumped for this show on
Wednesday I just can't come soon enough
like we put so much work into it so I'm
talking about that and uh tonight we're
going to Rachel party like I said so we
all dressed up for it I'm taking a
selfie Oh Brett did you say let's wait
for googly yeah this is why I welcome
Pratt I was looking myself Leslie bully
look at he's wearing my shirt he looks
pleased this is the fleek night get a
breath I got to be honest with you I was
just gonna be another corner and creep
on you guys taking a selfie live logged
it and then I heard you say let's wait
for bully and my heart
I missed you we're in the desert without
our brood alright so are we doing this
this is what general looks like Oh
flicky fleek
all right we're going out and I just
wanted to close the vlog now so I'll see
you guys tomorrow May 20th the first day
of our tour so I don't know what the
vlogs maybe tomorrow but I'm gonna put
something up for you while I go to
everybody I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow next box okay bye
