we're driving to Vegas right now this is
a car I'm never driving behind this is a
DeLorean do that thing
it's so sick get legs into the future
that's really cool looks like it is fun
for you mind
peachie you love your brother
more interesting
on the road right now is like an army
van pretty cool there's like a little
bit
convoy like almost halfway to Vegas
right now that was just a little rain so
drinking up California
we'll get there around in two hours from
now
so let's get to the desert already
cleared up that was no right and so
we'll be alright
right okay dad what we are
I'll carefully crash that you are a
billboard whoa get fired
watch my gosh it's awesome
that's a
turn out to cross right now casually
driving in Las Vegas and I see Jenna on
the Billboard chart why are you on that
how'd you get up there it's so dangerous
get down from there I miss my exit I
just don't buy are you Oh bro the camera
now no bro Julian don't crash the car I
know it's so hard though my girlfriend's
name on a sign it's like the little
biggest romantic that's really cool it's
Friday we are finally at the Palms we
got through our room and it's a really
awesome suite that they gave us the
palms are always really great to Jenna
and they treat us really well when we
come so thank you palms also a beautiful
hotel so we have some work to get done
like the Jenna's Sirius show and we're
going to do a podcast and a couple other
things we got to get down and then we
have dinner at 7:30 at the steak house
downstairs which should be nice but
Jenna's so really tired she hasn't slept
so I'm I think she's getting a little
delirious at this point but we're here
the dogs are happy are you happy yeah
you're cooped up what's the little one
doing what are you doing you want to get
on the giant romantic couch yeah look at
you mama you fit that couch very well
this is our podcast setup for while
we're in Vegas we got these two chairs
that came in the room and we set up the
mics and it's pretty good but it's kind
of cool to have a different setting for
just a random podcast mix things up a
little bit so yeah we're going to
podcast right now and then we have
dinner reservation which we're going to
get some really good food at because
we've eaten at this place before
probably gonna be a relatively quick
podcast it's going to go up next Monday
because we didn't want to wait till this
weekend because everything's starting to
come really fast in our schedules and we
don't want to leave the podcast to be in
the middle of it so we're gonna bust
this out and then go eat some steak in a
little bit you guys recognize this
hallway
this is only creepy song debuted six
seven or eight for this is returning to
the grounds of when that genius creation
was born weed babies my head's is do
itchy Roma's Illyria classic Rome bomber
robe on row like that
Rambam anyway sorry we got no no
but the last leg told our video on this
channel she wrote
serious show that oh and let's just
include the better you didn't sleep a
wink good God
and then we just drove to Vegas
now we're just finally chilling show
which is another time it's a busy day
but it's fun and our veins I was
kidnapped fucking here
we're trying to get peachy tired we're
playing with her and Kermit just jumped
off the couch
Oh
over the morning
midnight
you're just walking outside the main
inches of the hotel and there's like two
giant glass doors any of the dogs so
try to open it so that peach could walk
out it so I open one I'm like clutch and
she runs like a bull directly into the
closed glass door I was like each
other's like what do you do as I don't
even see her then we get to the next
door which is the same exact thing
you're a little goon
yeah you're goon so today I don't even
really know what we're gonna do it makes
my like hang out for the day there's not
really anything going on at the hotel
it's pretty low-key but seriously though
it's actually I mean this weather is
fucking perfect I just hope it stays
like this all day it's like not cold but
it's not hot sunny it's beautiful like I
ever see Vegas like this I mean we still
have like I think four hours ish still
wrapped by the pool at the party so we
still have time for the weather to just
take a big shit on us but hopefully it
doesn't are you gonna go potty I gotta
pick up some dog poop so I had to run
upstairs to get some doggie bags cuz
they went to the bathroom right I'm
going to sign up with the eyes real soon
because I'm going to get to this party
but be ready on Tuesday to see a vlog
like everything we do in Vegas that
should be love from I'll check back with
you guys in a few cheers to caffeinated
what are you doing okay are you walking
in the glass doors you little dummy he's
just a little pup she's made so many
friends every human being that comes out
to us she just wants to kiss and love
you need to love her anyway I got to
sign off I love you guys so much and
thank you for watching the vlog today we
just gotta start getting ready but like
I said Tuesday's vlog is gonna have
everything that we do today and this
weekend in it which should be kind of
interesting so I guess hold off until
Tuesday and you'll get it all so I was
thinking on my periscope at the party
but I don't know why I'm telling you
that now because you're watching this on
Tuesday so the party would have been on
Friday so unless you have a time machine
this is gonna help you from giving you
useless information I apologize about
that it's really not my fault though
it's tails for fuck you Dale I love you
guys and I'll see you on Tuesday
all right hi if I commit Kermit says I
love you guys I'll see you guys on
Tuesday thanks for watching the vlog
don't let go sleep now
yeah
