they keep telling me to make something
different I'm stuck in this river I
can't even listen I cut my legs off now
girl I ain't even trigger all the girls
getting lifted because its life as you
dig ulis getting out of control
see I don't mean to dis you I don't mean
to dismiss you I'd rather put some Gucci
on the deal with my issues look at a
bunch of letters from her say miss you
because it's hell confronting all those
name by myself I'm in his lonely world
alone the night in no help I'm seriously
like the luckiest dude ever to have a
friend like Tom who's literally world
class at what he does and he's willing
to just like take an hour and a half out
of his day because I know he's fuckin
slammed with stuff right now and just
choreographed me an entire dance Thank
You Man so that was going to be in the
shadow tour I have this bit where I
dance like my face off as you can see
I'm like sweating
and just Cory got the entire thing for
me I'm going to link his channel I'm
gonna link his everything below because
he's one of the funniest most talented
guys out there and I hope you guys
should definitely check his shit out but
I'm heading home right now probably to
keep practicing this because I need a I
need to tighten it up I needed to be
ready in a week so that's my day just
caffeinated and danced and it's such a
good Wednesday so far so I'm gonna go
home and take care of some stuff and
maybe practice and then maybe help Jenna
with our video and then maybe stress out
about other stuff but it's all good life
is great
Thank You d-trix I love you
when I'll see you again when I see you
again who knew talking to you so today
has been a really really fun day just
because I got to dance a lot that's kind
of it like dancing has been really fun
today when I was a kid like really young
my mom because my sister grew up a
dancer so my mom would put me and my
brother in like hip-hop classes and we
were like so young and I stopped when I
was a kid but it does bring back that
like I don't know it's just it's inside
of me somewhere and I found it today
because I'm dancing in the show next
week so I had to like really get stuff
together but I want to show you
something what I learned I could do
today so check this out so I was just in
the office and I hear this sound so I
come in here and my little Starbucks
drink had the straw taken out of it and
put on the floor like peach was gonna
take my whole Starbucks drink into her
bed and just like let it spill over
she's done that before she just takes
like completely filled drinks and then
just spills them in her bed so she can
chew the cup I gave you a whole blog
yesterday pH can you just chill for a
bit anyway we are getting to Jenna's
video right now I am going to be
shooting it and she's going to be in it
it's a nice trolli video about beauty
lifestyle vlog type people it's pretty
funny it's gonna get crazy because in
the morning we are taking off to Vegas
and in the car on the way to Vegas
Jenna's gonna write her radio show so
that when we get to Vegas she can record
it it's gonna be an intense day and we
have the video to bust out all before
that but it's good because we're excited
about Vegas and the The Palms is always
incredible to us the Palms Casino and
Resort in Las Vegas we went there a year
ago and they were just like amazing to
us and they you know treated us great it
took us to an awesome dinner and it was
fun so we got that this weekend and we
might get to see Ryan in them because
we're on to Vegas so that's really
exciting
so tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna do my best
to get up as early as possible I just
don't know what is
like uploading in the hotel and whatnot
but it should be up fairly early in
regular time for you guys to watch but
anyway I just wanted to update you with
what is going on with us because that is
our next couple of days and we get to
take the dogs which is really awesome
because we hate leaving them I'm gonna
go see how ready jenna is and then we
can get going on this video so we're
almost done shooting this ridiculously
trollee video right now and then it's
gonna be like late night ending and who
knows if we'll get sleep tonight but
yeah we're just finishing up right now
shooting and then it's like I said it's
editing time what are you guys doing
what are you guys doing who ripped all
that did Peachy do that have you guys
had it with her mom if you have a peach
yeah we're talking shit about you you
make so many messes you little girl
and then you just think you can look
cute and it'll all go away how you doing
troll Jenna yeah I'll do over the
shoulder throwing OTS T shoulder shot
charlie good words look at how many
muscles I have moscals giving up my
skulls the milk
I haven't even noticed that milk is BAE
blog you really wants to focus on the
allergic reaction Jenna buy me do it
there is a focus on me why are you so
silly you don't even know focus on
anymore just kidding you do alright
that's it for the vlog sorry it's so
short I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
say bye John bye PG and Jenna my comment
see you guys
