hey good morning what's up guys
so peach is like afraid of nothing like
she'll jump up into your arms when
you're not even paying attention knowing
that she'll probably get dropped and she
has gotten dropped and she like runs
around with reckless abandon but we
found one thing that she's like really
scared of and that is jumping off of our
bed into our arms because every time I
try to tell her to jump like jump jump
jump she like starts crying it's like
kind of cute so and show you the camera
she nails down with the third try good
job he scares it's okay
you did it nothing happened I'm really
glad I got that on camera though because
she always cries it just sits there
I think she's like slowly understanding
that it's not gonna mess her out good
girl
why that one prank what did that one do
to cry
weakly what is it are you okay better
I'm proud of you those very brains
coming loose one jump jump jump jump
okay so we just podcasted right now J
cyrus came over who's fuckin this
awesome kid he's on vine and we made
president at playlist a while ago and he
just moved here so he came in podcasting
with us which was a lot of fun and now
I'm getting a bunch of clothes ready to
go do like some sort of photo shoot and
video thing for the shadow thing and
basically I'm just busy today but I
found out this noise that peach really
hates and I want to show you what she
does when I make it it's okay come here
come here
okay even do it peach tea of demons
what is this is triggering flashbacks
you're so cute I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
terrorizing you for my own pleasure just
a really cute fine she's like I'm out of
here
PG girl it's just a noise alright I'm
done fucking with you I'm sorry okay
you're so adorable
peach with the help for some weird
reason that makes her do that
damn it Josh be on stage do it I'm
stressed he's how I calm down sorry
Masha it's natural uh no ah this guy's
got living yellow little car and these
license plates his Pikachu
and he's really fast too it's freaking
awesome he could you he just smoked me
that's really cool so this is not my car
I had to take my car into the shop today
because remember a while ago I got
pulled over and I need to get those
tinted taillights were fairly tinted I
had to get him fixed
that's one due today so my buddy who
owns the shop let me borrow his
sweet-ass Jaguar
he's got like a fleet of awesome cars
and I'm going to Starbucks right now to
try to edit
this thing drives like a completely
different machine like it's not even a
car it's just like a spaceship so
car goals I guess okay so first of all
with this car that's the speedometer so
as you can see it clearly goes really
fucking fast and I want you guys to
listen to the car as I Drive it is just
the sound of it
I mean come on cargos in thanks Mike if
you guys are in Santa Monica and you
need your car fixed
bears Keystone bodyshop is where I'm
getting my car worked on it's the best
place I've ever put my car my buddy Mike
hones it that is the spot I always take
my car so highly recommend it so now I'm
going to go grab my cart and then I have
to go to City Hall to like show them
that I fixed my car so today's just like
a super fun adult-type day but at least
they get to drive a badass car so we are
taking another trip to Best Buy because
we just need a few more of these lights
that connect to the Wi-Fi but we'll we
figured out which is so badass there's
an app on the Apple watch that can help
control the light that's the side light
that's not connected yet yeah so look
turn on all lights on my watch
Marty McFly we made it that cool yeah
it's okay so we're gonna get more of
these lights because we need a couple
more to fill in some of the rooms we
have not and then when we can generate
like Jena Sevilla they have a special
one we got to get that fixed by an
electrician so we can switch the bulbs
fuck is that just a spider babe it's a
spider domain on the camera it's a
spider it's not huge
babe it's so small it's literally an
itsy bitsy spider okay it's not so itsy
it's pretty big that's like a fucking
tarantula okay that's not a tarantula
yeah but it's gonna kill us in our sleep
if we don't get rid of it okay so we'll
pick up some rain how do we get it it's
really far it's a little spider
no we don't binoculars babe I'm gonna
throw a shoe at it okay are you sure it
just it's a spider it's definitely a
spider it's big it looked a lot smaller
but it's not true Angela I don't know
Julian's talking about but fuck you Dale
that is an enormous ass spider
I can't even get into focus you're gonna
like hit it and it's gonna make one of
those videos or all the babies come out
you gotta get up on the fucking balcony
or something what's your idea oh my god
John this is fuckin just got bad news
right and all are standing on the mantel
okay you can't get it ya know what
should we name him mm okay so apparently
we have a little bit of a spider problem
so we're gonna go soon to this bye we're
gonna just call an exterminator but I
want to show you guys what I do when I'm
really really really really thirsty
because I just worked out and I'm hot
and I'm still like terribly thirsty so I
fill up a cup full of ice let's go a
little more like about three-quarters
the way up and then take my straw and I
just run the water while I drink so it's
never in and you got a little bit
build-up then you just go ham that way
you're completely hydrated and satisfied
and you still have some when you need
more aren't you glad you watched his
vlog now you're not gonna hydrate like a
complete freaking weirdo a little update
on the spider situation we got home none
of the fuckers gone Jenna thinks he
climbed into the open light fixture or
then I think he like either did that or
went into the vent yeah but the bottom
line is we have a monster arm it's and
he's just lurking now in the shadows
until we fall asleep and then it's going
to strike a book you deal spider our
office is a mess so don't fucking yell
at me because there was a leak and we
have to redo the whole fucking room like
twice but we just got lights in here so
we got one over there we got one over
there and we got two new hue bulbs now
we're gonna be able to control the
office with our phones and do different
lighting situations so that when we
reading late at night it's not like
depressing and dark right Jennifer so
yeah we're just we're fixing more lights
up right now
are you doing lady
bitchy jump jump jump jump oh you did it
good girl yeah you breathe you're brave
enough to chew everything in the house
including headphones cords and shoes
we're gonna fight him oh yeah I'm gonna
rapidly blog right now because that we
kind of have a decent I'm to do Jen's
got her video tomorrow we got a record
her show before we take off to Vegas for
this appearance she's doing it's just a
crazy week and then next week the shadow
pool beauty but yeah I love you guys
thank you so much for watching the vlog
and I will see you tomorrow for another
exciting vlog of me in my life and Jen
is bot teaching computrainer why you
always steal the show this is my channel
peach get your own say bye PG says I'll
see you guys tomorrow for the next vlog
I love you okay bye up you Dale
