okay this is not a vlog this is not a
normal video this is not something I
want to film right now or upload or have
anything to do with but we just got back
from Big Bear to a couple things first
of which we had a stack of packages at
our front door and we didn't order those
packages so because of the way it was
addressed and how our names are written
on the Amazon packages it leads me to
believe that it might be from a viewer
who sent us packages to our house I'm
not positive I actually just reached out
to Amazon on Twitter DM them because
they're normally helpful so I want to
figure out like where these packages
came from it's it's a it's a it's a
bunch of packages that don't really make
any sense of like the items and it's not
anything creepy or weird but it's just
like the nature of us getting the
packages seems kind of weird um and as I
was bringing the packages in from
outside a grown-ass woman drove up with
her son asking if she knew if this was
the street jenna Marbles lived on
and so I I said to her I said you can't
be here I said this is not okay
and she said I don't know all these
parents nowadays are taking their kids
to these youtubers houses it's pretty
crazy
and I said yeah you drove here you are
the crazy like you were that you were
the problem here I don't know why you're
trying to act all you're on my team I
said I think it's best if you leave and
she said oh well we just parked his
we're just gonna go for a walk and I
said no you didn't like you came to our
house so if you could please leave that
might be best
so she hops in her car and leaves with
her poor fucking son who has a mom that
would do something like that set that
kind of example I don't understand that
a grown person drives their kid to
another person's house invading all of
their privacy and now I'm like sitting
here waiting for my fucking dinner and I
don't want to go out front and if I were
in here Jenna would have been fucking
nice enough to say hi and give the kid a
picture which is totally fucked up that
she would even have to do something like
that or even be put in that situation
like I'm glad I answered the door and I
was out there and she wasn't please
don't come to our house just please
don't do it there are so many other ways
that you can connect with us that are
appropriate and not I don't know wrong
uncomfortable setting a terrible example
for your kid so to that kid who looked
up our address and told his mom to drive
us here I think you might be a little
too young to understand why that's not
okay but I do apologize on behalf of
your mom for showing you how to invade
someone else's privacy because your
mom's job is to be the one setting the
example of how not to do stuff like that
I figured I would just record this video
right now because I am like I don't know
what to do with myself I'm like sitting
here like sitting on all these packages
having that just happens and I'm just
like I don't know what to do so I wanted
to keep you guys posted on why I tweeted
when I tweeted which was don't come to
our house don't come to our house don't
come to our house because don't come to
our house like please just find another
way to connect and
understand that that if you're a parent
like it is so so important that you like
don't reinforce that behavior because
it's just unfair to make other people
feel unsafe in their own house
