what's up guys wow it's a little windy
right now so I just finished shooting
with Colin so much fun that guy
seriously awesome for those who don't
know what I'm talking about Rome was
Jenna's assistant her husband he's a
friend of ours because you know they're
friends of ours and his name is Colin it
he came over and shot some stuff with me
shot a speech jammer challenge which is
absolutely hilarious we couldn't even
keep it together laughing so hard and we
also shot this new kind of chatting
while we drink whiskey type series thing
for my second channel he is an awesome
guys I had a great time with him now I
am headed over to meet Josh who is doing
a cool big shoot for one of his videos
and he wanted me to be a part of it so
I'm headed over right now to where they
are at the park to do my part in this
but yeah I'm gonna do this and then head
back and then I got to pick up my
brother's birthday present and ahead to
his birthday dinner which is all the way
in Orange County so I've got a busy day
but what's going on today is another
like gloomy cold day in the valley and
kind of all of Southern California and I
don't really mind it I'm like enjoying
this like cool weather it's kind of nice
like you know having the fire on and
cozying up inside because I know that
we're not gonna have too much of that in
the coming months we are just taking
care of some stuff today we have this
party to go to for hey USA tonight it's
like a wrap party for the show so we got
invited to that so I think we'll go to
that tonight but for now I'm gonna go
upstairs and start cleaning up now so
much fun aren't you jealous that I get
to go clean why can't we just get
someone in jail to clean fuck you Dale
clean my room do ten dogs no dogs never
enough dog so the snapchat has the new
feature where you can like zoom really
fast while you're shooting a video and
someone just sent me a video on Twitter
a thing I love the new snapchat feature
it's so perfectly terrifying I love it
negotiate Jenna now Ari
okay so we had a really really fun time
last night we started drinking and if I
did Steve green and Nicky over and they
are awesome and it was like a great time
hanging out with them because we
realized we lived close to them so I
just hit him up and they're like yeah
well come over so they did and then
Shane came over also it was a lot of fun
Brett and I just grabbed coffee and then
he went home but while we were gone my
little friend here got into Brett's
pizza box didn't you he pad into the
pizza not you Dale the Raptors when
we're gone there was like three pieces
left and they were like scattered
throughout the house when we got home so
fucking nobody
anyway oh yeah buddy get some stuff done
around the house maybe do a little work
out and then I'm gonna go see my mom
tonight cuz it is Mother's Day today's
that is my day but I'll check back with
you guys a little bit before I close
also look what I did I took Jenna's big
piece of her watch band and put it on my
ass and I have like half and half adult
I have a new obsession and it's playing
frisbee it's not like a normal frisbee
like I told you before it's this just
like ring rubber ring that like you can
throw so far and it's the most addicting
thing ever because it's just like
extreme catch like you throw it so far
you run so far to get it it's been the
best consistent cardio I've done in a
long time so back at the park and I'm
gonna play some extreme frisbee with
Josh and probably Andrew and Adam so
that is what's happening with me Jenna
didn't get too much sleep last night so
she's taking a nap with dogs and after
this I believe I'm gonna go see my mom
and my family over at my mom's house
what should be fun because my family is
always interesting whose is it though we
just all demolished Mother's Day sushi
so much sushi but now look at these
really pretty Mother's Day flowers and I
didn't get him for my mom so I feel bad
I got my mom alcohol for Mother's Day
bad honey where do you smell whew cheers
there you saw a picture yeah your best
friends in peace honey
mom and brothers little baby I just
don't know him but you know look her
when she's asleep
your sweetheart you usually can't
imagine how fast she runs in that field
no I never thought that there could be a
dog faster than peach and honey's faster
than Peter Burke
cuz honey he's got like the Iggy like
butt and legs but she's like like upper
body strength is like different than
then people should be too fast fuck you
dad
to run away back home right now we are
trying a new burger place called the
habit we've never ever ever tried but
we've heard it's really good and we're
always down with new burgers we walked
over
yeah for cheap yeah it's just going to
be one burger and fries this time I'm
not going to go completely ham we're
trying to be good but um oh I don't know
if I've shown this in a blog this is the
coolest shirt ever someone sent this to
me in the pl box and I just got it and
it's like please thing ever so whoever
sent that thank you so much like I don't
even know how he makes someone happy
yeah it doesn't fit me but I love
looking at it yeah we're gonna go eat
these burgers now it does it fits you
get your little body okay I see you have
it okay so we were just chilling out
like at home watching our Sunday night
shows and they're you know and Gabby
texted Jenna and was like come out hang
with me at this bowling alley but bar
it's a good old bowling alley called
bowler oh so we we came out which is
like 10:30 right now on Sunday and we're
just adventuring so that's what we're
doing right a little exciting do a
little bowler oh it's it's more exciting
than most Sunday nights but
Lefty's bowling alley we're going to
come around
we left and now we're at this bar we
used to come through
like my first drink camera
- overdrive
yeah I'm closing right now time to close
the vlog chemicals of Walker my little
vlog comes out every time but no kavion
say hi Debbie
I'll say hi oh that means I guess for
the night she invited us over to the
bowling alley and it forced them to come
he did and when we migrated over to this
bar and yeah it was a good time I'm glad
we came to write Jenna we had a little
we had a little Sunday night adventure
otherwise it was just HBO shows and then
bedtime so we had fun and we got a
little bowling in which is fun and we
had some Sunday night drinks I wasn't
gonna mention that but I guess now that
it's out there Jenna beat me both games
yeah Bokke
okay yeah now I'm just gonna close the
vlog all sad but yeah I'm gonna close
the vlog oh you guys thank you for
watching the vlog I'll see you tomorrow
for the next one
crazy busy week coming up just like so
much preparation for a whole bunch of
different shit so it's gonna be fun but
it's also really busy so I'll take you
along the ride I love you guys thanks
Right see you mom
