good morning what's up guys so Jenna and
I were just hanging out and peach as you
guys know knows how to jump up like onto
us like into our arms from the ground
well so we think we taught peach to jump
on to our back like if I bend over and I
put something up here she wants she'll
jump on my back I guess circus does
she's like instantly like roaches and
lays up flat I might if you just squat
down and do it like this hold the camera
yeah see yeah you gotta get down okay
Eddie yeah you gotta figure out how to
get down now no she doesn't really go oh
my god uh-oh increment mine they just
find that well she's like like she's a
circus dog like she just has no fear
I'll do it ever you want no picture
Queen you didn't cutest on me what
happened Jenna was like she started to
jump in her arms well you weren't
expecting it so you like channel that
and like toddler that that is a command
so now when you say jump she jumps right
and so I was like one time when we say
derp well she started jumping on the
chair and then on the trailer to get to
me but then I turned my back and she
like put her hands on she was like what
if Jim I know yeah so now we were saying
on circus dog good circus some of the
park josh is coming we're gonna throw
the frisbee around it was a it was
really chilly earlier but then it
suddenly got really hot so I was like
okay it'll be alright but then I got hot
okay all right this is gonna be tough
I've been really getting into running
around with a frisbee because it's like
the funnest way I can get myself a
little prince really glad I have Josh's
a friend I feel like I should tell you
guys that me
being in the YouTube sphere and being
able to meet different people on the
platform has given me the opportunity to
make friends and I'm sure a lot of you
feel the same way when I say making
friends is not easy it's just you know
sometimes you you don't want to put
yourself out there because you're afraid
you're not gonna meet someone who's like
you or you're gonna get judged or you're
not gonna find friends and that's that
was me I mean I'm still kind of that way
but the fact that I have YouTube in
common with some people and that's
initially on that Josh and d-trix and
Shane and all the amazing people Ryan
and I have gotten to know and be friends
with it makes me really grateful to the
idea that YouTube has given me the
opportunity make friends because in my
opinion you know I've always been
someone who needs just a few really good
friends I just wanted to say that I'm
gonna I'm gonna get my spring done I'm
gonna get my frisbee on so hard right
now and I got my giant water jug right
there ready to go
Oh
holy crap guys alright so we just bought
this thing which is a giant long
extendable pole that you're used to put
light bulbs in with higher ceilings and
we got fucking high ceilings right see
those high ceilings that's a great angle
but basically we bought these new lights
that basically change color with your
like iPhone you can change the color on
your phone and you can do different
settings and make it look really cool so
we changed five out of the six lights in
this living room and I just took the old
bulbs out and replaced the new ones with
this thing and it's the most
nerve-wracking experience ever I did it
at Jenna's old old place so a town house
used to live in good God like because
when you take them out the suction
doesn't always stay and like sometimes
comes off and maybe it's not even all
the way screwed in so something like a
couple of times I had to just drop the
stick and catch the bulb but yeah that
was like intense app but it's really
cool now because it's like super bright
in here and we can mess with the colors
and and have cool like color parties
this is one of the lights on the ground
that Jenna got it's going to be similar
to that except literally any color you
can choose any color scheme with all
five of them it's gonna be really cool I
just got a lot of adrenaline going
because that was nerve-wracking but yeah
we had a really fun adventure day we
went out after I went frisbee and we
went out and did a bunch of errands in
anyway we got these new dope lights and
a bunch of other stuff but yeah we're
gonna see what we can do with them now
peachie is actually a circus animal
watch this
sup guys so we just finished shooting
the video with a boyfriend so called
life yeah we had a pretty epic setup
today this looks like wow wow wow and if
you look at our Google search history
it's basically just all different types
of facial hair so super creepy and weird
hey Lupe do you have facial hair I think
she needs a pee but anyway I wanted to
get on with you guys and say what's up
give you guys a little info what's going
on in my life so tomorrow I am going to
be shooting with Rome's husband he's a
friend of ours obviously because Rome
Rome is Jenna's assistant for those you
don't know and she's Australian and
she's married to a really funny dude
named Colin and through getting in a
room we've gotten a no Colin and Colin
had an idea that we would shoot a funny
video together and I was like let's just
put it up on my channel so tomorrow's
video isn't a vlog it's gonna be like a
sort of challenge type video but it's
gonna be really funny because he's
fucking hilarious he's like a riot
I want to let you guys know that
tomorrow yeah so there's no blog
tomorrow it's just going to be that
video and tomorrow is my brother's
birthday so I'm going to go in to see
Marlon down by his school for dinner and
that should be really fun because I miss
him and I love that guy he's turning
twenty crazy right little kids growing
up so yeah that's what we got going on
tomorrow and I'm also shooting someone
with Josh so busy day tomorrow which is
why I'm trying to wrap up vlog and get
things done we spent you know pretty
much all day getting the video done so
now I am trying to get my video done
look at the back we have these like cool
lights that make the wall behind us look
like it looks kind of like a set which
is really cool but yeah we bought these
lights and we've been having a lot of
fun with them so that's been good I love
you guys so much and thank you for
watching the boy
today I'll see you tomorrow not for vlog
but for a real video which some of you
like when I mix it up like that and in
case you were going to say like why
don't you put this video on your second
Channel I'm doing two videos tomorrow
with Colin one of those going on my
second Channel one of them's going on
this channel so I figured I would just
split it up like that but it's gonna be
really funny and you guys are going to
really love Colin so get ready for that
love you guys I'll see you tomorrow
and happy birthday Marlon
