what's up guys hello future so I'm
recording this vlog on April 27 not sure
when you're gonna see it and still kind
of up in the air but my Apple watch is
coming today and Jenna's is not hers is
coming probably in two to four weeks
we ordered ours of the exact same time
and the moment we both clicked order I
got a sooner ship date than she did and
that's exactly what happened with the
iPhones - I got my first so this time I
didn't want to have it before she got it
I wanted to get them at the same time so
we can enjoy and discover them at the
same rate and I don't really want to
feel bad about you know using it and
talking to her about it because I'm
gonna be excited about it so what I'm
gonna do is it's gonna come today she's
gone right now she might be back before
it comes hopefully it'll come now but
what I hope is that I can grab it when
it comes and hide it in my closet
upstairs and pretend it didn't come when
she asks where mine is I'll tell her
through the shipments to later it's
processing or something and then the day
hers comes I will I'll tell her that
mines here - I really don't want her to
just like have to watch me enjoy this
new device without her so like I said
you're gonna be watching this in the
future but yeah hopefully hers come soon
because I want to play with that thing
watches here so I'm gonna go put my
closet right now
you know
all right now there's not watch the mama
Jenna's watch gets here I'll tell her
about that so we can enjoy together
that's all I'll see you guys later
back to the past now because it's not
the future yet ever watch when you guys
watch it she'll have her watch so today
is the day that Jenna's watch is coming
she got the shipment on a vacation so
we're staying at home and waiting for
her Maj to come and she keeps asking me
where's your watch where's your watch
like I don't know I guess it's stuck
processing or something I can't wait for
her to find out that mines been here for
a week she's sitting outside right now
she has no idea so soon as you get 0 oh
yeah that's what happens should be fun
that's the face of someone who has no
idea what's going on no idea what else
is new Jenna's Paris calvini here yes
yeah yeah hi Kenya's camp hello al carry
a scam yang is an periscope new parents
go whoa fuck you Dale well fuck you Dale
oh fuck you down Oh always the dough set
these guys is a person this is a big guy
real hey these friends of Julian loves
you
I'm sure moving a little bit I was just
a cutout he's waiting
only let the cutout scare your mom I
just pranked the shit out of her with it
did you open a prank the shadow to Jonna
you can go right there she dropped her
phone what
Marvell it's just the cut out don't
freak out me where we'll relax buddy
waiting for Jenna's Apple watch we're
trying to be patient but isn't it crazy
that yours is going before month
wow that's really sweet that's why yeah
that's only either we chew your marble
cos Clarion with a P and a square cut
did you get yours yeah what came last
week you kidding no I waited no I waited
really sweet like really now look I
thought it was finally gonna get
something okay I just want to explore it
together at the same time are you hiding
it my closet you know I haven't even
touched it
Ian I wanted to experience it at the
same time as you
yeah no I didn't know can we open yeah
we're gonna open them out so they came
and we're setting them up right now
while we eat mac and cheese that was
like the sweetest joke that anyone's
ever played on me did you like that
module is really sweet of you I really
just didn't want to have you watch me
open it and deal with it for the first
week I want to do it together so so I
did that to be much more fun now right
need to do it together send you dick
pics on heartbeats yeah we're having mac
and cheese cuz we're just like ravenous
we were waiting out front really well
like two hours UPS guy came at the end
of his Ralph's we're going to keep
setting them up now hello
I'm talking to you my watch like James
Bond is really fun we're literally like
a spy right now we're talking into our
watch
alright guys me Marvel I'm just hanging
out I'm having this s'mores Frappuccino
right now and it's blowing my fucking
mind
this thing is so good they have
something called marshmallow whipped
cream where it's literally whipped cream
its flavored like marshmallow but anyway
we are all winding down for the night
just chilling out playing with our
watches and also we got some cleaning up
to do this our house is a little bit of
a mess I love you guys thank you so much
for watching the vlog today and I'll see
you guys tomorrow for another vlog can I
help you can I help you okay
somebody wants my attention alright I
love you guys so much I'll see you
tomorrow alright say bye
let me go say bye everybody
okay bye
you
