board American Airlines bouncers or take
it off the tour all of your bags are
placed in the uppers
yes we just got to the hotel
I just finished parking my three cars
right there now seriously don't we just
got to the hotel waiting customers over
happy we're here
fuck you Dale fuck you Dale Jenna's
periscoping I'm talking about you we
just got into our hotel room and it's
feels like we're in Japan
it's very exact look at this door Oh
someone enter oh yeah we got to eat
dinner was freaking hungry right now
alright I'm gonna go hang out and
periscope but we got to go get food soon
so we're going to a sports runoff or
some food we're gonna get poutine how do
you say it wrong I don't know if that
means chicken
what no say it again wrong on all
accounts here
Vladimir Putin oh good joke
thanks Obama room one twisted fuck
as someone who used to use biking as a
form of transportation in college this
is one of the coolest things I've ever
seen it's a bike lane right this signal
only applies to the bike lane and then
there's this great lovely I mean I'm
sure there are certain places in the
United States with stuff like this but
I've never seen them this is really
awesome good morning from Toronto we
were trying so hard to caffeinate right
now and it's just not working maybe it's
just gonna hit us really soon and then
we're gonna be fucking great we're
waking up and getting ready we're gonna
leave in a couple hours for
meet-and-greet and a couple other things
Jenna's got to get ready so I think I
want to go work out because we stayed at
one of these hotels in Australia and
they have a great gym and then after
that we'll be on our way but hi Canada
you're beautiful so I am out on the
streets of Toronto it's fucking
beautiful today it's like a little bit
chilly but it's sunny and nice and
bright next cm tower anyway I'm off to
get a burrito because right around the
corner from our hotel we found this spot
that serves gluten-free burritos which
is like something I literally never see
so I'm gonna go grab a burrito right now
across the street while vlogging like a
complete foreigner and weirdo and then
head back to the hotel and then it's go
time then we're heading out soon and
the meeting great but from what I've
seen in this place I really really like
it Toronto is beautiful all right
burrito no we're in the green room right
now right before the meeting agreed I
was just going to do a portrait and it's
pretty quiet in here but I think there's
a lot of people out there so it should
be fun and also people keep telling us
that the square Dundas Square the mini
Canadian with Toronto version of Times
Square is pretty packed people have been
like waiting there for hours and we
won't be there till tonight but
supposedly that's going to be like a lot
of people are super fun and exciting and
we're on beanbags or just chilling
pictures always it's just a picture why
would I call it a picture there's a
portrait mode on your camera so does it
make it look like everyday
I just hey birthday save a life is crazy
Bethenny's dad that that's the real
question answer each other laughs about
that he's dad see my friends range in
each scene you're changing their gets
movie bone they love you
great candy I took a vlog on your blog
hijack your blog blog friends I vlog on
the blocky hey you look a fool you so I
just trying to sneak periscope Jenna and
she has notifications turned on so she
knows when that periscope that's fucked
alright fine I'm gonna do it for myself
too then you're never gonna ever you to
go sorry
so we're at this outdoor red-carpet
stage thing and Dundas Square in Toronto
it's like Times Square and it's
completely packed so we're like fenced
in in this little tent it's like it's
like a baby ghetto version of the Oscars
for people on the internet I guess but
there's a lot of people in there it's
really cool we are going to hit the red
carpet and look a little bit Jenna's
gonna walk it and Rome and I are gonna
just trail behind and
watch her and then she's gonna go on
stage but we're just chilling right now
stick your blog
so Jennifer gotta go on stage right now
we're here in Dundas Square I'm like
amazed at how big this thing is
like the entire square they shut down
the three
really exciting but yeah we just gonna
hit the stage she's gonna do some
questions and answers Marlee and then
we're gonna head back to the hotel
before we go to the party fans when we
get after Barney then we're gonna try to
watch the big box of night so yeah the
stage soon it's gonna be awful
back back I mean that snapback when I
say now help - nothing to get back home
when that mission came to make that
money around
it won't me but I really don't have time
I was just plugging and taking pictures
of Jennifer she did her thing and she
be on stage to take a selfie with her so
that's what that little footage was and
she's gonna do another thing
all right well this is goodbye from
Toronto for us we are heading out of the
hotel right now we're all packed up and
we're leaving for the airport but thank
you to everyone who came out to Fan Fest
and thank you to Rana for having us it
was a really really fun experience it
was just really positive and the event
was really put together like there was
no real problems we had so it was
awesome it was really great meeting all
you guys it was great seeing Toronto I'm
gonna hit the plane and get back home to
our little baby dogs but I thank you
guys for watching and I love you and
I'll see you tomorrow
in America right
