what's up guys we're uh for periscoping
because Jenna decided she wanted to
sneak on me with the periscope I wasn't
fucking paying attention and someone on
periscope acts to see vlog II saw I'll
deliver there you go hey this is Augie
say hi periscope this is the periscope
that Jenna started on me without me
knowing that's right
I draw sneak F sneak F say by blog so we
are getting ready to film Jenna's video
for the week I've kind of fallen into
the role of becoming her like tech
person when it comes to videos and
podcasts and everything in terms of
audio and video and I feel like just by
doing it over and over and like learning
new equipment and obviously just like
kind of looking up tutorials online here
and there I've learned kind of a lot and
even though our setup is still a little
ghetto because of our lighting situation
it's looking okay of course the new
camera has been awesome but it's also
kind of like a puzzle in terms of
figuring out that settings and I've been
doing a lot of research on that one
just to make sure like we're getting the
best picture we can possibly get because
you know pay a lot of money for the
camera so I think this video is actually
going to visually look the cleanest out
of all of the videos we've shot with
this camera anyway I'm gonna go upstairs
because I'm in this video we're doing a
challenge so I got to get myself ready
for a tech camera but I want to just
shows with you guys because I'm kind of
turning into a little bit of a nerd
about it and it's fun every week I get a
little bit better I learn one to new
things that make the experience better
it makes it you know easier to shoot or
look better or sound better I'm gonna
get going now just want to share you
guys calling rubble you cuddling you a
little sister you've duped ugh they're
being so cute it's so hot we're going
through this period right now in the
valley where it's just fucking like it's
Valley weather like it wasn't for a
while and then the last couple days it's
been like hottest shit look last night
it was like 7:30 and it was 90 degrees
so like it was dark out and it was still
90 degrees and it's fucking hot as hell
today but we have our hands full we have
a whole bunch of stuff that we're trying
to get done and somehow I'm not doing
any of it I want to work
before I do some stuff I don't know if
that's gonna happen we have to clean it
mouths we have to pack Jenna has to go
to the mall to get something to wear a
fan fest and I wanted to run a couple
other errands instead of doing any of
that
I'm sitting around drinking coffee and
talking to my camera hey guys I'd rather
talk to you guys anyway you're more
interesting than my busy boring errand
day but yeah that's kind of what is
happening today for me we will be in
Toronto until Sunday and then we get
back here we need to have a week off
before we have to travel again we are
now in the thick of it where's Jesus
like and I'm getting the podcast ready
for next week with Shane I should
probably get going and start doing
things you can get my body dressed and
oh shit I gotta do laundry - all right I
gotta do stuff so I just got a couple
errands done and my laundry is going so
I'm actually getting moving with the day
but I did want to say if you guys
haven't been paying attention to what's
going on in Baltimore and New York and
Philly with all the peaceful protests
now it's worth looking into and I really
think as a person who lives in this
country if you live in the United States
it's almost your duty to be up-to-date
on what's going on and I think it's
worth the time to know what's going on
it's very upsetting what's going on but
I think this is one of those cases where
it's actually going to make an impact
where something actually will be done
and change will be made so starting to
get serious for a second shit's getting
real real fast
also Congrats Jenna on 15 million subs
holy fucking shit fuck you Dale 15
million that's crazy fuck fuck fuck
be sure you watching TV you oh wow
they're both so hot today
like I kind of like it it completely
drains their energy whenever you want to
be okay yeah lower with those hydraulics
he's coming beep cam peep peep have a
good time though here's like a beep cam
Jonah's periscope removed without my
consent again that doesn't mean you're
not periscoping that means just you just
said I'm not periscoping all right prove
it let me see the screen
why do you parents Kobe I'm not even I'm
just editing it's boring Wow why would
anyone watch this miss Ethan zoom in on
the face that's the face of a wire why
don't you get ready so we can go you
have to get stuff not me this purse is
speaking my language
Julianne yo Abbott Julianne yellow baby
Julie installation tutorial completely
encumbered by music let's see ah this is
a good shoe because it gives you room to
breathe it can get really weird tamlin's
this is a good combo because now the
electric too yellow and you could say my
purse is doing yellow vivid I feel weird
this one is like an imitation Julian
yellow song you know what it's doing
good way these over here this is fake
this one's real so there's like double
so gives you the sense of dishonest how
also showing off your fame and richness
and one player this is Halloween someone
definitely found these at the beach and
then just like super moving on this shoe
I bet there's not even another shoe this
is way too early it's not even summer
yet there's like wow it seems that
they're not selling which makes sense to
me I don't think I would buy like this
is interesting
because right here peach could just like
eat that whole thing and then swallow it
and then it would be like that never
existed but then down here is like power
gear so that's cool he shows people that
you've probably been on like at least
three safaris before yeah this is just
copying God can you just be a little
more original card
up here is if you have extra chess
pieces in your purse you can just play
it on here when you're bored because it
doubles as a chess board
these are belts but I'm not really sure
how this could help hold your pants up
because they can't even hold itself up
someone's just ripped this down from
someone's curtains no no someone's gonna
be mad about that
this is like if you hooked a bunch of
your ACL and then it became about so
it's about as sturdy as you think it
would be so it's useless and then you
can fit your canteen in there and that's
perfectly shaped for a canteen
especially if you're like a marine this
is like a perfect item and it's fully
functional
this piece is great because it's really
thick in material and it can mop up the
blood of everyone that you slay while
you wear it if you want to pretend that
you're a dancer in Vegas then just wear
this in that you don't have to convince
anyone if you're looking for a way to
attach water bottles to your bike while
you ride do you want to do it in style
this is a great piece for that what
if you got sunburned then these shoes
are great because they'll match your
sunburn tone my fashion trailer baby
baby so we are getting down to the wire
of packing and getting everything ready
for a really really early wake up call
tomorrow morning to get on a flight to
go to Toronto for YouTube FanFest I'm
excited to go I'm excited to meet all
you guys and do everything that we're
gonna do at that event should be fun but
we really do need to just kind of finish
packing and get to sleep because we're
trying to get a little bit of rest
before this flight and this trip but I
love you guys so much and thank you guys
for watching the vlog I'll see you guys
on Tuesday for the next vlog I will be
vlogging fan fest and the trip so you'll
see that next week and also if you guys
want to see more of me over the weekend
and Jenna over the weekend we've been
having a pretty fucking epic periscope
war where she will periscope me when I'm
not paying attention and then I'll have
to retaliate by either doing that or
something worse
so we'll be around you'll see us this
weekend so don't worry I love you cats
I'll see you later
