so we we just fought guzzling like I
don't know like five hours ago Shane's
here hey I want to let you guys know
that you and Shane have something in
common no fun happy without me you and
Shane have something in common
apparently Shane watches these vlogs I
do you have that in common with him
because you're now watching this and he
told me that he got him like a rabbit oh
my blog the other night which is weird
because I'm like a 26 year old man and
I'm laying in bed eating Chipotle
because he told me to that's exactly how
I'd want it to be and I'm watching you
okay I did have to skim through one
because I felt really uncomfortable cuz
it was just you working out and I was
like so asn't were you in bed cuz how
was it bed watching and workout and then
I was wandering for good two minutes and
I'm like I should go to a different this
is fucking weird yeah nice to watch the
in bed in Chipotle I see it that's about
right I sent you a picture of me in bed
with Chipotle you did it was like I you
just got me on the Chipotle train and
then he sent me a picture of him eating
Chipotle sign no have you ever blogged
inside of a Chipotle cuz I haven't seen
one yet I did uh the day after my
birthday
Cheerilee telling such a polite oh
because we're kind of just like up
against the wall and it's always so loud
and busy in there okay
and hostile oh my god did you not did
you not also to say that this is my main
thing I just started going to poet I've
been there three times in the last week
because of you every chip away I'm into
everybody's an asshole that works there
why they're all meaning okay so my
experience is similar because what will
happen is like they'll serve me my
experiences like will serve me a portion
and I'll be like um actually can I get a
little more and they look at me like oh
is my skill not good enough for you
and I'm really like I'm just I just want
a little more like don't take him
personally but that happens a lot or
when I asked for guacamole and they're
like that's extra
I just I'm fucking Orphan Annie bitch I
got the 50 cent bitch I'm the body like
doing is oiling my that dirty that she
should add that extra though yeah and
then when I'm like oh no rice and then
they're like huh and then they do that
no I was talking to d-trix the you know
teacher
we were we were getting like fast food
with him and he was like you know I get
really like I get deeply offended when
I'm in a fast food place and ask for
sauce and they say oh but actually it's
going to be 50 cents extra
like oh no I guess
I gotta get the sauce like the way they
word it it's like you don't really want
to pay that right you should save your
money so ragged you a fucking piece of
shit Shane that's what I hear in my head
don't even ask for a salad at you pull
away they get so fucking mad yeah god
forbid you want to have lettuce with
your meal fuckin hey whatever so mean
but I go there so how do you not look
I'm just looking at this little gun yeah
you just train yourself I'm ugly I mean
so I don't I mean I look gross but like
nothing I look pretty good I mean vlog
II that's this bargain bargain makes
everyone look way better than sometimes
the vlog he makes people look really red
I've noticed in certain lighting yes
we just don't you call I haven't I've
watched a lot of the blogs but I've been
noticed you've called the audience
anything no I mean you know I'm in the
game no hmm he's here welcome again
oh-hoo made up salaam ease sloppy as a
rock mommy's little salami bites cause
it gets so dirty with bites after it I
think my favorite part about your blog
though is that pretty much every vlog
has a moment where there's youtubers
here there's whatever and your face is
red and then it cuts to the next morning
hey guys sorry I stop vlogging we were
wasted I don't know that's what you all
know that oh you're right though like
I've learned to what cuz what will
happen is all drunk blog and I'll wake
up in the morning I'll be like I really
am like cringing looking at all this
stupid shit everywhere I should just
keep my swash I should just keep that to
show you on the side and not post it
because Oh a little girlfriend over
there all right they're gonna ham it up
we got to eat some food it's like
fucking midnight damn it our podcast has
changed epic by the way get your bodies
ready it's going up next week it's gonna
get a good hallway I was thinking this
what I was thinking I was thinking we go
there with Shane that's pretty good I
would call it talking shit about YouTube
we did also go over to Shane's channel
and tell him to get a Bloggie he's
thinking about getting one
tell me get a vlogging I know I won't
know and tell Canon to pay me for doing
that we should go kick back kick back
kick back oh don't do that
oh my god so we stayed up to like 2:30
in the morning hanging out Shane he's
just like stayed and hung out with us we
had dinner and we shot a pretty great
podcast you guys will see it in a couple
days when Shane told me he watched my
blogs I was like no way but he was
talking about my vlog not it's like the
coolest thing I know the way that this
works that anyone can just kind of hop
on here and see my day and be like Oh
remember that day you went to Chipotle
and so much yeah as you know anyway
right now I am going to over it's like
11:00 in the morning
I'm going to Luber to go pick up Jenna's
car she had driven to her friend's house
the other night I had to pick her up cuz
you know she started drinking or
wherever oh here's my uber but yeah her
car's still there so I got to go grab it
that's what I'm doing she got to the
park right now Josh and I are gonna
throw the frisbee around he got this new
frisbee and it's supposedly insane it's
got like crazy pop on it and it just
goes forever so we're gonna throw that
around get some cardio in which I'm
excited about not having to sit on a
stationary bike to do cardio I'm going
to actually have some fun with that so
Josh might use here I'm just going to
stretch out a little bit and then we're
gonna throw it around hangout chat a bit
and then probably head back home
relatively soon help out with Jenna's
video today but yeah I got to find a
spot to put my shit so it doesn't get
either burned cuz it's like 90 degrees
or take it Josh made a new friend yeah
he doesn't want to leave Josh sweetheart
that dog just wanted to be Josh's friend
so that I want that dog to be my friend
forever it was so cute he just came over
and like lay down up against Josh and
then he would not leave it's like no
this is my spot now mom you can go
literally trying to drag him away he's
like I don't care I'm staying right here
he was not having it
wanna go hang out with that dog now okay
bye kids don't do what this guys doing
he's literally got a cigarette in his
mouth at the pump classic guy in a red
shirt is he about to have a Zoolander
moment we are just sitting in the car
right now because we went for a little
ride we had to get out of the house and
kind of just changed the scenery for a
sec Archana
so we got coffee with caffeinated and we
were going to pick up dinner we just
ordered it so we're gonna pick it up and
then head home and eat the food so we
can fuel our bodies to make da video
it's been an amazingly beautiful day
it's 7:00 p.m. right now and it is 93
degrees so it's been hot but it's so
nice out today I think I got a little
red to book you down somewhere
alright so we we were gonna pick up we
did pick up our sushi dinner and Jenna
got some chicken teriyaki but then as we
were going back to the car we saw this
place that's specializes in mac and
cheese as you can see by this pillow so
this place fooled me has mac and cheese
and what sold us is that obviously the
gluten mac and cheese starting it's - so
on top of dinner we both got mac and
cheese from this place that makes only
mac and cheese which genesis doesn't
really exist on the west coast
which are so harder than anyone
yeah so we're gonna play connect four
right here while we lay here yeah it's
like really festive I like this I'll
play connect four we wait for mac and
cheese the key telling me to make
something different so we're gonna dig
into our little mac and cheese right now
how cute that is she's really cool
this video is not even sponsored by just
a little mom-and-pop shops
I will it's Callie Chapman it's Kelly
Chapman I mean I don't know how many
affiliates they have but it's cool that
they just like are like so nice it's
like a pleasant environment you know
what this lis whatever Kelly Chapman is
was like fuck you guys I want to make a
mac and cheese fucking restaurant yeah
draw hearts on the back yeah no I mean
it and they wrote gluten-free just I
mean it's really nice anyway we're gonna
dig into our beautiful-looking mac and
cheese right now and our sushi also and
we're going to eat eat dinner and get
ready for Jenna's video but I'm gonna
close the vlog because we got so much
shit to do go excuse me girl you got a
little audience due today it's good it's
really oh fuck all right I love you guys
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you tomorrow for the last vlog of
the week all right
thank you
you're so
Oh
