hey guys what's up Jenna just returned
from shooting with Kingsley I can only
imagine how electric the two of them in
the same room work because he's awesome
we are going to this dance thing there's
like a dance competition my sister's
dancing in it d-trix is judging it so
we're gonna head over to Hollywood and
go do that now I really don't even know
what it is I think it's a dance
competition can I help you can you read
it says fuck you Dale yeah so I think
we're just gonna go check it out see
what's up and then come home and watch
the fight this UFC fight on tonight so
we ever recorded and we're gonna go
check this out and come back maybe have
some wings I don't know you get the
night started but uh thank you Audrey
for this amazing gift pillows bay
Jenna and I it's really nice down so
Jenna and I decided we want to bust out
the mince and play some cash
vlog you right in the nose oh you almost
got hit be careful watch this I'm
throwing it with my glove I'm gonna
throw it my glove yeah she missed it
classic Jenna
we just finished our podcast and Jenna
ran off to meet up with a friend and I
am now over on my way to Matt's house
Matt barolo he's our music producer for
all the shadows songs we're gonna work
on some stuff for me right now I learned
some stuff out with him he's like a
musical genius so it should be good and
fun and said if he got some sushi for me
so thanks for the sushi Matt Matt he's
working some serious magic right now
yeah you guys ready to see me dance to
this ridiculous so I finished up with
Matt we got a lot of great stuff done ah
that dude is seriously talented and I'm
super happy that he's helping me the way
he is but it was great really productive
shadows whoever's coming we're going to
bed right now gonna be up in the morning
around like 10:30 cuz Dom coming over
we're gonna work out together and then
I'm doing a couple other things tomorrow
but we're gonna hit the hay right now
it's a good night so see you in two
seconds two one morning guys currently
cavitating in this fashion throwback to
vlogmas when i think it was vlogmas
maybe it was after that when I poured
the 5-hour energy into the Red Bull I
remember that was but go back to that Oh
Dom is coming over in a few minutes and
now we're gonna work out a little room
upstairs or a little mini gym I gotta
formulate what we're gonna do and get a
nice workout going then after we are
done I have to go bring my car in for
service like an oil change and stuff and
then it's just coming back to the house
and taking care of a couple things we
also are gonna have to shoot another
podcast at some point this week so we
don't have to shoot one when we get back
from Toronto because we always like try
to bust out podcasts before these long
trips so we'll probably pick a day
before we leave and shoot a podcast but
other than that it's just a beautiful
day
okeyday out - beautiful day
go - go
four three one more do one more ah yes
it's okay I wasn't rolling because I
want you in the vlog I was rolling in
case you tell okay
oh wait touch it
push it is that what you're supposed to
do on that thing make it look easy
all the way dude
I know I already said it but it's such a
beautiful day out right now it's like
hot but it's really nice Dom just works
out with me it was it was awesome having
a pal do a little workout with me
because it's just like you know it's
monotonous working out alone do you guys
feel like if you have to work out alone
it's like just getting yourself to do it
and do it right it's like a task but
when you have a buddy it's like you know
we're doing it together we're in this
together so I'm glad you came over he's
going to come back over in a couple days
I think to work out again we're just
gonna get swole together pretty good job
nice and small he's gonna get me nice
and lean anyway I have headed over to
the Honda dealership to get my car
serviced because that's Brad Glen I'm
big ballin I Drive on then it's back
home take care of a couple things I'll
see you guys when something else
interesting happens fuck you Dale I
don't know if you've ever tried putting
eye drops in your eyes when the eye
drops have been sitting in a car it just
shocked me when I did
my eyes get like irritated some time
aside to put eyedrops in and I just put
him in and it was like hot if they were
sitting in my car and it was like the
weirdest sensation ever this kind of
feels like you're pouring about water in
your eyes I'm still waiting on the
shuttle
the shuttles gonna take
the currency shot oh they're so
courteous so courteous
I'll be paying and you so happy today
are you in a good mood it's the rarest I
think of the people tell me ball is in
happy mood is in rare cultural and
environment
this is his unnatural habitat being
happy I think he's a little flipper
so it's been a long wait and we were
eagerly waiting by the door I'm happy to
tell you guys that my Apple watch
finally came it's actually the addition
all night this is the gold one twelve
thousand dollars I think but I got on
sale for like five dollars Jenni's dogs
come in is enough watch guys Jenna just
hit 3.8 million followers on Twitter can
I keep saying peaches her dog pcs my dog
peachy girl what why why are you crying
I know
okay that's it for the vlog guys thank
you guys so much for watching
huh I love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow for another vlog now I'm gonna
try to understand my peaches crying
really loud piqu√© howling when I ask
her a question
live with me live lively me live with me
vlog vlog with me
