good morning from Carlsbad California we
are at this resort for a business
conference and we're up super early
because Jenna's got to get ready and
done up cuz we're leaving it like 8:15
so I'm heading over to the gym to do a
quick little workout we just had
breakfast and caffeinated a little bit
but it's so nice out here it's like the
air is crisp and the gray was or like
the convention but has everyone staying
at this really really nice resort it's
nice to get out of town even if it's for
a night that it's for business like just
smelling some different eras kind of
nice sometimes so I'm over to find the
gym right now and see what we're working
with because fuck you do try and get a
workout in I'll check back with you guys
after my workout or whatever this place
it's like Palm Springs legs so back at
the room shot and ready Jenna's about
ready to oh look who else is mean we're
gonna leave them in the room for about
an hour and a half when we go to this
thing
are you gonna get ready to be alone
peaches be really needy it's kind of
cute to follow me around and stuff you
know I don't know if it's just this
resort but this is just like a really
peaceful place it might just be the
result but it also might be Carlsbad
I've never been here before like it's so
nice it's nice to have a little rain -
oh we haven't again any rain where we
live I'll catch you guys a little bit so
we just got out of this conference and I
just wanted to say there was all agents
from this company CIA which Jenna is a
part of because of her agent is the
seeing age
and it was it was really like a
extraordinary experience watching her up
there on the panel capture all of these
people who are such normally old media
you know traditional media working with
filmmakers and big stars really like
lean in and listen to what Janet had to
say and she got everyone on there to
I was just listening and of course you
know she has such great things to say
but it was a really crazy experience
hearing her talk to these people who I'm
so used to just like not giving her any
sort of respect as what she does
whatever you want to call it what she
does and you know there were people
coming up to her afterwards like people
in suits everyone was so taken by how
she was straight up and how her story
went and in the way she was able to talk
to such an esteemed group of agents
there was like almost 700 agents who
worked for some of the top talent in the
entire world in that room and Jenna was
just being Jenna and it was so amazing
to so many people just to watch her like
to hear her story hear her opinion on
how media is you know how she feels like
we don't have to switch to traditional
media we can do what YouTube is or
follow this internet path and it was
just really wild experience then we're
really really proud of her it was cool
thing so we're gonna head back to the
hotel now and see the Ducks just wanted
to give you guys that little know hey
guys so Jenna's radio show is playing
right now the YouTube 15 on Sirius XM
for those of you who don't know she
hosts a radio show on Sirius XM hits one
channel where she counts out the top 15
trending and emerging songs on YouTube
this week our buddy Mikey who puts the
show together told me he wanted to maybe
put in vlog with me and one of the
sweepers that go between the song and
this app the Sirius XM one app is on a
delay and I just heard it on the regular
time and they put it in so I want to
wait till it comes on and play it for
you I'm just so happy I got to this in
time because I thought I missed it but
it's fucking sick my keep it put our
song blog with me on Sirius XM that shit
went everywhere that she went globe
looked really cool Thank You Mikey yeah
man he did this with nightmare fuel -
it's fucking the coolest thing how he
just he lumps me into this and supports
really crazy but hey channels run
serious
you ready here come
I love you my phone my boyfriend
I know I know so I'm headed over to my
meet-up at Woodland Hills Park I'm super
psyched to just like meet all you guys
and see all your faces and hug you and
should be really fun so I'm heading over
the park right now so awesome those of
you who signed up to come excuse me
excuse me
classic ways
I know geez classic how rude are you
right now ways I'm really excited to be
you guys hear faces and hug you because
that always just really cheers me up and
it's something I'm excited for right now
get your hugs and your selfie skills
ready I'm coming coming okay I'm coming
just got to the park and I see there's a
few people people haven't really started
filling in yet but I guess they're
starting to form a line maybe I should
sneak around yeah you guys came out to
see me
it's fucking wild
he's rocking the sort of fun headband
thing and so we've been through the same
things rockin it down like that thank
you and I want to get like speech are
you going front row can we hire I have
the best friend leaving the meetup right
now that was absolutely a blast everyone
who came it was so nice meeting you and
chatting with you and hanging out
special thanks to the celiac disease
foundation for partnering up and helping
out and it was just all around a great
event Jenna showed up with peach and it
was really cute and say thank you to
everyone who came
means a lot we're heading out right now
and we're gonna think it's sensible they
may be fuck you Daleks boy I'm just
caravanning my agenda right now so we'll
get a little bit have some food Jenna's
gonna shoot with someone and make some
videos I think and then tonight we we
aren't sure we're doing yet I'll check
back with you guys before it gets black
I'm so tired I just got home and laid
down and realized how exhausted I was
but uh peach right here Marvel's up
there and cinnamon and buzz-buzz is here
because Brett is uh he had to go to a
wedding so we're watching buzz for him
and I'm gonna close the vlog I just want
to say thank you guys so much for
watching today it was awesome meeting
y'all today at the Meetup I can't wait
to do more of that stuff and it's really
cool that we get to do it while also
like raising awareness for celiac
disease I'm gonna link the celiac
disease foundation in the description
they're awesome so just check that out I
love all you guys today at the meet-up
some people brought me some amazing
gifts and I want to show you them just
I'm pretty tired and I'm gonna end the
vlog right now but I'll show you them in
tomorrow's vlog they're pretty great one
of them was a pillow that says fuck you
Dale on it so it's probably one of my
favorite gifts I've ever received
so thank you guys for all the stuff you
brought I love you guys thanks for
watching and I'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog all right thanks
