what's up guys this is such an up angle
what okay wow that was a violent intro
it's Thursday afternoon Jenna just
recorded her show and we are going to
Carlsbad California for a conference
with a lot of people in suits and
Jenna's gonna do a speaking thing at
that conference so I'm gonna tag along
with her and so it our three little
furry children it's a good that's
basically what it is there's people who
are suits and our business people and
Jenna has been invited to speak with
mystery guitar man and one other person
I can't remember at this conference oh
she's going to speak at that but right
now I'm gonna go to the PIO box and get
kind of a couple things that we have
waiting there and I might come back and
open a few of them for you but yeah
we're gonna run the Carlsbad
which is like two hours away then we're
going to come back tomorrow which is
Friday which is when you'll be watching
this and then we're kind of done for at
least a week and if I go to YouTube
FanFest next weekend in Toronto but
there's a little downtime we're kind of
chillin right now and I'm just kind of
getting things together cleaning the
house on a run get some food get some
peel boxes stuff is and then then I'll
be back but I want to say hi to you and
I want to pick up blogging off the desk
but I had breakfast with Josh earlier
which was nice I got to see him haven't
see him in a few days I don't know I
think I need food I always feel like I
need caffeine but then I sometimes just
need food traveling are you my trap
Queen just want to be your traps okay
you're my trap Queen all right so I want
to save the best for first
I'm opening peel box top saying cuz I
got really nothing to blog and I figured
we got some stuff waiting soul shape oh
there we go see you're gonna like this
get yours ready
hold on can you get your foot I'm a
fakie sir okay my traveling is to do
what I say alright y'all don't think
you're ready for this I'm not gonna show
you the packaging I don't know seriously
I'm not gonna show you the packaging
this is gonna be epic
for the
you who follow us and follow what shows
we watch I want to draw a cat for you I
want to job okay yeah this is from him
oh this is from Steve me draw cats for
people I work two jobs a cat for you I
want to draw a cat that's us oh that's
so exciting
this guy was on Shark Tank okay and then
he randomly dms us on Twitter
Jews Kermit yeah his peaches over there
we're cat oh my god he was on shark tank
and he got funding for something a
business where he basically just draws
cats for people it's incredible thank
you Steve save his address we should
have drawn something back you just
google I wanted yeah I just go go come
on a joke happen so we got a new cat
drawing this is gonna go up in the
podcast room I gotta keep this nice whoa
whoa ninja turtle balls hey me words
balls
spider-man balls they're like dog toys
you guys got spoiled yeah these are
pretty cool PC
oh jeez don't they but I'm not sure
mommy oh these are fun for like playing
yeah I want to play Amy Riggins
Patterson thinks the dogs have their
note taupe and we're not going to touch
that this is awesome romance is epic
poster this is really really cool they
have a whole section for you a whole
section for me thank you you guys are
really sweet whoa
that's Jenna okay that's podcast wall
see you go take it
jenna Marbles into intergalactic space
cream Oh Felicia sent us this thanks
Felicia bye oh my god this is carved in
the wood J and J's kitchen this is so
awesome Felicia don't bother you should
do it with like the wood burning Alicia
don't know me I don't want to say bye
Felicia
you better stay this is really cool
I love it my eye uses a nice summer man
like Scout thank you for your service
oh really sweet enough thanks Natalie
I'm not telling you guys what it says
though secret secrets are fun only when
they're not for everyone right this is
for you this is from Emily an admissions
counselor at Northern Illinois
University we didn't get to meet like
that that's so mean Oh bleep go she's
got the need udon oh my god Jenna
doesn't get to see it before the vlog
goes oh my god thank you for your
service oh my fucking god ah look at it
like check my fucking Twitter and
picture my god oh my god they literally
just pasted a cutout picture woman
waiting to on my I'm offended spc Kermit
1968 I'm dead
that is amazing I'm actually dead full
Marbella it's an my pal named mark hell
yeah I love that
Oh also thank you to blu-ray you sent me
this shirt and a bunch of other really
cool shit I'll link their website below
they got across themselves my daughter
Lexi has nonverbal autism she loves when
it imitates a phone
thank you guys
oh this is really cool oh this is a
wooden crack made by Aaron thanks Aaron
really cool oh that's so listen the
coolest art to us man yeah I just stuck
my finger in her mouth
oh god why me edit oh oh oh
holy crap spreading peace love and
fuckery we're we're superheroes peace
love and fuckery that's so cool love
this art man you guys are so fucking
talented justine made that thing Justine
Cameron you asked for this to be a vlog
and you shall receive
this is really cool thank you Cameron
made this and send it to us requesting
and being a vlog so like this press Oh
shots it's a good touch thanks for your
phone over Cameron it was the phone
this is Cameron Cameron you're very
sweet thank you for sending us all that
stuff oh the courgette a letter thanks
Nicole
crossing Nicole Lauren smiley sent us
this our epic cool style actually just
hashtags a little bit in place - um
that's fucking gross guys you guys are
being disgusting Kermit what such as
headphones for the TV fucking awesome
Jenna can watch TV while I sleep at
night yeah Freddy said does this gift
from Amazon sour penis candy and says
because why not
from Freddy I like you Freddy oh there
we go
evened it out gummy boobs yes the gummy
boobs are gluten-free you can have all
the dicks though okay last last gift
okay before everything delves into
madness I'm here trapped clean
every bottle this is a great box and we
actually need storage this is cookin
their tailor thoughtful gift do this the
great box
tailor way to think outside the box you
guys are all really way too sweet thank
you for sending us all this great stuff
if you ever want to send us stuff I
always link the Bo box in my
descriptions and so does Jenna there's a
lot of letters which I'll get to later I
just don't afore you by reading letters
I want to jump a cat for you I want to
go OK I'll link that below and also this
company's you check out their stuff but
thank you guys for watching yeah and if
you guys are in the area tomorrow I'm
gonna be at Woodland Hills Park at 12:30
with celiac disease foundation do a
meet-up free so come by there's info my
description Jenna are you gonna be there
oh yeah I love you guys have a great
weekend and I'll see you on Tuesday say
bye why bye Jenna can you clean this all
up no thanks my new track clean can you
clean up
I'm your track team hey can you clean it
up I'm taking your chances now waking up
out of bed a rock past page headed to
the bathroom to start my day but wait I
need to grab my vlog eat agreed my
internet
