I have literally just got a bed I have
to leave the house in like 30 minutes to
remember me with law school and while I
get ready and why don't you talk to you
for a second
first of all this stuff I bought
yesterday because of a lot of your
guys's recommendations and let me tell
you it's fantastic is so nice for my
beard so I wanna put some on right now
yesterday I was putting together a swing
the other an extras video from the
Tennessee trip not so last-minute trips
extras video and while I edited it I
propped the camera up really quickly
without looking and thought it'd be cool
if I like keep you commentary while I
added it so I did that so for like 15
minutes
I was just editing and talking to the
camera and editing autonomy of the
camera there was no memory card in the
camera it's like I didn't even fucking
check then I finished editing and I was
like I don't even know if I would have
really liked that video I just kind of
was trying it so like maybe it was a
blessing in disguise
then I woke up today like five minutes
ago
just like really like meeting I wanted
to make something tonight I'm gonna be
taking Jetta up to Big Bear for her
birthday
I booked us a little cabin and we're
gonna be doing sort of like a getaway
for the weekend to celebrate Jenna's
birthday which I've learned his birthday
she was most tuned like the least and I
respect that because everyone has all
these crazy elaborate plans or hopes for
their birthday and I love that Jenna is
just
like I want to do as little as possible
and if you could help me do that that'd
be great and my thoughts are I can't
wait because I love Big Bear and it'll
be a lot of fun also every time to bring
the camera even if I'm just shooting
nature because Big Bear is just so damn
beautiful so I think it's safe to say
I'm pretty excited about this weekend I
spent time in Chiba
up there it's pretty much the best thing
ever by the way yesterday when I asked
you guys on snapchat to send me some
beer product suggestions half of you
guys sent me pictures of razors like
half said here here's a good solution
for your beard I wanted to mention last
night I streamed on Twitch for I think
almost 4 or 5 hours and if you never
hung out in twitch chat I want to let
you know one thing that's really cool
and I think it was shown last night was
it was kind of a chill stream because
the notifications didn't go out so there
were as many people and I was pretty
like invested in the games I was playing
it was like pub G and we were playing
squad so I was talking to my team and
you know I kept checking on chat as much
as I could and but for the most part
chat was like entertaining themselves
like that's what's so cool about the
twitch scene is that sometimes when I'm
on there you guys are just like hanging
out with each other in the chat sort of
just like a group of people all you
Dinks who are like at a party together
and you're all just fucking literally
talking to each other and even the final
talk for fucking five minutes you guys
are good just hanging out which is so
cool to me
so if hanging out like cuz that's
something I used to do in college I
would find like a few different online
communities where I could like converse
with other people about the fact that we
like the same thing and I think when Ken
does that it's incredibly rewarding
please excuse the dirty shower
hi my plan is to take a spirit as
seriously as I've ever taken a beard I
want to really make this thing work and
I think using these beer products have
helped already a lot and I want to tell
you something and I think this might
sound like a little bit insane but we've
we are just finishing a week two of our
like vegan being you know diet plan
where we're eating a lot of plants and
vegetables and all the time and it's
actually like a great diet like I enjoy
it but I've noticed that on those two
weeks a beard has grown really full so
I'm not sure if I'm going crazy or if
I'm having a good beer week or two weeks
but I think my dad is helping my facial
hair grow like really well like
significantly I am just about ready whoo
that's it
actually finally got myself one of these
after Jenny convincing me over and over
so I finally did and I love it use these
eye drops these are the ones that help
keep me hydrated in the eyeball look
what I found you on are you doing to get
ready with me get ready with us I take
like a daily hours be felt and then I
take my inhaler because you boy has
asthma I gotta take peach outside
oh man it is so beautiful and early yes
I know I just said that bird I seriously
need someone to help me go shopping
after realizing because I have a meeting
today that I have like 1 polo shirt so
maybe I need Jenna to help me I can help
her yesterday by the way yesterday if
you haven't seen it I shopped for Jenna
it's a fucking beautiful morning I'm
going off to have hopefully a really
great day and a really awesome weekend
after that I hope you guys are off to a
wonderful day
night or weekend yourselves and now it
is time to put my pants on
