I usually stop it when I pull out vlog
you like I'm gonna do something naughty
we're one of them all right now pick out
clothes to wear to upcoming events for
Jenna
cuz girls need so many clothes classic
girl look at her hair
damn that's the party parrot over there
this picture I said Wow Jenna ception
yes so much Jenna I want all the Jenna
walkie get out of the way I can't see
the road but liquid Jenna shops warrant
if Anissa teka teka Marin Tiffany's and
taking a teacup to me and Jenna's
getting in the back for her earring
milady that you just shot that's a lie
she's gone she got out so quickly she's
got a final weird Jenna what are you
looking for
Kevin acorns
I love Kevin anymore we're going to talk
to you about makeup now but
so this one's good for like a natural
book but if you want to go highlighter
that was good and then this is good for
about 16 hours
since we're like a classy and light man
look and then if you want to have like a
lip thing that's good and then this just
makes a big mess then this is for your
lips I think that's a good exhibit fish
and exhibitionist it's good Menace if
you were feeling really daring I'll go
this one because it's like menacing and
then if you want nobody to see you but
you also want to be wearing makeup this
camel one is perfect and it's a pink
leopard and then purely like mornings
this is perfect collection for you
because is sunrise and then it's also
toasted like toast for breakfast oh my
god and you can look at yourself in the
mirror which is really fun wave to
yourself it's the morning and then if
you're feeling a little daring the
French tickler it tickles but it's also
gold and black so you know you're not
messing around
so luminescence on that one and then the
chocolate bars when you're feeling a
little more sweet especially that one oh
I messed that up we leave now that's it
for today's makeup lesson
that's a dog barking I am just finishing
up a little workout as you can see by
this gross little sweat mark on my shirt
sorry about that right now as you can
see I am setting up stuff for Jenna's
video today it is Wednesday for me not
for you because she is going to shoot a
video for her main channel and I'm gonna
use that camera today and that takes
some pre-production so I'm just getting
everything sort of set up she's still
writing the video it's gonna be pretty
funny but we also have to go out and buy
a couple things props for the video but
I wanted to check in with you guys and
say what's up I'll be pretty much busy
with this all day but I'll be able to
vlog and say how do you guys while I do
it and also I wanted to say that vlog
with me finally went live and I can't
even explain how happy I am how much you
guys liked it like I kind of know what
the reaction was going to be and you
guys really liked it so thank you for
liking it let's write the camera now how
do I camera public camera
can you guess RAM right away chop trying
to find that and I think we did she's
going to get us one right now this place
is like hardcore wigs
I think MOC might need to take a trip
here so right as I put down a Bloggie
and that wig start I got yelled at for
vlogging in the Winstar well they were
like are you are you videotaping our
store and I was no no I'm just
videotaping myself but the question is
like if I was videotaping your store
it's almost only possible you just be
getting exposure to your store why would
you yell at me and then we almost didn't
want to buy a wig because you were mean
to me but we did we bought a wig the
wakes down there and that bag also with
a bunch of energy shots and DirecTV sent
us a new thing because it broke
so now I have to completely replace it
and somehow not it up so bad that
they have to come to our house because I
don't want them in our Hospital want you
in our house you're not welcome here
 you Dale TV Jenna's gonna look so
much like Hillary Clinton it's gonna be
hilarious but I'm gonna start editing
the vlog so sign off with you guys
really soon I just wanted to show you
some stuff Oh check this out Jenna's
Apple watch charger came it became real
today it's not just a novelty hmm I'll
see you guys in a few is how I get peach
downstairs beachy girl
did you hear the sound of tree maybe I'm
not gonna give it to you maybe I just
wanted to see your face are you just
here for the treats excuse me miss
excuse me miss what's your name oh you
still sound like dead things I think she
rolled around something dead outside oh
is this how you came down force it sweet
good yeah good speak if you guys ever
trick your dog's in the coming like to
you if you're a different spot in the
house let me know how you do it cuz I
could use more tricks she will just go
where the pack is if Jenna and them are
upstairs
she's going to go with them so when
they're all up there and I'm down here
alone and I want some company Oh crinkle
the bag a little bit and then she'll
come running down Petey girl there's no
more for you
that's it good hydration she's like can
you let me drink I'm about to
shoot a video with it's my biggest
collab yet guys her name is Miss Hillary
Clinton that wig is our eyes oh god what
have I done have I done mrs. Clinton yes
um are you going to talk to us about
your presidency kandacy today or you can
talk about your fleet doubt jacket so we
just finished shooting Jenna's video and
then we cooked a really awesome dinner
I'm not even going to show you it in the
video I'm going to show a picture of it
took with vloggy because pull on you
take such incredible pictures that's
what it looks like but yeah we we we
have nice little date night cooking
together we didn't really feel like go
to JJ's kitchen or at least I did
because I just wanted to hang out but um
we're just gonna eat our dinner right
well you know I love you guys thank you
for watching the vlog you can look at
yours really electric app yeah put it
out in the world yet no one has seen it
yet for use on Instagram Street whoa
whoa but almost along next reflex I love
you guys thanks for watching and I'll
see you tomorrow for the last log of the
week okay bye blah blah
waking up out of bed I walk past page
headed to the bathroom to start my day
but wait I need to grab my vlog II to
greet my internet
