hey we're at the sex club is Jenna's
first time ever at the sex club I'm
gonna get sexy right now Brett's here
too yeah she was the Atsushi oarfish so
I'll just see a lot of sushi and they're
in place of her it's not eating any
sushi we're waiting for Josh we'll need
for Josh hurry the fuck up guys we
hungry yeah that's cool do you know who
I am
I am someone who is wearing a hat like a
normal person not with him but Christ
wear hats like this all the time and I'm
doing it now oh now we're gonna watch
David has so weird
so we're gonna podcast a little bit and
d-trix is coming over to be on the
podcast but I'm really excited a to have
a guest and be for it to be d-trix
because I absolutely love him
Jenna is watching the Shorty Awards
right now because she won a shorty award
which is pretty awesome best YouTube
comedian which is cool but we had to
record like a an acceptance speech for
her cuz we're not in New York cuz we
would lose our minds if we were there
right now because there's been so much
traveling as it is but yeah
Dom's coming over in a little bit and
we're in a podcast and hangout and I'll
probably vlog a little bit of that just
want to check out the yes I've been so
excited to see that vlog with me is
finally like on the Internet as a music
video and as a song so if you guys
haven't check that out I'll link it
below it it's awesome
it turned out really great and it made
me that much more excited for the
shadows who are flammable I'm uploading
a vlog right now and I'm a little
confused that one of the suggested tags
because when you upload a video there's
tags and they suggest tags based on the
tags you already put in which is
basically words that are keywords for
your video so people search those words
your video comes up this is a tag and I
cut suggested with my birthday video I'm
not sure why um Luke encephalopathy why
are you a suggested tag year so random
that's the laughs we didn't even see it
was just the audio Congrats on the
shorty award so Dom's almost here and I
just popped into my new shirt which I
want to show you guys there's a giraffe
in a tank it's this company called army
animals they just sent me some stuff
it's not a sponsor they just have a
really good cause
they basically raise funds for animal
shelters so every purchase of their
shirts and their stuff goes toward that
but they have a really sweet design so
you know they were like hey can we send
you some stuff so I was like yeah and
it's super comfortable and there's a
giraffe in a tank on it that's all you
need to know Dom's gonna be here any
minute now I'm just like prepping with
all of our gear and getting the podcast
form all set up which is a lot of work
it's not easy it's not easy being a
podcast legend I'm just kidding
oh yeah so we're just we're off rockin
this right now the ring light is gonna
stay away from the podcast for now
because we're afraid of it blowing up so
we broadcasted with dong it went really
well
and he hung out for a little bit after
at our place and then he invited us over
so we got our stuff together and
uploaded the podcast and now we're over
going to see Dom so we're gonna hang out
Dom for the night like like real friends
Inhumans it'll be fun
hopefully I don't have to pay the meter
cuz I got a ticket here with them and
friends now at a dancer so we're all
going around to like five different fast
food restaurants right now getting cheap
meal on Monday because Dom myself and
Jenna all agreeing can you not sir-sir
Oh lots of hot sauce Taco Bell's imamat
we're going we're going in tonight
this is cheat day for the rest of year
until next Sunday and Monday and ease
into nowhere it's an apology yeah so you
can in the comments below just judge me
okay
so now I'm at Dom's house can you tell
he doesn't drink and just only consumes
Mountain Dew they sponsored him to the
point where he cannot do anything else
nobody bad people don't like Mountain
Dew well look how strong he is he's
moving a whole cat for us did you smooth
that home cause I was impressive yeah do
you hear that he's doing the theater for
us we know this fast food well he makes
a theater well you watch movies on the
Internet
we paid for so I'm left alone right now
with two completely pathetic 80s one
wouldn't stop chasing Jenna who just
left to the garage and the other his
shit bell ring like there's no chimney
area
What's Wrong Kermit the face of pathetic
fucking anyway my mom's coming over for
a copy and just to hang out she's
bringing her little doggies so that'll
be happening Jevons just left to get her
hair done and right now I decided I was
gonna close the vlog for today what that
doesn't mean I'm gonna stop blogging
I'll vlog the rest of the day would just
go up tomorrow but I wanted to say that
I really enjoyed having Dom on the
podcast and hanging out with him and I'm
just like really happy that we're
hanging out with him more because he
just really is person and it's not every
day that you find someone who you can
get along with as well as we get along
with d-trix and also he's just a quality
penis and he's funny as shit so I'm glad
you guys are enjoying that podcast we'll
have to have more again at some point
yeah that's gonna be it for me today
peachie you have anything to say any
last words yeah she says where's mommy
cuz I don't care about daddy hello I
just arranged a playdate for you and
you're not even paying any attention
do you even carry them oh now you're
crying oh okay really
nothing idea what she's doing I love you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow all right
