hey guys
we're captaining right now we're about
yawns packed out so I can go home to a
dark sea glass there's team legs number
one two legs over seventeen regular
three
such a foreigner sorry not sorry I'm a
great cinematographer catchy and cheers
the Cathy
what's up guys so it's the day after me
but we're really kind of celebrating it
today because we're not like lying and
doing stuff so we started not getting
table eating lunch and we're the head
over the hill to get some cupcakes but
we're going to have some people over
tonight and then to be fun we're just
really kind of having a day
today we were flying and even though we
got to see John and Brian on a microchip
in the daytime we didn't have much to do
so our genders are taking me around
getting me a burqa
guys driving in a Jeep like one of those
gutted jeeps with his foot just hanging
out the side of the car it's ridiculous
still doing it yeah look its foot
Virginia plates is what's just dangling
like look at that I mean I've seen
people on motorcycles and bikes do that
but you're in a car or sir but guys we
are Melrose we're like in the middle of
West Hollywood or Hollywood or somewhere
and we just went to the adidas original
store and got remember the Jenin I got
like complete fucking she got a whole
outfit it's the most amazing thing ever
and we're gonna wear it to dinner
tonight into our house we have people
over oh hi we're gonna look so bleak and
Jenna got me his hat another hat she's
just like the best girlfriend in the
world making my birthday all happy I
love you too
ninjetta just met a guy who lived in
Rochester when you grow up - anyway
we're gonna do a couple more things out
here get some cupcakes and then head
home weak guys did you know that the
future is female all right so we're in
creation right now we got some juices
you like that is we got these things
which look like the syringes whole
gradient orange stuff but it's just like
juice and superfood apparently drinking
right
this is that shot never happen
this is copy and cold-pressed copy and
copy
so now we get energy nada we have our
super food
takes amazing alright
I tell you what
are you doing Bret are you trying to
fucking hog-tie those things so we just
got all the shit we needed for my party
tonight we have close to 15 maybe a
little more people coming and uh Bradley
from BevMo
on Sepulveda in the valley is dope Thank
You Bradley he helped us out a lot and
I'll show you what I mean we got an
entire keg cups beer more beer water
more beer fireball a tub disposable
coolers ice on ice on ice another cooler
mountain dew for dump maybe really
ratchet tonight I'm so excited it's me a
lot of a lot of people and we seem to be
prepared and Jenna's cleaning the house
and getting dinner and it feels like my
birthday
Bradley Bradley cigarette that mo is
Bradley a bad mother oh god right yeah
Thank You Bradley you made this all
possible
gotcha Bradley so Brett initially had to
leave at midnight tonight because he had
work but he just got work off and I'm
gonna surprise Jenna by telling her that
he had to work now and he can't come at
all and then Brett's gonna come in and
tell her that huh that he does not throw
job so we're gonna try to sneak on here
to go to work already
Yeah right now and then he's going to
figure out without going
I know it's a little pop yeah is he
gonna work until 6:00 in my room he just
left oh my god I thought you were
vlogging you walked in here with you get
you first white baby please yeah because
it was a perfect opportunity
aren't you happy he's a fucking leader
oh my god my birthday it's a birthday
here go why am I so easy to play I don't
know but I can't like oh my god I'm so
angry
I want to show you to set up before the
party get started because you know how
it is let me start drinking I can only
vlog so much and then some of what I've
lost so inappropriate and I can't use it
first I want to show you oh before I do
any of this just for like the three of
you guys out there that we're going to
tell me this is all sponsored zero is
sponsored no sponsors right here we got
Sprinkles Cupcakes three boxes fam legs
got mad cups on cups on cups war cups
over here and then we have disposable
shot glasses we got our cake tap or cake
ready to go in here we got our fireball
on ice more ice more stuff on ice and
then there's literally just ice and is
cooler and cupcakes and cupcakes I
already show the cupcakes and then
here's our fridge mad beer
Mountain Dew because d-trix is coming
water chips chips chips chips and then
chips look how clean Patrick is so clean
basically that's kind of the situation
we cleaned up the house Jenna really
fucking killed it today for my birthday
so thank you baby and yeah people are
going to start coming over in a few
hours we got pizza on the way
next time you guys see us we're gonna be
so freaked out you just get your eyes
ready cuz I don't even know if you've
seen fleek before this is fleek and if
you guys are ready to say that we're not
pleat fuck you Dale
we're fleek so Marvel would you get me
her birthday what do you mean nothing
you just got me love I'll take love
love is fine cuz from view it isn't
every day that you get that he's so he's
got that rough exterior but when he
loves you it's like he can love me you
know I fed marbles the other day and I
think for the first time ever while I
was putting for you down he didn't like
attack me because sometimes when I used
to do that he would think that every
time I was placing food in front of him
he was getting food taken from him me
and him have been working on our
relationship and so last couple times
I've done that every time I put food
down he just like looks away any weights
and then that's what he does with Jenna
so I was like really cool so I wanted to
show you these shoes that Jenna got me
today for my birthday we went to the
Adidas store on Melrose and she got me
these shoes they're brand new like in
the store they just got released or
something and here they are okay so
these are the shoes when light hits it
it gives off the craziest colors and now
I'm gonna take a picture really quick so
that is basically what happens when you
take a picture like on snapshot I did a
picture and I turned on the flash and it
gives off all these colors everyone's
coming over soon the pizzas gonna be
here soon so I'm gonna get dressed let's
see the outfits of the night there we go
look at that fucking jumpsuit and then
these shoes I picked these ones out sick
I think even Josh would be jealous those
high-tops does shirt and dot pants at
dasha so this just came here alright and
this is a pizza it's not gluten free
immersive it's a spectacle
alright we got two these chili didn't
believe me I didn't awfully
bleh no one is going to be hungry at
this party
this is fuckin amazing a two of these
how do you get it out of the oven and
how do you get it into that much
everything big things and the spider
things you know the tray whatever I
don't know specialist I don't know words
and the timid side ways to get into the
tour he really didn't tipped it sideways
to get it in here in the ward
that's the mustache I've missed for so
long I don't want to look at it washing
never wash my hands I do that
I literally posted his graphics remember
anytime more than twenty three crib
stopped me there's a video by Rage Gator
this is Andrew we went ice cream
he's my best friend in the world for
playing rage Gator this is where
you
I am just son dating right now we had a
pretty awesome time last night I can't
even explain to you how amazing it is to
have such positive people in my life who
like are so loving and everyone who came
over last night was just amazing and it
was everything I could have asked for at
her birthday party so I got up a little
while ago we didn't sleep too much you
know Jenna really spent a lot of time
cleaning house yesterday and I'm just
kind of finishing the job now because no
getting rid of the party stuff and
whatnot later on tonight I'm going to
dinner a little kind of belated birthday
dinner with Josh and kollene and Brett
and I'm excited about that I love you
guys and thank you guys for watching and
I'll see you tomorrow for the next vlog
all right
