again
okay we're gonna
this guy
like
don't plug Excel while we tell you
view and you'll see it perfectly one
funny
you down well honey from Ruthie stole
the windows he so I can't do time lapse
Silvano
different different different powers in
Chicago now we're waiting for facts I'm
gonna get a rental car drive all the way
to Champaign or a bun the champagne
champagne like two and a half hour drive
so I think what we'll do is we'll get
our car and then go get some food
room is in there being important
somewhere but we'll get our bags and
then trying to so we made our first stop
at $0 pizza that because we're in
Chicago I feel like that was kind of
appropriate for us for starving
have some pizza and then we're gonna hit
the road and we're gonna try to eat some
Chicago and then get moving I'll show
you HD
stress Julianne Katya oh yeah weird
Champaign Illinois Oh itch that's our
hotel there's a cool little downtown
area so it looks like country for a
while and then we got to like where
there's like a nice little city mini
town thing so we're gonna check into the
hotel it's early late because we're
tired we never really sleep but there's
a cool looking place we saw a little
baby fox right across the street which
is something that made us remember that
we're not in LA anymore baby fox hey
guys good morning from Champaign I just
walk down the street to grab some lunch
for us because there's not really that
much food at our hotel but I really like
this town it's like a small little
college town and I'm digging the fog
tonight a little change from the valley
I always loved Fargo you guys know that
anyway Jenna is hustling right now to
get ready she's getting her like entire
radio show done right now while also
getting ready for the question and
answer and meet-and-greet that we're
going to tonight also we have a dinner
to go to tonight it's like a student
hosted dinner so kind of a lot but she's
handling it well and we're kind of just
crushing she's crushing let's let's
correct that champagne ting really hard
right now do some activities stretch it
out a little bit get a little swallow
yeah I'm trying to get a quick little
workout in before things really get
going and we start getting ready to
leave Jenna's in the shower right now
you know how girls are this hour take
 forever okay so we just finished
dinner we have
is really formal dinner with some of the
committee members at university Illinois
so this fun and now we just have like a
little bit of a layover until the big
Q&A starts like
waiting for Jenna that should be fun and
then we're gonna go back into the room
we were just in to meet 50 people I
think all the committee members
so they'll be agree by LA University
Illinois is beautiful look at that be
that building it's so pretty I just want
to not study in that building
Harry Potter
even house but it makes it it's really
work to me to meet people in person and
have let me have any experience you're
needed so they're both powerful and
experiences I've had an adult like
actually hope so
hey so we just got out of Jenna's Q&A
she's crushed as usual
we were sitting in this little pit like
until people leave they were just taking
selfies with us like up there like
long-range selfies yeah so we're just
like teeny little background figures and
they're taking selfies that's pretty
funny though but yeah we're just getting
some air and then we're gonna go to the
me dream Jenna did awesome and she she
said I was her favorite person any
videos oh we got water enough thank you
Jeff we got ice water
they remain green right now on lovely
Illinois students and
made a joke about sliding near dams and
Roma had no idea well enough she doesn't
know what slide into your games
thanks Obama Rome that's a twitter
handle's Jenna's arm I used to keep a
notebook at these things and write all
the Twitter handles down for her to
follow but I guess that's more efficient
so we'll just stick to that for now
good morning guys it is our last day
although and we are leaving to the
airport in a matter of minutes you may
light in my love and love you so much oh
oh yeah it's that birthday we had shots
at midnight last night and then had some
drinks and then add some more drinks and
now it's morning so I'm probably gonna
end up a fixer
so I can like edit it together in the
car on the way the airport and then
maybe post it before I take off like I'm
gonna try see how the Wi-Fi situation
goes down but anyway yes we're finishing
our trip it went really really well I
haven't even gotten on with you since
before then Lamine greedy but everything
was great everyone we met was so nice
you Rosie Illinois was amazing the
students who put on the event did a
great job I thought you know these
things can either be really messy or
they can be really like easy and in
order and this was definitely a really
really easy in and or yeah it was a good
Jenna had a good time too they were
everyone was so nice there's a lot of
like people were like no thank you for
talking like why'd you come here you
guys asked anyway Thank You universe
Illinois thank you all the students who
came out to say hi and thank you
Champaign Urbana or vanish Champaign or
they're trying it a little bit
- this is a cool little town and I
honestly want to see more of it and/or
see more of Chicago but we got to get
home to the dogs and do birthday stuff
peach is gonna keep you for your
birthday no way I'm gonna get a kiss ooh
girl anyway I love you guys thanks so
much for watching the vlog and I'll see
you guys on Tuesday when I'm older
okay doesn't my birthday have a great
weekend right
