hey guys good morning I am just getting
up right now and getting caffeinated
I've got a big day today I'm drinking my
caffeine out of my cool coffee mug that
someone's entered the vo box it's really
cool it's got like a carabiner built in
and it's pretty you know secure and you
can carry around so thank you Jake
whatever sent this I actually really
needed one I'm going to caffeinate my
brains out clean up the house a little
bit and then I want to shoot a music
video it is for the shadow tour it is
for the song vlog with me that you guys
will be seeing before the shadow tour we
are gonna release the music video before
the tour so you guys can have it all up
in your lives and watch us run around
with cameras like idiots JDS really
talented director is gonna be helping us
today
funny story I used to bartend with Jays
girlfriend like before any of my youtube
stuff happened
I knew Jay outside of it and now he's
shooting video for us so it's really
cool how things kind of work out like
that Rebecca's gonna be helping that's
gonna be helping and uh yeah I'm gonna
go over to Josh's at noon and we're
gonna start there then we're gonna come
here then we go to a park so I'm super
psyched get your dicks ready for that
because it's gonna be fun
hey guys so I'm like basically all ready
for the shoot I'm about to head over to
Josh's now I wanted to quickly show you
guys this banner I made BAM
you like those photoshop skills I'm
having a meet up Saturday April 25th
which is next Saturday and it's gonna be
at Woodland Hills Park and it's hosted
by the celiac disease foundation the
amazing foundation that helps people
with celiac disease everywhere it's
completely free all you gotta do is
register at celiac org slash Julianne
I'll put a link down below I haven't
told you on this channel I've only told
you on my second channel but I figured I
would say it now that it's out of the
bag I just want to let you guys know I
really quick before I head out all
dressed up and ready to go sort of this
is dressed up as I get I don't know but
yeah I'm excited it'll be fun shooting
video so I'll see you guys over at
Josh's I like it like white or just
putting there no
okay and
yeah okay so ideally what would happen
is that when you turn around and yeah
those lyrics I'm gonna push in and
you're gonna bring it slightly down and
then you're stop looking at this got it
okay okay right now I'm using my AC to
just pull my face up okay that's rude
I'm sorry so he just shot the whole
portion of the vlog with me video at our
house now I'm headed to the park to
finish off the shoot
what you saw was like some of the shots
we're actually gonna use either on my
camera or pretending it's my camera but
I'm so fucking sad it's gonna be so cool
I'm gonna cool off and then go to the
park love you guys well they're yelling
they think they're messing up our shot
but we have no audio so we're gonna kill
up I'm gonna kill this shot smile what
do you want to yell next man well I
don't know as I'm actually vlogging what
what I'm vlogging that's Jay we haven't
we've been fake vlogging all day this is
so much fun we are having so much
alright damn or straight-up silhouettes
we are but we're normally shadows I'm
gonna blog we're vlogging you're gonna
watch this and then you're gonna watch
it again
got it this is the mastermind behind
everything happening the absolute
mastermind that's my voice we're gonna
watch the master rapid hold the camera
city won't give you a headed to the
bathroom looking like a boss as I hold
my girl's bag y'all can't touch me he's
just one of the bays I'm Miranda sings
but if you just take a moment cool
what's up guys we're about to do the end
of vlog with me that's what this is I
hate it oh my god I think that's it we
did it I think we did it
the master J that's that ass dude so
guys so for whatever reason Jenna's
gonna curl my hair with curlers she's
gonna leave crumbles in my hair Jenna's
gonna wax my legs yeah I don't know how
this is gonna go over I know a lot of
here my legs like a lot of hair so
that's just gonna happen and a lot of
people are gonna watch me be a bitch
about it this is hard
like how does anyone get good curls from
that oh just make me look hot okay oh my
speaking of hair my hair is doing its
own texture today so we leave for
Illinois in the morning like 7:00 a.m.
and it's almost 11 p.m. so we probably
won't sleep very much or at all no no no
because we have so much dick to do team
fuck mileage
yeah Tino Selena tee here we go twitter
Leigh today and then hashtag he knows a
team rises right
this is what's gonna happen figured I'd
share that with you I don't really have
much else to say but uh yeah so she's
gonna rip my leg hair out and tell me so
we'll see you guys not it hey guys hey
guys what else is new I'm vlogging
without a shirt on sorry not sorry
hi page that's disgusting anyway
we just finished shooting Jenna's video
she waxed my leg and my leg is still
really swollen and hurting but it was
good it was worth it she needed that she
basically tried to wax my armpit and it
wouldn't come off so the whole like
there was just wax in my hair so I had
to shave it and then I shaved the other
one too just to even it out but we're
struggle busting pretty hard right now
because we gotta be up in the morning in
like five hours to leave to the airport
and gonna pull an all-nighter because I
have way too much to do and Jenna's got
way too much to do so I just want to
take in a few tests and say what's up I
hope you've enjoyed some of the footage
from our vlog with me shoot today and
that was so much fun
Jay Diaz who is the director of the
shoot is amazing it's just one really
well so I can't wait to see the video of
the out soon do you guys can see it but
don't max your hairy ass leg hey guys so
um I was just editing the vlog and
hanging out and I realized my head is a
little itchy so this reminds me of that
thing that Chris Mel burger and chin
always used that little mini hand we had
at the drugstore it's just like this
giant he has Islam just wanting to like
mess with the dogs with it but I'm just
slowly trying to chip away at all the
shit that I have to pack and get ready
and I'm starting to get tired which is
bad so I need to have some coffee or
whatever but yeah well I just really
have so much to pack you are gonna be
watching this on Thursday which means
tomorrow is exciting
I don't decide if I should tell you why
Friday we get back home and spend the
weekend at home and finally have a
little bit of time to relax before we
take our next trip which is exciting but
I think I'm gonna close the vlog just
kind of a shit ton going on so hopefully
you can understand but tomorrow's vlog
will have the trip from LA to Illinois
so that should be a good law it should
be fun we're going to travel and
see college students and I'll be really
exciting and fun and exhausting but we
signed up for it so I love you guys
thank you so much for watching and I
linked a couple people down below in the
description like J and all the people
who are helping with the music video and
stuff like that so check all that stuff
out if you are interested otherwise I'll
see you guys tomorrow
the last for the week that'll be so much
cheers bye guys
