there's a fly on the ground and the a
geese we're just kind of like freaking
out about it
is it a PG oh so sad can't fly okay log
over she just took it so too far she's
eight like its face off he ate your
guys's friend beach doll
they were loved by Felicia does see what
shoes she's gonna eat it and then trying
to kiss us three seconds like everyone
go check out my friend change channel
we'll watch this video it's pretty good
well jute I ordered a dress a ride
pigeon boat for to the song can you go
watch it
oh forget about the little guy put the
freak out just take it he's gone we just
had cheating out like a lot of food and
there's a couple little pieces of food
leftover on the table and I decided that
since I know peach is going to go for it
every single time to leave the room
might as well catch her red-handed on
camera
peach I'm going to get you peach I'm
gonna get you just watch
you
g-girl
peachy girl dad that's not for you I saw
you the whole time
naughty naughty naughty naughty girl now
what's happening one is rouching and one
is submitting peachy you're so naughty I
saw you take that food it was not yours
no mine we're sitting there like me
bitch you baby they're coming to my
office like know the rules I'm not
joining you like the rat was just a good
boy sitting in the back watching when
they draw on the chalkboard it was peach
yes face off the best show to snapchat
ever hey guys good morning I just came
from the Apple Store because my phone
had problems so I had to get a
replacement phone nothing new to me
because I feel like I'm always doing
that I go to the Apple sorta for the
least fun thing ever just to get my
phone fixed but I did see the Apple
watch in person and it is glorious
in case you were wondering what I'm
doing right now so I just saw a peach
walk into this room with a tortilla chip
in her mouth and it was from Taco Bell
last night she found one and brought it
in here and I realized that Genna left
her Crunchwrap from Taco Bell in the
living room last night
and I went back to check right now and
it's gone so I've been hunting around
the house looking for that damn crunch
up because I know peach grabbed it and
hid it somewhere and I hate to find that
thing before it gets all gross in in the
wrong spot oh man peach is so naughty
you guys saw on the board of her being
fucking naughty that was last night
you are naughty that's her naughty walk
you're naughty naughty girl that's not
for you you can't just take everything
because you're a cute little blondie
peach where's the Crunchwrap
take me to the Crunchwrap hopefully I'll
find that because if I don't find it
like right now it's going to turn up in
like three weeks disgusting somewhere
and that's not what I want what you got
over there damn it
thought was a Crunchwrap alright well
I'm gonna do a little more caffeinated
than doing this also so I'll check back
with you guys when either I found the
contract and more caffeine in me both
we're none of the above hey so right now
I'm going to the salon
Jenna's hairstylist actually
hi
it's really messy and
the target control so I'm going to get a
Brazilian Blowout where they basically
just like chemically straighten my hair
I've done it once before and I am done
like to happier so let's do it
was Liam look okay hey guys so I just
got my amazing Brazilian Blowout by the
wonderful Kate Marie she does Jennifer
and she basically told Jenna was like
hey I was like six months ago she was
like hey Julian
if your hair is kind of a mess you can't
do anything but they come get a
Brazilian blah so I did and it changed
the game and now I got another one she's
really counted you should check her out
I'll link her below funny sort of his
screw you want to expand she's got a new
office look at this place and it's
decorated like girl this reminds me how
Rome decorated our place yeah
Rome is killer with an interior yeah
Kate's best friends with Rome yeah you
know she's cool yeah now I'm gonna go
get some Chipotle and just talk about it
into I do it holy
yeah so I made a quick stop on the way
home
I would consider driving home with
Chipotle chips in the passenger seat one
of the ultimate tests of self-control
one that I am not doing so well on at
the current moment but don't tell Jenna
what is it what is it what is it what is
it
Oh put your hair down or something yeah
it is
why'd you do that oh hey we're starbucks
we're such a shit show right now
we walked in here there's got her bib on
and playing
decided
good I walked up to the lady and she's
like yeah was like and I said our kind
get a large iced roast
and I said look I just got a large ice
broast and then she looked at me with it
I'm sorry let me start over now but we
just thinkin out I'm gonna be so proud
around
knocked out
yeah we had not fallen into so3 but we
are going to prague castle that we need
your caffeine so we came to the only
place where that drug isn't found upon
actually we're basically on a drug hunt
right now
it's not my affiliate I thought my
Gillian
feels really good I feel like Tim
Riggins
we're gonna draw them out and ingest
lots of caffeine now
like the lgle this we Josh hey Josh a
secret
what's up guys so we are about start
podcasting and I'm kind of excited
because we got periscope going on the
podcast so we're going to be back to
live-streaming it's generally in pod on
periscope
but we're yeah we're about a podcast and
we're kind of finishing the night right
now I got a couple other things to get
done but I wanted to close up lunch and
say I love you guys thank you for
watching a blog I'll see you tomorrow
tomorrow we will be in Illinois so I'm
going to be vlogging from there
hopefully get some decent hotel Wi-Fi
but I'm gonna get a podcast going right
now popke is poop see you guys tomorrow
and you'll also see me on the podcast by
now it'll be out for a whole day I love
you guys okay
