yeah so I just posted Friday's vlog and
it was about peach jumping into Jenna's
arms and like peaches feeling really
spastically so I walked outside and
Jenna jumps on to me and I was like
Jenny jump ricotta shit now she's gonna
try to do is just like peeps like real
life I'm actually gonna try to recreate
what it's like to be on pay and pays
jump
alright come here just jokes jokes you
like I mean G jumps we're saying we are
neighbors are like what the fuck jump oh
my god cuz she does this different
everything yeah jumping this is on your
head my dad welcome for that that was
fun
alright now to be adults just kidding
we're never announcing yeah okay so
we're drinking moonshine tonight out of
these mason jars we're drinking
moonshine out of mason jars and i want
to drain a whole thing of moonshine and
put water in it with like some food
coloring so they think it's full and i'm
gonna go in front of them and just down
it and see what they do alright
yeah
sure
you got
- water it looks like its color and left
little bit
being an absolute maniac
having a mental break right who are you
I like started soft I was like hey brown
with Superman you like yeah oh yeah that
works
this is totally water hmm good prank
what's up guys so I just got out of
shower and we're getting ready to start
our Saturday night right now I would
golfing today it was fun except for the
fact that I sucked
there's definitely fun to play 1 don't
let you guys know on my second channel
just Julian there is a special
announcement so go over there to check
out what that is I'm pretty excited
about it and I think you will be too if
you live in the area so we're gonna
actually go mini golf tonight we didn't
go last night we're gonna go mini
golfing I think we might pregame a
little bit and then uber over there like
responsible adult but I did want to let
you guys know that earlier today Arnold
Josh and Matt came over and we had a
real nice meeting in brainstorming
session and talking about the shaba tour
everything's starting to come together
really nicely so I'm super excited every
single time I meet with them about it it
gets more and more real and closer so I
can't wait for the shout outs or it's
gonna be sick but yeah we're going to
start hanging out and drinking and
getting the night started and I want to
check in with you guys oh you guys
you're looking beautiful
you like my bandana pants hey what's up
man baby Jenna's giving me a French
braid just a nice last one you know it
looks cool in this shot is my art on you
why don't you shake your hair my arm I
worked on that
you like the guys daily basis I can
doubles tennis and here's wet so it's
all like messy but all right so I got
some Magners pair in here you know it's
a shaving glass
it's only pint-sized lasting fun and I
shot a fireball I'm gonna do my version
of a sake bomb it's like a fireball or
an Irish Car Bomb
IRA but I've never been able do that
because I can't drink beer this is my
version of it let's go ready
yeah this is gonna work I'm gonna find
out oh did it taste good those two
flavors really good together
hey guys I just wanted to take this
opportunity to share with you something
that happened and speak a little bit
about it about an hour ago
some woman knocked on our door and I
didn't you know think much about
ignoring it the dogs are barking my
natural tendencies to open the door even
when you know like late at night I want
you know I'll lock it and leave it be
because you know if it's not our food
coming we have no business dealing with
whoever is at our door there's other
means to get a hold of us or any other
human being
or was a house I opened the door kind of
wish I hadn't but I did it was a woman
who was telling me that her and her kids
drove down from Anaheim because they
found our address on the Internet
and they wanted to meet Jenna and once I
grasped what was going on that they
actually drove to her house expecting to
meet Jenna
you know I kind of got a little spooked
and it roused you and you know
everything happened really fast I Jenna
came out said hi and she was really
shaken and I didn't like seeing her like
that and I just I feel like I need to
say this you know I love you guys and I
love the fact that you watch our lives
but you need to remember that we don't
know you you know the way you think we
might and you know of course we'll say
hi no matter where we are
except our house like that's a huge
invasion it puts us in a very
uncomfortable unsafe environment it's
it's not how you act and not saying any
of you would ever do that I don't think
you would but the woman was she was a
bit delusional and she was trying to
tell us that when we have kids we would
do the same thing which is insane and
that's a person who isn't thinking right
that's a person who doesn't know right
from wrong and it's setting the worst
possible example for her kids and I told
her that and Jenna is far beyond the
nicest person ever I'm too nice to a
fault sometimes and you know I think out
of Moore trying to get it over with in
anything she went out and said hi and I
just want to share that with you because
it's not something fun to talk about and
it's not something fun for that to
happen to us it's very scary and we
never really know what to expect when
that kind of thing happens obviously we
are going to be taking many more
security precautions with our lives but
I just wanted to say that and
everything's okay we're fine but that
woman was uh she was completely in the
wrong and she should feel bad about what
she did because it was not right I'm
sorry to those girls because it wasn't
your fault
it was your mom's fault that woman's
fault you don't really know better you
know a grown adult should know that her
and she did not anyway I really really
hate to end the vlog like this but I'm
gonna have to vlog and I love you guys
I'm sorry to have done this I'm sorry to
have to hit you with some heavy shit and
and not keep the light right now but um
I mean there's no really the other way
to tell you what happened other than to
tell you what happened is to tell you
how wrong it is so I love you guys and
uh please don't come to our house I'll
see you guys tomorrow all right bye
