hey guys what's up
it is Thursday night right now and it's
like almost midnight and Jenna and I are
spamming the Apple Store app on our
phone cuz we don't get dad Apple watch
oh look yeah see my little reminder that
I said today I know Jenna's been scarred
jen has been all about the Apple watch
ever since it was like first announced
way back in what September
no one can discourage me you're in your
onesie you're so adorable is the first
time I need to lay down I got back from
Vegas yesterday and we went right into
her video and she stayed up like all
night doing that thing I'm gonna get the
big 42 millimeter black my black on
black on black sport watch which one
you're getting I want those space grey
watch face with the neon green
Julian yellow but also green what's good
plan um but yeah like they shut down the
App Store right now this is what we're
getting so we're just spamming the store
and just kind of refreshing until we can
order but it's exciting I know does that
mean it's definitely not perfect like
but it's a first gen of an item and it's
the Apple's first entrance into the
fucking wearables like I'm gonna wear it
I'm gonna buy this watch I've been
waiting for it for fucking ever I've
wanted a SmartWatch ever since like four
years ago when they first came yeah
things that we've been like putting off
buying other yeah wearable why yeah
because we just amazing with it yeah and
like part of me I know I know
like everyone knows you'd be stupid not
to know that the next version of this is
gonna be dope or like duh but this kind
of reminds me of like the first gen I
phone like it came out everyone's like
what there's no buttons there's no like
you don't mean like I mean look at an
Alec it was you change the game I'm not
saying the watch is like gonna change
the game I just know that it's gonna be
sick and I feel like after a couple of
like weeks and maybe a few months like
there's going to be good updates for the
software that's going to make it run a
lot smoother maybe new features myself a
new apps I have like a dressy watch that
I wear like out and stuff but I've
always thought the good casual watch
that I wear when I'm working out
Alessa I haven't been using anything
since the Nike FuelBand and that's it my
thing like pooped out really died that I
didn't buy anything to replace that
since that Nike FuelBand
came out so I literally don't have a
watch never had you wore that thing to
the brim like you weren't so much that
it just yeah it had coloring some sticky
thing I don't understand what it is and
it like doesn't plug in and I'm gonna
send you little dick drawings on it like
you know many times you go into like an
athletic store and they have like Fitbit
and like job or not I've always wanted
one I've been like no I'll just wait I
know even if you don't use all of the
features and all the things that this
thing has because not all of them run so
great they don't work so great I'm still
getting like a really awesome watch that
also works and does some cool things you
may rather use all of them it may not be
perfect I agree with that and I also
think that the less features you use the
happier you'll be
I feel like if the more features you use
the slower it's gonna run the more
convoluted your experience with it is
gonna be that you pick and choose what
you want to do on the thing you're gonna
have a fun time right great when you got
me that fuel band all I want to do is
like run even though I hate running I
know so can't do weight lifting it but
you cross the cross across across across
across across across it so we're just
waiting were like we're like eight
minutes away I think oh my god it's back
what this door doors back oh my god oh
my god it's back mine's back Oh am count
let's see my favorites Apple careful
Apple are sport fucking welcome trip
toffee man at me cuz I'm ballin pie with
Apple pay now it's loading oh no no no
oh my god hurry up this is this is what
happens like it fucking freezes it's
okay don't panic you'll get it oh it's
an arrow requested okay favorites okay
let's go to it again let's try it again
see we got Bibby oh you guys aren't
gonna see this screen hey guys so uh we
both got our
preordered to our sect about it
hopefully they come soon her shipping
date is later than mine but they always
just change it all the time so I was
like nipple again at the same time but
who knows we're gonna bed right now
see you guys in the morning three two
she tells peach to jump and then just
like catches her out of the air
and she can hug - yeah that was fast ik
good catch
oh she nervous are you nervous right to
the hug oh my god Jenna you draw my baby
okay you got a mixed up huh she pulled a
hug I don't know where when you're
expecting a jump
there's the hug okay that's the hug I
know a good so happy and confused with
Kermit over the hug that's really cute
do you bite mommy cuz she dropped you on
your head so sorry guy do you jump did
yeah it's really cute like so floppies
was kind of hard to catch right yeah
I like how she just goes airborne
knowing that she'll just be caught she
was like it's not like she jumps the
same way every time yeah dude yo is he
again PGG yeah she's got balls
she just doesn't she doesn't know what's
gonna happen with you Jackson here oh
yeah you like the jumpy Annie PG did
yeah good good good is that fun honey
that's really kid yeah I want the wait
you pinyon kiss I love you P do hey guys
uh I just got a nice little workout in
oh I want to show you on my new
decoration this came in the peel box and
someone sent me this phone case and I
wanted to show you the painting to match
its page it's a really cool design it's
on canvas but thank you so much for that
it goes right next to Kermit's poster
I'm just hanging out now these vloggy
shirts came in as you probably saw on my
Instagram I posted that yesterday but I
really saw
I just love cool designs like that and I
love the novelty of vlog II also I
figured I would show you from the peel
box this is like a mini PL box unboxing
or opening or whatever just because it
wasn't that much stuff someone sent me I
Love Lucy the complete first season on
DVD really funny someone also sent me a
little mermaid a while ago I don't know
if I showed you because those are two
things that I showed the entire world I
didn't know anything about really on the
podcast so thank you for that and I get
it so I'll watch it also Sonia Hawkes
our friend from Arizona sent us a bunch
of fireball swag and a bunch of really
cool pictures and stickers so Thank You
Sonia but yeah I think I'm gonna wrap it
up pretty soon I'll check back with you
guys in a few minutes hi what's up guys
so we are just getting ready to decide
what we're doing tonight I think we
might go mini-golfing and just hang out
and have a fun night tomorrow going
golfing and then then I'm meeting up
with Josh and Arnold for some stuff but
we should have a pretty nice relaxing
weekend and just hanging out and stuff
which we kind of need because next week
is crazy and Emily cap was crazy so it's
just been nuts but we're just going to
hopefully get some happy time in like my
Julian yellow-colored rock tape thanks
for our tape looks snazzy but yeah I
love you guys I hope you have a great
weekend and I'll see you on Tuesday
single while vlog by fans team Dawson
all the way oh I forgot is the only one
that got that I don't know what's
happening where my lumberjack he's their
two families the McGraw's and the
Dawson's the Reds were the macaws and
the blue is the Dawson's oh I get it
team Dawson go team Dawson
you
