hey guys good morning I am getting ready
and almost out the door for Vegas right
now spending the last couple of minutes
with these little ones that I can
because I know that they're not going to
enjoy being left especially after their
mom has already been gone but yeah I'm
getting picked up by Colleen Josh and
Arnold and we're heading to Vegas so
we're going to the airport together on
LAX and then we should get to Vegas like
around the early afternoon and then
Brett's gonna come here to watch the
dogs but I'm want to say hi and I'm
bittersweet about leaving right now for
sure but as much as I want to keep them
company I know they're gonna be in great
hands with Brett and then tomorrow
Jenna's coming home and also I'm really
psyched for this trip I think Josh
Arnold and I really are gonna enjoy
ourselves together and I think the time
together
away from everything is gonna be good
for us and you know conceptualizing
stuff and getting shit ready for the
show so it's gonna be great all around
but they should literally be here any
minute so I'm gonna get off but I hope
you guys say goodbye to Dee Doug's cuz
you won't see them for a few days Marvel
slept in my arms last night because he
really needed some protection by Marvel
he's not as sad as he looks right now I
promise he's not as sad as he looks he's
running around he's happy he hoped his
bear last night which is a good sign
okay gotta go
hey what's up guys so we're at the
airport
Josh hang on
they're only took like 45 minutes I want
to show you guys some it's a really cool
looking fruit
I'm sorry I had to get you back for the
diet we called me a fruit in your blog I
did do that say yourself up there some
payback so there's this cup of fruit and
then there's fruit right there
oh we did not really do I did
such relaxing music so we just got to
the giant suite
it's obscenely big Colleen and Josh from
an ad hook up at the Tropicana Thank You
Tropicana
I love truck LV yes jack so yeah meet
Arnold and Charlie we are gonna go down
and get some lunch we are in Vegas that
was the quickest I've ever gone to Vegas
it was amazing before he made a play
it's kind of rough but it's 40 minutes
but yeah we're gonna go look for food
and to eat our bodies because these
muscles don't fucking feed themselves
hey guys by the way thank you Tropicana
oh my god Kenan Kenan are you doing the
Tropicana is that the Tropicana do you
Tropicana the dragon the dragon so we're
at dinner at this game restaurant and
traps and now you're gonna see all of
the food that we shove down our face
because you guys may have may have seen
this before but I want to show you this
because it's like watching a major
league pitcher throw a no-hitter he is
an expert at his craft and his craft is
making Moscow mules and I'm just gonna
sit here and observe well I've already
put a fresh lime and vodka now a final
touch is the ginger beer itself ginger
beers where everyone goes oh look at
that sexy pour ooh yeah it got so
hostile so fast okay hey I didn't say
that word and that was Julie we're in
the future so he gives for all the
lights from this weird ass oh yeah baby
Barney show us how we look that's the
other legit it's good even without the
mug sure I'm not waiting
cheers Internet Charlie's got his goblet
raise the Goblet bro yes like an
absolute sir so I started a periscope
because I had a few drinks and that's
what I do now and I taught Charlie how
to do his own periscope and he's killing
it on periscope everyone keeps calling
him Brad Pitt I've only got eight people
on here not me but that's like twice as
many as Josh he peaked at one you Julian
want to get more than Josh all right
it's - okay operation yeah this is so
fun I got ten good morning guys we were
just getting up and caffeinated and
getting ready for the day we're gonna
get sushi for lunch and walk down the
strip for a bit then we're going to the
MJ show and then we are going to dinner
after that so today's our
I need more oh thank you you should be
literally like on the sign no Cameron
all right let's do it
carats Lord you don't die
BBV you will soon
we are going to the MJ show finally the
amazing Michael Jackson's show that Josh
has already seen we're going to see him
right now
I think it's at the Mandalay Bay I don't
even know where it is no tickets no J M
what does J M stand for Jackson Michael
all right let's go see Jackson Michael
get in your shadows I'm leaving you at
home groggy
we'll get back to you when we're pace
follow the food in and maybe a little
alcohol go dudes you're leaving vlog not
sometimes in life well I leave you
behind
needs to be put on the shelf and you
need to it's nothing personal I need to
be in my life right now let's do it I
love you guys just watch Colleen's
livestream hope you're having fun love
y'all just got done with Colleen's
livestream sorry I was watching
Colleen's live chat just watch Colleen's
lot broadcast now I'm watching your blog
clean is the best girlfriend oMG are
huapi you watching Colleen's live
streams she's so beautiful
I am wait with you guys directional if
you guys think Charlie needs to start a
channel called reading Joshua's YouTube
comments please let me know because
that's amazing watch your language
Julianne Jenna would love Charlie we
already talked about I've been texting
her all night about Charlie and I'm
talking like I can't wait for them to
meet watch police love it it was so
amazing six please he's saying what no I
don't you do wait wait again do it again
yeah all right every time I do it Josh
gets mad and then five minutes later he
does it so Josh you drunk are you all
right what is this code this is some
sort of secret code
I think it's drunk - you guys are you
drop Vegas you took us for quite a ride
and we've been having a blast the
Michael Jackson show last night was very
very cool I mean I've seen a few Cirque
shows in my life but that one was that
one was definitely like a hit you in the
fields but it was good man it was really
fun you know after the show we had great
dinner and didn't really blog much there
and all that we were just kind of
hanging out and we all drank alcohol and
then came up here and kept the party
going
Charlie has left a really happy I got to
hang out with him super cool guy I'm
gonna link Charlie below his Twitter in
his room so if you want to follow him
he'll be there but I want to wrap it up
it's a huge huge huge thank you to the
Tropicana Vegas for hooking us up it was
amazing how you guys treated us and
thanks Colleen for setting this up for
Josh this was a very very memorable and
fun trip hopefully I didn't scar you
guys with some of the drone footage and
some of the goofy shit I put on this
video but I love you guys so much thank
you for watching tomorrow we will be
back to normal home vlogs with my lovely
girlfriend Jenna who I miss so much I'm
gonna be back home tomorrow everything's
gonna kind of settle down and see you
for another vlog tomorrow all right
thanks for watching it hi
