oh yeah ring light I've missed you ring
light I've missed talking to you and the
ring light there hey guys so right now I
am going to go have dinner with Joshua
and it's been like two and a half almost
three weeks since I've seen him so long
overdue time to see my buddy Josh what
are you doing goose she's such a goofy
little goose oh yeah we're gonna grab
some dinner and then I think he's got a
run and do some recording and stuff like
that so I think Brett's gonna come over
again and we're gonna see what everyone
else is doing miss you Jenna I'm sure
you're here but yeah that's what I'm
doing right now so see you guys at the
diner hey guys I just had a great dinner
over at the diner did you want oh look
at that face how can I be deprived of
that face for so long I need to shave I
know don't it looks good where's your
beard been you haven't haven't been here
so I have no inspiration I'm just like I
got a shit with inspiration I'm
inspiring people to be lazy you make
that look look so intentional it's not
even funny that is it's even on your
merch the five o'clock shadow right what
are you talking about we're that but
it's so pretty like I wish facially are
so pretty it is I've been trying to not
be prettier so I'll tell you one thing
when I have ditched her like that and at
a certain point I think it's gonna turn
into like some glorious puffy beard but
no it just gets all weird and spotty and
I look homeless and you look at me from
the side and it looks completely not
everyone can have that Josh you guys
want Julian to grow out of here
put in the comment section I will kill
vloggy if you don't
they didn't mean that well it's up to
the Internet to say loggy loggy XA foggy
but yeah I had a great time connecting
with Josh I feel like the whole part of
my life has been missing for almost
three weeks so it's been great to hang
out and see my best buddy
you know birthday's tomorrow you know
the last time I saw you I was in this
dagger death is it really
oh you would just give me the bag yeah
yeah do you drink that booze yeah I
saved it
we got a drink that at some point I'll
bring it with us on your birthday trip
we haven't even said have you going to
say all right josh is gonna announce his
birthday trip go check out his channel
right now it involves him yeah hey guys
so I just got back from dinner with Josh
and I realized it wasn't NPN yet and I
had some time so it took a little baby
out for a spin at the range so I'm doing
right now at the range hitting some
balls
I just chilling out yeah I really love
this club but I'm just gonna hit some
balls now and then I go home and figure
out what I'm do with my nights have to
go what's up so high really you guys
tease her
I'm completely orange right now some
peaceful about like a quiet driving
range at night really just kind of like
lets you relax that's I missed that from
golf I miss being able to just play and
have it be time where I can kind of just
unwind did not think those nice I
enjoyed it
now headed back to the house somebody in
the car now hey you guys Brett just got
here and I'm periscoping but I wanted to
say hi and let you know that I didn't
forget about you yeah we're periscoping
right now pizzas coming soon and we're
just hanging out does the vlog wanna
meet periscope vlog you paraskevi
periscope loggy loggy in the flesh
periscope yeah this is periscope guys so
this is what I do when I'm drunk now and
I have a bunch of friends commenting and
throwing hearts at me so tell me why
were you eating it who doesn't want
hearts thrown at them so that's what
we're doing right now and it's probably
just gonna be a chill night hanging out
of the house but I don't know if I've
said this yet but I miss you Jenna so
you get back cuz this sucks not having
you here but yeah they started with her
and it was really nice to just see your
face and have time with her Wow Julianne
Wow but yeah we're gonna hang out I'll
check back the you guys later aboard
tomorrow not sure that me hey so we uh
we were all just kind of hanging out on
the couch and then we decided let's go
for a little walk like I would say we
decided it's me and the dogs that
decided they needed to get out I'm
trying to give him as much walking time
as I can while Jenna's gone because with
her not being around they just kind of
sit on the couch and her sad they miss
her so I figured getting them out makes
them happy let's do that and then later
on I got to figure out what I want to
eat for Sunday Easter today but feels
weird eating cheat meal alone I think so
I may or may not do it big we're just
enjoying this beautiful day you guys
enjoying the beautiful day good walking
yeah anyway that's what we're up to
right now also I got a pack for Vegas
thanks you guys so I'm at the grocery
store I have Josh to present in the car
and I figured I would
do it up a little bit so you haven't
texted me back but I'm gonna get like a
birthday balloon like that and I got a
car I'm gonna put it with this present
on this porch and just knock and leave
it there and kind of just like see if he
walks out and see he might not even be
home honestly but I want to try that
just because I'm bored and it's his
birthday
all right so little change of plans
right as I was at the register buying
these balloons Josh texted me so he's
not gonna be home for another hour and
it turns out they are actually having
people over which they had canceled that
plan and then I guess it's happening now
so it's not gonna be a surprise I won't
get to like sort of prank him with this
like on his doorstep but I will bring it
to his house when I come over but yeah I
got two giant balloons one's really
massive and I got a card it says happy
birthday dude which I don't need to
write it says everything I could have
ever wanted to say to Josh about his
birthday so I'm gonna head home now and
then I'll meet Josh later at his house
just got back look who's here
you okay I'm right here what are you
looking at
where's Wheaties it smells like poo pee
did you have an accident yeah you
naughty don't try to eat him you want to
come in
did the car get a good agreement why are
you jumping on him hey rude rude let me
show you what I've been dealing with
every fucking two seconds I'm not
looking at peach that unstopping the
giant couch pillows you know you're
naughty that's naughty Kermit just sits
on the couch Pole and peach takes out
the stuffing they're a fucking Tag Team
hello beep you Lowepro time you little
both time hey hey
no girls allowed hmm hey marble
yeah no girls allowed are you follow are
you foam oh you guys oh oh
my line that's a lot
in the show oh my god you have a Jesus
light - that's not a call my Scott hey
just like hey Josh is Jesus like anyway
Josh it's his birthday today as you guys
all know and I came over to say hi for a
little bit he gave me the most frickin
epic high-tops you've ever seen and if
you haven't seen them if he hasn't
blogged about it you're gonna see them
in Vegas cuz I'm gonna wear my it might
be kinda wearing at the show that means
I did well I think right yes yeah I'm
happy he likes him kollene you got a
your fiancee knows what she knows about
yours - style she gave me all the tips
she gave you the shoes yeah that's it
yeah she gave me the tip anyway they're
going to dinner right now and I'm not
going I wish you know you have dogs to
take care I ever go back to the dogs
they've been alone basically for a few
hours and they're doing just kill each
other if I don't go police them so he's
going to sex club for his birthday and
I'm not gonna be there but we're gonna
have biggest time together and by the
time you watch this dick we're gonna
have already been in Vegas
oh we're gonna fly in the air in a fire
like birds but happy birthday Josh I
love you so much I just gave him a hug
for you guys cuz I knew you loved him
too oh but he hasn't
oh yeah so I just left Josh in Colleen's
house and I went to the mall really
quick cuz I realized I'm missing one
thing it's a brown belt I don't have any
brown belts
and I have brown shoes that I want to
wear and I can't wear a black belt with
brown shoes so I need to pick up a brown
belt and I'm at the phone right now and
it's a fucking ghost town in this
parking lot like no one is here I've
never fucking seen it like this
I had to check the wall because instead
it closes at 7:00 and it's like 6:00
right now so I'm just the time but it's
an obscene to see nobody here like this
like I'm sure half the shit the malls
closed but it's fucking crazy
it's Easter everything is closed I am
NOT a smart man
I'm going home hey you guys first of all
I love you so much
second of all I am gonna end the blog
right now because I have like kind of a
lot to do I have to pack for Vegas I
have to walk the dogs I have to get
dinner and I really just need to kind of
just get myself together because I'm
leaving in the morning and Brett's gonna
come in and help watch the dogs while
Jenna's Connie and I'm gone and then
she's back on Tuesday I just kind of
have a lot to do right now so I'm gonna
end the vlog but I really enjoy making
vlogs this weekend for this week because
I don't know when I'm when I'm able to
vlog my weekend material it seems to go
a lot like more relaxed than fun and you
guys like it and you have to see Josh
your stuff that's always good but thank
you guys all so much for watching I will
absolutely be vlogging my trip in Vegas
you'll probably see it at the end of
this week or maybe the beginning of next
week as well you'll probably see that
stuff tomorrow or Friday but anyway yeah
I'm gonna get moving and trying to take
care of as much stuff as I can before
tonight and then I will take off the
Vegas in the morning what's really
excited about it's gonna be a sweet
boy's trip funny that you guys are gonna
be watching this when it's already over
in real time but you'll see a good
amount of trip because I'm going to vlog
it I promise and you'll see it on
snapchat Julien solo as usual thank you
all for watching this weekend vlog I
hope you're having a great week I hope
you have a great hump day getting
through the week I love you guys and
I'll see you tomorrow okay
