we're on the lucky coast of the United
States this morning god damn irma is as
wreaking havoc over in florida we've
been watching all morning videos and
vlogs and streams and kind of everything
going on with the hurricane and it's
crazy
my dad actually moved to Florida
recently he lived in LA most of his life
Boston in LA and then just recently
moved to Florida and he is evacuating
his home for this hurricane on his
birthday so that sounds like it sucks
anyway we're gonna do some gaming today
we had some real fun gaming last night
we did some custom games at pub G which
is the most fun in the world because we
let all of you guys play with us in one
big old game with a hundred people and
we create the rules for how the game
goes ourselves we did like demolition
derby melee weapons only so everyone's
running around with pans and hitting
each other to look a little like this
just all sorts of fun so Geoff is
actually coming over Jay Cyrus coming
over and we're gonna land party and also
stream it is Sunday and we are back on
our diet plan which means today is cheat
day so we are gonna have some nice
takeout food in a little bit
I had a post mate this morning and he
dropped off our food as I was taking it
home he asked for my information cuz he
wants he wanted to know what I did he's
like what do you do
which as a post mate I think small talk
is fun generally you should kind of be
aware that people are just really
excited to get their food and be done
with the transaction with that said
though I'm you know I'm fine how are you
how's oh the weather's weird yeah I know
nice car oh cool all right take care
hopefully the Foods good like I think
that's pretty much the extent like oh oh
your dog's cuter or whatever anyway this
guy was like what do you do what do you
do and I was like I make videos and he
was like what kind and you know finally
figured out what I did and then he told
me what he does he tried to network and
I understand people need a hustle bring
home the bread I get it like you need a
hustle you need to make connections I
just don't think that's the time to do
it so he asked for my information and he
puts out the number pad on his phone
which i think is just you know something
that so many people are too nice to say
no to so he just kind of has that as
like his move and I was like um I'll
give you my email he was like why don't
I just get your i G I was like ok I gave
him my G and then he as I'm walking back
announce he's he yells but he doesn't
ask you this follow me back and I'm just
like dude I'm trying to eat breakfast
here it's not even my breakfast I got it
for Jenna I'm just trying to get
breakfast into the house no I won't be
following you about please leave my
house now
anyway there are some nice clouds out
and they're not wreaking havoc on us so
I would say overall today is a pretty
good day
bTW where'd you go he's like PGDM
boyfriend oh you're back with your
boyfriend she's like okay now daddy you
can leave mommy you can leave hmm we
talked about moving in together right
she's been texting you she has I took
away her phone oh he's got a partnership
features a burner he's got a burner
phone are you texting Jeff on the
partner you can't put a limit on love to
it
hey there why is that noise happening
we're under our workout right now and I
think the decision is unanimous we wish
we were not going for our workout
what's your favorite part of your
workout and least favorite part I'm
kidding it's enjoyable but I like when
of that I like to be done with it
because like when we're done we're like
oh that feels good
but when we're on our way we're like why
are you doing this
that is true we've seen the other side
of that dirty dirty coin then we're
gonna go shopping for the week because
we need ingredients ingredients for life
better ingredients better life Papaji
better ingredients than your neighbor
stealing from your neighborhood Papa
jack do it that's good Joey
locked out yeah cats in car immediately
says how cuz of how hot it is
oh yeah blow that hot area me yeah yeah
so we go I was telling our trainer that
I'm team Sony and Jenna was team Canon
and she said gang game I heard you say
it
so negan game and game you can't be in
two gangs you're already in the fur game
you cannot be in the can game
let's look we're shopping are you proud
of us
we're not post-meeting we're actually
shopping with our bodies that's my
question
I like the
I think high-pitched I'm beat hi why do
you want a chair Julia you know what
they call me
well gosh rebirth you did all right I'm
making us a snack we're having pita
bread and hummus but I wanted to show
you how I prepare my pita bread makes it
in my opinion the best way to eat you
just take it put it on the flame and
you're just gonna let it kind of crisp
up there and then you flip it over but
it gives it like a real like charred
texture and flavor actually and it's I
think it's the best way to warm it up
and prepare it this is where you get
really good in my opinion
okay I'm filming my first wedding today
tell us how she woke yeah I was like
half sleeping half awake and I kept
feeling her face like you know what she
does that thing that she really wants to
be pet she was doing that over and over
again into my hands to wake me up
are you so cute little one we're making
dinner
hence the sounds okay Google stop it get
some help
somebody was just crying really loud
because they wanted food while we ate
pretty well fan I had two chicken
dinners and I really found a stream and
it is late we're not quite all the way
back on our early schedule but we're
working our way to it yeah nobody
matters but you huh guys I gotta go
alright someone else is trying to get my
attention all right okay can't give you
any more attention she's pulling it in
full blast here it just as I was about
it in the book smell like he's like
Danny Vargas thanks for ending the vlog
for me
