good morning everyone
how are your pretty faces today because
they look really pretty I am currently
in the process of caffeinated that's
nice but I want to get on here and say
hi so last night Brett came over and are
we hung out we went out for a little
while and I dropped my phone from like a
foot and a half above the ground it was
one of those drops where you're like
fuck it's just like annoying you know
like nothing's gonna happen but you're
just annoyed that you dropped it I look
down and I pick up my phone did I see
this completely fucking snatched like
this is what it looks like with it on
terrifying so that happened last night
right before I started drinking and
we're planning on going like out to the
mall or something today so I'm
definitely gonna need to do that because
I need to stop at the Apple store and
get that shit fixed but anyway it was
really funny
like the whole thing they're just stupid
and kind of funny and I'm annoyed
because I hate when that happens but
it's like I've dropped this phone like
from way way higher spots on harder
ground with more force and now it was
just like such a sad little nothing drop
it of broke the entire screen we also
made a fucking vine like real Viners it
was really funny basically we made use
of this broken screen and we made a vine
so it's on my online account if you want
to watch it but anyway I'm gonna finish
calculating right now and then we are
gonna probably meet up and go to a mall
somewhere we might go to the Grove we
might go to Glendale somewhere I don't
know we're just gonna figure it out and
do it but step one as always is Captain
a and I might take the dog for a walk
Oh also I forgot to tell you it's uh
it's like 10:30 right now I've we've
been up for we've being me and the dogs
have been up for like maybe 45 minutes
and they have not left the bedroom all
three of them they're just up there
being lazy fucks just laying in bed
alright it's been like an hour and a
half and these fuckers are still in bed
and you this like lazy lazy lazy are you
guys never gonna wake up what are you
waiting for you guys are just so
comfortable in this bed hello mister I'm
talking you mister schemee my bow Matt
but you want to go you want to go for a
oh I got your attention are you doing
buddy you okay yeah you just love bed
you just love bed in Kermit what's your
Excuse this bed reminds you of mommy
then Petrus wants to be like her
brother's lazy lazy lazy actually have
the world laziest dads in the world in
their laziest dad's universe like I'm
pretty sure if I left right now they
would probably just stay up here they
wouldn't even go downstairs Oh what are
you doing guys what the dying this is
like a weirdly inappropriate angle
according to the Breville which is not
real so calm down I just had six cups of
coffee now a cup of coffee for the
Breville copy machine we have is like
that much so I had probably maybe three
cuz a cup in real life is different than
in burn-up Cup oh I gotta go change my
laundry too oh my god it's such a busy
Saturday casually here for a bit now I'm
being lazy like you fucking guys man the
hell man oh my phone is still fucking
massively broken oh yeah another thing I
forgot to tell you guys is last night we
periscope like twice it was fun I don't
know how to tell you to follow me on
periscope but follow me on periscope I
don't know how you find me I guess
look for me on periscope I don't know
how it works but it was fun it was it's
like a great drunk activity because it's
very easy to do from your phone it's
like you stream but it you can take it
with you
oh sorry I just blacked out Oh what what
hey Jesus one thing I want to show you
guys which I didn't show yesterday is my
new golf club
I got myself a hybrid Club which for
those of you who don't really know much
about golf so there's a driver and then
there your woods
and the woods are like smaller drivers
that you can hit off the fairway so it's
a mix of a wood with the big head and an
iron so it's got like a medium head but
it's very easy to hit and you can hit it
off the ground out of the rough off of T
if you want and I used to have hybrids
younger but I know lost that set of
clubs so I get my mom's or something so
I went and bought this one this baby
oh yeah it's pretty sweet I really like
it it's a ping i20 even though the case
for it says that 25 and it's a 17 degree
club which means it's pretty it's pretty
solid like you can I was hitting this
thing like 260 ft at the rage the other
day cuz I went to the range with Tom
which was a lot of fun because I got to
hit her after I bought it but I'm so
psyched about it because right now all I
have is my driver in my arms I don't
have any woods anyway not that I would
hit them if I did have them but hello
they are naked
oh dude I'm going crazy oh my gosh I'm
super weird and going crazy cuz Jenna's
not here to keep me acting normal even
though I'm pretty weird with her too
there's just no rules now no rules Bret
where are you text me back so you're the
mom mom we go to the middle of mall I'm
gonna go outside in the swing this lazy
person so let's look at this insane
break like chips of glass are coming off
as I like use the phone it's fucking
terrifying what up guys we're back at
the mall because of this joint and the
album purchased Texican threats getting
eliminated good laminating now the Apple
Store texted me excited
let my team down so I'm gonna go over
there now and get myself a fixed screen
so I'm really excited to not have to
like worry about cutting my fingers from
texting
I'm headed back to the house afterwards
and then I'm in here with Josh
what up homes tweets coming home
replaced and Brett got like a thousand
shirts
I showed him 21 men and he went ham
sandwich fuck with us though we just got
in and out with two hours got my phone
work place got food got all of our shit
could trip to the mall we didn't
actually get in and out we were we were
just literally in and out fast
oh I'm not from Jersey where is my car
but now we gotta find that car I'll
probably not an easier time finding that
car from not looking at you guys nothing
personal right hey guys so I was just
showing at home and I realized it
surprised Josh's birthday such a bad
friend so I'm running out right now to
see if there's any cool high tops on
Ventura Boulevard that's what I'm doing
look at the cool high tops my friend
Josh alright see we can find so I first
went to a place called kicks cartel
that's the name of the store and they
had maybe five pairs of shoes a little
sorry but I think it's kind of getting
started
rude so I'm going to another store down
the street
hopefully they'll have more shoes they
do have more shoes I've been there but
hopefully they have high tops because
jars like tire toxins so I ran to the
mall in an attempt to find shoes for
Josh's birthday and I didn't find any
but as I was leaving I'm like trying
through with my sunglasses on like
walking fast because I'm trying to move
I hear someone call my name in a Tara
it's freakin Arnold he's uh he was at
the mall with heart just kind of
shopping and having a
boyfriend/girlfriend day and I was first
time I met Hart I have not met heart
before so super super random but I just
saw Arnold apart but that was really
funny we're gonna see each other
tomorrow which is so Hey Arnold hey
sorry I completely didn't see you I was
like what up guys so after going to four
different locations and stores I finally
found a good shop that had solid high
tops and a good selection so I got Josh
to dope-ass high tops for his birthday
and I want to show you guys but don't
tell him just kidding he's gonna already
have gotten them by the time you see
this these are the ones I got they are
like shiny burgundy Air Jordans I've
been maybe not texting with Colleen to
get tips on what he likes and doesn't
like in his shoe in his size so I came
up with these so I'm happy I'm excited
that I got some good ones so that's what
I was doing basically all day anyway I'm
gonna close the vlog now I know I said I
was gonna hang out with Josh which I am
but I don't want the vlog to stay open
just you waiting for that you'll get it
in the next vlog I'll vlog when I see
him tonight but I wanted to close this
vlog and say thank you guys for watching
this has been a fun little weekend vlog
I love you guys so much and I'll see you
tomorrow for the next block right bite
