so Jenna and I went to bed at like 6:00
a.m. last night because of shooting a
long wait drunk video because of Kermit
because we had to take her to the
emergency vet because he's doing this
wooded thing it's breathing
it was like an allergic reaction or
something but he's fine but we were up
really late it's like wonderful so we
just woke up and now we're going to set
our favorite place we're gonna have
cakes and have a baby now you know what
you gonna get
it's a big-ass menu
but yeah it's not she'd a can or
anything Hicks so you got goofy pancakes
oh yes tater tots
thank you you guys thing is great yeah
thanks I got to fix one thing though
thanks for making all thanks for sweet
yo what up guys so Jenna is leaving
she's gonna be out of town this weekend
a little bit next week and then I'm
going somewhere on Monday and Tuesday so
I'm gonna miss her again and we're not
gonna have cheat meal this Sunday so
we're getting it in right now
we went to one these photos cloth
Wendy's was closed so we had it audible
and get some cows jr. but we got some
burgers and but yeah we're having some
shitty food together because we're not
gonna be able to have cheat meal on
Sunday how many some shitty first yes oh
yeah so all day today our fucking
DirecTV DirecTV has been doing this like
I feel like I'm in fucking 1999 like
what is that like I can't I restarted it
countless times
they're like begging us to leave them
because this is just like one of the
many fucking things that we don't have
working for directories Thank You
DirecTV now we don't even watch but
we're gonna need some crappy food right
now so just watch TV hey TV
don't just watch TV break your TV by
throwing your remote at it in
frustration yeah yeah I don't know how
to get the mouth
spout on this side if I want to hold it
with my right hand I've tried like
unscrewing it but ten times and it
doesn't always ends up the lefty way
fuck anyway hey guys I'm on my way to
work right now trying to get caffeinated
on my way we were up pretty late last
night just because of the schedule we
were on like we weren't tired at a
normal hour so we we stayed kind of late
got some crappy food at night but that's
what that's what you do man that's what
memories are made of yeah so I gotta go
to work whatever and then we'll come
home and I need a workout so i'mma tell
you I'm gonna work out because if I tell
you I know I'm going to do it so I'm
going to work out when I get home and
then Jenna's gonna have her show stuff
done and we might go to the mall and get
some clothes to wear later so check in
with you guys in a bit
Hey look someone put Easter Egg
decorations in the in the kitchen at
work isn't it fun to be a part of an
office environment
office environments are so fun I don't
hate work because my office is a fun
office it's so fun we have decorations
in the camaraderie or so much spirit in
my office it's so fun it's just fun it's
like not even work it's fun I like it I
enjoy coming here look at all the
decorations I mean how could you not
like it inspired into this house of
cards means came up from no no you
cannot just say two great shows and say
it's them together it's about Jesus it's
called ad hey does any one know why if
I'm driving in traffic like maybe for
like I don't know three miles after I've
left the place
why my phone is still trying to connect
to Wi-Fi who is that helping what should
there not be a function than if you're
moving a certain whatever I'm just in
I'm in a little bit of a really
complaining mood right now I'm sorry
guys maybe it's a conspiracy to not let
people use their phone while they drive
that's what my guess is the government
enforced that Wi-Fi thing on your phone
maybe connect to Wi-Fi while you're
driving so you cannot properly connect
to any Wi-Fi and therefore you can't
text and drive that's my guess but what
is the government doing to stop me from
vlogging and driving that's what I
thought Obama I mean yeah it's Obama's
far everything's Obama's fault possibly
need a little more caffeine good morning
guys
so I just got up it's bright and early
and it's almost time for Jenna to go her
car's even here rooms here I just ran
into the store for her to get some
last-minute like caffeine and supplies
for her trip but uh yeah she's she's
leaving right now so we're getting her
ready and as soon as she goes uh I think
I'm just going to take the dogs for a
nice long walk because I don't have work
for a few hours and uh I was going to
stop at the golf shop after work and I
figured since I'm gonna be gone for a
few hours I might as well give him a
walk but yeah first the first thing is
the engine out the door on time but good
morning chick path you guys a little bit
all right
peg dolphin so Jenna just left she just
went out the door and on her way to the
airport
I miss her I'm gonna probably take them
for a walk like I said I'm still for the
moment having a caffeinate lefty what is
this I wish I could cabin a righty I'm
better at it so I'm just sitting here
with my hope shake right now full of
kale because the caffeine that I'm
drinking in my coffee felt not enough I
need some greens yeah it's good so a
couple things josh is back in town I
think or today I think he gets back in
town so I'm pumped to see him finally
been forever he's been gone for like two
and a half weeks also I got a lot of
cool things in my brain for my second
channel just Julianne I'll link that
channel right here so you guys can go
find it I really appreciate how many of
you guys are going over there to support
the you know that Center on YouTube for
me like I love the fact
I've made this really cool thing logging
and I always love logging and I want to
blog for a long time but I do want to
also feed my creative side and I think
that second channel is a great outlet
for that so I got a lot of cool stuff in
my brain and I'm genuinely like excited
and I'm happy I have that excited
feeling because it's a good feeling to
have to be kind of nervous and also
excited to put content out because I've
never been a content creator I've just
blogged so thank you guys so much for
you know checking that channel out like
you guys have and I'm gonna be posting
there as much as I can I'm not going to
give you guys any sort of schedule
because I don't want to hold myself to
that at this point especially with a lot
going on but I just wanted to let you
guys know that I'm excited and I thank
you for that that's going to be it for
the vlog today thank you guys so much
for watching it's Friday right now and
you guys are gonna get this pretty early
on Friday so if you want to see the rest
of my weekend you can just follow me on
snapchat Julien solo because I normally
snapchat a lot on the weekends because
who doesn't snapchat on the weekends the
weekends are snapchat hours yeah thanks
again so much for watching and I hope
you guys all have a great weekend I will
see you guys Monday alright bye
you
