this is a rare occurrence and right now
I'm a dangerous person a dangerous
person and the reason why is that I've
been up for like three maybe four hours
and I have not had caffeine I don't even
know what life is our I am so
ridiculously caffeine dependent it's bad
what do I do
uh well don't look at me like that dude
don't even cook so like when when we go
upstairs for whatever reason in Kermit
like doesn't come with us and then I
come back down and he like realizes his
mom left him he gets into this like
clenched like freaking out like world is
ending mode and uh just now I had him at
the bottom of the stairs and the door
was open up there and he like realized
she was up there so I was like okay okay
and he's like not having fun he's like
freaking out
and I like him a little poundabout and
he scaled these stairs faster
than I'm pretty sure any animal or human
could and has ever done it like it was
world record speed looked like it was in
fast-forward he just like flew up the
stairs because he was so nervous I like
to call that nervous speed it's like you
don't even train to be that fast or
you're not even physically that athletic
but when you're that nervous your body
moves in ways that you didn't know
possible what am I even talking about
right now I need some caffeine and it's
hot out why am i wearing pants oh we
gotta go soon we really go to like we
gotta go to get caffeine and we gotta go
to get video supplies and I need to
change our pants because it's too hot to
be wearing these pants right now hi
Jesus light I love the edit that's on me
when I was like up here looking and
they're like when Jesus isn't working
why aren't you working Jesus classic
Jesus wow that's probably really
offensive I captured him I want to see
if he can run that fast
so I'm gonna try that are you ready you
see your mommy up there what's the odds
work this well she can eyeball my
looking for someone oh yeah did you see
that
like that's nervous speed goes equally
as fast he just goes on his own time my
back when I look at you baby this
lightning fast and terrifying to you
guys the guy come on don't worry your
records safe peaches like why am i
surrounded by weird dogs teacher over
dog to good makeup removing odor on
makeup to face there's no rules right
now when I've locked on caffeinated
it's like longing drunk this is no
unfiltered ass huh could
you won't wipe your face off at all oh
yeah you wanna wait money all week away
Herman how you doing buddy
did you scale those stairs in like 0.4
seconds I hope you guys like this uncap
native nonsense lock me in Germanic oh
it says the caffeinated 1g drink
caffeine and tells me I'm being
surrounded
oh geez alright alright it's a long she
talks did you think good girl oh my god
it just popped Karen I'm sorry
little choir amazed ago going to the
theater night we can see on going to see
the stress choir do you want your medal
for first place the stair climb I mean
you did you deserve it you smashed the
world record my lovely my first egg II
love this a kick in the chest is spot
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh man I found what I forgot I had
that
hey see you already yes all night that
night she won't stop I hate it you saw
is here who has been annoying me all
frickin night so that's what you get
hey guys what's up my man grocery store
it's like 11 o'clock right now and I'm
grabbing some supplies for a video
jettisoning video and I want to let you
know that I put up a video on just
Julian that's right there you can check
it out by placement it was a gaming
video so I'm really excited to see how
you guys take that or not because I'm
trying to do stuff out have a lot of
ideas that channel but I wanted to let
you guys know not because I've heard a
lot of people telling to my gaming
videos so all we did so that is what I
just spent some time on tonight putting
around these supplies and then head back
to the house we can start shooting but I
wanted to check everything eyes
probably close the block when I get home
so I'll see you guys in a bit
all right sorry guys I forgot to close
the vlog last night because I was busy
pulling a April Fool's Day prank on
Jenna which you can watch on this
channel I love you guys so much thanks
for watching and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the last vlog of the week
okay
I marvel it's the last vlog in a week my
brothers are the last vlog in a week
well did you like to April Fool's Day
prank wobbles and I are getting closer
than ever lately he and I are becoming
real best buds which I'm really happy
about well abroad time yeah bubble the
run away the beep are we even bros
lately it's funny I'll hang out with him
and peach we'll get like mad jealous but
whatever bros going bro we need to bro
out sometimes well but you have a good
April Fool's Day I just slept on the
couch anyway I didn't even get to prank
all right well we say we love you guys
and we'll see you tomorrow for the next
world all right
thanks for watching see ya are you gonna
watch tomorrow's vlog are you gonna
watch the vlog tomorrow did you like the
April Fool's Day prank Oh
you
