hey guys so I just got home and it's
March 31st for another 50 minutes and
then the next day that comes is April
1st so what I'm going to do is I'm gonna
go to the podcast room where all of our
video equipment is and I'm gonna hide
our big new camera and I'm gonna open
the door to the outside cuz there's a
door to the street right there I'm gonna
yell to Jenna and I'm gonna act like our
big new camera was stolen right out of
our house so I'm gonna step Bloggie up
somewhere in the room and hopefully my
acting doesn't suck so much that she
doesn't believe me in like 45 minutes
we'll do that alright so I've left the
door open to the outside for like a good
15 minutes so it gets cold in here so
she actually thinks that it's been open
for a while and I got Jenna's camera
planted up there and now I'm gonna go
get the GoPro I hide it in the corner
over there so we get a couple angles but
yeah I'm gonna get her down now and
freak her out all right going upstairs
get her right now uh what the fuck
Jenna did you leave the door open in a
pod Katherine it's open in our camera
are no fuckin cameras did we leave it in
there no I'm fucking not can you come
down please
oh my god we up ledger press I didn't
move it right because I feel like holy
shit
this was closed using it's been fucking
open
what time is it I saw the gold pearl
hanging in the closet and I was just
like I don't know what the fuck you're
laughing I'm gonna call 911 but you know
obviously just the thought of like
someone coming in freaked me out I don't
know I was setting up truly you say
Julian alright so can we just like say
take my camera it's too using around
I've got you pretty good now it's time
to shoot your real video i I'm sorry I
thought about it and I did not think it
was gonna go that well I understand that
you're gonna be on to me why would they
not take the GoPro the GoPro that's Brit
blinking red right now
it just seemed like weird to me that
someone would break into that I was like
in the middle something like I brought
their camera got Jack fucking like a
drag queen at the fucking gate you take
it out of the bathroom if we lost this
thing just kind of walked into our house
and took it like a boss yeah just
holding it like that just running with a
giant ass tripod camera good job
happy April Fool's Day okay I guess not
you since the face I've had it it's only
364 more days till I'll do it again
you know someone's video suggestion was
get drunk and shine we know we're gonna
work like oh like we'd have to resort to
thank you
knocking big things of water off of
doors well let you finish getting ready
thank you yeah you'll see it all right
two years in a row that's all right see
you guys
