it's been weeks that I've deprived you
of your want your need your urge to
watch me cook food J and J's kitchen
sorry I was so dramatic what's up guys I
am NOT going to just give you a long
today it's going to be a J and J's
kitchen and I know a lot of you have
asked for it because I've just not
cooked a lot in the last couple months
so I haven't made Janne J's kitchen and
I know you guys really like it so I
decided today's video is going to be a
big-ass JJ's kitchen it's called my
protein lunch so I just got a little
workout in I'm feeling good I hydrated I
like to generally keep it low carb for
the most part when I'm eating right
throughout the day at night I like to
add more carbs so what I'm going to show
you because jenna is a little busy right
now
is my version of a protein lunch which
includes a shake in a meal so some of
the ingredients are going to need are
eggs kale scallions chicken sausage
turkey bacon more kale unsweetened
vanilla almond milk and protein powder
also if you want to have a frozen fruit
in your shake which is part of the
protein shake you can also have that I
might do that too so we're making is
we're making a protein frittata so
you're gonna take two eggs and two egg
whites you want to make sure you're
whisking it pretty thoroughly so it's
nice and puffy
once you're done and ready to pour it
and while that's sitting we're going to
chop up our chicken sausage in our
turkey bacon once that's done we're
going to let it rest on a plate clean
the pan place the contents of the bacon
sausage in the pan and then you're going
to throw the eggs in so you're also
going to need a pan that can go inside
of an oven completely like the handle
needs to be able to go inside let's get
started
so we are going to heat that hand and
once it's nice and hot you're going to
throw the protein the turkey bacon and
the chicken sausage and the scallions in
to saute for about two to three minutes
because they're all the meat is already
cooked because it's Turkey making the
chicken sauce is just not rocks like
precooked we're going to get that nice
and ready and once that's done we're
going to take it off
come on
we're going to throw a little bit of
kale in just to add a little bit of
green to it make sure you don't have the
stems in there
so we're now going to just let this food
this mixture of scallions and 13 rests
in a boiler so it doesn't stay too hot
we're going to let it cool down on the
bowl then we're going to clean out okay
so we just finished cooking the protein
and a little bit of kale and scallions I
forgot to mention you know the kale in
there to saute it - so that's all
resting in a row right now we just
finished cleaning the pan and now what
we're going to do is we're going to take
like I said two eggs and two egg whites
and we are going to scramble it up let
it sit in a bowl so that is our
scrambled eggs with two full eggs and
two egg whites and once we finish that
when you're not going to go to the
toaster oven or the oven whatever you're
using and put it on broil high embroil
so we turn that on it's getting ready to
go on broil and now what we're going to
do is we're going to take the clean pan
and get a little bit of oil in it and
then we're going to keep it on low low
heat and put this inside the pan and you
just want to spread it around in the pan
so that the oil kind of covers every
little piece of pit are you doing
somebody's ready for J & JS kitchen I
got a phone call I don't know if your
almond brown Hey okay so I'm going to
leave the camera set up on the pan so
you're going to watch I do but I'm gonna
explain really quick you're going to
keep it on low and as it starts to get a
little bit hard you're going to add the
egg mix and so it's all going to be in
there and what you're going to do is
you're going to scoop the outsides so
the eggs stay like separate and not
sticking to the pan and you're going to
do this and kind of let the house I'd
cook a little more in the inside for
about maybe a minute and a half and then
we're going to throw it in the broiler
for five minutes and that's going to
cook the rest also now would be a good
time right before the broiler to add any
cheese if you wanted to do that I like
to have goat cheese so that's what's
going to happen right now I'm gonna do
it right now and you guys check it out
so once it's about right there the
middle shouldn't really be cooked too
much we're going to throw it in on on
the top shelf and let it cook for about
five minutes and sometimes it'll stick a
little bit and there's really nothing
you do about that
so sometimes if it sticks it's okay
don't worry about it but while we're
letting that cook we're going to get you
the shake so as you saw before I had a
lot more kale that I just used so we are
going to put it all into TFI GMX
so we got the kale in there we're going
to add our almond milk about maybe like
a cup you're going to just kind of
eyeball it a scoop of protein powder
because after all it is a protein power
lunch also we got the almond milk
protein powder and kale now I'm just
going to throw a couple of frozen
strawberries in there to keep it a
little light and fruity and also cold so
my protein powder is vanilla which means
this is a strawberry vanilla kale shake
it's actually it's actually pretty good
it's not it's not bad now we are going
to blend this bad boy up for 20 to 30
seconds and that shake is done
so that is what our kale shake is going
to end up looking like right now our
eggs should be done so we're gonna take
it out of the other
so our final product of the power
protein launch is the kale shake right
here and our protein frittata now it's
time to I am sweating which means I'm
about to make some mad fucking gains
where do you want a gain everywhere um
I'm gonna eat this now and I'll show you
my first fight because I know you guys
like excuse you yeah excuse you uh
excuse you um excuse you that's mine I
just made that excuse me that's mine I
just made it come here
well look she said left me on the table
how sweet it's nice because it's like
all stuck together
oh yeah tech games oh no make you one
that's really good
highly recommend this lunch it doesn't
drag you down but it gives you all
protein you alright gonna go it's a
lunch for me it's gonna it's gonna go
down my mouth now okay I'll see you guys
in a little bit okay bye in the
aftermath of the Julian tornado all done
my rule of thumb is if your kitchen
looks like that when you're finished
probably did a good job hey guys so
that's it for today's vlog thank you for
watching something quick I wanted to let
you guys know I've decided that I need a
day during the week to get myself
working on other things because I have a
lot going on with the live show coming
up and my second channel the podcast so
I won't be putting blogs up on Mondays
anymore just because I need that day to
really kind of in addition to getting
all the work I have to get done I really
do feel like I need a little time for me
and you know from for just kind of
shutting off I haven't been doing that
that well because I've been vlogging so
much so don't freak out no Monday vlog
so I might bring it back I never know
and
yeah so thank you guys for watching so
much I love you guys and I'll see you in
tomorrow's walk right
