hey I'm at the airport right now I just
got here in past security
I gotta find my gate and I got a little
time to wait so I get some food maybe a
drink
but yeah headed to New York City JFK is
where I'm going
complying Virgin America and I like
flying virgin because it's normally
really good so I'm excited excited to
see my buddy she's trying to get through
the gate trying to get legs and get to
New York and get legs oh yeah they look
food
to play right now
my god
nope
I just want to get hit see you guys in
New York
you know so we just landed we had to do
a hard landing or something like that
we're relying on the runway and took a
really really crowded bus to the Cape so
I'm walking a baggage type right now
yeah just really excited to go see my
buddy
it's like almost 1 a.m. right now so
gotta get going hey what's up guys so
good morning
it's Saturday I just woke up pretty
early and it just started snowing so
it's snowing outside but this is the
view I got pretty damn sweet and it's
funny like everyone who lives here um my
buddy Jay so I'm staying with and
everyone if I'm talking to who also
lives here is like damn it's fucking
snowing and it runs on Twitter
complaining and I'm like it's snowing I
totally am NOT a New Yorker so I like
this now um yeah so we are currently
caffeinated because chase caffeinate
swell so we are gonna probably go out
and get donuts for him and then also go
shopping because I think he needs to get
like a suit or a tuxedo for some event
so we're gonna get the city and see
what's up Chris Mel burger hit me up and
him and Shannon are celebrating shans
birthday tonight around where we are so
I'm gonna hopefully stop by and see them
which should be fine I'm fully rested
feeling good and I'm in New York so
let's do a New York caffeinated Cheers
hi caffeinate I'm even awake for like an
hour so naturally very go first
you guys remember changed we thought the
Dunkin Donuts on the way here to chase
needed something to get us here he was
running low we got a waiver at the
Duncans careful
copyright yeah and it's snowing so super
New York all right I'm gonna eat now
forget all this snow it snows the day I
get here I love it
my whole body's governance now it's so
weird to have dry precipitation that's
like a new thing for me but I'm loving
this he's awesome get snow you should go
back to the apartment and we looked out
the window and it's like the white
everywhere it's awesome
oh yeah do that so cool it's a weird a
soup store right now fitting chase for
15 of us and everything is really crappy
and expensive but sitting here man you
know throughout the entire day like a
lot of pink tonight so many big time we
love you behind me imagine if I lived
here just come here this is Sarah and
we're just now chasing I just work out
that's the heater in this place every
like 30 minutes
that noise happens and you want to know
where I slept last night I slept right
right against the here somehow I got to
sleep though
but they're just playing some ping pong
and we order dinner and we just have it
a little worked out it was pretty
pathetic that's why you didn't see it
but uh yeah we're gonna have some food
and then they're gonna start drinking
and you're like we're gonna go see Chris
first and at the bar that they're going
to and then you know what I'm just gonna
finish this later because you can't even
hear me too fucking loud
it sounds like a weight is coming he
sounds like we're gonna fight crash down
by a wave
except you were in the small no charity
look like a monster yeah I cut that one
special for you so I just had a fucking
amazing night when he went into a bunch
of places we started off meeting Kristen
Chan and a whole bunch of miners because
there was apparently like a meet-up and
we met a bunch of cool people and then
chase had to bounce so I met my keep if
who is our guy who put Singh at the gems
radio show on Sirius XM and he took me
around and kind of showed me because he
lives in New York he show me his
stomping around
I forgot rocky but you know it would
have probably just been all like really
drunk vlogs but we you know we stayed
out and it was awesome because he took
me around to a couple bars after every
everyone left and otherwise that would
have probably just ended up here early
but I had a full-blown like till 5:00
a.m. New York night and I'm really happy
about it because I don't know I came
here and feel like I did New York okay
so I just want to take NIT you guys I'll
see you guys in the morning one of the
airport for my flight tomorrow night but
it's super late and I was like past 5:00
a.m. so I'm gonna tuck myself in and go
to sleep
but I wanted to get on here and say hi I
love you guys and I didn't mean
intellect to you by leaving vloggy at
home I was really just kind of
experiencing life and meeting people and
Chris and sham Chris Melbourne Shan are
the cutest and I love them so much
they're the sweetest people ever and
Mikey TIFF is awesome dude for taking me
around and chase is the best for housing
me here and I'm so excited how this trip
went so I love y'all I'll see you in
like two seconds but really it's gonna
be like six to eight hours for me okay
bye oh good morning guys
oh I don't know if I'm alive right now
I'm like I'm like tire hung up you know
but yeah we're just hanging out spending
the last couple hours I have here
together
Chase is reading a New York Times
article what women were asked to draw
their breasts and write a sentence about
it so there's a little dehydration she
did yeah it's probably what's going on
and we could--we to dive early we were
talking about
I had a great time I'm gonna link chase
below so you guys can follow him on
Instagram on Twitter and chef I can't
wait to come back here because I had a
blast chases the man for letting me stay
with him but we had I'm psyched that I
came I gotta do it again so you know
what when he when he free
my schedule gone but yeah I'm gonna
close the vlog now because it's just
gonna be a lot more airport shit you
guys I want to see that so thank you for
watching I love you guys and I'll see
you tomorrow
all right bye see my cheese
