morning guys so I'm getting up right now
hello breakfast and I'm going to meet
someone from celiac dot-org for lunch
that is a website it's it's an
organization it's a nonprofit
organization that basically just helps
people who have celiac disease they have
resources they have conventions all
sorts of stuff and they reached out to
work with me and I'm totally up to
hearing anything that they want to do
because if I can at all help the cause
of spreading celiac awareness and all
that stuff then I'm gonna do it so I'm
gonna go up coffee with them right now
and then probably go to Josh and
Coleen's to grab mail again and maybe
the PIO box but I'm just trying to get
my stuff together and then later on
Jenna's got her recording of her serious
show and I'll check back with you guys
in a bit
well it is hot in the valley today damn
I just finished having coffee with
Jillian from celiac or team gluten-free
they have a national organization
they've been around for years and they
reached out to me and I like I told you
like I jumped at the opportunity so
we're gonna work on some cool stuff to
do together simply because I'm on Team
gluten-free and I want to help those out
there who have to go through the shit
that I went through because I know how
much it sucks but we might be thinking
about maybe doing some sort of meetup in
LA or somewhere around here area for the
celiac org foundation obviously it would
just be a meet-up and they would put it
on or something but let me know if you
guys would be interested in something
like that but right now I'm I'm nice and
caffeinated and I'm headed over to pick
up some mail at the Ballinger Evans
residence then I'm gonna head back home
and maybe play some fucking video games
I wanna play some video games man I was
watching downrangegaming which is Jesse
from prank vs. prank gaming channel and
he just fucks around on GTA and it made
me want to like put up a video like that
either on like just Julian or something
I don't know but yeah I wanna I want to
do some gaming videos maybe just isn't
so fun my face is like red because of
how hot I am right now I'm not even
I'm just I was inside it's just hot it's
85 no that's where our nuts got to be
like 90 all right I'm gonna stop barking
now hi oh yeah check out my new shirt I
went to the PIO locks cuz they were just
overflowing with shit and then we're not
gonna do a whole peel box opening cuz
it's only a few things but someone sent
me this from society6 let me see uh
Ilana Mady sent me this and it's so
badass but it's for the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 plus so it doesn't fit I'm
stoked as shit to have it Thank You
Alana I'm gonna probably hang it on the
podcast wall if you somethin with it
because it's a really cool design I
don't know how that other works maybe
someone designed it and then put it in
as a customer but either way thank you
that's fucking really thoughtful of you
we are trying to figure out what this is
yeah okay so the red bubble sent this a
glue pillow and I didn't make this so
don't get offended those of you who know
people who served in the war they sent
us this poster from red bubble I think
red bubble with selling Kermit shirts
I'm not sure but anyway they sent us the
glue pillow and then get ready okay oh
my god the war is never over and as a
silhouette of Kermit looking into the
distance around trenches barbed wire and
turrets I'm sorry I I think it's
hilarious that they made that don't get
offended I'm sorry anyone who gets
offended by that joke someone also sent
us this giant can this bad thing I don't
know what it is honestly though I can't
get over how cool this thing is it's one
of the coolest designs ever we've got a
record show she's not writing it I
really like this shirt it's like super
comfortable team gluten free baby it's a
bad it's you peachie like the bed it's
pretty cool it's probably great for like
traveling you throw in the car when we
go to like a hotel or something huh
Thank You Nick they like being up high
so that's why it's like great thank you
for sending that who sent that
well whoever sent that bed to us thank
you guys is very sweet all right it's
time for a bro time with marble so
marble why don't you talk to me about
how much you're barking right now and
why you've upped the volume threefold in
the last
our non-stop barking but I just did a
little completely impromptu home workout
because I went upstairs and I was like I
don't feel like getting dressed but I'm
gonna still work out so I like totally
worked out and like nothing about my
underwear on a t-shirt that's honestly
the biggest reason why I made the effort
to put that together so I wouldn't have
to like mentally prepare for being in
public to workout I could just do it so
I'm still out of breath from that and
then I took a shower ice-cold and I
shaved super fucking productive man
that's my new debit cards and people get
it no Jesus because act like the world
is ending we're naughty naughty it's
just the UPS guy Kermit's in the other
room freaking out - you trained
he's like trained Kermit to freak the
fuck out like Italian Greyhounds are not
even supposed to be that big of Barker's
they they don't tend to really bark a
lot but because Marvel has trained him
Kermit is now allowed Barker that was my
new debit card right in time cuz I am
leaving in like an hour to go to dinner
with Rob Dyke you guys probably know him
from why would you put that on the
Internet we met at playlist tri-state in
November and he looks I think in Boston
though the East Coast yeah Boston and
he's been meaning to come out for a
while so he's in town he wants to grab
dinner so we're gonna do that which
should be fun
cool yeah I'm blogging here do you mind
like putting your toy on hold no believe
me okay that's fun yeah so I'm gonna
activate this get my body dressed and
then hopefully be ready to go in a
little bit high five
it's Friday hey what's up guys I just
got sushi with my buddy Rob guy hey
everybody
he asks you why you would put things on
the Internet
really fucking funny so we just
basically we yeah why do you shouldn't
we just hate obscene amounts of fish and
laughed for about an hour and a half
straight well we have a question for you
he tweeted I'm gonna write the hashtag
sup bitch how was the Disney Channel
right I don't want you guys in the
comments guess what it means because I
feel like a couple of you will get it
yes yes whoever way to do it relate to
it and what why we came up with it
because it's very simple and we're
simpletons yeah we're not smart people
know so we just laughed for about an
hour at it straight we were saying if
that was our last tweet we died we would
be like legend ever that would be
perfect just the laughs I think on the
internet I'll bomb yeah I'm just mad
it's a straight legend perfect but yeah
Rob Dyke I'll link his channel below you
guys probably probably already have
heard of it but yeah we're just gonna
keep laughing now until we get our
fucking over exes what's going on guys
so I just got home I had an absolute
blast with Rob at dinner he is a funny
motherfucker we just ate lots and lots
of sushi which we both love doing and a
lot of times when were with other people
we don't get to eat as much as we like
but we were on the same level so we both
ate enough sushi for our liking which
was nice and we just laughed like I said
I'll link his channel below but he's got
a great fucking channel and he was just
in town visiting for the week so he was
like let's meet up cuz we met at
playlist in November so there's a lot of
fun and you know Rob now I'm back home
with these little ones she didn't even
get up to say how to be yet not even
once she's just been chewing that
fucking thing marbles even said hi
Ichigo each but I'm gonna turn in for
the night we're gonna watch a little TV
and then I got that probably pack a
little bit if I can before I go to sleep
but I wanted to sign off with you guys
and say I love you thanks for watching
and I'll see you on Monday like I said
I'm gonna be in New York this weekend
I'm visiting my buddy I'll vlog it but
you'll see if Monday I love you guys so
much thanks for watching alright alright
