bacon and kale maybe that's on waking up
right now we're out of eggs how you
normally make eggs and kale but we only
have bacon and kale so I made bacon and
kale good morning I'm gonna go eat this
breakfast right now and have some coffee
and get cafes so we can do this video
take make it up bitch
cheers to your caffeination and cheers
to my bacon and kale bacon and kale so
I'm totally like not sitting on the
toilet right now Wow
so fucking inappropriate but hey
whatever it's my channel do what the
hell I want you guys have told me I
should switch banks to chase how do I
switch back I don't know how to adult I
want to switch banks cuz think America
sucks man but I don't know I guess I
gotta figure that out
do you mind also baseball season is
coming up and I've been thinking about
doing a fantasy baseball team I don't
know if you guys can see baseball but
I'm gonna look into that maybe I'll let
you guys know what I do about that and
then you can play with me or something I
don't know if you guys care about
fantasy baseball I used to play all the
time like in in high school and we put
money in the pot and stuff but yeah
baseball season April is such a great
month man birthday season baseball
season
hot weather season all right I'm gonna
finish in the bathroom this is so fucked
up I just found the best natural
lighting never really even realized it
before just one of those little holes in
our roof what do you called I'll think
of it later I'm currently wearing my own
merch like an asshole and I'm gonna do
some cardio not like yeah you're welcome
for this little segment of my day I'm
gonna go now bye so I'm just doing a
little sculpting workout and then I'm
gonna help
or some cardio every time I say the word
cardio and I think of not gonna tell you
what it's from I wanna see if you know
when he's like hoping our wives can step
it up a little bit a little mo cardio
I'm really curious to see if you guys
know that's wrong yeah I hate cardio but
I know that it makes me look better
trade-off there so yeah I'm trying to do
some pull-ups and push-ups and then hop
on the rower and then Jenna should have
formulated a nice nugget of a video idea
so we can attack it and shoot it and
make it so you can watch it and hate it
I'm just giving you like alright I'm
procrastinating my workout ah what's up
guys so I just worked out and I had an
idea that I would kind of give you a
little routine because I know a lot of
you guys are into fitness and new
workouts and diet stuff so I figured I
would just kind of tell you some of the
things that I do to make it like a
workout if you have a stationary bike or
a rowing machine
I didn't doing this complex that I
really like it's quick you get not only
fast and it burns like intense it's like
high intensity intervals warm up for one
minute and then for ten minutes after
that you do 20-second sprint to
20-second rest so it's 20 20 20 20
on/off on/off and it's not like rest
completely stop you're resting but
you're still doing so if you're on a
bike you're gonna bike easy if you're on
a rower you're gonna row easy but it's
the 20 20 and you do it for 10 minutes
you're gonna feel pretty exhaust after
10 minutes but it's not like to the
point where you want to throw up it's
like manageable plus in your mind it's
like okay I only up to 10 minutes so I
want to share that with you because I've
been doing that a lot if you guys are
into cardio or trying to do stuff like
that that works really great so I'm
finished I'm currently having my Hulk
shake which is kale and coconut water
hoses tri berries and protein powder so
that's pretty good it doesn't even taste
that anyway right now we are kind of
still discussing ideas for the video and
finalizing what we're gonna do I'll see
you guys in a little bit we are more
close to shooting this video what's
going on guys so we are about to have
dinner but I'm cooking we are grilling
some steaks outside and it looks really
nice that is what we're working with
today we got some broccoli going inside
and it should be a nice fresh meaty
dinner full protein and greens America
and then we're gonna take W to the
airport so she's leaving but after we do
that then we're gonna
moving on the video we're just gonna
have dinner right now I just want to
show you my food because I'm really into
it I'm really into food and I'm into you
guys so I figured you guys should meet
food you guys you guys my steak
medium-rare for myself and we got medium
for Debbie and medium for Jenna Jenna
likes hers a little more well done so
this is not as pink Debbie will deal
with a little pink as she likes that and
I got the medium rare because there is
no other way to eat steak here we go
baby
ready tour we got broccoli we've got
looking a little bit of soy sauce and
olive oil there you go Jamie's kitchen
result edition only I'm gonna eat that
we just dropped off the Debbie machine
at their poor iw machine it was nice
seeing you sad I miss you man well
thanks for coming though it's nice to
see you hopefully we get to do soon now
time to go home to dogs dogs I got
caught in the wind you want a dog
peachie go go to the couch couch go
every time I discipline her she runs
home
wake up
Kermit care Kermit care more okay hey
guys so we are winding down for the
night finishing up Jenna's stuff and I'm
over here editing the vlog but I wanted
to get on here and just sign off with
you guys this weekend tomorrow actually
I'm gonna be going to New York to visit
a friend of mine I'm really excited to
go see he's my buddy chase who lives out
there and I never really get to see him
so I made the trip a couple weeks ago
and I'm gonna go visit him this weekend
and hang out in the city and see him so
I'm excited for that which I will vlog
but I want to let you guys know I won't
be around this weekend anyway I hope you
guys have a great Thursday and stay
caffeinated I love you guys so much
thanks for watching the vlog and I'll
see you tomorrow
