hey guys how's it going so I'm just
waking up right now and hanging out I
had some coffee and did a little workout
and I do want to say thank you for all
the nice comments you guys are leaving
here on my 200th video I'm reading them
all and it means a lot in all between
Saturday you guys mean a lot to me yeah
we're back to blogs now so hope you're
ok with that
can you go to the Rings with my brother
and you'll see that but I'll check back
in you guys in a bit hey guys what's up
right now I am at Santa Monica beach
because I'm meeting my brother he does
the rings like I guys work out so he
wanted me to come do that with him
because he's a beast so I came down and
said I wanna do the Rings with him so
that's right I'm right now beautiful but
yeah that's what we're gonna do roll
back in and check that because when I'm
done
you guys have not seen the Debbie
machine on the vlog yet and you've been
asking for so I figured I'd give her to
you the W machine in the flesh in the
vlog e in the log e
okey well you dare you is we were on the
podcast with her last night and you guys
clearly enjoy that because we're reading
the comments and we watch the podcast
and die laughing again this morning but
the Debbie machine because you guys are
so funny
they're so funny and you're so not as
funny as a Debbie machine no they're fun
they help me funny
a bunch of people tweeted Debbie a
picture of Dick Cheney and wrote you
just got dick rolled on Twitter today
you internet you sell funny internet
tell you why you cleaning so much stop
it
hey yo mom quick clean it make me some
evil some me whoa so that's mom number
one and mom number two I'm going to see
tonight because it's her birthday my
mom's roof it's night so I'm gonna head
out in a couple hours and go me my fam
because my mommy is how old is she how
old is my mom she was born in 1958 57 my
mom's 57 I'm gonna go celebrate today
and have dinner with them and I'll bring
you with me see it's my brother 58 - we
have our math right whatever is so hard
yeah she's 57 but I think we're gonna go
dark park now an entertainer dock wall
glide yoga Inge yeah it's a bipod -
bipod Kermit are you helping your mommy
Olga oh I'm ding frog frog
what frog Oh also one of the things we
got at Target the other day was this our
otter nest with some mail below it but
I'm not going to show you the mail
because it has our address on my sneaky
little guys even alarm now that's
Colleen in Josh's mail
we're keeping it safe and tidy and warm
for the mother out in Australia pinyin
out with kangaroos and drinking Flyway
yeah we're gonna dump our top cop by
peach what good girl good girl good not
crying mama goes around peeing little
droplet throughout the entire dog park
to assert his dominance he's that alpha
good girl good girl crying really
massive and then there's like
surrounding dog parks finger guard so
marbles will sometimes go up to the
fence against like a German Shepherd and
just yell at him there's a fence and
then there's that our experience of a
dog park is Kermit chasing white fluffy
dogs and peeing everywhere I'm including
on himself
marbles barking at every dog and peeing
everywhere each crime
Oh Kermit go get it go get it Kermit
boggle Kermit thing is just trying to
get dogs to chase him you just really
want to be chased all the time okay cool
get chicks movie geez
you chased come go you go good girl
peace Marvel let's get an idea here
what's going on guys
so do you remember like I don't know
three weeks ago when my credit card was
part of a data leak and it got exposed
and hacked and I had to get a new card
and then they decided to expedite it to
me because I asked for it and then they
said they wouldn't charge me and then
they charged me
yeah Bank of America is doing that all
over again so my card no longer works so
I'm going to the bank right now to get
as much cash as I can carry
not really I'm just getting cash because
I'm going to dinner for my mom's
birthday tonight I don't know who's
paying so I want to be prepared to have
money to pay for it and I don't have a
card so I'm going to do that right now
it's not the most fun thing but there
are worse problems and then I'm going to
get home and just kind of get ready I'm
trying to leave in like 20 minutes
thirty minutes so should I get this done
fast and then I'll be back home
check that the banks closed so I guess I
will just be going to dinner with a
broken debit card ah
that's frustrating Bank of America hey
guys just got out of the uber
I got here a little early so I'm just
gonna hang out out front but I'm back in
Westwood which is where we used to live
which is kind of cool to be back in our
little stomping grounds and away from my
family and some sushi okay so we're at
dinner right now and it's my mom's
birthday dinner as you guys know this
model and he's here by the way they love
you and I'll think they're incredibly
hot so here's that but we went to the
beach and did the rings and my mom
learned how to slackline and she loved
it like she fell in love with it and so
my brother where did you get a good
picture of a slackline today for a
birthday my brother he went out and got
a slackline
so I want to show you guys when he hands
it to her I want to see her reaction
actually everyone tell you guys what was
going on but she like fell in love with
it and now Marlon like got the best gift
in the entire well do the free yeah so
it's gonna be awesome way to one-up the
cool gift and he has a great corner all
right so
you guys over there mom
this has been all of us
what is it
she was onto you wait a 1-up wow I
thought I was just gonna lose Boggy
forever we left the restaurant I had
vloggy on my hip in his new little case
great case but the attachment was shoddy
on my part as we were getting into the
car popped off my belt we get all the
way home and I realized I don't have him
so Marlon this of G jumps
in the car and bust ass here like he
drops everything to drive me over here
it was nowhere and I like I'm like I'm
like this is it
doggies gone we walk up to the thing and
I see it in the window of the teller and
I was like did someone turn my
camera in and she said yeah and I was
like did they leave like can I hug them
she's like no he left okay but good guy
Greg turned in my camera and I
was completely coming to terms with
having no vlogging I thought I lost
foggy but if anyone is willing to just
drop everything and just panic with you
and help you do that that person is
amazing and that person is my brother so
I want to thank my brother I'm sorry
thank you so much
and I'm huge he said go in there and get
your camera when we got there he was so
confident positivity dude
lucky for Marlon you guys get a vlog
today because otherwise I would have had
to just improvise for my phone and
apologize for my shitty camera holding
I'm trying to like catch my breath right
now a hundred percent flat blog he was
gone so but it's not nature dude
neato all right blogging get back in
your case now and stay there okay so I
just got back home Jenna and I are just
hanging out watching some Vice and I'm
hanging on with the week but it was a
definitely entertaining night I was
great to see my mom and my brother and
sister and stepdad obviously I could
have done without losing Block II for a
little bit but so happy I got him back
so I can see you guys yeah that was
scary I don't like it's amazing when you
see things like that happen when someone
decided to turn in the camera instead of
take it it's a really good feeling that
you get makes you want to do it and pay
it forward so if you guys find a camera
on the ground maybe if you turn it in
you might get your lost phone returned
to you thank you guys for watching the
vlog and again thank you guys for all
the sweet comments about the 200th video
means a lot I love you guys and I'll see
you tomorrow all right bye
