hey guys so today I wanted to sit down
and kind of just talk to you I didn't
want to edit together bits and bits or
cut out dead spaces and all bums and
boring parts of my day I wanted to just
sit here and talk with you about you and
about me
and reflect just a little bit about kind
of where we are and the fact that we've
come really far and I think that we're
together you guys along with me doing
something pretty great I think a lot of
you have experienced or maybe are
experiencing or maybe will someday
experience the sense of feeling kind of
lost it's nothing new it's nothing
unique to me but a few years ago I was
there and I had a big plan to play
baseball and be an athlete fall through
because of injuries and that compiled
with a few other just life things that
weren't the most fortunate things left
me feeling like I don't know what I want
to do and even after studying stuff I I
liked in school and and whatnot I really
didn't know where my life was going and
I think somewhere along that line I made
the choice to be open to possibilities
to really just take life in and not say
no to things and meet people and do my
best at letting my life take me where
it's meant to take me
I became a bartender I knew some people
who ran the bar near my house and I
learned to bartend it was a blast I
loved it I loved everything about it and
it wasn't just a job but I did like it
and I you know for for some reason I
felt that when I started bartending it
was for a reason
I enjoyed how it made me feel there was
a new sense of responsibility it was a
new type of interaction helped me meet
people friends and I did I'm not the
single most important person in the
world while I was bartending and now I
am incomprehensible lucky to be dating
her and I don't want to make this a
lovey-dovey I love Jenna video you guys
already know how much I love her she
knows how much I love her but I love you
Jenna Jenna something that I want to
really thank her and thank all of you
for is welcoming me into this world I
feel like I came in to YouTube and I
made this channel and I turned it into
what it is now after all the years that
I watched her do it and it's just a
really great thing that I feel like I
now belong on here thanking videos never
really thought that would happen and
there's one reason why it feels so good
there's only one and it's you guys you
are that reason you give me a reason to
wake up and smile every day excited that
I have you as a friend on the internet
that cares about me it cares about my
life the intimate details the private
the small things people don't know you
guys know you know about me you know and
in some weird way we are connected we
are best friends and from the deepest
point in my heart I want to thank all of
you
for being with me and for choosing to
support me you give me joy you give me
pride you guys give me a responsibility
you give me a sense of purpose I know
that sounds really lame I'm like oh yeah
purpose but you guys write the nicest
things to me and you support me and you
pick me up when I'm down and you care
and you know about me you make edits of
me you take pictures of me you tweet at
me you can talk to me I'll tell you I
don't know what I thought five years ago
that I'd be doing now and I know it
wasn't this but I never thought that I
would feel this good I never thought
that I would feel this loved why do I
feel this love I'm I I appreciate you
guys so much and I love you all so much
back the fact that for whatever reason
you choose to care about me and watch my
videos and support me there's no worse
you have made me accomplish things on
here that I never thought I would ever
want to accomplish and now I have and
from the first moment I appeared in one
of Jenna's videos to every three or five
or seven moments I was in our video
after that it's been you guys that has
supported me like crazy even when I
wasn't popular even when people really
fucking hated me because I was a new guy
you guys were here that you've been here
I just really really want you guys to
know how much you mean to me
and I want you to know
reaching 200 videos was so much your
fault you're doing you guys did this
with we did this we made 200 videos dogs
whatever call it what you want but more
than 200 videos I'm proud of proud of
this like people live their whole lives
and don't feel connected or loved or in
tune or appreciated by people ever and I
feel that every morning every morning I
feel that when you guys communicate with
me the luckiest guy ever
you guys have maybe learned and you've
welcomed me into this world that I never
knew existed and now I love it
I'm dead in love with it end up in love
with you guys and you guys are you you
guys were there for me and I'm there for
you and I really thank you for all that
you guys do for me and I wanted to make
this video to make sure that you guys
knew that because so much of my channel
it's just me me me me me me kind of the
in a sense narcissistic nature of
vlogging it's me me me and that's it's
great it is what it is it doesn't make
it bad doesn't make me bad but I really
feel it's important for you watching
this right now commenting liking
tweeting at me to know how much you
matter
- thank you guys all of you each and
every one of you thank you for 200
videos and I am so excited to be here
ready to make 200 more I love you guys
see you tomorrow
