all right y'all ready for some fucking
home fucking cookin we need make some
dinner although our post mate didn't get
the right thing so we're getting another
post mate and we're gonna make some
pizza but if you want to satisfy your
pizza craving - and not want to leave
yourself out of the backyard overnight
use this recipe I don't like pizza why
are you the way that you are yeah we
found out peach likes watermelon all the
dogs like 1 million it's like the only
sweet peach you like such a lady so
polite honey oh that's nasty
she's like - ruling out watermelon oh my
god first she's a lady then she's a
nasty lady coming where is he is he on
the chair like a people coming you're
nasty with it
Kermit's been drinking so much water
that it just gets heavy heavy boy oh we
just got home from our workout and the
only thing on our mind really is food so
we have some ingredients but we need all
the ingredients just didn't eat all day
and then went to a workout and almost
passed out just come over and play list
no I didn't I'm gonna go over here I
want to say thanks you guys have been
incredible the response to the recent
videos that I've been making that have
been a little different and it's kind of
outside the vlog box you guys have
received them and been really pugs are
you been really awesome so thank you I
want to say thank you you always say you
have a basketball you know and then
there never is one ever oh my god you
doing burning up for your basketball
game tomorrow oh yeah can you share that
piece of information with the people
like a French spelling its des wow
you're lucky that I can edit this vlog
and then we're not live right now Gea
oh you thanks thanks he could have stood
out more he's kept his spelling I think
well thanks for watching if you are
wanting more vlogs or wanting more
content from me I'm on Twitch nearly
every single night I'm playing pub G I
wanted to let you guys know on here
because we don't really ever tell you
guys too much like on YouTube about
twitch we just kind of go on twitch but
I wanted to let you know since you know
I'm on there so much lately been putting
in a lot of time trying to make the
channel a lot better because you know
it's been so much fun and it's kind of
a new life brought into it with
battlegrounds yeah just this is just one
long one long fucking plug here yeah I
was just talking to Carmen as she does
and said Kermit don't eat too much
watermelon because he wanted more
watermelons I said Kermit I want to feed
you too much watermelon cuz he might get
the Doris the Dyer is oh he's here my
guy is here shit Oh for two second post
mate made the same exact mistake we're
trying to find something called Cahill
cream cheese which is vegan cream cheese
and it's tribe flavor so and they gotta
know you're a Virgo
we're problem-solving okay we're not
gonna go to the fucking store we're not
gonna do another post mate we are gonna
make our own cream sauce with some
cashews and blend that cheese these are
like in thin slices we're gonna salt
these there's gonna be like Margherita
style on top this is going to be
sauteing with these two capsicum in red
onion because red onion is the best on
you except for green so for those of you
that is wondering this is basically just
cashews lemon juice water garlic powder
onion powder and soul if stream op angle
is the only way that I'm going soup
phone now
don't forget like I did
like that believe what I need and need
what I leave Oh
an elephant's faithful 100%
doesn't need to be on fucking 10 all the
time okay you just blend in some yeast
without fucking jacking it up then put
it away fucking delicious
you're welcome for that piece of advice
that you doubted me on
all right so we blended cashews hot
water salt pepper yeast and that changes
not ass it's so accosted you bet can I
join if someone's like yeah yeah so
we're going to take our crushed tomatoes
and lentils and cook those and that's
what's going to mix with this and some
basil to make our like pizza sauce and
that's kind of it and then we have a
wrap follow your heart wraps and we're
gonna cook our pizzas like flat breads
oh I feel like that's the main part
where it distinguishes this pizza from
other pieces so we're sacrificing a
little flavor but no it's all good like
you think you wouldn't want your pizza
sauce to be like that but like it's so
good the last ingredient we need is
rocket or like a weird way of saying
arugula
all right well the pizza is done and
we'll probably eat it with a fork even
though it's pieces because it's such a
thin crust but there you go if changes
kitchen homemade vegan pizza
hope you enjoyed thank you for watching
Eugene J's kitchen
hope you enjoyed you didn't watch it oh
my god
