hey guys so it's Friday now right now
you already saw Friday's video but I
just posted it but my brother came over
and he's here with me now
Sam sup y'all that's Marlon you guys
have seen him before but I wanted to
show you guys he is helping me break in
the whiskey table Patrick as I like to
call him because there's a star of him
cuz Patrick star right oh yeah yeah so I
just want to share this moment with you
guys cuz I love my brother and I love
whiskey so that you think so up right
doing some serious work over here
starting the night off nice and
gentlemanly some cheers Cheers all right
miyamoto the home gym getting it yeah
look at those shoulders the shoulders
didn't sculpt themselves we woke up
hydrated from last night awesome coffee
has a breakfast now we're getting a
little Lipton in J and J's home gym
isn't that right page B Tina are you a
little cheerleader here we got our own
in-house cheerleader she's so cute okay
time to get swole oh hey guys so we just
finished doing a little homework out and
dude he's a beast I initially trot him
out a lift and showed him like all the
stuff I know and now he's officially
like surpassed me he's strong fuck those
pipes but we just decided we were going
to take the boxing gloves in the tie
pass like the myths and do some action
out there on the porch so I decided I
would try to shoot it and maybe if it
comes out cool you'll see it yeah okay
go do it yeah way to do that hole this
is like 24/7 is like crime town do it
what's up guys so Marlon and I are on
the road again we just finished our nice
little workout which you guys saw and we
haven't done that a lot we used to do
the pads all the time and work out
together and it's so fun to finally do
that again like especially now that he's
such a monster so right now I am going
to Josh's house to pick up Joshua
Collins mail because they're out of town
so that's what we are doing currently
and then we're going to stop a chole
Chipotle after we open all their mail
after we open all their mail they go and
maybe hang out on their house for a
little bit just kidding we're irony that
we got to pick up their mail so it
doesn't like overflows and they all
talks and piss off the mailman and
that's it all right we'll see it pulling
and we're back we're back they can't
stay away from YouTube or the big line
of the lunch rush so some things are
worth waiting for flexible way okay boys
wait for hey guys so we're going to the
dog park right now with the whole gang
and there's something really important
that I forgot to tell you like a long
time ago about me and you guys really
need to know it and that thing is
Peach's lost right now I'm going
together she's freaking out
bitch midget midget folder cheese there
she is did you get those did you get
lost did you get lost oh he lost come on
come on did you get lost
yeah you did good oh cool yeah she got
so lost
she was just sprinting around yeah she
totally got lost and I just saw her
across the dog park sprinting around
frantically you're so overwhelmed we are
at the driving range because we made the
dogs happy and now I make me happy and
Marlin whoa
or he's my caddy okay what are you doing
your shorts is so weird
Jenna Jenna won't stop playing really
really like you'd like Carly Rae Jepsen
and it's obnoxious it's ruining my life
no I'm not giving it back Melanie you
play live long you wait we're gonna get
kicked out of here look at you good
longer
and I don't do the job right
look east as you guys saw we were just
the target and we got a bunch of really
cool stuff to fill out our house you
know some some decorative stuff like
that and that piece over there but Jenna
got herself a sippy cup and some apple
juices like six sippy cups
she got sippy cups um because she just
wanted to drink out of the sippy cups
and I think that's the cutest thing in
the entire world right now she's just
filling up for new sick her she's just
filling up her new sippy cups with her
apple juice I had the most adorable
girlfriend in the entire world but we
also got some stuff for like our
bathrooms to make them more like real
like need to have a toilet paper stand
for my woman it was just some home stuff
growing up home stuff but it was fun
house UCP cup so why okay it's fun this
fun this is really fun I see where I see
where your vomitus I drink all the
gloves like 17 years old
oh well I see why this is really fun but
yeah we had a pretty mellow Saturday
night because last ahead we went pretty
hard it was fun and then I hung out with
my brother the whole day today which is
awesome as you guys saw we're gonna
probably relaxing the rest night and
then tomorrow we pick up Jenna's mom yay
Debbie's in town so we're picking up
Debbie in the morning but before I pay
up Debbie I'm gonna meet up with Arnold
to do some recording we're laying down
some tracks but I'll see you guys in the
morning
okay okay it's just our last night again
okay waking up at a bed I walk past
Paige
okay hey I got a reelin headphones just
another day man shadow magic yeah hey
guys so I just got done recording with
Arnold and Jenna picks me up and we're
going to airport to pick up her mom
we're picking up the Debbie machine and
peach came along so we're going to go
get dandy right now on the four
see her soon you'll see grandma she
loves Debbie and she loves everyone and
we got shredded
Jenna appreciates traffic issues like
one fast so yeah we're in traffic you
happy
the gorgs lookie that's so sick Thank
You patient patients so we are we're at
the airport we're going to get Debbie
now she just went into a pocket away we
brought the little we gin like they're
important we're here a little while ago
hey guys that's going to be it for today
so thank you for watching this weekend
vlog about what I did this weekend and
everything that happened before I let
you go a couple things to check out one
I made a new shirt of vlogging shirt
this is what it looks like you guys can
get it on my shop right now or if you
click that link you'll go to it but yeah
I wanted to make that shirt for a while
I finally got the design done so you can
check that out also I made the fashion
haul video that you guys wanted it is on
my second channel just Julianne so hit
that to check that out I had a lot of
fun making it so let me know what you
guys think both on this channel or
whatever on that channel that's it for
me I love you guys so much thank you for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow
you
