hey guys so sorry I haven't gotten on
with you at all today it's kind of like
the afternoon right now we were about to
record Jenna's show and she's still
getting ready but we've just been kind
of laying low we're really exhausted we
got like no sleep last night and I had
to go to work and I had to take care of
a couple other things today so I'm just
killing time you know what I mean until
we got a record Jenna's show which
should be in like 15 minutes and then
it's go time and I think we might just
kind of like whore some food and hang
out we're just exhausted I was gonna
work out today but I'm just like beat
from no sleep but tomorrow I'm hanging
out with Arnold Arnold and I are gonna
go hit the gym together and then we're
gonna go shopping together because he's
got mad fucking swag and I want to learn
from him so he's gonna take me shopping
so that'll be fun I'm excited for
tomorrow then tomorrow night Jenna's
friend kit is gonna hang out with us she
was on our podcast like a million years
ago so that'll be fun so I'm excited for
Friday cuz Friday is fun which is when
your guy's gonna be watching this so
high five for peeing Friday yeah I was
playing around with the slow-mo on my
camera and I got peach and jumping
around and falling I put it a little bit
on her Instagram but I think I'm gonna
put that in this vlog but anyway I'll
check back with you guys in a little bit
hey guys so we actually just took a nap
because we were so exhausted and then we
went to get some frozen yogurt so we're
really just taking it easy today
Jenna's listening to vines and watching
vines over there we I'll probably
honestly end the vlog tomorrow so you'll
get a little bit of Friday because it's
so boring today but I did want to check
in and say hi okay hey guys good morning
so I just went to work and I'm back here
at home cleaning up right now we're just
kind of hanging out and cleaning but
Arnold gonna be here soon he's gonna
come over and then we're gonna go to the
gym together and then the mall together
so it's gonna be really fun I'll bring
it with me but yeah for now I've heard
that song before I just want to update
you having a good Friday night cuz I'm
gonna upload this today but I love you
guys and I'll see you in a few we're out
you're getting there right now oh you
got on
look at that palm please we're pumping
the arms right now that's all that
matters right put legs off for next week
I'll get like later so we just finished
getting our swole on killer workout guys
he got solo he did my first time yeah
yeah thanks man
so we're gonna go to the mall yes and
he's gonna teach me how to be swagged
out like him because if you guys will
notice every time you see Arnold no he's
fit it even is working like fights I
think he knows what he's doing so he's
gonna teach me his ways Julian does not
need to be taught how to get swag down
he already got his swag on point I'm
just there to OFF for them like you know
like a little different taste
I guess maybe maybe expand my wardrobe
pass the genes in a teacher yeah so
we're gonna go do that right now we'll
see you guys there
cuz you'll be there yeah so we just got
a bunch of stuff at the mall I actually
got a lot of stuff
what I normally tell one thing today
yeah
well Arnold gave me the courage he was
officiating and normally I was just our
bitch out I wouldn't get it so he helped
me assist here lead in the back did this
yeah and it's a bit of a different style
so I guess it was Arnold's idea I think
it's a good idea if you guys think I
should do a haul video let me know
because I'll do that all the stuff I got
today cuz it's great guys you're gonna
want to see it yeah I mean you'll see it
on my body in Kenneth but if you want to
see a haul video let me know in the
comments okay hey guys so I just got
back from the mall with Arnold we had a
really good time we got a workout in and
got to go shopping and I was really
happy to go shopping with him because he
knows what he's doing in the wardrobe
department he's got pretty good style so
I was excited for him to like kind of
show me around and tell me what I should
get so I got a bunch of stuff and like I
said before if you guys want to see that
haul video I'll totally make it I might
even put it on my second channel just
Julianne which is right here you corrupt
it if you want but yeah so we are Jenna
has been cleaning the shit out of the
house so I came home to a really clean
house so that was awesome and I'm just
gonna start editing the vlog now because
it's already Friday evening and I know
you guys need your vlog but for the rest
of the night we are just gonna continue
cleaning the house Jenna's friend kit
it's coming over and we may go out we
may just stay here we're not sure but
we're just gonna hang out hello crunch
hello mmm good it's been a good week of
vlogs so thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you have a great weekend
and I'll see you Monday oh yes
