hey friends I'm sitting here right now
trying to upload yesterday's vlog it's
just freakin processing its life away
so I'm sorry about this the way it's
fucking obnoxious I'm just trying to get
this vlog up so I can proceed with my
day trying to get this done so I can get
it worked out and maybe get a couple
other things before we start the process
of the video day but hi hope you're
having a good Thursday it's been
literally been processing for like 45
minutes it's like a five minute video so
ledger with living hopefully I'll get up
soon and then you get to watch it be you
already have watched it by the time you
watch me now is that crazy and then it
internet crazy
so I'm sitting here still waiting for
this fucking video to upload and I get a
notification on my phone and it says
Aaron Carter is now following you and
Carter followed you legit have a good
time I watched Aaron's party probably a
billion times as a kid so I go into my
phone I'm like oh really he's following
me I got a screenshot it and it takes me
to Peach's account he's following Peach
on Twitter not me oh I guess that's
better than nothing thanks Aaron glad
you like my dog fuck such an almost win
where's my footage and I just took my
phone oh upload I have three different
uploads going on right now because all
of them are fucking not working like
YouTube is having a massive just heart
attack right now
brah Aaron why are you playing with my
heart yo guys so I just posted a blog
finally done with that but I just got
word right now that the shadow to our
live show me Josh and Arnold we are now
adding Tempe Arizona to the list of
places we are going to play that's
happening May 31st I'll link the tickets
in the description so you can go your
tickets if you live in Tempe Arizona I'm
really excited that we added a new date
which obviously means that the tickets
sold incredibly well and are selling
incredibly well for Irvine so get those
tickets while you can it's going to fill
up fast and I'm not excited I mean two
locations is no joke so this thing is
the real deal I'm really really excited
and proud
we're selling tickets you guys are
awesome yeah Tempe Arizona we are now
performing there May 31st so check the
description for details the movi came
the other day I had just about had it
with running out of battery in places so
I ordered a movi and it just got here I
got one for me and Jenna so we're
psyched to have Tim back you're Eli I'm
sorry that 90% of this vlog is just me
sitting in this chair I hope you guys
don't mind hopefully I'll get up off my
ass in a little bit so you can see more
of everything else but yeah I'm excited
I also got this cool thing it's like a
carabiner
but inside the carabiner there's a USP
charger it's not an actual charger but
it's just like a USB cord so you can
take it with you and then wherever you
are you have a weight of charge so
that's kind of cool I like tech things
tech things are funny and I just had
breakfast I literally like cooked myself
some breakfast put it down in front of
my computer turn on Netflix played maybe
45 seconds of Parks and Rec while I ate
and then I was done I like need to have
that plane while I'm eating I'm so weird
maybe you do that anyway yeah I'm gonna
try to move out of this chair now hey
guys so the other day we were thinking
how all we have for coffee of the house
is an espresso maker and like a cheap
target French press and we wanted real
coffee so Jenna and I bought a coffee
maker like a real coffee maker and it
just got here and they sell provel it's
a Brookdale we love prevail can I tell
them how we started buying revell yeah
go ahead
what many years ago when I went to go
buy a toaster oven I was in Bed Bath &
Beyond and I'm just like fucking I don't
know what to get and I asked the guy
that asked me out and I was like do you
like recommend any of these toaster
ovens over the other one and he
literally looked at me he goes oh Rafael
I'm like really like it's that much
better yeah
oh oh it's amazing he was right he was
like juicing it pants we have never seen
a Bed Bath & Beyond employee feel that
strongly about an appliance on it yeah
and then I started look slowly every
time I would buy an appliance I was like
we should prevail now I mean it's
definitely it's definitely more
expensive but it pays for itself this
thing lasts for years like ours fresh
judge Jenna's have that espresso maker
since before I met her yeah same with
the toaster and we got the juicer
together and now we got this beautiful
beast look at that
so we're about to brew our first cup of
coffee not sponsored fiber hookah hell
yeah we're probably not cool enough to
the sponsor vibraphone
no one is no one is they're like the
apple of kitchen appliance right yeah so
let's run it let's see yeah hit start
eh full city blend they are making too
much coffee
breakfast it's giving us a status update
yeah it tells you what it's doing and
how much time I think this is the
countdown yeah well we're making it says
11 cups of coffee honestly one of my
favorite things about this is that you
can set it to turn on by itself in the
morning so that we don't have to wake up
to that we can wake up to coffee and
then that right pay her body is just so
big peach how did you get so big I was
looking at someone made an awesome
buying account called get swallow and
they just post edits of like me and
Jenna with cool music and there was one
of me and peach and it was a cutest edit
I rewind it but I was looking at and I
was like how in a fishy that small
get in there moment of truth now huh I'm
gonna copy a long time that's good
before I first met you I like weighed
160 pounds and I would have black coffee
every morning and I would love like good
black coffee and I've missed that
because you don't really appreciate a
coffee when it's diluted with milk PG
girl down
peachie down PG get down peach peach
down haha big spender and my intention
to keep on the set yes so Jenna just
spent all day planning and shooting a
video that turned out inappropriate in
terms of her kids why don't you explain
well I wanted to do it like like Kylie
Jenner lip tutorial video I wanted to do
a Kim Kardashian contouring tutorial and
so of course like I wanted to make it as
dramatic as possible so I was using like
eyeliner and like white fucking shimmer
and tape and like everything imaginable
and as I was blending it my entire face
just turned black black and I was like
quick market this is no longer funny and
it is completely
well it wasn't offensive and that it
still looked like makeup it still looked
like contouring but it was offensive and
that the color that was fucking black
and I was like oh my god this is not
what I fuckin planned at all I was
hoping that it would come out more I
don't know like not blackface at all I
didn't even it didn't even cross
mind that it would go there like ten
minutes ago she just told me we're
audibly I was like no we're fucking yeah
we gotta call inaudible and so Mach is
gonna do Jenna's makeup which is why I'm
wearing this incredibly tight t-shirt
right now cuz reading is sexy um
absolutely well cut though I contoured
some boobs yeah so it's gonna suck
staying up super late and doing an extra
video but I think I'm glad you did that
yeah it could probably catch you you
know in a place you want to be never
away from black-faced a waiver market
but yes your being the moon emoji in
which case is appropriate the moon
emojis in like this
I think I'm pudgy is glad thing so I'm
gonna get into mock right now and
Jenna's going to get into Jenna without
makeup because I'm gonna do her makeup
and then we're going to shoot that video
but I wanted to give you guys this is
interesting don't fucking do blackface
if you do it by accident
fucking stop do it yeah I'll sign off
with you guys though later probably when
we're done shooting or something alright
say bye hey guys so Jenna called a
second audible we're not going to do
mock does Jenna's makeup she just felt
like that was a tired idea and the
makeup and she just want to be done with
the makeup so we decided that we were
going to do is that Jenna will be doing
my nails so we have a whole thing set up
right here
a couple different cameras and you know
just basically everything that we need
for a nail shot so Jenna's gonna be
doing my nails and hopefully it'll be
funny but that's what we're ending up
doing is definitely inaudible because we
plan on something a little different but
yeah we're going to go for right now I'm
just going to close out the vlog right
now because it's getting really late and
we haven't even started shooting this so
I love you guys thank you so much for
watching the vlog and I'll see you
tomorrow for the last vlog of the week
alright guys bye
you
