hey guys good morning so I just took a
shower after I worked out because we
finally got our second bench in our gym
apparently it was like waiting at the
the workout store and they had called me
but I never got my message cuz I know
really check my voicemail so it was just
sitting there so you wouldn't got it
yesterday and I got to work out on it
today and we got some 50 pound dumbbells
but yeah then I showered and we're just
chilling out right now we got a couple
calls to get on for some things later
but right now I'm having some quiet
downtime and there's the virus calm but
I just want to check with you guys I
love you and all see you guys in a few
so Jenna was looking up news on her iPad
and she found an article that said when
you Kuwait your dogs when you like talk
to them they're oxytocin levels like
what double they like double there's
like a study where a goat in a dog
played together and they tested their
blood before and after and after they
played together their oxytocin had
double yeah oxytocin is like what your
brain sort of makes when you're
breastfeeding a baby or you give birth
or you're in love or something nice and
lovey-dovey happens to you and that dogs
produce it and humans produce it when
they're interacting with animals so it's
based you know people call dogs their
babies yes it's not that far off in
terms of brain chemistry because your
brain and their brains are actually
reacting the same way that would if you
if they were your baby for real but what
was funny about that was that this dog
and this girl played together like yeah
we checked the goats oxytocin levels
from his blood after he played with this
dog and it was it jumped by like almost
half dogs in Austin no loss oh yeah
like they put them in sleep and they're
like it's literally like unless someone
like gave birth to a baby like this joke
is so fucking happy so their loss it's
mine so guys cool your dogs because it
makes them mad happy
cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and pet so
right now I'm standing in the good light
area of the kitchen and Jenna's picking
and my blackheads she does this thing
where anytime there's a good light she
jumps on top of me and picks in my
blackheads and I wanted to know for
those of you who have a bay or you're
just friends or whatever do they do that
or am I alone I do it because well you
do you help me but it doesn't feel that
good doesn't feel that good so guys I
just got back from the barber and I
honestly just I had enough of the long
hair so I like shaved this whole side so
I look like Skrillex now so I hope you
guys are down with that just kidding
it's fake I'm born somehow all roads
lead doctor target we're back to target
because we need more stuff we're getting
and we're going to get like couple
shelves and I think I'm gonna get like
that homemade polo farm and you like
wedge between the door and then maybe
couple of eggs or else going to be
coffee because there is a Starbucks
inside the store right okay go a
capitated in target Jenna says that
thing that carries your card
doesn't say no it does see how serious
they are about that
no adults we both push the car we both
put you Oh
cos the car it says right turn only but
that's not on my business hey guys so
it's dark right now I'm holding a lane
right now cuz we drove a light outside
but we are gonna barbecue right now we
got burgers and bacon and cheese and
we're gonna barbecue so everything going
on the cheese and burgers and then I got
bacon in there but I just want to show
you guys the setup cuz they're having a
little festive summer sort of night oh
love you mind anyway we're gonna get to
eating soon I'm gonna put a war goes on
Jenna why are you doing it says
rangering the single air so mm-hmm
classy good sorry about top of each
other
fucking guys we want a lot of fast
nobody got time for two pairs nobody so
this is what we're working with right
now we got our burgers ready and we're
waiting on the prize but we're about to
eat this dinner right now you know it's
not really healthy because we really
want it and then I'll try that with you
guys after dinner we're going to hang
out but yeah time to stuff our face
honestly I need this burger right now
hey there guys I know I said I was going
to check back in after dinner and then I
didn't we went to make tacos to get
shamrock shakes to be festive sort of
but I snapped out of the whole thing so
if you follow me you can still probably
see those snaps but I wanted to say
thank you guys for watching the vlog and
thank you guys all for being really
supportive of me you guys are constantly
reminding me why I enjoy doing this so
much and it's really nice to know how
much you guys have my back so I want to
say thank you for you know just kind of
being my friend and supporting me so
thank you guys I love you guys I love
you all
today's video day so we are going to
start working on Jenna's video whatever
that video is going to be and I'm gonna
eat some food
and I love you guys thank you for
watching the vlog and I'll see you
tomorrow bye
