hey guys good morning happy Tuesday so I
just got back from a meeting with Josh
and Arnold we talked about some good
stuff because apparently the tickets are
selling really fast you guys are being
awesome and that's leading to more cool
things that you uh more cool things like
you touching on these titties okay well
I got something to do now so see you
guys later
okay no touch on some today though
touching on your titties
fucking normal titties like you won't
any calling me all the time
why don't you guys go potty I just
brought these bags and you didn't go
potty that my bags on me and when I
don't bring bags you go dicks couple of
dicks but yeah so the meeting went well
you guys are buying tons of tickets a
running out fast so if you guys want to
get taken through our first show in the
description below as always Josh is
leaving town to New Zealand Australia
doing some insane amount of shows with
Miranda fifteen fucking shows in 16 days
which aren't even know how that's
possible but he's doing that so that
means I'm gonna be here with Arnold and
I think we might have like a bro date
planned the end of the week so that
should be fine but we just walked the
dogs also and we have some things to get
done today Jenner went to the doctor
today he went to the doctor and got
blood drawn didn't like it I had to hold
her hand because she was really upset
he's really like shaky and pasyati not a
fun thing but yeah she called me in
there to sit with her bare feet just on
my fucking prop hello there but yeah so
we got some adult things to do today
like we got to pick up some things and
we have to get a cleaning service cuz
you guys are all complaining about how
dirty our shit is well we had a cleaning
service will we cancel them because they
suck it sucked they were few I didn't we
suck worse than our cleaning service
right well we're gonna get out the house
and do a bunch of things but I'll bring
value with me and I'll bring all you
guys with me because I love you okay I'm
gonna eat something now and maybe you'll
see what the deals so I made a vlog
pretty recently about making kale chips
and you know I tend to do like some
changes kitchens on here and showing you
guys what
to eat I found a really cool brand that
delivers snacks to your house and I got
something to show you it's called nature
box I found them and you know I was
interested but then I was like you know
they probably don't have anything I can
eat but they have a whole selection of
gluten-free options it's basically a
subscription service it sends you a box
of snacks each month you get to select
the snacks that you want or you can opt
to have them surprise you with the
group's next which is not a bad idea
considering they have enough ton of good
snacks but the thing about nature box is
that as much as they taste good they're
not crappy food they don't have high
fructose corn syrup they don't have bad
oils it's generally a good snack that
won't take you off your path if you're
trying to be good on your diet and you
have Fitness holes you guys know that
finding snacks for me is hard because
you know for gluten free I can have
chips I can have fries but then there's
not really that many snacks a lot of
like snacks that even are good or bad
for you are not gluten free but the fact
that nature locks has both healthy and
gluten-free options is what sold me so
let's open this box and see what we got
so when I picked out my snacks I decided
I was going to have a couple regular
snacks and a couple like dessert sweet
snacks they have a water really cool
options for both so sriracha pop pop TV
NJ peanut butter coffee kettle popcorn
and lastly carrot strawberry fruit
cheese I'm going to dig into this
sriracha damn okay they're really good
sriracha pop-ups that's where it's at
phenoms look like this they're kind of
like the homemade protein bar balls I
used to make and I put a video out by
Slater's 2 together really really good
five so before I just take all this to
the face I wanna let you guys know that
if you have two bucks to spare up to pay
for shipping you can get your own free
trial of a nature box click the link I
have in the description below and you
can get your free trial of nature box
they're gonna send you a snack pack of
their most popular items which obviously
a really good cuz these are amazing if
for some reason you get a snack that you
like or that you didn't want you just
contact nature box team and they'll swap
it out for them though I definitely
recommend trying it honestly because
cutting healthy snacks that also taste
good everyone know this shit's hard
that's why I'm making kale chips making
chips out of a vegetable to snack on so
you don't feel like making kale chips is
definitely an option that I would
recommend give it a shot and let me know
what you guys think of naturebox and
also let me know which ones are your
favorite so I can try new ones go check
that out hit the link in my description
and BRB going to take all of this with
the face right now don't judge me
so I wanted to show you guys as
guys know I had my Olympic weightlifting
competition this weekend and when I go
to see Josh and Arnold this morning they
got me this a bottle a nice whiskey
which is really nice
trying to congratulate me for my
competition and well it was just nice of
them just Thank You Josh think your
Arnold I crashed both of your vlogs
already today thanking you but thank you
again
Oh unless you Josh by our toilet just
overflowed our plumbing sucks yeah
our toilet just overflows our plumbing
sucks yeah
renting is fun did you like my song and
dance okay we're gonna go out and run
more errands now okay I'll see you when
we're there feet deep deep deep eep-eep
eep-eep eep-eep eep-eep eep-eep hello
babe so Jenna just got a package in the
mail you want to tell us what it is it
looks big I'm not gonna take them out
but they're called Zippity zip we saw
them on Shark Tank and it like basically
makes your infant like a starfish so
that they it's to transition them from
off of swaddling but Rome's thing is
little enough and I got her a couple of
sizes although these look big but it
like it helps them feel like they're
like not like they don't wake themselves
up yeah II mean
it keeps them yeah it's so cute they
look like a little stars it's really
adorable add a couple other sizes so
Bowie maybe it'll help police please
yeah oh he's a sleeper already though I
mean if anything is just something funny
to put your baby in yeah no guys we
should read a bunch of errands and we
went to the PIO box because we got a
bunch of shipping notifications in terms
of you guys sent us a whole bunch of
other stuff so we're gonna do a peel box
opening for you guys you guys said the
sweetest stuff
alright wheels along she sent us makeup
eraser
yeah we're company her boss dogs oh my
god has peach on it I was just thinking
you know we like don't have that many
coffee mugs because we broke a lot I put
my favorite Kermit what's really cool
and my melon says it to us
boss dogs uh Chloe who works for us I
was born in Boston I grew up and live in
Pony your iPhone's Russia oh you guys
balls hell yeah we rocked it water oh
really yeah kneecap rock take thank you
holy crap I need one of these cocktails
are these new supports Rock debut
fucking rock my world need all to me
before you can get so sent this directly
to our P o box from Amazon it's a mug
this dick mug is from Jeff compost here
are a few things you can do with it get
dicking caffeinated fill your dick with
coffee break your dick over someone's
head run your dick through the
dishwasher
oh my god it's a page pillow from our
pal pillow my god
Julian it's Julianne yellow a Julian
pillow oh my god amazing
Nana Kermit can't forget this wait yeah
hi my name is Erica Whitmore on
Valentine's Day night I tweeted you guys
my number and you FaceTime to me oh I
remember you Erica I think you still
have
number be hungry throughout the loves we
have hey guys you want to make up just
kidding patient it will fit yeah
it's a knife sharpener what my god I
don't get it a gift from Alfredo a gr
jr. thanks Alfredo at Brittany Paul we
got four it's pretty easy bringing Paul
it's weightless
okay never touch her but we did meet
Brittany oh so soon yeah it's you and
Brittany Jenner those are amazing
damn bro you made me look good all these
dog toys are from Miss Hannah
mrl and she really wants to know we
received it oh we receive all this stuff
thank you guys
you guys are fuckin way too nice he
asked me I could probably walk swim this
shouldn't be too difficult
look it that's how to get to our clothes
my toes off these blankets or dog hey
all to toes
Thank You Liz get caffeinated typewriter
D sake interesting that's amazing dude
those are the jam rocks hey guys
okay sweet talk about that rock tape
well it's a party having their birthday
shallows cool breaking he didn't make
him look silly more traumatic flashbacks
this is a cat outfit for Kermit it looks
like it might have cat hair on it look
at peach the mail oh thank you look how
pretty she is
hello and actually now Kermit the cat
permit are you a kitty
hated criminal you had it you look
kidding yeah well thank you guys so much
for sending all this awesome stuff to
our peel box we'll do these videos as
much as you guys want because you send
so much cool stuff so if every couple of
weeks we can go to peel box we can do
this for you but we have like all this
cool art to add to our podcast Bernie
you know thank you rock tape for sending
me more here if you guys are interested
in their stuff they got great stuff I'll
link it in the description the pillows
with our faces everything you guys are
just like so thoughtful so thank you so
much it's really cool we're gonna read
all the notes now and have the fields
feel well see you guys next time on the
PIO box opening bye hey guys so that's
it for today's vlog I hope you enjoyed
all the peel box unboxing and everything
else from today's vlog I know it was a
long one but sometimes you got to make a
long blog I know you guys like those
anyway song I don't know I'm saying but
um there's a billion things to check out
in the description take it to the live
show my second channel rock tape nature
box everything you need to know is down
the description from this vlog thanks
everyone for watching I love you guys so
much and I'll see you tomorrow for
another vlog alright bye
