what's going on guys it's Friday and I
just posted Friday's vlog and also my
first just Julian video which you guys
are being so awesome and watching and
commenting and participating I'm so
excited about my new channel or it's
really cool but we are just laying low
right now because tomorrow as you guys
know I'm competing in Olympic
weightlifting I got a competition I'm
underweight right now I'm like 2 pounds
underweight but I like that I'm like for
this weight class so I'm naturally like
underweight for 94 kilos or 206 pounds
roughly
so I weighed like 204 and I'm eating so
I'm feeling good I'm just trying to like
stay calm and relaxed today and I iced
and i taked up the rock tape I'm feeling
good now Jenna and I are gonna go to see
the spongebob movie because it's super
fucking hot in the valley and we want to
sit in the theater and watch the
Spongebob movie Anne Danielle so we're
gonna go do that right now that's my
knee pit but yeah we're gonna go do that
I'm excited to see this movie childhood
feels time what up guys we just got back
from the movies the Kermit just said the
biggest flashback ever when we got in
the door
and Jenna went to hug him and he just
started yelping loud nothing happened he
was just remembering the war it's gotta
be tough I'm eating kale chips but
they're not that crunchy any officer
from earlier I hate to say this but I
really didn't love the spongebob movie I
was really really excited to see it
because I loved spongebob as a kid watch
the whole time and after seeing movies
like a lot of animated movies nowadays
that are like appealing to adults and
funny and similar to the lego movie I
really thought was gonna be like the
lego movie like that funny and it just
wasn't like there were funny couple
parts like the dolphin bubbles was
hilarious and you know a couple lines
were funny and it made me laugh every
once in a while but it took them forever
to get out of water
oh yeah spoiler if you don't me to spoil
this one's dry movie it took them like
half the movie to get out of water and I
don't know just didn't really like
fulfill that for me I was like super
excited and Jenna and I both felt that
it kind of led us down a little bit so
little disappointed but it's okay we got
survivor to watch so we're eating some
Jenna and I watch some survivor and I my
ice again stretch out a little bit and
then it's early to bed for me cuz I had
a like early because my teammates Glen
and Geoff are going to take me up kind
of
to the competition with them Jen's gonna
meet me there later because Jeff lives
earlier so we're gonna watch him yeah a
little disappointed that movie man these
aren't even chips anymore
it's just kill I'm sorry no I'm eating
it so Jenna found this awesome
restaurant that delivers to our house
and we are gonna watch Survivor right
now so naturally the restaurant has
coconut water that you drink out of
coconut and we're about watch survived
woken up I was so excited and it's
amazing it tastes so good and then so
good the dogs use them as chew toys
after like they love them they go nuts
yeah so we're just gonna be watching
them on Survivor drink out of coconuts
while we do got a coconuts Cheers
I mean how good does that look
we're gonna be surviving our faces off
right now morning guys Saturday morning
it is game day I woke up perfectly on
weight I'm like four pounds under so I
feel good that's some water and I'm
gonna have some food later I brought
some with me so I got everything packed
and feeling good ready to do this buddy
start picking me up soon and we're just
going to do it I know Jenna's gonna
shoot my actual lifts and stuff you know
her camera and stuff but I don't know
how much I'm gonna be vlogging so I'm
not gonna promise too much cuz I might
just be focused in whatever but I want
to get on here now and say hello and
tell you that I'm ready to go all right
time to go to work go Julian whoo
oh yeah get up get up
here we go Julian hey guys so we just
got home from the competition it's like
8 o'clock I've been there for 12 hours
flat and went well and my beautiful
girlfriend and buddy Brett both came out
to support me my buddy Marc and his
brother came out to support me and my
brother Marlon came out to support me it
was it was good I did decently well and
I'm happy with how it went and it was
intense and everything it could ask for
from a competition but one thing I do
want to say is Glen Jeff Sam Josh rich
every all of my teammates who were there
for me and really helping me along the
way it was really awesome and I'm just
really lucky to have a team that I can
be at a competition with because the
first competition I ever went to I was
along and it's a completely different
experience with the team and in the best
way possible so it went really well
but now we are back home I'm reheating a
corndog that was frozen that I promised
myself I would eat when I was done
cutting
and then we're in order pizza sup guys
so we ate all our pizza hung out for a
little while started drinking Gabby came
over and Alex came over Alex's roommate
came over and then we decided that after
they all left because they left pretty
early that we were gonna go out cuz we
spent a lot of fucking time at home even
on the weekend so we're gonna go out to
a bar right now and I wanted to blog
really quick because I want to show you
my outfit alright so I'm wearing jean
shorts that barely fit my legs
high-top Connie's and this red shirt I
got today from Pioneer Club I look like
a kid who rides a bike in Brooklyn but
honestly I'm kind of diggin the new look
so I guess let me know what you think
but we're gonna go to the bar right now
I'm gonna leave Auggie at home but I'll
see you guys tomorrow so guys so we're
just having a little fun Sunday right
we're Sunday we have our iced coffees
and we're people white people with our
iced coffee but we went to this Reebok
store near our house and I've always
want to go here and I've never been able
to go and we just got a bunch of like
CrossFit stuff because say what you will
about CrossFit those motherfuckers know
how to dress you got shorts I got
shortened up what happened it happen
yeah I got some CrossFit stuff is this
person waiting for our spot because I'm
vlogging dude and I can't get out if
he's right how am I supposed to get out
walking me yeah we got some cool stuff
and now we're gonna go there Bethany
ought to get some air conditioning
doesn't go into our bedroom because
everywhere else in the house so we're
gonna do tile I almost jumped in the
shower but it was covered in tanning
equipment I told you but no yeah so
we're gonna go a bit off the end and get
a nice a nice good cooling fan for our
bedroom because we live in the valley
now and
at March it's 90 degrees all through the
night
okay so we were initially looking for a
fan and then I remembered how hot I was
last night and we decided to switch to a
mini air conditioner oh it's so cute it
looks like Lena chilly huh good dress
yeah of course good dress good Sunday oh
that one looks like the dress that that
fucking dress looks like the dress don't
get that one hey guys so we just are
hanging out and watching some TV right
now I'm ending the vlog we had to go
back to Target to get a different air
conditioner because the first one didn't
work for our window we had to get a
different sized one so we did that it is
a success the room is now cool we can
sleep but we're gonna go out for a
Sunday night dinner right we're going to
this place where it's like Korean
barbecue and you can like cook your own
meat so we're gonna go do that I'm gonna
sign off with you guys but I wanted to
say thank you guys for watching the vlog
of this weekend and my way lifting meat
everyone who cared enough to watch that
stuff I really appreciate it so thank
you don't see this puns about movies ah
not good
ethic Lloyd a nice Pierre they didn't
have a rap battle that was cool
during the donut yeah I forgot about
that anyway I love you guys thanks for
watching the vlog and I'll see you
tomorrow
all right
