yo guys what's going on right now I am
just parked right now I'm going to the
chiropractor to get fixed up for the
competition get to feeling good and I
got my this is what I wear on my body to
help me feel nice and nice and losing
just all-around good I saw a couple you
asked where to get this stuff so I'll
link it in the description you guys are
interested in getting kinesiology tape I
definitely recommend not tape so I'm
gonna go have my chiropractor adjust me
and massage my body and put this on me
so I'm feeling good for my competition
tomorrow and then after that Jenna's got
a report her show but then I'm gonna go
to the park after we record and I'm
going to throw the frisbee around with
Josh we're gonna hang out and throw the
prisoner the trio so that's gonna be
happening later but I wanted to get on
here I went to work earlier boring see
I'm just gonna go get but I love you
guys I love you having a great Friday
and I'll check back in a little bit
what's going on guys so I haven't given
you one of these in a while so I decided
to make a little mini episode of J and
J's kitchen so I want to snack right now
and I've been eating a lot of kale
lately cuz I hanging out my friend Josh
eats kale all the time and he's showing
me his ways but there's a bunch of
different ways to eat it so I wanted to
show you what I've been doing lately
that's really really good you're gonna
need kale fresh or in a bag one lemon
and garlic salt and by hearing those
ingredients you basically know what's
gonna happen but I'm going to show you
anyway because it's really fucking good
so you're gonna preheat the oven get
back on and while the oven is preheating
you were gonna cut up your kale into
chip sizes however big you want it and
get that ready and put it on a pan once
you're done with that so I want to cut
the kill up right now
all right so we cut up our kale I used
the same pan that I cooked kale and last
night that's why you see that it's a
little dirty because I don't really feel
like doing a dish just to get it dirty
again with the same stuff and then clean
it I mean it's already kale it's just
like extra goodness so I got my lemon
you only need a half of it and you're
basically just going to like squeeze the
lemon and disperse it all over the kale
so it gets nice and lemony you don't
wanna get too wet but you do want to get
the lemon kind of everywhere that's
about a half a lemons worth and you're
gonna mix it up because you want them
all to have like a decent amount of
lemon juice on it take the garlic salt
generously salt the entire batch of kale
you don't need regular salt because the
garlic salt is salt as well as garlic so
you're just gonna do that and that's all
you need the lemon in the garlic salt
and you're gonna create lemon garlic
kale chips so once our oven reaches
temperature we're gonna throw it in for
about 10 to 15 minutes you can cook it
between like 350 and 400 kind of
whatever if you want I've been doing 350
it works fine and then take it out and
devour it so we just took the kale out
of the oven and it looks nice and crispy
I err closer to 10 minutes cuz it was
just like basically one head of kalos
not that much but now we are gonna try
our lemon garlic kale chips if you did
it right should sound like this that's
good
so lemon and garlic are the perfect
combo so if you guys want to snack
although I do have other snacks that I
really like that I'm probably gonna make
a video about to show you guys healthy
snacks that I can eat gluten free this
is an alternative snack that you can
just make kale lemon garlic salt all you
need in an oven so I hope you guys make
use of this I hope you can enjoy it I
know Josh has shown you how he makes
kale and is basically what taught me to
do this so you can really experiment but
this is kind of my favorite that I've
found all right time to eat
headed over to the park right now to
play some frisbee with Josh get ready
it's gonna be exciting but yeah we're
gonna play for se for a little bit and
then go to dinner and a little bit after
that so let's do it oh my gosh
three-way back to back back to back to
back this is the trifecta right here Hey
I mean Beyonce she will be my forever
girlfriend man that's good that should
never end she's got a whole sticker book
how could I not take them looks legit
you guys can't see I'm already
intimidated man I don't think I want to
look so we just finished the frisbee at
the park so much fun Arnold in Josh we
got to throw it around and get some run
in it which was awesome I got some big
news for you all this sneaking around
and all this business that you can't
hear about you will hear about it in
this vlog so get your bodies ready I'm
going to the sex club with them then
after we're all gonna make the
announcement together
hey guys real quick before I head over I
wanted to let you know that I posted my
first video on my second channel just
Julianne you can hit that right there to
watch it it was just a little discussion
I made today on that channel and I'm
really kind of excited to see where it
goes but that is my first video so hit
that to check it out and let me know
what you think we're at the sex
Auto twin thing Thursday Thursday for
two nights as you see they don't even
like days don't exist to me I know
because you upload on the other day and
it's just something weekend's don't even
feel like weekends to me right now right
now feels like every day is a Friday
night we just don't have so we just got
really yellow yeah where's the rickey
dillion I want to hear that
oh there's the
good this little so we known Arnold we
just put our name down at the sex club
and better get ready for some montage
these people oh yeah I'm gonna shoot the
loggia Josh do the same and I'm so
jealous I'm gonna do it now jealousy
hey guys all right so you guys have
heard us hint about something for the
past few weeks now and some of you're
really excited about what we're working
on some of you were pissed because we're
like oh my gosh
you guys move every youtuber that says
you have a project but you can't tell us
about it well we don't want to tell you
about it because it wasn't official but
guess what it's official yep so this is
this is what's going on guys and we
wanted to do this simultaneously we have
all three or our camera set up right now
in Orlando yeah
a few weeks ago Julie and I were hanging
out and we were talking about live shows
how cool they are house they hate Julian
you don't be a really stupid idea and
you like like meet you and Arnold like
the boyfriends of YouTube did a lot of
shows like we're the boyfriends of
significant female youtubers what if we
banded together and did a live show ha
ha and we don't laugh about it yeah we
sat there laughs we thought how
ridiculous and you know funny the idea
was but then we got real and we thought
we could really do this yeah so we
planned we conceptualized and we have
begun the process of executing a live
show for you guys and it's happening you
guys is called the shadow tour and our
first show is gonna be on May 20th in
Airlines and in fact tickets are on sale
right now like right now right now
absolutely below it's not gonna be your
typical twerking Q&A shows no we're
gonna put on a show for you guys like a
legit show we may crash and burn my
knock it out of the park but you'll find
he'll show up and see ya it's not a
massive venue so there are limited
seating available if you want to get
tickets I would say don't hesitate do it
now May 20th is closer than you think it
is we want to see you guys there
this is gonna be freakin fun come see us
the shadows come check us out at the
show we are also doing a meet-and-greet
afterwards there's going to be singing
and dancing in comedy and awkwardness a
lot of stuff and we're actually going to
release two music videos with the three
of us together as the shadows you might
think that's a dorky name guess what it
is and you're gonna see those videos
before the show happens so when you get
to the show you're gonna have something
you've seen and you can sing along with
us it's gonna be a lot of fun
absolutely so I think that's it that's
it guys go get the tickets right now
down below in the description right here
if for some reason you do get the ticket
tweet to us with a hashtag shallot or
yes yes we want to see all those
hashtags please a lot of people are like
oh my gosh California but I live in blah
blah blah person in blah blah blah we
feel you if this show does well we have
a guaranteed to proceed to other cities
so the people that are in the
surrounding area of Irvine California
got to come out and see the show and
support the show again if we fail then
we fail awkward fun time together and we
will we will come to a city near you
right yeah right
cool and that's that but that's it guys
honestly you guys have been so patient
and I'm excited that we finally get to
tell you you're not in the dark anymore
but we are all in the dark
look at nice you didn't know watching
the blog and thank you for supporting me
check out those tickets below in the
description box and I'll see you soon I
love you I'll see you on Monday
and May 20th yes in May 20th go awesome
yeah is that good is that huh yeah I
think that's great
