sup guys we're at best buy right now
because we're going to go buy a bunch of
video games for work for we're picking
out a bunch of video games for Jenna's
video because she's doing a gaming video
because we got that game capture thing
yeah really just want to like lose it in
place videos
yeah it'll be pretty fun cuz she does
suck so we're gonna get a bunch of games
that are really lucky and just play so
now like kid in a candy store time yo
guys so we just got home and got a bunch
of games for the xbox so I'm basically
sitting here with the elgato kind of
just figuring everything out for the
video today because basically what we're
going to do is we're going to have Jenna
play a whole bunch of games and we're
going to record all of it and she's just
going to go through at the end and kind
of pic what's funny and make it a video
I'm really just setting up the base
operation right now just to make sure
every time we switch games and every
time we record everything is the same so
it's all really new to me but it's
really interesting how the elgato works
and we have a new headset so that's
going to work and we got some cool game
so this should be really fun yeah I'm
excited this should be cool so we are
about to start filming and it's taking a
lot of prep she's been doing her makeup
but I've been sittin everything here up
and I wanted to show you guys the setup
because it looks pretty cool honestly
she's gonna be playing xbox games while
we also shoot her face and record her
voice this is what it looks like you got
a USB mic right there our big light set
up right over the camera and the camera
i repositioned the viewfinder a little
to the left because I figured it'd fit
better and then beyond the camera you go
out of the TV and then everything is
working through the o gato and the game
capture that's positioned over there so
we kind of everything set up I'm pretty
happy with how everything looks we are
going to start shooting like I said so
we'll get going with that but i want to
show you set up because seems to be
working really well and i'm gonna you
know frame her up and make it look nice
but i'm excited to do this type of video
it's kind of fun we were just shooting
games right now right Jenna yum fun ya
know Jenna's trying to figure out this
game they don't suck they're the most
simple games you could play anyway we're
playing games and it's really fun so
we're just we got this whole system
going which is pretty cool so the video
should look pretty professional as far
as gaming videos go but we're gonna
order dinner soon and I just took a
couple headshots for a promotion of
something just thought i would tell you
that i'll probably upload it to
Instagram my good headshot so you guys
can see my face because you haven't seen
that before right something you see that
thing every day what's your face about
we're caffeinated but yeah so we're
gonna keep playing these games so much
on and then get to editing and eating
dinner and then I'll see you guys when
lets you guys Jenna Jenna they're fun
okay she's like shooting the ground and
call of duty and then jumping around and
her teammates were like getting mad at
her jumping off the love of all right
well you don't be he's being adorable
little girl are you falling asleep while
you sit up be judge you get so cute I
think you're adorable damn it peach how
did you get so cute hey guys so we
finished shooting and just finally
relaxing we worked for a long time today
put together in China thumbnail and help
to get started so she's editing right
now she's just sitting in her office
lavik it's really funny wanna see if I
could just get a shot of her fucking
laughing it's hilarious I am just
sitting over here putting the blog
together and taking care of a couple
other things tomorrow we just found out
we're gonna get to see Ryan the last
time we saw Ryan was Jenna's birthday
surprise i'm almost positive because he
came over did the surprise and then
stayed over that weekend that was in
September like a half a year since we've
seen Ryan so we're definitely overdue to
see our friend and uh we're gonna get to
see my mom so we're mad excited about
that you're gonna be watching this the
day that we get to see him so I got work
in the morning and then Jenna's got her
show her radio show and then after that
we're gonna meet up with Ryan and see
him kermit's being sad and weird that's
what Jenna just said it's so cute peach
just literally sat down I'm ending right
now she just sat down on top of like my
hard drive she was like laying an egg
and that peg was a hard drive because
the hard drives like really hot and
she's always seeking that heat I love
when she sits next to me like this like
know for the longest time she was just
non-stop non-stop but now she's really
really starting to like calm down like
Jenna said the other day Pete's just
like ran over across the bed to see
Jenna and then just sat down next to her
and generally oh that was nice you sat
down you didn't decide to like slap me
in the face or lick me or you know go
crazy she just she's getting calmer
which is really really awesome see
because she's really growing up and
she's become such a little lovely lady
I'm so proud of her she really likes
ryan
I don't know she'll get to see in the
mile but you love right what is it daily
she's sleeping on my laptop hey guys so
uh after I was finished some of the work
I was doing I went upstairs in Dillo
sculpting worked on just some accessory
left together we'll move in and I feel
good so I'm trying to keep a really
light before the competition is Saturday
but it's good to get moving a little bit
feels good and i also watched the golf
channel while I did it and I grown up in
right huge but yeah it was a nice little
late night lift and now I have been a
fun whys of law put it together for you
guys get ready for the morning so you
can wake up how do coffee have you
caffeine wherever you do in the warning
and have it ready for you if you care to
watch so that is what I've been up to
but it's been off a good day really busy
day Jenna was a good day right yeah
that's right we had fun time shooting
that video and help you guys enjoy what
you put out because I really liked it
I'm going to turn in now thank you guys
for watching the blog I love you and
I'll see you tomorrow all right
