hey good morning I just got dressed and
had some breakfast I'm gonna run out the
dorm right now to go to Sports Chalet or
Sports Authority or ever I want to get a
couple things new socks from a
competition new golf cleats a golf shirt
and then it also might grab some games
to possibly make videos about like video
games I'm gonna be in sports pretty
obviously it's going to be somewhere
else but I am getting going right now I
don't want to say hi I'll be bringing
you with me yes see you guys soon I like
it I can't learn the song to me or I
really like failure I've looked
everywhere I can't find the socks
I don't think this place has any socks
good joke well as amazing as it sounds I
couldn't find the pair of socks that I
wanted there's this specific adidas kind
that I'd like to lift in now to get a
new pair before every competition I
can't find it so I think I might have to
settle for these just be Batman what are
you gonna do this Saturday I'm gonna be
Batman but I couldn't find the good ones
so I guess I'll have to settle for
Batman all these socks and couldn't find
the one I wanted I'm such a spoiled brat
right now so I'm leaving this Sports
Authority whoever it is right now and I
really just fucking hate this one I've
like I've always loved going to sporting
goods stores and just kind of looking
around and this is two out of two times
been the most like unpleasant fucking
Sports Authority everyone's bothering me
it's it's like we talked about the
podcast like everyone's like bothering
me like can I help you can I help you
instead of like you know there's
obviously two ends in the spectrum and
that's kind of annoying the parking lot
is an absolute shit show like no one
knows what they're doing it's like the
most confusing thing ever and the people
who are there are just like they're just
hanging out they're just like people
hanging out outside the store I don't
know why like really kind of confuses me
and it's just like uncomfortably I'm
just fucking trying to park and get some
stuff oh and also they have nothing they
never have anything that I need so I got
a shirt and a pair of socks and now I'm
going to a real golf store cuz I want to
get some golf cleats and they had no
selection there everyone's fucking on
edge what the hell's go everyone's like
out of their minds right now I'm not a
fan of the Sports Authority just makes
me feel weird
I don't want to feel weird like that I
just want to get my things and go that's
okay so I just went to Roger to a golf
shop it's a pretty sweet golf shop I
used to go there when I was younger but
hadn't been to one in years and there's
one right over kind of where we live
just a couple
so I got some new fucking golf cleats I
got some balls I got a new golf shirt
I'm like ready to go I'm excited to have
golf cleats I hadn't been playing with
cleats for the last couple of times I've
went and I really started to kind of
enjoy golf again which is nice because I
haven't done that in a long time and I
really like my new shoes I can't wait to
show you guys but right now I'm headed
back home but I'm hungry again so I
think that means I should probably eat
again guys guys guys guys wait somewhere
new cool shoes these are my new golf
cleats Danielle that's Jenna fighting
with the dogs they're so comfortable I
love adidas now like I've become
basically like transformed I used to be
the biggest Nike guy and now adidas won
me over man I think partially because a
weightlifting but their shoe game like
about Jennison shoes a couple months ago
like they just have great shoes these
feel exactly like the running shoes I
have of Adidas except they're golf
cleats and then I got a golf shirt and
some balls I never really use probably
ones but these said the words solo on
them and they were on sale so I got it
I'm a kid I'm at my second home right
now which is also crossing Colleen's
house and we just got back from the sex
club probably found on snapchat cuz
wearying inappropriate and now josh is
making his world-famous use mules mules
Satan oh we're down angles right now
get it Josh was making us some more
drinks right now and I just wanted to
say that this guy is the man and I love
him and I'm always gonna love him and
you guys need to understand how great of
a guy he should we we should pledge
ourselves and sometimes bro a minute do
you hear what I said yeah you know what
someone called us Rho T P Rho T P I have
no idea it just touches the surface
what's on the Internet has a name that
does not threaten my sexuality it
enhances it all right it's over sir
why'd you whisper because you got afraid
learn that trait to learn the trade
listen I was there one cut it enhances
my sexuality I'll say it loud and proud
you enhance Who I am as a human you
enhance Who I am as a human being nobody
yang Yang Twins for you young ends out
there I need more guys sorry I didn't
sign off last night we got him pretty
late we had a great time hanging out
with Josh and Colleen I love them to
death
we had a fun time at the sex club for
dinner and it's a really really good
food but today we are shooting Jenna's
video which is gonna be basically like
an all-day thing shooting then kind of
getting everything in order for the
shots and everything like that so that's
what we do today so I'm gonna close this
vlog now and start vlogging for tomorrow
but I love you guys and thanks for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow
all right
