good morning guys so I've just been
hanging out I got back a little while
ago from training and I was honestly not
really excited to go train today but I'm
happy I did because once I got in there
and I got warmed up and we're tapering
so it's lighter weights I felt good so
I'm feeling good about Saturday which is
like competition part of me really wants
to get over with and part of me wants to
get it going so it's kind of mixed
feelings but but for now it's am with
y'all protein snack so yeah I'm just
gonna have a little lunch right now and
it's been a really nice day here because
these guys have been nice and calm
sitting in the Sun tired that's what
we're up to
I'm gonna crush this protein right now
so see you in a bit don't wanna be in
you dig I don't do all this video for me
not giving consent to be taped Hey Baby
you want somebody baby
ey baby you you wouldn't some fuck Fu K
baby you want some fuck why is it so
funny I texted that to her last night
while we're watching TV just doing some
bookie baby you you wouldn't suffer from
being directly nice to me he said look
at your phone really no I don't want to
people one who feeds usually India for a
picture so he hands me my phone and look
at it and it's just it's so funny it's
just funny hey so I just put live my
second channel I created a second
channel that I wanted to basically have
for other types of videos that I have
ambitions to create these videos I mean
honestly I don't even really know where
it's gonna begin and end in terms of
what's gonna be on it but I know it's
going to revolve kind of around me and
my interests and maybe interviewing and
kind of discussion stuff like that
that's kind of what the channel
so you guys can find that channel right
here if you want to give it a look and
let me know what you think but yeah I
created that today so I'm pretty excited
to have a second channel obviously
because this channel was mainly just for
vlogging which I love but I also wanted
to have a place for other stuff to live
it's called just Julian it'll be
youtube.com slash Julian sulamita once
it's got its own URL you having a good
day how's your clothes clothes oh yeah
how do you get so adorable you're
adorable when I found the camera but you
been really knocks yes I know a new guy
it's kind of a nice red relaxing Monday
I you know Monday's are not normally
this calm
maybe you mean in our little segment
little weekly bro time with Marvel right
do you think that we're you up to today
you bark in ya barking it's pretty fun
pretty good at it
go barking oh gotta play out those
adventure now okay Oh amazing Monday
hey guys so I'm hungry and I've been
hanging out with Joshua ah so you have
those two things up and that's what you
get this is currently a sponsored video
by the vegetable kale kit it's not
sponsored as Josh says it's impossible
to be sponsored by vegetable that's
wisdom right there but yeah I just went
to the store I got a bunch of kale
amongst other things
really hungry so that's a lot of chaos
so I'm gonna eat all that and then I got
some fish too for the protein daddy's
gonna be my dinner I know this is such a
crazy exciting day just walking around
the house doing nothing let's look at
this cool light again Jenna unlocked the
final character it all does he
resurrects himself if he falls into a
chasm once it's better than none though
oh and we also are going to podcast
later so we will be doing that alright
well I'll check back with you guys when
I'm done stuffing my face with this
green vegetable we're dying right now
like looking around right and I found
this this is best flavor idea yeah guys
we just got done shooting the podcast it
was a really really fun podcast I
definitely enjoyed this conversation we
talked about the Apple then today and
the new products that were unveiled and
the math books and more about the Apple
watch but it was one of those
conversations where we just really liked
it astride and got into it and had had
some funny stuff to say so please check
that out if you want nothing remarkably
mad if you don't
it feels so early but it's 11:30 so yeah
I think we're gonna go watch Bates Motel
season three we are gonna kind of wind
down watch some TV and hang out for the
rest of the night yeah so right now I'm
just taking the the audio from the
podcast and I gotta convert that ish 44
1 to 48 you know I mean oh how you do PG
I was vlogging do you mind no no that's
not for you that's a table you go in the
ground little one I'm gonna put together
this podcast right now and then I'll
check back with you guys up to that
we're staying up late past our bedtime
cuz we don't get no book we are hanging
out right now and I'm still working on
the podcast getting it uploaded and
while I wait for all this stuff to
upload I'm gonna edit the vlog can also
play with the camera a little bit
not foggy the big camera I'm just trying
to get better at using that the learning
curve for kami is that of me no II don't
know I mean if that is gonna be it for
the walk today thank you guys for
watching so much sorry we just kind of
hung out they didn't really get out of
the house too much but you know
sometimes you need that kind of day
neither kind of day we did we had a
really busy weekend and my guy said this
month the next month just kind of
fucking nuts
this whole three months like March April
May it's a lot of stuff going on so when
we can get these days we'll take them
but I love you guys thanks for watching
and I'll see you tomorrow for another
awesome look on vlog II on the og
Bloggie alright see you guys
