all right so today is a pretty average
day and the term average day wow it may
be routine and uneventful if you look a
little deeper you get to kind of see the
intricate parts of what makes today
average like for instance I started my
day off rolling around for an hour in
jujitsu getting better and exhausted but
mostly exhausted meanwhile peach was
chewing on a treat like it was the last
one she'll ever find while also the
first one she's ever found Wow Kermit
seems to not really care just across
from them on the other side of the couch
you got marble who is just living his
life and thinking his thoughts what
those are we will probably never ever
know
but after marble don't worry we got more
dogs see these dogs never complain never
whine they just kind of look pretty on
the wall and well they're not and since
it's the daytime we don't get to see our
hamster but we can kind of look at his
cage and imagine if he was awake and
what kind of mood he would be in and if
he's thirsty or not holy shit it's
really hot and it has been for about a
week and a half and holy shit
really sick of it you also don't think
about the ridiculous amounts of water we
have to drink to stay hydrated in this
kind of heat it's weird how the hardest
decisions of what to snack on come after
you have the most nuts in the house and
then you want to eat all of them at once
except for this one this is not a good
snack this is fake orange juice food
isn't really the only thing you can
smell in the kitchen you can also smell
the temptation to head right down the
hall and maybe get a little pub key in
today because why not it's just a game
just one game the keys are so bright and
you can stream why don't we just do all
okay we're getting sidetracked we could
take the dogs for a walk but we kind of
missed the one and a half hour window
this morning that would be cool enough
we could play outside for a little bit
no we'll just stay in here then caffeine
how can you forget need a lot of it a
lot of it fast
all of a sudden feel productive what did
i do today I could edit ten videos but I
haven't shot one gotta shoot it today
and upload it today but I don't want it
to be boring
but I write some ideas though then in
the kitchen was this absolutely
fantastic and monstrous enchilada that
we had for dinner I enjoyed every single
bite and my cute girlfriend enjoyed
every single one of hers I feel like
that was all pretty average but I don't
know sometimes average is cool
