don't push it around yeah yeah yeah you
yeah I'll figure out further than you
give peachy's bonding with mom you gonna
do it again
TG that's a lovely too much energy you
brain read mobile is he coughing up
grenade dust earlier we were just
hanging out on the couch and Kermit like
jumps up from his like sleeping position
and goes to the edge of the cast like
right here and puts his front hands on
the couch and like looks around and
shadows like Kermit what what are you
doing like what are you looking for and
I said he's checking for snipers where
she's calm enough that he can play with
her she didn't used to do this she used
to do all like jumping and slapping all
the tendons this is all the current and
model used to do together this is so
funny you do you making marble yes no
don't put your body
his face his handle is dangerous it
grips him in the eye Moe gears Marvel
gear gear too much too much you're being
terrifying is it to rescue
well you know gear ready there you go
yeah no get get a buzz about ta key
fight Pete you down beat you down
you gonna hurt everyone hey won't you
kiss your brother though huh yeah what
we are at Natural Products Expo s and we
are pressed today so we're gonna go
check out some cool foods and
gluten-free stuff and I've been here
like three years around Jenna's never
been so lonely they got some cool stuff
yummy treat so we're at the foods Expo
right now I'm walking around eating all
the food there's so much food in place
like everyone's just giving away massive
samples of like plates of food so we're
just eating gentlemen just like a
hundred dollars
well you bark we'll have log homes
Jenna stop vlogging it's rude we're in
the pet product aisle I think we should
just start like take examples when
eating them
seeing where people do oh this is really
good that's
we stuff it go live drink this is Emily
we got these exactly don't have your
probiotic tree and they don't have
probiotics in definitely pop the
catheter
yeah romantic three years here tonight
yeah it looks like that on 15 million in
your dress so so so they're alive right
when you drink
it tastes really good it tastes like a
Jenna what flavor did you get feeling
when I tried it's my favorite one
so we're getting to that point we're
just getting really full from eating all
the food and we're trying to fit as much
as we can yeah this is the time where
either you commit this thing or you get
out
so Jennings meet some people over here
there's a deaf kids booth and they got a
basketball hoop so I'm gonna do that
right now
get ready I got that shot 30 seconds and
I think each shot two points
I was sure that kids cheating he was
like getting the ball to the other night
I'm ashamed
fucking redeem myself
so it's like 612 right now and we just
finished it was honestly so fun I've
been here four years in a row now and I
would normally go with my mom and I
would go here before like I had you know
I was vlogging or anything I was doing a
blog and I did I wrote for the newspaper
so that's how I got in as press but this
year I took Jenna it was like honestly
it was so much fun and like you had so
much cool stuff and everyone that was
super nice and we ate a lot food which
is always really good so now we're gonna
go home to the dudes in the nest I think
we're having some people over tonight so
it should be excited yeah it was a lot
of fun thanks Natural Products Expo West
for having us laughs one of the most
complicated things in every situation
driving ever is the concept that one
person from each side goes in a weaving
fashion one asshole tries to always cut
one person off oh let's see if I can go
oh oh and look at this it's a fuck show
spaz back
look at that that's usable as you can
use that darkest shit in here that's so
good
we're in the man cave right now the
judge is sacred amazing man cave with
myself and Simon having some beautiful
whiskey it is the most beautiful whiskey
I don't know why I just wanted to show
Josh he got lucky
you don't have to call with that but
that's what it is well that's what
Cooley and I are already conned soggy
yeah I'm not gonna call something else
like why it's a block he got himself in
coal we know Vardy you know I'm gonna
have him Julian in like a few months
time there's gonna be a brand hopefully
cannon there'll be like let's release a
new version called the blocky
dude I tweet let them and I was like I'm
pretty sure I rebranded the g7x to
blocky and they were like co-op thanks
for choosing Kevin Murph em talk about
alright more with you hey pretty
hungover so last night I went to Josh's
hung out in the man cave for a drink
come home and we had some people over so
that was a lot of fun Shane came over
and everything now Josh just picked me
up I'm seeing so much of Josh it's like
amazing he picked me up with his new
sexy vlog II cuz yes Josh d-town got a
vlog II the movement is spreading people
cannot stop vlog II but we are going to
do some fun stuff for our project you're
gonna have seen some of this on snapchat
but I'll also vlog a little bit and see
you you know what I can and can't show
but it'll be fun then we're gonna hang
out and do cool stuff and right now
we're drinking some iced coffee and
wearing a hat I don't know why we missed
you
hey I mean you know like that's his son
like he looks so good I'm like a mess
right so I feel I look I look a master
is not fair so I that hat is freaking
OnPoint dude it's cool right
all they see it's because you want them
to see the quiet moments of your day
because of so sometimes us bloggers we
sniff out the parts that are boring but
sometimes you just want to sit with us
yes enjoy it and this is blown up it's
okay that yes getting on the freeway get
on the freeway Josh wait so it's time
actually pretty in a poncho what what
yeah according no no so we're out here
filming a food challenge leading all the
Taco Bell menu
it looks good on your body so sweet
sweet guys party of money so we may not
make it out alive
no literally the whole minion so thanks
for indulging in our bad habits hey guys
we just got home from Dominic's house
d-trix his house and we had a lot of fun
shooting with him we got to do a food
challenge which was a blast and we got
to do our cheat meal with him which was
nice because we never do tea meal with
anyone except ourselves go here did I
wanted to get on here and check in we
had a pretty fun weekend but we are
gonna hang out now it's still pretty
early I mean it's only like 9:30 and
we're gonna watch our Sunday HBO shows
because we love that
you guys know that oh yeah also I shot a
couple little clips today doing some
recording with Josh and Arnold at our
friend Matt's house that's going really
well
so I'm excited for you guys to find more
out about that suit but for now we're
like it's over shinny I'll watch our
shows and thought that happen whatever
that is what is there's a couple of
animals thank you guys for watching this
vlog I love you and I will see you guys
tomorrow all right right
you're still really special
other dogs get so much attention
thank you
