happy Friday guys so we just watched
youtubers react and saw Jenna that was
pretty cool you guys haven't checked
that out you should go watch it she's
funny as usual I'll link it in the
description so you guys can go see her I
wanted to quickly say that last night
when Jenna was staying up all literally
all night I mean I hoped her for a few
hours but she was up all night she
hasn't slept a wink and I mean that in
the most literal sense to create the
video she made and I just want to say
like the the vision that she had before
that video happened was something that I
had no idea what it was I mean she could
tell me only so much and she could
explain what she could explain but at
the end of the day I had no idea was in
her brain no I helped her write some
lyrics but for the most part it was just
like her and her brain all day yesterday
and the way that video and song turned
out is just it's brilliant it really is
impressive how she has these ideas and
then she just executes it to the point
where it's undeniable and you watch it
and it's like that I mean it's like it's
art it's like what artists do she's
creating at the most visceral level and
I was like so proud when I watched the
video this morning the finalized product
I'm sure a lot of you guys liked it too
because you guys are awesome and you get
that kind of stuff but I really just
wanted to talk about it because it
really is something for best work and
that's saying a lot we are going to UC
Irvine later Jenna has a Q&A and mean
greet at the college and Irvine is about
an hour and a half away so we're gonna
get going right before rush hour and
maybe hit some traffic but she's really
working hard still on zero sleep doing
her radio show and she's got to get
dressed and then we're gonna go to the
mean greet so that's kind of what's
what's happening today just got back
from work I had to go to work for a
little bit
I wanted to check in with you guys I
have a new shirt on the way so guys get
ready for that I think it's a cool shirt
I'll check back with you guys when when
war is going on so we're getting set up
to record our show right now so I want
to show you guys blog he's got a Twitter
now so go follow that join dancing
around his high school learning that it
become cool and of course becomes so
cool hey I can only go home for one
second but we just finished her radio
show I packed the car we have a whole
bunch of ready to go like she's
gonna do her makeup in the car
that the crunch for time and she's
getting dressed and coming downstairs
we're leaving any minute to UC Irvine
for her QA meet up so we're just trying
to get out the door we're gonna hit some
traffic but it'll be okay cuz we got
time on our side rockin the pace shirt
and I'll see you guys soon okay
it was like a whole
yeah the president doesn't drive like
patty wish they do like huge drug
busts or something crazy like that
it's Benson who that one's the canine
and I saw it yeah that is so many cops
good God vegan calm down
milk is BAE
murdering cows in the America and giving
them a lifetime of pain before you
murder that great bellboy so so not
offensive appreciate at least give him
some meat
all right no milk can we have
cheeseburgers
maybe we just arrived at UC Irvine and
we're early which is how we wanted it so
we didn't you know I've said too much
traffic it was like two hours to get
here
Jenna's exhausted she was like nodding
off of a car so I know she'll feel
better it's like when the enjoy Lennon
get some caffeine but I'm going into a
Starbucks right now to get some coffee
we'll get that con and feel a little bit
better so we're at UC Irvine right now
we're in a hall right next to where
everyone is so on the other side of that
wall there's like what four hundred
people right Jenna Thanks
yeah you can hear them like muttering by
our just waiting to everyone fills up
their we're going to see everyone we
just gave you four that I read all of
your responses agent amore is an
American of container and YouTube
personality 14 million subscribers or 40
minutes for every one YouTube and
subscribe channel on YouTube in 27
generally Stan video and which was
viewed over 5.3 million times
me and their video how to avoid is jenna
Marbles for coming tonight
in their radiant here tonight always
been a love to fight their little ass I
whatever then you open the door for us
out for two years
my friend marina
she goes to UCI we just met and this is
hers she wants me to sign it but that's
such an epic mod take a selfie and we
look at her phone this is what we see
it's people Julian himself
we're gonna go car turning all cars
we just finished just QA I mean yeah go
you see Emma we're headed back to the
car right now
hey car no need to stop we just got home
and this is what it is
Fuji already booked it they gave me a
gift which was their mascot it been a
fever and almost like I'm not gonna let
the dogs rip it up but I'm gonna be
honest with you I'm gonna be sharing
this with them and she just went on back
before peach was around every trip to
the Nolan ah she would get a little toy
at the airport and be like her Malone
notices for him and every time we got
home he would take his little snow into
her person just grab it and peach just
beat him to the punch
you don't be
I'm not afraid within you know we left
them for about eight hours because we
had to go all the way to UC Irvine for
the whole thing so crazy so I figured
now is a good time to sign off because
I'm literally covered in dogs including
peach as you can see they really missed
us we had a great time right Jenna can't
even begin to tell you how proud of that
one I am no sleep I mean kidding me
but yeah everyone who said hi to me and
it was really nice meeting you guys
everyone was very sweet I know I chances
she crushed she absolutely crushed and
everyone who was there saying hi and
taking pictures so sweet so thank you
guys all for coming out and saying hi to
us and being sweet being our friend
no comments just gonna lick my hand and
told being a good so we can do but she's
such a brat she goes in a bag she gets
something that's not hers and she brings
it directly to you because she wants
like you did pay attention to peach for
you
