sup guys so today I wanted to show you
our workout room we have this like extra
room announce that we weren't really
doing much web so we figured that we
would put Jenna's stationary bike and
her rowing machine and maybe kind of
build like a little bit of a gym in in
the road so we've done that and I wanted
to show you kind of what we did so
here's the mirror I'm looking in the
mirror so we put a TV on the wall we've
got a little TV at Target and put on the
wall super ghetto as you can see yeah
patellae roll Jenna's bike is right here
so it's looking like right out the
window then we got one bench right here
we're expecting another bench to come
but I bought this bench when Jenna was
in Palm Springs and we can use that for
you know like step ups and any sort of
thing you need a bench for we have a
bench I guess having dumbbells is really
helpful so this is what we did over here
because we bought these ten dumbbells
ranging between 5 pounds and 25 pounds
here's our 45 pound dumbbell that fat
gripz extreme and the BOSU ball but we
basically wanted to have like enough of
a range where she could use the the
weights and I could also use the waist I
mean 25 pounds is only so heavy so if I
were to do something like chest or
whatever I would just do a lot of reps
and that's fine I mean it's in our house
so it's like a super luxury that we
created for ourselves so it's really
awesome I got the foam roller right here
hello Paige how are you doing are you
into gym and that's peaches little bed
or whoever dog is in here would want to
hang out because you guys don't like to
be alone ever huh are you getting
swallow then we got two yoga mats that's
the little dirty because somebody
probably came here and made an accident
on it
and then the rowing machine is over
there we've been mostly doing weights
and like circuits like the dumbbells and
the BOSU ball and the bench and stuff on
the floor on the mats so it's turned out
pretty good honestly feeling my hair by
the way
super iced tea but it's turned out
really nice and if we're really happy
with it because we can just get like
standard workouts in and be happy and
you know you can always come up here and
do a little sculpting go up the pipes a
little bit you know just stand up here
come over here for like 15 minutes and
do some curls why not that's my favorite
part that I can just come up here any
time and just do curls and I wanted to
show you guys this gym because a couple
people have asked like how does your new
workout room in your house turn out so
this is it I know it's not much but we
had this extra room and instead of just
letting it sit we're using it I have
some UFC memorabilia that's my catcher's
mask when I used to play baseball and
Jenna's jump rope so right now Jenna's
doing some recording for her video she's
voicing some stuff for she's creating a
song I'm sure you guys are gonna I've
seen it by now but that came up here
first of all to show you guys our
workout room and second of all because I
want to do a little workout so I'm gonna
do that now and I guess I can show you
guys me doing that right - is this
something good yeah we get a little
workout in and I guess I'll share it
with you guys
time to get swole though
Wow I just kicked my own ass a little
bit D mind Wow
it was one of those cardio circuits when
you saw is like one round I did twice an
intial last round because it was ugly
but yeah I think I needed that today I
had that energy I just didn't know what
to do with it I'm gonna calm down and
maybe get some curls in and shower and
then helped it out with her video
exciting Wednesday for me kill guys just
finish that workout and I'm gonna run to
the peel box to grab a couple things
that have been sent to us and then also
grab some dinner or they can go destroy
oops and that may be back to help Jenna
so I'll see you guys in a bit coming for
you BAE this is the Chipotle that Josh
and Colleen said they go to wouldn't it
be fucking wild if I written them that's
gonna be too good to be true it's a
dream you know guys I just got home and
got us dinner so I'm excited to eat
right now I stopped at the PIO box and I
wanted to show you guys this brain Rock
tape and they basically make kinesiology
tape I guess you could call it it looks
like this and I just want to show you
guys because this is the stuff I wear
like that goes across my shoulders and I
literally this is all that happened I
tweeted at Rock tape and I was like I
need more of you because I ran out and
then they they sent me this Thank You
Rock tape if you guys have problems and
you are looking into trying kinesiology
tape I would recommend Rock tape my
shoulders thank you greatly rap tape for
sending this I will be wearing in my
competition coming up and probably in
training too but for now Herman and I
are gonna have some food right crimini
was involved he's gonna watch me while I
eat food your favorite thing in the
world is Chipotle so is yours little
peachy girl
so is yours marbled so you guys just get
to watch this heat such a sad life as a
dog I just want to sit around and eat
all day that's all I want to do I mean
feel you're just distracting myself with
other stuff but I'm just waiting to eat
and when I'm done eating I just get sad
because I can't eat for a while okay but
Jenna's working really hard on her video
right now she's creating this song from
scratch and really proud of her putting
in all this work it's gonna be really
funny it's so ridiculous so I'm gonna
have some food right now and then I'll
check back with you guys in a bit okay
hey guys I just got this fucking awesome
thing in the mail this is from my friend
Rachel it's a badass banner this is just
part of the duck this banner is just a
little part of who Rachel gave me and
she also sent me this fireball like she
like wired inside of it a lighting
situation and now that's like a whole
fucking thing it's
so fucking cool thank you Rachel this is
like an awesome gift so I wanted to show
you guys my brand new fireball light in
my awesome banner for swallow I love
when you guys send cool stuff like this
so Thank You Rachel lastly Jenna's
recording audio for her video it's
majestic
whatup guys so right now I am on my
computer and I'm putting together a list
of pictures that I'm getting off the
internet and the list is well there's no
real words to describe it so I thought I
would just show you a little bit of the
pictures that I'm putting together for
Jenna's video
just another day working on Jenna's
videos right now I'm just helping her
put together a bunch of pictures for the
editing of the video because she's still
working on the song but I'm gonna wrap
up if you guys soon because I need to
get going on that in editing labs we
have a busy day tomorrow she's got her
radio show and we're gonna do it early
because we have something to do in the
evening so yeah so yeah I feel like
people say that so yeah really you have
to say so yeah we heard me whatever down
angles guns don't kill people down
angles do alright so that's it for the
vlog today guys thank you so much for
watching and I'll see your lovely little
faces tomorrow or you'll see my lovely
face it kind of just depends on the
dynamic of how we do this so but like I
said we have a pretty packed day
tomorrow so I should have a decent
amount to walk I hope you guys have a
great day
do I need like a sane for when I end my
vlogs everyone else has got this cool
slick saying and I don't have any I just
say I love you guys cuz I do I mean I
don't know
do we even you I don't you think we need
one but if you think I do then tell me
what I should say pretty sure it's
already too late for that I mean already
like a billion blogs in I guess that's
all I really can't say is that I love
you guys thanks for watching I'll see
you tomorrow bye
