hey guys so just had a little secret
breakfast meeting with a couple of
people you might know this is our stance
this is the swollen slick house movie
hey it's like a before nap I ain't my
life I'm going to the gym oh look your
bison is blocking the Sun for my face
right now
your blesses my whole head my bicep says
sorry anyway we have breakfast in now
we're gonna part ways but I'm not gonna
tell you what we were doing yet but it's
super exciting you guys are gonna figure
out soon are they gonna go right now you
would go with a beanie it's a good one
I'll have to tipping tilt to get your
frame at all the jimang side we'll get
implants we're doing talking about
things today we talked about some cool
stuff guys and you're gonna hear about
it maybe soon though maybe get your body
ready oh whatever you guys I just got
home from work I stopped at work real
quick after my little breakfast meeting
with my boys Arnold and Josh I want to
say I hope you guys aren't mad at me for
doing the traditional youtuber like I'm
working on a project but you can't see
it I don't mean to be doing that I don't
want to tease you I really just want you
guys to get excited about something
because I'm so excited about it and it's
a really big deal what we're doing so
it's gonna be fun it's gonna be really
cool and I think you guys are really
gonna enjoy it it's going to give
everyone a really cool opportunity to
see us in a different way but that's all
I'll say right now I'm gonna keep giving
you guys little sneak peeks of what
we're doing and soon enough I can
announce it but I just want to do kind
of apologize for being that guy because
I don't mean to be doing that I want to
just give you 100% of me and be honest
so right now I just can't do exactly
that but it's all very positive so
really do get excited right now
I am updating Jenna's or laptop so she
can edit on it for her boss it'll be
easier for her to take this laptop
around we've moved to her desktop
computer for her main videos and the
podcast and stuff but now that she's
gonna be blogging I figured I would help
her out
get this thing ready and get her a
little Drive so she can have a nice
little vlogging set up so she can edit
easy without having to go to the desktop
it can be on the go so that's what I'm
doing right now I'm trying to help her
get this install the TSM buddy kind of
an older computer so it's taken a while
but
you guys are having a good day I had a
really good meeting this morning and
then I'm also gonna see Josh and Colleen
tonight we're having a double date me
Jenna
Josh and kollene are gonna go out to
dinner and then we're gonna come back
here and maybe have a couple drinks so
I'm really excited to see both of them I
love them so much and it'll be a good
time so I just want to check in with you
guys you're looking mighty fine today
yeah I'm gonna try his freaking computer
- work work work work it's not plugged
and who knows when you're gonna need
this information I don't know but you
might need it I was looking back on
Jenna's old videos in the first video I
was ever in of hers was how to mildly
annoying your dogs and you never see my
face it's just my hands it's funny cuz I
remember I was looking at the comments
and like whose hands are those whose
manly hands with us but that was the
first video I was ever in and then after
that aside from the Ireland vlog I put
my body as a prop in Jenna's how guys
take a shower video I'm watching Jenna's
old footage and this is my body in how
guys take a shower and uh nobody knew
who it was but it was just me with my
shirt off and no head and she used it a
couple times in the video like she would
cut down to her body but it was my body
I think it's funny I was just like
looking through her old stuff hey so I'm
in this beautiful house right now with
Josh who is the man that lives here oh
look at that dance we just came from the
Cheesecake Factory with our coils and we
left them we deserted them we left them
at our place and drove Josh's car here
and now we're gonna bring back like
responsible adults because we're gonna
go have tall glasses of milk maybe a
little bit of chocolate yeah if you guys
said what we mean I've heard it said as
I'm going up on a Tuesday yeah that's
what we're done and I never understood
that reference oh I get turn up turnt
turning up on it you guys are watch this
on a Wednesday but you got to know that
we're going up on a Tuesday I think it's
just any weekday right we went up on a
Monday - this is just a goin up a week
that's how we go what so justin bieber
song by the way we can go nowhere but up
from here
my
dear down southern oh yeah dress you are
waiting that's what I got talking right
infringement sorry I'm singing a beaver
so I was like oh you're fine
no I liked it if people wants to say
something say it to my face
peachy peachy you like Josh I'm not
smelling another go you owe me
oh you made Josh there's a good cool oh
you know sling are you in US alone you
trying to make another boyfriend
what's the only make out boy good girl
Auggie doggie anyway the record light
song
yeah these you've including me oh my god
I wonder what I want Bloggie so bad I'm
gonna buy a flag what do you call a long
but I did cause something else I can't
come well Genesis block cuz I'm not
playing for bar when I cock or like cock
yeah I guess I guess thank you what
should I call mine when I get it what do
you what should we call Pauline's not if
you like lucky but not lucky how about
my blog cam yeah after blocking that I
don't ever do it
I know I just had it with the larget in
Julian you're breaking the number-one
rule right now what look at that camera
and look at the end there we go oh come
now fix it was loving like down angles
that's what's now ETO that's what Josh
said do it down angels yes no didn't I
just ruined each other's craniums what
commission sir that would have happened
with enough angle I'm in a Bloggie this
is a brand angle ringing clicking we're
into selfie
perfect oh my god it strange guys
religious hit heads no like really hard
we both wanted to be since the face I've
had it but I need to tell me in the
conversation just :
fuck me who are you Jenna yes look yeah
I'm just talking away Adam I don't know
who I am I want them to let me know what
I should name my body when I get a pony
is it gonna be one of these yes cuz that
camera is epic alright the best camera
no I call her foggy
alright we can
recording em sometimes look at that
angle oh I'm sorry
wicked hey guys
ah Julian I thought you hey guys I'm
Killeen hey guys my name is Joshua and I
don't name my camera I just I just
talked to it because I'm talking to you
so good thing what no what no I'm
talking to the people not to the camera
I'm so stressed because your battery out
please okay and downing hey guys sorry I
didn't sign off last night we had a
great time but we ended up just going to
sleep because we're pretty tired after
they left so I want to get on here and
say goodbye thank you so much for
watching today's vlog and I'll see you
tomorrow for another exciting blog with
braudy eg do you want to say goodbye no
PG says goodbye oh okay we'll see you
guys tomorrow
Thanks
