hey guys so I'm on my iphone right now
because I left vlog e at home like an
amateur but I'm at Best Buy Jenna's in
the car on a call and she's been saying
for a couple days now that she wants a
Bloggie because she is jealous that I'm
vlogging and she misses vlogging so I
decided I was just gonna run in here and
get her once that's what I'm doing right
now so I'm gonna get Jenna one of those
because she wants one really bad and she
misses vlogging so I want to give that
to her
she's in the car right now she doesn't
know I'm doing this so I'm gonna get the
camera and then run back out to the car
and surprise her I'm excited for her to
vlog YouTube blog is awesome
Auggie's the name so I got it that's a
Jenna's new vlogging so I'm headed back
to the car right now to show her her new
toy I'm excited though I guess this is a
you got this what's the female Varghese
name quotable all right new now we got
to vaughese look at vlogging on the -
here's your battery in your card walkie
you guys said no nice camera I was so
jealous of Julian's logs but I wanted to
start vlogging
I've never even stopped it I've never
really been like a vlogger so much but
like I put so much on snapchat and
something you're a natural dolphin solve
it solve it my loggy is blocked the loq
like law that's the mock vlogging we
just got all dressed up and we're going
to meet Gina and Jesse prank vs. prank
boyfriend vs. girlfriend of aka our
friends Jenna just went in a room to
walk it's so funny now that she is like
walking around with a Bloggie I'm so
happy because the last thing I ever
thought I would ever do is inspire her
to make any sort of video or do anything
so the fact that my vlogs have made her
wanna vlog is pretty cool I think we're
doing a good job guys - seriously though
vlog is better than flock don't get it
twisted
vlog is og but we finished the podcast
it's uploading right now and we're gonna
go have dinner and
some margaritas oh no did you send my
greetings I didn't say my that's why
she's being so cute
you're being very sad and cute I don't
know what it is maybe I'm just used to
being so wily you feel okay you know
when your dog is not misbehaving or only
what the fuck's wrong with you
yeah we're gonna head out soon we're
gonna over there because we don't want
to mess with drinking and driving at all
so Jenna just put a little sticker on
vlog to make sure that she didn't get
her mixed up a vlog ekc but I repurposed
them someone's sent a letter to me with
these little stickers on them so long
jenna Marbles vlog lives
Regina Duffy now
actually more than thoroughly
there's gonna be three bodies at
Paradise because Jesse has the original
body he showed me were walking right now
came down don't give it now PlayStation
2 PlayStation
so I'm kicking it with jewelry in the
blocking situations yes he's the first
person who ever showed me Bloggie this
is buggy a lot like my dad is good but
now it's raining I'm gonna get your
other where you think do we don't not
taking your picture we're gonna say
goodbye think about guys yo on the
streets beside that's cool that's
Hollywood Boulevard for you alright
anywhere guys we just got home we spent
a long time out with them but it was so
nice to hang out and really glad we went
now we're home pack with your dogs kept
saying the Jenner in the car you deserve
a ball cuz she does cuz then we played
goes through the world ball so we're
gonna turn in for the night because
we're really tired and I gotta be up
early some of you guys thanks for
watching the vlog oh one last thing
before I let you guys go I want you guys
to pause the vlog when I show you this
and add me on snapchat so we can be
friends all day long even after you're
done watching the blog alright so pause
it right there point your phone at it
when you're in snapchat so if you do
that then you can see everything I do
all day and it's really fun now I'm
gonna go get Jenna's block so she can
blow up a little bit
hope you guys will see tomorrow
