yo guys look where I am the drink place
I'm stopping here right now because I'm
going over to see Josh and I promised
him I would get him a bottle of his
favorite bourbon a little housewarming
gift for his mancave so that's what I'm
doing
and then I'm over to Josh's house I'll
see him soon I actually just got told by
someone in bed mom to protect my top not
because of those little twats running
around with scissors and filming
themselves cutting people's fucking hair
like cutting their buns off because the
guy who was helping me he was like yes
sometimes I wear my hair up like that
and like first of all I never blogged
about this because it's like so stupid
but it's a one-way ticket to getting
your fucking ass beat and no one's gonna
ask any questions like you came at me
with scissors you may or may not have
cut my hair depending on how fast you
reacted and then you fucking get
assaulted by self-defense like I'm sorry
if that happened to me like I'm going
complete ape shit who the fuck doesn't
and then he was like protect your top
knot and I was like yeah no I saw that
video it's so ridiculous like you can't
even get mad like those guys are
spending their day doing that I can't
believe that shit man how I don't know
I'm not even gonna keep talking about
just making me mad now tapi time
temperate fucking happy time time to go
hang out with Josh enough of that bull
shit that's fucking schoolyard nonsense
damn I got sunburned today so we're
headed back from
golfing my dad and my uncle and I would
call from a Costa Mesa that's
all right so crazy thing okay he beat me
by one stroke
if you don't believe me just watch okay
great sorry that's my rag line down
something crazy a lot of people don't
know that my dad works in the YouTube
space I guess you could say he worked at
maker studios for a while and now he's
working at his own company but he's been
working YouTube longer than I've known
Jenna and when I met Jenna I still
didn't even know what he did and so then
we sort of crossed paths out like
playlists super like really weird
coincidental kind of situation right
it's the craziest thing ever no one
believes it but I tell them it's true
and then they believe it because I told
him it was true great story
he's such a good storyteller my dad was
a stand-up comedian for a long time so
that's if you ever think I'm funny it's
it's genetic and I didn't do it anyway
we are headed over from golf right now
having been nice and sunburnt see that
vlogging thank you for showing me nomad
classic love these good people I like
plugging
Varghese very he's a warm personality
he's comfortable to talk to you yeah
he's real and he's not judgmental I was
looking at his like judging you and me
of like redder faces than no frickin we
look like we just had a vacation in Las
Vegas but yeah anyway I just thought I'd
tell you guys that because you lost
something long yesterday stop you guys
my dad I'll see you guys in a little bit
we're gonna watch some fights tonight
we'll see how that goes
chick fights don't you fight about it
hey guys so it's Sunday right now and we
just went to the dog store the pet store
and got a bunch we did not get a new dog
we got a bunch of toys and two treats
for peach because she chews everything
so we're trying to get her to chew the
right things like slams years yeah
we literally bought them out of lambs
ears we want to try all this other yeah
so we got here's like a beef ear then we
got this filled bone with like bacon in
something flavor and then we got lamb's
ear what's this oh that's an antler it's
an antler
I got a fully horn and we're gonna try
and put them all in place yeah we're
just gonna give her a choice we know you
like live here so they used up to the
mommy's lipliner she ate my blue lip
line shape like cheese things there's a
knife right here babe
let me help so the experiment is gonna
start when we put all the treats down
for peach to look at and just pick we're
gonna tear your amethyst it peachy Oh
Oh Kermit's dying okay buddy you'll get
some which one you wanna chose she's
thick overwhelmed I think she wants all
of them oh she likes that one oh yeah
that's why I got a lot of the filled
ones because I have feeling you would
really like it
they're like sensory overload you like
the beef here oh the fun guys I think
she like well she likes sticks so
basically this is all a step up I've
really fixing the bed like the bed what
what could you be crying about what is
so weird
he's fucking crying whatever they can't
decide well let him just choose and eat
no probably got them alternatives to our
clothing and our things but we're
getting some breakfast right now Kermit
you can have your hook Aref he took the
beefier cooker she got the beef here
hmm-hmm-hmm I don't know how to human on
Sundays so if I don't look like a proper
human just know that this is filmed on a
Sunday we just hate a massive cheap meal
not all of it some of it but we're
feeling pretty lazy and sunday like and
now we bought a TV show to watch so
we're gonna be doing that for the rest
of the night but I wanted to say hi to
you hi
will love fest happening over there
that's what we call Kermit now we used
to go and creamy clue and now it's clue
and then turn into blue put it like your
glue stick I press him in are you a glue
stick he's a goof it's Halloween you're
gonna be
Lucilius hot glue gun hot glue gun
permit I need to nail glue did you miss
Elmer's glue but peach really likes all
of her two toys and treats and stuff and
they've been even fighting over them
which is annoying but it's good that
means that they all like them so pretty
productive Sunday and nice and relaxing
these next couple of weeks are pretty
nuts so this next weekend's crazy and
this whole week I'm doing a lot of stuff
so it's just not going to be very calm
which is good but I will be vlogging as
usual I hope you guys are cool Oh
vlog II so someone College in my last
vlog was like hey does anyone know what
kind of camera uses so woodruff i'd vlog
ii and got like 32 of boats i love it
you guys are amazing - no that's excuse
me yes he didn't watch it is so vlog II
read I know well I just love that you
guys know the name of my camera also
Jenna and I tested out our new Game
Capture tonight so we're gonna figure
out the best way to record games and
there's a lot of fun we may or may not
upload that but Jenna and I are gonna
get ready for the night we're gonna get
ready for tonight
that's my BAE oh yeah I'm not going to
work in the morning but I'm going we're
maxing out at the gym tomorrow which
means we're gonna lift the most weight
we can possibly lift until we fail so
hard Lulu so I might actually film some
stuff tomorrow at the gym so this week
we're maxing out hitting our biggest
lips and then next week we're gonna be
just like taking it taking it easy and
tapering off for the competition which
is in two weeks so Jenna singing a
nightmare fuel and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for another vlog I hope you
have a great Monday love you
say bye to Bloggie bye guys
