say I page cameras over there mmm it's
okay hey guys so I am running around
like crazy today like a fucking madman I
have a billion things to do I just got
done with work and then I went to the
chiropractor got taped up got worked on
feeling good now I have to help Jenna
record her show for serious and I have
that all set up now so she's writing it
right now and she's gonna be done soon
but I'm gonna head off to the gym
because training is something I can't
miss in these next two weeks leading up
to my competition I got to get my
freakin shit Dalvin so I'm gonna go
train tonight and then after training
I'm gonna go have dinner with my mom and
stepdad over in Santa Monica so I wanted
to check in with you guys and I also
wanted to note that I'm really really
frustrated because I was so excited to
like kind of debut Jenna's new mic sound
and her awesome audio quality in her
video and we fucking didn't switch the
settings from last week so it turned out
just mono and you can only hear one ear
so everyone's kind of giving a shit
about that which is fine I mean we
fucked up whatever it won't happen again
so I'll tell you that much anyway I just
kind of want to say that because I made
a note about it in my blog how I was
excited and then it kind of just didn't
work so I look pretty dumb but hey what
are you gonna do you know I'm sitting
here with the little page and we're
gonna get ready to record a show and
then do a bunch of other things so I'm
gonna carry vloggy around with me and
see what I can do maybe you want to get
to my mom's I'll pick you guys up or
something but I love you guys and I hope
you're having a good day so far it's
Friday so put a smile on your face and
I'll see in a bit right Paige that's
right that's right you sit you know why
I don't say sit I'm your master
I own you good good okay guys just
finished training and in my car now so
I'm gonna get going to Santa Monica I'll
be hitting some traffic but it's okay
yeah I'm gonna go have dinner and hang
out with my mom and family for a little
bit and then I'm gonna head back over
home so I can finally relax because
today has really kicked my ass anyway
yeah I'll see you guys welcome
hey guys so stopping to get sushi right
now because I'm going to bring dinner to
the house for everyone to eat because
sushis our favorite food so I'm stopping
in this place that I used to go to all
the time it's my favorite spot I was
around in rude bent this place this Bay
this is puppy you guys have seen puppy
before the puppy is being so adorable
right now this is my purse Lee he grew
up with puppy sort of in high school the
end of high school I grew up with puppy
and she's being so cute right now I mean
yes to the Wylie puppy energy so it's
nice to have to come her name is puppy
but she's not a puppy she doesn't act
like money hey puppy that's right
puppy sit she doesn't like being told
what to do see yes that's what she does
puppy roll over puppy shake puppy shake
puppy shake hmm are you smiling hey you
guys so I'm at my mom's house right now
just hanging out but I wanted to show
you this because this is my home studio
of her amazing artwork everywhere my
grandma did that and the mom did that I
mean she's just she's an awesome artist
so there's like all sorts of badass art
pieces in here and around the house but
anyway this is my mom you marry my mom
hi I remember you remember you know I
remember kissing right they said Jim's
wearing a different shirt today what's
up with that I think it's the same shirt
but I want to show you this wall okay so
first of all this isn't you know my
sister Roxanne she did a commercial for
Canon like a long time ago and this is
her like she looks super fucking badass
and it was uh it was on a like a Canyon
poster in a camera store and my mom what
was the story you know we went to New
York right afterwards and it was every
in every camera so you did this you did
the commercial and then they go to New
York and just see herself in all these
things yeah she was everywhere so I went
to Bel Air camera in Westwood dude and
they are behind it up
they had it up but the manager wasn't
there so they couldn't give it at me so
I went back and then they had gotten rid
of them by then so the woman felt like a
year researching it at Cannon and
getting me one set so persistence you
gotta wonder where I get my persistence
yeah but that's my sister on that cool
cluster and then over here I wanted to
show you when I played baseball in high
school my senior year the local
newspaper like wrote
about me a bunch for whatever is a
photograph and photograph me and I was
like the photograph of every game it was
kind of like a running joke I was like
why am i on every picture but this is me
this is it's me batting and then that's
me catching catching again and then up
here sliding it's like we have this like
old shrine that my mom made but it's
pretty funny like wasn't it kind of like
a running joke that like even if I
wasn't really involved in the game I
would just randomly be the picture if
you were not my son I would have been
furious yeah it was not fair I was just
like just a little embarrassed it was
okay yeah and it's cool you still have
it I didn't even know you still had it
so funny yeah my mom is a National Ski
Patrol she's part of the National Ski
Patrol but this is her certification
right here they misspelled badass she
goes up to Big Bear and she's like the
people in the red vest with a medic logo
on it and she saves people it's crazy
baby yeah yeah that's me and my brother
being weird as kids and now we're just
weird as adults I just want to show you
a little bit my life here all right I'm
back home and we're both just hitting
here playing Altos adventure non-stop
that game is so much fun Jed is playing
on her iPad not playing on my phone like
I've been playing this game for like
ever since Matt's apps did a video on it
and uh Jenna just picked it up yesterday
and she's already like 15 levels ahead
of me and I don't even know how and I
can't land a triple backflip no I don't
want you to do it for me I want to do it
for myself but that's what we're doing
super fucking fun oh wow
I should not follow Pizza Hut on
Instagram because there's a picture of
pizza and now that's what I want just a
calm little night playing some games on
our phones and putting the dogs and our
shirts that's how we do me and Mark are
gonna go to bed now because tomorrow's a
Friday a vlog and it's all you're gonna
be left with for the whole weekend I am
gonna wake up and vlog a little more in
the morning which means you're not gonna
get it
early on Friday you're gonna get a
probably midday but I still wanted to
fit more into this vlog because I can
and I want to do that for you guys it
was really a mocs idea hey guys so as
you can see behind me which got pulled
over apparently my taillights that are
smoked out are illegal so I got a fix-it
ticket he's right
I'm leaving work so this isn't exactly
what I want to be doing right now but I
got these taillights smoked like a long
time ago and I didn't realize that they
were illegal or
or whatever but apparently they are so
CHP pulled me over and
what I'm doing right now I hope your day
is better than mine I don't want to fix
it she won't get home yeah because it
was on top of a couch yeah we need to
put them up high enough so peach can't
reach him is that fine oh I done now
well we should leave it up and see if
they just end up chilling no he will cuz
they like looking out the window like
yeah cuz they're cats we have cats also
guys getting pulled over sucks but as
soon as I got home and I saw this
beautiful face I saw your friends at
your taillights and I go where the cop
could be missing : honestly like that
happened I'm just trying to fulfill
their quote again it's the day it's the
last day of the month almost this signal
I say the month so I love you guys thank
you for watching this last part of the
week and as you can hear that's a Roomba
in the background we're cleaning the
pork out of this house not because you
told me to though but I'll see you guys
on Monday I mean ever fantastic weekend
Jenna do you help do we go yeah mom the
kittens no I'm kidding right now we're
gonna listen to her show is she such a
badass
alright I'll see you guys on my side
