oh it's such a beautiful day today we
just went to a really nice little
breakfast we never go out for breakfast
or any meal and we let go of breakfast
lunch at GP we got coffee and breakfast
and then we stopped at the P o box and
got some stuff so you guys care enough
I'll show you peachie
are you floppy floppy go yells let me
think oils come it that was the UPS
truck not a fighter jet it's mail it
says first oh whoa wait so what is it
they're bracelets from this stacked
collection at stacked collection on
Instagram and they literally set its
thing so says fuck like bones and dangly
stuff I mean while I'm over here I think
someone sent us protein snacks Kim sent
us all these protein packed goodies and
they wrote first sweet on it thank you
they gave me three of these ones that
say best bitches open together this is
for you Julian
haven't seen the Little Mermaid in a
long time brutal open thanks fun thanks
Fred mock got a new bag apparently so
MUC got a new bag this for mark -
alright someone's fitting mock up I just
got something from Keanu and it's
fucking incredible
look at this Jesus that is your body
about to have everything on here this is
so fucking cool but you're hot it says
on top she did the photo booth challenge
look at oh my god this is amazing
Xbox off
this is awesome Thank You Keanu Oh grill
dude this is like one of the coolest
things I've ever seen
well believe shots look you happy let's
get caffeinated you're doing a fuckin
pretty jerk this is like some seriously
cool shit thank you
this is like one of the cool things I've
ever seen happens a burger bottom half
is a burger third half is a pancake
it's from one of my Janie days kitchen
that's awesome thank you Elizabeth thank
you for sending me the coffee that you
promised me on Twitter this is the full
city page blend it's actually Costa
Rican that's really cool we are always
in need of coffee so thank you this is
really I'm still geeking out over this
honestly so much what ended like I can't
even think about how this doesn't weigh
that but so cool someone sent me this
and said it even looks like me which it
kind of does Thank You friends how do I
look this is my new headband beanie
thing except there's a whole long top so
it's not even a beanie it's a headband I
think it looks really nice and it's got
the Super Bowl champs on front which you
know I appreciate the thing is badass
man I think it was for mock or Jenna but
I'm wearing it so if you wanted this not
to be on Julian I'm sorry but Julian
stole it stole thank you to everyone who
sent to stuff it's really cool to open
stuff and see how you put effort into
sending stuff to us pretty wild but
thank you I'm gonna go take this stack
of cool artwork now and put it up in the
podcast room because that is where we
put cool art up hopefully we'll have the
whole wall done soon oh yeah look at
that that's like a flower and you get my
shit together
hey my sh and my salvation wage hey guys
I haven't seen you since this morning so
I hope you had a good day and I hope
you're having a good day although this
is only seconds after the last clip so
for me it was the whole day but for you
is just like seconds it's crazy it's
crazy stuff we are about finished
writing the video now we got to go get
ready and shoot it right we can dance if
we want to leave your friends behind I'd
like to formally tell you guys that I am
aware my house is a mess because even
when there's like a square centimeter of
an Instagram picture showing the floor
with maybe a speck of dust you get
crucified for our dirty my houses so I
am so sorry that my house is not up to
your cleanliness standards but
I'm working on it and and it really is a
lot peach she just takes shit chews it
up and leaves the remnants everywhere
and it's not like I have time to just
sit around cleaning the house so I don't
know what you guys think I do all day
besides you know I make these vlogs to
other things Jenna does a whole bunch of
shit so it's not we're just seeing
around on it anyway oh you guys are
doing good
it's Thursday Thursday gonna be Friday
tomorrow I love those days because it's
just like fuck the rest of the week
already did it you know how you did it
nipple Thanks hey guys just got done
with my shower and now
Jenna's finishing her makeup so I'm
gonna set up the shot for the video so I
figured I would take you guys with me
and show you how that works we're gonna
shoot in the podcast room today so I'm
gonna have to move the table a little
bit because we're not podcasting we're
shooting her video so I guess I'll show
you how that goes
why not alright I think we have a decent
shot set up sometimes Jenna doesn't
really like when the ring light is
directly around the camera she likes to
use it as also kind of a room light she
doesn't necessarily like the dark
background rings in your eyes for every
vlog so she likes to mix it up so this
is what it looks like we got the ring
light over here kind of projecting on
the whole shot you know as a scene
rather than just my face camera dead
center and then we got our other light
over here the little filter over it so
it's kind of washed out but it's looking
pretty good I think she'll like this
shot I think what we're gonna do in the
meantime is put up a few more pieces of
artwork to key back into the wall that
we got today but this is normally what
goes into setting up a shot sometimes
she'll want a different background like
she doesn't like to shoot at the same
background I'm sure you guys noticed
because she doesn't feel like that's her
style to do like the YouTuber wall every
single vlog so she likes to mix it up
tonight she's gonna shoot in front of
this wall next week we met you somewhere
completely different but yeah that's
normally what will go into it we
normally have two of these lights except
one of them broke so we're working on
getting that replaced we're using the
ring light as kind of our second scene
light for now and that's our little
monitor up there so if you ever notice
like in the podcast we check up there
real quick that's because we're checking
the monitor but we we try not to get in
the habit of
because you see a lot of youtubers
especially went like the monitors like
to the right but like a DSLR you'll see
them like vlog like this because they're
just like looking at themselves instead
of like looking at the camera yeah shall
be done here soon and then we'll be
shooting her video and then I'll check
back in with you guys
alright thanks Ann Faraday alright okay
you know guys so we just finished
shooting her video she's ending it right
now I'm gonna go in there and help her a
little bit but I also gotta hit the vlog
so that's why I'm in here but I'm really
excited because this is the first week
that I figured out a way because we have
a new camera now it's got XLR ports
which basically means you can use real
mics for that camera so this is the
first video of genna's where she at the
professional sound so it sounds a lot
better and I was like I'm kind of
geeking out of that because it's it's a
nice thing when you are able to improve
your quality of videos that drastically
but like I said that's pretty much it
for the night we're gonna turn in pretty
soon and get to uploading but I love you
guys thanks for watching the bar today
and I'll see you tomorrow alright
