good morning friends we are waking up
right now and we Chi is so wild but we
are gonna go on a quick hike for a
little while just to get out and get
some steady-state cardio and get the
dark side as usual and then later on I
am going to go to work and then I'm
gonna go meet up with Josh at the
Miranda show and hang out but I want to
say how do you guys and PT is just
making everyone crazy as he usual when
are you gonna calm down do you have a
date set her so we just got back from
the hike and I changed and now I'm gonna
head off to work for a little bit
because I have some work to do
then I'm just gonna go straight to meet
up with Josh and all them at the show
and jen is having her smoothie right now
but smoothie see you guys are better
hey guys so I just look work and I'm
grabbing gas right now because I have a
little time I finish work early but I'm
headed over to see Josh show them at the
show set the Nokia Theatre so I'm going
downtown
what updates you and I'll be seeing him
soon so get excited hey I just got to
Club Nokia where the miranda show is
happening I met some friends out front
they were all dressed like Ryan I which
is pretty cool
and Rachel's over here
yeah I'm gonna be done being antisocial
in a second you just she just slid down
this ramp okay like an Olympic athlete
like I know a big loser it was like it a
little big event Josh you down there
he's on the phone but I wanted to check
in with you guys and say what's up and
I'll check back you and you know more
stuff happens yes there's kids running
around under that's awesome Jenna would
love this sure
hey guys look who my new friend is hey
hey guys tippy-toe cuz he saw I thought
he's trying to talk well you so we're
singing out at the variety show
backstage we may or may not be trying to
get drinks brought back maybe it's like
20 minutes till show time so it's a
great topper
so josh is running or not making
everything happen I just want
because he missed you guys hello it's me
all of you see it in your smile
something something that's all I know
you guys just leave my light sleigh I'm
gonna slay the small of your back yeah
way too inappropriate out of context
that sounds horrible
genius come around the back stays you
got the best seat in the house excited
super exciting cool
what is up guys just back in the car
that was a pretty awesome experience
going to watch Miranda show it was 9
o'clock right now and uh it was just a
really cool experience and I'm happy I
got to go see that live I mean kollene
is incredible and josh is incredible
josh and i and arnold we're talking
about some cool stuff that we want to
tell you guys about so we're gonna try
to figure it out and too much you know
how that goes but I also got to meet a
lot of you guys you guys there was a
bunch of you said hi and it's really
sweet of you so thank you for saying I
headed home right now to see the dogs
Jenna's out for drinks so she'll be back
in a little while but I'm hungry so I'm
gonna go home and eat right now sees him
so I'm home just hanging out with a
little ease right now I'm talking about
you know Paige I'm just hanging out the
dogs I think I'm gonna do a little mini
workout upstairs now because we a little
gym set up and I'm just tempted to go in
there all the time now so great she's
gonna go get swole 10 o'clock at night
for no reason that's rude but I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog I guess it was
a little exciting cuz I went to that
show and got to see Miranda and all my
BAE's and Josh and meet Arnold and all
the balancers and everyone's always so
nice peachy where you going hold on I
got wet peach out but thank you guys for
watching the vlog I'm really excited
about some of the stuff that I'm gonna
be working on and potentially making it
happen so I guess
stand by for certain things but I love
you guys see you tomorrow for the next
vlog I do want to say that I really
appreciate when you guys say hi to me
because uh it's really nice and you guys
are always so nice to me so thank you
guys for saying hi always and forever I
appreciate it and I'm always gonna take
a picture with you because I learned
from the best I'll see you guys tomorrow
for the next vlog and now I'm gonna go
outside and try to make peach pee
because it's cold and she doesn't feel
like peeing outside
thug life guys thug life alright I had
to jump on here really quick because I
have a special announcement that I just
got in the mail but uh I got myself a
game capture device so I just wanted to
show you this is a little teaser that
you will be seeing Jenna and I
post gaming videos now I don't know
where the gaming videos are gonna take
place on like what channel or what not
will be on one of our channels and I
don't know the context of which the
gaming videos will be in but I do know
that we have fun playing video games
very childishly
we can now share them with the world aka
you friends so get your bodies ready for
weird and immature gaming we're gonna
have to figure out how to use this but
I'm excited thank you guys for watching
and this time really I'll see you
tomorrow
