what up guys
so it's Saturday night and I told you my
friend Ravi was coming into town and he
did we just got dinner down the street
he came over the hill and had dinner
with us and now he's here hanging out
and drinks with us which I'm so happy
about because I had such a great time
with him at playlist and so now he's
here hanging out but I promised I would
say hi to you guys when I was hanging
out with him
so I'm saying hi and also I will pick up
vlog e my portal to you lovely people
when he's done having this conversation
with Jenna so we can show you Ravi cuz
Robby is parking one cool motherfucker
Ravi over here
she doesn't need be on you got it this
is Bloggie and these are my friends
their blog we came all the way from fuck
in New York hey just to get drunk and be
stupid with me again I mean he might
have other stuff to do but that's gonna
blog right now
that's up to you I'm stood in the bar
some type of blogging why he's very
comfortable he's very easy in fact it's
very likely that jawline relaxed okay
it's just me and Robby right now hey
guys
you remember your lives y'alright
patient and surname patient yeah that
was gone he left us we're talking to
taggi party blogging tank you're so sexy
Jackie's machete you stop attacks combat
topic hope you guys enjoy looking at
this probably face because he's gonna be
a realm alright i'm gonna fucking take
vlog if anything he's gonna be around
he's any looking at Varghese like yeah
you're terrifying in your onesie Oh
menacing we woke up and came to our
favorite place to park this is the view
we have what we want
last time we came here was like vlogmas
right just take the dogs out yeah look
at it one deer walking around yeah he
nice and cold which means no one's here
it's a little bit rainy nice and cold I
actually like this weather and it's a
plus because no one's here we're just
getting them tired and have a nice
Sunday walk
we had fun last night it was good time
you know Robbie and Gaby you know it's
the usual crew yeah so later on we're
gonna have our cheat meal which we're
thinking about what we're gonna eat now
and then every set a couple of patties
what do you want and sheep just want to
show you guys where we are because it's
so wonderful did you come did you come
you can come did you come inside
peih-gee come inside from the garage why
can't you get up it's an easy jump let's
go Jenny got two caffeinated why did you
get your tea company you want to crawl
your own skin yeah we'll just unzip it's
on the back better you should drink
water it might help did you drink water
did you drink water though no what about
drinking water
yeah we're not drinking a Green Monster
shape with spinach and gross this you
guys are well pigs do you know that
you're pigs
hey the greenie let's get you on
caffeinated China's doing any tricks its
current decaffeinate in you these are as
flashbacks bringing you down a little
bit it's just a onesie
Kermit it's literally a piece of
clothing okay it can't hurt you probably
it's a onesie oh my god he's terrified
coming it's just like a it's a shirt
well hello dear haven't seen you all day
we just podcast it and now we're eating
dinner sort of we're making dinner oh
yeah we got these collars for the dog at
this gifting suite and apparently the
collars are made from the pheromones of
breastfeeding mothers so it gives them a
calming type thing and it's actually
seeming to work you know peaches to me
calm so that's cool so that's cool so
that's a thing that exists now but we
are gonna eat soon but we just podcast
like I said and so I'm putting that
together and uploading it right now
which is a little lengthy thing because
when you're uploading like an hour of HD
it's like it's a little it's a little a
little HD look at now yeah so at the
beginning of this blog you guys watched
some of the stuff that went on this
weekend so I hope you enjoyed some of
that it was Robbie as our guest over at
the house this weekend which I really
enjoyed he's a fun guy and I really like
him so I was happy he could come visit
anyway I I'll get on with you guys in a
little bit when I sign off but I just
want to check in and say hi and say
we're making food and a lot of you been
asking why I haven't put up at JJ's
kitchen a while and the honest truth is
that we're not fucking cook and cool
shit right now we're just like making
kind of pre-made stuff and boring like
healthy meals so I'm gonna try to
formulate some good stuff for you guys
to get some JJ's kitchen fix in your
life because I know you guys like that
but that is why I'm hungry what up yo so
that's it for the vlog I'm gonna sign
off right now
get ready for bed it's gettin kinda late
we're just hanging out man
we're hanging out spending time we are
living right now to snack a little bit
it's not so important you need to know
that that I was gonna have a snack a
little bit tomorrow I am gonna be doing
something exciting it thank you josh
invited me to go send its kind that's
right living true well yeah miranda has
a show tomorrow and Josh invited me to
go see it so I'm gonna go hang out with
him tomorrow and do that and Jenna's
gonna go have drinks with young friends
till you know my friends from college
yeah college friends so tomorrow's
friend day but I love you guys and I
want say thank you for watching my dick
you weren't watching my dick that's
inappropriate ah fuck that's appropriate
by the way Chris Pratt and Anna Faris
are OTP OTP OTP their BAE yeah hope you
guys enjoyed the broadcast to is a
really fun one you haven't seen it go
check that out fuck was it stop he did
that right later guys
we'll see
