hello mister are you doing he's being
like morning sweet nice all tired and
stuff yeah it's 11 p.m. on this side of
the night and adds just waking up
I love right-leaning wakes up after he
like goes party he just wants to like be
held for a minute you know it's Sunday
night oh but it feels like Saturday
night because tomorrow is a holiday it's
Labor Day anyway I wanted to just show
you because it's that time again guys
it's time to clean ads cage and I wanted
to show you how we do this it's really
relatively simple but it's a legendary
process nonetheless like every month or
so we have basically dig through his
cage take out all the stuffing which is
all this material this is the stuffing
and it's kind of like the stuff he makes
his nests out of in his house and you
know it's just kind of what he stands on
hey bud and so we replace that with over
here we have brand new better your
stuffing okay well we basically like
either take him out or let him kind of
sit in there whatever you want but we
scoop all of the bedding out there's a
lot of reasons in here you're allowed to
be choosy Jenna and I were just playing
pop G we got second place the new duo is
back in town yeah we were sandwiched on
the bottom of a hill and there was a guy
with a ghillie shooting at us from the
top of it he's been hoarding in his nest
oh my god in his bed so you could eat in
bed I like doing this because it feels
like we're doing like home makeover yeah
add addition because we just like
rearrange all of this furniture
give him some fresh bedding which he
loves and it's always fun to see like
what he turns his house and it's like we
set it up only to a certain point and he
kind of like runs with it you know it's
okay we're throwing you in the trash
he's like BAM something thrown me out
mr. Edward like when he wakes up there's
a good like 10 15 minutes where he just
either wants to be held or he's just
kind of like sleep in his tunnel like
it's kind of like when you wake up yeah
but it's like it's like when you wake up
and you're on your phone you're like
snoozing that's what he does in his
tunnel so so that's like the best time
to hold him because he's just like he's
like this he's chose bar
cool
peachy
against it he's not for you
the very point
we're gonna make you a new design okay
here's my bedroom
alright so the tunnel is gonna go like
right where it was
yeah but totally buried oh yeah
the exciting new house new even more
time okay he said he said you talking
about more tunnel time all he wants his
tunnel time oh that's a nice bury tunnel
yeah look at that
so he can go literally underground he
loves that this one is his baby he loves
it he takes it that's that
he's got this one that he likes oh god
yeah she's still in this neck thing but
he isn't he has a modern layout the back
I think he has a modern design of his
house he just got off the market
he was built by a famous designer that's
not paying for a cent of it are you bud
that's your wheel that's where you get
fit for the ladies but oh my god that's
adorable
he likes to climb well you can't use my
beard to climb out of there father you
can't do that no you effectively use my
beard to get out of this little pouch I
was amazing oh my god he just completely
escaped by using my beer
Wow do you think oh he's killing in this
part all that favorite part of this he
loves to talk cuz it's just such a
hamster wheel like rodent thing you like
a date how'd you like an you you like
your new cage bud and how do you like a
new house okay three million dollars
just coming off the market do you think
what okay
so happy you think a little sand bath he
already loves it oh my god back into the
zone this is how it looks now I want to
show you in like maybe 48 hours because
he changed
we'll get them so we as you can see
modified we modified our setup to be a
LAN party friendly in what we're doing
right now it's just that a LAN card
I'm bad you're not bad
I got one kill and that makes a three
lifetime one streaming live
might as well not exist I know that's
like honestly something I feel like
anytime I do well officer and I'm like
it might as well have not even happened
nobody's side but we just got this is
our second second place of the night
yeah two seconds yeah we've got in two
second places tonight but yeah we got a
second-hand PC it was like used we
bought that one used and we have so we
can we can do LAN parties or one person
plays there and one person plays here
this is still the streaming set up
sometimes drinking set up if you will
but we're just pumped in our life if you
guys have never tried a LAN party I
highly suggest it because we're just
gonna land party our little hearts out
right now he's like late look at him
look at him right now sick the laid out
on my hand okay add his legs already
good do you like being held but alright
want to slowly get down so this is like
whenever I put him back he likes takes
his time getting out of me okay yeah new
ad
