what's going on guys how you doing I am
just chilling right now at home with
these two I have just the a keys because
Jenna just left for the desert she's
going to meet her friend mamrie for a
night and a day and hang out and just
kind of get away so she took marbles and
she just left like five minutes ago so
it's just me tonight just a mom with
teddys we're having a little guys night
even though peach is not a guy
she's an honorary guy you kissing your
brother I have work in the morning
and I'm gonna find find a way to get
some sort of training in whether it's
Olympic or LA Fitness or maybe just yoga
um I got to see how I feel tomorrow
that's the plan and for right now just
some wonderful sushi because sushi is
Bay and that ringing noise is the
fireplace it just likes to make a
fucking noise so sorry about that we're
gonna Iggy ourselves out now are we
gonna get out crime is so nervous Kermit
the war's over buddy I think he'll be
okay he really loves his mommy but we'll
be all right
hey guys so I'm just hanging out Jenna
left a little while ago and I ate dinner
but I decided that I wanted to make
flurry so I'm gonna go get a bit flurry
because that's what you do okay well
right when I picked up ragi I was gonna
tell you that I was gonna leave peach
with this on while I went to get a
McFlurry and then the GoPro died so
she's extremely happy about that I want
you yeah he was being kurma and she like
wasn't moving you know like silent
protest so that's not gonna happen maybe
next time I'm gonna put it on the
charger gonna go get a McFlurry because
I really want sorry sue me about it all
right but having it furry me like a
little fat kid wake up wishing I didn't
need it and I'm gonna work it off
tomorrow on my long eggy walk oh hello
sweet darkness my old friends just
passing by this time I shall see you in
the near future reckon I'll be yeah can
I get a large M&M mcflurry please
anything else that's it alright thank
you
to 71 I should eat McCrory's every day
and just not eat any any protein or any
carbs or any fucking anything else just
Nick flurries don't judge me by passing
by the yoga place that I'm gonna go to
tomorrow to directly regret what I'm
doing right now but thug life half turn
down for what McDonald's so I'm being
really honest here if I were at a place
other than McDonald's
I would probably just got the
cheeseburger and maybe two fries linking
it out or something like that but I'm
not even kidding with you
the McFlurry is the only thing that I
can safely eat for McDonald's that I
know of I mean other than like water or
soda because nothing is getting free
they're not even the fries that is a
moment where my celiac made me less of a
fat fuck I'm not even like hungry
particularly I would just eat it's not
good I guess I should snapchat it
because I told everyone I was thinking
about it god I'm such a responsible
driver and welcome Internet all right
guys just got home and I figured I would
share this first bite with you mmm not
for you not for you by the way my
snapchat today absolutely obscene I
snapped way too much 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 18
snapchat today what I don't know
honestly like I'll have some days where
I just snap chat all day long and then
never for the next like three four days
yeah I'm just gonna eat the hell out of
this look for now I watch rape
investigations with detective Benson and
Stabler and no one's ever going to beat
that combo so stop trying although this
week's episode is really good I'll give
you that
karma come come in come Kermie come
Kermit come Kermit it's time for bed
let's go come accom Beach
good morning guys just woke up and I'm
about to take the dogs for a walk but
Kermit keeps doing this thing where he
doesn't listen to a damn thing I say
Kermit calm Kermit calm creamy calm
Kermit calm
Kermit calm with the seasons biggest
so I'm just taking him for a quick walk
this morning and then I'm gonna head off
to work for a few hours and then I was
thinking uh might bathe them they seemed
really bad particularly curved it cuz he
does this thing where he pees like a
girl so it just goes like in a straight
line and sometimes it hits him and then
it just stays there I'm really confused
at why he's not listening to me while
Jenna's gone he normally listens to me I
think he's just kind of he's being a
little brat but alright you need a
breath but I'm psyched for this weekend
it should be a fun weekend Jonas should
be back later tonight she said she's
having fun out in the desert I'm happy
she's uh she's getting away and you know
getting some her time in Hey yet another
car vlog sorry about that and I'm in a
red light so I'm not gonna drive and
vlog I'm finishing work right now and
I'm hoping I can get over to this store
that sounds like workout equipment
because I want to get a flat bench
because we have this little makeshift
workout room and I want to get a flat
bench because Jenna's been using a chair
to do like step ups on so I want to have
a nice like real bench for her when she
comes back and also for me and I'm gonna
get some dumbbells too so hopefully I'm
gonna be able to do that but first I got
to stop at home because my debit card
got hacked somehow so they cancelled it
and send me a new one and I think it's
supposed to be here today so I need that
to buy the bench I needed to buy
everything so let's hope that's there
when I get home but I'm gonna go see how
the eggies are doing and hopefully not
sitting too much traffic okay okay
what's wrong you having your flashback
hmm Dookie coming on go outside can we
come can we come come and come can we
come
come here come we get you claim to be a
player but a fox away somewhere hey guys
what's up so I am gonna give the Iggy's
a bath right now and I figured I was
bored yet because it's funny
and they're ridiculous and stinky so I'm
drawing the bath right now it's going to
be ready in a few minutes and then
I'm gonna hop in and paint them all
right good job
yeah they're so stinky and I don't like
it I know we gotta be clean like a hot
dog no teaching oh right the other side
like papaya you should get off me man
okay you're so stinky
Barry get the hands because that's where
he pees on himself good boy good boy
hanky no fat bro be an extra spray for
that peachy get the way now you kinda
leave her in your soul your turn man
it's the weed - who put some ketchup on
there we go these are the computer
dirty little paws are so cute I know
it's not fun yeah it's full of pretty
fun it only takes like very short for
them to drive you because I'm like I
said they have short fur but they're
doing pretty good when marbles is in the
back with them
it gets fucking crazy because he treats
curve it up and then Kermit gets even
weirder kind of being good I just
couldn't stand him smelling like fucking
pee so Jenna's gonna come home to some
nice clean Iggy's and you guys got to
watch me bathing them like infants sorry
so I'm gonna go get dressed now and get
easing he's dry but I'm gonna sign off
with you guys right here I love you guys
so much thank you for watching this
Friday blog and sorry it's up late
Fridays are kind of hard for me because
I don't know a lot of shits going on
especially when Jenna's out here and my
debit card hasn't come yet so I'm still
waiting on that but I love you guys I
hope you have an awesome weekend and
I'll see you Monday all right peace
