hey what's up guys
so today we're kind of rushing around
for the video that Jenna's got to make
so I didn't really get a chance to vlog
much but I wanted to get on here and say
what's up and uh Bri you guys cuz I feel
like I haven't talked to you a little
while so hi guys I hope you're all doing
really well we're about to start
shooting Jenna's video and she's getting
ready and I'm getting the shots ready
but I was able to get out here and say
what's up to you guys this weekend will
be hopefully an exciting weekend because
robby ayala is coming to town and we
hung out in florida for playlist so he's
coming to town and i'm thinking i'll see
him which will be fun cuz we had a blast
last time we hung out so I'm excited for
that
also Jenna and I are going to be going
to some event in downtown LA I'm not
even really sure that's sick something
for the Academy Awards on Saturday so
I'll be able to vlog that which will be
exciting we also got this game Disney
infinity it's been really fucking fun
look who just got here so like I was
saying we are gonna look into finding
out like the best ways to record games
so we can like maybe put some gaming
videos on either my channel or Jenna's
channel or her blog Channel or whatever
just because we play these games
together and we just die laughing
whether it's a game on the Xbox or on
our iPhones or iPads we just like find
this like the dumbest games and it just
laughs really hard so we wanted to make
a video out of them No so I want to let
you guys know that we're gonna look into
maybe making some gaming videos for the
future just because uh it's super funny
and ridiculous hey Shane would you look
at a camera are you so pretty
she's like the ring lens too is too
bright like I said we're gonna get to
shooting this video now but I'll sign
off with you guys in a little bit just
wanted to say what's up and I hope you
guys are doing really well am i boring
you and I hope you guys enjoyed that
game of Pictionary that Jenna and I
played because we definitely enjoyed it
I thought it would be fun to kind of mix
in a challenge video you said you're
cool that's unnecessary
why do you yawn alright I'll see you
guys in a few we gonna shoot this video
now I'll see y'all in a sec my main goal
is to blow up
like I don't know why so check us out we
just went to Target to get props for
Jenna's video and I made like a Twitter
video yesterday I was like cuz we went
to Target yesterday - and I made a
Twitter video saying like Jenna D or
anything else at Target - like what and
I was like literally anything because
target is fucking anything it's a joke
the food clothes whatever so we went we
got this fucking mix-up shit and I want
to show you guys because you're gonna
have already watched her video by now
but it's still a ridiculous like
grouping of things you got a styrofoam
baseball bat and ball to go with it a
Rubik's Cube an orange a 2 XL workout
shirt 2 XL pajama pants some granola
that's just for me we're not gonna use
I'm just gonna eat it skip it and a
hula-hoop so if you're working at Target
and two grown-ass people come in to get
this group of things what exactly are
you left to think I mean looking at it
now I didn't realize the the odd
pairings of all this stuff until right
now but looking at it right now I would
be concerned if I were to target and
some two grown people came in here and
bought all this stuff this is a weird
fruit to buy just by itself and then the
granola I mean we're not using it for
the video but it does add like another
weird element I don't know I just
thought you guys should know the weird
kind of crap that we buy it Target and
you know what the funny part is we got
all this stuff for a video but for any
other given run to the store work eating
like groups of weird shit like this all
the time you guys want to see my new
friend his name is baymax it's up be
next I fucking love the big hero 6 I was
such a great movie that's part of the
game we bought so if you have that that
toy you can like use him as a character
oh also I was thinking about doing a
what's on my iPhone video because I've
never done that
that seems to be kind of popular on
YouTube so if you guys care enough to
know what I have on my iPhone I guess
let me know in the comments that you
want that video and for those who have
been saying to do mock draw my life I'm
gonna talk to her because she's got to
get on that new girl time I'm gonna talk
to mark about that so she can get that
done there's pillow stuffing everywhere
because peach just rips the damn
stuffing out of all her all the pillows
and out of everything she's just a mess
make her man oh yeah last time you saw
me there was no fleet doubt but not as a
fleet I was downstairs with peach right
and it was peach and Marvel's current
went upstairs and I went to the bathroom
and I had just let peach out to the yard
I think you gotta saw me let her out and
then I show the door because she came
back in and then I'm in the bathroom and
I hear peach crying so I go out of the
bathroom and she's just sitting there
looking at me and like crying and I'm
like peach what's wrong like why are you
crying at me because there was no real
reason I know she cries sometimes but
she doesn't cry like that so I was like
what's wrong and then I heard a bark and
I'm like where's marbles so I go outside
he's waiting outside he got like locked
outside in the backyard and peach was
trying to tell me that's why she's the
smartest dog in the house she saved
marbles from imminent nothing out in the
cold he was just sitting there that's
like not the first time we've lost
tomorrow's outside he because he creeps
around he creeps around in the weirdest
little spots and and then we like
totally forget we think he's like in the
couch and then he doesn't even bark
really like like he doesn't bark when he
needs the bark killed he barks when he
doesn't need department when you call
him yeah you think all the dogs are in
times like guys come in and the current
peach come in and you're like that
bobbles trouble area inside so you close
the door in the New Year like 75 degrees
as a makeup gun
oh good make father goals
good bye well we ought to start shooting
a video now I'm gonna do that and we're
gonna use vlog II so I can't
not that I would vlog while we were
shooting anyway that's immature as fuck
up angles man oh my god
alright so we just been issuing Jenna's
video that's why we look like a mess
we were so sweaty and a mess we did the
conjoined twin challenge and it was way
harder than we thought but I never want
to be a conjoined twin with you thanks I
don't want to be one with you thanks
guys for watching the vlog I love you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow for the
last part of the week I'm Kermit what do
you say there Kermit we're not in the
war anymore I love you guys we'll see
you later
