hey guys what's up so today I decided to
make a vlog of my life I wanted to do
some sort of game or challenge or a real
content that's like my life because
today I invited that one to come play
Pictionary with me we're gonna draw on
this path five things each we're going
to rotate turns and we're gonna draw
things and each of us has to guess we
have 30 seconds to draw a picture so
have you guys are cool with someone
makes it on the channel all right we
should get to it because this is
important business have a fuck around
I thought ones yeah me praise all right
you you you go first I'm with that so
woman we're gonna set 30 second times my
phone first one go that's an i it's a
ghost
snapchat oh it's a person with long hair
Keisha fat tuxedo penguins girl Chloe
from fine try good try it yeah oh it's
crescent moon it's a bird's nest ooh
it's a hot dog I am oh you're eating a
bowl of cereal a beautiful of something
9 seconds food summer we're dinner
all right
it is a little guy that doesn't always
angry this is a person a girl what
scratches all over the face it's a
mitten that's a mountain in Scarface
8:37 and the afternoon got some egg in
my mouth in my chocolate eyelids so
you're gonna support me Oh 837 bitches
bitches I even do the head shape right
damn it means fucking hard are you
smiling
alright that is horrifying you get
kicked out across the eating this
toothpick sherry is it hard she
literally just fell I've received that
is a graphic angle I guess there's only
one way to really show the tape I'm like
sitting here over with slaughterman and
pts shit check they came to play
I just wanna get gameplay and I just
play a little school
well thank you guys for watching or hope
you guys enjoy this challenge a little
mix-up in my channel how we got to
regular vlog them off maybe maybe I'll
do something fucking else I don't know
that was fun thank you for being there
for the fuckery in the inappropriate
drawings thank you :
you're very cute I like your shirt by
the way thank you I love you guys thank
you for watching
