take the morning guys just grabbing some
gas right now on the way to training we
are gonna podcast later today because
it's Monday Presidents Day and we
normally do it Sunday or Friday but he
didn't get to it this weekend so we'll
do that later we also might do something
fun like at the dogs go for a hike or
something just grabbing some gas right
now I want to say hi guys I'll hit you
guys about the training what's up guys
just finished my workout and wow I got
my ass kicked today but I'm feeling good
like happy I went in the train but I'm
headed home right now kind of want to go
get some hot yoga and later I feel like
my body would really like that haven't
done that in a while and I need to get
back to doing that when I'm doing hot
yoga like any sort of regular schedule
like a couple times a week or whatever I
feel amazing all the time I just need to
get back to it so I might try to do that
later in the podcast and I need eat food
I got a drive but uh I just got home and
I had ordered this like on Friday and
fucking Amazon Prime's dope so it showed
up today but I had seen this like online
somewhere I think Lena overly attached
girlfriend tweeted about it one time and
I got it it's a dog GoPro mount so we're
gonna go on a walk in a little bit and
I'm gonna give you a new toy yeah you're
gonna wear the backpack that's gonna
film your weird point of view you're so
wily Jenna said she got into a box of
tampons unused tampons earlier so she's
just being a little shit so we need to
walk them but first I'm gonna make some
food and then it's GoPro dog time you
like your new toy she doesn't know what
to do what the fucking GoPro
it's charging right now but we'll do for
the walls
you like your new toy baby girl yeah you
do you want to go for a walk yeah sit
a little dog walk for the day right now
I got the AES out here but we also have
peach camp peachy are you rocking the
camera today you help me shoot the vlog
yeah we got the GoPro mount because I
ordered the GoPro mount ago from 12 and
it's really fucking cool and so we're
going to you'll be seeing some of the
peach cam turning this vlog to anyway
she doesn't care it's really funny she's
just like happy all the time in other
ways she was like she was itching
herself you know when I first put it on
but now she's just fine are you fine
heaven we want to try to put on carpet
because he was absolutely lose his shit
he's so weird about stuff like he can't
even put a shirt on him without him
acting totally weird but yeah we're just
on a nice little walk right now and
hanging out we're gonna podcasts when we
get home so we're thinking of what we
should talk to us about right now
okay back to peach jam hey what up guys
so we just finished podcast it's like 10
minutes away from being fully uploaded
right now but we got it done it was a
fun one this week we did guessing movie
quotes which I think it was more fun to
just like come up with them and like
talk about him than it was to actually
guess cuz wow she just whipped me their
hair that hurts
get away Rudolph come on what the fuck
was that animal this is what you're
doing right now no I didn't pause it
we're watching what is it called broken
skull challenge broken so it's Steve
Austin's new game show where it's it's
the dopest thing ever it's like a mix of
American Ninja Warrior mixed martial
arts and the challenge it's like those
all combined to make like a glorious
fucking fighting competition it's really
cool anyway we are going to go out right
now run a couple errands and then we'll
be back but I just want to say hi and
look at my sexy orange shirt it's the
same color as my brothers hair I need a
ginger get it what is that they little
hair oh my hello are you having your
tail that's your tail that your wagon
little puppy yeah are you excited yeah
your dog guys we're just laying around a
dog's being lazy our new favorite show
ended so we're just watching cops on you
because
and no beep he's so tired and friendly
but I think that's it for the for today
thank you guys for watching again I'm
getting crushed by a pillow oh no no I
save you you saved my life
oh but I hope you all like the peach cam
that was really fun I'm gonna think of
cool things to do with that not just on
walks but maybe I am maybe Kermit cam
and then I also maybe like fetch cam and
you know we should do is we should
fucking turn it on while we're gone yeah
you know what I mean so we can see all
the shit she's up to Oh that'd be good
that's what we should do I'll see you
guys tomorrow hope you have a great day
I love you thanks for watching and
thanks for watching the podcast that was
a fun podcast today right it was fun
too bad I stuck like the Little Mermaid
know your guys bye say bye
