hey I'm looking at jewelry right now for
Valentine's Day you guys are gonna watch
this is my mom remember her you guys
aren't gonna watch this till Monday cuz
I don't want to give it away and post
this tomorrow
we're looking for something for Jenna
even though she said don't get her
anything I'm a bad listener so we'll see
what we come up well you can get me
something no I think that's what I'm
doing right now I told Jen I was getting
lunch which isn't a lot cuz we're gonna
hit lunch after this okay so we're
leaving the store right now our special
jewelry spot it's top secret though no
one's ever gonna know about it I may or
may not have been strong-armed into
buying little of something that sounds
really good strong arm I got her a nice
Valentine's Day present because I've
never got my mom a Valentine's Day gift
so I want to do that right mom yeah all
right happy birthday let's go get some
sushi no mom yeah
yo what up guys so I just left lunch
with my mom we hung out had a good time
I got Jenna this pretty small little
chain necklace with some diamonds on it
and it's not that big I just wanted to
get her something because Valentine's
Day is a special day you know when you
have someone that you love I wanted to
let you guys in on the top secret little
mission I took with my mom to get a gift
but I'm headed up right now and I'll see
you in a bit oh thank you
this is oh my friend you look this you
look done like you like focuses yeah my
friend
yeah listen credit it's different blog
here honest and you that's the new
camera yeah I just do what I say I got
it I'll fuck why can't guys really maka
maybe you ain't got no life
we wrote good morning guys please excuse
me for any of the drug ridiculousness
that was included in this vlog I'm 12
except I'm legal drinking age so I'm not
really 12 but when I'm drunk I'm 12 we
are trying to get ourselves together
Jenna is going to shoot with the
finebros today so she's doing her makeup
and simultaneously half kneading and
hydrating and all sorts of things so
we're gonna get over there and she's
gonna shoot with them doing the react
stuff for about an hour and then it's
cheat meal time so I think we're gonna I
really want Wendy's man I haven't had
Wendy's and wait too long so I think
we're gonna just do that thing and then
once we're done get some food and get
back home and have a little Sunday night
HBO relaxation food time but I want to
eat on here and say hi I had a good time
this weekend
I had a great Valentine's Day I loved
all the comments you guys left on that
video it was really nice of you I hope
you all are having a good Monday so far
look at this I'm wearing all black black
black black black black BAM it's the
biggest contrast ever you look at me
you're like oh this guy oh yeah he's
wearing all black he's appropriate no
he's not he is ratchet that's me
half appropriate ratchet oh we hung out
with Alex James again last night and
that dude super cool man I didn't know
him that well before but he's been
coming over with Gabby and super cool
dude I'll see you guys in a bit
that's pretty cool
look guys I just wanted to say hey and
goodbye
cuz this is the theme for the vlog we're
gonna turn in for the night and we're
pretty tired from this long weekend so
okay havin a good Presidents Day when
you watch this and maybe you have the
day off from work or school that'd be
nice right fucking day off but yeah
we're pretty tired we're just sitting
around and watching vines I hope you all
had a great weekend I love you guys
thank you for watching the vlog and I'll
see you mom
