hey you guys so it's Valentine's Day we
just woke up and I ran to the store to
get steaks and potatoes because per
tradition Jenna and I have steak and
potatoes at home we cook each other
dinner and have a nice little wine night
that's kind of what we think two years
now we've done that so this is our third
Valentine's together I'm so happy and so
fucking lucky to have her but I got her
this card at the end of the note it says
go take a selfie and I bought her a
little necklace and so I'm gonna put the
necklace in its box on top of vloggy
mounted on the selfie stick and she'll
let go to grab the selfie stick and
you're gonna see her looking at the
camera but also looking at a gift on top
so that's kind of what I want to happen
so I figured once she gets up and gets
kind of ready for the day I'll do it
because I really don't want to wait any
longer that's what's gonna happen let's
try to figure it out you're gonna grab
her is it gonna fall
from Helen I didn't just get lunch with
my mom what we did after that just
something small for the Hoenn times
contraction is this a necklace
Julian like oh my god I was gonna
because I want to get something
different oh my god this is so pretty
stop the president but I kid oh my god
this is so pretty do me
do you like it I know I was I was
thinking about getting you something
different left on that it was like
you're like oh my god this is so pretty
I'm so mad at you go stop giving me
presents yeah
vlogging you can calm down now looks
really pretty
yeah oh babe it looks so cute on you
yeah you look at the one leaving the
Valentine forever and ever oh well next
time okay no present you can count on
that not happening yes you see I
literally like a couple minutes ago all
right a couple of minutes ago I just
posted this thins around I knew you
wouldn't check it in time oh you're a
hater yeah I know I know you were gonna
check it
