what's up guys good morning I hope you
having a wonderful Friday so far I just
got back from running the Iggy's did you
go to ruined
peach is getting so fast and athletic
it's like hard to keep up with her but I
wanted to get a little run in before
work I'm gonna head to work for a few
hours and then I'm gonna be back here
Jenna's got stuff to do later I think I
might hang out with Josh again he hit me
up last night
I may be grabbing some dinner or
something I don't know usually the broad
would be posted by now I shot some stuff
last night and I realized I didn't
really want to upload it
sometimes you plan stuff out or you
don't plan stuff out then you gonna
shoot it and then when you have the
footage it's not exactly what you wanted
so going to but you guys know this is
the vlog for today there will be an
actual vlog anyway I'm having a solid
week for the last like two and a half
years I've worked every single Saturday
I mean with the exception of a few
missed days from trips or sickness or
whatever I've poured on for almost three
years now for a radio every Saturday and
sometimes more days than that sometimes
during the week sometimes on Sundays can
I finally outgrew that shift so this
week is the first week that I won't be
bored hopping on a Saturday which is
really exciting because for like almost
three years I haven't had a full weekend
or a regular full weekend to look
forward to and it's gonna be nice to not
have to come home from work on Friday
knowing I have to go to work again I've
been waiting for this for a long time so
that gives me more time to shoot cool
vlogs for you guys shoot fun stuff over
the weekend and do cool stuff spend time
with my girlfriend and I really feel
like for the longest time I couldn't
have a weekend like for the entire time
I've been dating and I'm known Jenna
I've been bored hopping and well it was
something I was really interested in it
did take away from my regular life and
now that we're at this point in our
relationship where it's been over two
years it's like okay I want to have a
weekend so we're both super stoked about
this and I want to share that with you
guys
Jenna's trip that she announced on her
video this week the one about her going
to Germany that's no longer happening
a bunch of stuff fell through and it
just didn't work out we might go later
on at some date in the future but the
trip to Germany this month is not going
to happen which is good and bad I mean
she was excited to go but at the same
time it was a lot because it was like
two weeks notice and it's like
international travel and she has to
prepare videos in advance we have to do
podcasts in advance so this little baby
is crying now what are you crying about
you're the most intelligent dog in the
house it was so proud of her for that I
need to go finish caffeinated maybe have
some breakfast and then I'll catch up
with you guys in a little bit I'm gonna
talk to Josh and see what he has planned
for today so we can figure something out
because I want to see him haven't seen
him in like a week also if you guys
haven't make sure you go check out his
new pilot and his new entire internet
talk show called what's up Internet he
did his first pilot yesterday and it's
on his channel right now so I'll link it
in the description but and I'm proud of
him for that that's like a big deal and
I'll catch it pee on a little bit bye
what up guys so I just got dressed and
head for work but I wanted to show you
guys my office today because it's not
something I would normally wear these
are like jean shorts really small they
don't have the greatest range of motion
but I figured I'd mix it up I like might
be a little big for them but nice to get
a little finesse in the wardrobe
whooping that's right peach hold finesse
why are you not tired we just went for a
long-ass one she's fucking the Energizer
Bunny
try it I got a little work I'll see you
guys in a bit hopefully this outfit
doesn't make people laugh at me all
right so I wanted to show you guys my
outfit but I realized I have this selfie
stick
what was it a bark out of you that's
what I'm working with today
hey guys leaving work right now got
through all my work pretty fast today so
I'm headed home and I think I'm gonna
try to go get a lift in before the
traffic hits I'm not sure if I really
like these small jean shorts or if I
really hate that I'm like completely on
the fence of those two because I feel at
some points that my legs are just gonna
like go down because they're so tight
but I feel like it's it's kind of a
decent look for me I don't know I mean
this is what we're looking at right now
they look okay I don't know I kind of
look like a bike messenger that's what
Jetta said I shouldn't be doing this
while I Drive I'll see y'all when I get
home nice so a couple of weeks ago I was
wearing one of Jenna's shirts from a
brand called high on life in a picture I
think and it's got a picture and a bunch
of people tagged that brand high on life
and was like hey either we're in your
stuff so they contacted me and they were
like hey we'd like to send you some
stuff and they just sent like a hundred
fucking things so holy shit you know
what I'm wearing for the next like two
weeks no it's really nice then Thank You
high on life this is super cool they
have some seriously sick designers this
one's called the salmon Panda that shit
is sick
yeah that was really nice to them so
thank you guys anyway I just got home
from the gym
and Jenna's getting ready right now to
do some work shooting stuff cool people
thought but anyway I'm gonna probably
shower and then we're gonna clean up the
house a little bit and I'm not sure
what's gonna happen tonight I heard from
Josh yesterday but I haven't heard from
him since so maybe he'll get back to me
wanting out or maybe not but this is
getting close to the end of the vlog
because I want to be able to post it for
you guys today so I'll let you guys know
what goes on in a little bit and then
I'll wrap it up how do I look like this
is their stuff it's just completely
bright and ridiculously loud colors with
the most epic designs ever this is an
elephant peering through his fucking
shades and he's blue with a crown on
because he's a fucking king they
literally just saw me wearing a shirt of
theirs and send me all this that's like
incredible of them so nice of them
anyway I'm gonna wear this because it's
electric and I want to be electric right
now that's Jenna's show in the
background she's tweeting that right now
I'm gonna fucking celebrate tonight
because I don't have to wake up and go
to work on a Saturday and it's literally
the first time in years and I know it
seems like a small deal maybe a lot of
you also work weekends but it's a nice
thing to not have to work weekends and
then to not work weekends so I'm really
gonna you know appreciate that and kind
of celebrate that tonight I maybe have a
drink or two I might film some of what
goes on tomorrow for Valentine's Day
although I can't say what it is because
then Jenna will know it's nothing really
she said not to get her anything so out
again or anything
anyway I will see you guys on Monday I
hope you guys have a fucking bad-ass
weekend I hope wherever you are you're
happy and surrounded by good people
people have been asking what the next
design is shirt is gonna be I'm telling
you I'm inspired by these shirts but I
think we're gonna have to come up with
some sort of mock shirt so I expect that
in the next couple of weeks and as
always I love you guys thank you so much
for watching I'll see you guys Monday
happy Valentine's Day weekend I love you
all you all are my Valentine in addition
to Jenna being my Valentine and peach
being my Valentines yeah
all right guys later are you looking at
my butt what we're not there yet this is
like our first downtime together what
the actual you did it again
