what's going on guys
jenna is planning her video right now
she's spreading in brainstorming but I
finally went to the PIO box today are
our new peel box just to check out the
place get the keys and there was a
package there and I had seen what was in
the package on social media but it came
it's these three paintings of our dogs
it's seriously cool I'm going to show
you guys right now so here they are
peach marbles and Kermit I'm pretty
blown away by these pictures the skill
that is required in the amount of effort
and time that went into them it's really
really cool and I wanted to show you
guys first of all because they're bad at
a second of all to thank Claudia who is
the girl that sent these created them
and sent them to us Thank You Claudia
she sends us a letter to go with the
paintings and it was just really nice
you guys are really nice to us
aside from shooting and creating Jenna's
video layer not sure what's gonna happen
for the rest of the day but I wanted to
get on here and share this with you
because it's really cool that you guys
care enough to do stuff like this Thank
You Claudia thank you everyone else who
always sends us love in any way that you
send us love I'll be checking the peel
box
fairly regularly now so if you guys are
afraid of letters sitting in our box for
months on end that won't be happening we
both worked out Jenna did her homework
out and I went to the gym yeah like I
said we're gonna start to get going on
her video but I want to keep you guys
posted for the rest of the day all right
whose dog is that do you locked out Oh
just like hopped right through the gate
wow we're gonna tell on you you're just
driving along and that dog was just
wandering and then we went to get him
and he just like walks through the fence
like like Kermit would that's why we had
to chicken why our icons are they even
home I mean we can't tell him if they're
not here
hey good ha it could be the geek name
more to the side yeah I'm Sathya hey
guys what's up so while we were at
playlist
one of our friends being he's a friend
of Jenna's and a friend of ours and he
used to work at Google he's really good
guy and we were talking about working
out while we were at playlist together
because he likes to work out and he was
telling me he wants to get swole like so
Lomita and for those they don't know
swole means like you're huge and your
muscular or whatever but he was like I
want to get swole like so Lomita and
then I was like you want to get swollen
meet up and I thought it was like so
funny we laughed about it and then he
was like I need to get swole oh and I
thought that was really funny and I told
Ravi about it and he thought it was
really funny so we thought I should make
t-shirts about it and given how much I
enjoy making t-shirts for you guys
that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna make
swole Oh t-shirts and it's just gonna
say hashtag swole oh so this is what
we're looking at for this photo shirts
they have to be tank tops to show off
how swole you are I think you're why not
I mean teespring has been really easy to
make shirts with so why not just make
swallow a shirt and people will be like
what is 12 omean you don't even have to
explain to them you just be like oh it's
swole oh because it's not swole it's
swole oh well thank you Bing and thank
you Robbie for this idea even if no one
buys it I'm excited to just wear one so
those are now for sale on my shop and
they're a lot cheaper because they're
tank tops or like the patient ones I
think that wealth album is even a little
more expensive because it's because the
artwork with the page artwork has a lot
of colors in it so they charge more per
shirt but this one is going to be the
cheapest shirt I've ever put out this
shirt is going to be 14 dollars if you
want a tank top with a word on it that
no one is going to know what it means
that you should definitely buy the link
is in the description as always for my
merch anyway now that I'm done creating
shirts completely randomly we are going
to shoot Jenna's sexual Wednesday video
it's gonna be really funny we have
a funny idea to do so I think you guys
are going to like this one as you can
see we got the lights set up we're
shooting in the kitchen today I'll check
back with you guys either during or
after the video shoot and I'm gonna go
get swole oh now all right
so I wanted to get my lovely girlfriend
Jenna on camera because earlier tonight
I posted a Twitter video of me scaring
her these feelings you got a baby drug
of water go fuck you just a baby jug and
I wonder on camera so everyone could see
say I'm really sorry for scaring you
because I did scare you like seriously
you like reacted as if it was I thought
someone was like breaking into the house
because that room is right by the front
door and all I heard was like so many
footsteps and like you yelling like I
literally thought someone was breaking
in plus I never scare you like it's not
like we're Jeana Jessie where you scare
each other all time and you're used to
havin scare me anytime you want
but I just get really schizo you don't
scare me that often so you don't know
that like I get really scared ya see
that like I saw you looked up and you're
like I realized how bad I scared you so
it was funny and it's gonna live on on
the internet on my Twitter but I'm sorry
I'll stay back I'm gonna face tears you
stole your fear I guess on a day that
European games also I didn't feel that
bad because like five minutes after I
left the room she was just dying
laughing editing the video something
okay she's fine yeah no I'm fine once I
realized that there's no one breaking in
I watch a lot of Dateline Julianne okay
i watch it would we watch it worse than
they want
I'll protect you Neverland I'll beat up
anyone who says come in here I'll kick
them in the front teeth here that people
that won't know anymore they're not
allowed here we're two ball players
we've got a lot of baseball that a
baseball bats and bazooka el azucar and
Joe cause someone commented on my video
that was like Jesus can walk on water
cucumbers are 90% 95% water
I can walk on cucumbers I of Jesus
I was really funny I want to see someone
walk on you post the video or it didn't
happen like not slices like I want it to
be like just damn cucumbers yeah listen
I'm sorry today's vlog didn't seem super
exciting just Wednesdays are kind of
difficult and also it's hard to make
every day super interesting I just want
to give you me I want to give you me
uncut and that's why I try to do and
sometimes me is boring
oh I'm caught oh why don't you tell them
a joke
what word becomes shorter when you had
er to it Jesus short ah yeah but what's
a parrot's favorite food
what squad lowly fuckable you know I
wanted to do my pickup line but I wanted
to put it on snapchat but I can put it
in your vlog whoa ouch I don't see a
first of you do it right after this do
it
you ready yeah let's do what's your
pickup line it's a pick-up line for
Valentine's Day
you ready yeah you gotta like this okay
Oh what's on your lips my lips ah that
game level is too far you okay you want
to see another one for Valentine's yeah
go hmm did you know that your shoulder
blades in the same distance from here to
here as they are from here - oh you
pulled it now you get your arm around me
that's that's a good one that's way
better than the young good to sneeze I'm
gonna be like oh my god I gotta reach
something over there Oh we'll just grab
them I think your Valentine move rose
Valentine move Virgo here's my $5 yeah
for the group
hey you painting the floor up door opens
not open thought it up there's open
we're gonna get back to editing thanks
for watching the vlog today guys and
every day and being my friend via the
intranet I'm gonna go out talk Allah
okay I'll see you guys tomorrow
- gross - yeah okay no it's closed
see you guys tomorrow have a wonderful
Thursday all right I love you bye
