so our TV's not working so just embed
snapchatting I'm gonna see if I could
catch Jenna unprepared like she's in her
nightgown I don't think she knows I'm
snapchatting right now but seriously
though DirecTV fucking sucks and so
we're just sitting here
inappropriate half but we're just
sitting here snapchatting should do
another one we got to get up early in
the morning Jenna's gonna do the morning
mashup with Sirius XM in LA so we're
gonna drive down to Miracle Mile and
she's gonna be like on the radio live
tomorrow morning we're gonna try to get
to bed right now okay and the other way
over like six all right we're gonna get
back there today yeah I know right
that's fuckin many's a happen alright
see you guys in the morning right now
body slams barn alright so we can't
sleep so but I wanted to tell you about
this new vine account that I found I'm
fuckin in love with his account it says
kidding you she I don't know where he's
from and he fucking makes the coolest
loops ever like she has this little
keyboard sampler and then he plays his
guitar has electric guitars and acoustic
guitars and he also loves Parks and Rec
so he like mixes up a whole bunch of
like really cool style
like that's an example of his loop and
then he's just this dude who like sits
in his little apartment with his laptop
and the music ending programs and then
his samplers and then all of his
instruments and he just makes awesome
loops and songs and he puts it on vine
the reason I found him is because of
this one link that I think went kind of
viral on vine and it's this one which is
absolutely hypnotizing that vine between
him Viking Parks and Rec in the office
and his sick nasty loops that's probably
the coolest follow I've ever had on vine
that I want to just keep looking during
the show it's really cool internet it's
cool a man I probably lived thousands of
miles away from the sky yeah I'm just
like hanging out in his apartment
watching him do music we really should
go to sleep why don't you say a proper
Canadian song tonight friends we love
you see you in the morning really this
time we'll actually see them more I'm
really tired
we have our caffeine ready calculate
good morning bright and early we're up
seven o'clock right now we're gonna
leave in like 10 minutes
head over to Sirius XM get Jenna on the
morning mashup for 30 minutes I believe
her salon is 8:00 8:30 and then Nick
Jonas coming at 8:30 so we gotta be
there by 8:00 we initially thought it
was like the 8 an hour but I think we're
were the first half of that hour so
she's upstairs finishing up and we're
gonna get over there and I'll try to get
some of that footage for you guys but I
hope you're having a good morning I hope
you're enjoying your morning caffeine
however you may be administering it it
was Chipotle opened earlier
for Grammy Awards and we check mark I
heard that is the deepest darkest parts
of their we just finished it serious
Jenna killed it she made everyone laugh
like 10 times so rain for our car right
now
this is what hanging out on the Jonas
was see jealous
jealous okay no yeah it was fun
you were on for like 30 40 minutes oh
good hey Mike you man they really like
you yeah I'll keep you out too if Jonas
appearance
it's pretty cool we didn't vlog any and
even before cuz we were just mad
stressed rushing here there was like
crazy traffic but we're waiting for the
car and here it is so alright so we're
at lunch right now we had to stop for a
bunch errands Jenna had to sign some
stuff and we get her passport pictures
taken so we were kind of busy all day
the radio thing went really well and it
was fun for the rest of the day we're
just gonna be preparing for tomorrow
which is video day which is the day
you're gonna be watching this I might go
work out I just got caffeinated so I
feel like I might have that energy to
work out but first we eat we're at a
deli right now we need to get lunch
we're both really hungry so I got I got
a sandwich so she got a wrap I'll check
up with you guys we go back home okay
what's up guys so I just got back to the
gym after my workout I decided to play a
couple games to pick up basketball which
I don't think I've done in like a year
so I was pretty messed up after that
realize I'm not in the greatest shape
but it was a ton of fun fun to compete
and stuff anyway I got back home and I
promptly took a nice cold shower and
that's something like I have this
love/hate with obviously you step into
it and you hate it and you're like
miserable but after you like you bear
the cold for a little bit it feels so
good and it's like a shock to your
system actually after I can tensed
exhausting workout and my shoulders are
all red and weird cuz I iced them and
how's it feel up there cut them back
home that's my baby
crazy
we took a nice little walk it was really
hot earlier so we got the dogs pretty
exhausted Jenna did two cardio's today
three she did cardio in the morning and
then the walk and then cardio later it
was for marbles we are gonna make dinner
and have a little night together I'll
check back y'all later
and you can look at a couple of sleeping
weirdos hey what up guys so this is it
for today's vlog we just ate dinner and
I'm honestly pretty tired because we got
like no sleep last night as you guys saw
but I'm gonna end the vlog right now
thank you so much for watching I love
y'all I'll see you tomorrow for another
vlog get legs get caffeinated get all
the things have a good night I'll see
you
