what's up guys we're gonna go for a
little walk and I'm gonna blog while I
walk and I think that's what I'm gonna
do that just give you a little walking
blog walking the dogs in blogging you
want to go for a walk
wanna you wanna go for a show how hard
it is oh yeah so I'm just gonna let you
do it I'm just gonna sit here they're
like I want to go but I don't want to
wear it Oh got him God got the bags hey
guys so we're just gonna walk right now
that's Jenna T trolling behind hey don't
get behind me cool we have this
tradition on some days and also other
days but mostly Sundays where we watch
our favorite HBO shows
of the TV's not only is a cheat day and
relaxed day as much as hospital but it's
the best day for TV on HBO we have our
HBO shows if we want to talk to you guys
about our favorite HBO shows because we
haven't ever talked about that and girls
looking now it's also togetherness which
is a new show and then we watched this
new series last night called the jinx
and it's about this guy it's about this
guy Robert Durst we'll get to that
though we want to start with girls not
at all sponsor HBO but yeah so girls we
used to love but it's become kind of
like a joke now because
I don't play people that love you love
girls you absolutely love girls you
showed girls to me you're like this is a
great show and we watched it yeah
because it's worth watching I'm not
saying it's not worth watching of course
it is that's why I continue for
questions yo yo yo
reading how Lena Dunham is the voice of
a generation and I there is just nothing
in my being that relates to any fucking
shit that happens unless yeah especially
with her character her characters
especially obnoxious and entitled and I
don't know oh good girl looking on the
other hand looking is a show about a
group of friends in San Francisco and
they're all gay and put a pick up poop
real quick hold on so looking we're done
with girls that's it we like what we
like watching girls but at the same time
we kind of like hey hey hey watch it
looking we discovered because well
because yeah they started protonate they
did allo inch or something like with
Break about they had their promos right
after when girls was on so we were just
like you know what why don't we try it
out we'd love it's so good like all the
characters all the characters have like
really really great developed
personalities the relationships are good
but it's a great show like the stories
that they tell and the things they go
through
yes it's Senator not being gay in San
Francisco but it's about like a lot more
than human human feelings
so looking is another one of our real
favorites and now recently the way we
discovered looking we discovered
together this which is a show by the new
clash bubbles yeah they're Duplass
brothers yeah it's just it's just like
real-life human feelings like I don't
know it's something about these shows
like and you HBO just does shit so well
fucking dick jigs okay so let's get to
the jinx I've wanted to watch it
it makes me feel so bad that I love
watching like Dateline and like murder
stuff well no no no I mean like yeah
it's like that's why you watch SVU it's
dark and it's cool I don't know the jinx
is this series I thought was a one-time
thing but it's a whole series about this
guy named Robert Durst it's like a
documentary slash see that's the thing
like it's its own genre really but they
basically go through this case about
this guy named Robert Durst who was
basically convicted of the rich Air
hotel air I don't know what the company
is his family's incredibly yeah he kills
this guy chops him up his neighbor and
he has this alias that he's been hiding
us but basically like this happened she
doesn't want and the way they recap it
with actual footage and actual
recordings of things with also
reenactments but not like cheesy bad
reenactments like really cool-looking
yeah like high production value they did
that movie I can remember the name of it
they did a movie about it with Kirsten
Dunst or whatever and then I guess
Robert Durst
contacted the director or the producer
came over and was like you know I feel
like you're the only person that's not
just painting me out a negative light or
whatever and I'd love to sit down and
have like an interview and they recorded
that phone call what did you call that
because that's like the first episode of
the sphere I know a new show they show
like the crime and the parts of the
tribe they show you real pictures of the
body body parts real interviews from the
cops and stuff and then that's the first
episode they introduce you to who he is
who is and and how the directors got
into contact yeah and there's no actors
it's all real shit and you hear the
recording of when Durst calls the
director and producer of the movie and
you can just hear the fear in his voice
like he's like hello and he's like yes
you know I'm I'm glad huh this is Bob
Durst and you just hear him answering
he's like yes how's it going and he's
just completely you know he's talking to
like a cold-blooded fucking psychopath
they haven't got into it in the series
but he's not because they love jail that
doesn't mean that does not mean he's not
a murderer first not the preview of the
series is basically like this man has
gotten away with multiple murders and
because he spent like 1.8 million
dollars for some of the first just on
the trial yeah to get out of here yeah
it's fucking insane yeah it's wild and
they said something like when there's a
lot of smoke that doesn't necessarily
mean there's a fire but there is a lot
of smoke and it's like I don't know I
don't know how many episodes the series
is but I'm like there could just be a
something-something about stories like
that like you're right they're very
intriguing they're very scary it's like
gets your blood pumping no I don't know
what it is about like I love Dateline
with it what's the space Keith Morrison
Keith Morrison is my baby I just love
the way it's a story how these people
what their motives are like what they do
and then how they train for it yeah
those are those are just the same
species as you and me it's crazy
although if you're sensitive to any sort
of like gore within the first 20 minutes
30 seconds seconds of the jinx there's
some body part yeah but again this is
absolutely not sponsored this is just
guys telling you about our favorite HBO
shows series
yeah I was like a really old three-part
HBO series documentary thing about this
crazy murder that happened and these
three boys that got wrongly framed and
put in jail for years like 30-something
years yeah they were kids when they win
it and therefore blown like in their 30s
and 40s when they got out and it's like
it's the three-part series they're each
like an hour and a half because the
series spans over 30 40 years so you see
them when they go into jail wrongfully
and they're just dumb kids or whatever
and then you see them when they're
fuckin or don't - you're like oh my god
I think it was they made three separate
documentaries so the first part is it's
happening
second part is like we this is fuckin
wrong yeah and they had to take they had
to take an Alford plea which is
basically saying I'm guilty in order to
get out of jail so it's like it's that
bitter like that you spend that much
time in jail and then you have to admit
to being guilty in order to get out of
jail
a justice system which is fuckin wrong
with it
to protect innocent people and yet it
still happens it's very scary but at the
same time it's very very intriguing yeah
if you have any idea of what we would
like cuz I always in the comments when
we talk about stuff there's always some
great recommendations of whatever we're
talking about because you guys are smart
Monkey Island anyway thanks for hanging
out with us and letting us talk to you
about our favorite shows on HBO also let
me know if you guys enjoy this kind of
thing where we just chat you know I felt
like it was kind of an order after a lot
of travel vlogs and stuff we kind of
just wanted to decompress and talk but
see you guys tomorrow for another vlog I
love you
don't get near Robert Durst he might
kill you alright
