vlog by Julien or video or physical
manifestation of what's in Julian's
brain today which really isn't a lot and
if you were to try to narrow down
whether a video I made is or it isn't a
vlog think you'd have kind of a hard
time everyone does the vlog differently
and everyone involves their style one of
my first vlogs is vastly different than
one of my most recent vlogs but the
thread that runs through your vlog is
you in your life and for me that is
brought me to today where I couldn't
figure out how to walk the last few days
I've struggled to pick up the camera and
talk to you about my breakfast and where
I was going that day I felt uninspired
recently to tell you what I'm doing
today and I've thought a lot this week
about what that means and am I getting
tired of a4 matter whether I should just
keep doing the same thing because I know
how to and because I know it works
feeling of being lost and worried if
your ideas are still good the question
of where is my next piece of inspiration
gonna come from what do I need to do in
my life to make that happen and so today
I'm just here to tell you that I have no
fucking clue today I felt really
conflicted because I desperately wanted
to create accept the daunting amount of
possibilities of what that piece could
be kind of left me incapable to make
just a normal blog so I wanted to
reflect and share with you not my
physical day but more of an insight to
my men
but I think getting scared by the amount
of possibilities of what I could create
is the best problem that I could ever
have maybe some of you will relate to
this feeling of being so inspired yet
uninspired and overwhelmed yet excited a
lot of it is really just a contradiction
but I think that's kind of just what
some parts of life end up being
contradiction
