hey guys I wanted to start the vlog for
me in the bathroom because of course we
have this electric hotel sort of ring
light and you know how I feel about ring
lights so we just I'm wearing a pink
shirt by the way we just worked out and
showered I posted long earlier so it's
still Friday Jenna is about a live tweet
her show right now and that's room
service so I'm gonna go eat then I'll
catch up with you guys a little bit yeah
that's a glue free bun batter crush this
burger right now her bread already
crushed his grilled cheese killed it and
he was watching SVU so the meal was like
10 times better if you ever watch SVU
while you eating a meal the meal
automatically jumps up like five levels
of greatness like a boss especially when
its invention up his own which it is BRB
gonna eat I'm working around our hotel
right now even though it looks like I'm
walking through a rain forest looking to
get some gum but Jenna's still tweeting
our show right now
we ate dinner we're gonna head over to
the party in a little bit have some fun
today
oh this is one thing that Josh taught me
up angles I'm still learning how to do
it he's really good he's really good at
selfies too so as soon as I walked into
the store I remembered from last year
that they don't sell gum here because
it's basically a zoo there's live
animals there's like exhibits and
they're afraid of people throwing this
lock and god I mean that's right now
they're afraid of people throwing gum at
the animals you know one guy did it then
ruined it for everyone now no one can
have gum thanks guys just elbowed me in
a boob and said I deserved it Jenna's
got metal fucking nail things things
someone's entering pls hey girl so we
gotta like hold it for three minutes
she's intense
they're so sick like I'm dying
Rihanna's shit right here
oh hey sexy guys we woke up and we're
getting our dicks ready for the
meet-and-greet only halfway there just
the bottom half is ready right now we
are gonna be headed out in about
hour-and-a-half we're gonna hug a ton of
people which is amazing and then Jenna's
got interview panel but I'll try to vlog
it and share the experience this morning
doesn't like me I was drinking coffee
earlier and the coffee was like too hot
and then Julian had a bright idea to
maybe take his morning pills with said
coffee my brains not working yet I'm
needed I gotta go
Spidy goals body goals I don't know my
heels I bother you the time when we take
the into we're already yeah we are
outside the hotel waiting for our car to
go to playlist Jenna's got a meeting
great and a hug and greet and a selfie
and greet a feeling grow up and greet oh
my god
my god it's a grope in green we're not
calling you mean good groping dollars on
the table you can grow up in the grill
due up angles we're gonna get in the car
now we're gonna get over there tradition
well Jenna's getting her mind right for
her meeting great and this is how she
does it hey pass the bathroom look
jamming out so hard she pass it out
there you can hear it
like it's like plastic through the whole
bathroom oh yeah we're done later yeah
actually I should probably find out
where do you mine right yeah you look
like you're ready to go some post and
Las Vegas party okay if we look this
oh this light is dope this is pretty
good yeah that's some saw natural light
right
welcome everyone to my hug and breathe
we do hugs now hanging out of the mean
tree right now roomful of friends
but we just got
yeah I think what's up these are my
friend
start being green with a bunch of people
and shit on the bean curry was really
fun we got to meet a lot of people which
is really cool
aha Nagasaki spells for each other is
doing that right now
then we hang out for a little bit she's
got two panels and then I think we're
done for the day
probably go back to the hotel eat some
food and recoup get off our feet a
minute they would go back to partying I
want to check out you guys and I won say
thanks to everyone I said hi
for an outward
later dad and everybody we're just
checking out bloggers it literally makes
me look it makes it look like like I
look so good right now
the commercial for this camera oh my god
yeah sunny milk my skin looks like wow
that isn't an autofocus is like spraying
funny what's the retail world oh my God
look at my jeans bodies and predicates
are you yelling at the camera because
it's the only person who's listening at
all times is home in Florida no no where
is home
it's about to go onstage okay
they and we are back at the hotel
finished with all of the stuff as you
guys saw and I'm sure you've seen all
over social John I killed it today long
me and greed panels meeting everyone in
between crazy day went really well
I'm always so proud of her at these
things probably know where the party
tonight it was so nice meeting everyone
today everyone was all really sweet
yeah it really feels like it was a
different day this morning but no I was
the same day so we're gonna eat some
food I'll check back with you when we
start getting ready for the night hello
everyone it's morning Jenna likes it
we're all waking up a dancing we have a
really fucking fun time last night we
are leaving for the airport in like two
hours and I wanted to close the vlog now
because normally the airport here is
just kind of crazy and I feel like I
probably wouldn't blog just because
we're trying to like get through it
but we made some new friends from Javy
Ayala is he's so fucking cool we hung
out last night a great time and then we
came back to the hotel and hung out a
little longer and overall I was like a
great playlist honestly it was so fun
meeting everyone and hanging out with
you know new people and making friends
at the at the party and Robbie's like a
really cool guy I feel like I'm gonna
hang out with him as much as I can be he
lives on the East Coast Jenna lost her
phone last night and we totally just
found it like she left her phone at the
party I turned on Find My iPhone and
locked it with a little message
coordinator of playlist Rina she fucking
found it and we got it back want to say
goodbye and I hope you guys enjoy this
famous blog we'll be back to the regular
vlogs tomorrow our regular normal life
back at home with the dogs thanks for
watching I love you guys have a good day
I'll see you tomorrow fact that's that
back bye
I'm tired
