hey what's up friends so I'm getting on
a little late today but pretty slim
doing stuff earlier in the day which is
why I'm starting a blog now and we are
three hours away from our flight we are
going to leave for the airport at around
8 o'clock and we're taking a red-eye
other things we're going to get into
Orlando around 6 a.m. so we're gonna get
all of our packing done and then head
over the airport at 8 then on our flight
I'll meet up with you guys when were
ther 4 and stuff but I just wanted to
check in with you oh yeah if you guys
you guys were asking me last night if if
me and Josh ate the sushi if you want to
see that you should go check out Josh's
vlog because you'll get the answer but
we really got to turn it on because we
have three hours hey guys we are like an
hour away from leaving the house for our
flight and I think we're getting really
close to being ready I'm all dressed
ready to go for the flight and packed
basically to the brim what are you doing
in there
but it looks like we're just about ready
I'm about all packed right there Jenna's
next to me and the dogs have been
sitting on the bed like annoying creeps
no late barking creeping around even
peach was barking not cool not cool guys
but soon we'll be at the airport on our
way to Orlando so we'll see you guys
when we get to the airport okay we're
about to take off right now I wanted to
let you know though we do have a new
peel box so I'll link the new p.o box
address in the description you guys can
find it there I'll also put it in future
descriptions for every video and I'll go
into some of my recent ones and add it
time to get on a plane but before that
we got to go through security and all
that so I'll see you at therefore bye
baby girl you're gonna be good marble
you're gonna be good you're gonna hold
down the fort
babies how about the words Apple Airport
or in the processor to arrive
that was rude I was talking we just
checked it and check their bags we're a
little early right now so I think we'll
have some time to
explore inside of the airport doesn't it
but it's going to be weird I think we're
gonna have to sleep a little bit because
we get in at 6:00 which is technically 3
our time to be all over the place but
it's a good thing they have a day to
like adjust before the LEAs okay guess
we're number a gate we are we're game 69
yep
sit all together together
crunchy jaws were a full flight for
Orlando Florida
for Delta Airlines this is why I take my
neck might be a little too big for this
neck pillow
it's like all the way on my back this is
it yeah
my neck my neck is today that's outside
we're gonna take off soon see you in the
hair guy
good sleeping on a plane plane sleeps
only one more sleep to--for more sleep
sleep so Jenna so
we're making it so creepy it's really
good but it's like such a funny picture
that I drew it's too
we just landed in Orlando we're talking
about how horrible the fucking point was
not trying to be complainers but it was
basically turbulence the whole way
everyone on the flight was being kind of
a dick oh and there was a medical alert
and there was a medical emergency this
lady fainted
not once but twice I was like
live-tweeting at first time and then I
fell asleep yeah I was like tweeting
what's wrong with that it's interesting
I had Wi-Fi no one was like tweeting my
medical I mean that's what in the
airplane is for now we're in this weird
Orlando Airport that looks kind of like
a resort it was not a dope right it's
not relaxed it's like not even 6:00 a.m.
right now
so we rarely slept pounding to figure
stuff than our you fear net that's her
that's her yes wait really how do you
like your cash that was the chick
pat-down
damn it lady it made for some
interesting tweets we just need to get
the fuck out here everyone's fucking
drunk it's a little fun facts about
twenty yards ahead of us is the girl who
passed out
it was completely fine it's on our phone
walking
people are funny alright so we're
waiting for our bags and then we're
gonna go to the hotel I'm still hoping
we can check into the hotel at this
ridiculous hour but I guess we'll see
I'm even open tire arms like
was like such a weird flight weird I'll
check in with you guys we'll meet at the
hotel room and then I'm going to try to
edit this together and posted for you so
you can have it on
so Jen and I were just talking about how
stressed she was on the plane and how
it's basically exactly how stressed the
dogs are when we take them in the car
and obviously the first car ride we'd
ever took peach on permanent marbles are
their normal stress levels just freaking
out and he's like peed in the car bed
dogs feel like they're
just like this
I don't know why you like nail peaches P
stands so perfectly
she does it's like it's like hips
forward it's really funny Jenny you so
funny that way until people get her bags
and then they'll have a weird nap or
something I know we finally made it to
the hotel first thing you do pick up the
room service menu but we're weirdly
tired and not tired so I don't know I'm
gonna try to put together the vlog and I
guess see what else was on for us today
but it might just be sleeping and
preparing for tomorrow hi Jenna
I'll sign off with you guys when I know
a minute in the vlog okay we took a nap
it's like 2 o'clock right now
we slept for the beginning half of the
day Jenna still asleep shoe awake ruff
Jenna Jenna wake up gonna Pat it it's
starting to wake up and have a day a day
I think we're just gonna be prepping
ourselves for the rest of the day and
then we might go to the party today I
think Jenna and I might work out right
Jenna oh yeah she said yeah she's gonna
shower and you know get her dick ready
to be hugged all over the place tomorrow
I think I'll shower too doo-doo-doo-doo
key like a room it really says stop
moving the camera oh so dizzy well you
know what no hey guys hey you doing
you're just hanging outside our window
just Florida things but I did want to
sign off with you and say thank you so
much for watching the vlog thanks for
bearing with me for having to upload a
little late and going through this
red-eye flight with us it was a fun
experience right that fucking guy with a
Seahawks hat in front of me I was
knocked it off no I'm not bitter
he should be bitter we're basically just
gonna be busy with playlist all weekend
so I'm gonna do my best to get the best
vlog put together for Monday of what we
do this entire weekend because I know
you guys like that stuff and because
that's what I do for you my vlog for you
then you promised to be my friend that's
how this works
that is how this works that's how any of
this works we have a bunch of coffee but
it went cold so I'm gonna go get ice and
we're gonna have iced coffee alright
I'll see you guys Monday have a great
weekend
