hey what up friends today we are
shooting Jim's video although you're
watching this on a Thursday today is
Wednesday so I am actually going to be
using vlog II to help Jenna with her
video today cuz of how we're shooting it
so I won't be on the vlog a lot during
the day because we're gonna be shooting
for a while but I will try to get back
on here a little bit later on I just
want to say hello good morning hope
you're having a good day hope you got
some good rest
cuz rest is important we both just
worked out and now she's up upstairs
getting ready for the video
damn that bun on fleek doe you're
watching this on a Thursday we leave
tonight so we're gonna be heading over
to Orlando and we'll get in late and
then we're gonna have Friday they kind
of recoup in Orlando before we have the
mean Greek on Saturday so I'll catch up
with you guys when were you know at the
airport and stuff like that we got a lot
of packing to do we'll get it done
sitting at my table Patrick the whisky
table fucking love it oh and also what
was really cool is when I posted an
Instagram picture of Patrick the table I
had my favorite whiskey a tin cup on top
and I tagged it and they like message me
they were like hey can we repost this
pic so they're gonna like use that
picture for their whiskey which is
awesome I fuckin love Tim cup puttin on
my laptop it's fun to have makes me feel
powerful
brienna the girl who did those drawings
of our dogs sent me that it's a rare ass
pikachu card so I want to keep it on my
laptop
alright well let me catch up with you
guys though later we're gonna hit the
car and get to shooting as soon as I can
get Bloggie back I'll pick up the vlog
but for now blog is Jenna's why are you
so barky all you do is sit around and
bark you're just angry you want the
world to know how angry you are
mmm marbella you don't need a flex we
know you're tough no joke like I'm
downstairs and barking marble barking
non-stop
how you doing it oh I got you in the
middle of the process had it that look
means had it he almost ready
that's right that's right I can't tell
you what she's packing even though
you're already going to know what the
video is about when you watch this have
it the face is a baby I get to jump
she hates it every time she's not at me
in a did it face oh wait one sec okay
I'll just be downstairs listening
tomorrow both bark so you guys saw like
a couple weeks ago when I showed you I
put her in a crate to punish her she's
been I've been leaving the grade out and
she's been like going into crate on her
own just to hang out which I'm like so
fucking proud of cause it's like her
blanket enough that my mom made and like
I leave it open and if I'm in this room
like working on the computer or
something she'll want to be next to me
but she wants to have her own little den
so she just crawls in and I fucking love
it I was like trying so hard to make her
enjoy the crate and not think of it as
just like terror which she initially did
so I'm really proud of her I'm so proud
of you I'm so proud of you I'm a proud
father hey guys so we are just like
super cranking right now we're being
super productive very caffeinated
basically just getting things done
around the house cleaning up getting the
house ready for our dog sitter and
tacking all kinds of stuff like that I
hit up Josh to see if he was going to
come over later because I invited him if
you want to come for dinner because I
know Colleen just left town so I'm
waiting to hear from him
come over later so I'm not sure but we
are kind of multi casting we imported
all the footage we're rendering it right
now
while we wait for that we're just
packing and getting our dick ready for
playlist live that's DJ Roomba down
there you can hear that but look how
clean our room a oh hey what up guys
right now I'm running to the store to
grab some food for dinner and I'm also
gonna get some stuff at Morgan's not CVS
leaving the Bay Walgreens right now I
got a whole bag of shit part of my list
at Walgreens was to get Jenna some
lashes and of course I've no idea what
I'm doing so she sent me a picture of
what lashes I'm supposed to get and I'm
like against the aisle like looking at
my phone at the picture she sent me but
it's like really close to my chest and
no one is really around me and this
fucking ninja Walgreens attendant walks
by me glances at my phone says they're
on the next aisle I'm like what what
like how did you it was like the most
amazing observant helpful yet like a
little bit freaky how she was able to
know exactly what I was looking at like
the picture was not big either you know
when you look at a picture in a text
conversation and it's like not that big
it's like small it was in the text
conversation it wasn't blown up on my
phone I wasn't zooming in it was like so
fucking small and somehow she was just
like oh yeah those are on the next aisle
and I was like oh my god are you a
wizard I don't know among other reasons
everyone's always really nice Walgreens
a spy I go there no my face is all red
traffic yeah gonna go home now
no I'm the clown that didn't get in the
car because I got hit by the clown car
you're the problem get in the car
so you're not going on the clown
convention or how's the clowning
conventions you don't go your mom
I gave it up you look like Rome I got
hit by a hot bus such a hot Oh which a
ha I miss Billy Ray so Lisa where's
Billy Ray can you find him
I mean away we did Billy Ray podcast and
I use this hair this majestical PopCap's
yeah appropriate fuck still
inappropriate app your your camera roll
thing right now
I'm cambro ping you well cam no it's not
grow canvas it's cam grow this is grub
cam mm-hmm
this is cam grub mmm no camera actually
gross you
oh yeah well grow kids gonna finish
editing your video I'm gonna leave her
alone maybe we got we have so much
healthier food for playlist yeah but we
just cleaned a shitload right
yeah just clean my fucking Gord off
because we shot the whole video in the
car did you retell this ray no I didn't
we shot the whole video in the car and
then when we went to edit the footage it
was like shaking like cuz you're in a
car we had on like a tripod it's a light
camera it was Bloggie so it was like
bouncing around so we at first were like
oh my god like we were out of daylight
you know it's 3:30 so he can't go
anywhere yeah we were on reshoot it Levi
just could never so we were using a
feature in Final Cut that was
stabilization and it was taking
interpret what took like two and a half
hours to do to actually apply as a
feature they're like effect on it and
when we came back it was fucking time
and I was like oh my god save me wish me
don't leave me fix it so it turns out
that Joshi was gonna stop by and when I
was planning on having for dinner was
salmon sashimi
I bought sushi grade salmon at the store
and I was going to prepare it for myself
as sashimi because I'm you know try not
to eat carbs right now for at least
today and Josh said he's coming over so
I decided because this is if you didn't
know this is one of his favorite foods
I'll prepare us some sashimi to see if
he wants it because I'm gonna happen
well josh is going to have a lovely
surprise when he gets here if he is
hungry otherwise I'm just gonna you
don't list myself but this is the salmon
I prepared I fuckin love sushi so
without being heavy what are you doing
p-ting what are you doing so weird what
up guys I'm gonna end the vlog right now
Josh came over for a few hours and hung
out which was really nice
you got to upload his vlog because he
needed Wi-Fi but uh we hung out and
fucking plug that guy man he's seriously
a good person and I'm glad to have him
as a friend but I'm gonna add the blog
like I said and we're gonna get going on
finishing up this night and then
tomorrow is travel day so we have the
entire day to prep but at the same time
Jenna has her radio show she's got to
prepare for and I have a bunch of things
I have to do so it'll be a busy day and
then we head over the airport to go to
playlist can't wait to meet some of you
this weekend at playlist I want to get
so many hugs and so many selfies I'm
going to vlog tomorrow about our trip to
playlist so basically tomorrow you're
going to see me at the airport you're
going to see on the plane you're going
to see in Orlando that's Friday's vlog
and then Monday you're going to see what
happened at playlist thanks for watching
I love you and I'll see you tomorrow
