what is up guys good morning I hope you
were having a wonderful Wednesday today
I have a straight up to camera almost
rants just kind of talking blog so it's
not going to be my day it's not going to
be the normal what I'm doing or
whatever's going on I just wanted to mix
this in because they had some things to
say about stuff that's been going on
recently and that concerns gluten-free
as most of you know who watch my channel
and know me know that I have celiac
disease which is a disease that makes me
intolerant to gluten it gives me a
reaction my body gets triggered by
gluten to attack itself basically and
there's a small percentage of the
population that is like me with celiac
disease that really just can't happen
and the reason why I wanted to talk
about the gluten free subject right now
is because the line gets really blurred
between people who cannot have gluten
such as myself and people who are choose
not to happen such as a lot of the I
guess you could say la type demographic
the upscale health craze crowd of people
who are making gluten-free so popular
and I always say that gluten free
getting popular the way it's getting
popular is a double-edged sword because
on one end it gives people like myself
more options to eat places to get food
in certain areas that I wouldn't
normally have been able to get but the
other side of the sword is that everyone
sees this happening and treats it like a
health Grace when really for us it's not
you know it's our life we have to adhere
to this diet in order to stay healthy
and pain-free and there was that Nick
Offerman NASCAR commercial that went in
the Super Bowl and there was this
petition that went out basically
petitioning to get this ad removed from
the internet and I think they actually
successfully cut out the bit where he
speaks about gluten Nick Overman in this
commercial says when our idea of danger
is eating gluten there's trouble afoot
which is absolutely true it has nothing
to do with the people who equally free
like myself it's completely separate
it's making fun of the culture that
surrounds the ridiculous oh I'm gluten
free persona the gluten free craze is
pretty annoying and the way people treat
gluten free is frustrating because not a
lot of people know what it is now
people know why they want to go
gluten-free they just want to do it and
I think that's a little frustrating for
everyone first of all I think the
petition to get this taken down doesn't
make much sense in my opinion if you're
celiac you can watch that commercial and
laugh at it be like okay that's that's
pretty funny he's making a joke about
how gluten is treated like this seal and
all enemy in our diets which it's
completely No 99% of the population
should be able to eat gluten and be okay
well whatever percent is not celiac or
doesn't have an intolerance to gluten
and the fact that a petition went out
and actually successfully got that bit
removed from a commercial and his
petitioning day that pulled off the
internet which I don't know how you do
is a little annoying to me because the
only people that really should be
getting upset about this are the people
who Nico Fuhrman is successfully calling
out and exposing as like annoying people
like if you get offended by the
commercial then you are in the
population that makes the gluten-free
craze and the gluten-free subject
nowadays annoying you're part of that
because a celiac like myself I go on the
gluten-free subreddit which is filled
with celiacs like myself and everyone
was like oh this is funny like I don't
know why we would want to get this taken
down it's a joke like why would we take
it personally I want to say that being
gluten free is neither good nor bad it's
just simply a choice like any other
choice any person makes in their life
and certain people make that choice for
certain reasons for me it's medical I
have to I was diagnosed by a doctor
tons of tests performed my body hates
gluten and it will hurt itself if it
happens that is why I made the choice to
go gluten free I get frustrated when I
see thousands of people out there
especially here in LA where people are
like oh I'm gluten free but they have no
reason why they're making the choice but
they have no reason why there's no
rationale there it's just to be part of
this new thing what frustrates me is
that people go gluten-free without a
reason and if you go gluten-free you
really should have a reason if you feel
better when you don't eat glue do it go
gluten-free doesn't he need to tell the
world but you can just cut it out of
your diet
and you'll have more energy or whatever
it does help you do then do it but you
don't need to be diagnosing yourself as
gluten intolerant or celiac my people
I've heard people diagnose themselves
and say oh yeah I'm pretty sure I'm
Celia well it's kind of like a disease
cut and dry you need blood work and you
need confirmed tests to show that you
actually are you can't just call
yourself it because you get a
stomachache every time you eat burger
cake this is really frustrating because
it misrepresents what gluten free
intolerance actually is I guess I'm sort
of getting on a little bit of a tangent
and a rant here but the fact that people
were getting upset over that commercial
shows exactly why those people are
annoying and in turn getting made fun of
gluten-free people are annoying like it
has become this thing where you know
there's that joke like how do you know a
person's a vegan they'll tell you that's
what gluten-free is become people
they're trying to make themselves seem
like they're on some sort of advanced
diet they're healthier than you and
really it's frustrating to watch sitting
over here in celiacs corner well since
2007 I have followed a complete no
exception gluten-free diet for my
personally if I eat gluten I go 2 to 3
days with a stomachache nothing can fix
it that's just my reaction I don't
really ever talk about it it's not
something I like to publicize obviously
I've been straightforward about it with
you guys because you see every day of my
life it would have been weird if you
didn't know why I never ate gluten going
out to dinner and stuff I would just try
to order a salad and not draw any
attention to myself and the opposite has
been happening with the gluten-free
craze and that's what's really
frustrated me and that's what's really
made me want to sit down for a second
and make this video I'll link the video
in the description so you can see what
I'm talking about it's very mild and I
thought it was absolutely ridiculous
that there was a petition to take it off
and I don't understand that the people
who are up in arms and
very defensive about this commercial to
really ask themselves why they're so
insecure about being made fun of is it
because you know that this commercial is
making a valid point that when
you act like gluten is such an enemy you
are seriously making a fool of yourself
when you don't have a series or any sort
of real medical and tolerance to it
I'm gonna go continue on with my life as
a celiac eating gluten-free and not
telling the world about it hopefully
this gluten-free culture can sort of
figure out a way to not be as annoying
while also keeping gluten free in a
public eye because like I said it's very
nice to have all these options at places
that are making gluten-free available it
just would be great to not have it
looked at as a big joke anyway in doing
it sorry I had to sit down and do that I
really just wanted to express some of
this to you I feel like every once in a
while throwing together a blog like this
is healthy for both of us you get to
listen to me rant and I get to get it
off my chest
obviously if you guys have any questions
you know about glue-free or what I do or
how I got diagnosed or anything I'm
totally here to answer your questions
you know tweet at me or hit the comments
whatever you know I feel like it's an
important thing to be educated on so if
you have questions there's no real
stupid question you can ask I want to
thank you guys for watching I love you
all and I'll be back tomorrow with
another regular vlog not a rarity gluten
free one but yes go Patriots
