Josh and Colleen came over and I'm
making Josh a drink right now tell me
you guys sweet let me make sure a blog
happened with this I'll do my best but
we're all just kind of hanging out
having fun so I'm gonna make this drink
and see where that takes us
you make it evil applause bro hey I know
I know you guys haven't seen him since
that last vlog but I like texting
tonight and I was like you know what I
know you're packing you gotta get your
dick over here things like you don't
want me and Colleen are gonna do it
rocky at first was like no and then
Colleen holy fucking snapshot Polly
stepped up and said you know what we got
to go fucking hang out with them yeah
you were the middle so yeah we felt so
much to do and I was like no we're gonna
be human beings and hang out with other
humans I'll try to look out for you and
I was trying to register for Roger being
good boyfriend and Colleen was like you
know what we gotta go
music girlfriend cuz I know she's in
love with you and I was like I can't
come from
it's a weird three-way relationship
right yeah me and Josh has this thing in
kollene and apparently they're like
engage a river but either way that
movement I just want to run my hands to
that glorious hair when I grow so bad
don't fret freitas it needs me I don't
know if you know but I have like this
weird alter ego named MOC yeah so people
have been asking for a Miranda mark
video we I think I think that needs to
happen because this ass might be off the
chart once more it goes away Josh and I
can just grow out well as long as we can
cuddle we're good to go
things are gonna get easier oh oh oh the
kids has just come out of nowhere and
Colleen is hanging out beers that's
beans over there hey peach calm yourself
down these women are taken we're just
gonna keep getting ratchet and watching
stitches yes that's a cute
nothing jobs you know what did you just
have sushi every she's like ah she's
playing hard to get
I know look at Dean Fred just skyrocket
another fuckin Oh
what is up guys wow we were drunk last
night I'm about to watch this by the way
so fucking excited I had a brilliant
time when Josh and kollene and mamrie
and all them came over last night I got
to hang out grace for the first time
she's super fucking cool she like told
me that she watches my vlogs and I was
like so unbelievably flattered and uh no
it was just a great time all around we
were hammered so I woke up this morning
I had to go into work today uh I woke up
a couple hours before work and my
initial plan was to wake up at 7:00 to
order the shoes these these Nike
CrossFit shoes that just got released
and you guys know I don't do CrossFit
I do Olympic weightlifting but there is
a crossover there and I love Nike so
when they announced they were making
that shoe I was like I gotta get it so
because I was drunk I slept till 9:00 go
on the website and they're sold out so
I'm like fuck I was like really really
upset because I wanted them and I text
my friend from the gym go ahead I was
like they're out I don't know what to do
and he was like yeah I missed it too
because he was gonna room too and he was
like go call the store the actual Nike
store so I did and they were like we
have it in your size so I was like oh
fuck and they can't hold it so I like
made like a quick breakfast and bolted
out the door and showed up at the Nike
store and got not one but two pairs of
the Nike metcon ones which is the new
Nike Cross with you and I am so psyched
I haven't been this excited about a shoe
in a long time which is why I got two
pair but anyway I just want to share
that sort of thing I'm cooking some food
right now and I'm being half unhealthy
and half health because it's Saturday
night and I want to live so I'm making
bacon instead of putting it on mac and
cheese I'm not going to do that I'm
gonna mix it with this chicken breast I
had made I'm gonna wrap them up in
spring rolls because we're on the clock
now some protein some fat a little bit
of carbs so we're going to watch this
Anderson Silva Nick Diaz tonight super
psyched for that yeah I'll show you guys
some of that but I think later Gigi and
Korey are coming over
this is my creation with some aioli
now we gonna watch this fight while I
eat that boo got food oh it's the goat
the greatest of all time silver
this flame is fucking magical
this is incredible the site is seriously
fucking incredible
what what is it I will show your
electric kappa long here phille ejection
hey so we're the blue squad tonight
we're all rocking blue fucking Lipsy
come on who's one god that's what we
used to say we were kids and like we
would say something every my mom again
what good your god you here is it yeah I
could not even here Jenna where are you
Jenna's God so Gabby dropped her phone
like a div and we're soaking it we're so
gonna stroke out phone and rice right
now oh my god the lens on this camera
looks incredible when they'll be my mom
no no just like looking into the lens
right now with the ring light behind me
I want to take a picture
he's gonna hear funny story Jenna was
getting ready in her closet shut the
door realized she locked Kermit in the
closet
came back like 30 seconds later and
there was diarrhea all over her closet
fucking Cartman he looked panicked and
then just shit everywhere all right Cory
and Gigi are coming over soon maybe I'll
blog later oh my god yeah
hi there you so every single time a
picture gets posted of what we're doing
especially when we're hanging out with
friends
a billion comments are like Blanca
Julian Braga Julian because basically
everyone knows I vlog I'm kind of
everything so here it is motherfuckers
Gigi you are being a vlog let's see if
Gigi wants to be in the vlog we're about
to go out we're pretty drunk but we're
gonna go out for some more fun right now
we can hang out Gaby and Korey and Gigi
and I'm vlogging because you guys asked
me to we're going to come into the
dollar all right I'm coming in I'm going
to the bathroom
oh my god I'm shitting it out put that
fucking shake Julian what the fuck Jenna
your boyfriend watch me shit okay you
guys are think of it so anyway wasn't
shitting she is show her to the doctors
she's gotta be shitting Cornish strip
club my first time ever
izzy is funding you know this we've been
asking her for everything out after ever
since we were turned on one night it's
been pretty epic it's complete my god he
James yeah
going in on the camera your care husband
table that's good right okay you look
pretty good
hey get on stage I don't know obviously
we've been in this place I would like
we're gonna go to the ATM and G's gonna
end up with all of it oh my god cue bad
hey ring wait we're the champs been
Marlon fuck yeah our champ and champs
baby thanks Pete
it's fucked up we're just gonna chill
out hang out and celebrate the rest of
our win because we're the champs of the
best football team on earth right now
but that's it for the ball I hope you
guys enjoyed watching this entire crazy
weekend I was thinking I'd probably lay
low that weekend before playlist
no just gonna get drunk both nights and
go to a strip club maybe have a billion
people over at our house lay low but
thanks for watching I love you guys sit
back Marlin see you oh I'll see you guys
tomorrow okay
