morning friends I just finished cleaning
an entire area that was filled up from
boxes P o box madness because I think
today my new table might come which I'm
very excited for just getting
caffeinated and hydrated I hope you guys
are having a good morning I'm just going
to be sitting by the door once again so
I just clean the entire room here like I
said and then i let DJ rubra kind of do
his thing and he is fucking lost I don't
know where he went like I heard him
doing his thing here and like he moved
into living oh there he is
I've been looking for him for like 10
fucking minutes and I just found him
under the chair what the fuck man I like
looked under the couch I looked in the
fucking kitchen down the hall cuz he
sometimes goes there but he just went
under the chair and decided to take a
little nap hey there so we just got a
gift from our friend Kat who visited a
couple weeks ago it's called Blue Bottle
coffee it's a coffee company from up
north in the Bay Area and she says it
has more caffeine than the average
coffees right now we are putting that to
the test and having some espresso my
tena she's she nodded she's wearing a
sports bra so I assume she doesn't wanna
be on camera yeah hide me nah I'm gonna
fuck
let's get caffeinated
let's get caffeinated I'm not want to be
ex live it happening we're gonna eat it
anyway
go find yourself so far it tastes like
coffee but it's good because there's
catenin to us it's let's get caffeinated
let's get captain ated ah we're gonna
see ourselves out of our own house some
guys just gettin home right now and
we're cooking dinner I want to show you
we're cooking since we're being all sad
and diet II we really want to cheese we
made a vegan cheese that we would
normally put on like mac and cheese but
we're going to put it on broccoli
alright so we just finished the cheese
for the fake cheese I guess you could
say that's what it looks like this
shit's the real deal it's cashews
potatoes carrots onions nutritional
yeast some salt it's very simple but
anyway we're gonna put it on our
broccoli right now Oh BAE BAE give it a
little more we're gonna be healthy so
that's what we did I'm just sitting here
right now editing my video and all the
dogs are asleep except for Kermit he's
literally just fucking looking at me
like he won't go to sleep he just I mean
like even more than right then he was
just looking like a minute ago like
really nervously at me like wish I wish
I understood what was in his brain not
even looking at him and I look over and
he's just like completely wide awake any
other Torres sleep you're weird has no
bounds like this is what he was doing
what hello I'm so much though you guys
need to remember Kermit is the only
reason I have peach it's all so hard in
love with Kermit it's your fault you're
tired of peach just know it's your fault
Kermit and now he's asleep
what the actual fuck is wrong hey guys
got this new shirt I really like it it's
funny and also I went to the
chiropractor who taught me how to do
this right so that's exciting shoulders
feeling really good but I just want to
check in with you guys
I guess I'll catch you up with whatever
we do in a little bit hey hey guys oh
you want to see what it just did
we were cleaning up these cups and
that's the best way to dry them out so I
made that okay okay
hey everyone copy out she's so sad cuz
she has too much energy
watch her terrorizing them what was like
get me out of here Pete you're
terrorizing everyone
that's my girl pissing everyone off good
baby
pissing everyone off my brother you had
it with peach Kermit is so great he
fought in like five different Wars and
he's still suffering from it just for
our freedom you're so sweet are you
orbit good war flashbacks oh this beer
in the fridge is just laughing at us
while I have my fucking pre-made chicken
breast in water on water and water on
water all I know is on Sunday I'm about
to go in on some fucking chicken links
for the Super Bowl celebrate my Patriots
but we're getting ready for bed so
you're not gonna have this vlog Friday
morning you're gonna have it Friday
afternoon because uh I'll include some
of tomorrow but good night see you guys
in the morning and it's morning happy
morning everyone and getting up for the
day making some coffee
this blue bottle stuff is really good as
you can tell a little slower cuz I'm
still waiting for my copy I haven't got
caffeinated yet but I wanted to say hi
and
morning right now I'm going to make
myself some breakfast and head out to
work for a few hours I wanted to show
you the breakfast that I've been having
recently so ever since I found this boy
right here and then obsessed with making
breakfast burritos but it's not
complicated whatsoever and it's also
really healthy you know if you do it the
right way so basically I wanted to show
you how it works so you take you need to
get these gluten-free tortillas by
mission two eggs and a little bit of
cheese so you're going to scramble the
egg up set aside a little teeny maybe
tablespoon of mozzarella shredded cheese
and get your stretching out we're just
going to scramble the egg and I have the
cheese once it's done scrambling then
we're going to throw the tortilla in the
microwave for 10 seconds on each sack
all right so we finished our eggs and we
are going to take what we got and bring
it over here onto the tortilla that's
been microwaved then we are just going
to roll it up like a burrito and what
you end up with just is like a really
small burrito because the tortilla looks
big but when you fold it up it gets
fairly small and what you're going to do
is you're going to put it fold side down
back on the pan and you're just going to
let that cook for about a minute it
grills the bottom so it doesn't come
loose and then you're done and there you
have a like a little mini breakfast
burrito and if I wasn't caring about
what I eat right now I would eat like
six of those instead of eating one but I
want to show you guys that because it's
super quick super easy and it's what
I've been having every fucking day for
those gluten-free people this is like so
exciting that we can agree toes now I
had no idea these things existed
my lovely caffeine heyday is still
getting ready
anyway when I'm back from work I'll show
you guys what else is up for the day but
then I'll probably cut together the vlog
so you can have it on Friday
this is what it ends up looking like
just like a nice breakfast burrito I
mean obviously fairly smaller which is
why you can have more than one but it's
super easy take it on the go
it's got protein in it a little bit of
fat but yeah that's what I'm gonna do
right now and you get caffeinated so you
guys know but you went up guys I am
gonna put together the vlog now so this
is it I'll see you guys back on Monday
for another vlog and for the rest of the
night I think Jenna's friend memories
come
/ and we're gonna hang out with my
podcast we're not sure yet I'll stay in
touch with you guys on Twitter and stuff
thanks for watching I love you all and
I'll see you on Monday have a good
weekend
you
