hey guys so today I didn't really have
much to vlog and I actually did blog but
it's so boring that I wanted to put
something else on the channel so I
decided to take a little trip
Jen's ratchet so on plus I made this
appointment like three months ago yeah
you late you don't have enough hair but
I want to make you Ariana's manager
she just has like super tight pony right
like her head looks like like it's
racing because it's a pony thanks I'm
good at things here was this much while
I'm sober he doesn't know what salad is
he's like it's alive what is a soul oh
my god was happening you look so pretty
I look like meep r.i.p never forget i'm
so happy to get to see me pin the last
episode though they brought me back that
neat okay so what hairstyle are we
talking about here just it's a high pony
oh so are we done what is wrong with you
Ariana Grande but no tickling in the
salon that's illegal
can we do a hairstyle now yes Leslie
here why not that was something but it
was not her style
you
all right your tricycle remember
tricycle get me a new tricycle mine
sucks all the other girls in school
better transposes now we need to be
grateful for what we have
hey I'm grateful for this really less
than par Harris dollar giving me I look
like that chick from hey Arnold oh god
oh god that's bank I'll go ha ha ha ha
ha I'm gonna show up to weightlifting
one day like this this is really it's
the most luxurious however alright so
why don't you give me even though my
hair's not long enough why don't you
show me what in a dysfunctional
hairstyle would be if I was a female
weightlifter tennis shot her main video
tonight saw her blood still boiling
touch boiling this is a dysfunctional
hairstyle Oh understood why is this
dysfunctional Jenna from Jenna's ratchet
hair salon because if you move your head
it's all gonna come out so Jenna just
ranted about namely in sports and I
think this is very example because if
you move around you here is gonna get in
your face oh my hairs in my face what do
I do you know what the only thing more
dysfunctional than that it's just
leaving it all down if I tried to weight
lift with my hair all down I would just
be crying the whole time because the
hair would be everywhere in my eyes and
I was just give up so you won't get your
face so you can do your sport so I think
next time I come to Jenna's ratchets
I'll make an appointment like three
years in advance the next time I come I
want her to braid my hair in a certain
way so I'll have to supply some former
bands and get everything ready for that
next time if you guys have any hair
styled you'd like to see me get at
Jenna's ratchets lon you should just let
me know I'll be in the comments I'll see
you guys at yet Jenna's ratchet salon
calm which is in a real website is
showing are you talking like a
hairstylist
call me honey honey honey hi hon okay
yeah I'm gonna do something you look
like an ant
tena I am today and tonight in my rivet
PSAs dysfunctional their answer yes
that's right I buy you know and add good
or so many busy hair is nightmare fuel
I can't I can't see numbers
Oh finem Medicare do oh my gosh
now you had the Bossip it ends hey guys
Mew Tony come on Danny
growing on my bonbons quick you know
like those reality shows may introduce
each character nism stop moving your
head sorry buddy wait no that's me I'm
honey please hon tell you my birthday
sweetheart
tell your mother I said hi homestead i
Walter Yan thank you Tae Yong chol I
said hi why you want me to tell me oh
god that's a weird thing to say well
your mother's dead Oh God all right oh
wait so that's part of Jenna's bathroom
salon she takes everything I've done you
can't shine Oh
joy on the side ponies always a psycho
me always beer no I think this is like
one of those hairstyles that you can
wear and like oh gee Ellen yeah
while we mean fun I have like eight
people waiting for me
donkey Nina calling any attitude and
tell me on how to do my job the doors
over there
where are they waiting the whole place
thank you everyone's outside I see
outside no one's there how pretty a lot
though
this is brave but it's a supposed to be
like that so three sides back so it's
supposed to be right here
what's this side but if you don't live
up the ladder here's a point this is
everyone see it you just don't see them
because you're a bumbling fool mumbling
thanks well I see you next time bye my
appointment for the break Oh tell my
assistant the next time that you call
that you're gonna get back I don't see
any assistant and when I call last time
I spoke friend with you what she said
hello this is Jenna no she said that
that she'll laugh for certain ease I
have to assistant the every city into
existence
well what just common sense can't run up
someone with one assistant yes yes you
can run this a lot my point is you can
run this along with no assistance I
don't know what full-on you're talking
about because it won't be terrible every
other saw on the back including it so
there's no existence is you talking on
the phone talk to you on the phone Oh
who's your next appointment was it all
sounds alike that's why you got it
twisted by there's no one else in the
entire even building this doesn't about
that
Jenna's reaction salon is in any
dimension doesn't a bell think it's just
like a one Rome hot we're in a hot and
day touches you know are you following
me bad you guys get out because I'm
married I don't have any of that funny
businesses yes you're gonna you gonna
come on to me you can leave okay
aren't you this is a head you can't just
touch people Jenny
can't just ask for anyone's you think
it's awesome mom I'm not Sheila she show
Jeff much a little Sharon is really
cheering come on Sharon your kitchen
especially not sharing it's Sharon good
excited again my name is not sharing it
share it sure did you get it right sure
you can take your bodily functional out
you guys have been doing an opportunity
to I don't know they were following for
$200 already filled me for 3000 I have
no money for rent
yeah it's 200 on top of that fest
gratuity you're asking for Georgia Tech
reset yep I'll leave for touching my
titties
100 200 thank you
it'll be because I have another client
accommodation all right question okay at
any minute
there's no one even here hi you know
what I think I might take my break now
hey guys so I hope you're cool that I
threw this in the mix tomorrow we'll be
back to a regular vlog but like I said I
thought this would be a better idea than
putting up the blog footage after today
it's just honestly wasn't interesting
but that's kind of the risk you take
when you walk so much which I do but got
hiccups but I love you guys I have a new
idea for a shirt I'm trying to formulate
a good way to make that shirt happen so
we'll see if that works I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I will see you
tomorrow I love you so much thank you
all for watching I'm gonna go try to get
rid of these hiccups layer
