good morning everyone
so I was on my way downstairs just now
to get some caffeine for us to wake up
and I come back up and the outside door
to our balcony is open and I set like a
little thing on the bed for Jenna and
she goes oh my god and I turn around and
bird when I send in the room and just
chills on our window this window right
there and it's just like pecking at the
thing trying to get out and we're just
like and Kermit starts to chase it
like the bird and Barket and we're like
he's gonna scare the bird I left the
door to the house open so we were afraid
the bird was just gonna go into the
house and just live there forever we
locked him in the bathroom and we just
opened both balcony doors and then
finally the bird flew out but I couldn't
get my camera in time because I was
trying to like restrain the dogs anyway
how dear morning little ridiculous I'm
hungry on and go out practice now so in
our attempts at being a lot healthier
and feeling better
Jenna and I are going full-blown
bodybuilder and we're carrying around
gallons of water with us so we can
ensure that we drink a whole gallon
every day so if you see a couple of
crazy people walking around on the
street with dogs on their shirt and
gallons of water in their hands it's
probably a full-blown bodybuilder so for
those of you gluten-free people who are
like me you never really had a flour
tortilla where you can make like
burritos with and I just found this at
the store yesterday
props to Mission they made flour
tortillas for us so I'm currently having
a little bit of a breakfast burrito and
this should is good man it holds
together I would definitely recommend
that shout out to mission for doing it
right thank you mission good breakfast
ting
are you practicing let's see what she's
eating for breakfast oh well oats make
the pot work spam spam is an semeth name
snappish good morning morning waiting
breakfast I just made myself a breakfast
burrito so he just emptied the PIO box
and how much stuff was there
so much stuff I haven't been there since
we moved to the valley yeah even a
little before that it was like over half
an hour to get and to say in Monica Sui
I really really really need to switch
the address so that I can get your
guys's things when you send them to me
like two months later they hate me
they're like you know I'll just fool
them clear out slowly they only have
like this one little attic to store
everything yeah and they're only open
until 5:00 p.m. so you have to like get
there during the day or else you're
 so I guess you'd probably want to
tell everyone not to send anything to
the old one until we get a nail in there
yeah we're gonna get a new one in the
valley so then it will be better yeah
our entire truck is for is so we're
gonna go home and open all these
phonebook Wisman Christmas we'll have a
lot of art to add to the wall problem or
you know I also I don't think we have
enough quest pose so many glass bars man
look what Peachy got from the peel box
whoa who said this here it was um fetch
her pet so much stuff that's for pets
are you ain't peed chilly with my feet
you're so cute we just got really not
because she dug up more of the carpet so
we're gonna have to get some of that
spray the better spray we have the dog
holy crap that is so cute it's from
things Remembered oh my god you should
hang that in the podcast room yeah are
you a princess wagon look at the peachy
princess oh my god Jenna this is from a
company called dolls kill they just sent
this to me and I'm dying with me it
lights up you're wearing that out one
night double bond o it looks electric in
the dark
oh so the kid is that landshark no it's
karma to landshark look at Kermit Kermit
landshark Herman are you a Land Shark
come in a you a Land Shark
April brown thank you for sending these
costumes they're so cute
Kharma say thank you to April he's so
inhale right now PJ your princess are
you little princess lady okay sir Ichigo
look so pretty it's like way too small
Oh Kermit you can move you're not a
statue hello Sam DeMarco you have some
talent girl or guy wait friend thank you
this is so adorable
that's me and Jenna saving up my bun
double bun it's really cute
you better believe is going on the
podcast wall Thank You Emily Ann that's
really sweet
so somebody sent Jenna a boyfriend for
Kevin named Karen which is
hilarious that they did that it's a
ukulele named Karen and they have a
whole letter along with Karen explaining
who Karen is and everything oh my god
okay so this girl on Instagram who I had
spoken to via Instagram a while ago
named Brianna basically drew hermit
marbles and peach and then DNV and was
like I'm gonna make them into like
freezer magnets like turn the drawings
into magnets and she sent it to our PO
Box and I remember she said she did we
hadn't gone in so long and here they are
this is peach marbles Sarah man thank
you so much that's really sweet
oh damn a rare as Pikachu card okay
Steph my Pokemon game up a little bit
Breanna thank you so much I was really
excited to get these that I'm happy we
finally got him so honestly I don't even
know if I want to put these up on the
fridge I want to put these up in the
podcast room if you're okay with it here
they are all together if you want to
follow this girl name is on Instagram
Branagh pants pran na pants
northern sent us a bunch of dog treats
and they said this letter near the
bottom they said Jen and Jillian sorry
these treats won't mildly annoy your
dogs so Jenna got this package from it's
an ale company boom two new Finnell
company she's in love with these
basically they're metal they're like
metal design art nail clip like
attachments I don't know how to describe
how do you describe it's like jewelry
for your nail but you basically take the
metal nail and apply it to your nail
like a piece of jewelry but it looks
like a nail look I'm like dead
I'm actually dead you like the treats
guys all right bye trash can shaped shot
glasses it's awesome RZA Danielle and
luckner huge fan of yours
also that and love the appreciation
shelter soldiers help you still need
this I grew up in Rochester and I love
seeing some of them the area doing
amazing things making the world happy
yeah I was like it's so excited to open
this because I still haven't gotten one
thank you so much this is like the most
thoughtful thing ever people really get
a flag box look so do you guys know what
this is this is my get legs lifetime
achievement award in the mail with my
own personal set of gold legs
and foam finger this is get legs oh guy
selfie stick going on one of the gifts
from the peel box thanks full screen I
can barking far away boy I can
close-up
selfie stick torture no more card they
all please Oh God
try to catch my breath sorry finished
our another little home workout really
pushing ourselves right now jack is
still going anyway we got some cleaning
to do we'll probably clean the house a
little bit honestly and then get settled
in for the night I've been getting more
and more into YouTube like finding
channels and discovering videos lately
and I found a channel called math apps
for this guy named Matt he's a British
guy he's got an awesome accent so it's
super fun to listen to but basically
every week he reviews five apps and I
like DM him and he's like a super cool
guy so I'm gonna link his channel below
in case you guys like me are always
interested in new iPhone apps which is
cool I'm gonna go take a shower and be
less gross now hey guys I'm just hanging
out on the couch right now and peachy in
my girlfriend Jenna and we're both
really tired and exhausted because we're
not eating that much of food takes
giants that water-jug I explained to
them earlier we're going full-blown body
doll they're carrying around on giant
water jugs we had a pretty intense
cardio workout earlier so now we're just
kind of conserving our little left
energy make dinner sit we're just
killing time we're literally counting
the clock until you get to eat again
whatever you're doing it's probably
we're fun this the hot commodity right
now okay over somewhat like that good
good gum sugar free this is like
cigarettes in jail by the way Chinese
food has hashbrowns
we ordered Chinese food and like a
couple days ago and they yeah she did
and they had hashbrowns and they were so
good I'm in the point right now we're
all I want to do is look at pictures of
food so just just so you guys know you
ever eating Chinese food don't ever
count on hashbrowns more you know hey
guys just wanted to sign off with you
getting ready for bed putting the vlog
together and just shutting down for the
night but a pretty good day today got a
lot done and tomorrow is video day
you'll be watching this on video day of
course I want to say thanks again to
everyone who sent stuff to the PIO box
and who's planning on sending stuff to
our next pol box it's really cool to
open gifts like that thanks again for
watching I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
