Pichu are you doing are you two on a
doorbell
peach do you have all the flag in the
world are you licking the floor now
Kevin loves the attention
yeah what is it
is this a black live Herman you're the
weirdest thing ever
is he having any flashbacks today hey
we're not Nam anymore it'll be beeping
hold this there's your money you just
say to me I said why did you move I
cherish I came very late on Julian we're
having lazy Sunday and I laid on top of
Julian because he wanted me to come hug
him and then I moved down to here and he
said but no I can't touch the bus was
the point of this what is the point
and what is luzia more than just the bus
you're the butt and that day Punk you
got today
here's a lot I can almost reach it was
weird
more than about just a bar you're okay
the fun really but really nothing why
stop I'm gonna tickle if I need me to
dig for me just one second listen I need
to please her a little word community
you're smashing like glue oh sure that's
my boss little boy
major if you don't urge to give
everybody patrol floss you're
outnumbered
no I makes my hair no I'm the only one
raised millions I weigh oh the best move
in the world is back home watching I'm
invested for watching goes to a
boyfriend boys girls the foil for the
rules of boyfriends ghosts yeah are you
gonna lay on top so I can reach them but
again I'm just gonna taunt me with it
just give it to me if you felt the bots
you know what I'm going through
lluvia he looks like Billy Ray in this
scene he looks like me in the scene get
it
wait really good in bed move it
curve it let hurry you're not helping
yourself so oh my god what the fuck we
don't get our cardio all right now Jenna
doesn't want to be in
blog for work to work out a new cardia
right now and she's not wearing very
many clothes it's naked cardio I'm just
kidding a Sunday okay we're Charlie our
dicks in shape or playlist so we're
going to jump on the cardio machines and
maybe watch some TV to distract us from
how much we hate ourselves
just kidding me behind ourselves anyway
I wanted to say good morning hadn't
signed on yet hope you guys are having a
good day
I just finished training at Takano for
about two hours almost it was a long day
we did a heavy workout today so I'm
pretty exhausted but I ate a little food
and now we're going to jump on the
cardio and I don't catch up with you
guys after that stuff you guys just got
a little cardio done and I'm hungry I'm
not gonna lie I have a little FOMO
like I'm missing out right now seeing
everyone with their let's get
caffeinated coffee shirt and I don't
have one yet it should be coming today I
believe for tomorrow sometime soon the
thing about the let's get caffeinated
shirts with a coffee cup is by the time
I had done the fourth shirt I didn't
realize until that time that you could
change the quality and make it like
tri-blend they're american apparel
triblend the really comfortable soft one
so that's what I did for that one so I'm
excited to get our obviously I still
love the other shirts that are super
comfortable anyway because American
Apparel any shirts it's just a solid way
to go oh hey Jenna I'm glad you guys are
liking the new podcast setup awesome
comments on the new podcast that we just
put out also guys I know that sometimes
we're going to have a guest on the
podcast that maybe you don't know or
you're not so fond of but let's try to
be respectful in the comments I mean
obviously say whatever you want but I
just find it a little frustrating when
someone says something like I love you
Julia Livy Jenna but fuck this person
I'm not going to watch this channel you
know if they're ever on it ever again
like okay well you either love us and
want to support us or you're just saying
that and then kind of proving otherwise
so let's just try to be a little
respectful of the people who are on the
podcast you know they're nice enough to
come join us and in a sense collaborate
you know by going on a podcast they
don't have to anyway we just got word
that our p.o box has been absolutely
filled up so we are gonna start a new PA
box very soon collect the rest of that
stuff and as we go through more of the
stuff I'll be adding to this wall
because there's still a lot of blank
space baby I don't match alright well
for now I'm just gonna sit by the front
door like a dog waiting for the UPS guy
so I'm just sitting here eating
after a shower and look what came yes
that's right let's get gap knitted
number two is here and I'm gonna start
where I'm so excited and I love seeing
all the pictures tweet snapchats
instagrams of you guys wearing your
shirt and being happy that you got them
it makes me so happy because that's
that's what I oh that's all I wanted
from these shirts is to make you guys
happy I'm gonna go back to eating
chicken rice and spinach because it's my
meeting now right Kermit are you weird
you having Vietnam flashbacks what are
you guys doing being naughty now we're
in business
these are super comfortable I'm really
happy how these came out I'm gonna have
to order some more you go get
caffeinated right now put up guys like 9
o'clock right now I'm just preparing my
meals for tomorrow and just cuz I'm
trying to be a little hard on myself in
terms of my age
while I'm prepping my meals right now a
constant is that no matter what I'm
doing she's always watching it
scampering her way in here trying to see
what I'm doing
she just always wants my food it's
adorable I can't go in the kitchen
without her following me and I'm gonna
sign off right now cuz it's getting to
that point of the night well we gotta
get ready for bed in a little bit and
stuff like that see you guys tomorrow
I hope you're liking the shirts I know I
am for those of you were going to
playlist I'm really excited to get to
meet you in a couple weeks and thanks
again for watching I love you guys
