okay
so there's not a real vlog for today
because I'm sick and I didn't vlog all
day but right now I wanted to show you
what I'm doing by the way it's like 9:30
and it's what 90 degrees though 80
degrees I'm like sweating here
I'm with Collin and we are putting the
final final final edits on an eat clay
love the short film and then I am
submitting to buffer fest this year I'm
submitting it tonight and I just I
wanted to say a few things about that
and also just kind of a couple more
updates about what I'm doing
first of all I'm really fuckin happy
with this thing and I gotta be honest it
was a terrifying experience and it
really did kick my ass a little bit and
a little more info we had this idea this
really weird kind of goofy idea to shoot
a short film with Christine and Elijah
and Colin wrote the script because
that's kind of what Colin is the best
dad and I technically directed it and so
we shot it in one day I showed you that
vlog a little while ago and for a couple
weeks now we've been trying to piece it
together and it's finally there and so
you're submitting it tonight is it going
to be the short films category and
buffer fest I know a few of you guys are
going and really excited to see anyone
who's there
because buffer is always a good time
okay so that's that's all done last
night we had a really fucking fantastic
time streaming on Twitch we donated
every procede that we made on that
stream towards the hurricane relief
efforts in Houston
we raised over $5,000 and I shouldn't
even say we I should say you guys
because all I did was play video games
and you guys raised all that money it
was exceptional and it made me feel
really special it made me feel proud of
you guys and it's a really really
horrible thing that's going on down
there in Houston and the feeling of
being kind of powerless all the way out
here in California is a real feeling so
last night it was important to me and I
know it was important to the handful of
you guys who are living through this
because I just cannot imagine what that
must be like to have everything in your
life destroyed in an instant and there's
no one to blame so I wanted to extend my
thoughts to anyone who might be going
through some shitty times because of the
hurricane I'm going to link multiple
different websites that you can find
ways to help out and donate to the
relief efforts of hurricane Harvey in
the description and like I said this
isn't really gonna be a vlog because
today you know I'm just really out of it
not not feeling that well and I guess
this is just kind of what I have to give
but I did want to talk to you guys
because I know I normally post vlogs on
Tuesdays and I didn't post one yesterday
so what's gonna happen with the short
film is it's gonna premiere a buffer
fest at the end of September early
October and after it premieres it's
gonna go live on my channel and that's
when you guys can watch it so that's
where that will be it's called eat clay
love again the weirdest fucking thing
I've ever made but it's nice because the
thing I'm most proud of aside from just
completing it is the fact that we did
something and I did something really
really really different than I'm used to
creatively behind the camera or other
wats
it's a completely new flavor for us and
I just can't wait for you guys to see it
and tell me how weird you think it is
but I'm gonna do my best to have a
proper blog ready for you guys tomorrow
thoughts are with all of you guys decent
and now all we got to do is export and
upload except not to YouTube yet
Colin what are your thoughts and eat
play love ah he's got his new noise
cancelling headphones okay sorry I can't
hear ya cancelling all noise into my
brain can you tell me really quick
writer it's first of all we threw out
the entire script this as soon as we got
there so I'm only getting a credit out
of sympathy which I'm totally fine with
no it's incredible I it's ridiculous
like the we have a short film called
clay love yeah and the best part the
best part is that the name isn't even as
weird as the actual movie is it's way
weirder than the actual then you hear
the name really God must be weird it's
weirder yeah it might seem like we based
an entire movie on the title but
actually the title came after I think it
was Elijah he gets credit for yeah it
was either that or the claymation
estanque steriliser and Kristine and
Jeff for being awesome amazing talent
for this like the Academy Awards
all-around Academy Awards this shook
right now
yeah don't expect the last-minute trips
because it's going to be very fucking
different
