alright guys so I just finished the
block of course in time for the shirts
to arrive but the middle man's been out
front like right out front of our door
for like five minutes because he is
individual packaged shirts and I ordered
so many oh look at the bar you shake
your bar my bar look how pretty she
looks this is my queen really my queen
that's right hey no Jenn Jenn it shows
on super rock star status food is
listener awesome show he's been out
there for like a whole fucking five
minutes just scanning all of my shirts I
kind of feel bad but whatever but they
ship them individually because I ordered
so many like for people and friends and
just give out so that's a new thing
right now I'm psyched to see it man
I'm gonna take off my shirt to get ready
all right I'm ready for my new shirt my
old shirt has been removed he's still
out there
it's like Christmas it was a good day
you doing oh I'm good I'm just wearing
myself on my shirt Jenna I got so many
shirts I'm fucking pumped right now is
this sick let's get caffeinated alright
got a post assignees remember so I'm
really proud of all the work that's gone
into this room it's finally looking like
it's coming together we finished the
sound proofing today cuz the adhesives
came in the entire wall is done and we
have it over here too we did it in there
we did some on the door hi that's me
the wall is getting close to I mean not
finished but it's getting close to
looking like it's filled in on camera we
eventually want to do all up there and
fill all down there with with fan art
and stuff because you guys have awesome
shit but it's just really exciting
looking at this after like two weeks ago
and it was just the room we threw our
shit in so we're really happy to make
use of it turned into like our blog
podcast room we're gonna have a guest on
the podcast tonight that's a little
treat for creating this new room it's
gonna be dope did not even realize that
these came - I only opened one package
thinking that they were all to get
caffeinated one
peach does you pay do you know who this
is
you know who that is that's you it's
really cute right
Oh peachy on a shirt mmm
hey hey there Samet name pÃªche oh man I
love that I got both of these today I
saw something post on Instagram and I
was like wait a minute I didn't get a
peach so I looked in the other package
and it was here oh yeah those are all
the shirts that I've got finally so the
only ones remaining are the ones at the
coffee cup on it which I'm so psyched
that they fucking got here so fast
teespring you my friend are one of the
most impressive websites I've ever used
teespring is though is the server side
used to do these shirts and they were
incredibly helpful the whole time they
dedicated a person to my campaign so if
I had any questions she would help me
and they ship so fast like teespring
Thank You Man I present to you the
finished podcast flash vlog room there
it is in all its glory covered up both
windows with some more sound proof the
entire wall that wall that wall got a
fucking bad-ass camera I like vlogger
Tron for the name but we haven't decided
yet you got that set up with our monitor
lights Jenna has pulp fiction or other
light here my little stand so the
computers not in the shot all the Mike
saw the headphones all the chairs and
all the art obviously the art is not
done we will be constantly adding to the
art but it's really come a long way then
and to celebrate what you're gonna
podcast we're a special guest on the
podcast tonight you guys will find out
that that is but it's it's really
exciting man like Jenna and I have said
when your work starts to bleed into your
house and you can't like shut a door and
be away from it it messes with your head
a little bit cuz you in a sense feel
like you're always working and the way
that we've consolidated this room
cleared it out redone it I mean it's
just really awesome so the podcasts are
gonna look great because of this sexy
beast and also because of your beautiful
artwork in the background and they're
gonna sound great because of the
soundproofing they're gonna have good
light I mean it's coming together man
I'm excited to share this room with you
for vlogs that we do in their podcasts
really exciting I'm gonna get going on
the podcast so I'll see you guys later
work that selfie I'm gonna buy I'm gonna
buy because it we just watched so I told
you on snapchat
we had a guest on our podcast tonight
and you guys are all curious at who it
was curious if I should tell you on the
blog all right so you guys I told you on
snapchat we had a guest and you guys
have been tweeting at me who you think
it is he just we finish podcasting with
her yes good time it's really it was it
was like our first social media public
figure type guest which is exciting and
gabby is an electric storyteller as I'm
sure you guys are nosy you guys give me
you all makes me so happy though like
when you guys say that it makes my heart
like it makes me really bring that when
Jenna thinks something's cute she says
out cuz when Jenna said he was like wait
no it's good like no that's what I do
when I think something's really cute
yeah but you know the podcast is really
good you guys are gonna be watching it
probably the same day this comes out but
Gavin is super epic and yeah that was
awesome and it was our first time on the
new camera which felt so professional we
were like yeah podcast really hammer are
you in the oh you of the tripod galley
posted a snapchat
I'll link everything but she made the
snapchat huh basically she showed like
our entire podcast room set up and was
like this is jenna Marbles is like video
set up with a brand new fucking camera
and then she walks out the hall she said
this is Julian's and then she shows my
little higher is entire video set of
business panic it's fucking hilarious
and the tripod so cute and it's like so
yeah it looks like we're on set or
something it looks we go inside
we are definitely enough gabion again
because they responded super awesome
that's what yeah now we're just gonna
continue drinking like Gabi has been
doing and I have been doing clearly you
give them I just point out I need to
make a a word for drug like we think I'm
not DRA groggily drug bite dragging
dragging I'm dragging it's sort of like
jogging except you're not getting
exercise you're being the Internet
basically as a baby Gabi
Gabi's been awesome yeah okay time for
another drink in what
