hold on guys sorry I haven't gotten on
till right now it's just like the
afternoon but I'm gonna go over to the
chiropractor get my shoulder worked on a
little bit and then I'm back here to
record you to show with her her Sirius
XM gig and then I'm gonna work out and
then go to dinner later but I just want
to check in with you guys
and say what's up had to go to work
earlier so that's what I was doing I've
noticed that we've started to have a
little bit of an invasion in the
comments section of not so positive
things as I'm really used to because my
channel for the most part has always
been just like positivity all around you
guys like discovered my channel through
Jenna and kind of secretly knew about it
but as it grows it's kind of a
double-edged sword more people get to
see if at the same time we get exposed
to the trolls of YouTube which you can't
really do anything about so I just
wanted to say I still love you guys and
I appreciate everyone who's watching
these videos and supporting me and
commenting nice things like you always
do I always love reading the comments
but it definitely hasn't noticed a
little data there's been a little bit of
less than happy things feeding into the
comments section lately don't worry
about it I still love you guys
I'm gonna go head over and get my
shoulder worked on right now cuz you
fixed this thing man it's whole shoulder
problem no good cuz I think I'm gonna be
competing in March at a tournament out
in Fullerton which should be good for me
I just hope I can get healthy enough to
train hard which is the name of the game
I want to be training hard I want to be
at my best if I'm in pain and I'm
training I'm really not doing any
anybody any good all right well I'll see
you guys in a little bit when I'm back
and yeah all right I love me better love
me better
oh you trapping me oh all the love like
that girl that we met at that bar
it was like oh do you have any kids with
your boyfriend and I was like no she
says why not no just I'm not ready she
was like oh you should he's the keeper
just have his baby you should trap him
she said she actually said that those
are the words out of this fucking crazy
guy yeah cuz that's what normal people
talk about the first time you meet
someone like at least at least be
friends with a person before revealing
how insane you are don't trap me I'll
give you my seat anyway Just Peachy been
such a naughty bitch
naughty bit I gotta get dressed for
dinner oh my god get dressed
yeah what do I wear I forget how to get
dressed
hashtag oo Tien what's up Internet hey
people that watch Julian's video it's me
Joshua you're probably like what the
fuck am i doing right now actually he's
he's talking to the people you use for
this here that's okay you guys probably
don't mind that there are certain
viewers are like I don't know him I
don't want to like him or get to know
him
but how you stab the fun yeah I'm here
down to my shoulders man we're gonna go
eat sushi but I call it the sex club
because I get sexual for me I'm Joshua
by the way crazy people so we're talking
to our hands it's just part of life I
guess we'll see you guys when we're done
shoving fish down our throats yes that
see you later thanks Josh Oh charge was
making me drinks right now Matt do you
want me to hold this little yeah a
mother trucker we're gonna make a little
creepy okay so you probably don't even
know what this is his name is creep his
name is creep though right yeah he's
okay that's crazy I'm sure you can
figure out why that's his fucking name
okay he's like is he or is he not
peering into your soul right now he's
gonna be on the album of nightmare fuel
2.0 the album even if you're freaked out
right now in person he's like 50 times
scarier he was just looking at me across
the table and I don't even remember him
being there when we walked in okay I'm
done well I just packed him in he found
his way out of the box he did he always
finds the way you just think because
he's this plush doll thing that he's
innocent eyes are really killing their
swing why do you only think that he's
thinking good things about you right now
okay that's how you sell this thing to
kids
creep you are an evil entity can you go
down back please because you're fucking
terrifying that is nightmare fuel that
is actually a nightmare fuel
you guys creep is no joke man he came
out of the box just to fucking creep me
out he does we're gonna keep drinking
Moscow yeah I'm sure that'll make it
better
cheers to not having paper on fucking
creep man some guys just leaving Josh's
place right now we had a pretty sweet
time man he is a super cool guy I have a
feeling you guys are gonna be seeing a
little bit more of him because we're
becoming pretty good friends which is
awesome he's a lot like me honestly it
was fun to hang out we had sushi and
then we went back to his place to have a
couple drinks that creep man
fucking creep me out but I'm heading
home right now this is all I think that
it's going to be tonight and then I'll
catch up with you guys in the morning
and then post a blog Friday midday but I
wanted to check in with you guys like
you know hanging out with Josh was super
fun my mama's gonna link his stuff below
so you can follow him thank you guys for
watching I'll see you in the morning and
I'll sign off with you then alright hey
what up guys good morning so I just woke
up and I'm going to work for a few hours
and then I'm gonna head back and not
work out today I'm gonna rest is it the
shoulder I will be back home in a little
bit I just wanted to sign off right now
because once I'm home I'm gonna put
together this vlog for you so you can
have it by Friday daytime which is now
but I had a great time last night
grabbing drinks and sushi with Josh
super cool dude I just want to say thank
you guys all for watching the vlog again
there may or may not be a package coming
today for me with the t-shirt in it I'm
not sure I might need to keep you closed
down there so if I don't get the package
I love you guys thanks for watching I'll
see you later but if I do you'll see
that okay right ah thought I heard a UPS
truck so I'm just gonna post the vlog
right now you can follow my social media
Instagram and Twitter I'll probably post
as soon as I get the shirts which I
think they're scheduled to come today
obviously guys tweet me pictures if you
get your shirts whenever you get them so
I can retweet you guys and stuff but
yeah I'm gonna end the vlog so you guys
can have it right now and I want to wait
around for some UPS guy plus he comes
later on for us so just be kind of
pointless waiting thanks again for
watching the vlog and I'll see you guys
on Monday have a great weekend alright
you
