Hey
guess how good my blogs are Jenna watch
this just now and she said I want to
blogging in cuz I'm jealous of Moyes
like I'm so jealous of all your blog you
know we know well you know what blog is
both of us what what's my blog is your
body so we can both use Bloggie
number seven in the comments if you want
to know a lot more just kidding we know
you guys we are gonna go back to the
camera so again today because we
couldn't stay away we're gonna go get a
tripod and maybe a monitor what do you
think about that mr. giraffe that's a
new pillow is very very exotic and
sexual anyway
good morning I just got home from the
gym and I had some eggs and turkey bacon
healthy things but we're gonna go back
to the camera store today because we
realized that the tripod we had is
basically like eating a filet mignon on
top of a stick that's what Jenna said
which it is cuz the tripod she has is
made for like lightweight cameras even
people buy these tripods that we have
for shooting with their iPhone it's just
really lightweight it's very easy to
travel but it's not a good heavy-duty
tripod for a big camera and our camera
is kind of heavy now so we're gonna load
a new tripod can we come back and shoot
Jenna's video but it is a beautiful day
here in the valley and I wanted to check
in with my friends so I did that hi
friends hi friends we're gonna hit the
road now see you guys in a little bit
alright
well gonna find a monitor
stop touching things I see whoa hi Jenna
this is the one we got yesterday we need
to come back here but I thought we pick
one out though what are you doing yeah
anyone recognizes liquor store like 99%
sure this is a liquor store from
Superbad yes it is that's crazy
sorry I just had to drive through that
just had to make sure because it is
alright so you just said the camera
start this guy walks by another which is
that guy
and I said you know who that is Julian s
motherfucking Gary Oldman I've loved
Gary Oldman since he was a bad guy in
Air Force One crushed my life Gary
chilly yeah you don't users that they're
like renting some ridiculous camera to
go make a documentary of shit like when
they can be a word he was the
commissioner
it's just he's a legend and he just
walked past us and I'm like touch me
touch me with your greatness scary touch
yeah that's our camera spot also
incidentally right across the street
from
the liquor store that was in Superbad I
don't know why that's such an epic
liquor store it just is it was
that's a big movies Nick 11 its mclovin
that's where McLovin gets punched by a
cold shower and then they get hit by the
car in the same hat
go try out a new tripod for the most of
you why didn't you say hi one does not
simply just say hello to get rid of it I
would have nothing to say I'm talking I
will speak for myself like whenever I
see a famous person I do not ever ever
in a million years have the balls to
just didn't call hello are you doing
never I can't trust me I have witnesses
she's been 10 feet away from us p.m.
because I can't I just know I have
nothing to say not worthy of saying
I'm livid at the peach machine right now
because this is the brand-new zebra rug
that was there I tweeted a picture of it
and she's been digging it
peachy I'm so mad at you no you know bad
this is bad bad girl been here for like
12 hours cannot tear up the rug oh this
is why we can't have nice things
see this is just like the tip of the
iceberg you guys are like where's your
house Oh such a mess I don't know dude I
thought shit I got to do today and this
little baby Goyle is such a little Oh No
chichi this is disgusting but that is
the tampon applicator oh my god that's
not a used one either you probably
pulled that out of the fuck pitch let's
just a minor girl you're so bad oh my
god she got like into a box of tampons
you're a naughty little girl oh my god
you're such a brat look it's like chewed
to pieces I know this is not used
because everything is enclosed and a
garbage can with a lid but you could
still probably get into that box you
little brats oh my god her brat knows no
bounds right now PG you have no Jill had
it Oh like why why why why why so guess
where I'm going right now I'll give you
a hand we haven't gone to the grocery
store in about a week we're out of food
I'm hungry
and my name is Julian yeah I'm going to
Chipotle I'm picking up lunch for us
because we don't really have time to go
grocery shopping today since it's video
day that leaves us with one alternative
which I mix
about I don't even know how it's
possible but I think I haven't had
Chipotle for like two weeks because
we've been so good on our diets you know
what video days an exception and it's
not even bad for you whatever suck it I
need my protein I need my rice I'm gonna
go eat food now ah what's up guys just
showing out and icing my shoulder and
having some shoulder pain from
weightlifting I'm gonna play a little
xbox and lay down while the ice and
teaches in there being rowdy is the
Chipotle's really good as soon as I
finished it I was like really sad that
it was over do you guys ever do that
this is cold yeah so we had the idea
that we wanted to litter train the
eggy's because they poo and go
everywhere in the house so we just got a
litter box and put litter in it video
and we just peace was just heading to
the door so I thought she had to go to
the bathroom so jenny was like teenager
body so we asked and we put her we just
put her in a litter box and she went she
just peed we just gave her a bunch of
treats so we're trying to turn our dogs
into cats right now and it seems to be
working which would be fucking nice if
we could do that they just love the
inside so we could pull one of those in
our fucking bedroom oh oh we're on to
something here Jenny you're brilliant
that's a stroke of brilliance who's like
that big I mean Cara fuck yeah
also I'm gonna show you guys something I
read your comments don't think I don't
read your comments and this is what's
going on the wall Dan our mofo so we're
starting right here and we're going to
just kind of dig through all other so we
have we also have more in the we had to
go to the PIO box in the garage but we
gotta go to know about people have been
asking what those of addresses we're
gonna try to get you a new address
because our old addresses in Santa
Monica and that's not that's not a good
place to send it to so we're gonna get a
new P o box out here and you get sent
more stuff to it but it could possibly
go up on this wall so anyway gonna go
back to work
hey guys I'm gonna end the vlog right
now I am in here finishing vlog and
Jenna's editing the video right now it's
definitely gonna be a little bit of a
learning process with this new camera
there's a lot of settings on it and
we're not exactly experts on how to make
the most optimal lighting or look that
our old DSLR had because the thing is
like you can do a million things with
this camera but we want to start with
step one figure out how to make it look
good at a sit-down vlog so we'll get it
with time we're gonna work on it we're
gonna do some studying right now boom
are we getting any camera stuff look who
I'm hanging out with such a loner but he
just came over to say hi to me which I
love I love when he comes over to me
because Noah's mom but we need some bro
time some more bro time going on
tomorrow I'm gonna go hang out with Josh
again Josh d-town we're gonna go get
sushi and then drinks which will be fun
because um we went to the movie the
other week we both had a good time
we'll be doing that tomorrow and we are
gonna continue decorating the podcast
room like I said we will update you with
our new p.o box as soon as that happens
I'm gonna work on that well I love you
guys thank you for watching the vlog
let's say goodbye to peach I don't even
know if you could see her she's back
there sleeping and being naughty in her
dreams
marble I'm gonna say bye he don't care
he don't give no fucks I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow
