I want to do my on camera so we're
buying silicone cases right now our
phone and the guy we got it from you
just said when you peel it open
satisfying you know what up guys so as
you guys know we are moving our podcast
room into the new room that we got
furniture for which is this room it
looks like this right now and these
giant packages are full of soundproofing
foam that I'm going to put up on the
wall right now so I wanted to show that
with you because I thought that would be
kind of cool to see that wall provides a
lot of echo and what we're gonna do is
we're gonna put these foam pieces on it
to insulate and stop the sound from
bouncing around so that's what I want to
be doing and ya see how it goes alright
so I just spent the last like probably
45 minutes working on our new podcast
room because the foam pads came in those
soundproofing pads and it is
surprisingly difficult but this is how
far I've gotten that's about half the
wall maybe a little more but I got the
rest of the pads ready to go it looks
good I'm keeping it kind of straight
there's gonna be a little room over here
there's three columns there's gonna be
four there's gonna be a little room
right there but it's looking pretty good
it already sounds better in here like
significantly better than it is so when
I'm talking like right here there is
ZERO echo and we're gonna be talking
right at that table right there so
that's what I was doing the reason I
stopped is because we ran out of
adhesive pads I ordered too few of those
bottles of these little things and they
are quite difficult to use but there's a
learning curve with them because they're
easy to get stuck
I'm really excited though because once
we finish the foam proof of the wall and
a couple other spots I might want to
proof that area right there we are
literally done with a room I mean
basically the only thing we wanted to
add to the room in terms of like the
podcast was having a cool kind of
collage of stuff right behind us because
that's where we're going to be
podcasting we don't we don't want it to
be a boring wall we want it to be
cool-looking so we're still deciding
what we should put back there I guess if
you have any ideas let us know but how
we got some cool color chairs nice that
this room is starting to come together
alright box so we're gonna go to a big
camera store all the way out in Glendale
because we're looking to get a new
camera for podcast and for Jenna's
channel and everything but we're gonna
go talk to someone who knows what
they're talking about
my camera is like five years old yeah
it's a Canon 60d I've been shooting on
it for years
yeah but we have the podcast camera
because my camera can't shoot over 12
minutes yeah so we want one camera for
ball one can the water we wanted to do
it we're hoping to maybe get a little
bit of money for the old ones we're
gonna try and trade them in at some
point yeah about five years is a long
time to use the camera and just be like
oh for sure no it's time for a new it's
time for the camera peach stop licking
the ground that's I'm going so
unladylike that is unladylike it's
unladylike it's such an aesthetic point
you're so athletic and going a little
body okay yeah we got to go we'll see
guys nice camera yeah then I got a new
camera we got a new camera that's pretty
sweet
it's a made by Canon but it's actually
made for shooting video I'm like her
dear fellow but it's a beautiful piece
of machinery and you're going to see
that when we shoot our podcast and all
of her videos from now on maybe some of
mine oh yeah that thing is sweet for you
doing
off the table Marty
yeah these climbs on the table
nightmare she's talking about the DSLR
that she's been shooting with forever so
she finally got this yes my Canon 60d
I'm also training in their handheld
camcorder so that we can make a dent in
this this camera finally will be able to
do everything that we've been trying to
do and like you know faking basically
for years is the real boy yeah it's
exciting the guy was like trying to
really sell us and I'm like dude
give it to me stop talking about it yeah
this week you guys are gonna appreciate
it
once it was on sale though too because
they're coming out with a newer one and
with the guy was like well you could
always wait for the newer one that has
like the better slo-mo and we're like
you don't understand this is like light
years ahead of what we have been working
there so just just give it to me
I want to shoot a podcast right now I
just got home for my workout and I
picked this up why does it look so
terrified of life why are you so
terrified of life so weird why are you
terrified he's so weird
he's like Norman Bates and he only is
normal when mommy's around he's weird
he's weird easkey shrieks look at the
way he's looking at me Kermit what it I
know I know it's just
you gotta hear that what do we name her
Kim what do we name it gonna name it so
pretty
it's almost as pretty as this go way up
oh three out of four you can use it
hey what's up guys so I just wanted to
say Jenna has any meat or cheese for
like weeks cuz she's been really good on
her diet she feels better when she
doesn't eat that stuff and tonight she
just really really wanted cheese so we
had some and like five minutes later
she's just completely you passed that
it's like the cutest thing I just want
to show you
Peach's hilarious she's so cute it's so
funny how she like is like me because as
a kid I was the most food driven kid in
the entire world all I ever did was eat
I was so excited about food and she is
so happy about food she'll be outside
peeing or going to the bathroom and I'll
make like one rustle of the food bag
when I'm refilling the bowl and she'll
just sprint right in she just do that
right and that was so cute when you like
the new carpet right o cooker but peach
and I are gonna sign off for the night
we hope you enjoyed today's vlog you
swallowed food oh well we're gonna go to
sleep it's pretty late see you guys
tomorrow for another vlog and don't
forget that I love you because I really
do love you well you you guys make me
happy my peach that's rude see you guys
