we're gonna get an L sub so I created a
new version of the Nene it's called the
Kishin a name you're gonna fit gonna
change the world
face up guys I hope you all had a good
weekend we had fun because Tyler
Brett's brother came to visit from San
Francisco with his girl Kat and they
basically hung out with us the whole
weekend which was awesome cuz they're
super cool we did some dancing in our
living room as we normally do on the
weekends we also played some card games
I came outside because Saturday nights
right now although you're gonna watch
this on Monday cuz I'm gonna do a
weekend vlog but it is hot as fuck in
there man and sometimes when you're
having a lot of fun break a fucking
sweat and you got to step outside catch
your cool you gotta go outside it ran
outside you got to go catch it because
when your cool runs away from you you're
in a little bit of trouble like you
gotta go find it and catch it tell that
motherfucker cool that it's yours
and it needs to stay right with you so
I'm out here chasing my cool and bounty
yet I'm gonna catch it then I'll head
back inside but I wanted to say and my
friends when I was out here oh is he a
peach she came out to catch her cool -
was he cool did you lose your cool peach
she's always hot
we ordered pizza tonight cuz Saturday
night we normally wouldn't make it but
we wanted to have pizza for everyone and
it was just gonna take a long time to
make so we ordered pizza and it was
really good and we're all eating pizza
we like finish but then we tried to like
rush over to bed mode to get drinks in
time and we've left the pizza on the
kitchen table which is fair game for the
Iggy's because they step up onto the
chair and then they're easily on the
table so what do we come home to a floor
full of pizza and Iggy's who are just
full to the brim like we I fucking got
scared and then mad because the shit's
not good for them but they're fine they
work together and then they attack it
when they know they can get food they
work together anyway that's what
happened it's been a really fun weekend
I also wanted to formally say on a vlog
t-shirts sold like crazy you guys bought
them like crazy and I want to say thank
you from the bottom of my heart like
going after putting out merchandise for
the first time is a very big deal like
it's an it's kind of a no racking thing
and it's it's not any small venture so
when I was doing it I'm very nervous
that no one was gonna buy them and when
you guys jumped out of the gate and just
fucking got up it made me so happy and
it made me happy because I knew you guys
wanted them and I was able to give that
to you so as you all know the shirts
have ended in terms of the selling
period because that's how the website
works but if you guys have demand for it
I will relaunch the campaign so you can
keep buying them so cat I'm catching my
cool out here and talking to a camera
oh hey girl you know side of the camera
hey this is Kat she wasn't she was one
you did buy her last night I did she's
the one who makes incredible cupcakes
she runs her own cupcake business out of
her kitchen I'll see you guys later I'm
gonna go be drug war
boring you guys we're just getting up
and getting ready for the day today is
Sunday I know you're gonna be watching
this in the early part of the week but
that means it's game day and although I
don't have any Patriots jerseys I think
I have a Tom Brady one but I think I
gave it to my brother but anyway I'm
wearing my Pats colors because they play
the Colts today in the AFC Championship
big fuckin day so that happens in like a
couple hours so we're hoping we can get
out for a little hike with the dog just
get them all tired and have a nice
little Sunday activity and then we can
sit down relax and watch the game I'm so
psyched for that game but I'm also
psyched to go on a hike we hadn't been
on a hike in a while thanks for fun we
had a crazy couple days of drinking in
the house with Tyler and I just
demolished the kitchen so I'm pretty
proud of that because it was a mess so I
guess I'll see you guys on the night bye
guys we are on this beautiful hike
overlooking the valley just fucking
sweet we got two dogs and Ty Jenna Thank
You dog it's it's really a beautiful
hike we miss hiking we used to do it a
lot when he lived in LA right
that's Kermit learning how to not walk
he also just peed all over himself he's
straightforward so whenever he pees like
honey always good to us
China's chest and then his arms and he
was walking around he did it for some
reason so he's just like a very special
dog anyway we miss hiking so this is
really nice it's a beautiful day it's
gonna be even more beautiful day when
the Patriots what fun did Dan Colts
we're gonna look pretty stupid if they
lose and then this is going up on Monday
pixels anyway beautiful view beautiful
girl see you guys bye
hey yeah it's so super Express meaning
changes kitchen I wanna show you I just
made mac and cheese cuz I want to make a
cheese and I'm waiting for Jenna to get
her food so I was kind of just like
walking around the kitchen there had an
idea that I would see how it tasted if I
put mac and cheese inside of the spring
roll like rice paper so let me show you
how it goes you got your mac and cheese
and you take your spring roll wrapper
and you put it in a little thing and you
add some lukewarm water leave that in
for 10 seconds or so you're so lucky you
where's Blackie Oh Jillian what are you
doing making mac and cheese pickles it's
cheat day so we're eating fun delicious
things but he had made this mac and
cheese he's really sweet because he was
waiting I ordered pasta he's really
sweet she's waiting for mine to come and
then he like came into her room with his
macaroni and cheese rats in a spring
roll like the complete spring mold my
cream cheese in it that's amore let's
try a little more 12 creativity points
Julian hold on a 12 would create again
mm-hmm was it like it's just you're not
as the rice paper it's just like having
a real fool of mac and cheese it's just
like a portable way to unite great
cheese convenient completely adorable I
am actually smitten with you Oh
portable mac and cheese mac and cheese
because I was thinking what could I do
to this
bacon I can make bacon mac and cheese
gotta make it interesting
we're still waiting for my food to get
there and then Julian decided that he
had a really great idea he wanted to try
so I put some oil in the pan and then I
pan-fried it I'm about to try it fifteen
creativity points yeah is it good you
gonna do it till the rest of them that
just makes a lot crispy it's like a
gluten-free fried mac and cheese yeah
are you pleased with yourself yeah
that's the word always wait T with
someone who's waiting for their food cuz
you never know what's going to happen no
matter what I'm doing in the kitchen she
comes right up next to where I'm
standing and just sits there and looks
at me like she's a foodie all she wants
with food sometimes I'll be cooking and
they'll look over there and I just see
her like peek out like rent from that
corner but she really is so good it's
adorable that's why I'm talking about
fried gluten-free mac and cheese bites
all you need is gluten-free mac and
cheese and some rice paper and an
imagination so good for real hey guys
that's right now vlog is having problems
so I'm exchanging Boggy for a new body
although look the same would be a brand
new version of vlogging
he's you have two issues so for instance
around right now
last vlog on original Braga
yeah we got a new buggy I'm still gonna
call you vlog vlog II and you guys can
still call vlog vlog E but basically the
lens cover when you turn it on and off
it's supposed to like auto retract to
cover the lens and mine just didn't want
to do that it was like getting stuck and
then it wouldn't close and they wouldn't
open so I'm happy I don't I got that
fuckin figured out Matt from Best Buy
Sherman Oaks
seriously stepped up to the plate and
helped me get in exchange because if I
didn't exchange it here right now I
would have had to send it to Canon and
that wasn't taken a long time so you
guys would have had to deal with me
without vlog II for like at least a week
which would have been a nightmare so
thank you Matt Sherman Oaks Best Buy
you're the man gonna go get some coffee
so I can get caffeinated because I need
it now
hey beautiful friends so that is going
to be it for today's vlogs this was a
little bit of what we did this weekend I
hope you guys enjoyed that because we
definitely did I just tweeted out that
my phone broke
it's so loud you guys wanted to see it
there's a giant crack going right
through the whole phone you see that
crack right there three days after that
case of mine broke I was at the gym each
platform has its own bench for when
you're resting and the bench is made of
like really tight round leather so
sitting on top of it and just slowly
slid off and went face down and I don't
even realize it broke until later so I'm
gonna go get it repaired but luckily
I've AppleCare so I'll be not paying a
billion dollars and also I think Brett's
gonna finally get that phone six so I'll
be fun but that is it for today's vlog
see you guys back again here tomorrow
for more cool vlogging things I hope you
guys enjoy the format on the early part
of the week where I show you what I did
over the weekend that way I technically
am vlogging over the weekend I just
don't upload do you guys get to see all
of what I'm doing of you guys are having
a good Martin Luther King jr. Day see
you tomorrow alright bye
