what up you guys
I am already cuz all the cars in front
of me have their brake lights on because
I'm in a deck load of traffic but I
wanted to get on here and say hi I'm
gonna try to get a little bit of
training footage today because I haven't
done that in a while and I've been
training hard so I want to show you guys
plus a lot of you guys like the workout
stuff so I'm gonna try to shoot a couple
clips of my training today and then I'm
headed back home for dinner and hanging
out but I will update you when I get to
the gym and when I get back home but I
want to say hi love you guys
hope you having a good Friday dicks I'm
so Calvin I give you my face and listen
your Weezer I workout you know when you
get so caffeinated that you accidentally
turn into a better version of whatever
lead singers on the radio caffeination
goals
god I'm caffeinated I love it so
inspired right now and the traffic is
dying down life is good
alright I need I need a hydrating so
don't pass out in my workout
not
maybe I'm painting
apples
Thank You ticky time eggy's eggies piggy
zyggie zyggie so many kisses and Iggy's
are you a Nikki
are you the cutest gonna do you know
we're just kidding you are just kidding
you are just kidding morning today he's
this almost as weird as holding two
ferrets at the same time that's right
peach agrees PJ Tina hello Pete Athena
Odin my baby you're just a sweet little
boy little girl ever lose your weirdness
is getting in the way of our quality
time get the camera in here get the
camera out Oh with a jealous one is she
jealous
oh it's carbon it's on the menu tonight
Italy I'm making some steak tonight
Jones got mistaken artichoke and a sweet
potato and for Suisse class and I'm
gonna have an artichoke and a sweet
potato I'm gonna make a hummus dressing
Oh almost good hummus hummus look how
cute she is
you don't you deserve a very important
radio article they wrote an article
about one of the best new radio hosts in
all radio yeah so proud of her I'm not
gonna stop it's a big deal I'm blushing
but billboard article mentioned Jenna as
one of the top new radio hosts in the
radio world which is insane because she
just started and she's already making
waves like I'm that's so sick she's just
doing it man is she doing and I'm gonna
do it we do it together I'm embarrassing
my tour it's so sexual
so you got steak an artichoke and got
black bean burgers and then
the long-awaited beads on cookies what
oh yeah all right so guys this is our
new little room that we were just using
for storage before
that's my college TV I mounted it on the
wall by myself myself it's probably
gonna fall down and then we got this
couch on Craigslist all the way in
fucking Eagle Rock right we just went
out there one night and we bought this
ottoman it came today so now we're gonna
have like a little second area to hang
out like one of us wants to play games
another one wants to watch TV will have
the option without going upstairs what
are you doing why do you is even do it
look like when you look at the room from
over like over there yeah it looks like
it the Fraser we wait too close to the
TV when you're sitting over there yeah
it looks cramped but like Jenna said
like if you want to get into like a
video game or you're watching something
that you really like want to pay
attention to it's very like nice and
enclosed so you you're not bothered by
the extraneous things in the living room
it definitely feels when it's on low
spot and we like we try to figure out
what to put here here we try to figure
out what to put here because we're like
should we get a table measured it you
just got a nod just goes in the whole
space like GM did in there it works
great I think it looked so good I think
this yeah chases facetiming me guys
chase this is the vlog vlog chase chase
blog I'm gonna go talk to chase you guys
hang out hey it's me Jenna just taking
over Jillian's blog don't tell em you
wanna get in here okay you don't know
I'm also really excited to show you that
we got we wanted to make this room like
really exciting so Julian's really
trying to get me to let him get this
like giant barrel table it's literally
just a barrel and I don't see why not
I mean we had a different plan for the
table but it would definitely be the
coolest thing in the house we found on
Etsy which is a black hole but the rug
that's going under this couch and the
ottoman is like zebra like super
exciting so it's like one of the last
things that's coming I don't want to
wait for it anymore I'm too excited like
I got a rug pad for it and the rug
that's already here fail what are we
gonna do put the rug pad down and not
the rug dad hey Jenna nice rug oh thanks
yeah it's just look at the sticky mat
it's all the rage it's the new thing but
tonight we're gonna be making some
artichokes so we got three cuz Julian
sets their little so we're going to
share the third and we're baking some
sweet potatoes right now we're about 45
minutes so it's gonna be good this is
Julian steak that he did earlier some
oil and salt and pepper and the trick is
even though I try not to eat meat as
much as possible I'm doing good having
meat in two weeks or so for those of you
that are always wondering this is
Julian's Channel I just try not to eat
meat just because it makes me feel
better
but I'm a sucker for a cheeseburger
every once in a while but haven't eaten
meat in like two weeks but the trick to
steak when you're doing it like this
this has got to be room temperature by
the time you cook it so that's why he
left it on the counter and when you
cover it in the oil the salt and pepper
you do like a thick coating of it and
then you like push it into the meat so
that it makes like a nice little cross
for when you cook it you sear it on each
side and then you put some butter over
it so yeah we're just hanging out and
Julian's facetiming with chase and
that's love it and this is the salmon
and the guys do it you forever
eating ha baby girl let's go here's a
dog a treat
press one if you want to get the dogs a
treat okay doesn't matter this is a
treat - are these are all their ear
wipes your wipes your wipes teeth wipes
okay can you sit excuse you I'd be very
excited can you wait permit no ash wait
okay see you guys late marble cam mm
here he comes
save the day marbles would you like HP
okay marble names to be fed over here
rusty it's too nervous with the other
doggies around ah excuse you okay oh I
see you didn't finish your greeny but
you can still have those are we doing
trees and tricks watch yours a lot
how'd you get that I got the bot I'm
gonna get your butt now no come on bro
cam 3012 cam but no get it going away no
no we're gonna kill man I hope you guys
have fun hanging out with Jenna when I
was on the call hey girls day yeah hey
wait follow me
all right thanks goodbye huh all right
so this is lemon dill hummus dipping
sauce homemade hummus and then we added
it to a bowl thinned it out with some
almond milk some lemon garlic dill and
it turns into this amazing dipping sauce
that we're going to use for our sweet
potato we're gonna put it on top of our
sweet potatoes to have a dinner I am
soon gonna cook my lovely looking steak
oh my god that's a well this looks good
well that's the finalized meal for
tonight I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog I mixed up a little bit through
them to work out something but that is
it for the rest of the week and then
I'll see you Monday so I hope you guys
have a great weekend I'll be on the
Twitter and everything so I'll be around
but I love you guys
Chen oh okay goodbye see you guys I look
like terrible names papers cracks Angie
yep
