hey what up you guys I got another JJ's
kitchen for you tonight I'm gonna make
homemade gluten-free tortillas and I'm
gonna make a rap with it but you can do
whatever you want with the tortillas
that's what I'm going to show you make
I'm gonna make like a chicken wrap also
on today's Jay and J's kitchen jenna is
gonna be making her own recipe which I
will let her introduce later when she
gets here to start gluten-free flour
tortillas are very hard to find in make
but we are going to do that today if
we're gluten-free people like me we are
gonna need xanthan we got baking powder
white rice or all-purpose gluten-free
flour salt brown sugar hiding behind
there some water and then a frying pan
and whatever oil you prefer so I'm going
to get started with that right now so I
just mix all the dry ingredients in one
cup of water which is called and I'm
going to mix that up nicely until it's
one dough and then going to make it into
eight balls you're going to divide it
into eight and each eight is going to be
a ball that you just kind of put back
into the ball once we're done with that
we're going to roll out all the balls so
they're flat and then cook them so we
finished all eight of the balls and
we're going to let them sit you're going
to want to keep those in a plastic wrap
until you're ready to actually cook them
so they say process that so I'm going to
do and then when we're ready to cook
them we're going to throw them on the
griddle we don't have some gluten free
tortillas hey guys I wanted to share
another quick tip with you so I'm making
a grilled chicken wrap and as you guys
know I eat chicken pretty often
especially when I'm on my diet and I'm
doing well with food which I'm starting
to do and this week has been good but I
wanted to share with you how I tend to
marinate my chicken because marinating
your chicken is like half the battle
thing it tastes good I get this stuff it
can really be any brand because this is
just kind of like a generic thing but
it's a chipotle spicy pepper dip looks
like that I learned about it because my
buddy chase anytime I would go visit him
in Texas growing up his whole family
would marinate the chicken like this and
barbecue it and it tasted so good it was
obviously a different brand but just cut
some sort of chipotle pepper or some
sort of anything that you'd like the
taste of dip because those turn in a
really good marinades it sticks to the
chicken really well
so I have done that I sliced up this raw
chicken and I am not marinating it in
that
so I will be grilling that once my
tortillas are all good to go but I just
want to show you that quick tip with you
because I know that marinating chicken
is really important when you're trying
to eat well because you have to make
that shit taste good all right so while
I wait for the me the chicken to cook I
got all my ingredients for the wrap
which is really tasty look at I got
Tomatoes with olive oil salt and pepper
Mayo a couple slices of turkey bacon
arugula goat cheese and then of course
our wrap which we will make our
tortillas with and while I'm doing this
Jonah's over here creating another
masterpiece right now when you cook this
we're gonna make smashed potatoes with
avocado aioli and I'm going to make
brussel sprouts
roasted with some balsamic and then a
bean salad let me tell you that avocado
aioli noticed me avocado aioli that shit
is dope this is uh what it looks like
cuz we finished already it's the most
important part we did it first oh yeah
it tastes like what does it taste like
garlicky avocado goodness tastes like
senpai notice me notice me so we have
Jenna's Brussels sprouts and we're going
to put a little olive oil on them and
we're going to throw them in the toaster
oven for like 15 minutes so they roast
and then we're going to put our balsamic
reduction on which Jen is going to get
to a little bit that's intense
a balsamic reduction Jenna Jenna told me
that reducing vinegar is really cool
it tastes old one
so I'm going to cook my tortillas now I
have my cutting board ready with some
white rice flour and I'm going to roll
out each ball flat as thin as I can
possibly roll it out and then put a
little olive oil in the pan pop it on
there and cook one to two minutes on the
first side and then like 1 min on the
second side until it like puffs up and
I'm done but I will see how this goes
hey Kenneth yeah I really need that
fucking little handheld citrus juice
just struggling with the juicing good
juicy look it I know that's a really dry
line like we're already done the line
aside oh by the way Jenna's bean salad
has kidney beans pinto beans black beans
different bell peppers a little jalapeno
about the seeds and a red onion and it
looks banging I'm in olive oil apple
cider vinegar lime some spices it's all
good
apple cider vinegar for those who don't
know is one of the best dressings ever
so good all right let's do these
tortillas fuck yeah
all right so I just basically made PITA
it's not gonna fit
I mean this thing is a cardboard pita I
mean it's not gonna Bend into a rack so
something's wrong with his recipe I
didn't really do my homework on the
recipe so I'm paying for that now I'm
calling an audible now I'm gonna add
some flour and an egg to the recipe see
if it starts to stick more together and
can thin out into like a softer more
tortilla tortilla so let's see how that
goes
hoorah my first tortilla it's a pizza
you could make a pizza not what I wanted
but now am i setting her to you because
I added an egg and some extra flour
jen is over there starting with the
potatoes yeah I thought I got little
potatoes but I got big potatoes so these
mashed potatoes are gonna be like I
don't know just about little potatoes
they're usually like you know this big
and you can eat them with your hand not
the case in Jim Jays kitchen but my beet
salad is good mm-hmm little distributed
little distribution this is what our
second go at the tortilla looks like
it's a lot better it's not very
malleable see it's kind of stiff still
but it's definitely more of a tortilla
so I'm happy about that that we will try
to make a wrap out of so this is what
we've come up with they're going to be
more like tacos but this is the fail
episode of Gina's kitchen so it matches
up right I'm gonna try it now let's see
how this works it's like a giant taco
yeah but it's like a flatbread it's like
a flatbread divided assassinated by mail
Wow
I'm happy with that it's pretty good
like I tasted the shell he has a little
thick but honestly for a fucked-up
episode this dish go don't take it
wait turn fail until wig Julianne good
work this is called the at least you
tried episode of James's vision Julianne
tornado so really is a a flatbread but
I've never had flatbread so this is
really good it tastes good it's like it
doesn't taste as bad as I thought it was
going to when I was making the dough I
was like this doesn't seem right it
didn't so the recipe is really fucked up
basically was just a bunch of flour in
water
and it didn't work so I added an egg and
I got the flatbread so we were gonna eat
now I hope you enjoy this tornado
episode of Jay and J's kitchen it was a
complete failure but not really because
this is really good so I'm gonna go eat
this
I love you guys I'll see you later
thanks for watching but we're going to
try flat weights in America for the
first time and narak in Starbucks now
makes flat whites and we heard about it
from Rome in a couple people - yes but
we're trying it for the first time and
it's really good it was like our
favorite drink tab in Australia and just
straight flat lights cuz just tastes
like different than our coffee with yeah
that's pretty good
yeah I mean you can still tell that it's
American coffee in Australia Australian
coffee man they know what they're doing
they know their way around the feed Nick
I said shit Kofi I'm terrible at real
quick
sushi it's really shit coffee these
coffees rad there hey Rach Radney okay
now we're just being offensive sorry I'm
sorry I'm pouring a drink our flat
lights now well I'm super pregnant by
the way she's gonna give birth in
February
she's mad fucking pregnant yeah like
early if I were carrying a giant little
child it's really cool though she's
excited Cheers Tyrone
cheers to Rome and Bowie
time to navigate this fucked-up parking
lot
you
