hey guys let's go see was happening
outside what are you doing what are you
doing Oh No Kiki what are you doing
are you sunbathing good boy yo oh the
weird one
give me the weird one Kermit's been
seriously losing it when I come home now
like in Jenna's vlog a while ago like
hailey cries he's so nervous why is he
so nervous
stop car me nervous stop calling me
nervous and then when you get to the Sun
he's like asleep do you want me to put
your friend down is that what you want
me to put him down so you could play
Kermit here's a question for you can you
give a hook
he's like asleep did you have them work
out earlier which reminds except my body
hurts that's why is wearing my tights my
cool looking very cool looking tight to
show us my but also I just found out
that Pizza Hut is going to be making
gluten-free pizza and they're doing it
with Moody's which is a really reputable
gluten-free brand and they're
guaranteeing that it's going to be like
a gluten-free kitchen and it's going to
be safe unlike Domino's which is not
that way so I was really excited to hear
that
it's a celiac win props the Pizza Hut
for teaming up with Rudy's that's like a
really cool thing cuz I bought booty's
bread and pizza and all sorts of stuff
forever for them to like have the idea
to actually go through a brand that has
been reputable in the gluten-free
community for so long to like it's
obviously a lot harder you could have
just done it the way Domino's did it by
just making oh hey there's gluten-free
crust but then it's like not a safe
environment people get sick whatever
there's no guarantee but doing it this
way it takes longer but it's worth it so
we'll be having some cheat meals at
Pizza Hut
or should I say Pizza Hut's gonna be
joining us for cheap meals we're not
going anywhere we're ordering hopefully
they have it in our area all right
I'll see you guys a little bit we
finally got into trivia crack and we've
been playing Jenna most mostly he's been
playing non-stop well what do you think
of the ads
the home of war she caused it I think
they won't stop the Kate Upton game of
war adds the the biggest sellout in the
history of everything oh how to eat
somehow Julie's gotta feed them titties
somehow PO of war what would that game
be like like you played the Kate Upton
and you just go around having sex with
everyone in the war is it a free app or
is that like a paid download also do you
get to share your score of how many
people you slept with in the war on
Twitter a quick little note I've been
really excited that you guys have jumped
on the t-shirts the way you have it is
encouraging you need to make more so I
hope that you guys are proud of
yourselves
for buying the shirts as soon as I put
them out because that's going to make me
create more shirts but I want to say
thank you for supporting and being
awesome so Jenna was asking peach to
give her like give her the belly and
teach like she wasn't touching her and
like it was driving peach nuts so now
we're trying to do it again right good
it's just going like physically you get
it badly and she's getting really upset
please give me a belly give me another
one scratch give me down give it a jelly
belly
open them up give me a belly okay okay
hey it's okay baby go okay what
Stephen it's amazing like she's so
adorable and cute and weird but like
every single day she illuminates how
weird Kermit really is I don't even know
how to describe it
Kermit is just weird all around and like
having peach not be that weird all the
time putting a spotlight on Kermit's
weird Atty I don't know what he's just
it was pretty weird
that was pretty menacing like she's a
goofy dog they're goofy dogs but then
Kermit just like like the scene what is
it and why is it so M where you just
give her the belly damn it look at my
coils
those are my coils good boy good boy
kisses boo boo well she hasn't learned
rollover or like play yeah I like
Kermit's version where he like lays on
his back and then gets up here to say
roll over any good just rose I got ya oh
my fake tan is looking not right in this
light ha ha welcome to JJ's kitchen
where Jillian's filling up some money
then guys want some forcemeat mmm
sweetie
yeah so we're gonna make something I
used to eat all the time when I was
little kids but all the recipes online
are like super Paula Deen II just like
butter and sugar that's ugly
yeah three yeah you right
we wanted to make some baked apples for
sweet for dessert so we're basically
just gonna cut these Gala apples down
the middle just so that you don't eat
all the seeds and stuff we're going to
bake them at 375 for like half an hour
45 minutes whoa so pretty champion what
you do in PD and Mills we didn't
juggling you did we did square dancing
oh we did give up you didn't wait till
8th grade to play like football
basketball baseball what yeah it was
like here to earn your keep with weird
ass shit
wait what I'm gonna cut it right doing
what I thought we're gonna bake them
whole you learn something new every day
JJ's kitchens beautiful know if you
caught him in half the little probably
big for last time yeah gone you know
what I mean then you just pour the ice
scrambling on top of it yeah what
happened sorry after Julian fuck's up
the Apple when you do next oh well I
actually in to cut them so it was half
my fault by not explaining that I just
wanted to core them well just bake them
for a little less time and while they're
in half right
yeah well should we have them skin down
then yeah we'll just improvise and it's
getting weirder hi shaggy it's so real
this J and J's kitchen is sodium I'm
boiling some water cuz you got to put a
little bit in the bottom of the pan to
keep them moist fucking dick moist good
technique fuck you Dale so stepping out
of the shower she grabs me by the Wiener
girl whoa that's cool
hmm all right doing was she just still I
was like telly on the calm down because
he's already ruined us like five times
and he just dropped like for the apples
on the ground and then rinse them off
and tried to not have you see it
wait wait Julian what I didn't come to
play today
no you did it trolling alright that's
probably good just to keep moisture in
the pan Juliette like raining soon yeah
but you're making a mess Holly with a
Chance of cinnamon Oh oh my god this
sucks
Julian gonna because hey no no to the
end I'm ruining genius good to do that
you're lucky I just caught your vlog e
or else he would have fallen to his
death
so you let them bake for like 40 minutes
or so because we want to be nice and
mushy that's how they look like so nice
they look at it oh yeah remember me now
don't point your mouth mmm it tastes
like mom's will put meaning changes Oh
alright see you guys next time Wow into
the cavity girlfriend swim yes very nice
feels very good kind of interference is
it blood it's so glad you decided to go
swimming yes Karen where everyone is rub
the caca
it feels so quad you just begun I was
napping and then they woke up okay
I did it fell for this too I'd like to
jump into the carpet for a swim I just
when I got out I was like oh my god you
know that I'm gonna get back into the
comic pool was running yeah
and so excited like know what get your
perm peach not sniffing mommy's bot -
she's a trash man
she's a trash man yeah look how luscious
my hair is so when all the dogs eat
together peach is really careful for
stand here until models gets mad for
some reason do this really tries to tell
her to get get herself an order and then
peach will when she gets a chance she'll
grab like five pieces of food and then
leave and then have a picnic somewhere
else good Kermit knows that mom's lived
at alpha he liked what she did so in
there we - you're the bottom of the page
here the bottom baby you're the baby you
gotta earn your keep turn steal a hook
Kermit's mouth see the big Kermit wait
boy it's learning how to get in the
permit just got added hardcore trying
good he's like we're waiting make final
strike me a second dude third bitch okay
how many pieces okay one two three four
five and she's eating one she like has
picnics
Pete you get in there go get some food
go come on make your daddy proud go get
some food
you're menacing robber you playing yes
the only time I don't feel safe enough
to play Georgia showed up that my arms
been bothering me Mara was licking like
directly on it mighty like ferociously
licking the spot that's been killing me
all night magical healing be well like
I've always been impressed when they
like lick your wounds you know but this
is something that's like completely not
a parent just from looking at it wishes
I've never had it happen to me it feels
feels very good good instinct yeah it's
like it's like his pain that's starting
in my back and like my scapula it's like
there's not in there so it's causing all
sorts of nerve pain down my arm baby I
be he's a sweetheart
he's a ferocious little sweetheart
it would you beat it man we were just
helping her up with your penis I just
want to say thank you for that I really
appreciate you trying to heal me she
already feels it already feels a little
bit better
Oh permits out you're done for now yeah
peach no I had to like play hockey with
paint with my feet she's out she's e
she's out so whenever Marvel is with his
mom like on top of her chest or cuddling
her and I'm near and we're like locked
eyes cuz mom's like locks eyes with me
sometimes like we just stares he stares
at me and then I look at him and then
suddenly we're just like an alpha off
and so when Marbles gets picked up by
Jenna while he's on her chest and he's
looking at me
he thinks that somehow I'm using the
force to pick him up so he growls like
Marvel it's me I'm thinking you up thank
you guys for watching the vlog skew me
I'm signing off I'm saying hi my friends
press 2 if you want Jenna to do another
hair tutorial on my head a DDL all right
no more take hands when we're drinking I
want to say also thank you guys so much
for jumping onboard with all the
t-shirts that I just put out you guys
seem really like them which is awesome
now is the part of the network Jenna
picks at me and rooms my scandal it's
really cute it's cute it's cute touch
didn't it Oh how do you like the knit
wouldn't it good nip wouldn't it see you
guys tomorrow hope you have a good day
we love you oh god yeah we're gonna go
get some rest tonight but I friend
