are you trying out the new ring but the
thing is sick welcome to Jillian's J&J
kitchen except most more likely just J
as in that J it is underwear Julian are
you gonna make us some delicious dessert
yeah boy
what's on the menu the menu is
caramelized bananas and almond ice cream
which you just buy so just caramelized
bananas we caramelized bananas these
ones are mine cuz they're like green and
hard I really like ones are not the
green one for smaller ones oh you're
gonna chop up your bananas to take two
tablespoons of coconut oil or butter
whatever you prefer we're using two
tablespoons of brown sugar but a little
brown sugar in there with her baby but
never ya know something like I'm done
with my brown sugar what a way to go
excuse you see that aren't you they're
just creeping on your hammies show us
the handy
that's your last turn - he little bit
and get these gone get it nice and oily
because that's what it's gonna turn the
whole thing into like a nice syrupy
texture are you all right what are we
doing now well you want to just let it
cook a little bit crisp taste one no
it's too hot it's been from the mill I
don't do that it hurts
I don't know your mouth is like Mira
steel after my mom actually did
Kushiel's like in his bestest mouth
we're done what's just that the bubble
like that I'm an expert and you want
like faded in the oil and sugar fat and
sugar fat we're gonna eat out of mugs
cuz we got all our clothes dirty for
Barrowman oh this is not a rest of the
on Pinterest trillion just made it with
his green right bananas they're a thing
or is it just caramelize out front you
know it's really good
we were try a bite so they can see how I
did it okay
in the picture cam mm Oh
go Kim Kim Kim the dogs them up and eat
them that steps two and three combined
in to come hungry we're making a hat why
do you think I should have friends I
have a little bit of excellent cheese
I'm gonna eat a little bit my grind
cheese then I'm gonna eat these leftover
Brussels press six if you think I should
eat mac and cheese press seven and even
guys should eat Brussels sprouts with
the balsamic reduction press four
yes you can my dad is not a full press
for if you then there should be all
these things and press 9 if you know
that I'm trolling noises refrigerator
thanks Gemma here upcoming bridge hey
guys my t-shirts are fucking ready
they're happening right now I'm gonna
link in the description where you click
to go reserve your t-shirt basically I
set the number at 30 so 30 people need
to reserve a t-shirt before they start
printing them once they start printing
them as many of you will be able to buy
one it's not limited to 30 that's just
the number they need to take to start
printing but they're out there ready you
can go look at it right now
let's get caffeinated teachers I'm so
psyched I worked with a designer named
Nicky flux she was incredible basically
she tweeted at me this rough sketch of
what the design is and I was like that's
so sick
so we worked together and that's her
design she's fucking talented I'm also
gonna link her stuff hopefully we'll
fill that number up really quick and
we'll start getting them out to you guys
I can't wait to get one just so excited
right now so I hope you guys like the
t-shirts let me know what you think I'll
be tweeting this stuff out too so you
can see it but yeah this is it let's get
caffeinated t-shirts I hope you guys
enjoy that little dessert section of the
cooking blog I know we normally do meals
but we decided that we'll we'll start to
include desserts in our vlogs let me
show you what we're cooking in the
kitchen also I'll include the link if
you guys want to get the shirt I'm
wearing virus is pretty sweet stuff they
sent me anyway thank you guys for
watching and thank you guys for being so
patient with the shirts because I know
and then you guys had to just wait but
the finally ready so I'm really excited
go reserve your copy if you want one so
we can tell the world how we caffeinate
I'm so caffeinated right now isn't that
appropriate it's so appropriate that I'm
caffeinated talking about my lip kit
caffeinated t-shirt I also have a
surprise for you guys I am making a
second teacher with a completely
different design that I think you guys
were really gonna dig that one is going
to be released tomorrow so we'll start
with these let's get caffeinated and
then I'm gonna have the the next t-shirt
ready to go I think you guys are really
gonna like it I'm so psyched about those
two t-shirts I'll let you guys know
details on the second t-shirt I want to
keep it a little secret though because
when you see it I want you to be
surprised so we got t-shirts comment
t-shirt goals I love you guys thank you
for watching the vlog see you guys
tomorrow let's - okay bye
baby I'm feeding
