Hey look up go goodbye mmm fuckin of a
mobile you wanna call outside go outside
bitch Johnny's been singing aggressive
songs to peach I turned around and she
was being very very come closer it was
between that and her just like literally
having a conversation with Kermit's
crying he cries and she just talks to
the cry I don't even know how I'm
holding a camera right now but we have
to leave so early in the morning yeah
her hair almost didn't survive that perm
yo anyway we're going to a wedding
tomorrow okay I woke up changed some
coffee ends not down in that chair and I
just got up and finished it is a p.m.
and Jenna endured and wrote and recorded
her radio show we had a clean impact
latest Wi-Fi it's at like 8 2000 x gate
B 23 I'm just kidding this vlog is gonna
continue tomorrow
Rhona Jenna's best friend's wedding
you've actually met Jo haven't they met
we played crazy ping-pong that one time
unwrap the yum is getting married that's
yes I true unwrap the young when we were
in Jenna's car and playing unwrapped the
young your first job it's called them
wrapped yeah that's Joe she's getting
married so long story short our episode
of NASA last minute trips the eclipse
video is finished
and by the time you're watching this
it's up so go check it out
no don't don't point at her don't point
at her little bitch you will bitch you a
blackballed bitch you know she's not my
daughter but you don't listen you're
technically a bitch she's manipulating
you know that's manipulation anyway as
shitty as it is that we have to leave
tomorrow I'm excited to get on a plane
and actually be with Jenna this time
okay you can't say I don't want to be on
the vlog and then just do that the whole
time I'm in here no idea what I'm gonna
be able to edit this vlog but say it
we are in the woods of Pennsylvania
right now where it was the town we're in
somewhere that's but I need the keys
right here for a wedding and we just
traveled all day and literally just
arrived this is our car so the wedding
is tomorrow and it's just before 9 p.m.
right now East Coast time we're checking
into our hotel and I'm pretty hungry so
we're gonna I guess do some
investigating to see if there's any food
for us special diet ones out here but I
did see a sign for Scranton PA
it smells like pure scum right now like
just the skunky is smell I've ever
smelled ever
right here in three two one
all that for nothing we're naked come on
we're naked
we're naked I'm exhausted I already go
hunt for food really go hunt
quickly get our midnight Pennsylvania
syrup Tupperware and chips and drinks oh
did it for me me believe for me bit I'm
making stuffing on the floor can you
explain this process please yeah I'm
gonna put this fucking nut butter at all
microwave boil it then make me some
stuffing because I'm hungry some shit
what have I done
Stephie how's it it's my car accident me
oh you can already smell it that smells
like fresh content it spoiling things
like dye cover you let it sit for like
five minutes
stuffing oh look yes after all that I
realized that there's literally just
microwaved directions below it that are
slightly different weights are you
saying you didn't read the directions
alright having some delicious
microwavable pad thai Jenna how's how is
the stuffing on the floor
guys we we do fine dining in these
hotels okay
good morning from somewhere Pennsylvania
we woke up a little bit ago and now I'm
just going for a little flight oh man it
makes me appreciate these little trips
that Jenna and I take sometimes because
I've been on so many last-minute trips
recently that I kind of forgot what this
feels like to just like not have a
shooting schedule to not have to shoot
but like come out here and just discover
a new place kind of like normally
there's room for both but we're going to
the waiting soon and I guess my point is
I'm having fun not working
