what up guys I got another little JJ's
kitchen for you right now
tonight you're making black bean tacos
it's a very quick and simple recipe but
it's very good although there's only a
few ingredients the key to making this
really tasty
what are you doing peach is doing each
step right so if we're going to need our
ingredients right here two cans of black
beans salt chili powder green chillies
cheese sour cream which I haven't gotten
out cuacamole salsa which are still in
the fridge olive oil and your choice of
tortillas I'm having three tacos she's
having two so we're going to do first is
we're gonna strain both cans of black
beans throw them in this pot turn on low
to medium heat just to get it going now
that we got our beans in the pan we're
gonna turn on low to medium heat a
little bit of olive oil a little bit of
salt not all this all yet and just get
it going what's over here
this is the can opener head his name is
Larry hey guys it's me Larry
welcome to Larry's kitchen today on
Larry's kitchen we will be making
something from the can but uh sorry
Larry is not invited to JJ's kitchen I
just have everyone know then there is
our friend where is stupid and all out
of the house how dare you I'm gonna put
him in the trash can outside
how would you open cans without Larry
whatever Larry you can pipe on so over
here I got our tortillas ready but I put
a little olive oil on them and then I'm
going to put it in this toaster oven at
200 degrees and just let it sit there
for like 10-15 minutes while we cook the
rest of dinner because it don't need to
really cook it just needs to stay warm
and get a little crisp meanwhile Jen is
taking over with the beans how those
looking baked touches your neck now
Jenna's Jenna's going to explain what
we're gonna do with the black beans as
they are finish cooking we're cooking
them a number
puttin some salsa in them so it's like
mixed in with beans it's a fiesta beans
it's a PS of the beans it's a bean yes
stop being fiesta that's what's going to
happen but we're going to wait so the
black beans are all cooked to do that
because you don't want to cook this all
set we're gonna throw this also and mix
it around so it's one nice little thing
and then we'll get the national you do
hey guys welcome back to Larry's kitchen
over here I got some some green chilies
oh I'm gonna open that okay time to go
over to Julie fuck you Larry
hey Julie hurry get out of here it's had
it with me today had it do you take the
chili powder as the bean start to cook
you're just going to throw some of that
in here give a little bit of flavor
because just salt sometimes doesn't do
the fucking trick you need a little
chili powder little chili P well chili P
bitch Shelby P it sounds like a rapper
well no that was Jesse Pinkman the
secret ingredient what he was cooking
that up on his own but when you join up
with a master they cut that shit out
it's getting there so little friends
what are you doing what are you doing
surreal or deep cooking pretty fast I'm
going to throw this hen just where you
belong hello there friend what are you
doing over here
that's not their home that's your home
that's not good for it looks like we're
in a glamour shot now you guys have seen
what we're doing here before we did you
pull it right we did the sour cream with
the chilies that's what we're doing
again because it tastes really good
adds finesse here's our yeah we
accidentally bought whole chilies you
meant to buy the little pieces of
chilies so you just gotta fucking cut
them up I don't want to miss out on all
the green chili goodness so I want to
make something all right so if you're
going the vegan route you will mix your
chilies and walk more give it finesse
right finesse finesse and then over here
which is gonna do the honors of putting
the chilies in my sour cream you're not
she's not eating it because she's such
as we have dogs what is it it's in our
house how do they get in our house
there's another one there's two
Oh em actual G so this is the best part
take two salsa and put it in there so
this is gonna just kind of mix into one
thing with the beans in the salsa I read
it on Pinterest Pinterest is life notice
me Pinterest notice me spend Pinterest
okay so once your sauce is in you're
gonna throw a little last dab of salt
because we only did a little earlier
talk about more salsa notice to me send
salsa hi girl you ready for the
finishing touch
yeah show us I have some Daiya cheese oh
that's very exciting
Thank You Julian oh yeah and this isn't
sniffles okay good fats and proteins and
fibers so this is what you're gonna get
which is not half bad at all it's half
good these look good taste as good
nightmare yo oh my god they must taste
amazing that no these these look really
good I'm excited
tell us for sure that's gonna be enough
tacos for all your muscle children
children its bomb I meet you guys
what are you doing nothing what are you
doing
it's J and J and J's nips kitchen save
idea my God thank you for watching
you
