I want to show you what Julian is doing
right now Julian what are you doing
that's disgusting
there's like jamming into your mouth as
much as hot you don't even like snacking
on it
well you just jam it down your throat
you don't feel like a vegetable goals do
you know just show me done your mouth on
the other choice and then you're gonna
be a vegetable good logic can I help you
we just spent like all night on the
computer looking for new furniture and
shit for the house because we've
basically been neglecting not by choice
but we've been neglecting three rooms
out of the house the office which had a
giant leak so we had to clear out of the
entertainment room which we cleared all
the office stuff into and then the arts
and crafts room which we really just
been using for storage so we decided
together that it was time to really make
use of all the room we have in this
fucking house and we're paying for and
you know make it a house so we're
starting to buy things for each room
we're gonna make like a podcast set up
and and vlogging set up in the room that
we used to have as the storage room
we're gonna move everything back into
the office I know that sounds really
boring whatever but I'm really excited
we spent a lot of time getting shit
online and we're not even close to done
but it's a big project and we're gonna
do it together and I'm excited and I
feel like we're just gonna enjoy the
house so much more we're like not
getting our fucking money's worth
because we just weren't using the whole
house but we will be now you just want
to let you guys know what was up as we
start to have more room usage in the
house we're gonna have a clearer mind
said in a clearer living space and
everything's gonna be easier socially
night it's going to bed right now you
guys are gonna be watching this day
after today so tomorrow you're gonna be
watching this got work in the morning
and then I'm gonna go meet up with
Matthew Santoro for lunch
cuz he's in town so we're gonna grab
some sushi and that is what's happening
with me I just want to check back in Lee
you guys hope you're getting caffeinated
caffeine is life notice need caffeine
and you guys already know I'm working on
the Sharks they're gonna be ready soon
I'm gonna start making that happen I
know you guys are anxious I'm just as
anxious as you it's gonna happen anyway
hope you having a good Friday see where
I go next all right oh now socks socks
is what we're doing now you just watch
you anything won't you peach Athena
you're so cute Akane you get mad your
little face you know what's going on
guys I just finished lunch and now I'm
back at work finishing up a couple
things I'm gonna head home tonight for
the rest of it I'm pretty sure we're
just gonna keep plugging away at getting
our house kind of fixed up with our new
furniture and my project is to fix up
the new podcast room with walls that
won't make the sound echo so I'm gonna
go to Guitar Center and try to figure
out something to solve that problem so
after I'm done here I'm gonna head home
and I'll see you guys there later I'm
proud of you so proud feeling very
hungry
you can have a dress to look good kiss
vloggy
I know Varghese vlog is the pathway to
our friends it's past buggy that's what
my friends with that buggy gets us to
her okay thanks anyway you guys hi I
hope you're having a good day this is
gonna be the lab part of the vlog
because I have to do some things today
we're gonna continue to buy things
online and furniture like Craigslist
shit like that to get the stuff that
we'll do with our room projects so we're
still going strong with that which is
exciting but yeah mainly just getting
our house together and putting together
this vlog for you guys too you can have
it on Friday and Saturday which is today
so I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog I
hope you guys have a great weekend
and I really do love all of you we are
feeling really grateful today so I just
hope you guys know much we care about
you and I also realized that you guys
really dig mock so mock might have to
make some more regular appearances on
this channel off to ask her but she's
being a real I don't want to say
anything bad she might be listening I
hope you guys have a great weekend I'll
talk to you guys soon and I'll see you
Monday for the next vlog all right later
