this is mocks tutorial nice trading air
it's called have someone else do
it for you care of my face camera so
once my hair is done because she's
saying it so slow yeah you have
like are you made of molasses pounds of
hair are you molasses she's gonna finish
this and then I'm gonna cut my makeup
arm like so good they thought your
makeup done mock just mocks people I'll
get to the makeup tutorial went over the
hair tutorial so you can just calm down
oh come when's mom's gonna draw her life
you think mark should draw her life yeah
I guess let me know typing your stupid
computer if you think I should do it I
draw my life I just so interesting I
don't even know if I want to share with
you classic Hugh Cameron get on my face
while the back you've already fabulous
the French I need to catch up so my hair
really thick and great only more great
my hair can't get a little worthless yes
traitor then my hair doesn't want to do
what you want us to do my hair is just
take your orders my hair would take my
orders my hair respects me
RESP mom what are you doing in my hair
texture are you coming my hair I came
here to get straightened whatever I just
need to get the makeup that's most
important part how you doing like that
curl mock's hairs such finesse yeah but
what if you liked ended or something do
what you have to do alright you're the
expert I can't okay see you do when
there's everything useless what that I
have a man head hmm
so this is h OT d or h OT n because it's
the night
hashtag h o TM because jenna or Jenny
or John or whatever her name is just did
this to my hair
and I think it looks okay I'm just
wasn't the greatest but whatever I'll
try it
next we're going to do my makeup so this
is my l otan
the hashtag look of the night the
lipstick I have on is made by a John
Jonathan John you can't buy it though
and then my hair is done by Jena girl
and then my hairband is actually my bra
it was ripped so that's what that is
my necklace it was given to me by David
Beckham and then that's not it so for
all the other makeup I'm wearing I just
don't know how to describe it so
normally I just put this face on and
it's normal and that's what I do so hope
you guys can use this look as
inspiration to try to be as great as me
but um right now I'm gonna go shoot a
video which is why I'm doing this whole
look I'm helping Jenna I want to be in
her video she paid me like three million
dollars just for one video so happen I
know well anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
this tutorial because make it to Tucker
I did I did
you didn't it was a tutorial you didn't
tell I didn't even know what even a
tutorial even is good yeah I did
mocking lipstick um watching all these
shows who trigger a lipstick for dinner
because I did cuz that's how I eat mom
do you know what it it's so low in
protein do you know what tutorial means
yeah I just did one tutorial tribe eggs
beautiful girl means that you teach
someone how to do something
did you guys or did you not learn like
everything I just did I moved on so if
you don't want to move fast and learn
things fast and be it big leaks in the
touchdown then you shouldn't be watching
my channel subscribe but hey thanks for
watching guys my channel so if you like
this video let me know horse I'll be
back whenever I want to be back because
I'm unlock time I'll see you guys later
bye
subscribe
