what's going on guys so for tonight
Jenny and J's kitchen I'm going to be
making gluten-free pot stickers so we're
going to be making the dough the filling
everything I'm going to make a couple
vegetarian for Jenna so she can have
some with just the vegetables in the
filling so I'll set aside some just for
her but I'm going to get started with
the process of making the dough the
filling everything you're going to see
all that I'm really excited because I
haven't had dumplings in forever and
they're so good hard to find them gluten
free so we will get started with that so
for the filling you're going to need
four and a half cups of cabbage salt one
package of extra lean ground pork ginger
garlic gluten free soy sauce sesame oil
and two large eggs that's for the
filling for the dough of our dumplings
or epoxy kurz we're going to need 2 cups
of flour it says tapioca flour but I'm
using gluten-free all-purpose because
that normally works great a cup of
cornstarch white rice flour baking
powder
xanthan gum a little bit of water and a
little bit olive oil so that's what's
going to go into the dough first thing
we're going to do is we're going to
pulsate or food process our cabbage it's
4 and 1/2 cups so we're going to make it
really fine and once we're done with
that we're going to add salt to it while
we get the garlic ready okay get the
garlic out of the jar so we got all the
cabbage finely chopped from the food
processor and you want to put it through
a strainer when it's done so there's
like no moisture in it you're going to
end up with about like now a cup because
it's all small and shrunken of cabbage
so we're going to do is we're going to
salt the cabbage it's going to be like a
tablespoon and a half of salt on it once
that's in there you're going to throw
all the filling ingredients and then fix
it up and just let it sit while we start
creating the dough so we're going to add
the eggs ginger garlic our gluten-free
soy sauce and our sesame oil one last
thing I like to add to this is a little
bit of chopped up scallions just because
I love scallions you can just like
throwing your little flair with kind of
stuff like that if you want
and then you're going to mix this up and
let it sit and of course you can't
forget your pork so I'm going to throw
the ground pork in here mix it all up so
it's nice and seasoned and let it sit
then so this is what it's going to look
like nice and seasoned it looks really
tasty it smells really tasty
so we're going to let this sit like I
said start up with the dough and then
we're gonna get cracking with these
dumplings
I'm palm fan it smells so good looks
like a mess
well kneading the dough dough dough
uptown dough you up uptown dough you up
I need any four feet shorter than I am
the oddest thing that's alright
Oh LT Sherman the ultimate showman so
once this is done we're gonna get the
right consistency we gotta add a little
more water and a little more cornstarch
add some help yeah we're gonna need more
water no more water oh look at all these
dishes I'll clean them we can clean them
together relationship the holes how much
I added a little extra you could roll oh
nice go walk making gluten-free dough in
any sense
harder than making regular dough because
of how it's harder to stay together but
the xanthan gum is like the number one
ingredient that you need in order to do
everything stop and as you turn into a
dog so which is awesome I'm so safe so
we're gonna take this over to our dough
station go with it you look at what I'm
making it's kind of like what I made
last night except this chili instead of
a baked hmm
mom got me that for Christmas it's
dumping cubics I think we're gonna try
to use that mix four at a time if you
opened this and looked at it yes right
okay I'll take it over to the dough
station
all right oh I see I think you lay it
down maybe like that like you lay the
dough in and then the filling and then
you go oh no so our only oh there's some
English up there but most of the
instructions are in other languages it
looks like you roll the dough out then
you cut it with that guy that guy and
then you lay it into the things and put
the filling in and then your smash arm
shot and then you're like look at my
hands and they're like oh I get a bit
ugly
oh when there's like some extra dough in
the middle cool
easy easy dumpling cube good work don't
thank you
good vlog Jana all right so I got flour
on the camera camera so we got the dough
nice and dry ready to work with our
hands so I won't stick this is nice bump
little ball here so we're going to start
rolling it out I'm not going to use a
rolling pin I'm just going to use my
hands but we got some flour on the
cutting board we're just going to make
it a little flat I rolled flowers we go
to keep it nice and dry and workable and
basically when we get it thin but not
too thin we're going to cut out circles
about three and a half to four inch
circles diameter once that's done we're
going to see if this little dumpling
maker works
if not we'll just do it by hand but on
the point is we're going to need a bunch
of little circles for our dumplings and
once we have them in circles we are
going to add the filling so I'll see you
guys
not about that small food the reason why
that dumpling maker is not going to work
is it's a great dumpling maker thanks
mom I really appreciate it but they're
made for like smaller dumplings and I'm
not about small food
he just has my friend mark he hates
small food hey there so that was quite a
bit of work but we yielded about 19
dumplings and I got a lot of filling
leftover which I'm fine with because
it's a great leftover for like a protein
filled snack you got a lot left over I
think I might have put a little more
than a pound of meat in there which is
why it got kind of unbalanced but we
have our beautiful array of dumplings
and those are Jenna's I made Jenna some
vegetarian ones but what we're going to
do now we are going to pan fry them for
like one to two minutes and then we're
going to throw some saltwater in or
broth to steam them for a couple minutes
once that's done we are finished so I'm
so sorry I'm getting ready to eat let's
do it
all right so that is how you make
gluten-free dumplings I know it's going
to take a little while but it is worth
it I'm about to eat here right now
and I want to show you real quick these
are the vegetarian ones that I made for
my girlfriend because she is not eating
me right now
these have no meat in them but yeah I
shall eat it now the dipping sauce I
created very simple it's a rice vinegar
sesame oil chili oil and soy sauce so
I'm going to try it it's really good
the dough is definitely a little thick
but I was afraid of it breaking so I
made it that way it's really good
chatting on Tigers and it's a lot to
happen you can sure Korea have you guys
enjoyed this changes kitchen I know I
did and I will for the next couple of
days because the leftovers but I'll put
the link to the recipe in the
description below and if you guys have
like two hours on your hands and really
like tumblings it's worth it so did it
out a weekend yeah do when you have some
free time but I love you guys thank you
for watching Jimmy and James kitchen
once again another recipe in the books
I'll see you all right
