going on everyone so today we're trying
to get things done I went and lifted
earlier though I have that out of the
way and right now I'm really just kind
of plugging away at my attack plan for
my merchandise which is really really
exciting that's happening yep that is
Jonah's underwear you're a perv peach
you're a perv anyway I am coming up with
designs I'm refining these designs you
guys who have sent me things on Twitter
and art and certain things like that I
really appreciate it cause some of it is
actually inspiring me to use that and
obviously you know making my own make it
really cool art to put on a t-shirt so
right now I have two t-shirts that I'm
planning on putting out one is let's get
caffeinated and other is a page t-shirt
so I'm really excited about that because
I've never had any shirt for myself I've
only worn my team shirts and shit like
that so it's pretty clean and I think
you guys are gonna like them gonna make
them nice and comfortable to wear not
just like stiff cardboard shirts we are
refraining from Xbox during the day
right now so we can get shipped done but
I wanted to update you with that stuff
because I'm working on it and I know
it's going to be out soon and I'm really
excited to show you guys also I'm really
excited because today's a little bit
like Christmas for me because I'm
getting today in the mail a box of stuff
from my favorite brand like ever called
virus international virus int oh they
make like tights and workout clothes and
I just like I love them so much because
I've worn tights my whole lot better
career and I've never had any any as
comfortable and as awesome as these
because I weren't for weightlifting and
training just in general whatever that
is comfortable so that should be here
today which really fucking psyched about
hopefully that comes today so I can get
all giddy and open my new clothes that
is all for now because more happens that
way look you guys updated but I'm going
to let peach continue her perverted
underwear you in peach that's disgusting
you're a perv my goodies came look at my
shirt and my cool shorts
oh yeah fucking jealous mad tight yeah
where jenna loves virus cuz I got her
some tights a while back
yeah
okay viruses tights like I'm telling you
they're the most comfortable fucking
Julian would consider himself somewhat
of the tight collar sore I like to say
that yeah and tight con man tight I wore
tights even when I was a kid I just love
tights and like I've worn Nike tights
every other kind of tights you can think
and these are the most comfortable Thank
You virus I love this stuff so if you
guys care about tights or looking like
you belong in space when you're working
out and really really comfortable shit
you should check them out I will link
their website in the description so you
just click that if you want to go look
for their shit but yes this is like my
Christmas so Jenna is making an
incredible looking thing that I wanted
to document and share so might as well
make it a little mini episode of JJ's
it's an enchilada fake but it's vegan
it's gluten free and right now she's got
all of the ingredients prepped we got
frozen corn onions peppers jalapeno more
peppers at garlic over here Jenna is
preparing the quinoa which is going to
go inside of the big yeah I mean
Blaziken really toasted to all the
extras those thing is lazy Kinloss and
throw it in a casserole pan is a your
casserole pan dance so she's preparing
the quinoa there's gonna be crazy and
then she's over here she's got black
beans she's got the a lot of sauce and
she's gonna bake it in a pan like this I
was a pretty dope oh we need to cut the
cilantro okay we'll cut the cilantro oh
yeah oh yeah for the Goya oh yeah by the
way this recipe is telling what to say
if I'm on Pinterest if there was it is
two keys at their pod cute
so what kind of oil is that oh but your
hot peppers and the corn and take you
frozen corn so I was like okay it does
look really good
sighs we're going to add some lime juice
cumin chili powder and cilantro
19:13 wanna hold hands then you're gonna
take all this stuff and combine it into
one magical yes duh yes duh yeah it
looks like a fucking mouth yes sir looks
like a mouth sex fiesta an approximate
goes its measuring circuit the measuring
teaspoon okay always more salt pepper
always good enchilada dancers okay put
it in there on the go PS duh Oh smells
bomb it smell so good good man bun today
by the way thank you you're welcome
now we're going to take an enchilada
sauce on your clothes yeah bogging in
cooking
shut up sick rinse my hand up the
casualty and casualty in my hand my gosh
this mess okay yes but now and secret
ingredient is some Cheers vegan cheese
now yes sir
I substituted the vegan cheese for the
real cheese oh it's bombs no it up smell
it up
yes my little that's probably good
Hakeem now and then you mix so much
cheese in yeah and then you sprinkle the
rest on top and then all that moisture
is gonna bake out and it's just gonna be
enchilada moisture to it stop creeping
on my cat they're all so good yeah looks
fucking fun because of the we pour it on
there
yep there pour it into here y'all food
ja ja the folks on a ball y'all dasu
go to work no it's me senpai Angela now
you take the rest of the cheese and
sprinkle it Robocop yeah so that's 2
cups so this is like a quick one okay
I'm not gonna eat the whole video should
because if you don't eat the whole thing
to your face bake for 20 minutes then
remove foil and then bake for an
additional 10 foot boyo boyo boyo boyo
Oh fine until I'm a bank season two here
bro cooking right there and the final
product this is most delicious
it's so long so good I've got any more
there right now right now
Oh Dada but then the final products
really good it seems a lot like the
movie good chili new song
except the peppers and the corn and like
that stuff make a really big difference
yeah and then gelato sauce is bomb yeah
it's it smells so good and it tastes
just how does it taste
yeah good tasting several dogs
oh very good cherry it was enough pitch
was right hard I'll link the link it for
years
you can interesting fucking selves hi-c
by JJ's kitchen bye
