lazy day has commenced eating soup
playing video games Karl entwining
this is called child of light its
Jenna's new favorite game for the Xbox
instantly she's just a girl that died
but it's a lot like Pokemon because she
has these little monsters that she takes
around and battles right Jenna battles
you know fight the fire lady go get help
Jenna this isn't the minor leagues this
is the dead girl weeks hey everyone the
plan I guess was to have some stuff
going on over the weekend to give you in
the early part of the week for vlogs but
this weekend I really do anything I mean
we watch the fights on Saturday and it's
really just been kind of like the last
few days that we can shut off before we
just kind of jump back into the swing of
things again so we didn't really have
much to vlog this weekend so I just
wanted to get on here and say what's up
but we're getting ready for bed right
now Jenna has discovered her favorite
Xbox one game child in the light or
something and mine is destiny we're both
getting pretty into our games which is
good and bad because we're not getting
anything else done but I'm happy that
we're kind of finding ins because we
never get to play games like this
destiny I'm fucking level 14 like I'm
picking that shit up anyway tomorrow I'm
going to see a movie with the friend of
mine Josh you guys might know I'm Joshua
d-town because we want to go see a movie
and we hung out a couple weeks ago we
talked about how we both want to see
movies but we never get to because our
girlfriends don't necessarily like going
to the movies as much as we do so we're
gonna go tomorrow see a movie so that is
what we have on tap for tomorrow I'll
try to show you a little bit of it
earlier in the day so that's what you're
gonna see P I just came home from where
that number one and I want to show you
how much peach hates when I hold her
like this peach she hates it she tries
like bite my hand every time look she's
like biting right hand no biting and
daddy it's funny because Kermit loves
this like if you think we want someone
to hold Kermit we'll just hand him to
something like that but peach hates it
because she's just like not
mrs. at all oh you know it's amazing
anyway I hope you guys are doing well I
am just going to make a quick breakfast
for Jenna hi I wanted to show you what I
was gonna make because it's pretty much
a staple and when we're eating right we
just a lot for breakfast Jenna shown its
me basically a piece of toast for me
it's gluten-free toast and you put some
peanut butter on it whatever peanut
butter or not matter you like to use and
then sprinkle cinnamon Jenna calls it
peanut butter toast but it's really good
for like the morning because it's just
enough energy food to get you going and
tastes really good so that's we're gonna
make right now this is our peanut butter
toast this is what Jenna showed me and
it's like the perfect breakfast
especially if you like good tasting
things
what are you doing comment is that
comfortable leaning against the house
peachy not for you hey what's up guys so
we just went shopping and got a whole
house full of food cuz we got our meals
already for the week because we have a
whole list of stuff we're gonna use this
week and we might do a couple changing
kitchen units here so that we know
what's for dinner because breakfast
introduces what doing I was always very
cool yeah so Jenna and I are making sure
we know what's for dinner we went and
got all the stuff we need for the entire
week of meals do you guys want to see
what I'm gonna get this week
Julian's Julian's here he's gonna
marinate chicken and rice and then for
sweet Nana pork pot stickers and
broccoli
we'll do it JJ's for that one that will
be a do you like being tacos on
Wednesday a rack or chicken right right
is the juice language was rough oh nice
way pad thai we're both having on Friday
Pad Thai and then Saturday we're gonna
have some nice delicious hot cheesy tea
and mac and cheese with butsudan
spiritus
Jean machi peach is licking the ground
right now I'm gonna have to wrap it up
for the night because I have to eat it
or cook dinner and I gotta go to the
movies later I'm going to eat Josh at
the movies so I got it in the blog now
I'm sorry that today was a little
uneventful but at the same time we
should be all excited because there's
some changes kitchen coming this week
and we haven't done that in a little
while so thank you guys for watching the
blog just fucking dead right in today
getting right into it doo doo doo doo oh
all right well yeah I gotta get myself
together cuz I have many things to do
including ending this vlog I love you
guys I'll see you tomorrow
Gogi caffeinated alright
