questions in caffeine hey guys how you
doing so today I wanted to make a
question video you haven't done one in a
long-ass time I don't know like six
months maybe more I tweeted out a solo
on Twitter and also on Facebook and you
guys gave me some pretty awesome
questions so today I wanted to give you
my answers to those questions if I can
figure out how to speak right because
I'm so caffeinated hike down Julian
alright great way to start it off what's
your favorite way to get caffeinated
lately I've been a fan of pouring a
smaller 5-hour energy shot into a bigger
ride volcanic because then you get
double the caffeine and vitamins
minerals and stimulants can you see
yourself being a dad and also are you
going to VidCon yeah of course I could
see myself being a dad I really want to
have a little baby girl
I would love a son do I think it'd be
really really cool to be a dad I feel
like at some point in my life I'm gonna
have a kid I just don't know when I feel
like I'm a little young for right now
but I want to abdicate I want to do it
the right time I feel like having a kid
is the ultimate life experience and I
feel like my life would be pretty
unfulfilled if I didn't do that I just
want to make sure it's at the right time
yes we're going to VidCon I think I
should be there barring any weird
circumstances I will be at VidCon and
playlist dream UFC fight any fighters
retired or not it would be lyoto machida
fighting Anderson Silva with Demetrius
Johnson Auggie Anderson Silva shoulders
while Randy Couture does handstands like
he doesn't even fight he's just doing
handstands and cartwheels around the
perimeter of the Octagon and lyoto
machida can only throw the left kick
which is probably enough to beat all
three of those guys anyway did you ever
picture your life the way it is today a
few years back absolutely not a few
years back I was in college so when
you're in college you're just thinking
about crosses and I was like completely
lost I had no idea what I wanted to do
so I didn't have any picture of what my
life would be but it was definitely not
this and that's just kind of a testament
to how life just kind of takes you where
it takes you which is crazy the best ab
exercise to get abs called
eating spinach instead of pizza when do
you think your merch will be out all
right so I have the ideas for my March
already I have a couple shirts ideas a
couple different
and sayings that I want to put on merch
I am just in the process of pursuing a
website or a store to hold my merch it's
going to be probably at least a month
until you guys see it out or I tell you
anything about it being in stores
because there are just things that need
to happen and I'm doing it as fast as I
can because I want you guys to have it
but it's going to be it's going to be
sick because there's going to be the
let's get caffeinated and then I would
have multiple other things that you guys
can buy so I will let you know obviously
keep you posted on that but not yet very
soon though when is the nightmare fuel
music video coming up you know what I
don't have a date for you but I don't
think it will be long until I have an
idea to make a creepy song music video
and I make Jenna help me with it and it
becomes a thing so probably not far off
what's the best thing about having
encase every single day having peach is
just more and more rewarding the other
night on New Year's peach was just like
sleeping in my lab and I looked at her
I'm like I'm so proud of this dog she's
come such a long way from the little
whining peeing everywhere happy that she
wants one and now she's just like the
best dog ever and I love her more every
single day so the experience I have with
her is can't put into words I love her
so much you guys need to have a dog to
experience what I'm talking about
biggest turnoff I think the biggest
turnoff for me in a person is when they
are very quick to find negative and
things in any situation the first thing
that they see is a negative which is
with Jenna because she's positive as
shit and she's very good at seeing the
good things and the happy things in life
explain your header No
how does this picture make you feel just
inspired motivated happy sad a little
bit turned on if you could only eat one
food for the rest of your life what food
would be I would probably have to pick
sushi because sushi is just so good and
I get tired of sushi way slower than I
get tired of any other food like I'll
get tired of to pull a before you get
tired of sushi so sushi if I could eat
it for the rest my life if you had to
pick between never having caffeine or
never having to pull a which would it be
my my answer to this is never having to
pull a because if I never had caffeine I
don't feel sad all the time except for
when I was eating Chipotle but if I had
caffeine all the time I
have the energy and the mind power
because of the caffeine to seek the
satisfaction that chapolin once gave me
elsewhere even if that means creating my
own Chipotle chain and put into a way
out of fucking business
caffeine is magical never underestimate
caffeine do you see yourself marrying
Jenna so many of you wanted to know that
yes I absolutely could see myself
playing like I said before and I was
talking about having kids just not right
now and I know that she's not ready for
it right now and at some point when I
decide it's time for me to get married
Jenna is the girl that I see that
happening are you excited for the UFC
fights tomorrow fuck yeah I'm so excited
I really want to see Jon Jones just put
Daniel Cormier out of his misery it's
always fucking fun watching John Jones
fight he's so talented whatever you
think of him as a person he's just crazy
talented and I love UFC pay-per-views
they get me so excited we're gonna be
even wings and watching the fights how
do you feel when people recognize you
republic can you tell they notice you
before they say something well yeah it's
from the first time that's happened to
any time it happens now it's just wild
that people come up to me and they say
hey how you doing I know you are like I
watching you and Jenna's video like it
just it just still kind of takes me a
second to understand what's happening
because the fact that people know who I
am
it still is just like a crazy thing to
me but it's it's always awesome the
experience of meeting people they're
always very very nice they always just
want a picture and I'm never ever gonna
say no to that if I were to ask someone
for a picture it would be the most
traumatizing thing that have been say no
so of course I'm always gonna oblige and
everyone's always so nice so the
experience of people recognizing me is
very very positive very sweet still kind
of crazy to me that it happens to me and
also sometimes yeah you can tell they
recognize you just by the harder acting
what is your favorite gluten-free beer
or cider ever thought about making your
own well right now I'm big on omission
including free beer new planet those are
my two favorite gluten-free beers my
cider of choice would probably have to
be strong blow off the tap I really love
that I've never thought about making my
own but Schrader's brow I think has a
gluten free wine coming out I might be
able to buy that no I love the idea of
maybe broom
beer I think they could be really cool
sell my own balloon free beer making my
garage have all the balls explode and
have Murray come and check on me Jesus
Marie where has mocked been Moxon all
over the place I think she might be
around for a video sometime soon to tell
you what she's been up to
he's Jenna a mouth-breather know jenna
is not a mouth breather Nike or adidas
honestly I've been Nike like my whole
life but lately adidas has been really
fucking stepping it up like I just got
some shoes I got my feet of soccer pants
you can't beat those soccer pants okay I
see what you do it lady how are you
liking destiny I really like it I'm not
that good at it but I really like it if
you could eat one glutton full foods
with no consequences what would it be
like like dim sum like a dinner of
unlimited dim sum like the meat pockets
and everything like that oh my god
because pizza you can get gluten-free
pasta sushi everything you can get them
treat those dim sum plates with like
those dumplings you can't really make
that or find that at least I can't and I
really really used to love that when I
was a kid before I went gluten-free
obviously I'm gonna pray now for them
celiac but that would probably be a dim
sum like an unlimited do some experience
I'd have to be carried out of the
restaurant how did you become such a
wonderful chef the bacon mac and cheese
looks superb I'm not a wonderful chef I
just cook whatever the hell I want and I
don't really follow recipes I'm not chef
when I was a kid my mom always would
have me help her in the kitchen with
recipes and my mom go up to Carmen so I
guess just like watching and helping her
made me into a person who really enjoys
cooking even if it's just like the
shittiest version of cooking ever what
advice would you give to someone newly
diagnosed with celiac this is my new
reality and I'm rather overwhelmed at
navigating this new life well friend I'm
sorry about your new diagnosis but there
is light at the end of the tunnel you
just need to completely adjust the way
you think about food luckily we're in
the Year 2015 where there's gluten-free
foods and a lot more places than there
used to be think about what you would
miss most about eating gluten foods and
find ways to make goo-goo free because
they exist now there is so much
information on
to help you navigate and find your foods
and restaurants or getting our board
keep your mind open if you see something
that you want to eat you can't eat it
just find a way to make it because it
exists except for doing something maybe
how much eggs could to Iggy's eggs if in
G's could eat eggs yes how did you start
weight lifting how did you find your
drive to do it were you nervous about
the competition
I started weightlifting because in
college and I guess high school a little
bit - you trained in the weight room by
doing certain variations of Olympic
weightlifting you'd do the clean power
snatch you know when I discovered
Olympic weightlifting as a sport I just
like went right into it in terms of like
watching YouTube videos and teaching
myself because I felt like I already had
a base of it from playing baseball but
yes I was very nervous for the
competition because I went in there with
no coach no plan no idea what I was
doing and I just kind of wanted to
compete to put myself out there and
definitely happy I did it although I
know that the next time I compete it's
gonna be a lot better and I don't have a
coach but yes if you find something that
you like doing even if it's a little bit
foreign to you if you don't have exactly
a great idea what you're doing if you
like doing it that's what you have to
remember so you do it because of that
and if you're nervous for something that
normally means it's a good thing because
you're putting yourself outside your
comfort zone that to me is something
that you should be doing in your life
you know if you don't do that you don't
know where the comfort zone ends that's
my answer to that question I want to say
thank you to everyone who sent in
questions today we got asked some of the
trending on Twitter which was fucking so
cool but thank you guys for asking all
your questions I always appreciate the
fact that you guys want to participate
in these videos I hope you enjoy this
video I hope you learned something about
me I'll be back next week with blogs as
usual but thanks again for watching I
love you guys some of you guys have a
great weekend I'll see you laters next
week
