nothing yellow golden yellow my face is
golden yellow beige walls though these
walls are blending into my face happy
new year how are you to survive and that
like beige disgusting like paint I know
well honestly the light couldn't get any
worse than our last place that was shit
like we're getting ready for our New
Year's Eve little having fun thing my
sister and her boyfriend are coming over
Brett's coming over so for a party set
up we got all the poppers we got the
tMT's the little blower ones and then
the pole ones and then these noisemakers
and only four hats alright get more hats
also important in having a good New
Year's Eve party this is essential mad
frozen pizzas yo for when we get hungry
and drunk later Dom yeah I mean we're
just gonna hang out and have some fun it
should be a good time and we're gonna
count down our movie kissing this little
face at midnight I love you so I'll see
you guys in a little bit when more
things are happening but I wanted to
show you a little setup because I'm
proud of it and we got everything ready
and clean excitement then I got some
dope-ass sweatpants to let me see those
okay okay come out since Ryan Higa pants
Ryan Higa pit right knee the pants right
and here the pants look guys you have so
fucking thank the fucking drop garage
you remember I used to
eisah force Julian to watch Project
Runway sometimes yeah and we were always
die laughing at Michael Kors inside the
tow prepare why would you wear the puffy
pants this is like a less accentuate
urgent
there's a white either because he
crushes it just to be your peers or what
I think opinion no I know I'm not wear
them yeah look at all this room for
activities the Rumba somehow knows not
to commit suicide off this little
BIRT which is puts on the Braves
incredible
okay this portion of the vlog is for all
you fuckers who always complain about
how dirty our place is we turned on DJ
Roomba and he made this joint spotless
we cleaned up so Rosa you're like oh do
they ever vacuum the rug
yes we do we hire a mini robot to do it
for us and that we leave and then we
come back and it's beautiful that's it
I'm not even drunk yet I'm just so
excited to get drunk that I feel drunk
you guys ever had that you're like so
excited for a night of drinking that
before you even start drinking you're
like anyway it's Pizza time so I gotta
go alright so I'm gonna take this time
to say Happy New Year to you guys I
really want to express how much I love
you for real for supporting me and
watching my videos and constantly
tweeting at me and just like being my
friend
via the internet and I'm really excited
for 2015 teach is excited for 2015 we're
gonna go places we're gonna get
caffeinated and then we're gonna go
places peach peach
are you excited a new year yeah only if
there's food in it she's been begging
all night my sister's gonna be here soon
we're gonna start drinking so uh maybe
I'll see you
this is my sister you remember her from
the walk we went to see my brother
I used to use our all time contained any
schlepping are face to face of feet
hey Jason Rock saying he doesn't want to
get on board with the half-up half-down
what you want to explain yourself
because I kind of like it don't really
have an explanation so Roxanne doesn't
like my era hair down I think back off
haters cuz I like it I don't care
Jordan look at em magical champagne
bottle magical it is lighting up its
rosy gold flecks in it that fireball for
too long for too long right ten minutes
till New Year's time to sniff shoot on
seesaw
Hey
and
I'm gonna put my camera now for the rest
of the day just kind of rock today yeah
hope you guys all had a great few years
obviously I had a great fucking time
hanging out with Jenna Brett let's just
Eric away from all the dogs and I really
do want to say thank you guys I love you
I just can't wait for 2015 we're gonna
fucking kill shit okay wait Kenny we'll
wait I love you guys leg Gators that's
what most are colleges that getters
seems like get us tomorrow for the block
but I hope you get a great fucking time
tiller hear them on your off a tape and
see you tomorrow
