good morning guys
Merry Christmas we're leaving Eureka and
it's raining like really hard like storm
raining so we're trying to get our shit
in the car and get out of here we get
some coffee on the way out and food but
we're gonna try to hit the road now and
see how it goes right now we're just
loading up the car and yelling with the
dollars and everything but I hope you
guys are enjoying your Christmas and you
know hanging out family or friends or
whatever but right now we're still in
the road it's pretty it's pretty cool
man this road trip is been fun but we
gotta bravely storm now but we'll see
you guys on the
yeah we woke up to some crazy storm
weather
it was really windy and raining around
and died down
the doctor is speaking to back as I
sleep in home I was not asleep but
Sabbath don't care whoever look there he
meets the wrong
mammoth does getting in the growing time
in sermon needs to grow because he's
getting outgrown right now
bigger than him he's officially bigger
than current
anyway we ran around this is like one of
the most beautiful drives including
yesterday because yesterday was dark in
the scene
experience this is beautiful these trees
like something about these just giant
green trees everywhere these small roads
it just makes me like I just love it
anyway it's still raining so we're just
gonna keep trucking along and then
hopefully in a few hours
hope you guys are having a good
Christmas we are for sure
also I want to appreciate and take
people who say do you wash your hair
because I'm on the road right now and we
like are staying in hotels and I need to
bring my shampoo so no they didn't wash
my hair
haha no hair washing like I'm on a road
trip and like does he even wash his hair
actually not to wash my hair so I want
my color just okay you guys are haters
just like check it out
blocking out the haters thanks I'm
always ready always ready to block out
some haters get back in the road stop
stop blocking in John I'm not holding
about the way James alright so shut up
you guys a little bit
this is so beautiful
this is just like something else right
yeah
baby sir
sorry noggin yet we stopped at this
river so we can check it out it looks
like from Bates Motel oh my god
it's so cool yeah it's like the coolest
color well get in here so you see behind
you not awesome that's so cool
if amazing I love it
another quick break to go PE that's
really cool because it's so cold out
here and like foggy that when you pee it
just like scheme's all over the place
power in the P okay that's all
hey guys we just got to our hotel in
Oregon we drove a long time probably
like seven hours because they stopped
but we're here and we're getting ready
getting ready to go see Dennis brother
Devon and the new baby niece also the
two big dogs so that's gonna be fun to
see how peach hangs out with some big
dogs but I just want to let you guys
know we got here we're gonna go over
there hang out have dinner and then come
back and pack it in for the night but
hopefully when we come back I can get
some more stuff for vlog cuz I'm just
gonna leave the camera here because
we're gonna go out family time now but
there's cool thing for my niece it turns
into a wave but it's for ages three plus
and she's not in here yet so I'm gonna
try and push it and like it's it's risen
from her brother
well he's three plus so it's not
inappropriate but we will see you guys
in a little bit and we're gonna go have
some family time now and see how tame we
can keep peach and low there so we're
back in the hotel room we went and saw
Jenna's brother and niece and family and
now we're here at and gifts it had the
wrong hanger on the hanger size of the
right one and the melon is too small
it's so complicated because when you're
in there nothing's organized by size and
everything just looks relatively little
sooner like yeah yeah luckily you got a
good amount of stuff she has other
outfits that will fit anyway we're just
hanging out and having a mellow night
drinking some more and showing out
putting this vlog together for you but I
do want to sign off one last time for
vlogmas and say thank you guys for
watching and thank you for watching all
progress long this has been quite a cool
ride and it's got me really excited for
2015 because it really put me in the
right frame of mind for my channel and
bargaining and I just love you guys so
thank you all for watching and caring
thank you guys for for hanging out with
us this month I really do hope you guys
are having a great holiday season and
you know I'm getting a lot of snapchats
about you know your holidays and
everyone seems happy and tweets and
stuff I will be taking a couple days off
probably won't see me till Monday but I
will be on Twitter are will be on the
social media but you can find me there
but I hope you guys are as excited as I
am for the next year because it's gonna
be dope my marble is there gonna be dope
were you just looking your dick right
before I shot this well I hope you're
not watching this should we say that
Rome doesn't watch these from you don't
watch these vlogs come on don't you guys
tweet at Rome - don't tell her by the
way peach just bolted into a fucking old
couple's room and started making out
with a guy right as we were getting in
the hotel she's so thirsty pchew thirsty
but she just ran all the way in there Oh
in vlogmas on that note happy and
aggressive normal you happy an
aggressive oh you're cute good outfit it
was fun go miss vlogmas it was good time
enjoy your holidays I love you guys I'll
see you very soon
Merry Christmas and Merry vlogmas
