all righty bread nothing's bigger than
your whole head what are you even doing
okay you on the bed a good morning in
happy caffeination from San Francisco or
getting up and getting ready to jump in
the car and head north we have really
fun night and we got to see some of the
city which is really fun we're gonna
grab a couple things in the city and
then hit the road again
I'm really excited the users is cuddling
well I was hanging out with peach and
Kermit and marbles we're just like
sitting on the bed together like total
weirdo but we're getting in the car
scene we're gonna hit the road and I'll
see you guys in the car
all right we're stopping at Babies R Us
so Jenna can go pick out a little
Christmas gift for her baby niece half
this parking lot is reserved for
expectant mothers some but we
yeah we left the city we're a little bit
outside of San Francisco we're gonna
grab this president if you get some food
and then hit the road and head up to a
redwood forest which I am beyond excited
for I've lived in California like my
whole life and I've never seen it unless
I was like an infant and I don't
remember it but that doesn't count so
we're gonna go and I'm really excited
for that we're gonna hopefully get some
really fun footage and get there when
they're still you know came out all
right which we were on time or on time
for that I'm gonna wait till these dogs
start crying I'm gonna blast some music
and then we're gonna be on our way
I think so we made a stop on our way to
Eureka with the dogs out and the rest
for a sec
but we're still about like an hour and a
half so we're trying to get to the the
big redwood trees MyData himself we
should keep going but we stopped we're
gonna hop back in the car so nice and
crisp out here love this air it's crisp
cool air can't wait to see some day yes
trees put some three thousand-year-old
big trees insane
so we're currently cutting up this for
is it's so beautiful
like just massive trees everywhere it's
really really amazing like we're
surrounded by trees and we're gonna
approach the really really big redwood
trees soon so we're almost there we
looks like we're gonna get some light
and see see some of it in the day so
that's exciting
Jenna's crushing driving right now
pretty intense truck is really windy and
then Jenna was saying that the deer come
out right now because it's like dusk we
just saw a pair of deer they always come
in pairs always come in pairs and they
like on crossing the road like you
better put on your brakes
broke the brakes because there's
another one
yo guys so we just arrived at the hotel
and you didn't see us driving through
that big tree or anything like we were
talking about because by the time we got
to that like the Avenue of the Giants is
what it's called it was completely dark
so everything was closed so we just had
to like bust ass through that crazy dark
narrow road for a long time and by bust
ass I mean go really slow and get past
cuz it's just really hard drive at night
so we couldn't get out and do all what
we wanted to so hopefully we'll be able
to do on the way back that I can show
you guys then but right now we're we're
in Eureka
we arrived in Eureka right now we're at
the hotel checking in and the dogs are
getting ready to cry we are gonna just
probably hang out for the rest of the
night and just kind of cozy up in the
hotel room prep for marks we gotta go to
Oregon tomorrow I'll hit you guys back
up when we get back in the room all
right we're in creepy little Eureka
merry Christmas to you guys thanks for
watching today's vlog one more day
little baby sweet is so sleepy we're
pretty tired I'm a long day and didn't
get much sleep
hello yeah Merry Christmas Eve to you
guys thank you so much for watching
one vlogmas left which is tomorrow on
Christmas well I'm gonna keep walking
like I said I'm gonna try to do during
the weeks and bottom line is I'm not
gonna stop vlogging so I've really
really enjoyed blogging this I think
it's um wonders for me and my
relationship with you guys and just
everything overall so I'm really happy
and I'm excited that we made it through
I hope you guys are having a good
Christmas Eve with your family or your
loved ones and I will see you tomorrow
for one last vlog of December
