I don't really know what this is but I
was going through some of my old things
and drives and belongings and I brought
up a bunch of videos that I shot in
college
immediately after watching them I was
like compelled to make some sort of
video now about them so I kind of wanted
to experiment with a different way of
storytelling so if you're interested in
learning about why I recorded a whole
bunch of videos in college and what
those videos were this videos for you
and if you're not it's not for you and
that's probably fine
I majored in television and broadcast
journalism in college because for most
of my college years I considered that to
be something I wanted to do I wanted to
talk on camera I wanted to interview
people and I loved the aspect of going
out into the field and meeting people
mostly sports related and interviewing
them in my own style I kind of forgot
like what that was like I took it very
seriously and I wanted to be really good
at it because it was something that I
enjoyed and thought that I could do well
in really vividly remember this just
defining me for like the period of a
couple of years I had to be prepared I
had to have my research done before
every interview and then it when the
interview came I had to ask a question
to the interviewee my subject that they
weren't expecting I was asking questions
that people weren't used to answering
and that people who don't normally ask
and some would say that they were good
questions and for me that was like okay
that's this that's the goal that's the
standard I want to be asking questions
that other people aren't asking now
looking back to the last win how you
guys clinched a spot chatons first ever
sky playoff spot what was that like I've
always thought to be pretty fortunate to
have made the switch to internet media
the way I did and how I did and with the
help of Gen ed learning in college and
older form of media and then entering a
new one but I hadn't really looked back
at a lot of the stuff that I was doing I
I forgot how much I learned from doing
that so much it was a cool part of my
life it was a cool thing that I that I
did for a while and it's something that
a lot of people don't know that I ever
did I feel like in some way all of those
questions I asked and all those
interviews and all those people I met
and all those mics I held in my hand I
am a strong believer that all of that
has helped me and what I do now and it
will continue to help me in some way
for the rest of my life when you think
back to certain memories like college a
really significant moment in your life
and remember certain things I know that
there were a lot of great things and a
lot of crap things about college but one
thing that I think you can't really just
remember without maybe watching videos
or looking at pictures is just feeling
like you were developing a skill set to
become a professional at something and
remembering what that was like
I have literally no clue what this video
is gonna end up as but I hope is
something worth watching if you're still
here thank you for watching I have a lot
of old footage of all old stuff probably
more than I can remember to be honest so
maybe I'll do this again okay that's it
