my name is Julian and I am 25 and I am
at the beauty supply store and Jenna has
a basketball game tomorrow I'm hiding in
the corner of beauty supply store right
now because jenna is doing some goofy
fun today so we needed to come here
to get goofy fun ship supplies I'm
excited
I've literally been looking forward to a
day of being with her you know when you
just like you away from home or you're
busy with something and you just miss
like the most boring routine that you
have normally that's what I felt like so
I'm finally back to our home and I got
that glass night from my trip to
Nashville which was incredible and you
guys saw a little bit of that you'll see
more of it in the episode we're putting
out on Friday but today Jenna is
shooting a video for her channel and we
are doing something with her hair I'm
not gonna give it away you have to watch
the video hello oh are you there I think
I found what I need oh my god to help me
that's good you got there's one guy at
this beauty supply store who's just like
the most helpful in the world so we're
waiting for him to help us he's doing
his favorite Jenna's like we'll go to
that one beauty supply store if our guys
there I was thinking about like this
size
it's gonna be hard to know everything
right
he's helping us but for now I just want
to show you some of my fall favorites of
the beauty worlds project supplies this
is the cuticle polisher this is for only
if you are a really cute cute cute
poppers when you dial nine-one-one but
no one comes you use repair to the
rescue rescue it even looks like an
ambulance
hey guys ready for this this might get
age-restricted when you wanna hang out
with a bunch of girls but you don't want
them all to be the same we get mixtures
deep conditioner yep
I'm giving a tour of my fall favorites
sorry I haven't done anything with perms
in a while and I'm like I know they have
been getting recently but like big
beachy waves yeah we're doing like the
tight I was thinking like maybe
something like this it'll still come out
like a small but nothing like like
that's crazy I don't even know what this
is a great-sized roller so like that's
gonna give you a big curl if you hate
taking bags alone personally I like to
use the vinyl bathmate I don't I don't
so that's where your hair wraps around
guys look how safe she is you know why
cuz she's wearing the protector hood
can't breathe and she said he's here XL
to XL 3 okay I'm gonna get myself a pair
of 4 XL
am i right ladies babe
Potter these ones look good yeah
yeah okay guys this you already checked
out but I want this you want me uh put
this okay
I'm a beauty I know
well we're all pretty successful day at
the beauty supply store I got everything
I needed
I got everything I needed
I ordered them to get to go they're
shipping them to my house
I ordered the Hat the visor I got brows
before Bros that's the brand of brows I
got it's called brows before Bros am i
right ladies
he literally said all right what are we
doing today
he's a real MVP shoutout to that guy so
it's up to that guy at this store I know
he's just always there to help Santa
hates when I don't start the car right
away because it's so no I don't I don't
I hate when it's so hot in the car and
you open my door for you which is very
sweet and gentlemanly but then you shut
the door and like when you're locked in
a box of hot baking degrees a bunch of
degrees of fun
I'm currently setting up the shot that
we're gonna have for Jenna's video she's
doing summer hair so we have it all set
up here
this is much my pod today guys I am also
simultaneously watching the doc and this
morning I was actually really really
enjoying watching the gamescom
Invitational in Germany which was
actually really really really
dope I think one of the first major
tournaments for battlegrounds and it was
really fun to watch but we're back from
the store almost ready to shoot once
we're done shooting this week is gonna
be an extra short week because Jenna and
I are actually traveling on Friday
through a wedding so all the edits and
all the work and all the podcasts and
streams and everything it's gonna be
smushed smushed really tight into a
couple days I'm just gonna show you
Jenna's hair then the Fox over you look
so cute and that is all it
wasn't supposed to turn out this cute
don't touch my part
don't touch it I put a little Moroccan
oil in it so it feels a little bit I
like really like it though it's really
exciting I honestly I don't know I
didn't expect a perm to look so adorable
alright anyway we're gonna start my perm
now so you guys
