hey guys just getting up and heading out
to the dog park before we hit the road
so the dogs can be civilizing the car
and then we're gonna hit the road go
probably straight through to San
Francisco maybe stop once but yeah just
go in a few hours I'm psyched to see
what that city has in store for us I
really like San Francisco yes I will see
you guys soon
Vanda let's get moving peach looky you
vest it finally fit that's earring okay
music thank you you guys are you going
to ride you it's your first time you
never been to a dog park
peaches never been to a dog park this is
her first dog park and you just hated to
get all the frames you don't even know
it's about a heaven it's like heaven you
being social are you being snow you're
trying to you're down here good titi
buzz is easy stressful experience right
now what's wrong
I guess you're fine you gotta learn how
to be why don't you all hang out with a
friend earlier who's barking at me
something this talk really doesn't like
me go to hang out my name is Julian okay
billion Julian so he's just sprinting
so we're hitting our first bit of
traffic on the five Brett's here by the
way we have brought with us because his
family's from up north so we're dropping
him off at his family's place in no so
we're stopping in Danville saying hi to
Brett and his fam and then we're gonna
go to San Francisco spend a night and
then we're moving on to organ but that
is why brand buzz have tagged along best
taxi up north ever really it works out
great and then there's four dogs in the
car so that's the best part
yeah they're all really tired though cuz
we hit the dog park which was a smart
decision Thank You Jenna for that I
scared like five different chihuahuas
they all hated me I'm free huh maybe
there was a dog named Frijole being he
had like a flipper all right well you
gotta get back to John's you guys
hello we are in bumfuck anywhere that's
what I call it so we're like an hour and
a half away from Danville topped it so
if the dogs out and to let me out cuz I
had to go pee too
yeah we're we're gonna stop and see
Brett's family and then head into the
city so we almost dere right almost
there
this looks like a really beautiful field
behind me but it's just filled with
possibly human ship because it was just
 everywhere and it doesn't look like
dogs hopefully we'll get there pretty
quick and then get right into the city
oh yes the Bay Bridge the Bay Bay Bay
Bay Bridge okay babe we're going to the
Bay Bridge
so we're just crossing the Bay Bridge
right now we're seeing all of Brett's
like childhood think there's a TT Park
over there this is awesome San Francisco
get legs right otter San Francisco this
San Francisco we're gonna go stop it
that's fine and then we're gonna go down
we're gonna have a little bit of a night
in the city really excited weird night
yeah so we're not going to that side for
a baby monitor this is what Jenna just I
just walk up to the front desk and she's
it has this and I was like what are you
doing
I really got it for me she got us over a
new Xbox one cuz mine is mine broke my
xbox 360 bro fiddling with it and it I
was like oh my god this is so
broken like it's so broken well I got it
right as Xbox 360 came out it's the
first gen I know it's a piece of crap
Jenna just workin good boy can I hold it
in my lap
she just totally pulled a fast one she
got an expert I was like why do we have
to stop and pick something up there was
so weird to me this is the real boy
right here that's what I like to call it
this is the one I dreamed of now think I
don't know about wanted oh my god you
 sneaks you guys throw me it got
me an Xbox yeah Jenna thank you you're
so welcome
you're Lou's really dead and I didn't
want to get delivered to an empty house
and sit there for days
you should try and Jimmy ray get
into the hotel TV there's a
significant chance that that will happen
I just really wanted to watch to another
episode of Survivor at my next box video
yeah I was like doing everything that I
could possibly think of to like
around with those cords there's nothing
fixing it I mean honestly my xbox is our
IP suicide right now you know so
we just checked into the room at the
hotel so we're gonna get kind of
recouped get dressed and then head out
for dinner and drinks I think we're
meeting Brett's brother Tyler so I'm
excited for that because we've like
FaceTime with him a bunch and he seems
really cool so I'm just waiting down
here because it said I shouldn't leave
Xbox one in the car but it's the
holidays and because people are
bags so I'm gonna grab the Xbox bring it
up to the room and we will start our
night unfortunately I'm gonna probably
end the vlog pretty soon because gotta
have it ready for tomorrow anyway I'll
check back in with you guys before Sam
yo I am signing off for the night I got
an end abroad because we only have a few
hours to really get anything going for
the night and we got to be up tomorrow
to travel so I got to finish editing
right now so you guys will have this
freshen early in the morning and then I
got to try to upload with this hotel
Wi-Fi but I love you guys thank you for
watching tomorrow we're continuing north
we're gonna stop at the redwood forest
and see what else we can do I'm really
excited but for now this is it I'll see
you guys tomorrow for vlogmas day 24 on
Christmas Eve alright see ya
