happy hangover guys I mean good morning
like the caffeine sink in alright I'm
gonna go take the Italian Greyhounds for
a little bit of a run because I need to
get myself in the shape that they're in
willing into work a little later so I
figured I would take teach also always a
little better when she's kind of tired
so much how to get her tired and come
back try the shower head off work that's
what I'm doing right net home right I'm
gonna go run a never-ending quest to get
peach to go potty Beach we we just
finished our run and we're getting ready
to go to work now
peach is gonna come with me you just
would really like if she went potty
first you know a body for me putting a
sniff of it Kermit in peach we're good
today we did some spreads packed a
little bit of a makeshift lunch cut
peach or blanket and we're going to head
out soon so I've been in traffic for a
little while on the 405 and I'm just
seeing what it is
to expand
it's always just really out to
think about the fact that we do this
 every day driving and we don't
think anything of it like we drive just
to get places and all we're thinking
about is getting there or doing
something else or whatever else is going
on in our head well you forget that
we're driving around giant death
machines like these things are insanely
dangerous all it takes is one little
slip-up and what you just saw in the
freeway happens is scary man scary
hashtag reminded of mortality PG came to
work not expecting anything and now our
black friends here buzzy buzzy PJ you
excited see buzz it's a dog party in
here Brett's all cozied up Bret had the
early shift zero sleep and zero fox we
put this little thing on Kermit's neck
as a chew toy and peaches having her way
with it but hold on Annie's white
raiment can't wear its collar cuz this
is what she tries to do to go get her at
a time
Kermit says wine do you guess I want to
put it up PG up nice on you did you try
to get it swimming
good play fight weird things and we're
they either with unless it be attained
yet why you play mention away from me
peach is uh being adorable right now
just downright cute look at a yawn look
at a little but I love when she does
that so weird and cute are you smiling
we were just watching an old video i
when she was little and she jumps up on
the air mattress to try to reach it and
she like completely eats it like she
doesn't even get close and bounces off
and then just falls on her side she was
so cute though like the way she just had
no reservations she was just gonna go do
everything like she she fell down the
stairs probably like 500 times before
she realized that she couldn't like
handle it with her little body
she's such a go do or just like her dad
No Reservations just go do smell good
the other day she was wearing her
sweatshirt like all day and I forgot to
take it off so she came onto the chair
that I was working at and just like
pushed up I'm with her back why do you
keep doing that she did it like four
five times and then I finally realized
that her back was just so itchy so I
took off her on her sweater and I just
started itching her back like the
like really like nicely and she just
made the weirdest face she was like my
girls I was like Akita they she was like
because it felt so good she couldn't
even like handle him like with making a
normal expression that's right you just
need to get this scratches huh oh how I
keep loving her more this is such a
little love fest sorry for this love
fest sorry I'm not sorry I have a thumb
anyway gonna continue scratching and
rubbing my little dot we met this guy in
New York and he had this really cute dog
I forget the name of this type of dog
but it's the same type I believe as the
target dog is this guy in New York right
near that restaurant we were going to
and Jenna and I like any time we see a
dog especially her she always asked to
go pet it cuz she loves dogs and we do
and she's like all can I pet your dog
and she was really sweet and we just
like pet her and hung out for a little
bit and the guy said he was like it was
the really cutest thing he was like it's
my daughter she's just in a dog costume
and like this New York accent and we
were sick it's exactly how we feel
you're my daughter just up in a dog
costume aren't you my daughter
don't India gtp Oh
oh I can't I ever just live you chose
this life oh oh good I'm he's getting
mad like that no don't what you doing
are you doing why are you tell us what
you're doing so what were you doing I'm
crushing candies because I need it we'll
get in the shower and I just I'm
delaying it for as long as humanly
possible that ah no I'm seeing you need
a shower
you don't need a shower I didn't brush
my hair doing those you think a good
idea you know I was winning until you
scared me oh I love hanging out just us
this is this is so us like this so what
is so us I love the commercial that's so
us so us are you sad vlog misses ending
actually I'm it's been nice to watch
it's been fun thanks for making it for
us thanks for hanging out in it so this
is vlogmas day 21 it is the weekend I
hope you guys are enjoying your weekend
so tonight we're going to go out have
some drinks my friend marks birthday was
yesterday so we're going to celebrate
that take him out and kind of have some
fun tonight really you know like let
this a little bit because tomorrow we
have a full day of work in prepping for
the trip we're driving up to Oregon so
tomorrow's prep day we got to see daddy
and go see Devin Jenna's brother Devin
so tomorrow we really have our plates
full we got to work it out for us so
tonight we're going to try to enjoy
ourselves and yeah that's about it
tomorrow's walking to 822 but I'm really
excited to vlog the trip like the
driving and I'm still at home and
uploaded on the road but we'll figure it
out I'll get some cool shots of Drive
for you guys
but anyway
you'll kiss her I'll make her cry don't
worry everything will be normal
she doesn't like it alright well I love
you guys
thanks for watching I love that you guys
like snapchat me pictures of you
watching vlogmas that's really cool and
if you're getting mad about me not
responding to your snapchats but opening
them don't snapchat me because I'm
really like I go on snapchat there's a
billion snapchats waiting to be open so
I just opened as many as I can and then
I you know I mean like I'm it's not
personal
sometimes I'll respond but I saw his
person was like do that one more time
I'm unsubscribing and I said a
screenshot of you've been like gonna
subscribe my channel I was like I'm
sorry I thought that was funny though
like people people are pretty funny on
snapchat but anyway it's Nikki sniped
you I'll see you guys tomorrow or I'll
see you tonight
I'm snip - all right love you say bye HQ
okay bye we're all bill from so blooper
woman's money Jillian oh my god he's
like doing something bad this year
they don't like this stomping getting
this forward
I'm trying show us show us mocks Nene it
fell into the fire no Julian be careful
Julian and Nene doesn't require going to
the ground knock your bitch honey so
magical and he gets like this all right
