good morning guys they looked at your
Beach she like wake up and come up out
of the covers to say hi and if I don't
say hi like two seconds she goes back
under because she's got to stay warm
she's gotta keep so I'm going to go to
work for a few hours
I'm downstairs right now so that I can
get caffeinated and then also leave
Jenna some caffeine for when she wakes
up because we both need it to try to be
energized like you you look bunny
she's like get me in here alright
alright hey I got like a billion promos
to put in right now so I'm a little
slammed at work let McCabe the DJ who
interviewed me about nightmare fuel I'm
cutting his promos now and I just wanted
to share with you his little intro for
me about his holiday promos
why hello there these are all the
holiday promos we'll start with
Christmas Eve Eric McCabe Thank You
McCabe thank you
you know just leaving work right now
later than I normally would so much work
because I feel like during the holidays
there's like two types of people is
those that are just like desperately
trying to get out I mean everyone wants
to leave but there are types of people I
want to desperately leave so they like
half-ass everything and then there's
other people who just like are left with
it it is what it is things are busy
right now
so a little longer day the office is
gonna kill anyone headed home
gonna turn on genna's serious show so I
listen in the car cuz I'm normally at
home bored high late
I'm vlogging it you have to learn I
search the input no no no you don't know
how you gotta learn then I'll hold it
down yeah okay we pull it moves you
gotta start over
you gotta start all over it's not moving
I do this every single time I'm just
finally letting her do it
okay what did you I didn't even do
anything my love accident for me oh look
TG is he easy Marples having it he likes
it peachy easy as you know like fucking
zero to sixty oh good good GG is it
peachy here the hands just kisses Oh mm
ahh eat calm down get him did you honey
take it easy oh good no biting hey I see
that peach good feed you of horrible
only giving another D I think he's being
sweet because she's like calm her
energies yeah this is her calm believe
it or not
okay okay that's what happens when you
get on a line page you know hands so
this tower is looking pretty solid it's
made up of just 5-hour energies and
water bottles got a couple more things
tad and I want to bring Bloggie out
because the GoPro and too low at this
point
it's time I got one more and I'm a trap
of the data coding math and comer well
did you like that
you
we shit alright that's bomb forget the
last that is the cocaine with a little
town Oh marbles have you had it with the
tower gets what scared you got oh my god
Gillian I did it this is pong follow me
no up there that's why no my gig enough
no I don't want to fall on marble
because he's already so scared
how's that true type each
how is it like that you toy yeah you
like it
are you good girl oh come here
oh yeah mm-hmm we dead get scared by the
camera no you just want to leave what is
it huh oh good II claymation so we
caught peach chewing on something and we
didn't know what it was and we Jenna
came over and investigated cuz I was
gone
well she bag of these little peppermint
chocolate and before everyone on the
internet took oh you should dogsy
chocolate poisoning no shit like no one
intentionally left their dog died huh
yeah like she got off of the table like
develop a taste for it so I think she
tried to like eat it and like really
liked it so she's been hot she like got
on the table was a pulling down you told
me about it and then I came home and I
caught her with this like in her little
snout like she had it in her mouth
you're really trying to fit well then I
lifted up the table and they were like
three under there so I moved him and and
then I found them empty like back with
her like two non empty baskets
she's an odd girl she was shoot on this
this empty bag of nothing they used to
have charge with him peachy this is not
a bed this is a dumpster now you know
eating chocolate naughty girls hey you
can't eat the chocolate no it's bad when
Kermit was her age probably he ate an
entire box of Reese's peanut butter cups
like a Valentine's Day box he liked the
little one and I thought he was gonna
fucking die like I thought for sure that
he was just like gonna go into shock and
die and I called an emergency vet and
she was like okay how much does he weigh
and what did he eat so she calculated
how much chocolate was in the milk
chocolate part of the Reese's Peanut
Butter Cup did it against his body
weight I was he's a cock truth how much
did he eat I was like I don't know it
looks like 15 or something and she did
the actual math for me and was like no
he's gonna be totally fine he didn't
ingest enough actual chocolate
she was like oh he's probably gonna be
really excited and maybe had some diary
yeah here's the open page didn't eat one
without us knowing but even if she did
she's fine
not IDO heat funny man so naughty for
the rest of the night we're gonna just
edit our shit and maybe should broadcast
so this will be it for the vlog but I
hope you guys enjoyed that massive epic
fucking tower it created this is the one
she got into when I caught her it was
like half open he's a fucking bomb I
don't shit she got into these ones yeah
I hope you guys enjoyed that Tower
that shit was dope but I'll see you guys
tomorrow blah gonna say 21 all right
later
