what's going on you guys good morning so
today I have regular vlog for you but I
wanted to start off by talking about a
couple TV shows that I'm actually really
excited about since the New Year's
coming and you kind of just like wait
till New Year's for these two TV shows a
couple of them are new and a couple of
them I've watched before but I just
wanted to kind of talk about the ones
that really pumped for us because a pump
the first one is a new series called the
wake up call it's with the rock the wake
of Collins a new transformational series
where the rock basically helps people
turn around their lives for they either
don't know the rock built himself up
from a teenager with a criminal record
and he always talks about how he had
seven dollars in his pocket to what he
is now pro wrestler that successful
actor he uses his own experience and its
personal struggles to help other people
who are struggling get back on their
feet
and what's cool about it is it doesn't
only center around weight loss there's
also just life things happening when I
was in college playing baseball and I
fractured vertebrae I had to basically
rebuild myself as well and watching him
and the series really reminds me of how
that was so there's like dysfunctional
homes Runaways basically all sorts of
problems that anyone can face that is
what the rock takes on by putting
himself in the midst of all this chaos
if you guys care to check that show out
you can click right here and I'll also
link it in the description to watch
exclusive sneak peeks and behind the
scenes cool stuff like that the show is
on TNT Fridays 9:00 8:00 central so you
guys should give that a look next and
I'm sure a lot of you guys are waiting
on this is Game of Thrones okay so the
game of Thrones is an amazing series on
HBO for those of you who don't know I
mean you're completely under a rock at
this point but season 5 is coming out
next year they just released this like
10 second teaser it shows a little bit
of the Raven and it shows a book and
like weird angle of something under a
fridge on the watch it just looks so
insane it really had a great season last
season so that's coming up another show
I'm psyched about it's Bates Motel a
television series of the movie psycho
it's really really well done
the kid who acts as Norman Bates is
actually British I believe
as an accent but he covers it up so well
and he's an incredible actor and the mom
is just super creepy they built quite a
cool story and season three is coming in
the new year it's super creepy and dark
but at the same time it can be funny and
just a little bit weirdly relatable it's
a great great series you guys check that
out the last show I'll tell you guys
that I'm excited for the new year it's
the leftovers when I first saw the
teaser for the first season that
happened this year I was like okay this
is a premise that's really cool but they
can really easily mess it up I'm
surprised with how well they kind of
carried through with this awesome idea
of the leftovers that one day people
woke up a whole chunk of the population
was gone and the whole show is basically
about how people deal with that loss and
there's like a guilty remnant which is a
group who wants to remind people about
that loss and there's always this sort
of strength anyway you guys should check
out the leftovers but like at the tip of
my brain right now those are the shows
and I'm excited about for the year I
would urge you guys to check those out
if you care about TV shows or if you
think you might have a shared interest
with me so I know that vlogmas has been
more of a travel style for doing things
but I kind of wanted to do a sit-down
thing for today later on today we will
see what the day is planned I'm not
really sure exactly what's gonna be
going on but as usual I'll be updating
you guys on whatever happens one more
thing before you start your day like I'm
starting my day is get caffeinated
because that's what I did and that's
what I'm so psyched up right now
caffeination all right later guys hey so
I'm in the mood to get a little more
caffeine into my bloodstream but since I
have that eggnog I figured I would make
a little espresso and Penang nog in it
doesn't that sound so good but I'm gonna
do that right now
eggnog is so good it's just like sugary
sweet bad
milk we're gonna need a bigger Cup
because I want to enjoy this well the
bigger maybe the awkward square-shaped
up this cup is so weird because the
handles on the side so normally you
would drink it like right here but
that's like the flat end and you want to
drink it out of the corner so
technically like the handle should be
like on a corner but it's just poor
engineering let's get a little extra in
here alright now for the nog get that
knob okay okay I see you nog so bad for
you carbs and sugar I need the nog
now you're gonna stir it around yeah I
should stir it around
oh that's banging that's way better I
need to turn around I got I got full sip
of just its present okay
that's my eggnog espresso I might be
using that for as long as I have this
and if I get more I might just use it
all the way through the holidays as long
as I could buy eggnog icky legs one more
ok caffeination and deliciousness
that will work that will work you guys
are just dead and love each other can
you guys keep it in your pants nibbles
is a loner peas or in Betty we like
fanned daddy what did you do it
sorry romance story and romance for your
snips to the wrong man for yours
just kicking me is it fast yep
fast yeah Jenna's gonna record her
Sirius XM show right now and then we
just gotta do work after that Jenna's
got her extras to do I got vlogs to make
we got podcasts to do we got trips to
plan so it's not gonna be a mess around
anything we're gonna do this show Jenna
actually used to recording two shows
right now one for the Christmas break
and one for this week then we probably
go Mike or bunch of podcasts ooh and I
like do my videos you guys do your
videos so there's no time for a bottle
then we can't drive to Oregon and see
your oxfam anyway we got work really
hard we're gonna take a drive up the
coast of California and go up to Oregon
so that trip should be a really fun to
vlog I'll be beautiful you guys are in
for some treats with my camera is it all
right no we're gonna go hang out with my
keep it now he's a DJ at Sirius XM he's
super coiled him and Tommy do tennis
show every week but they hang out with
us okay
PG just finds little pieces of wood look
where does this stuff even come from she
finds it in the backyard and then just
brings it in for us as treats she loves
it she like meets it don't see it out
there and then she just goes and that's
for shooting out really is it sniffs
those things out there would how do you
even sniff those up anyway Jenna say bye
we got to do our show we'll see you guys
later and we'll see on the podcast we'll
see you on the blog and everything
tomorrow's Broadway's day 20 day 20 nice
work guys we're almost there I love you
guys I'll see you I'll see you guys
