all right it can't be below 55 degrees
all right now and this is peach
attempting to go to the bathroom
peach why you shaking go to the bathroom
come on what is that
damn it piece we're gonna be late for
your appointment okay good buddy stop
shivering you're not even cold
everyone this is my incredibly pathetic
and spoiled dog but look at this the
heat is blasting she's in a bed there's
a goddamn blanket on top of her she
looks waddled in it and she still
somehow crying and no for your
information she still hasn't peed any
out right now I'm taking this little
champ in to get her I think last round
of shots on do that so we're going to go
back over to the west side because
that's where our vet is so we're gonna
get that done when she's getting a shot
so I'll probably go get some coffee and
then when we're all done with her there
we're gonna go say hi to my mom because
she lives over there so just kind of
hang out for a little bit but then head
back because it's video day so we gotta
get stuff
done yeah let's just put it in when it
gets worked out okay yeah
hey I dropped a peach off just now and
want to get Kathy where's the Dunkin
Donuts like a block away so I'm gonna go
get some coffee and then I'll be back
and she should be all done but she was
getting all sad and crying because I
think she remembered what happened there
last she'd have liked it she'll be
alright though we'll get her in a few
minutes
then go see MA and my mom has two dogs
puppy and honey you'll meet them yeah
we're gonna get peach in a little bit
this is puppy my mommy my sisters are
peach loves puppy pop you you're so
pretty you guys have a little plating
I've come MMH isn't like being told what
to do teacher you so Wiley hey this is
the little puppy girl she was my first
love before I even met Kermit or marbles
or peach right puppy we go way back hey
so I'm just at my mom's house is my mom
see hi hi
my mom got I just went spinning she just
went spinning that's why she's all sweet
she's like a freak athlete okay that got
me wet hey my mom makes these blankets
and she made these this is for peach and
these are for criminal marbles oh my god
they're gonna love them so much like it
could be only what are you being a
chillier well they look like
cheerleaders all the eighties ever want
to do is be warm so this is gonna be
perfect I'm just getting these nice
little goodies for my mom so sweet
thanks mom thanks mom love you babe yeah
so Jenna's recording her song for
today's video and I wanted to show you
guys cuz it looks like my boyfriend
needs a b9 paddle apena a Connie bath
really tony romo socks to get backed up
Paulette I don't my face on that
day of Christmas my boyfriend you too
boo hey hello it's marbles upstairs oh
you hear the other hoods upstairs what
did I do for that last one so stressful
this is too much fun to not do I know
what she thinks it's like an emergency
it's really cute so this vlog is a
little uneventful because I had heat
should take care of earlier and then the
moment I got home it was video day for
Jenna and we've been conceptualizing
planning shooting doing everything for
hours now so we just finished shooting
and we're gonna start editing it and
putting it together but I just wanted to
get on here because I've kind of been
unable to vlog today especially because
we use vlog II to shoot Jenna's video is
it was just better for the type of video
we were shooting but before I let you go
we all know how much Jenna hates milk
but I bought some eggnog
and I'd like to see her reaction to me
drinking that really close and proximal
to her face so I figured I would be kind
of a dick up I didn't share that with
you come on hide the camera over here
somewhere and when she starts out today
I will be really rude and drink eggnog
near her
boriates not milk haha yeah some milk
it's not milk don't worry it is milk
eggnog I couldn't hear like giraffes my
own hell fuck God what it smell smell
what sweet and nice like our it is sorry
that wasn't mean I didn't have to do
that but we talked about eggnog earlier
and she saw me that she possibly hates
it more than milk I love you I don't
even know what the deal is like why it
just got so gross to me all of a sudden
like in my adult life I just can't like
milk and coffee is fine milk and fucking
some stuff is okay but like just
drinking and tall glass of milk just
just nasty and eggnog is disgusting it's
like thick so good you're bad so like
eggnog
how lucky you oh you guys have seen her
video by the time you watch this but it
was fun to shoot because she was just
being a particular character and was
completely spoiled about everything I
know I was like Julian are you okay and
he was like yeah it was just something
like when that voice yelled it's really
hard to hear that a lot like it's not
just hearing you can kick rap okay
I'm gonna go lay life without you it's
pretty jarring to the ears
it's a jarring song thanks for being
good smart about the eggnog I'll never
make you drink anything against your
will against the internet will crucify
me that's okay I wasn't that bad
felt like I've never drank milk before
it's the holiday spirit you gotta have
some I know cheers guys eggnog vanilla
oh yes no Bible oh please
she said she gets four I love her oh but
I but I did have fun shooting the video
today we kind of had a good time those
types of videos we can really have fun
because we're like laughing while we're
doing it because we think it's a really
funny idea that's it for today thank you
guys for watching the vlog I will see
you guys tomorrow for vlogmas day 19 and
tomorrow's vlog is going to have
something a little different than I've
been doing in these vlogs so I'm going
to mix it up a little bit I'm kind of
excited just to throw a little something
new in there so look for that I love you
guys go get calculated unless it's night
time
then get some rest and then get
caffeinated see you tomorrow bye
you
