good morning friends hope you're all
doing really well we're just getting up
in caffeinated as usual last night after
I finish the vlog I did want to mention
that Shane Johnson came over to hang out
cuz Jenna's friends with him and we
really like got to hang out all of us
and he's fucking awesome like we were
just hanging out and laughing and
watching videos and he's like the
realest funniest nicest guy you could
ever imagine
that was really really fun and I did
include that in the vlog so I just
wanted to mention it today Jenna has to
be on a shoot so I'm gonna be going with
her I guess they might need me to I
don't really know what the deal is but
we're gonna leave in like in two and a
half hours for now I might want to get a
little workout in or figure out
something to do physical because I feel
like I'm kind of slacking a little bit
and you get back into it but I will get
back to you guys soon figure out what's
gonna happen and yeah see you there hey
whatup guys so right now I'm just in my
closet getting ready because we're gonna
go to this show with Jenna in a matter
of minutes now I saw a collection is so
exciting I thought I would let you see
my closet because we're like at that
point now right guys are on my mad sweet
tais I'm gonna show you my favorite toy
ever this baby fucking love this tie
you're all like my adult clothes and
there's like some shirts over there and
more shirts tank tops over here my hats
mad hats and then all the shit that I
can't fit on the on the rack goes up top
and then my shoes are down there if it's
really just kind of a shit show in here
but anyway yeah this is my closet it's
pretty exciting right the dogs like to
come sneak in here and leave me presents
but I've been keeping my door shuts
right peach winning but I got to get
dressed I got there I went to wear and
then we'll be out of here and we'll be
on our way over that shoot so I'll see
you guys in a little bit hey so we just
got ready we're about to leave like in
five minutes or whenever breakfast here
agendas finishing up we're going to be
on our way soon we're all dressed
already
she looks all beautiful look up
beautiful I think Brett's Kara Lindsey
so we're driving next to this
convertible with top down they're just
all freezing
especially the ginge so cool now they
also look like they're rolling and
they're like mom's Mercedes converted it
gets cold out right it's like in the 50s
I mean that's cold for LA but they're so
miserable it's certainly cold to ride in
a convertible top down hating it the
ginger doesn't have a soul to keep him
warm so he's probably the coldest too
far I don't think so maybe roll up your
top it's cold
stop you're weirding everyone else on
the freeway out hey guys look it's my
store the bun shop Yeah right this set
right now and they're shooting nuts
we'll see you out there another room
everyone's here and Jenna shooting
something and Brett and I are just
sitting there laughing and being extras
eating chips drinking soda but at little
air be in my kitchen favorite you're
welcome
he's covering all the cups in his germ
diviners dinner all my other six of them
it was so much personality I know em
feel em sorry
oh you hit Julia great thanks Kegel dad
in the giggle dick what thank you man
it's like when you did the giggles all
right over here crushing my legs this is
the exact bun it's called the glamour I
I've never seen it up and close this
personal you know some people of buns of
steel but I have fun a
can I feel it yeah oh my god it's
magical
so Vail so so that's another style but I
should have included it in the bun
tutorial but what's there I have no
light there's a guy across the way
changing his dick out and everyone is
watching him and apparently he's
scrambling eggs not a distinct but like
for dinner
his dick is a hot while he scrambles
that's it that's danger cause it's flat
from the pan that's just an accident
waiting to happen
and everyone's watching disgusting and I
was about to tell us I could get into
the snake
and I can add another set
did you say do they like it you're
welcome hey you guys sorry I haven't
been vlogging a lot today we were at
this shoot kind of all day and that's
kind of where all the footage in
pictures I have came from I hate to be
this guy and I hate when people do this
but I can't tell you yet what that she
was because they haven't announced what
it is and I'm not allowed to tell you
but you'll see soon enough what was
getting shot anyway we have we have fun
time I got to meet Miranda sings and I'm
like fucking huge menaces and I was so
cool
ah she's hilarious in person and a
couple other people was really fun but
right now we're going to eat some dinner
and hang out kind of just decompress
from that long day the dogs have been
cooped up so we're going to spend some
time just chilling out I'll see you a
little bit he guys was up so this is
Jenna's purse she's had this for
probably like I don't know eight or so
years like a long ass home that she
loves it and lately this zippers been
fucking breaking like nothing states so
I looked up what kind of person was and
I ordered a new one for her and she
doesn't know sooro news I'm going to
take the new one and just replace
everything in it and scan to her yellow
want to say what happened all your stuff
like in your wallet and she's like what
do you mean no no and then I'll just get
rid of with everything loaded in it vo
she wrecks new BRB gonna switch all the
contents alright no one's all loaded up
what they were in there
you're almost on to me you're almost on
and even not quite yeah what kind it was
she like that color me out yellow
person's broke I had to get a new one oh
don't hurt do you like it yeah so nice
I'm like shocked
I don't even how did you find it sound
like a brand or anything on it
how'd you find it don't wink it over
here though no I found it with my
investigation skills okay I love it even
has this anyhow yeah guys are just in
here tricking me how'd you find this I
just did
yeah I danced I know it doesn't zip
anymore I was like no you liked that
purse too much to just get you a new one
I got HSN
hmm the only time that someone is event
like here's a new purse - we like
actually got me the same exact one love
you early Christmas present I was hoping
I was hoping I could prank you and like
after a long day of like what you don't
know exactly where purses I would I
would answer the door and pretend
someone a hand in need that empty one
and be like Jenna someone just came in
but you were with it in the last like 20
minutes and that came today so right now
it's gonna live a long life these things
are built great thank Christmas I know I
really like that thing it's a sweet
color I think okay that's it that's all
yeah Jenna just said she's had this one
since early high school I had no idea
what it ate it back how much that makes
me like happy that you have a new one at
the same time I thought it was maybe my
last year of middle school safely I did
14 years ago I guess 8 because I had
said for the other day to like way
longer than that sobbing okay maybe
eight but that's awesome that thing's
gonna last you well anyway I just want
to share that with you guys to go excuse
you go you're gonna chill I go yo yeah
there they are one hour that's a good
way to end today's vlog right blue her
heart's raining we should go help her
fix her heart see you guys tomorrow
thank you for watching this vlog vlog
miss you a lot miss I love how much you
guys are enjoying vogner's cuz it really
is the same for me I love it got a tent
to this broken heart I got attended his
heart that's too full of love see you
guys tomorrow
