hey good morning guys it's really crisp
outside
he was raining all night I was pouring
all night really windy - uh I won't be
up a couple times
PG here she just had act like a big girl
today and go body outside right so I'm
gonna go just like huddled in the corner
of the outside yard where it was like
protected and not wet still but outside
of that side so I'm proud of her so they
leave their toys outside they call all
the time and when it rain sometimes they
get dirty but I fucking saw this toy I
came outside and I thought this toy was
like a dead bird it looks so fucking
creepy
tell me you're not going to think that's
some sort of fucking dead animal but I
came outside I was like what the fuck is
that and then I looked at and I sound
like the seams and I was like oh my god
peach that your toys ridiculous maybe I
should give her some treats after
impiety like a cooker sit in other news
we woke up a little later than we'd
wanted to so we had to scrap the early
morning workout that we wanted to do I'm
going to little work or a little bit
come back and then we'll figure out what
we're doing for the rest the day we
might podcast tonight cuz we're trying
to get back to doing it on Fridays Oh
what you guys know what goes on and I'll
let Peachy here get back in bed with her
mommy and her brothers
see y'all
well I think someone said in the
comments yes tonight I should make
shirts that say let's get cabin dated I
really like that idea I might I might
pursue that because that's a I guess you
could say that's one of my mottos I'd
say everyday in the morning
let's get caffeinate because that's what
you do you have a good day all right
coming papi she in bed she's looking all
pathetic and sad and shivery are you
looking sad just finished my last bit of
work here and I'm going home right now
so I'll be helming a little bit and it's
going to be doing stuff that isn't work
which is a nice thing too nice thing but
I'm wearing my what are this shirt
represent I'll see you guys a little
done' you know right but these are you
running in there Pete you can't go
anywhere
these are your the treadmill so we were
just hanging out Brett came over per
usual and we were just hanging out and
we were like okay it's almost nine
o'clock and 9 o'clock is when BevMo
closes froz you don't know BevMo is like
the best liquor store there is they have
all the beer all the alcohol I know I
sound like such an alcoholic but they
have the widest selection everything so
if you're looking for a gluten-free beer
you go to bed one so it was like eight
fifty four when we left we jumped in the
car it's probably like two miles away
and I just fucking hauled ass over there
and we made it on time and then we did a
little bit of damage at BevMo you got
all that for those of you who are
gluten-free like myself those are some
really good beers you should try them
but not such a rush we just hauled over
there and made it and caused such a
ruckus and historic as ruckus thing we
were three ruckus we were rock I Ruska
ton rockin Ruska to give me a beer
that's where you go give me a beer we're
gonna try to figure out something really
fun exciting to do because now we have
all the alcohol so we can just kind of
enjoy yourselves and I'll log the whole
thing because I love you forever and
always deal wit out so we decided that
we're gonna play cards against humanity'
for your viewing pleasure Brett just got
comfortable we put on his sweater the
eagle and drink we go blow Joe's dream
so if you guys ever tag pictures the
screenshots of this vlog I better see
you freakin beer in your hand while you
watch it it's your legal age if you're
not I want a juice box in your hands
so click vodka what no I'm just kidding
I mean we could do you have we also like
to play you have as many as each person
puts down do I like that there's okay so
we're all going to put down to so it's
like there's six people point you're
staking my easy watch what's that smell
what's that smell
Nickelback Nickelback is that smell
what that's not brown people but that's
not the tape the ground up with Wesley
fun bridge incest
I wish I could put an existing in
Nickelback no it's like Duncan
demographic incest supplied and nickel
necklace yeah we were never like it is
this yeah classic Jenna drinking
Nickelback is incest it would have been
diesel eat dinner nothing that's pretty
good a bitch-slap what had been easily
for dinner but stop what has been easily
for dinner go-gurt very possible options
and nothing look nothing that's how did
it outside the box we're nothing because
he was watching Vin Diesel he's trained
which is great when you blink awesome a
theory kind of a mess in practice the
tiny calloused hands as the Chinese
children that
start awesome a theory kind of a mess
and practice and all widget production
of shit speakers Richard the third
possum is very kind of a mess infected
jumping out at people positive theory
assessments this practice all major
production yeah one why do they do with
the most extreme flavor yet get ready
for maqam do with their most extreme
flavor yet get ready for Mountain Dew
getting really high get ready for
Mountain Dew teenage pregnancies Zuzu
binging and purging your evil Mountain
Dew you farted a little bit what gets
better with age give it to me baby PF
Chang and spell what gets better with
age Vietnam flashbacks
I mean PA Chang himself clearly gets
better with age
yeah and by I blink is a slippery slope
that leads to blank oh so I got to bring
the gay way the slippery slope that
leads to blowjobs every photo I got nine
young problems with blank a one I got 99
problems but wiping her butt eight one I
got 99 problems with figuring out how to
have sex with a dolphin
ain't one oh my god because I know how
to do that that's why I saw problem I
got 99 problems but the gays ain't one
problems with Gloria balding one because
I had the game yeah all right last camp
let's go laughing I'm not like the rest
of you I'm too rich and busy for Blanke
too rich and busy for sneezing farting
and coming but no one's ever to mention
jay-z for that there's so much fun v too
rich and busy for kids with ass cancer
oh my god there's a trunk guys who are
too rich and busy for Michelle Obama's
arms Jack man using farting and coming
at the same time perfect
hope you guys didn't get too offended
that's how the game works that's the
thing
the game is offensive that's its thing
so we just finished our game of cards
miss manatee it was really fun and
unfiltered and really kind of offensive
if you hadn't played cards against
humanity' you need to play it and you
need to do it now because it's really
fun but that's all for today hope you
enjoyed the vlog thank you guys for
watching I will see you tomorrow day 14
of blackness we are officially past the
halfway point of blog Ness I'm gonna
look into getting a shirt for you guys
seriously though I want to gauge your
interest if I did get get caffeinated or
let's get caffeinated shirt please
comment and let me know if you would get
it because I would only make it if you
guys wanted it that's the only reason I
would I would ever make it so let me
know I hope you're having a good weekend
I'll see you tomorrow
love you bye
Oh
