oh hello are you excited for nothing
what do you think is gonna happen
good morning everyone I am here with the
lip Hill firecracker and then cone
are you a firecracker what do you thinks
gonna happen oh she just like gets so
excited for no reason it's really cute
we woke up a little bit ago and it is
another beautiful day out here in the
valley
I have a workout and then I got to go to
the AT&T store
I got a switch my plan that should take
up a good chunk of my day I will get
back to you guys as I do some of this
stuff I probably get lunch somewhere in
there Jenna's got a long as hair
appointment today for hair appointments
take so long because they just do
everything for her hair so she's gonna
be gone most of the day yeah I'll see
you guys in a little bit so a couple of
blogs ago I told you that I kept a hair
band in my wallet and it saved me for
that day because I broke my last hair
man and I just realized that that was
the flat kind of hair band where the
ends are like flat and you can push it
down the round time don't really look
that good in your wallet I don't know if
you can see basically looks just like a
massive condom and pretty gross maybe
roll it up or you gonna poop on me well
if everyone see I gotta figure out how
to make this not look gratuitous
with a GD store and I can't do anything
because I'm not an authorized user in my
account so that's really fun I'm like
calling my dad and calling
I got the wait until they let me make
any changes I'm just trying to give them
the money I don't get it
hopefully soon we'll be able to
let me change without having to
change my number because that's a hassle
don't want that okay hey guys so I just
rage quit at 80 I was trying to do one
thing and they were telling me a million
different things about how I couldn't do
it and about how I was gonna cost me a
million dollars so I rage quit I just
walked out I know I shouldn't do that
but I'm actually gonna try to do it over
the phones when I feel like be there so
I can just like kind of do it at my
leisure but that's that now I'm going to
visit Jenna getting her hair done she's
supposedly gonna be there for like five
or six hours because she doesn't million
things are her hair so I thought I'd go
visit her and say odd and maybe bring
her lunch but I don't know if she could
eat while she's getting her hair done I
might be funny to watch
I should probably pick up lunch then huh
okay I will hey so I just picked up
lunch we're gonna see Jenna but I got an
email cuz I've been really like pushing
to get my album that nightmare fuel
album on iTunes and I just got an email
that
iTunes rejected my track titles because
some of them are like ridiculous like
they have question marks and then
there's like tutorial a VI file so they
rejected my album because the track
title so I have to switch the track
titles a little bit and hopefully I'll
be up soon but there was a good chance
it'll actually be up by the time you
watch this keep an eye on my Twitter and
everything I'm gonna let you guys know
when it's up to download on iTunes it's
gonna be on itunes amazon google play
everything so yeah hopefully I'll be
able to get that fixed and stuff but I
just thought it was funny they're psycho
 you yeah just do whatever you want
the track title some of them have like
question marks
let's go see Jim Gray so long we're just
eating lunch while we stare at each
other
how's your lunch the whole place is
empty right now lunch on Monday I
thought her salon you're so cute
sandwich and a hair salon look at you
you've been playing your game that's
amazing AHA okay focus okay Prairie
Jenner I guess I'll get out of your hair
so I just thought the hair salon I'm
headed home to see the little Muppet I
got a real close call my sellers the
iTunes but I wanted to say when I was
coming home from Woodland Hills
I took the side streets because I want
to get cast because it's super cheap out
there and I kept seeing gas that's
really cheap and telling myself I think
there's a cheaper one in the next block
because I like always love getting the
cheapest gas not because I'm like a
cheap person I just it's like a game for
me and I saw my true 7900 I want it but
I think there's another cheap one I
waited like 270 all the way okay I think
there's one
down the road and there was it so I
ended up getting all the way here to
Studio City with like no gasps let's go
on the gone job I'm an idiot hey guys
just hanging out at the house just doing
some work I want to make it snack I
wanted to just make some like eggs I
thought I'd show you guys sexy visuals
of the eggs that I make because eggs
tend to look appetizing when they're
shot and really good quality so we try
to shoot some cool tricks
I like making my eggs a couple different
ways sometimes I like them sunny-side up
but when it's over easy like this little
butter it comes out really good so this
is one of my favorite snacks because
it's super protein packed and super
tasty it's super okay I'm gonna go eat
now I'm sorry for bottling it up my food
look was amazingly exciting here Dan
we'll see every 60 okay okay no but okay
they're good I call this why don't you
tell me what I need to collect except by
a lactic Safire that's gonna make sure I
should play a frickin high-fat game a
long time ago when Jenny used to get her
nails done pretty regularly and get him
my color and stuff she would like always
show me the color and I would come up
with like the most creative funny names
for the colors so when she came home I
just told her was galactic sapphire
video urine selfie gonna get dinner
right now Jenna and her Jenna and her
beautiful hair are coming too and I
really love that hair I'm like jealous
that you can pull stuff off like that
okay I want to do that so we're getting
set up right now to podcasts off in our
dining room table that used to seem so
big suddenly a little tight for space we
moved everything out of the office
because of the leak so everything is
pretty crammed right out this is where
we're podcasting like kind of the end of
the table so we'll get started soon but
hit up the blog for a second tomorrow
Jenna and I are gonna work out together
for the first time so she is no longer
working with her trainer because we
moved out of the valley she can't do
that anymore
so we're gonna go to the gym that we
joined and I'm gonna train her I'm gonna
work her out and we're gonna work out
together but I've created some semblance
of a program for her but I'm really
excited because I've never really worked
out with her we weren't you know at her
old place we would work out on the roof
where she had her little jump rope and
little space to do kind of bodyweight
stuff but this has never been something
like this so I'm really excited we're
going to get after it in the morning so
we gotta bust out this podcast and then
we will be done for the day thank you
for watching today's vlog miss and all
the other vlog missus if you've seen any
of them I'm really enjoying doing this
as you guys know if you guys have any
ideas of how I can kind of do anything
different that I'm doing for vlogmas
because this whole daily vlogging thing
is very new to me so you know even
though I upload a lot it's still new to
do it every single day so if you guys
have any suggestions of things that I
wouldn't think of the vlog around the
house or whatever give me up in the
comments and I'll try to oblige before I
let you go for the night I just got word
that Nightmare fuel is going to be on
iTunes by the time you're watching
yeah 9 for fuel is available to download
on iTunes right now in case anything
crazy happens I'll let you know on
Twitter but it should be up when you're
watching this also it's going to be up
on Amazon beats music Deezer Google Play
Rd il Spotify and YouTube music it's
gonna be on all of those not tomorrow
those there's gonna be like a week and I
have two weeks on average but iTunes
will be first and then you're gonna be
able to download it on all of those
things I don't even know what some of
those things are but it's going to be on
there I had to jump through a couple
hoops to get up there because they were
like what is this guy trolling about we
did it nightmare fuels up I'll tweet it
on everything but just so you guys know
you get the first peek at it there are a
few on iTunes I'll see you guys tomorrow
love you guys
