hey guys good morning I'm having a good
day I just left the gym Oh Jen and I
joined like a commercial gym together so
we're gonna start working out there as
well I was like waiting because I I kind
of wanted to have both it was really
cheap but I stopped it McDonald's
because it was like before breakfast and
eating I know how much umbra love max
ball and breakfast himself I got them a
bunch of breakfast
unfortunately I cannot eat any of it
it's fine I just
but anyway I was like sometimes I go
inside and I like I'm getting my food at
the thing and I hear like this girl
mutter get legs and I'm like I like
looking at it she was like I love your
YouTube channel and I was like why
because I was like that's crazy
did you just say get legs because it was
like so like under her breath I could
have missed it but I caught it like she
started laughing she was like yeah I did
I think her name was mrs. Asya
but anyway I'm delivering this food to
my fam and then I gotta go to work oh
yeah an hour
hopefully James's sleeping to wait
roughly since breakfast we'll see what
happens
Ichigo you are you exude me
Oh cute peachy you look so adorable
oh is the eighties I just realized she
put like 15 sandwiches in here oh my
okay
either this is a mistake and I got
someone else's order as well but I think
that girls just hooked me up with 15
breakfast sandwich there's got to be
like 10 at least in this bag oh my god I
was like why do I have two bags I didn't
pay for all of it that's insane I think
she hooked me up that's awesome thank
you that was really sweet alright take
someone else's order and I'm really
really sorry is like no I was like one
of the very few people in there
generally you need all this I mean yeah
I'm not gonna throw it out somehow I
ordered like four sandwiches for Jenna
and there may be maybe one for Brett and
then eight and then eight hashbrowns I
got zero hashbrowns and all these
sandwiches I'm pretty sure someone
fucked up along the way that's not to
say that she couldn't have like snuck
maybe that's still a possibility I
wasn't they got all Hasbro so it already
just means good orange juice how's the
breakfast going on guys
you're gonna be watching this on Sunday
but it's Saturday today I'm the Volks
that they had and when we get home we're
gonna watch the UFC fight tonight see
what do you want really excited for that
car though Lawler and Hendrix's and
tennis and Melendez and then a bunch of
other pretty sweet prices now before I'm
a little bit tired because we got a
drunk last night
every time you like get up early to work
out after like not sleeping much you
feel really good like to work out
who came to work marble came to visit
yeah he's so happy he loves it here he's
the only one we're measuring our levels
in the studio really far away from the
mic where does
we got this for ya
see that's Kermit take notes that's how
Italian Greyhounds are supposed to wear
clothes you look so cute baby girl you
look so pretty and majestic and he's
honestly looked like some of the most
majestic animals when they wear clothes
like the model we go eat wings and pizza
wash fights
that many nights a oh my god that was
way too many boxes you saw too much
going to and eat and then hibernate we
just said he's gone off because I said
you could take it off and just watch her
for a little well we haven't taken it
off yet at all cuz it's scary even tried
to make me yeah cuz if you love you take
back your sister she's just trying to
eat her face on everything I'm just
counting down the seconds until Travis
brown absolutely starches Freddie table
I'll get the matter of seconds now god
fucking pathetic stop the madness
hey guys so that's it for today's vlog I
know it wasn't too eventful but it was
kind of a low-key day how'd it go to
work so that kind of put a kink in the
whole day but tomorrow is Sunday and
there's gonna be a little construction
going out of the house so there's a good
chance we will get out of the house and
do something rather exciting so there is
that to look forward to for now I'm just
gonna put this together and have it up
in the morning for you I love you guys
so much every day this blog list is
getting a little more awesome I'm kind
of excited that I did it it's gonna be
fun to look back on for sure keep
hitting me up in the comments with
everything love reading all your
comments and tweets ah but I will see
you guys tomorrow all right
