back in LAX except this is not the type
of thing where we throw a dart of the
map and just go somewhere weird we are
going to chase the Eclipse I told you
guys that we were doing this is
happening now we're at LAX and we're
headed to Nashville in about an hour and
a half so waiting here for a third which
is Josie who is Colin's friend he runs
modern outdoorsman they're going to be
sponsoring the trip so he's coming along
back but we are going on a not so
last-minute
okay so we're like literally 24 hours
exactly out from the Eclipse we've made
it to Nashville it is Sunday the 20th
we're in East Nashville right now and so
many people have come to
Nashville for the Eclipse there's been a
lot of hot spots there's like organ
Nashville is one of them so as you can
imagine nothing anywhere is available in
any sense of anything there's no tells
there's no boarding anywhere there's
zero rental cars available so we thought
actually this was Collins idea I have to
give him credit we were like okay if
there's no rental car how can we get
around and Colin was like we could get a
u-haul truck
so so we're getting u-haul truck
so can I give a weather report yeah say
action go now say action action the
weather report for Nashville Tennessee
is it's hot as I know how are you
wearing pants right now should I take
them off oh how do you guys my
pants dude how are you wearing shorts in
dude these are my world-famous jorts so
this is our Airbnb right here it's cozy
common by the way I do I do cause all
the time where you take the governor off
: I wasn't clear have you did you they
drive these all the time yeah yeah well
then I'm doing now okay hold on good
literally scared right now this is
Isabella she writes for The Tennessean
and she's meeting us right now to take a
precious newspaper space on on us
right behind us is a farm land that we
are going to potentially be at tomorrow
for the Eclipse I just drive alright so
this is I think will be hopefully that
cloud off so what's been in favor
or memory work like working together so
far
we arrived in Albuquerque at midnight
grabbed a car and went to this tiny like
10 foot trailer that we've rented on
Airbnb because well you know we did it
so last minute we had no idea - do I
remember like really questioning the
decisions I was making and I was like
this is a mistake
well you're currently at the raddest
coolest aesthetic place I've ever ever
been it looks like a movie set it is
called the urban cowboy it's a B&B in
East Nashville and we're actually
working with them on this episode so we
came out a look and I'm just like I
don't want to leave it's so beautiful
here so we're just kind of looking
around I'm shooting a little bit before
it becomes nighttime earlier today we
went out to meet someone who watches
last-minute Raptors has been offered a
family friend's farm for us to shoot the
Eclipse on tomorrow which has been so
huge because we were that was kind of a
big question mark on this trip it was
like where we were gonna shoot the
Eclipse there's so many people here and
there's certain spots that are better
than others and uh fingers crossed you
know it looks like we have something
walked up nice for tomorrow but right
now we're just hanging out in the urban
cowboy if you're ever in East Nashville
even if you don't stay here I recommend
checking out this so cool one I feel so
hip and then I look in a mirror and now
I'm not I want to come and like visit
and yeah and just sit in a clawfoot
bathtub and was a clawfoot oh the one
where it's like sitting like standing
where are you I honestly can't see
follow my voice I really want to
emphasize how insanely bizarre this
lighting is right now
Rachel's over here by the way you guys
remember Rachel like I never thought the
lighting before the Eclipse would blow
my mind this much we're about 23 minutes
away from totality and it's already
actually getting a tiny bit darker
that's one of the four cars are honking
yeah it's weird you can kind of see it's
like it's like the lighting is yeah
that's weird it's almost like like
somebody's holding their hand in front
of a lampshade or something it's like
it just got completely dark
