good morning
sorry I hadn't vlog before I left the
house I was running Oh late so I had to
kind of rush but I snapped a hairband in
the car
and I was like probably 100% sure was my
last hairband and then I remembered I
put one in my wallet like in the slit of
my wallet repay your money and it saved
my life otherwise I would be rocking the
main right now at work so for all you
guys out there and girls with Wallace
keep Wonder Man in there feel safe so
I'm going into work right now be here
for a few hours and headed back home
help Janet record her serious show and
whatever else today is planned for us
but uh I'll see you guys a little bit
you guys want to go shopping at glitter
death I think I gotta grab a few things
there I just got home and peach like ran
over to me from the backyard like really
fast so I got a little concerned because
she's like going too hard in the paint
she's like running around the apartment
so I put her on her leash in the house
and she hates it PTV like a leash now
she she hates it cuz she's uh she was
just running and jumping too much and I
just got nervous hopefully she'll stay a
little calmer her her wound is healing
really nicely now so maybe in a couple
days I can let her off and run but I
just want her to just stay calm which is
the single hardest thing for her to do
ever always and that's what she's being
required to do peach do you hate leash
in the house I know it's not fun huh
she's like what I had double miserable
things on my head she's gonna be okay
Sheba what's out hanging out with the
other dogs because I feel like peach has
been the entire center of the universe
the last couple of days Kermit's been
really good this little one does I've
been when he's barking and everything he
really will be a outcast outcast
outsider so Jen and I are gonna probably
cook dinner and then I guess some of her
friends are coming over Chris and
glozell apparently they live near us so
they're going to come
- they're like who decided enjoying that
she just constantly wants to eat we're
coming is let it do breathe man excuse
me you're disturbing us Jew disturbing
up excuse me
then even scratching yourself alright
we'll see you guys in bed this is how
the vici hi oh my goodness this is how
the Wheaties been helping Julian do his
hair a good healthy good healthy such a
good helper good man bun she tells me
we're making lazy pasta again nothing at
all
I was trying to get to second base and
goes out you just stay here so he never
barks again they married adult Bart he
barks all the time we have
we have video proof
you guys are so campaign video oh you're
posing for video with you are because I
wasn't believing this that Marvel
purchase all the time he likes all the
time see who squats thing he has it he's
been quiet all the time
Oh for him was we keep lying on him
smells really cute marbles in goes out
phone goes Ella's mom screw up
girlfriend marbles you guys know marbles
doesn't act like that around anyone yeah
that's a total yack to the blog tonight
I did is this day line I did thanks
again for hanging out during vlogmas
this is really fun right
we should do another hair we should do
another hair video thank you see you
guys tomorrow
No vard missed a six yeah you guys
excited I'm excited
no no no you can stay
you can learn like woo we have some
leftover pasta me yes what are you doing
to my hair how are you doing I'm giving
you a nice little French braid a little
yo hair she's braiding my hair
I'm radiant like I would've girls here
braid me like one of your french girls
yeah you look beautiful
yeah I got it what pretty go yo Oh see
that's when you are sitting still that's
when you started when you came roll
around and then that's when you started
being defiant but if you like the
flashback
yeah I braided you like one of my French
gross how's it feel so good and breezy
like you're in seventh grade about to go
to the library how the jenna's ratchets
one we do seventh grade braids by
