so we just waked up vocable late because
we went to bed late maybe Waverly Oh
forever going to bed late that's how we
do but it's raining out as you can see
and we're taking Peach to the vet to get
her spayed so bro on our way now she'd
be there around 9:00 and then we drop
her off so that's going to happen and
she's a ginger right now staying warm is
raining
asshole
we go away Oh No
sir
Julian
Jenny okay
we get back
okay no work we're taking right now
vici won't get fixed I'm serious b.o.b
girl I don't baby like this no I don't
like it she just winked the do wait
she's so sleepy she tried to go back
upstairs this we should go vertically
you know ready we went to dunk in each
other
we got home and we didn't have peanuts
and Kermit is really stressed you're
okay buddy yeah you can tell something's
bothering him
peachie was like fine and then right as
I started to hand her over to the vet
she started crying and I was like teach
what you do - Jenna got to come with me
and I have to spend the day over there
which was nice
so we're gonna go back and get her a
three rib yeah she's gonna have stitches
you guys later I'm going to get the
weeds now right I just got a call from
the vet they said she did great in
surgery she's out now so they're just
going to keep an eye on her for like two
hours it's been one hour so we'll be
there around five and then we get her so
I'm really excited to see her and get
her back in my arms Kermit was like a
little bit sad but we got to spend
summer time in school so all right we'll
see you soon
Julian's the cat's had it with me it
just turned to my hand and was like no
more thing we'd opt hello hi hey Stan
you're alright she's dead well no
conversation she's great she just wanted
because she was wrong yeah anything
anything everything as well just call us
our zebra vibrant boy Joey tea up all
the cone of shame
yeah pretty good right there that's just
dang close just keepin me looks good
she really was so glad to hold her I was
kissing while a another fall yes we
cheese back with us she's super drug
right now and she's out of it P cheese
in her little comb we got her back
though they said she did really good
she can't even like give a kiss she's
really drunk
they had to take out a couple teeth -
because her baby teeth weren't falling
out knock out heavy traffic ahead okay
we got a heavy traffic and he'll watch
out she's so out of it
try
fun little update about our night just
at dinner and peaches still knocked out
but we discovered an obvious that there
is a leak we're dealing with that right
now we cleared out the entire room so
there's no electronics in here anymore
but that is what's happening with us
right now so let's see peach go down the
stairs yeah here you peach a feeling a
little bit better
she's starting to act like more herself
now so I think I'm just gonna call it a
night right now and in this vlog but we
will have more of the conehead peach
tomorrow and hopefully she's feel better
I just gave her her medicine so thanks
for watching take my peach pgz good boy
peachy no care Janet Sigma Y I will see
you guys tomorrow
