Happy Thanksgiving it's the jk jk
thank you expect thank you doctor we
just waked up and we're starting uh the
JJ's kitchen Thanksgiving Edition is
finally here she don't want a video
except the turkey out of the brine and
we did miss the little herb butter that
we put inside of the turkey
but we're still using the urbanistic all
under the skin yes we got a little uh
trip on a high right now which is nice
and then over here on the bottom we're
going to put the turkey we have a bunch
of vegetables and it gives a leftover
herb butter and over here I'm preparing
what is this way but if all the outside
the under the skin roll nice this time
we're going to put on the risk even on
top of the Prairie so this isn't get
melted this stays a room temperature but
we're putting a bunch of spices on we
got pepper thyme sage and a little bit
of salt but we're gonna know if that
goes under the skin so you like trend
around so we're going to do that and
hopefully just get the turkey in the
oven driven my pizza that's right yes
and then once we're good to go we will
start the stuffing in the potatoes this
is our butt right there so good and then
you stick it under the skin and on top
so we're going to just take some and
spread it around you get it up really
high up and it goes all the way up I
loosened it oh yeah you see that so then
when it cooks you can like see the herbs
and then it gives the breast really
moist it's delicious
thanks food which is makes religious
silver bein buttery
torture is looking like
we're seizing boss we had butchered
strings at least at all for arts and
crafts
more butter no butter is enough butter
and same goes for garlic that thing
looks so good
Brett Sierra he's saying hi the new
Kelly it's really all the camera Wow
I have that look at myself look at it
right this is Lucy I newsy oh she's so
shy surprise ever
the next regard yeah dogs giving so
because I'm left in charge of my own
stuffing that's what I'm adding to it
you can have bloom in your coming
buddies laughing nine slices just for me
I'm such a pig I'm gonna cook that that
bacon chop it up and then add to the
stuffing next I'll show you that later
so Debbie you wanted to tell us what
this is it's a PI server you can cut the
pipe but you can use it and then you go
like that but then when you start it you
know it it serves it science my guess
would be an adult is spinning
your money on things that you hate when
you're cooking bacon this is ragu when
it's like just about done like that I
like to turn it all the way down the low
and just let it like slowly simmer in
the oil because I don't like crisps
perfectly good it's a good Thanksgiving
from here on earth earth to someone copy
Oh copy Koch's hit noon Cheers
yeah
hey come conga I'm in front of the train
tips hello rimsky you have to get on it
so I'm going to be making gluten-free
stuffing for you Jenna's got the
potatoes going in there and the crazy
going in there but I wanted to show you
this setup really quick so I'm using a
half of a chopped red onion bought two
bags of the glue Tino brand stuffing you
can find that at Whole Foods and because
we're doing double with you for eggs
I'm using this stick of butter and I'm
also adding bacon because you can kind
of have every watts of the stuffing but
basically what we're going to do is
we're going to add the two bags of dry
stuffing into this bowl mix it up with
the four eggs add the bacon add the
onion add the butter mix everything
around spice it up as you'd like and
once that's all done we're going to put
it in a pan this pan right here
and we're going to bake it at 350 for 25
minutes and then once it's done that's
it our stuff is finished really I'm
going to start mixing up the stuffing
right now
so our stuffing is looking homeless
ready all we're missing is a little bit
of profit in the last little a which is
our bacon so we're going to wet it up
with a little bit of broth and then have
the bacon and throw it in the oven all
right so our stuffing is already all
were doing is and you're thinking oh
I'll show you guys I'm going to show you
the green beans I just poured like a
whole stick of butter on there salt and
pepper and almond slivers we're gonna
pop that in the oven like 15 minutes
that will be done last look at my
stuffing get in me stuffing where I
really wants my stuffing he's guarding
it from anyone else in his own face our
stuffing is completely finished
right before we stick it in the oven
we're gonna cover it with tinfoil but
that's what it looks like you're
supposed to Pat it all the way down so
it's flat
the potatoes have reached their final
form
you saw the transformation that the
potato just made and now it's just this
golden mixture of love a turkey is like
a minute away from coming out of the
oven that's what it looks like
we just took this spin it out of the
oven it's super sexy looking that's the
turkey oh it's so pretty
talking to the turkey we are finished
that is my gluten-free stuffing it looks
so good this is Jenna's regular stuff in
gluten full these are amazing mashed
potatoes and this is our beautiful
cut-up turkey green beans over here pies
on the other side of the kitchen we're
gonna go eat our Thanksgiving meal now
I'm glad you guys got this right Jenna
yeah happy Thanksgiving from jail in
this kitchen we love you guys hope you
enjoy I'll leave all the recipes in the
description we're gonna go stuff up
hearing thanks we're gonna eat so much
right now
Eddie say bye daddy bye daddy you are
all now slowly get gonna go get a room
with this plate final products right
here boys I won't say how many things
you
