I can't be MJ and J's kitchen without
going there good why mom eerie noises
over there I had to go edit my video so
you guys have to live in here you guys
have fun holidays family fun without me
welcome to JJ's kitchen today we are
making desserts for Thanksgiving we're
gonna do with backwards we're going to
cook the desserts for our Thanksgiving
first and for dessert we are making
pumpkin pie and apple pie Jen is busy
editing a video so in our place
I have her mom so Debbie's going to help
us out today and it's going to be
Jamie's kitchen I'm over here drinking
mine enjoy cost and of course it's going
to be gluten free as always we bought
our micro so there's no need for idiot
at nonsense this way to learn anyway so
we're going to take our pre-made pie
crust it's time to decide and we're
going to be working on our filling you
guys remember that purple cheesecake we
made the remnants of it mmm disgusting
it did it was really good when it was in
its heyday this is way past that it's
gross particularly it's like a purple
sponge of death first what Debbie and I
are going to be doing are cutting up the
apples so they're prepped for the
amplifier I've decided we're going to do
both bias on things because that's more
fun exciting and we have two people more
capable so we got all these samples
right here we're gonna wash them skin
them and then cut them up into little
slices so we're gonna do all that until
we have five apples worth of slices then
we're gonna mix that around apple
peeling expert that's one peel
over here causing apple carnage all the
apples are sliced and ready
Debbie's are the prepping them put it in
the bowl and while she was doing that I
got all of our toppings and spices ready
so we have our right here we got freshly
ground nutmeg
then we got our sweet rice flour
cinnamon salts lemon juice and our sugar
mixture so we're slowly mix in all of
that into the apples until they are all
nice and coated not only with the
toppings and then we go ahead and put
them in the pie crust but after we're
done with that we're going to let them
sit for a second while we move over on
to the pumpkin patch creativity legs
looking so sugary Debbie just mixed that
beautifully so we're gonna put that
aside maybe cover it and then we're
going to move on to starting our pumpkin
pie which we will be doing in zip ball
this ball is the pumpkin pie ball good
covering and it's gonna look nice and
pretty and we're going to try not to eat
it before we cook it it's for the eggs
in the pumpkin value you need four eggs
total but you're only going to use one
whole egg you're going to put one egg
into the mixture or just working in the
eggs in this forward here so one egg and
then for the other three eggs you're
only going to keep you up you're going
to ditch the light toss it back and
forth what this does is it prevents the
egg white from overcooking and causing
the pie the crack
all right so we finished our pumpkin pie
mixture that's what it's looking like
right now smells so good
it smells really good baby's cleaning up
you know I didn't ask Rita she's
constantly helping she's so helpful
oh you get so helpful many cookies
mother she has the helpful way oh yeah
that's right her mother so we got the
pumpkin pie mixture we are gonna add our
crust into this crust pan and then we're
going to slowly fill it with the mixture
and then the way we're gonna cook it is
we're going to preheat the oven to 425
and cook it for 15 minutes and then
we're going to lower it down to 350 and
cook it there for a 30 to 35 minute
and then we should be all done then
we're going to move on to cook an apple
pie Jenna likes the way the pile of your
mom helped me so much pretty looking pie
pie why you get so pretty like that I'm
gonna do good family indeed so we're
going to pop in the oven as soon as the
oven is hot enough
yeah so right now we're making the top
part of the level and so that's for
making the lies for that apple pie so
we're taking one of our cross country
the extra crust and we're going to take
out of its holding we're going to put it
on this honey Bordeaux flour and then
just listen to Daddy
she's mastered a little sure tonight
make sure that all right so we're
nearing the end of our pie adventure we
just preheated our second oven which is
like the toast of the revell for apple
pie but we look what we just did we made
it into a real looking pie which is
awesome given that it was incredibly
hard because it was gluten free debbie
is the MVP of tonight because she made
it happen
do we get to wait are you little at you
little hungry for the pies oh you just
sniffing me huh peach how did you get so
good looking
how is that even fair right yeah we will
show you the brine right now ah that's a
trash bag because we didn't have
anything big enough to fit the turkey in
are you showing the time
I'm doing a time-lapse you'll see that
looks okay
panting Frenchie thermal are so precious
and pumpkin pie is am finished now so
all we are doing now is waiting for our
apple pie to be finished and then
dessert night is over
papa pies almost done ken is in there
laughing our video fall is good with the
world marble we love his grandma more
than ever because he's always so on edge
but when you're is like oh it's okay and
peachy just over here growling are you
growling are you watering yourself
he's a loitering that's what she has
done
so our apple pie is finished it looks
like that which is so beautiful so we're
so excited to be done for the night and
we can rest and go to sleep and record
eating all of this sweet goodness
tomorrow but this has been the first bit
of our turkey gingers kitchen high-five
from all the way back there yeah we did
it so we back tomorrow with the rest of
gingers kitchen with our turkey stuffing
potatoes and everything else a lot of
good stuff Brett will be here it's going
to be exciting so as I am sitting here
with that - pretty awesome creations of
the night our pumpkin pie and apple pie
both one free
I just wanted to announce that upon
reading one of my comments on
yesterday's vlog of someone asking if I
was doing vlogmas I looked up what that
was and I decided that it would be kind
of fun to do vlogmas so I'm gonna do it
starting today I'll be vlogging every
single day till Christmas so I can just
share the holidays with you guys because
you guys are all so mad I figured it
could be a fun thing to do and Moe is it
for a challenge so get ready for some
vlogging because I'm going to be doing
it a lot I guess this is day one of
wrongness hope you all enjoyed this
dessert episode of JJ's kitchen for
Thanksgiving next vlog is going to have
the rest of the food we cooked and I
look forward to it'll be fun thanks for
watching you guys I'll see you tomorrow
you
