Hey so right now as you can rudely here
watching shark tank and pack we're so
close to being numb this is what it
looks like just how close each if
everywhere million things that's my case
right there
yeah we're just over packing right now
for those who don't know we are going to
New Jersey in New York for playlist
tri-state so that is going to be fun we
fly out tomorrow and in place of Rome
Jenna's assistant is going to be Brent
as Rome's pregnant she can't travel
we're excited to meet all the people at
the inn greets and all the playlist
events and the kickoff show and
everything we're going to do so it'll be
fun but I just wanted to go over all of
us packing right now because it's
salutis thing I will be vlogging this
trip and right oh let me get back to
packing we're there for right now it's
me Jenna and robe just kidding it's
bread we're just talking about Rome and
how she held up security in Australia
we miss you row but we're walking to our
game right we just got like expedited
security which was awesome and now we're
gonna go find our game so we're gonna
play now New York City that's right
see you guys who want some wet ones
pregnant Joe sugg fourth up pregnant and
don't pregnant is stupid I should buy
the magazine to find out
do i Apple
there's a pond below
Chase is here Chase is here he surprises
mr. fault lay he came and he brought
like a his own buffet of jakoli here all
excited everything we're all full and
beds thanks to my brother chase
this is chase that you guys don't
remember he's my brother this is New
York being a big ball right now but yep
all right we're gonna go eat more food
and drink and eat more food and eat more
food and get chase a woman chase is my
inspiration for this hair in case you
were wondering before you cut it off and
turn into a baller the big city you
along here he walked the ponytail better
than I ever have that's a lot okay
school and you had it like a leveler I
never cook again well that's because
your hair was like yours didn't mind
definitely on top yeah but that's the
inspiration right there hey you guys
know what time it is oh it's Times
Square
is that a good job yeah
yes we're just a couple of tourists
walking around New York City has like
2530 degrees right now we're just
walking around New York we're looking
for drinks and foods or drinks and
drinks and drinks with the side of
drinks that's where we are right now
obligatory drunk grog of the night we
just went to a bar for what like two and
a half hours and then right is were it
wasn't seven hours it felt like seven
hour it was good seven hours man we just
drank and drank a drink it was awesome
it was called the Long Room down near
Times Square but jhula was fine yeah so
we're like getting ready to leave and
close out and I'm going back to my seat
and this guy just insists that my seat
is his seat I've been sent there all
night and she telling me fuck you man I
was so taken aback it like harshing my
mellow I was so drunk and feeling good
it really did like throwing hey you know
what but whatever I mean it was just
really weird and I think him and his
boyfriend and his other girlfriend was
just all really way too drunk and I just
wanted to let the entire Internet know
the experience I just had anyway if
anyone tells you that your seat is not
your seat you better stand up for
yourself because that was your seat from
fighting for your right for your seats
yeah you believed in that seat before
anyone else believed in it right - no I
believe in your seat
believe in it all right I'm gonna go be
drunk at the hotel now this is our
bathroom at the hotel and why does she
shoot this because the mirror has this
light around it and it reflects in your
eyes which looks so cool that is the
only reason why I am shooting a video of
myself in the bathroom mirror I promise
that cool it's like a ring light but
took square and my eyes are all
bloodshot because I haven't slept at all
so we're not sleeping this trip we're
just doing I'm going to the kickoff show
later tonight and Brett and I are going
to go walk around New York City long
Jenna prepares for her serious
reporting in studio today at the
SiriusXM building which is good okay it
is training and emerging on you to speak
so strap on your internet pants can get
weird today
so weird I wouldn't have it any other
way
that's a big ass building that's a big
ass
Delfy I am nothing if you're still being
I'm getting vertigo birth that guy
that's a serious XM building Jenna just
recorded a show I think this is our uber
boobah I think is her hey over here is
this Muhammad alright we gotta go see
Muhammad
we just got Dunkin Donuts for the first
time and I think Jenna's dying she loves
Duncan so much
I got it something called a sugar cookie
latte so I use don't live up over all
the Nona top dessert for breakfast and
at 4 p.m. yeah we've you to sleep all
day today we did we slept till like 236
really yeah like
to keep cold
so much good we hadn't slept in like two
like I was waiting for this day to be I
know we were excited for this day
because we knew we had it all so we're
just kidding Duncan right now and then
we're gonna take subway down to lower
Manhattan and explore the world New York
friends eating his doughnut he's eating
his doughnut to warm up for his bacon
all right fine
are you g-guys copyrighted it's cold out
me and Brett just got hats
we got hats yeah right we got buns on
top that's awesome we're about to go to
my favorite restaurant and the entire
world is called risotto area and it's in
it's on Bleecker Street in lower
Manhattan and they have everything
gluten-free and like mad breadsticks and
shit I'm so excited I've been telling
Jen about this forever and we finally
get to go which is so sweet you might
have to wait a little bit I'm gonna go
stuff my face with breadsticks
oh I see it I'm so excited to see you
it's down there are you fine they're
playing cardio pong
having a wild Friday night right now
right Jenna
we're all just running max ain't nothing
but a couple of exfoliating masks hey
Brad how's your mouth mask burns so good
gonna bring light though it looks that
we're doing to mess they exfoli anyone
and then the acne beard ones right it's
for acne beards it's for beards for
years I think it's for only people who
appears are you to use it why is called
beard if it's not for bids this burns my
face guy take it off no
thank you
we're at playlist we're gonna go in and
meet all the friends now
Jenna's drinking her coffee getting off
caffeinated typey typey and there's that
high P and why P IBM life
that's so weird I'm Eliza that but right
next to a school in sir
career jokes we're gonna go see on
friends and Jen's get out a lot of
people
and talk
good luck thanks hey we're a playlist
that's great Jenna's meeting with people
that I got some friends over here those
are my friends we're just hanging out in
Jenna's getting all her friends where's
the red balls
we already confident but now is what we
need our real caffeine it's like a copy
meal yeah but you're copying appetizer
and you're copying meals and then
copying dessert which is a cake with
caffeine injected we're immature
who you sure yeah we're not.we Opry
heritage fucking vinyl jars we do hey
there's Tony from Brooklyn I don't we're
on the East Coast now we're yeah yeah
fucking cold right hey there we just got
done with Jenna's first angry idea but
Bret Amy he stepped up he was like the
room where our Stephen like started
talking in an Australian accent got all
our bow a cuddle our bow no but it went
well and then Jenny we all did she
crushed it she's over there just sitting
down cuz she's got a restaurant elite
but halal you said hi to me which I want
to say thank you oh sweet and I like
something nice man with mine got so much
action the man leg got a little bit of
look got a little bit of lumps off we're
gonna go bicycle and then get home and
just like Sue Ellen we're gonna swim
around in altar boy we're just gonna put
it on the floor we're gonna fill in the
bathtub with and we're gonna take it to
hold lay down we're gonna take a bowl
bath that sounds so gross I'll pull that
also let me know what you guys think
about getting a full color sleeve tattoo
Chipotle food cuz I was considering it
on the front of his chest
fueled by dye from the band his back to
a Chipotle I'll get a sleeve tattoo of
your food on me if you give me a gold
card and then maybe a tattoo or that
we're headed back to the hotel in New
York
we're going to do tonight alright we'll
see you later so I just got food
delivered and there was like 100 people
in the lobby waiting for the elevator so
they're climbing the stairs I'm on the
fifth floor kiss how many I have left 70
around the 22nd floor
this was a bad choice that's how you one
thing these better be the world's best
fucking Hollings I'm getting lightheaded
I did I just blacked out
hi foodtube watch it be walked day 2
team no sleep I'm super super itchy
right now because we took pre-workout to
be happen for today
and we thought it was really cold so
Hall dress warm it's not cold ah
China's got a panel and then a movie we
were done hopefully I'll feel better
when I caffeinate more and drink more
water and get less itchy getting legs at
playlist live to lift me and go
I want her to hit oh oh no not really
too far apart is right this is a good
feel right no
yeah yeah so close that's so weird
oh it hurts like it won't work
okay come on Carlos oh that's way more
comfy too more God you can deadlift like
five hundo slow all right push your
order you good I'm good
no good deadlift me I told you that I
wanted to Chipotle sleep so while we're
waiting in his being green I decided to
draw one
so here's much movie see that's the cup
and those are the chips yeah I got a
problem
I'm hungry somebody have a tasting I
sure do a facelift good Britt is asleep
basic it's not very supper uh can I go
oh my god Yugi hey she's a bitch my dick
knows I'm care about this blond bathroom
this is right dick you're wearing
liebhard
could you dig further ticks I don't have
a day all right I'm tired if you woke up
like ten minutes before we had to leave
the hotel because we overslept but we
were headed back home right now Brett's
inside getting our tickets and we have a
really great trip it was awesome meeting
everyone it was fun hanging out in the
city which we never get to do so we get
to go see our dogs down so we're really
excited about that
all right love you guys thanks for
watching
