hey there so I wanted to make this vlog
really quickly well Jenna do you want to
tell everyone what you're doing right
now I'm getting ready to shoot my drunk
art school so I need to get drunk she's
doing Power Hour she already did her
intro sober and so now all she has to do
is get hammered and do art it's a lot
more than that but I get to watch it
first and it's no joke it's pretty good
yes it does but I wanted to shoot a
little intro vlog because the other
night we were in bed and get your mind
out of the gutter now sir sir sir sir
you sir you wearing the shirt no we were
in bed there's like this point in the
night where we all let the dogs kind of
like settle into their spots and peach
just like could not figure out how to
get into a spot like she was digging
around she did not know where to be she
was digging around under the seats the
sheet and she kept like knocking the
sheet up with her head and it was the
funniest fucking and I just wanted to
give a little context because chromatid
marbles have like very specific spots
they fall asleep but then peach just
like she'll she Wiggles it a little
noodle over the entire bed yeah super
Winkley like she'll go to sleep in your
arms and then wait like you wake up and
she's just like at your feet like dude
she will fall asleep in my arms and wake
up on the other side of the bed on the
other side of both of us like she
somehow will transport within like three
minutes though she'll be like awesome
really thank you it's really she's
really Wiggly in bed it's really cute
right so we're gonna get back to getting
Jenna drunk and shooting some art stuff
probably when you're watching this we're
gonna be in New York / New Jersey for
playlist
we got a crazy week / weekend yeah
so you Domino post is probably when
we're on the road so yeah it's gonna be
crazy but Jenna's got like an appearance
at the kickoff show and then she's got
two big meet and greets so it'll be a
lot but we hopefully will sandwich with
some flying sandwich wasn't flying and
traveling between New York and New
Jersey which is a lot but we are up to
it Jenna's up to her we got this we got
this do it for the kids me I do it for
the hugs and the selfies respect respect
that you do that I know this is Julian's
blog channel but I hate that every time
I go to like playlist or VidCon they're
like yeah but you're getting paid it
always ends up costing me so much money
to go and like you know have the hotel's
food but she really means that mature
does no she does it for the hugs enjoy
the vlog and I will see you guys
we're not holding we're not we're not
holding the sheet up she's just doing it
with her head regardless
like he's attacking me I'm completely
still and he's jumping at my hand here
for 30 seconds and then besides my great
thing and that is why I was like we were
watching that house like why are you not
videoing this nothing you can't get laid
here but then we discovered the lantern
when you shoot a video
your face up marble you're a little shit
back to me marble I don't really I don't
know what set him off like I wasn't even
looking at him I wasn't moving
whatever we'll deal with that good back
good nice
