stealing phone No
hey guys welcome to Jillian's bog
channel I'm going to take you on a tour
of my house okay we're in the hall check
more of the hall would you look down
there you see Julian okay let's keep
going let's go back downstairs it's more
exciting okay we met okay
good work what time
daylight in our own we better get to the
living room here I come
look out guys this is my kitchen
good block hmm here coop here I come
that's Julian he's my bad act natural
he's coming
I hope you guys like the Torah house
we're gonna go watch Dateline I'm
listening oh it's see Li hot Oh tell me
she looked at you and went potty first
time ever you go potty and she like
looked at me thank her water so I came
in here and she stopped during this time
look over there she's just waiting by
the door it's so dope very important
moment in a vici like it's getting
better youngest girl in the girl pub
okay but it's not a girl pack I'm the
HBIC that bitch needs to fucking learn
herself it's right model learning I'm
hot bitch I'm duelin who are you the
dumpster that guy's crazy man minute
yeah he doesn't even go here I do go
here I graduated last year but I came
back cuz I like it I like it here I
don't want to come back here we done
this doesn't mean you're done use hand
it to me just handed the phone to me
like it like a child was done playing
with her toy and just hands it to her
daddy no daddy I'm done you done yeah
she's in a mood she had a long rough day
and it's clearly taking its toll on her
Oh baby girls no not a girl I'm gonna
keep on coming a girl till he starts
acting like a game-high me I'm trying to
hug you hey hey is it your time of the
month Kermit
you're a while to not like it but you
know how about to bite sometimes when I
move at me it's really angry he doesn't
mind
Oh attacking your other sister others
mister you're trolling pickup is tiga
Manteca good I'm doing your handstand
upside down llamo get up put ya the what
is it I don't know where you can get Oh
giggling my ball get it
oh don't attack him you gonna lose you
this is my good blitzkrieg eggy small
dig he's gone in the RV having a
three-way with my girlfriend of my dog
mm too late you're not pointing it at
all right
oh this mother should be all like I'm
dead because I am hmm
should be for all the people that I'm so
gross that you guys let your dogs look
your mouth yeah if you think that's
gross let's just show them this curse is
widening oh yeah Marlowe you thinking
one knows in his craigslist craigslist
as it says homie does noses no prefers
mail he's under this subsection MF n men
for noses my god
too real are like msn men seeking noses
what about noses seeking men that's
where you would log on if you're looking
for marble she's like full elixir miss
face like it's a cutest thing ever
alright good i know you just threw up
baby you still in the mood nothing says
forcibly a little vomit after little
vomit after vomit ass dog we're gonna go
back to our little hospital that we
escaped from no I was on a shoot today
and then they did a crazy shot like
makeup at the end they like redid it and
all crazy and so I tried to like wipe it
off in the bathroom really quick so that
we could go eat dinner and I was like
this is fierce
where's and also I'd like to note and I
can actually put it in this vlog that
when she took off her red wig while she
was changing in the bathroom and it was
like the producers hotel room so
everyone was like hanging on there we
dressed up set the bed like like she was
laying in there and we invited him back
in right
Jenna just wants to have a nap and they
walked in and there was like a fake body
with a with the wig in the bed
I left the lab for Jana he'll see we're
in like the changing room - Jenna's like
shoot and we're changing and Jenna just
took off her wig so we decided we're
going to put it in the hotel room like
this it's not a person is their pillows
and this is the way they're gonna react
so funny we're not going to see it oh my
god that looks really good though yeah I
wish you could tape it fuck we'll just
have to trust that they are freaked out
sheshu
she's just asleep looks real right
