hi we're weird and we're gonna click
some food today so this is episode of 2
- this is it - - oh this is J and J's
kitchen this is Jay and I'm Jay I'm Jay
and this is our kitchen i'm j MJ call
Jay Jay I'm Jay you're J I'm Jay we're
cooking our homemade Chipotle roll
remaining our homemade Chipotle balls
tonight and the way we're gonna do that
is this that's one way so I'm gonna be
making a rice and when the rice is done
cooking we're gonna season it like they
do it you pull like I'm gonna be also
making my own chicken Jenna of course is
having a vegan substitute which is her
her beefless ground so she's gonna cook
that I'm also cooking beans then we got
pre-made guacamole and salsa because
we're lazy like that and I may have some
sorry I've decided but she's also gonna
put cheese on her so that's a whole list
of things we're gonna go through it
we're 200 sometimes when you get hungry
you can't really just make it really
good about it
yeah so our first step obviously like I
said is to put the rice in the rice
cooker we're making two cups of dry rice
so it should be a good amount probably
more than we need tonight and then we
put two 15 ounce cans of black beans
into a little pot right here this is
what that looks like right here we're
going to simmer that with a little bit
of salt and vegetable oil and until it
gets nice a little creamy and we're
going to just keep it on the pan while
the name is off-key not thanks names
your rice paddle yeah my rice paddle is
your rice
okay and so Jena is also to tell you to
be very complicated process well pour it
in here and then we heat it up and then
you pour some taco CC chickens right
there so I'll come back to you when the
rice is done and we're gonna see that
that one's gonna look cool all right
okay bye so I'm gonna make my sour cream
this isn't really how they do it at
Foley we just kind of made this way up
it's really good so what we're gonna do
is you're gonna take just a little bit
of sour cream right here and we're gonna
put because I'm only when I have a sour
cream I'm gonna put however much sour
cream I want right in that bowl and I'm
gonna add these green chilies and then
just throw that up it turns into like a
nice like hot but not too hot sour cream
and adds a little kick it gives your
chipotle blossom finesse finesse what is
finesse so I was just preparing the
guacamole and Jenna came over and said
wow that's fucking too hot and then I
realized I got hatch chili guacamole
hatch chili is what you just added to
the sour cream but not even with really
hot ones yeah so that is fucking hot
it tastes like I just like went like
that and tasted like a brat I'm really
glad that I did it's really muscle it
dumped it on there we would just be like
sweating through our bowls all right so
we're gonna lay out a little bit of
guacamole since we got the hatch chili
guacamole so we just finished the beans
this is what the beans should look like
when they're done so those are done I'm
turning that off and I was just gonna
sit and I'm gonna cook my chicken right
now and then we are gonna be almost good
to go so for some reason our rice cooker
just decided to break on us and the rice
wasn't done yet so we're microwaving the
rice with little paper towel over
or sorry that your rice fuller pearl
races day she was gonna do it but it's
only like $15 yeah I was really crappy
cookers present to be exit yeah but
anyway right now we have all of our
topic today we got our salsa our hot-ass
guacamole or sacrificed our pain
cilantro and lime this is getting on the
rice
is ready and our black deeds are also
nice and ready getting their cheese and
this is the rice so it will all be
together in a very short time in order
to make this rice you need fish oil or
butter but for general use the oil salt
cilantro and Latin the way I see the
lime is you don't exceed if you're
making my two cups of rice you don't
exceed like more than two lines
it's a launcher I feel like it's just to
your taste so what we're going to do
first we're gonna add some oil
we're in addition to the line we're
gonna do like half of this to taste
anything you want you'll add a plan also
much sure we don't want a lot I'm so
good that's all cuz you need sodium to
see if Cubans work mmm game time yes
pretty that's all thick this is why
sometimes when you have a boyfriend that
lifts so many heavy drinks I just get a
really fat ass could you feed me so much
necessary part of dinner did you said I
had a bubble but instead okay all right
you have to like do the proportions like
we have X amount of right another model
of James's kitchen if you're hungry and
you just came from a workout there's no
such thing as a portion I'm gonna get
three chicken five meager sound yeah I
think I'm gonna skip on the cheese we
just have sour cream okay that's okay I
will skip on you just have to steam well
these are looking really good
I want extra cheese all that cheese wrap
so how about you really seem Ebel cuz
it's covered in a mountain of sour cream
but that is what mine looks like
there's our homemade Chipotle bowl this
is what we're talking about
it tastes like bay yeah taste cook is
amazing and you don't have to like that
bitch isn't give me like a half that
size of everything yeah this part about
homemade fillets you know the deal with
skin be serving some time right now here
my thumb okay oh I see you I see you go
iCarly okay
okay I'm gonna put some more
like hot-ass cuacamole yeah it's even
out nicely right because it neutralized
with the rice anyway we're gonna go as
usual do what J&J kitchen does when
they're done showing you that is eat and
eat and then Oh
