we went out last night and I think Jeb
is so drunk she's been doing this for
like 15 minutes there's no better way to
get sober than dancing around in your
bathrobe in the backyard that's
absolutely true preach to Big Sean to
Big Show
oh my god what is happening in case
you're wondering we're gonna be going to
a baby shower later so we're gonna be
around other people and we're gonna
sober up we're probably gonna take a
drunk Jenna - Babies R Us to get
something from the registry we're so we
got our coffees Brett and I are on our
way crepes coming from work right ready
been up like seven hours it's like nude
he's gonna all the way since fucking
sunrise I'm drunk on the exhaustion
that's awesome
I would rocked up today
we're in Babies R Us and Jenna keeps
inappropriately telling me to put a baby
inside her
because she sees all the cute little
outfits and she gets really sad it's
here's another baby you and little boy
right you little boy you look perfect we
should get help we're in furniture I
don't even have that here where are the
swaddles we are so lost right now
I don't know here the burn pads we could
just get like one of everything
you got ready on disease hey just keep
one in your car keep one god
I was for a while I want to get to there
this one right here in the middle is
Kermit to a team just keep cilium we're
gonna knock joking this one's like buzz
over here yeah he's like stealing it
words the stuff it's a Kermit and then
there's a buzz it's like there's a
client where you stand and you're
marvelous all the way over there yeah
growling at barking hold water so we're
getting really drunk with Brett and
Santos tonight and I figured I might as
well make a blog because if it's really
really not the worst thing in the world
I meant posted so we'll see how we go
okay Cheers
so many alcohols two years ago Victor
dad what wait can you skip the adorable
chrome casting an ad wait whoever made
this video should get like 50 times that
they're gonna get use its chromecast
he's useless
why don't you hire Santos for that right
I can talk he's got the voice of an
angel that man has the voice of an angel
that's for all y'all
drunk blogging is like the words well
it's like you're basically like you know
when you're like really drunk and you're
with people and you're like am I being
too outlandish no but with this you're
like there's a camera and you're like
you're not giving me any feedback you
look the same as you always look you
little sexy fucking camera so I have no
idea how I'm acting I don't even know
why I'm choosing the blog while I'm
drunk that's always a bad idea Brett
it's never a good idea see what I mean I
hope you guys are getting accustomed to
hanging out with Brett because he's like
here all the time he's like our brother
smack breath summer home hashtag brett
is big bad it's been marble
keep it to yourself son we're literally
okay just if you guys ever need like a
fun thing to do invite your friends over
by a bunch of alcohol if you're a legal
age and chromecast youtube music videos
the entire night while you drink and
talk about them and dance and vine and
tweet it Instagram and do all that shit
you'll get really drunk you'll get
really drunk
it's never good but it's so much fun
what are you playing mix everything a
song I was like I was like let's play
bounce that dick and Jenner was like no
we're gonna see that that sheets fire
watch the shame without a watch bounce
that day across she's outside oh okay I
see you Julian so we're gonna play down
that dick
that's my girlfriend yes
Oh
ooh
yes
nice
they're back together reunion tour s
club 7 back together but who's falling
asleep Jenna Queen accusing people
falling asleep and you fall asleep
god dammit ha ha ha this sense of humor
stop trying to have a relationship with
me music and replaying Chingy tonight
we're not thank you me and Brett are a
hundred percent playing like tag with
the fucking chromecast like we keep
hijacking it from each other did you
take it back from me as you can get
I had a fucking strong lined up and he
Brad took it back but we're like taking
over control of the chromecast bullshit
yes yes no one else is sad about the
fact that blac Chyna and Tiger broke up
sorry I don't get me hey Jess stop
yawning Oh
Kaiser guys ready for Kaiser
like money like the drug I think I'm
suppose I might get bird cuz that's fire
you
