hey you guys so I just realized this but
this video is my 100th video that is now
on my channel here on YouTube and I just
wanted to include this little message
because I didn't really realize it was
going to be my hundredth because a lot
of my videos are really just kind of
like clips that I have uploaded from my
phone like super ghetto vlog style but I
mean 100 is 100 so I wanted to take that
in consideration and recognize it and
just set a huge huge thank you to every
one of you because you guys showing me
that you care enough to watch my life
and to join me in this human experience
and just choose to click on my videos
you guys are so amazingly loyal and it's
gonna make a hundred more so for my
hundred video I chose to upload this
blog of me and my sister going down to
Chapman University to visit my brother
who now goes there oh we just took the
day to spend out there and just kind of
hang out with them and I decided I would
just kind of vlog a little bit so you
guys can meet them so that is this video
and you guys enjoy it is my cousin's
maybe okay I'll see you guys later
hey what's up so today I got a little
bit of an adventure going on I am going
to go right now and work out your little
training in and after I'm done with that
I am going to pick up my sister and then
we're gonna go see my brother at Chapman
University down in orange so we're going
to take a little day trip today to see
little brother this should be fun I've
seen him a couple times since he's been
down there this semester I just haven't
gone down there but that is what we're
doing in buckle up
all right so it's only noon and there's
already a massive change of plans I
forgot that it's Veterans Day like a
dick but my gym is closed no one's
fucking there now I'm just saying in the
car wanting to like crawl out of my own
skin because it just took pre-workout so
if any of you have ever taken
pre-workout and then not worked out you
were aware of how I am feeling right now
and it's very weird
now I'm gonna drive over and pick up my
sister and we'll just kick on a little
earlier I guess if she's ready I gotta
see if she's ready but no workout today
in honor of Veterans Day which is fair
okay hey it's my face off okay bye so
I'm at the beach right now I'm probably
asking yourself why is he fucking Beach
I came my sister's place early because
you know my gym was closed and she's not
there yet I think she's in class she
lives near the beach so I just went to
find a public bathroom because I had to
fucking pee really bad the top of the
fact that I was like pre-workout bugging
all over the place from all that
fatality but when you have to pee like
that bad
you're like animalistic about it it was
like hunger and needing to go to the
bathroom
that just turns you into like a primal
creature and I was just that that
hierarchy of needs though you're welcome
for that incredibly necessary update for
my life goodbye you guys are gonna
titmouse Park I'll meet you there
we're in the marina right now and that's
my sister Roxanne shoots guys she gets
legs we got coffee right now so we're
gonna caffeinate our brains out right
yeah we're gonna like speed drink our
coffee because no rules and we do what
we want on and we're gonna see our
little redheaded brother in a like an
hour X we're going on an orange
where he stays that's where all the
redheads stay here ginger town USA but
it's gonna be poppin orange is like one
of the craziest towns in the USA there's
like 50 plus aged people everywhere it's
the oldest town ever anyway we're gonna
go and have some Chipotle will show you
what he looks like you see Marlon before
you guys
just
can't handle bus he needs to have fun
therapy all right we're gonna we're
gonna be safe now okay bye
we're in Orange waiting for the ginger
he climbing in your windows he's
snatchin your people up so hide the kids
hide your wife and hide your husband say
repent we don't find you fine i'ma go
down you are so dumb I like always says
snatching your people up what what are
your people you own people where is mom
he's riding a red bright red bike which
is perfect
he should be this bike I fucking gave
him Marlon gave you that bike there is
it's a ginger in the wild voltage
sportin inhibits a natural habitat there
is no what up what's up looking good
dude hey doing good stuff rocks so we're
just waiting for you yeah I've been here
for like two hours huh yeah if I come in
where are you across the street all
right yeah we'll get out I spiked mine
phylidia mom's photos right now he's an
expert to photographer
what is your photo class right yeah huh
that's home gonna love you girl G these
are really good man
she this is legal pose got a picture
here this looks like it could have been
like from like the 50's
we're like the 40's back here and then
there's pumping 2014 so burnt your does
look old doesn't it in the background
which shoots there's something like
really emotional about all black and
white photos you know yeah brothers so
deep I want to get teeth like my brother
pole a pole a pole a pole a pole a that
was mom's house mom's got a cool house
doesn't stop can i crap out breathe
minutes mission only nigga runs you guys
I'm keeping points for it well I just
got bored so we grappled each other in
the living room and we got a bunch of
red runs look at em he's all red
his hair is red an advisor look at that
body though huh um yeah I would need him
right in the face we stopped but hey I
didn't get a workout today cuz my gym
was closed so I was perfect it's remind
my brother who's boss come on look yeah
that's right I'm boss oh wait no yeah
that's right now right he said it
see he's lightheaded because I just
picked choked about ten times you see
that yeah I need him like square in the
fucking face on accident accident
come here we're about put like no one on
top of the other and then the counter
for you guys take the top one off and
just say deal with it
one two three you are they amazing I
don't think they understand how amazing
that is it's an internet thing we're
getting freeze-dried ice cream made with
liquid negative nitrogen
it looks like it's science laughs I
can't mistreat yo- 321Â° he said it's
all cream there's no ice crystals so did
you get fatter and yeah I'm spilling
everywhere but it's so good this is
really good I don't think you do so
we're at Mom's place right now
let me just as you can see a stark out
because it's daylight savings a good
start at like 2:00 p.m. and we are just
finishing off our fun little sibling day
so I wanted to let you guys say goodbye
hey y'all this is Marlin Roxanne and
Julian signing off one last time here
you heard it here first
that's fucking right you'd listen to him
is what is what I'm saying we just been
like fucking repeating old shit that we
used to say as kids and also watching
old ass videos of us Marlon I used to
vlog and we were like little kids but no
internet we've robbed and just never
posted it we just blogged on my dad's
little flip camera for me yeah my dad it
was like before you like YouTube and my
dad has them and so we were just
watching them and they were ridiculous
so if I can get my hands on them but you
probably can't because the computer
files are in the computer in the two
cubes and we have the house to ourselves
all tomorrow's roommates left so we're
just going to trash everything and pee
on their pillows I'm just getting a
really cool Logan Logan and zappy yeah
oh shut up Logan and jockey for being
the realest homie said oh okay
just said you're excited that they
weren't here I was kidding their mommies
but they have finals like he had like a
14 page study guys you don't care about
his finals okay I want to see you guys
later say goodbye okay bye good
