so I'm at this giant studio space right
now I'm gonna be here all day here and a
couple other locations because today is
when we were shooting the short film for
buffer fest some light over here
Kenan in this light this is a giant
studio area that we reserved and we're
shooting with Elijah and Kristine and
Jeff J Cyrus Colin's tag team in this
project I mentioned that my buffer piece
this year wasn't gonna just be about me
it was gonna be a logical production and
it is but it is my first I guess
directing job of a short film a
fictional short film so that is kind of
what's going on today we have all the
gear in the world and it's in here we
made sort of like a a deer table for
everything we have gathered a couple of
set pieces so these are kind of all the
set pieces we're going to be using today
I'm incredibly excited also a little bit
nervous and ready calling me right now
yeah what's up oh and email you mean
yeah yeah they're gonna be here sighs
give it to him in person all right okay
bye
a little information about the short
film is called eat clay love starring
Elijah and Christine and Jeff and is
this quirky little weird kind of goofy
script that Colin wrote and today we are
shooting it we're gonna try we're gonna
try for the entire shoot to happen today
I'm gonna do my best to vlog kind of as
it goes along but for the most part
we're just gonna be filming this this
thing just it's a thing I don't know
else to call it are you doing in there
it's our main character for the day
let's stop there so it looks good like
my ass it looks amazing in the script
it's very funny it's very funny it's
very descriptive I fucking love colonies
so body I'm trying to Jean
Christine herself is that a wrap Oh sat
down for that it's rough we we wrapped
up get your camera's out yeah I just
wrap shoe let me sit in this chair I
need a verbal confirmation that your
this the first comma out of the total no
you're not Eat Pray Love I'm sure
clay we're gonna be auctioning off these
these scripts for charity yeah wait you
want to see your cool trick worth ten
dollars fifteen now what an absolutely
insane day crazy experience we shot the
entire short film and that was like the
first time I've ever been the directors
role in anything like that so today was
wild a lot of fun a lot of really really
good stuff I'm really excited to see how
it comes together once we get a lingual
we'll really see
what this thing looks like but this is
gonna be the buffer piece this year I am
going to buffer fest and this is the
piece I'm submitting very excited about
it but I'm also very excited that we
kind of hammered out a script in like
shooting everything the way we did this
guy oops this guy right here he's a
little uh his little treasure I took
from set he was used as a prop and I
came home to a wonderful surprise Jenna
surprised me with a prom and it was
probably the most adorable thing in the
world I was so sacked and like in my
headspace about what we had just done
and thinking about the film that I was
like so out of it but it was so cute she
decorated the whole dining room and put
confetti and music and recorded this
hilarious song I want to play the song
dogs about you in the back but there's
definitely cheered me up anyway I had a
tiny issue in preparation for the
Eclipse shoot now it's not a very big
problem because the primary shots that I
have planned for the actual Eclipse and
when it happens of the sky and of the
Sun don't really involve shooting tight
shots of the Sun before totality or
totality is for those who don't know
it's when the moon is completely
covering the Sun and you can safely take
off your solar glasses and you can look
directly at the Sun and it is it is that
iconic looking like black circle with a
ring around it that's totality you don't
need a filter like a 15 stop ND filter
that you can see the Sun through you
don't need that for totality but I had
one anyway I showed you guys I was
practicing with it the tiny minor issue
that I've run into yeah
this is my solar filter now let me just
explain okay I was practicing a
technique that I think was going to be
very useful in the event of quickly
removing this during the Eclipse by not
screwing it all the way on so I just
screwed it on like a little bit so that
I could really pop it off turns out when
you screw it on a little bit it's not
really secure and I grab my lens and it
went flying and then smashed on the
floor so this is broken luckily I didn't
buy a really nice why I bought kind of a
cheap one but now I'm kind of looking to
make DIY filter problem there is all the
solar film that you buy to make your DIY
filters I've sold out everywhere and I
just feel like a total what's the word
idiot like I said it's really not a big
deal in the grand scheme of things
because we have a number of really
really cool shots that we're gonna
execute I know we are that don't require
this at all so this is just bonus but
that is gonna be a project for me to
figure out before we leave this weekend
anyway I'm very excited for everything
that's happening right now
I'm gonna go give Jenna a kiss so cute
okay I love you we never do get to go to
prom I would have liked that but we did
today I love you
you
