what's up guys Julian here and I'm gonna
do another episode
Oh JJ's kitchen except the other Jay is
gonna be here for the first part so I'm
going to basically prep everything and
do a first run-through of the meal
without the other Jay so it's going to
be Jays kitchen don't be J in this
kitchen so what we're going to do today
is black bean burgers as usual we will
be making Gemma's V unit line not vegan
so we're making the burgers completely
out of black beans which is really cool
so basically for this recipe you're in a
black beans of course a little bit of
flour if you're going to go do it free
or reduced little pre flour you're going
to need some dnase of mayonnaise where
you prefer one line a couple of red
onions whatever bacon you'd like to put
on top of your burger and whatever
cheese you guys want on your burger
lastly you're gonna need buns using the
candy bake house gluten-free that's good
for those cool free breads but also
we're going to need salt garlic powder
chili powder and of course parsley so
those are all the ingredients you're
going to need to make these badass black
bean burgers a really easy to make we
made them probably 50 times together
another really good thing about this is
if you double the recipe which what
we're going to do which is what we
normally do because we just like to eat
all the time this is a really really
easy leftover food so all you got to do
is just basically pack the patties away
and what you want to eat it you just
throw it on the grill for like two
minutes on each side of cheese and
you're good to go
so our first step is going to be to put
these in the food processor and if you
don't have a food processor you can just
mash them up like with some sort of
gnashing tool for a fork it's just more
work that way but if you have a blender
or a food processor that is the best
option so we're going to do that we're
going to drain them and we're recording
the food processor and get them into a
nice creamy substance one more thing for
estimation while I make this movie I'm
gonna be here if you want to know the
reason for that I'll write it below in
the subtitle Cheers
so we are going to now add a minced red
onion to our black bean mixture that we
just took out whether ah
who turned on the notebook alright so I
put a fair amount of onions in here
cause I'm a fan of red onions and they
taste really good we're going to mix
that around until they get nice and
distributed into mixture now we're going
to add all of our spices into the
mixture and we're doubling the recipe
remember so that's good
three teaspoons of garlic powder but our
motto here at JJ's kitchen is no garlic
is ever enough we also have a lot of
other models like we don't have an
ingredient bucket move on four teaspoons
of parsley two teaspoons of salt so then
once we have all of those ingredients in
our bowl we are going to add a cup and a
half of flour a little bit at a time so
slowly edit it don't put it in all one
the flour is really good at holding the
recipe together as if it's like one mole
burger because we don't flour the burger
just going to kind of fall apart alright
guys so we have our mixture completely
ready we only needed a cup of flour
sometimes you need more sometimes you
left I guess it depends on the flour
that you use but now we're going to just
mold them into little patties whatever
size patties you want we're going to oil
up the front end and we're going to cook
them for a couple minutes on your side
after you put the once you can put
cheese on it and bacon if you're going
to do that
but that is basically the bulk of the
recipe right there so I'm going to fry
these up and then
put all the toppings on oh and we're
going to make our aioli which goes on
top of the burgers you just need to mix
however much the only want VNA's squeeze
one whole lime worth of juice into the
mixture and a nice hefty teaspoon and a
half chili powder
when you're done with the only top and
burgers and then here to go
you
so as you guys just saw this
you're left with this is the black
Beamer so I'm going to eat this one now
and we didn't get something a little bit
of a surprise or we're having some vegan
ones ready but I don't film active
see that but I just wanna include the
first half of my show you guys me take
my body from this masterpiece because
I'm a you guys like watching the eat
dude I'm supposed are you animals ocean
walk and I am back I am alive after I
hibernating for like 30 minutes up to 80
max because it was so good
and now Jenna will be on her way home I
believe she's gonna be here like 20 25
minutes so I'm gonna start preparing
hers so I'm gonna take patties that we
have left and all over vegan shenanigans
and I'm gonna get her a burger all ready
to go and I'm gonna hopefully time it
right so by the time she gets here it's
already in hot this is one of her
favorite meals because we've had it a
bunch of times together and it's just
one we really enjoy so hopefully she's
really happy and you know what I'm not
being super nice this is just how you
gotta act and then me like take care of
each other you don't even think of it as
being nice so I see a lot of comments
were like oh he's so sweet so sweet and
I appreciate that but really at this
point when I do things like this I want
to do it because I know happy and makes
her cuz she does the same type of thing
happy it's a really awesome thing
when you guys get to experience having
someone that you like totally enjoy
giving things to and making them happy
it's pretty cool Wow didn't mean to get
all sappy on you but there it is so I'm
going to heat up her burger and
hopefully get a video of her coming in
to see what is waiting for all right see
you guys in a few that's page with
Jenna's in the room mommy's underwear
you look better than yours
hi how was it
hey I got a question you want to be in
the end of an episode of JJ's kitchen
yeah I agree
it was feature disregard a J's kitchen
you like my fingers
by yourself yeah I did a whole tutorial
video and I told them I was going to
have you so I was just gonna make you a
deal and then you
d and you got your de bacon arm it's
good though
why
we're gonna be hungry after something
like that next time on J&J kitchen
you're cooking
I know how was his genius kitchen is
just Jay I had to improvise
thank you probably to get baking I will
smell together again aah oh you baby oh
he's so excited Jen's gonna have a bite
before he's No
oh my god hey Olli yeah of course that's
when we make a bargain burgers yours
looks good put an egg on mine
the world you know me
plan out my martyr all right now
I know she was shooting all day and I
knew she's going to start and she was
and I gave say that you know she
deserves it she's working yes ladies
she's been up all day
that's all thanks for watching see you
guys next time on today's kitchen
