welcome back to Julien's kitchen tonight
we're going to the Far East to cook it
some spring rolls right yeah yes also
she's making mushroom bisque to go with
our vegan for her and not vegan for me
spring rolls so we have as always I'm
gonna post a link so you guys can see
the recipe and so they are vegan not
like yeah and I'm going straight up beef
because I like that and it is okay for
me because I'm not vegan anyway so we
have chopped up so far we hadn't dropped
it everything will be chopped up cabbage
the green onions and scallions and then
left over we have peach that's my shoe
so wait earlier today she's like I was
in the living room and she like ran in
and like she tried it out and I was like
what does she have and I looked over and
she had a shoe in her mouth and I was
like peach and she dropped it just kept
running like she's like all right I'm
out anyway so left over we have the
cucumber and then put bean sprouts
ginger soy beans our edamame
so those are all gonna go inside of the
spring rolls along with my protein which
is beef and Jenna's protein which is
vegan meat and I've made this
in mongolian beef sauce to go on my beef
so right now I'm gonna chop up some of
the rest of the vegetables and then
we're gonna have to soak the spring roll
wrappers and I'll get back to you once I
have that done we have chopped up all
our vegetables right here yeah scallions
in this brush and Obama lettuce carrots
cabbage and cucumber so now we're gonna
make the dipping sauce so we need 8
tablespoons of peanut butter this is
basically probably empty so we're going
to have like maybe 1 out of here and
we're going to get the rest out of here
so we're gonna have a lot of Pizza
alright so we just added all of the
ingredients in here that looks like that
except we still have our freshly minced
ginger which is right there it's add a
little bite to it and then we also have
red chili pepper to taste which means
the entire bottle so we're gonna do that
and then we're gonna whisk this thing
together and then our peanut dipping
sauce is done so this is what it's
starting to look like super good it
smells really good just like it does in
the Chinese restaurants so right now we
have all of what we need for our spring
rolls sauce and everything so the last
thing we're gonna do is I got to prepare
at my steak cuz Jenna has her be ready
and then we're gonna soak the rice paper
and roll them up and go to town so I am
frying up my mongolian beef that are
gonna go inside my spring rolls after
that we're gonna be good to go so we're
just waiting on that last step right now
that's what we're looking like but we're
gonna add this sauce and they're gonna
get a lot of darker and richer and then
they're just gonna sit on the side and
wait to be put into these spring rolls
and then we're good to go I keep saying
we're good to go because I'm so hungry
and I just want to be good to go I
wanted to get to go I want to eat just
want to go already we just eat already
so we already made basically all of the
spring rolls that were there that we're
gonna make today I made a whole plate
for me right there and then Jenna's
playing right there
- you asked we mass dip that's the
cashew a screen a stick but I wanted to
do one on camera just you guys didn't
get pissed off at it roll one spring
roll on camera so basically you put it
in the water it's gonna be warm water
even though this is really cold should
have checked that first it's okay okay
so you're gonna let it sit in the warm
water for 15 seconds okay and then once
it's out you got a delicate ache it out
with your hands and lay it on the
counter which I'm gonna have to put the
camera down to do so just give me a
second all right so we got the rice
paper all wet and soft which you can't
even see like it's like invisible right
now which is pretty cool so we're gonna
take all of our ingredients over here
and we're gonna add it in here and then
when I blow it up we shoot this woman in
here you doing all right I gotta give
her three seconds because she's welcome
stir it but this was a little figuring
out all loaded estimates our vegetables
and that is my mom going deep
thank you once again why Oh
this is my odds of being in mushroom
suit to be an ocean of vitamins how do
you impress me so much like breath and
then I made it a cashew cream sauce
cashews
 nuts they're magical weren't
very familiar because you can just soak
them and then you can make anything you
want can I just put that in a watermelon
picked it now please dude a few letters
yeah
soup is available oh ok so Jenny's gonna
shoot me rolling this up it's probably
gonna be really bad cuz it's I don't
know it's on camera all the top one here
fold the bottom one do you tighten it up
like that right like that and then
you're gonna go this way which is a
burrito style and you're gonna press it
in as you roll and then just keep
rolling like a little burrito oh this is
what you got at the end so I'm gonna add
it to be my seventh one they're eating
mini vegetable burritos that's it spring
roll is this so good though smells like
so amazing it's just peanuts maple syrup
and red chili pepper flakes
yeah boil water floating oil water soy
sauce ginger peanut butter red pepper
flakes chop something else up it's a
bunch of stuff I actually recorded it so
you guys know you guys know all right we
ready to stuff our old an hour all right
so we're gonna eat it so you guys can
see you
all right dip it right in there
which I want you yeah I'm traveling
really got a burger
now the vegetables are cooked where I
learned all the onions in someone's like
spread - yeah it's really crunchy as
we're really good
ten attend I suppose if you didn't like
the
chicken broth yeah they would so you
guys are out you just cut out the meat
and just do the peanut sauce anyway
we're gonna eat now hope you guys enjoy
this see you guys later
