hello there everyone I hope you guys are
making it through your mondays aka the
worst day of all the days I have a vlog
for you today it has some stuff we did
over the weekend a little bit of the
dogs playing around and then we also
don't how I gave my present to Brett for
his birthday this weekend I like
surprised him it all be explained in the
vlog but so is that and then just a
little bit fuckery before we went out
tomorrow I will have most likely another
vlog for you with more things that I'm
doing in my life and now I hope you guys
can make use of this in your life and
get a whopper to our ll see you guys in
a bit
Thank You person feed me
what
okay relevantly stand up early train
straining each other yeah it's like they
have each other in the Muay Thai clinch
let's just fight with our mouths
Herman sister peeola no care for
paramaker uh-uh good perfect Meyer
alright so as you know today is Brett's
birthday hey buddy boy I've lived a
breath and I told him that I got him a
gifts on Amazon but it was gonna be late
cuz I did think it was getting late I
got this watch he had been telling me
about this watch for a long time I
really want it and he showed me the
color scheme
Amrish I'm wish wangster so I got it for
him without knowing he thinks Sam's on
gift is going to come next to it but it
came today so what I wanted to do is get
in I got this from Gelson's and I'm
going to take it out and just slip this
in and be like hey dude I got you this
really cool gift man's on I sound like
shark in you whatever you know you know
your cocktails here cool that's kind of
lame but whatever he's gonna you know
it's not like that laying that you
wouldn't believe it
so I'll be like open it up it's cool
I'll pull this out and we're gonna film
it let me see what he does when he sees
to watch you guys by the way it's super
stick this is what it looks like
it's nest day so that's the story that's
what we're gonna do he should be here
soon so so so I put the nuts to watch in
this shaker box the watches in there and
there's room so I'm gonna put the top of
the shaker like on top okay so he's
gonna like a hundred percent think he
got a shaker yeah what is wrath one it's
a good round the neck strap it's pretty
cool oh sorry
it's go yes Joe has all of the lines on
it and everything
where this is in a cocktail
what's going on is going on this isn't a
cocktail shaker hangover friend I just
see my ten-year coxeter
really laughing so hard to go to sur
what's going to fuckin a scherzo got you
a plastic cocktail shaker it was all
Julius I see ya I'm obsessed with this
look at my shoes finally it was actually
supposed to be amazing I told you
go we're friends see on your wrist real
quick oh that is fly
it's so sick yeah
now he'll be all the sequences in the
club yeah I always just spin my thing
around all like that that Chris all
right we're gonna go geek out of a
Brett's watch now okay like hijack your
blog tears now my blog hey everyone it's
me Julian and these gonna friends on the
ground for earring cool blonko in
eyeliner sir thanks I'm hi my name is
Joanne good friends yeah thanks yeah
my hijack your vlog hijack a block a
hijack your vlogs
oh I'm scary on your own vlog ah done
how long were you waiting there for you
oh it was way too quiet eww I need ten
females I'm never going to end and
productive Emma
a bit just chug that 5-hour energy look
we're like the people from American
Horror Story oh you're the bitch though
on this one okay good you can't sing for
shit I see I'm the head I don't want to
get the surgery I want the surgery
because I want to get away from you my
neck a while my own vagina
yeah sorry dad okay die wait if we get
the surgery who's just gonna be the head
and
is gonna be the body and the head and
body on the talented so I'm just a head
I'm the talented okay about it alright
guys thanks for watching this vlog as
always let me know what you guys want to
see from me on this channel so I can
take some of your ideas into
consideration also our podcast is going
to happen tonight
so stay tuned for that episode which is
gonna be episode 13 but should be
uploaded later on tonight and then after
that I'll see you guys probably mom okay
