happy Saturday guys so today I have a
blog for you in this blog I am going to
show you a little bit of my new gym and
some training I did yesterday I took a
lot of rugs throughout the day just kind
of doing regular stuff
preparing for Halloween cooking a
gluten-free pizza at home which I wanted
to show you guys the process and the
results of and then of course our
Halloween festivities with Brett that we
did last night
so this vlog has all that I hope you all
enjoy and I hope you all also had a
great Halloween gonna go get so
caffeinated I can't even see straight
right now and then I'm going to operate
this board so you guys it's why I'm here
at a gym tucano athletics just want to
show you guys the place really quick
that's clearly a step up from the last
place I was at because this is an actual
proper weightlifting gym my coach he's
been amazing was helping me a lot
pushing me so today I did clean pools
and cleans and some good mornings in
France Bach so I'm staying away from
anything overhead right now because we
haven't had any shoulder problems I'll
see you later please
got a solid little open gym workout with
the place to myself but I'm leaving the
gym now and I'm going to head over to
Walgreens to get some like candy and
decorations and stuff because tonight
we're gonna hang out the house and give
out candy and tomorrow night we are
gonna celebrate Brett's birthday by
going out and getting drunk so I am
headed over to Walgreens and I think I'm
gonna try Apple pay for the first time
if I'm not mistaken I should be able to
do it here because I'm boycotting CVS
cuz they won't do it they're against
that shit you can read up on that it's
ridiculous so I'll see you guys in here
Walgreens right now I just fucking love
this weather like this cloudy weather we
like never ever get it anymore let alone
rain and also in the fall I really like
the fall so I'm gonna go get some shit
from Walgreens right now and then I will
head home I'm not sure I've enough candy
think I got like one of every single day
back on the entire aisle
whoops and I know we're gonna end up
with like half of it so gonna eat like
all that candy
I'm all you hair baby's dead hair band
games so strong holy dick I just used
Apple pay and it was as magical as I had
ever imagined it would be
you just hold your phone out you put it
so on the thing uh we're in the future
people we're living in the fucking
future
all right get home hi what are you do
you turtle is it cream it's old costume
you wouldn't pay disgusting looks better
when it's over your head like this so if
you look like you hate it peachy you a
turtle hmm and turtle in its natural
hand be a champ
I love the leg part come on turn it's a
turtle look
see the tato Peter your turtle so she
like didn't know what to do but if she
started running around good okay easy
nothing leg parts I know you look so
perfect
oh btw oh thank you Oh chief Rizzoli
are you spooky bone she's not even like
a girl thing she's just like Hermits
recycled the country are you entitled to
get Tom Boyd Boyd your vehicle thank you
such a tomboy you play with all boys Oh
tomboy him you down huh yeah I'm at
Ariel the boys give me the dinosaurs
again they're not like good enough to go
to the door all right okay sorry not all
of us have her own radio show where do I
put the hundred dollars worth of candy
that I just bought gotta find a bowl I
don't even care that I dropped 100
fuckin dollars on Kenny because I use
Apple pay and it was life-changing we're
going to be cooking some gluten-free
pizza and we're going to have it for
dinner tonight for all the way basically
what we have is all of the dry
ingredients in our bowl right here which
we're going to soon add to another bowl
we have the yeast sitting over here and
rising in the water and next we're going
to take these eggs that are sitting in a
bowl of warm water and we're going to
mix them with olive oil and whatever
else wet ingredients we're going to mix
that up with a hand mixer and we're
going to slowly add the flour and a
yeast into that and that's how we get
our mixture
this is our gluten-free pizza dough
shaped out into a circular crust on our
new stone and we're gonna let it sit in
the oven for 45 minutes cold because
it's got a rise so I'll see you guys in
45 minutes go outside to check out on
things and peach doesn't stick the size
of six peaches peaches so cute she's
such a little groom
all right well Jenna so to throw
something together with everything that
I own and since I own everything neon I
am the nyan know I'm gonna go show Jenna
I present to you the nyan nerver you
like it you won't be able to miss me the
kiss yeah feel like they well I should i
extra guns out so they can play with me
like you're two people's kids shoot
people's kids that's what I'm about
that's what I was thinking
the neon it's like the Silver Surfer
with like a speech impediment the neon
are four years I'm in near Norfolk
alright so Wow we were creating this
majestic costume the crust is now done
sitting and rising so we took it out of
the oven started preheating the oven and
poked some balls with a fork boss
because that is what the recipe says to
do all hail the recipe blindly obey it
we're almost at 475 which is when we're
going to put it in and precook the crust
for four minutes
that's just to get it hard and pull
enough so you can put toppings on it and
handle it
directly onto the stone so we will take
it out dress it up and then put that
bitch back in all right so our pizzas
almost on free cooking we're going to
take out the crust I'm going to dress it
up right here at the dressing station
and then we are going to put it back in
for about five to six minutes when it
looks like the cheese is all browned and
everything you take it out and then you
stuff it down your face hole okay so it
looks like we gave Jenna about 1/3 and
we're about 2/3 we're going to pop it in
the oven and then see what happens all
right well we just finished cooking the
pizza and I cut it up this is what we
got
these are Jenna's pieces got a little
messy and this is my first piece and I
saw a lot of you guys wanted to see my
last vlog what'd it look like when we
ate the food so I want to oblige and do
that for you here it's so cheesy I can't
even hold its own weight
that's damn good that's damn good parob
program I gotta go I'm ready to hoping
he has something you don't really see in
gluten-free pizza is a crush that's his
puppy is this a lot of gluten free
pizzas a really thin crust because they
can't get the crust to rise but this
recipe is really really great because as
you can see it's like all puffy it rises
it stays together it's chewy it feels
like pizza so for those of you
gluten-free people out there we don't
have a choice you will be able to have
like a real real type of pizza not just
a thin crust so that's what's awesome
about this all right guys reading pizza
and hanging out on the front porch jenna
is now me she's a kitty with that's for
me I'm not cute and I'm still the nyan
nerver we are pizza Oh Maisie 10 we're
in and out candy it's da guin√© we have
dogs everywhere there's bread but see I
bus tickets costume out though cuz peach
was biting it and then here's that this
is our angry laying on his back being
submitted
BTU we're trying to figure out snapchat
right now all three of us have no idea
what we're doing
that's about a break is phone because we
can't figure out snapchat we're just
trying we're trying to create one so we
could just like privately snapchat each
other and like and breath in rabwah and
I created one just to do it with chase
for for whatever reason and then now I
added Jordan who's this boner man
account runner others filters breath
trying to solve CAPTCHA CAPTCHA can you
write these letters even though they're
not letters known to the English
alphabet yes Seth will you have you know
alright we're going to snapchat each
other in the same room bye
so we finally figured out snapchat I'm
over here on the couch rats over there
and Jenna's all the way outside with the
dogs right now and we're all
snapchatting each other
no I feel like that's like the best way
to do it why we're in the same room like
I'm snapchatting something right now and
I'm gonna snapchatting yeah we're like
three ways snapchatting the same
pictures over and over but i snapchatted
Jordan Corey who runs porterman if you
guys know about him on Twitter and he
said he was going to vlog right now
about how I've been snapchatting him so
I'm gonna do it first so I'm gonna
snapchat you now okay bye
it's now midnight it is just now Brett's
birthday November 1st so we are getting
ready to walk in the rain to go get in
and out burger because those are our
priorities tonight get Brett a birthday
cheeseburger
I'm like sweating I'm trying to keep
cool writing I'm trying to keep cool in
the house Jenny I run pool so we're like
all of ten layers yeah I'm like I'm
always not going out I'm always too hard
I always need a sink yeah and it's like
pouring rain out we're bundling up and
I'm like too hot this is my the North
Face number two this is my rain/snow the
North Face as you can see but what I
love about this fucking jacket is that I
have this pocket right here which goes
up and down which is like perfect for
your phone because it's like super quick
like boom tech boom back in and access
and it's also like really protected also
if you get shot my heart your phone will
probably protect you
I'm sure that's safe because safety oh
just a couple of boozers filling up some
flasks no you can't even see it coming
we're just going in and out I'm just
chugging before we go hey I'm not
arguing your decision just videoing it
you're just documenting it I'm in
partial ashtray Hey look at our outfits
that's Jenna's jacket pants I'm wearing
more sugar really all of Jenna's clothes
are now except
you guys I think we're ready to go right
Brett going happy birthday let's get
some in and out it links in and out this
is my last bit of the night I just want
to sign off let you guys know we made it
to end out we got our food
this is so far a great start to Brett's
birthday which is November 1st all of
you better wish him a great birthday
we're going to go out tomorrow night
this is him this is the birthday boy
right here this is my flask of paint no
we're having a great night and I Niner
Sheriff and we're finishing it off with
some in and out or we're keeping a
relatively mellow because tomorrow night
we're gonna go hard as dick we're going
to go out and we're going to get drunk
because Brett is the birthday boy but we
just got our food and now we're going to
go a stiffer face again because we've
already stuffed our face like three
times this birthday that's birthday
thank you guys for watching we'll see
you later
