we're turning the dogs into the Joker Oh
baby you're upsetting you let's do from
the side now don't get too close to me
cuz he's having a long time
okay do blue from the side all right
you're upset are you gonna kill the
Batman I'm upsetting him I'm all over
here I'm upsetting him guys I'm
upsetting him marbles is being really
upset I'm all the way over here I'm not
a menace maybe if he's looking at me and
you're holding him and you start to move
him and he's like locked eyes with me he
starts to bark just pick him up here
you're moving closer I'm not I'm just
holding my hand it's it's a combative
Tim I'm literally just holding my hand
up like waving and he's starting to give
me the eye we do it from the side again
you terrified it too close all right all
right just a reminder this is the same
dog that comes over to me and lets me
walk him and cuddles me sometimes and
gives me kisses then when his mom's
around he's a little mama's boy who are
you except you're like this is all like
this is a quiet night time together when
Marvel gets all the attacks he's
growling at me I'm literally not even
looking at him you're cutting into money
this is not okay
take that vine remember love money time
oh he doesn't like when you cut into
little um my holes you can't see can't
hurt what the hell man yeah I can't come
over there come on Petey cuckoo you come
any day says come good girl someone
loves me and no boys allowed over here
except for me a marble what I know
you're talking about entertaining is
that a bird marble dumb and miles like
woke up and is like I was just like hey
dear you're dumb mother you're dumb
she doesn't like being insulted or
confronted more lies
oh you're insane dare I dare I even
touch Jenna you're scared of her should
I paint your little doggy and Julian
pets we haven't seen em he's gonna hit
me waffles look at the hate is like
brewing in him uncle you can do it
Rumpel you can't do it okay don't fuck
with them though you keep scratching his
ear he likes touching his face well we
like he is scratch oh I'm not doing
anything I'd literally have not moved
now he's kissing me I'm sorry
for petting you sorry all right
are we friends again are we friends oh
he wants to come see you
he's sorry I won them over no no kiss
him like that okay mm-hmm
oh my god you must bit my tongue can you
explain what we're doing I'm gonna do
this thing like we pretend like we're
like really yeah you did it one time it
was piss my pants yeah all right so I
basically like I put my finger near her
mouth and I'm like EBE me me and then
she like bites on my finger and then I
yelled Oni and right after she stops I
say eat me like like it like I don't
know what I want and so that's basically
you me me me me don't even gimme me me
me me me me me me me you stick your
finger in there and when she does it to
me Marvel's attacks my face so that's
fun you saw that my hand my hand is all
the way down here it's nowhere near him
when you move him and he's like a
lottery me sorry you're in league in
abusive really there's no abusing you
just don't breathe I'm using you and
that's wrong I'm a victim here no you're
not I never said I am a victim
no you like poke him in the face and
then wonder wonder why he bites ah SVU
or kitten can I call you it and go help
Lynn he came over to me maybe he just
wants to keep tabs that part of his game
gonna be behaving Punk tricking you into
thinking that he's sorry but he's really
just like mom was he's making me his
bitch right now
oh good
you're pretty
yeah well my boss mr. hot bus yeah it
must have been a hot buzz oh did you get
hit in the face with a hot bus like how
you said it hot bus like with a hot bus
not hot buzz it sounds like compass my
pocket in the pocket was the bus hot bus
hey would you have her lunch I just made
a hot bus accepted broom among us it's
so gross god this just turns so
disgusting like hot paws think about
that hot buzz buzz ha ha ha you're
seeing hot pass buns doo-doo-doo
that was my best song in the report I
bought it oh yeah we made pretty much it
no see it looks actually looks like it's
a pretty good consistency how's it taste
Wow is there a
what if we made one can you just come
with your nuts
Jasmine I'm in defense mode
I've never done that um all right fine
you never done it to me what can you
hear my plan
please all right what if we make one
cake like a real cake and what you did
tomorrow like normal people and then
tonight we just have an experiment game
experiment cake please take one out you
gotta take it out oh don't drop it don't
drop it oh that would have been fucking
great if you did yes see look the edges
are getting like differently the color
you see you like the edges are later
that's not inside so but stop it station
we're gonna start eating this cake I'll
make that decision when I get there you
wanna see if it's good such a thick it
is Hannah me as photos I've blogged me
vlogger you log me so you could do that
it's actually so good look I had to put
this down like all over the place and is
Julian tamanna that I just hold this
phone friend Julie Julian do not chase
me with work we definitely ate it too
soon Giuliana swear to God cuz it's like
pudding cake but it's bomb
we are using for the mom be that to me
my mom was a troll I love your mom she
outdid herself eat my cake with it I
just leave this in here because clearly
my first rodeo
it's like tart tart is it tart
