what's going on guys so today I decided
I was going to take a little break from
vlogging and give you a video that I
have been thinking about for a decently
long time and I've gotten a lot of
suggestions for given the recent
popularity of it I wanted to make a
video on man bugs but I didn't want to
just talk about man bugs or show you my
man fun cuz I do that all the time I
wanted to give you my version of a man
bun tutorial and there's basically a
bunch of different styles that at least
I have worn and know how to do and also
that I've seen warned that I wanted to
cover in this video so brace yourselves
people this is going to get good this is
the man bun tutorial so I am currently
wearing one style that we will get to
because I just finished training and
this is the most functional hairstyle
that I have found for training and
moving around it stays really well but I
will get to that all right so our first
one I'm going to make right now
all right so this is the first one this
is called the top you guys might have
seen this in basically every single
video I'm in because this is what I wear
on a day-to-day basis when I'm not
working out but I'm not really doing
anything or going out it's I feel like
it's the most functional for everyday
living you have the top part of your
hair put into a bun so it's like a
little higher than a ponytail and then
the back part is hanging free you guys
might have seen this on Harry Styles
regularly likes to copy my hair this is
a great option though because it gets
the job done and putting your hair up
getting it out of your face it's not
doing any work why do you guys just saw
I took maybe 10 seconds to put up its
really easy when you wake up and you
don't feel like doing anything your hair
but at the same time you don't want it
to be your face this is great option
plus it's a great way to show your man
but game while also putting on display
your nice voluminous mane get a win in
both worlds double win so now we're
going to get to one of my other
favorites which is the stacked bun so
first you're going to make your top one
like this you only do the top at first
then you're going to take whatever is
left and you're going to put that in a
bun right beneath it so you put that bun
under the top on so then you have two
months first thing about this is when
you look at me straight ahead it just
looks like I have one bun which is nice
because that's kind of looking at people
want with you where
just the top like a button right yeah
but it's only when you get to the side
of me to see my profile you see I'm a
little weird I with two buns on top of
each other I also like to call this the
stack doorknob because it's basically
two doorknobs stacked on top of each
other that is weird
this is the one that I really like
working on it because you can move your
head a lot can have all sorts of running
and body movement and it stays really
well like it stays better than if you
try to force it all on the one button
because sometimes a little bit slips out
but you're giving your hair two options
here you're giving your hair options
options are always great it's like when
I go packing and I'm going for like a
two-day trip I pack for like 10 days
because I love options next this is
really weird but I've seen it and it's
basically this without the top bun so
this is what it looks like you have the
bun on the bottom and you don't have a
bun on top so in my opinion this is the
dumbest man bun of all but it exists and
I've seen people wearing it it doesn't
do the job of getting your hair out of
your face because look my hair's
everywhere okay so it doesn't do the job
getting out of face but at the same time
you're spending time putting it in a bun
which doesn't make sense because if
you're going to spend the time to put it
in the bun why are you gonna put it in a
useless part that doesn't do anything
that's so stupid
wake up sheep anyway if you can't even
see there's a small button the bond
right here which I left I guess you
could say this is more
the artsy look I've seen this I've seen
this more you guys are thinking I don't
know what he's doing with this exists
this exists in the world people make the
effort to not do anything with your hair
and at the bottom of the bun so it's
weird it's not functional don't ever do
it
our next button is the messy
all right so so right here we got one
man okay so it's one man but on top but
nothing's really tight as you can see
there's hairs coming out it's not really
super slick on top I feel like you
really put
air bag this is the messy man burn think
Orlando Bloom or this Leonardo DiCaprio
has this it's a good look that makes you
seem like you'll really care okay
whatever my head was gonna bond we did
put too much effort like it's not sling
it's not tight it's not functional you
will often see cigarettes accompanying
this look for whatever reason this is
also not one of my favorites but it's
out there a lot the messy man bun right
here alright on to one of my personal
favorites which I aspire to wear
properly but I still not really able to
yet this is aa dead first casualty you
ever make man buns regularly you will
know that these are basically disposable
let's try a skip
alright there we go
this ladies and gentlemen is the tight
man but this in my opinion looks the
best I mean this looks about as good as
a ponytail but a little better because
it's more I think it's more suitable for
a male you're wearing a man bun it's a
little higher up it's not necessarily
like on top but it's a little higher up
super-slick super tight super functional
and I think when people think man-bun
they think something like this this is
incredibly popular for those who can
actually pull it off as you can see
right here I'm wearing it but if I want
to like move my head around too much
that we start to the other side because
my hair's not long enough my hair has
not reached the level of this man bun
greatness yet but in due time I will be
there I will be the great man mug be the
bun so if you have the hair for this
this is the one I would recommend I love
this bun like I said it's really popular
a lot of people wear it and what's great
about this is you can wear it down like
every day you wear sweats you want to
get the paper out front whatever not
that I no one reads the paper on paper
but you could also dress it up or wear
it tucks with this it would still look
really nice put a little product and
there keep it extra slick put it above
always carry an extra hair band in your
pocket because you never know I'd like
to just call this the man bun you can
call it the tight man bun this is the
man book now it's only downhill from
here this is this is the best that's
going to get so looking for good air
sauce you can click away now but don't
stay with me stay with the next version
of the man bun is the top knot this is
basically the man bun slid on top of
your head by like a couple inches this
is a cool hairstyle
I like this hairstyle because it looks a
little more athletic and a little more
dynamic
wiring it up a little higher so you're
like hey you know I have a man bond but
I'm putting it up here so you can see it
a little better I want you to see this
just a little bit better I'm making the
effort
take note so you're wearing the bond a
little higher it also looks a little bit
like a samurai warrior you look like you
can rock some nunchucks pretty well if
you wear the top knot and you're not a
450 pound sumo wrestler people are going
to think that you have the power
possessed by a 450 pound sumo wrestle so
this is incredibly intimidating
and establishes dominance I like to wear
this a lot although my hair is not yet
perfectly suitable for this but in time
like I said with the other ones I'll be
able to wear any man that I want top
knot also open ninja or the sumo mug
those are all the man buns I know how to
give you instruction on I know that this
was a video that people wanted to see
from someone who is so devoted to the
member like myself which I try to be I
really do I went through a lot of
awkward stages that to get to this point
and I'm happy here now you guys didn't
notice the awkward stages because our
little red hats I'm asked it really well
but oh yeah there were some weird
moments but now that I'm not the bun
it's incredibly liberating and I feel
like I've identified myself you got to
be the bottom people but thank you guys
for watching this video if you feel so
inclined to subscribe to my channel I
put out wrong almost every single day
during the week and I'm always mixing in
a few regular videos like this when I
get ideas comment below on which type of
man mug you prefer to see in general and
you prefer to wear and also maybe which
one look best on me although any part is
the slick man that thing looks up slick
it's a perfect name alright see you guys
next week also if you guys want to watch
our podcast from this we click on the
right if you want see my last blog click
on the lip oops
