so this is how peach just fell asleep on
top of me she was like up on my stomach
and then she wanted to go by my legs and
she just like gave up halfway through
like she's standing up with her body
just like loved over my legs she's like
oh gosh is so weird
Beach hello yeah she's out this is the
weirdest position I've ever seen
anything sleeping another reason why
these are both the smartest and the
dumbest dogs in the entire world and
also the goofiest and most entertaining
so I'll just be here with this little
infant dog draped over my leg it's weird
little butt so I also wanted to just let
you guys know that I have found an
official weightlifting gym very close to
where we live down and I've started
training there this week has been my
first week I'm so excited the coach he's
helping me a lot it's just like a
totally different experience training
there with a team and a coach and you
know having instruction and everything
like that so I'm really really happy
about how that's going and I just want
to let you guys know because I know the
last time I talked to you about it you
didn't know where I was going to Train
not that you really care but I'm
updating you anyway so competitions will
be most likely happening down the line
so I'm excited about that oh and also I
will figure out the best way to start
getting footage from training there
because I know it's just a different
setup so I got a I got to just figure
out the best way to do that but I'll be
bringing you guys more of that all right
well I just want to update y'all see you
soon
