this is Kermit trying to eat a lamb's
ear a treat a to treat that would give
him so special it looks like such a
weirdo when he eats his lambs ear turn
into cheese he's so special and then
peach like we give her her own lamb's
ear right here and she always wants
Kermit's peachy yourself if you cheat
yourself is here look you know so
gluttonous compete what happened Eugene
why can't you have your own I just gave
it to it
come here special dog marvel quiet oh my
god why does he beast and I think the
dennis is tall that's what you want he
just wants to fight off like gigantic
huge pieces of it when he was outside he
like had his hand on it and kept
dragging it away from himself like he
was chasing it in pulling it away
so what we just stand there like swallow
the whole thing are you good my ball
mobile our mobile WI now yeah
