how you doing I look good don't I that
giant red spot on my eye what is on my
eye I don't know what happened to my eye
while you're moving hi while we were
moving I was getting really allergic
from all the stuff and everything and I
rubbed my eye at the wrong time and I
think I caused a bit of a reaction so
the last couple days I've been dealing
with walking around looking like I just
went 12 rounds with someone that's what
that is it looks all swollen and bruised
and everything but it really is just an
allergic reaction which is really weird
and it's also partly why I haven't been
vlogging the other part is that lovely
Time Warner Cable has decided that we're
not important enough for them to come
help us and give us internet so today
which is video day we are now waiting
for them to come set up right she's had
you tell I just wanted to let you guys
know what was going on because you
hadn't heard from me also we've decided
to start spraying the dog with this
whenever they bark aversive conditioning
and it's working every time I pull that
out when they're about a bar can they
stop so that's exciting you didn't used
to work he used to just make marbles get
all wet but when you do it they they get
terrified yeah they don't they don't
like when I spray them you should just
get all wet hi are you excited to have
the Internet
sick of being on the phone with them
like waking up this early is fucking
humanly possible so just call and be
like hello are you coming we woke up at
9:00 a.m. yesterday and we woke up
before 9:00 Internet and we just waited
all day because our slot was till 7 p.m.
I know but we were stuck in the house
like we didn't go anywhere
yeah tell me what that's about
maybe the guy came and our gate was shot
so he just left he didn't even call us
he didn't even say anything he just said
oh I can't get in so I'm not gonna try
to fix this and then he left so we were
supposed to have yesterday but then I
mean I understand how is that any way to
do business do you actually want to
install it you just want to come out
here and say you came out here I don't
know what I called it the message is
like you know please don't tell us that
our guy hasn't showed up until the
windows over so we did until 7 p.m. and
then they're like yeah but if you had
called earlier maybe we could have
figured out what the problem was and
sent someone over and I'm like that
makes no sense and the poor guy on the
phone was like I know what's going on
it's the matrix there's no understanding
it the harder you try to understand the
stuff
the deeper you suck yourself into the
matrix right well I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to upload this cuz we
don't internet fuck all right
well when we have our internet you'll be
hearing more from us but for now we're
just gonna watch peach eat plants like a
little group peach Eve eating plants
that's that's not food
all right thanks we love you bye we just
heard beeping and we thought it was a
Time Warner truck which it was I don't
know if you could see behind me but I
went out to see him right now
and I was like are you gonna install all
this shit and he's like he was just like
sitting in the car texting like hoping I
wouldn't notice him but he was like yeah
I just gotta go around back so I don't
need you dude it's so weird why are they
so weird why don't they just want to
help you anyway they're installing it
now so I
