you
hey what's up guys
so first thing I wanted to do when I got
my new phone was to test out the slow-mo
and the new camera because it's super
awesome so that's what I did with this
video and I thought what is the most
epic thing I can shoot the dogs
especially because these two are always
running around being crazy so that's
what I did and if you guys liked it good
and if you didn't I can't help you there
but if I think of like any any other dog
things to shoot in terms of like what
they're doing or funny things I would
look cool in slow-mo like in the pool
maybe I'll just make a part two to this
video but for now this is all I have and
I will continue to make cool videos on
my new phone because it's cool phone and
I want to utilize this phone to the
fullest so I can share the experience
with you guys because I love you but
that is it for me thanks for watching
and I'll see you guys next time also if
you want to see my last vlog click on
the right hand if you want to see Jenna
and my podcast from this week click on
the left peach wood eater
