baby okay we're going to take you in huh
peach is really sick she are got into
some food and she's been throwing up for
like 12 hours so we're taking her around
all right whoa camel home peachie got
sick today and had to go to the vet
because she was throwing up relentlessly
and dehydrating herself and could mean
and had no energy no really hot very hot
out so we deduced that while we were
gone for like a 30 minute tops bike ride
last night she had gone into the closet
where I keep my boosted board cuz I took
my boo support out where we have our dog
go back where we keep our dog travel
supply than one bag and she found bags
of pill pockets there Carmen for Kermit
in those medications so every morning
peach has to wash Kermit take his
medication with the delicious Philip
Hawkin cheering his habit I gave her
some sometimes yeah but it's not for her
she ate nearly two bags of coke pockets
and we found we found two my dogs throw
up all over the living room we woke up
this morning to the sound of her
violently buffeting and then we thought
like okay we'll give her your little
wild sushi gets better and then this
afternoon shoots outside panting and
throwing up like pure bile and now we're
just getting back home you think we're
joking but kind of girl that eat herself
tonight so do yourself identity feel it
did though I'll show you guys right now
what we're talking about
I took my booster water and she got into
there and that black backpack has all
the dog stuff so she got into there took
sealed up pill pocket bags and tore
through two of them
now she's gotten mad because like you
know what I want to Gorge myself to the
point where I'm sick and throwing up and
now I want to go see my doctor
cuz I like seeing my doctor our vet is
really sweet and she's really good with
speech but yeah today was pretty shitty
ripped open like a savage by P that's
right
can't just have one you gotta have 40
another that so last me two trips
episode 40 vehicle talking how's it
gonna have sub 5t and it is so
comfortable because it's on me to clot
that's what I'm talking about now art I
just need you to pick me up today and I
just got one this is my pick-me-up of
the day this is it I'm wearing my
pick-me-up couple for the Wasco team
right here is episode 4 and then go a
little deeper you get episode 5 there's
the West Virginia episode as you guys
know we've been working with me to Don
these shirts this might be my favorite
on such a cool one I'm not sure if there
are any left I'll link if there are
something about a new shirt just like
choose your little bit
all right you guys know what today is
today's the day or I don't give a
that I'm wearing the same shirt as I was
yes Shay oh man so we had a bit of a
rough day yesterday we had a rough go at
kind of everything that we tried to do
started with peach Evan go to that I
only got home Kermit started throwing up
so we realized that they had both kind
of gotten into the treats not just teach
then our PC audio situation just
completely failed on us I spent 3 hours
3 hours troubleshooting how to figure
out literally how to just get our PC out
of a situation back to how it normally
is with streaming to where it reads our
XLR mic we can hear audio and the
desktop very simple stuff and stuff that
I took so much time ago
just one more nothing I did would make
it work and I found out the problem is
our mixer is just really really outdated
and kind of just not optimized there are
no updates since 2014
for our mixer on the PC so then we had
to switch over to recording Jenna's
video on the Mac laptop and a camera
separately rather than doing all on the
PC and that was giving us problems
because it's just a much more clunky
setup when you do it like that anyway
Jenna's video went up dogs are okay some
came out again life is good but it was
it was definitely a challenging 24 hours
but we are here and I'm wearing the same
 shirt because I just don't think
I have the capacity within me right now
to give a we're gonna have some
breakfast and then we're going to
however to guitar center because like I
just told you we need a switch on our
mixer for about a week straight we've
been good about waking up at 7:00 going
for our walk
and since we were up so late doing the
video we couldn't do that today so snow
morning walk today seems like she's
doing a lot better right peachy
doing one better she's charging also on
the list for today is figuring out a new
way to deal with all of this because
this store situation isn't working
we're bedroom where we are guided
is it going pull it out
yeah we're good see you then oh he
supported party lady like Jason's dance
party by the channel they do the Jake
and dance moves head where is it there's
the oh there it is oh okay I see it grab
one of these oh okay cool our steps are
ladder
knocks louder ever except buddy you hear
the noise that these like we should make
another party happening we hear that one
friend in the group doing your own thing
look what what were you doing when you
keep everything good as an announcement
you guys want to coverage for it not so
guys yay organization is 5 excuse me sir
I'm I was thinking I just heard you
outside parking today on Instagram
classical announced that for August we
are going to be going not on the
last-minute trip well you're going to be
going on an excursion to track the
Eclipse and shoot it we're going to go
near Nashville next weekend and we're
going to try to shoot the Eclipse the
big total solar eclipse happening I'm
sure you've heard all about it as soon
as I realized that it was happening and
visible in certain spots and its
totality in the United States I I knew I
had to find it in some capacity and it
just turned out that the 21st was when
we were going to do a last-minute trip
so we reformulate everything to be that
so we're going to go shoot the Eclipse
so what I've been doing is I've been
doing tons and tons of research Wabble
actually recently just got its first
camera and lens this is sony a7s the
same one I have and 7200 2.8 Sony lens
so what I've been doing the last couple
days and last few weeks is practicing
with shooting the Eclipse which requires
this point right here an 18 shot sofa
which is basically solid black like you
can't see through it during the day you
have to be looking at the time this is
so that you can photograph the Sun
without damaging your sensor and this is
so you can look at the Sun
without damaging your eyes so right now
I'm just doing a little practice but I
can show you kind of what I'm doing this
one is like right up there I'm looking
at it right now and I'm going to start
recording on this camera so you can see
it too
the thing about this lens is I have a 2
x teleconverter which means instead of
70 to 200 millimeters that goes from 140
to 400 millimeters you just lose a bit
of f-stop but it's important for
shooting you know stars and the Sun in
this case what really is the practicing
point here it's not just shooting a Sun
but it's shooting the Sun while
accounting for something being in front
of it so right now we have the bushes
that are during the Sun anyway I'm using
the Bragg's out here but you know the
Eclipse is happening and you should be
looking at it wherever you are going to
be incredible thanks for watching my
blog
