hey guys so basically what's gonna
happen is I secretly told Bryan he got
in his whole entire crew to drive into
town today Jenna's birthday is on Monday
so we're gonna come to town and we're
gonna all surprise Jenna for her
birthday we're all gonna set up a big
dance number that Ryan and I've created
so we're gonna basically set up our
house to perform something I'll see you
guys then but it's going to be game on
soon right you just got here
whoa what dude wait no you just started
yet you guys everyone's here you're like
really gonna get fuckin we need to get
the work I get all the shit gonna be so
fucking today don't grab her face down
all the dogs are like cooped up right
now all right
where my uniform and Greg is wearing it
you are the captain for fuckin let's get
a break everyone huh hey hey Julia
have you got a Julia tour guy trained
our hearts out for this we beat Billie
Jean
we Bob got legs yeah we partied and we
crude yeah hurry up we gotta get ready
okay Barney - on three one two three
what the fuck is this what the fuck is
this are you only not this we would not
just get your nails done you're being
sneaky wait what is this said it was
happening squeeze the toy
Wow do you really just do that well you
just messed up our whole routine would
it argue this was supposed to be serious
and you just made it look like like well
like why didn't one can't say curse
words in front of jenna Marbles
everybody knows that she keeps it PG
fine then what's another word that we
can say instead what about doing okay
and Bessie nice oh we can put it
together and have messy dude I'm like
too too messy Oh guys I think I got it
it's not messy to do or to too messy
it's just it's just it's just straight
nice man hey Julian Julian Julian Julian
Julian Julian
you see balls I was like trying not to
cry buzz also laughing so hard cuz Greg
wasn't like his fucking eyes I knew you
like I'm gonna cry gloom so excited and
happy but I couldn't isn't so fucking
funny dying we got it I'm dying - oh my
god so we're just gonna go do Goyle
stuff happy birthday somebody somebody
let a Victoria Secret model in the house
I just don't know who's even who they
know or what is it like being a Victoria
- I don't get paid enough maybe here so
why are you like not at a photo shoot or
something right he's pretty good
