hey guys this is Julian and I'm going to
draw my life for you today I was born in
Northern California at the Stanford
University Hospital
I had one sibling when I was born my
older sister Roxanne my mom and dad were
there with my sister Roxanne and I think
my grandparents that I'm not sure but
Roxanne is my big sister she was there
once I was born my family moved from New
York and then Northern California down
to Los Angeles
I've lived in Los Angeles my entire life
when I was a kid I got into baseball
really seriously I would play all the
time that's me and my little brother
Marlon one time he got a ball to the
nose and broke it but we play baseball
all the time that's kind of what I grew
up doing in elementary school
kind of just was a little riot I ran
around to all the time and I was really
weird
I guess everyone kind of is at that age
but my mom and dad split up around that
time when I was in the around the first
grade and the mom met someone named Ted
my baseball coach at the time and he was
the father of one of my friends in class
but my mom and Ted started dating
getting adjusted to Ted and the new step
family wasn't easy but at the same time
so many kids go through it it's I mean
it's nothing new Ted was my coach so it
was a little different because I had
known him before my mom even knew him
but Ted had three kids Josh Jake and
Jessica and Josh and I had known each
other from class and baseball we would
always play together
so we were friends once the two families
Jake Jessica and Josh started hanging
out with me my brother and my sister
which is Marlon and Roxane we would go
on trips together we would spend all of
our time together because the two
families had I guess unofficially but
also officially merged the most part we
spent a good amount of our childhood
together going to different places like
New York we would go on family car rides
long trips to different places but my
mom had this really goofy giant white
van like a little family bus that we
took around places we went to Yosemite
Falls we just kind of went on a lot of
road trips we called it the Brady Bunch
because there was so many kids we did
get in our fair share of fights I
remember this one time we're at a family
reunion or one of our relatives birthday
parties I can't remember just a bunch of
family everywhere and I was playing
catch
out in the back it was like on a ranch
and Josh my older stepbrother came up
behind me and slapped the ball out of my
hand while I was trying to throw so I
turned around without even looking and
punched him right in the face that's
just kind of one of the times that
sticks out in my mind that we fought I
remember after I punched him my
punishment was to sit in the car while
everyone else had fun at the party and I
just had to watch while everyone kept
having fun
that kind of sucked when I got in high
school I immediately found my calling as
being part of the baseball team it's
really where I found my identity and
it's where I got serious about playing
baseball I remember my freshman year I
was assigned to play catcher and I just
loved it so much I I was involved in
every single play and I had power and a
lot of people relied on me and it became
something that I took really seriously I
started to switch hit which a lot of
catchers do and I started to think about
possibly playing you know baseball
competitively later on in my life you
know in college and stuff it was tough
because when I was an underclassmen I
really just I got so into it and I
really wanted to play and be the best
and you know make varsity but I got a
lot of shit from some of the older
players I think they were threatened by
me because I really wanted to work hard
and I wanted to play and it was really
cool to just kind of relax I got a lot
of shit for it but I didn't care I
really just wanted to play and work hard
and I think baseball was one of the
things that really developed my
personality and my work ethic it really
taught me how to achieve and how to grab
something if you want it and work for it
I was a captain my senior year when I
was a sophomore I was diagnosed with
celiac disease and I couldn't eat any
more wheat which at the time which was
2008 it wasn't that easy I lost a lot of
weight and I didn't know what to eat
there weren't that many options out
there but I figured I discovered I could
eat sushi so I gained the weight back
which was good when I got to be a senior
and I had to decide what college I was
going to go to it was hard I had planned
to go to a junior college with my buddy
Andrew he was my best friend and we were
going to go play baseball together but
then I suddenly got off the waiting list
and got accepted into Chapman University
I had hoped to I would get into and when
I finally did I felt really bad having
Bailon my friend but I chose Chapman the
plan was to play baseball at chatting it
sucks because the moment I started
playing baseball at Chapman I injured
myself I hurt my back really bad
training with the team and I couldn't do
anything I was laying in my dorm all day
for a good good majority of my freshman
year not knowing how to deal with life
it was so hard for me because everything
I had ever done revolved around baseball
and it was kind of just a big part of my
identity so not being able to play or do
anything physical for the vast majority
of my freshman year sucked I got an
x-ray from the doctor they said I had
fractured a vertebrae and it was called
spondylolysis which it was just a small
crack but all the twisting motions in
baseball really just kind of aggravated
it so I couldn't play baseball anymore
it was really hard I didn't know what to
do is it was a tough point of my life
and I ultimately had to give baseball up
which was one of the hardest decisions
I've ever had to make but having made it
you know in hindsight I knew I had to do
it so it was hard alright last sad thing
it was just this summer after I'd
stopped playing baseball when my brother
Marlon started to get sick he was
coughing a little bit and then one day
he really couldn't walk he fell down I
remember and it was a weird sickness his
muscles atrophied we couldn't understand
what was going on so at one point it was
after the day he fell out of bed we took
him to the ER and we found out that he
had a really bad disease called
guillain-barre syndrome and the syndrome
is basically just its attacks your body
he didn't have any control over his body
his body was eating away at itself and
he had to be put on IVIG which was a
treatment similar to chemotherapy he
lost about 25 pounds just from the
treatment and it was
really really hard to watch but one of
the things that I remember the most out
of this whole experience was how my
brother Marlon who was having this
happen to him was just smiling the whole
time and I was always confused at how he
could be that okay during such a time
like this
like I remember our family got a call
from family friends saying we send our
thoughts and prayers and I always was so
puzzled by that because that was
something to me that you said to a
family who had lost someone so to hear
that was incredibly discouraging but he
had such a great attitude that I'm I'm
convinced was a huge reason why he got
through it the way he did and now he's
as strong as ever and I'm proud to call
him my brother summer after my sophomore
year I got a job working at a radio
station called amp radio in Los Angeles
and I still went to Chapman so I would
commute on the weekends by train and
bike to come work in at Brady when I
really loved it and what was great is
that I also started bartending so I
would go during the day on the weekend
to work in amp radio all day and then
when it came to night time I would go to
the bar I worked at which was called
south and I would bartend so you could
say I worked more than the average
college student but I loved it I loved
every second of it I loved bartending
for a lot of reasons one day I was
working at the bar and I got to meet
this really cute girl who had come in
quite a bit and she had a group of
friends that she would sit with and I'd
seen her but I finally got introduced to
her and one night she said you know
maybe you should hang out and not work
one night so I did I took the night off
and spent it with her and the group of
people and it was really nice getting to
know her and then we started really
dating that girl was Jenna and I'm so
lucky to have met her she's such an
incredible person it was pretty crazy
how she had flown all the way across the
United States to go into the bar that I
worked at when we started dating she had
showed me you know her work and I had
gone places with her you know I'd gone
Ireland with her I worked security for
her when we went to Ireland together she
really just kind of opened my eyes to
the whole world of YouTube which I
thought was so intriguing and I had not
really seen it before a little later on
I got really into Olympic weightlifting
which I felt like was a great thing for
me because I had finally found a way to
channel my competitive energy
in and I start training a lot at Olympic
weightlifting and this past summer I
finally decided I wanted to compete and
so I did and I was really happy I did I
got third place at the tournament and I
was really happy to get back into that
environment of competing anyway uh
Jenna's two dogs Kermit and marbles I
had fallen so deeply in love with Kermit
he's just such a sweetheart and I told
myself I wanted to get a dog as soon as
I graduated college I didn't want to get
a dog before graduating spend so much
time with Kermit
I just realized that's the kind of dog I
want so I waited I really waited until I
graduated and once I finally got that
diploma I got my own Italian Greyhound
and as you guys have now met her her
name is peach and I am so happy with her
she's my new life partner she's you know
just mine and she's part of our Wolf
Pack now I guess that's where I am I'm
with Jenna I have this pack of dogs this
little family we've created and I don't
really know what's gonna happen in the
future I know I know I have a passion
for radio and working where I work and I
and I'm also really intrigued by making
YouTube videos and helping Jenna with
hers I really don't know what's going to
happen in the future but I do know that
I'm happy with the direction I'm headed
and I hope you guys enjoyed hearing
about my life thank you for watching
you
