well they're run a morning run through a
morning walk log what was the name err
this house party thrown by Michael
Gallagher my dad was working on the crew
I was like that and then what back to
work the party is like full of people
and like people just died at it and if
you said it was part of the film like it
was really happening it's like dying
fuck let's go honestly I kind of like
that my evening was good I had a meeting
last night actually with Christine and
Elijah and Colin because we're up to
something for working out the details of
something we're all going to make
together you'll be seeing more of that
oh yeah we watched Jeb for those who may
not know Jay Cyrus's is on my name but
Jeff he does a lot of character and he's
really good at he developed like all
these funny little characters that he
doesn't on snapchat whatnot and he
started to group up with people and
puppy and and be those characters in do
up so him and one other person trying to
seriously play the game and it was him
pretending that he was that person it
was like hysterical like 1,200 people
swarm his dream because we were like
telling people and we were sitting there
watching for like them out for hour and
a half it was so funny these people are
trying to play the game seriously and
he's just literally being a character
and he's doing it so well he's not
breaking character at all
he kept meeting if we could talk to his
chat so he was like say something
ridiculous and die laughing his chat
yeah like you're there while he's making
jokes yeah sit around in New York I'm
Gary Clark I have my own stock broking
off if you come in I'll make you're rich
man really yeah we make kids like you
rich all the time it's all about app
development these days you bury your
money into a bullshit-ass you get the
four point six escrow
comes back tenfold before you know
you're after your ass and fucking dollar
bill son all right it was a really funny
thing I hope he does more of it there
wasn't really a whole lot going on
yesterday aside from those two things I
figured today I'd take you on our
morning walk it's about 8:00 a.m. oh my
biceps are toast
our trainer really killed my arm
yesterday well I'd finished 90% my work
on he was like okay we're doing partner
crawls now and he gave me the other
trainer and he was like you to do
partner curls so I was literally
competing with our trainer to keep up on
the curls it's 8 a.m. it's a little late
for us we know when we like to start
like 7:30 mainly because it gets too hot
after that but also because we like to
get it done in the morning and it's fun
for us lately marbles has it haven't in
trouble he normally goes pretty slow
yeah marbles was struggling he struggles
in the early part of the walk he just
like basically wants to go back to bed
he like almost refuses to walk so then
we when we get them going he's happy got
our little hydration packs so we stay
hydrated one thing I wanted to say feel
like I should let you guys know we are
going to be shutting down the PIO box
it's it's gotten to a point where the
physical objects that pile up in our PA
box on a weekly basis there's just not
room for them anywhere that we can buy a
million storage spaces but all it would
do is just cause them to pile up and we
feel like it started to kind of
overwhelm us so we're going to close
down the peel box very soon
yeah we want to give you guys a special
thank you for all the wonderful gifts
and notes you've sent uh there's been
some and we do there's so many things I
can't even name all them that have been
like so add that so I'd like for an
example free radicals sent me a pin like
two years ago in the VL box and that's
the reason I'm working with them now
with my pin so there's like a lot of
really really special moments I came
from the peel box so it's not it's not
something we want to do to shut it down
but we kind of have to we're only two
people with one house we're still going
to be here for you online and we'll be
able to talk to you and we have our
emails and was it just like stuff from
people that watch our videos the garage
small companies would just spend a ton
of stuff there yeah we just can't keep
all of it you know it got a little crazy
and we did save letters and everything
they go in our storage space so that we
do keep them yeah that's one thing that
we did save is all the letters and the
sweet notes you guys wrote as we put
those in a special spot and those will
be stored in our storage going to harm
her I'm like trying to hold this camera
my arms are killing me today guys after
we filmed the softball video watch when
I got hit
you know where it is actually not very
nice that I'm talking about but it's
funny babe and we're filming its content
that's what it is what else is happening
that Jen is going to make a video today
12:01 marble clomp keep it moving
level doesn't know how big he is
sometimes when he see the large talk
Potter what's your favorite part of the
morning walk yeah there's like there's
like two halves to this walk and the
second half is all really nice and shady
the first happens really funny and kind
of crowded here's the dog on leash sign
is optional there just a suggestion a
lot of people leave their dogs off leash
yeah yeah a lot of people do it it's in
the things the people who leave their
dog off leash I don't doubt that they
have the trust in their dog to not do
anything really dumb but it's not about
them it's about the other people but
it's the safety of other dogs and maybe
like the fear of others really terrified
timid dog who gets like charged up by
baby dogs like yesterday we were walking
around this corner and this guy latest
dog he threw a tennis ball miss dog
second man grew up with no leash on it
looked like he was just charging into a
keys but he was really just going to get
his ball
wait a minute that's not okay I don't
know how many of you have any sort of
physical morning routine but we've
recently started doing this regularly
and it makes such a difference man like
waking up and getting something physical
going early on in the day I just really
really amplifies the rescue today and
obviously the dogs really appreciate it
because it's a nice long walk but
oh yeah big-time you really means I've
been all power of exercise but it's just
too hot here yeah so we just have to
beat the heat honestly we're on the back
end of the walk and this is a park
Oh might be time to pick them up well is
it about that time bud i'ma bust out the
sling yeah it's a good for your part for
as long we have to Plus this whole thing
out we bring the sling for when he gets
tired sorry's without like three
quarters weed away thank you guys for
being patient oh man
now there's four left legs on the ground
whole relaxation mode really lazy I'm
telling him barnacle weightless oh my
god he's been called barnacle because
he's literally the barnacle on the float
that is Jenna he like can't operate or
exist unless he's attached to you
everything else in his world is the
shark everything the gardener's peachie
me sometimes the SS Jenna has one very
devoted barnacles name is Mark barbegal
marvel's the barnacle Mar barnacle
monocle oh you love him oh okay all
right get off me in the morning wonder
why there's no soccer allowed here for
signs the thing no soccer can't stalk
her I wonder if you could talk to him so
I just shit another thing I've never
used this lens on this camera at a vlog
so you'll have to let me know if you
liked it or hate it
so I'll tell you one thing if you guys
are eager to find more of us okay fine
mark you can find it on Twitch because
we've been dreaming a whole fucking time
right bin we live a lot live life lives
well I'll always link our twitch channel
in the description it's a fly you get
off my arm the nerve
I feel like flies don't fly away when
you spotted them they have a nerve could
you stay there are you saying Jim first
you pile dragged him into the penetrator
thank you
I know when I got scared because first
you got my finger that he really grabs
on like this are you oh no no but it
felt like he was my finger did that
guy's one like is one prayer for that
beetle also what I was saying is you're
not allowed to spread your virgin
propaganda on this channel ever no we no
no no if the Burg ever comes up to you
guys you better just dap on them back
we're going to finish our log now
Oh
