thank you oh you can call me Billy right
Billy right yep that's my name yeah it
started Tommy I'm sorry yeah are you
saying something yeah okay you're on
blue I was have been since your last
employment Billy their employee what
iTunes was identity in 2001 so I guess
the 1996-97 went to court last year is
account my guitar broke six years ago so
uh not have had a job I had a kid she
works is that how you are your income
right now it's her income tell me a
little bit about yourself
my name is Billy Ray I love I love
country music what do you like to do in
wear cowboy hats sometimes I find them
and then I sell them to people but then
I steal I'm gonna wear and trying to
figure out for a couple years how to how
to put my voice on under the computer I
don't know how to do it yet let's see
there's a gap in your work history here
ya have country music star and then
there's just nothing you really have
nothing to do like all the time so that
takes up most of my time I'm bit I'm
busy a lot of time being proud of my dog
Molly
you know Molly's I got an iTunes account
sometimes when I'm when I'm lonely I'll
go visit Molly's room cuz I live in the
same house I help with a homework
homework she's got she forgets to do it
a long time per teacher to be calling me
about her assignments and whatnot
sometimes she's got quizzes that she
forgets about so I mean maybe it's not a
teacher how many kids do you have I
don't really know but I only want two
matters and that's my Molly all right
really ray oh yeah your water food I'm
sorry to trouble you but do you wanna
keep breaky thirst Hilary tell me about
some of your strengths my daughter my
singing voice is second to one I have a
lot of practice putting people's tops
back on when they take off the tops
because you could call it damage
control but for your daughter my hair um
I accomplished that are you open to
being clean-shaven having a hair tie the
hi Jane are you open to hygiene
sometimes I go like 3-4 days not even
wash my hands okay
but it's you can make an exception I'll
do whatever I want so what you're saying
is is that hygiene is not something
that's important to you well let's put
this way
country music Molly do you have any
special skills for this I'm a great
parent oh never mind I gotta call my
daughter Molly
she might have missed the bus today do
you a bathroom I did my own Wikipedia
page once I'm pretty good at doing the
hillbilly hot tub I poured portal hose
in my truck and they're not sick
sometimes with my clothes on and
sometimes with my daughter's clothes on
I'm pretty good at supporting my
daughter with these nuts
which is why her doing everything she
doing is these nuts
what is your nuts do ma'am what was the
question skills uh I can get some they
drew the well let me guess you're you're
18 17 I'll do you I'm a self-starter I'm
pretty much dependent on my daughter for
mostly everything in my life so I think
I could be a good addition to what is
there anything else I should know about
you Billy Ray yeah I'll bring you my
resume next week my left me out of the
tour bus my resume is inside I promise
in a couple of weeks or something you'll
have it which is taught my
professionalism I was good a host of
VMAs but I going to take Molly on her
2013 bangs tour instead so I can't host
also they didn't ask me those so that's
work that you're not doing could been
doing I was considered for about me
Billy Ray uh we will be in touch with
you like what kind you want my snapchat
more - phone number I don't have a phone
we will email you we're getting a call
four five seven three one Billy Ray
that's my email I just don't think the
interview
fit for this job you right my daughter
needs me under way my name is Billy
right do you want my autograph now or
did you want me to admit I don't even
watch each other so now where's your
bathroom thank you all for watching my
video or you could leave your comment
below or you can watch my last video
subscribe to my channel and follow me on
it's good input okay bye
