hey guys so we just got up and we're
getting ready right now to go to the
airport to get my dog we are picking her
up from the cargo thing Jenna is going
to be shooting the whole thing so once
we get there so have the camera and you
guys will get to see me meet my new baby
girl peach for the first time I've been
waiting for this forever I'm like
wearing her collar right now I don't
know I haven't been this excited for
something in a long time
it's a big deal so I'm gonna go get a
third dog now I want to thank everyone
for the joint excitement that the
internet has had with me for this dog
it's gonna be amazing
also I want to thank Kermit and Jenna
for teaching me how amazing an Italian
gram can be good I like this with all
the makeup on with a ratchet bitch I
can't drive too drunk to drive so we'll
give her a little time to sober up yeah
I can see your butt I'm gonna get Jen's
pants on and we're gonna go to the
airport all right we'll see you guys
there
we dare
give it here real number this excited to
join you
every time around what did I tell you
she landed I can see over here right now
she's getting taken over when she gets
there you can take or how they look
great another stop beautiful look it'll
be exciting but it's your fault it's
comets falling great so where we dump
the cargo right now peach isn't here yet
really keep like looking over the
counter she's coming
I'm getting in dock now by all rights
then like a half an hour
energy
get here get legs is it for him Italian
Greyhound
Julie check her out
Julie it takes out yeah of course you
can take her out
yeah
cute
so peach is home and we're going
straight to the backyard because I think
she needs to pee Jenna went inside she's
gonna bring Kermit out so she teachers
gonna meet Kermit first and then Marvel
just so she's not overwhelmed her down
in play no running away she's trying to
run back to Georgia I'm so much happier
oh so much better Oh with the tail she's
wagging your tail baby Oh peach does
that make you feel better sweetheart
marbles is in timeout she's not quite
ready calm your energy marbles
oh my god
Kermit is like beside himself mr. Kermit
can you be a nice boy boy I know
Marvel's gotta figure out but she's a
puppy I think letting exploit oh there
she goes
Clippy increments everything you ever do
will be with me
don't worry birthday Terminal Market
Committee shot permit she's not ready
for all that easy calm down she's a baby
she jumps around she's so happy oh you
have loved oh yeah you floppy dog I
guess so I know this isn't like a really
big deal but watch what happens when I
walk away she follows me
the amount of times that I felt like
alone here with the boys always just
following their mom and not really
caring where I am it's like it's like
the best feeling ever
like she just wants to be with me and
just like Kermit loves me she's eaten
she's drank water like she's taking the
Kermit comics like in love with her it's
such a different experience with her
than it was with both of mine because
they were so high-strung Kermit Kermit
didn't stop crying for three days
straight and she's like adjusting he's
very nice I'm just so happy right now I
can't even
Kermit thinks that forgot about it I
didn't forget about you you're so big
bro I wanted my teach today there's a
black theme to be growing hello there oh
thank you
everyone this is peach I hope you guys
liked this video of me meeting my dog
for the first time she's cheating on my
finger we took a lot of a lot of footage
so it's not gonna all fit into this vlog
so I'll put together another one of like
her first few days and everything else
you're gonna be seeing a lot more of
this beautiful little lady you little
lady she's an angel subscribe to my
channel you can follow her on Instagram
and Twitter I'll link it in the
description I have a really funny video
I think it's really funny coming this
week so it will be posted on my channel
later in the week I love you guys and
see you later bye
