hi hi so Jenna did video out of that
Club Mount my arms were she sat with her
arms in a shirt and I served as her arms
with my arms and it was fun and now I'm
gonna do one get around for me she's in
the arms that's Jenna hi hi
she's gonna be my arms she is gonna do
whatever she wants we have a couple
little supplies couples I can't see my
right eye so I'm just gonna talking
about that v got toothbrushes got proxy
so we got some stuff take care of me all
right this is my alright Oh
oh no it is terrifying from this side
oh my god Oh get this awkward - OH mmm
so you do any closet Italian you want to
eat the whole okay go off - I wish I
could spit right now that's on the floor
I don't reach back to get some Cologne
oh don't need to be the sprayer its poor
aha
Oh Calvin Klein okay let's be careful
with this this is neat let's reach in
with our shaving brush all right we
don't need water
who needs water oh gosh yep let's just
rub it in there there's a little bit of
fact of you shaving your face I'm gonna
add a little toothpaste to shaving cream
because you get all the hairs in that's
my that's in my eye if you go recklessly
you cover more of the face and that's
the ultimate goal
let's feel it oh yeah get the air in
there oh yeah so good it's not good
oh god it takes you to what a product
see how it goes
oh yeah go right against the grain
perfect oh yeah
don't need any water in between this is
great oh yeah shake it out it's
definitely easier fingers to see how
sharp the blade you don't need to look
at all just kind of do it live what a
job
this is the absolute affliction with a
little bit of alcohol in it so let's be
careful we always want to take
precautions oh my god
okay the more the better
nice and eerie
Oh God oh okay that's all we are that's
a shame what should it be
let's reach without looking and grab up
it's a breast I'll think up all right so
let's brush the long mane that we have
on top of our head oh okay what's up
camera oh yeah feel that boy oh now we
got some putty here yeah that's funny
time to get this new hairstyle done oh
yeah pat your head first you definitely
want pattern yeah don't don't
yeah don't don't worry is it too much
you never use too much honey let's rub
our hands together oh nice
oh right nice and fast get some heat
going in there Colin computer oh god let
me pick up we go fast make that nice
lovely sound in the render arms by
howtobasic you gotta have really
double-jointed shoulders to get back
there to see my flexibility here yeah
shake it out sometimes you got to pull
the hair harder than their pain
threshold oh fuck the nail because that
gets your body Lincoln excited and it's
spider to make it good hair stop and we
pull up if ya keep doing it now that
guy's oh bitch it does whatever we want
it's get a couple of hair bands we got a
whole lot of hair bands over here in any
case we're gonna do one back here there
you go so that's one little long
ponytail we're good
probably a couple and then we got not
really symmetrical whatsoever but we're
doing another one now I would like
Mickey Mouse so that's my hairstyles
going for good stuff that's not right
that's not right that's okay oh yeah oh
yeah I get the rest of it over I have
face and there we go that's perfect
that's really good my hair's completely
out of her face you just knock yourself
before a little bit suppose even grab
and rip off the size of the band-aids
never clean those up those always should
be shown on the floor and let's put it
right where I have all my money right
now huh cuz on the cheek did they cut
myself doing my hair on my cheek clearly
there's another place on my face or
something that needs to be covered from
the bacteria that exists elsewhere right
under the chin perfect you know it's
funny about violins are so harmless
unless they're stabbing your scalp last
thing we want everyone is hair her face
that's right I hope you guys are
learning there's so much always to be
absorbed sometimes oh my gosh we're
doing it Tyler we ran out of time we
gotta go
and we gotta get over already I think we
are and that's how you get ready with
your arms
thank you arms what would I do without
you I would sure as hell not look as
good as this well thank you everyone I
hope you enjoyed watching this if you're
ticklish this is not exactly the easy
thing to go through but it's worth it
because it's fun but this is how you get
ready this movie not my arms challenge I
want to thank my arms for doing such a
great job and we don't mean that we love
you hi we have a puncher would you look
at that I had no idea on that it
shouldn't work so we had to try and
we'll be back with another video soon
but I wanna say thank you to my arms and
and I'm giving blowjobs from both sides
so thank you bye boy you're welcome
night-night yeah we're just a lock it up
like this
