Hey alright so someone on Twitter gave
me this idea and I'd seen it before it's
not anything new but I thought it'd be
pretty funny to read some of the mean
comments that are either on YouTube on
Jenna's YouTube on social media whatever
there's a lot of comments out there that
not only mean but they're pretty
creative so I thought it would be kind
of a waste if we didn't talk about them
or at least read them out loud I want to
say before I read any of these that the
amount of support and love that you guys
all give me whether it's involved with
Jenna's videos or whatever it is is
overwhelming and amazing so this is
purely out of fun and just to make use
of some of these really lonely people in
the Internet
he's very ugly really
Julianne looks like a ratchet version of
Dora the Explorer that one spot on I
can't even argue about it
yo what's up I'm Dora do you Laura
check out my button yo door doesn't even
have longer hair than I do
where's like right here yo this is Dora
check out my backpack hey yo Dora
ratchet time to get some exploring on
Kevin Smith says that friendzone has got
to be rough I really wish you were right
about some of that but you're not
there's no friends ongoing you're so
sick your friends oh I'm so friendzone
my girlfriend friends owns maybe girl
don't you hate when your girlfriend
friends owns you Debbie says Julian is
so ugly get him off here well if I'm so
I mean you don't have to watch any of
this so fun hurting your eyes you can
get off cuz I'm going fucking nowhere
fuck you Julian go eat Jenna's dick
looks like Jonah from Tonga I left the
comment said puck you with a P it's her
brother guys hahahaha the amount of
these comments is that way you really
shouldn't keep putting your gay
boyfriends in your videos I think that
was directed to Jenna not me
and I'm the gay boyfriend it is very
clear that Jenna wants some attention is
that guy retarded sorry to disappoint
you I'm very much not retarded god I
hate that Julian you gotta hate him tell
that fucking douchey boyfriend to get
his fucking hands dirty and go to Home
Depot and fix that shit now this is
referring to Jenna in her video saying
there was a plumbing issue at the house
guess I'm supposed to fix it
boyfriend this faggy douche bet really
disappointed so starting to disappoint
you step Dana White writes who watches
this crap if I was five I might find gay
boy and donkey funny okay
who's done whose donkey I know I'm the
gay boy but but and that's not Dana what
you can't just run your name is Dana
white on YouTube and make him your
profile picture and then comment us and
that's not nice Claudia come is that the
donkey I think they're referring to
Kermit come on are you ducky oh my god
this douche wishes so hard that he could
be Aaron Paul he probably masturbates
non-stop to Breaking Bad and hopes that
he can run into meth heads to do his
best
Aaron pop jenna is trying desperately to
be like you're not even the poor man's
Aaron Paul's brother with Down syndrome
you gotta at least respect this comment
for its grammars flows really well ah
who doesn't masturbate to Breaking Bad I
mean that show so erotic
oh my god you guys are stupid as hell
jenna is lesbian and Julian or should I
say mark is gay like for reals people
you see the way the two of them interact
with each other they just say they are
bf and GF it makes Jenna look better for
dating a non-successful slash
unattractive guy we know Jenna enjoys
extreme make-out sessions with hot girls
and Julian likes playing dress-up the
more you know idiots so many facts
there's airtight logic all over that
comment I like how she added
non-successful
good touch pop-tart troll who the fuck
wants to see that dorky guy we just need
to see the hot blonde chick did a dog
write this comment she's been wearing
purple hair for almost
two months and this isn't an old comment
so her boyfriend is so dirty feels like
a weird thing to call someone like over
an Internet actually like you haven't
even smelled me bro like I could smell
so good I got rock your world
I sent like you don't even know what
kind of Cologne I wear it's not dirty
Julien is embarrassing I don't think I'm
alone and not wanting him in any more
videos you're alone what's with the gay
guy I don't know but he's really a jenna
is proof that girls only go for the
douchey guys what is up with the
douchebag hairdo do you really have to
be trying that hard I'm trying really
hard I wake up every morning at a tie my
hair up as tight and as douchey as
possible you why does the ugly dude in
the video have an effing ponytail
because I wanted to piss you off
caterham I'm wearing it for you hope you
like it
his hair is so gay jenna is my hair day
Oh Jenna says it's not gay joy I think
you're wrong it's not gay hairs not gay
Jillian's hair is the worst there must
be other hair that's worse than mine it
can't be the worst hair Billy Ray Cyrus
is a good example of hair that is worse
than mine therefore mine is not the
worst you guys really love my hair I
cannot express how much I hate his hair
well you tried not everyone can express
what they're feeling sometimes writing
it down maybe you can get someone to
talk to
that'll help you express how much we get
my hair stopped watching this vid after
noticing the dude wearing a hair band or
something while trying to look tough
because everybody knows the best way to
look tough is to wear a hair band that's
exactly why I wear so I'm actually kind
of upset that the rusty axe exposed my
plan trying not to be rude this lap is
awful what the fack
sar do you think my laugh is awful some
have told me it's not that awful just
don't make me laugh then and then I
won't laugh is he special needs yep I
forgot my helmet today right Jenna yeah
and your new helmet he is kind of fat
I'm not fat I just got pizza coupon and
now I'm not going to use it cuz you
called me fat and why do you even use
the word kinda if I'm fat just say it
fuck what's with the headbands dudes a
complete chode well yeah okay I'm a
chode to give you the answer on the
headband
question sometimes the hair that I grow
out of my head gets in my face kind of
like you are getting in my face so I use
a hairband to get them out of my face
although I wouldn't use a hairband to
get you out of my face I would just use
other means to get you out of my face
like moving on to the next comment it
was funny at first then annoying then I
wanted to shout on my monitor but
realize that will be pointless because I
still have speakers then I sucked it up
and let the damn thing finish wow I'm so
sorry gonna put you through all that
pain there is something you might want
to look up it's called a power switch it
would have solved your problem without I
need the anger but I'm glad you gutted
it out nice work Matthew and thanks for
telling us about it - Thank You Matthew
and thank you everyone else who left
these comments so we can read them out
loud and share them with the rest of the
Internet who cares enough to watch hard
to argue with some of these I also want
to say thank you for anyone who sent me
these mean comments not the people who
typed them but the people who screencap
them and sent them to me as material for
this video because you know it does get
tiring looking through these mean
comments so when someone does it for me
it's very helpful so I hope you enjoyed
this video I know I did and if any of
you who may wrote these comments are
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
too because giving you attention what
more is there all right I love you until
next time thanks for watching I
