it's like a really warm day and Big Bear
and I'm just thirsty so I'm having some
milk this is a good genin spacing I
drink the milk I think she likes it
though we'll get up close see if she
really likes it
her get the fuck out of my face doing
this oh my god
ill the gulping I can't handle the
gulping it's like a hot out why are you
doing that
I heated up the milk to something else
hot throw-up
um milk tell me you want some milk okay
let me come here I'm going to drink it
off I'm going to chug it as I could take
shots
you owe me a gross baby pig she called
me gross ass baby
mmm you put on a milk mustache later and
sneak up behind you
milk is BAE is not BAE just like jerk
drink I'd like Kermit dad just smell it
hmm nothing's always such a good choice
too hot for milk
aren't you fucking hot oh I'm gonna vom
you Rome Rome says I'm gonna vom cuz
vomit is too long of a word but Kermit
drink some 3-hundred milk thank you
oh I'm surrounded my past evening he
drinks it so gross look at his face
why is he drinking like oh it's Oliver's
face no no a no how would you want to
milk yeah that's a milk nope oh why is
everyone drinking it it's a guy thing
you can milk marble drinking rum
imported on you you want to eat here
we're just getting out pour milk on dogs
only on cue
yes hey Graham it's a company gross you
want some more milk you're gonna spill
it on the couch make him get his face in
there I was drinking
naseous milk cause nasty-ass Julian's
making him his face us stripping
everywhere
now he's gonna smell like hot milk
Kermit's so parched for milk this face
oh I taught you right little guy it's on
his lower lip all of you
he permit like your mommy now all of you
it's way too hot and grows out from milk
Kermit I taught you up good boy now get
that last little bit let's rub it on mom
Oh fun
no I just feel like sick now from
watching everyone chug milk Julian's got
ill be
