okay I want to first apologize that I
have not put a video up in a long time
about a month because of life I've been
doing a lot more work I'm sorry that I
have not put up more videos in the past
month but I've been getting a lot of
questions on Twitter about me and my
life and everything else so I decided
that I would answer your questions in a
video earlier today I tweeted out for
you guys to ask them your questions on
Twitter and I got a lot of questions and
a lot of them are really good so I
favorited them earlier and I didn't
really give much thought into them
because I wanted my answer to them to be
as genuine and real as possible so this
is a question video I guess questions
number one Jim asks what is the best job
you've had so far when I was 12 I just
finished Little League and the summer
after the season I got a job as an
umpire for like five pitch which was
like a step up from t-ball they hit off
as a little machine so I would feed the
balls in the machine and also be the
umpire but it was like 30 bucks a game
and it was like an hour and a half so I
was 12 making like I don't know 20 bucks
an hour which is pretty awesome which I
love but I also just loved it because
all those little guys playing baseball
was just so funny to watch they had no
idea what they're doing and it was
hilarious because so many of the parents
took it so seriously and oftentimes
yelled at me the twelve-year-old
manning a little machine so that was
really fun but I enjoyed it I was
probably the best job that I've ever had
I enjoyed the most I made a lot of money
what is your favorite breakfast food I
like a good breakfast sandwich if I
could have like a perfect breakfast meal
it would be a breakfast sandwich with a
side of pancakes with a side of
breakfast sandwich with pancakes and
orange juice and coffee how did you
Jenna meet I was a bartender for a
little while at a bar in Santa Monica so
she lived up the street from the bar I
worked at and she would often come into
the bar to have a drink and that's how
we first met
I didn't know how she was but I got
introduced to her through her coming
into my bar and then I took a night off
one time to hang out with her and we all
kind of drank and had some fun and the
rest is history what is your all-time
favorite movie Big Daddy and it's not
because that kid's name is Julian it's
just a great movie and it's always been
a great movie dodgeball is pretty good
too so is you later see I can't answer
this question Big Daddy
what's the first thing you do when you
wake up I've always chug water so I wake
up and before I like even feel awake I
just chug water because I don't and then
I move on throughout my day wherever I
am next I don't feel like properly
started I feel like my body hasn't
woken up ah so that's what I do first
then I drink Atari caffeine what is the
cheesiest pick-up line that you can come
up with I'm gonna have to steal this one
from Johnny Bravo if any of you guys
even though that is you go to the ground
you say hey you're pretty I'm pretty
what do you say we go back to my place
and just stare at each other for a while
that's my pickup line which movie and TV
show have you rewatched the most movie
whatever's on if there's a movie that's
on that I like all rewatch it all the
time
TV show easily the office I've probably
watched all nine seasons maybe like 15
20 times in my life all of them it's
timeless I feel like I can't get enough
that show if I ever want to like get
work done or study or do something I'll
put the office on and then I'll just go
about what I'm doing because the the
sound of the office in the background is
just like soothing kinda and I like it
if solo Peeta was a real food would you
eat it uh yes
solo pizza is my favorite food and I
wouldn't need anything but I would
special order so Lupita online so I
would never run out
Kathryn says what is love that's Jenna
playing the ukulele by the way she got
it like three days ago and besides
sleeping and going to the gym she I
stopped she's actually getting pretty
good I guess my poor thing Kevin is the
fourth day Kevin's a ukulele got a new
boyfriend I guess I don't know what love
is I'm trying to answer the question
what is love
yeah good timing common love is when you
portrait let you play with Kevin cuz
Kevin's my boyfriend good song Kevin
that was pretty good timing trying to
answer the question
Katherine asked what is love I think
love is when you try to go about your
day and you try to do things you know
because you're supposed to whether it's
work or school or you know a sport or
whatever it is that you have to do
throughout your day and at the end of
the day no matter what you did no matter
what you accomplished no matter where
you grew who you met at the end of the
day you're left thinking about that
person I think that's love wow I just
got so sappy how did you come up with
mock or Madeline have you always been
good with meeting up characters well
first of all I'm at work and I get a
text from Jenna that says will you dress
up to be a girl though I said yes
because Jenna asked me anyone else asked
no I came up with Madeline because after
we filmed I just felt like Madeline was
really good at dancing and she was a
little bit pretentious and Madeline
isn't quite a good enough name for
someone like her so you had to get
Madeline and then of course spell it all
weird
mo cute Matt along and I don't know I
give the dogs nicknames all the time so
I guess that I don't know what was your
first impression of Ryan Higa ah the
first time I met Ryan Higa it was at
Jenna's surprise birthday party almost
two years ago and I never met him before
and he came and showed up for no other
reason just to be there and I was dating
Jenna at the time it was more low-key at
that time but he was just at the party
and I didn't really know anyone so we
just kind of started talking about judo
as he used to do judo Jiu Jitsu which is
sort of similar that's how we met
walking really really nice talented so
hard-working I'm really funny and we
just went some in Vegas again so fines
off what was your favorite part of
Australia everyone who we met was nice
all these are just nice and the food and
the coffee wild whites for days I love
 the Australian coffee the food
the coffee the people there you go are
you in generally dating by the way I
love you and her so much we are really
dating and I love you too
what is the response bin since getting
more involved in Jenna's videos and
YouTube so honestly it's been really
really nice and a lot of you have been
so supportive I have like everyone
finding my social media accounts and
honestly just like pouring
that me and it's so nice like there you
know for a little while it was tough
because people were just a little bit
shitty about it and they've the YouTube
comments on the first couple videos I
appeared and were you know
understandably because she hadn't really
introduced me we're a little cold but
you know ever since Jenna's like
properly introduced me in her videos and
they know people know who I am
everyone's been so nice you guys are
amazing which is why I'm making this
video which is why I tweet back at
everyone and you guys are all really
great who are your favorite youtubers
Ryan I love rides videos each X is great
superwoman
Oh Frank for his prank those guys are
awesome there's a scroll to remember it
starts with a CH a last name is like mom
I can't think of it what's your biggest
vice is your favorite superhero and
what's the best way to get legs how do i
serum it all right one at a time sonya
what's your biggest advice i watched a
 ton of reality TV that's probably
my biggest vice and it's because of her
she showed me what reality TV is and i
can't stop watching it the challenge
Gordon Ramsay shows everything who's
your favorite superhero Superman ever
since I was a little kid what's the best
way to get legs alright besides doing
deadlifts if you're just like at a table
with someone and you're just like hey
get legs you just put your hand up and
you go like this hmm
and you walk away and you say get legs
that's how your legs and how do I say
how do I say I'm f how about Sarah map I
don't know how to say I'm at that does
do you remember me yes of course
remember you love you Veronica what is
something you missed from childhood
going to the movies was like really cool
now I hate it because I hate everyone at
the movies and I hate paying fifteen
dollars or whatever but when I was a kid
it was like it was special you
got to sit and watch this huge screen
and get snacks that you didn't pay for
we go super purchase and you get to
see these movies and then you talk about
movies and Friends and then you get some
back seat on the way home and talk about
the movies and repeat the lines yeah
movies for sure is it okay that I fancy
your brother's Emma of course you can
fancy the Rose I think you're referring
to Chase who is my brother from Texas
and Marlon maybe who's my orange haired
brother yes you can fancy them just be
good to them what is something nobody
really knows about you not because you
don't want them to know just because it
never comes up I have something called
celiac disease which I'm allergic to
gluten means I can't eat any weak to
most beers bread pizza pasta everything
that tastes good I have to have a
special version of it or else I'd die I
don't die I just get really sick how
long and ratchet are you gonna let your
hair get before you
it long and ratchet what's your max
bench bro not very much I don't bench
too much I think if I were to guess
right now I could probably put up 285
pounds I don't think I ever got to 300
I've been too busy dead lifting and
getting legs how do you and Jenna
usually actually other like
children he talk in ridiculous voices
and accents we talk like babies to each
other we talk to the dogs we laugh at
ridiculous things if you were watch it
you'd probably think we had some sort of
condition but we're two peas in a pod
where we react equally ridiculous every
single day and I love it my favorite
exercises right now cleaning jerk and
the snatch because I'm really into
Olympic lifting and I do it basically
every day
other than that deadlifts damn Skippy
okay it looks like I've answered all
your questions hopefully I didn't miss
anyone if you guys care enough I'll do
this again because I enjoy answering
your questions and talking to you in
this interaction I love it so just tweet
at me and leave your comment below if I
missed anything and I'll try to get to
it and I love you all so much before I
go I have one thing to tell you get legs
yeah yeah look
