now we're here in your home gym shuffle
Xbox things even here at once
and you're not training right now you
set your hands for her fight yeah kind
of busted my hands a little bit so we're
actually we have right now hopefully in
the next few weeks you start with a
bunch of Indians back
not broken though just irritated yeah
now obviously that was from a big fight
that just happened you know before the
altar fire you were fighting at Bama I
don't care about what we talk about my
Rangers showed a while back you were you
know was before you Ultimate Fighter
when you got the call you know you tried
out all the fighters you have to call
you media you know what was it felt when
I got the call I was a contestant and
fighting in the house I was like this is
my chance this is one time right now I
thought I was a winner and the next big
thing things didn't quite work out that
way but I think it worked out better
yeah I was I was happy to get there or
don't heart work and I'm doing
no and you were you know obviously the
ultimate fighter in itself is just a
great opportunity to exposure that's
coaching but you were on the season with
Ronda Rousey you should take which is
the first female coaches and he had
female housemates what was that like
learning from those fighters and being
in that environment um going into it I
didn't know what to expect but it was
the excellent experience I gotta say
girls are we organized so that's gonna
work with the gross it was really some
tough some good artwork right there
Rhonda's she's bomb and her became
really good friends and stuff Christ now
go there hanging out teaching me her
mark mark it's just it was just all
around good experience yeah you finish
the season and you didn't get a chance
to fight in a meeting with UFC where
some people did and it's you know it's
kind of hard to distinguish why that
happens you know fighters who didn't
show get shots to fight in the UFC and
you know it doesn't but you didn't and I
was tough and you went back to fighting
you know local what was that like taking
that step back this like I said we
sacrificed a lot too so how about I had
a nice little deal with our Oh series of
fighting that we can't adjusting in the
house so they have to take that step
back kind of hurt a little bit um
mentally and physically I quit my job so
I can she fight another person then you
get the call from the UFC say okay
you're fighting and then it was first
item ethically right so the first fight
of the night you know get your chance do
you feel extra motivated to feel extra
hungry nervous like what was that like
getting that call you know from an
ultimate fighter and I went back and
point to the ult not only was I the
first bite on one month I got a
spectacular ko that panel SportsCenter
oh man I didn't ask for anything better
to play out with my coaches and
teammates up there so I played people to
share with so I'm still on cloud nine
now something like a picture-perfect
like experience right there and that's
you know it's wild that you know you're
the first by the night and you
absolutely set the tone I was one of the
most insane knockouts I think I've ever
seen and a lot of people agree you know
okay so you're in the Octagon you throw
that in the Atlantic wash you walk away
despite stop that one's going crazy what
is like what just happened like what
take me through what's in your head at
that point did you pinch myself to wake
up just in case
and you said you work on these live
again
yeah I've had a little working on a lot
of media lot of cakes because when
dimensionals and the Restless that's my
hair blue bloody elbows by the way said
this and it was just good to get that
that ko and when I came down I had to
hit him socket just walk quite away just
walking away and I didn't know what to
say so I just start screaming the
yelling
I can't imagine us you know I'm pretty
pretty awesome and Sports Center thing I
can't even you can't even imagine that
happen number two yeah I remember that
was definitely not in my planners I'm
glad it happened
some of my clothes I thought many
different ways to win the fight now once
think about you know climbing and out
there every scenario I thought about you
know I end up pregnant and but I was so
well they're so happy i DM crowds as
exciting just to have that feminine know
that I'm gonna get another opportunity
to come back and do something
yeah and that's half that's the half
like the victory
the UFC when you win is knowing they had
another shot you ever see that's a you
know obviously what you look forward to
now after this all happened you know you
say you're so loud man I can't imagine
or not that's it's a lifetime type of
thing right now your rehab knee injuries
you're going to get back to training how
are you gonna try to you know it's a
hard thing to come down from something
like that and move on with a level head
and you know keep your composure and
stay as hungry as you were before that
fight how you managed to you know get
back in the gym and kind of put that
behind you as hard as it might be to
move forward get another win new girls
to do today you know he died and all
that time I was at Sesame was assembling
a bit even higher um may not be able to
top that but let's go out there on a
great show
hi everybody that I have really used
everybody here in this volume here and
being hungry is not not a problem from
I'm super hungry I'm super motor
I want to be a world champion I don't
want to be a good fighter only a great
fighter one be the best ever I want to
have that goal so that's what I think
about when I come in here and train if
they don't hurt then there's no pain I
need to go harder that's your variable
and you know that's kind of what you've
gotten to this point where that's how to
drive and it seems like you're really
hitting your stride now so it's good to
see him you know I look forward to
seeing your next fight at the Year see
it I'll be watching closely hoping I did
not have a high expect to do some good
work thank ya means you know hungry I'm
liking this knockouts and email I mean
the last teamfight
manifestly thank you
