oh so I just finished my workout I
brought the camera to the gym today so
you guys can get a pretty nice extensive
workout vlog in the beginning I worked a
lot of mobility exercises for my
shoulders with the bar I was trying to
get everything loosened up so when you
get to the platform everything feels
nice and right so yeah I like I'm gonna
detail I've been struggling a little bit
with my ankle mobility in terms of like
my cleans and my squats and you know
anything where my butt goes below my
knees so I've been doing a couple
accessories we have exercises where I
work solely on that ankle flexibility
and that mobility you know I use the
footboard of the ankle board where I
work my ankle at an angle and I push my
knee towards the outside I do balancing
exercises so I will show you everything
all this stuff in the workout is where
you guys have been I've been getting a
lot of requests where my videos aren't
also more workout video so I'm gonna do
my best to bring the camera to the gym
much as I can
I hope you guys enjoy this video also I
had a really fun time at playlist last
weekend for all those of you who came up
to say hi to me that was like really
cool if I enjoyed me and everyone of you
the whole event was pretty cool it went
really smooth Jenna crushed it I got to
hang out with some really cool people
also on addition to everyone who came up
and said hi at the mean greets I got to
meet Jesse and Jeana from Craig versus
prank they're really nice got along
really well with Jesse talked to for a
while thing was great jesse smiles great
people anyway it was a good experience
and like I said everyone who said I to
me so cool of you guys to do that tag me
in those pictures so I can like that
gonna get some guys right now gotta
hydrate hydrate hydrate spinal water is
not big enough to fill my thirst for
hydration so I will try to get more like
travel vlogs bringing my camera to AFP
gym to get stuff for you people are you
guys like the workout stuff I will do my
best to bring more that's you all right
that's all hydrate hydrate hydrate right
now right now hydrate
