you guys made me do this apparently
every time I shave this pattern of
facial hair in the knife case I find
just an overwhelming amount of outrage
immediately and always in everlasting
there's something about the mustache
that has just the most intense effect
otay intents is putting a prevalent
first of all I'd like to say I didn't
shave this mustache into my face
generative so I'm not really the only
one at fault here to think about
secondly oh yeah I guess there is no
secondly because I feel like the
mustache comments are some of my
favorite to read despite the fact that
most of them just are immediately
demanding that I get rid of it I decided
to ask you guys what you thought of my
mustache so now I'm just going to read
your responses nasty but good it makes
me want to end myself that's a good one
oh I love my fans I see no difference
okay there's clearly a difference
he has overalls on top of his red shirt
and his hat is red cuz those are two
differences right off the bat also I'm
not a transparent PNG broom face it
looks like this car's mustache what
because the car has a great mustache and
I have a great mustache go away I look
like that car some cars fuck out you
look like a pizza delivery guy do you
mean like the kind in a porno or like a
real pizza delivery guy cuz I feel like
you don't mean a real pizza delivery
good burn it
you look like Dwight's long-lost brother
it says pornstache as it could get so
does that mean like there's like a
pornstache spectrum so I'm at the very
end of the pornstache spectrum are you
telling me I'm as pornstache I can get
slain in a porno and it's already at the
end of the spectrum whenever I look at
you I can feel my clothing being
mentally taken off you can actually feel
assaulted by facial hair this is just
this is I'm not mentally taking off your
clothes I'm just shaving a mustache in
my face just like Tom Selleck
it looks like the perfect seat I mean it
could be worse thank you it makes me
want to cry a pedo dad I want to be
associated with can you untag yourself
in someone else's tweet with your
glasses on you actually look like the
human
version of Kermit alright fuckin fine
Kermit's the fucking dapper gentleman
and I'm happy to hear that
Collins is better this is probably the
worst comment here how is that better
how how is that better than any anything
I'd rather control-z back to the beard
well you know what life's not just a
keyboard okay you can't just ctrl Z back
to a certain facial hair although I have
this thing where every time I don't have
my beard I miss it and every time I have
it I hate it I think it's just what you
have to live with when you have a good
beard it makes you look like you could
very easily fix my car I would like it
better if you shaved it and wrote
mustache there instead
oh good like genitalia eyebrows just
moustache you know for some reason I
think that wouldn't be better you legit
look like dr. Phil all right that feels
it I'll shave it
all right I'll shave it you got me 20
out of 10 would not let you near a park
because people with mustaches should be
able to go to parks too okay do not
discriminate against certain facial hair
also why did you give me a 20 out of 10
if I can't go to the park 20 out of 10
is a fantastic rating I don't understand
how you're pulling it off is this a
compliment or like that's such bad
facial hair I don't understand how your
clothes I guess it's a : thank you makes
you want to die tbh another nice to come
in have you ever seen the movie The
Lovely Bones this is probably the most
common tweet I get on a daily basis when
there's a mustache shaped in my face I
have not seen lovely bumps but I can
gather at this point that that gentleman
is not the protagonist and you are not
rooting for him I don't know Andy I'll
watch lovely bones now maybe that's what
it'll take to shave my mustache it's
like doctor disrespect except you know
worse seriously not attractive Shadid I
love the comments that I can just like
feel the anger from this is just like
really bothering you to the point where
you're not even wasting any time with
this Twitter joke opportunity shave it
seriously not a joke it looks like you
guys adopted another animal well I guess
that's not super unbelievable at this
point either is it you look like the cop
who thinks he's really good at his job
but he's just eating doughnuts always
well that's me always I think Matt post
says I'd ride it
perfect eme ok the food get alright
that's it
this is I have to shave it off there's
you can't because it's made I fucking
hate it this is how I feel when I look
at you with that thing on your face it's
just a beautiful scenic pic that says
you're a dumbass inward on I refuse to
answer without a lawyer present you
can't even answer what you think of it
without a lawyer present your data
centers out my mustache does he stop
reading is it that threatening is Brett
big I think everyone wants to know what
do you think of the mustache I love it
why you sure I got really excited facial
mustaches are there other kinds of
mustaches someone thought it would look
better if I just shaved it and rub my
stache there oh man we're fucking
talking
NHN I'll let you know this tweet just
says in fact you are very sweet thank
you for saying I'm sweet you look like a
fucking creep but I support you on your
decision to look like a creep heartbase
that's the general kind of theme of this
you hate it but you support me a lot of
a lot of these are just saying how much
more I look like a dad and certain
specific like types of dad cook if
somebody else's soccer game okay see
that that's going to get me in trouble
but you can't just go to somebody else's
head soccer I don't know I'm filming a
YouTube video I hate it so very much
well worded I appreciate the tweet I
feel like we should end it on this one
because this is like a tweet I would
send out honestly Sam it's fan stache
tick I'm good-looking stache done done
you grow that thing yourself
now that we've kind of gotten all out of
our systems we can move on right I can
just I can be like this now every couple
months I can i I don't know you don't
know I definitely won't go to parks
though because someone said I can't go
to a park certainly not
thank you guys for roasting the fuck out
of my face I felt like doing this video
because I was reading comments on every
single platform I exist on about my
mustache and they were honestly making
you laugh so thank you for making off if
you guys want me to do more of these
videos or more of these facial hair
phases - dislike in them subscribe if
you guys want to read the script of the
entire parts of the Caribbean movie it's
in the description below at least I
didn't film the video this close
have you seen lovely bones
