I'm bored okay so I wasn't sure what to
do for video this week until I started
to realize how pissed off I was getting
about a couple of different things I
guess I've been paying more attention to
things that bother me just being out in
the world as an adult as a human being
that most every one of you probably have
experienced before and I'm singing for a
video idea and I was like okay well
rants exists on YouTube so I can just do
one of those so basically I wanted to
make a video about things that I would
like to understand that I was out
driving the other day and you know
you're driving and you're going at a
decent 30 40 mile per hour pace you
didn't say the right length is for you
in the US in the opposite side of the
world you're going to opposite the wrong
way
so you're going straight and you're
going pretty fast and then you see a
street coming up where someone's trying
to turn and instead of doing so in a
timely manner they slowly creep their
car out and before you know what they're
like in your way but they're basically
stopped so they're not going in front of
you and they're not waiting behind you
but they're doing a little middle ground
and it's so frustrating I don't
understand why people do that it's
almost like someone opens the stall
while you're in the bathroom and they
see you're in there and then they
continuously slowly open it just to
realize you're in there even though they
already saw you're in there it's like I
don't understand what are you trying to
accomplish are you afraid to drive fast
because if you are you should just wait
until I'm done going by and if you want
to make me slow down you should go to
the police academy and then learn how to
be a traffic cop so you can legally tell
people to slow down but other than that
I'm not really sure what your problem is
the lane is being used so either hurry
and go ahead or wait but don't just bad
driver all over my lane and make me slow
down everyone behind me mad at me
because you decided that you didn't want
to know how to drive today another thing
that I am trying to understand better is
I was at the bar the other day and I
asked for fireball which for those of
you who don't know it it's a fucking
awesome well it's cinnamon flavored
whiskey a great shot to take it's just a
party all around so I asked for fireball
and I guess you could say fireballs
of a cheap ish whiskey because a lot of
whiskeys have been aged and they're you
know from different states and all sorts
of things it's not really a traditional
whiskey so I asked for a fireball and
now I used to bartend and I also used to
be and I still am an adult who knows how
to talk to other people something I'd
like to understand better is why people
have to just pretentious all over the
place instead of just answering your
question they have to seem extra cool or
extra above you when you ask a question
that they think is beneath them this guy
instead of responding to my question you
know like a normal person who's treating
a patron of his place of work instead of
saying no we don't have it I'm sorry or
yes we have it let me get you some he he
like slowly walked away as I was asking
it like he heard fireball and he was
like okay I'm gonna walk away from this
customer and he made this face you he
like laughed at it as if I told him a
joke and he walked away and I was like
what about my question was so laughable
what was so stupid that he had to Scott
that he shook his head at me like I had
walked into his bar and asked for new
tires for my bike or something like a
question that would warrant no response
and is so dumb you'd laugh at it but
instead I asked for a liquor at a bar
and he thought it was so stupid because
that liquor apparently isn't worthy of
being even mentioned in his stupid bar
he was so appalled that someone might
want liquor that his place at work
didn't carry I'd like to understand that
guy better something else I'd like to
understand better is why people choose
to make a bad situation even worse by
asking insanely unhelpful questions or
saying something ridiculously unhelpful
the other day we were hanging out and
marbles snuck out the gate into the
front lawn they were playing out back in
the yard and suddenly he sneaks out the
gate into the front lawn and starts
barking at this lady because marbles
he's very protective over everyone so he
starts barking we hear the barking were
like okay that's not in the backyard we
run out and find him and obviously we're
shaking we're scared we're like oh my
god he got out we grab him or start
walking back to the house and the ladies
tells us the lady says you really
shouldn't let your dogs out like that
really you dumb old lady what did you
think we were just bored and we wanted
to let our four-pound Chihuahua go on an
adventure by himself to come back when
where he wants and market whoever he
wants along the way did you actually
think that disciplining us like we're
children not knowing what we're doing is
going to help the situation is that
going to bring our dog back in the house
like how did you think saying that was
going to actually help us or you in any
sort of situation we're already shaken
that the dog escaped we're trying to get
him back into the house and we set our
sorry and you're going to tell us that
you don't condone that dog owning
behavior go fuck yourself and also lady
and people like that lady remember when
you say things like that you're exposing
to the world your inner stupidity that
you try so hard to hide every single day
it's just all out in the open you just
stupid all over the place another thing
I'd like to understand better is
Facebook today what is your wife about I
don't know what you're doing or why you
even are around I just get angry every
time I'm on Facebook finally another
thing that I would like to understand
better is CrossFit now before you sign
off because it's another rant against
CrossFit I'm not against all CrossFit I
think some what CrossFit is great a lot
of CrossFit maybe not a lot a good
amount of CrossFit is bringing to light
the amazing sport that weightlifting is
or some people call it Olympic
weightlifting which is what I do a lot
and I love that sport I love
weightlifting and I think CrossFit does
a good job of making that mainstream it
popularizes weightlifting because it
incorporates it into its workouts and I
think that CrossFit has some things that
make great athletes that you know put
you in great condition and teach you the
lifts it can be good and I even follow
multiple CrossFit related accounts on
like Instagram for the videos and the
pictures just because I like seeing a
good weightlifting display and I think
some of CrossFit is good with that said
the thing I'd like to understand better
is why some of the most uneducated fucks
are able to get jobs and licenses to be
CrossFit instructors there are very few
requirements to become low level
CrossFit instructors certified and a lot
of gyms out there are managed and run by
some of the worst coaches or any sort of
expert you want to call them and I mean
I'm no one to judge I've never even
fucking been to these gyms but to let a
video out with your name on it on
YouTube where you're putting people's
lives in fucking blatant danger by the
technique that you're letting them use
on their lips and in their workouts
I'm just curious at why do people even
go to these gyms like have they not
consider
the fact that maybe what they're
learning isn't the right way to do
whatever they're trying to do have they
not looked at a video on YouTube of what
a power clean is supposed to look like
I've seen videos that make me cringe so
hard from certain CrossFit gyms I just
like to understand better how these
people get pointed in positions of being
able to instruct other people on doing
the worst possible form of something
that can put you f you'd risk for injury
and put your video on youtube so
everyone in the entire world can see
what an idiot you are with your name and
your gym on it this is why CrossFit
can't have nice things
alright well I just had a couple of
things I wanted to rant them out and
that's it I don't know if you agree with
me on any of these or you have something
else that you don't get and you'd like
to understand better please let me know
in the comments or on Twitter or
something I put new videos out every
week I'll please subscribe to our
channel I'll see you guys next time
and maybe it will be a happier video and
a less annoyed one but people are so
stupid why do you do this why you are so
stupid but for why are you so stupid
world
