sup I'm in a closet because it's only
place with some peace and fucking quiet
I'm just kidding I just am finishing up
a vlog for this week my vlog has just
some random stuff from throughout the
week just kind of casual shit but next
week
I will actually have a real video I have
come up with a pretty cool idea it's
actually not that cool I just think it's
a funny little skit I'm going to do so
that'll be out next week it's not just
going to be a blog so you guys can have
that to look forward to up for now I
just have this blog subscribe if you
like it and if you want to see cool
video next week like always just any
ideas you have or comments or whatever
just comment or tweet me that's all I'll
see you guys next week okay
hi Karen why your legs shaking tell an
ask you a question
coming come away like 50 pictures
alright so Julian does this like little
clucking noise let's gonna click do it
and I can't do it good mine sounds
really weak it's like shut up but his is
like super good fucking give give a
clucking tutorial he's gotta get the
tongue
you gotta press the tongue up at the top
of your mouth and then suction the air
and then releasing those and then you do
a loud enough it turns into a sneeze
sneeze on you
oh nice that's good you gotta bring the
microphone over here that could help hmm
that was me
I cooked on your face come on there you
go it's always the second one no but
mine's like weaker mines well as good as
it hmm I gotta go
well I've been doing it for years years
but it's not like that it's like no you
were doing like this there you go
there it is yeah but it's not nearly as
oh let's party
party's over
I'm so derpy what what I am mr. what
lady in dog form
you
