so I am caffeinated as I Drive over to
the gym right now I'm gonna work out for
a nice little hour and a half before I
head into work I'm going to shoot a
little more footage today working out so
I can put that on this vlog also when I
get to work I'm going to go through just
kind of what I do at the radio station
because I didn't really explain that
last time and I was talking to Jenna and
she thought you know I was interesting
enough to explain it's pretty cool job I
like a lot so I'll explain that later
when I get into work but for right now I
am just driving over to get my swole on
so I'll see you guys later
this is Nikita she hangs out of the gym
it's lady next to us yeah you rock it
everyone in the tunnel is being bothered
by Gomez glassing Beyonce love on top
giving Sarah more like your car
has no top and you give no no
 its Selena Gomez plus five years -
all the fuck's that Selena Gomez gear if
she has a pet snake what are you gonna
go dude it I'm gonna go kick her pet
snake right in the rabbit right in the
rabbit yeah let me get out of court
something something some things I'm
gonna knock you down do you ever feel
light a little bit and every day zooey
dude look at me Dave you might be girly
boy I'm trying to sleep
do you ever feel like a cur me worm I
just wanna sleep I know care that you
are making me d√©jenos ah that is on
call so like how are you doing
what are you doing I'm an amp right here
right now or at work and I'm gonna just
show you a little bit about what I do so
basically I have this giant sound board
in front of me this controls all the
music that plays on our radio station
amp radio is a top 40 station
in Los Angeles here's the log of all the
songs that are set to play and those are
right there are the cue spots so
basically I put in the song that's cue
to play next and I make sure it plays on
time to leave like a bunch of
regulations we used to go into
commercial breaks
at certain times so there's a lot that
we have to like keep an eye on but yeah
so all of our DJs one of which is Carson
Daly sits in this chair and uses mic
right here to DJ and basically I do
everything except talking to the mic I
do all the things that they do so at the
top of every hour I we have to play a
legal ID which identifies ourselves as
certain radio station and IQ it so I'm
going to show you what that's like right
here so tasty Los Angeles so I just got
a cue that time every hour and just
basically keeping an eye on all the
music and making sure everything plays
right sometimes you have to replace
certain versions of songs with other
versions if there's a little spot before
it or there's just kind of all sorts of
programming that you got to keep an eye
on so that's basically what I do
sometimes I record commercials using
that mic yeah I like I read a spot
record and use it as our commercials
sometimes I have to answer the phone if
we don't have a phone operator and that
is my job I included some workout stuff
in this vlog some general vlogging
Jenna's in some of it I'll see you guys
next week when I put my next video I
hope you guys liked this video
if you did subscribe if you don't
whatever I don't care about you just
kidding I care about you thanks for
watching and I will see you bye bye bye
bye bye bye
yeah yeah yeah
