it's Panem but we say 10:15
but everybody's on flight or time so
usually people show up in five minutes
he might start to work real hard kind of
getting there he's been the conditioner
every day over there yeah you know it's
kind of tough with you know coming back
up a big layoff with some injuries but
now I'm pleased where it's going this
time out of
oh she's just a tough kind of all-around
guy you know if you got it got it work
on it so we're just trying to find an
answer did a lot of things that he has
up there so it's kind of like an
all-around game right now just kind of
taking that approach that you know we're
gonna have to just take taking where we
give these guys you've got good
wrestling it's a tough you know gritty
dirty boxer you know they're so we're
just kind of getting ready for that
never ends in this place
always something new I've done sparring
it now heading to strength conditioning
right afterwards gonna go see Todd over
our velocity I'm not on time because I
just deal with a lot of issues sometimes
we don't want to do this who's that
that's gonna make it better
okay we need our teammate to be like hey
come on get up get on a mat you know
okay we're shopping one another you know
you know you sharpen me when you get on
me you know so so get on each other push
each other say hey you don't matter
try to get the maximum amount
my training is gym and coach a lot of
these athletes
has to be some type of harmony and
cohesiveness on our team so I'm kind of
the glue that keeps the team together I
guess you know
I'm here fries but I love doing it
though
I love kindness having dealing with the
drama but as soon as his dramas over and
we've got a cohesive team but I got to
get my butt kicked by Todd moment I was
tired today
now I'm on this new diet
there's no grains no breads no just
starches none of that stuff so a lot of
my carbs are vegetables some fruits so
that's that's all the cards that I'm
eating right now leaning me out but at
the same time zapping my energy a little
bit I need to get down to down to at
least 200 walking around 200 a weeks
before I fight I had to cut out the old
meal
excuse me energy amazing man I like my
rights dude like my rice you know people
say that's my bread but I says my rice
and soy sauce
avocados
to watch
no time
that's right
we do and
No
that's good
all right
the time solution to stop this does that
so you know my rig spinning
I like these days
now marks to an awesome right now you
know came in real heavy and I was out of
shape and you know dealing with an
injury for quite some time
and now he's
you know progress until we're starting
to hit leaders getting better shape
watch
you know he's starting to get in good
shape and starting to get leaner
starting to get his confidence back but
you know still not where I want him out
at this point so I'm just trying to turn
it up a little bit on him with trying to
tighten up his focus on his nutrition
his diet it could be challenging for him
because he's got to balance all these
different facets of training along with
trying to lose the weight you know marks
a very busy guy I run his own facilities
got four wonderful kids so you know he
doesn't have everything always
accessible to him like a lot of people
do you know they have time to go grab
lunch or do something but you know
Mark's got to go get his kid from school
or drop mop with the spores or something
like that so at the same time regardless
he's got a fight when July 6 he's gotta
get ready we're gonna get him Timbo just
tough and he's he's a really tough
gritty upon it and very strong in the
clench loves of claims loss of limbs big
punches in the clinch and he's just a
type of guy that just never gonna give
up just like is fighting intuition
economy he was fusions into better than
now so he landed uppercut in the clan
gym
match was over so I'm looking to go in
there too
you know one just take advantage of my
speed over him and my never have some
knowledge over a man and maintain top
position and always scrambling you know
it's getting it's getting a lot better
man when I first started out and with
the layoffs and had to sit out for like
six months and come back after that it
was it was tough to get back but now I'm
back and now it's it's go time
