all right so I just got to the Santa
Monica Airport by now it's about 2:30 or
3:00 or something but it's so much more
beautiful when it's like sunset and over
by the water
this sounds like slowly going down you
see these planes just taking off right
into the sunset
oh wow I mean just watching these planes
take off so close it let you like right
on the world but also so if it's windy
out you really see how fuckin difficult
it is here I came here on my bike I walk
right boy
I got here I was over in Santa Monica by
Main Street and I realized that when
you're in your bike especially in place
like Santa Marta you are exposed to like
the prime asshole behaviors of drivers
and I know there's a lot of asshole
bikers out there too and I'm not
discounting that I try to follow the
rules the best I can I don't run stop
talking shit but here's a blank
nice work this is like two types of
assholes there's there's there's like
the asshole driver in Santa Monica who
who just doesn't give a fuck like
they'll just be assholes and if you hit
them you hit them especially if you're a
bike they really don't have much worry
for you they'll just go like I was
pulling out I'm trying to get in this
intersection and there was a bus trying
to pull away from his stop and I was
going like I was going next to him and
he just said like fuck you I'm a bus I
just ran like and he would hit me if I
didn't see him but I don't know it's
weird and then there's the people who
are assholes but they let you know
they're going to be assholes like like
I'm going to cut you off for now but I'm
going to tell you if I cut you off I
mean as long as you let me know that
you're a dick then go ahead dick so I
don't die but I love it on my bike in
Santa Monica I'm very fortunate to be
able to ride around here and come to
this place I mean like I said it's like
a lot more easy on the eyes at sunset
good it is it is very nice nonetheless I
suggest any one of us a chance come on
Santa more Airport they have a viewing
deck there right now it's a great place
kind of nice to get away and if you're
on your bike be careful be careful of
the assholes because they're coming for
you all right
