thank you so much thank you
32.4 ito lost your car for so long that
you're like fucking why am I even gonna
wash it out so filthy and then a couple
months pass here like okay I really need
to finally wash it at that point was so
prefer to wash my car
certain 882 hours per figure what I want
to do for two hours by coppenole if you
go home or around the world feels kind
of nice honey maybe I should eat all
right grab a lift I'm getting picked up
and I think I'm gonna go get some lunch
but it's like a hundred degrees out and
maybe I don't want to walk and then I
think what I'm going to do since it's
like a two-hour wait I'm going to go
home because I have some editing to do I
also have some reading to do I'll
explain what I'm talking about when I
get off what are you doing alright I
made it back home I wanted to show you
what I was talking about when I said I
had to re-edit this is the timeline for
yesterday's vlog okay let me bring you
in a little closer so I just fixed it
exported and sent it off to YouTube
because I think one of our youtube
contacts is actually going to try to
swap the videos which I recently found
out was even possible but let me just
show you what I'm talking about
you guys saw this clip at the bottom
right 559 to 6:00 a.m. but you saw this
clip playing here which wasn't 6:00 a.m.
you saw playing here which also wasn't
6:00 a.m. and you saw playing at the end
which was 6:00 am so it was basically
saying 559 at six am throughout the
whole vlog and let me show you why it
did that
which is just really really frustrating
but I'll show you why in final cut if
you take a title I'm going to bring it
down here let's just title it in correct
time so say I won it's a change from
incorrect time to incorrect time oh one
like I have the time change on the
screen what I would do is I would create
a compound clip so that that is not one
clip that way I can reposition both
titles without having to move both of
them it saves time right I move one clip
and they both move from there to there
instead of having to do individually
exactly lining it up which can be a pain
then what I would do is I would copy
this compound clip so I could use it
again at a later time thinking I could
just go into the compound clip and
change the text so instead of incorrect
time I'm going to say correct time this
is a new clip I added it should be fine
here's the problem now that I edited
this new compound clip to correct time
correct mr1 I go back to the original
one and it changed it to what I just
recently added to so that's what
happened I did all the timestamps and
then at the end they all ended up being
559 to 6:00 a.m. because that was the
last one I edited and it just synched
them all up anyway sorry if you didn't
understand anything I just said but that
was I would say the first blatant
mistake I've made a blog in a very long
time
I'm super proud of that but thank you
guys for letting me know
to lady for Oh are you HOT ha ha now you
say it's 106 degrees out 106 to it you
like it when it's hot though that's your
natural state yeah baby drill good girl
never going to get tired of shooting
this shot
I think in 2013
guys cartoon sounds like contour but
it's car tour I got the baby that's on
the wash it's looking nice haven't seen
this clean in probably a year oh I
called crime in my he's my little shit
post can I call him it tentative am I
going to call him a shit post I think he
likes that man but he is a shit post I
love shit though
oh no imagine Kermit is your dad like
the rock and your family is just to
complete a high ball it looks like it's
going to rain tonight which obviously
sounds kind of shitty because I just
watched my car but I needed to wash up
regardless I got some wax put on it so
the rain wouldn't really mess it up too
bad but the clouds have been kind of
weird as hell today it rained this
morning it's been like 106 all day like
hot as shit these are what the clouds
look like at the moment over here it's
not bad but then when you can across
that way
the storms coming
I think you might start to turn into
something somewhere in the valley you
don't get a lot of clouds I feel with a
ball and I brush is that yours so right
now we are having incredibly boring time
going through all of our expenses ever
every Center dollar waffle is made or
paid we are combing right now because
when you have a business you got to do
this kind of stuff I guess right in the
description below check out Collins Bank
info I'll leave the rice bread in there
there's nothing in there
forgot the money
so we're now in another we know in
another situation we're calling stupid
Android and I say stupid not because I
only enjoyed their stupid because
Collins specifically is stupid died
literally mid phone calls
we're on the phone with someone trying
to get something finalized and got it
dude I got it here we go so Sloan back
in business so we're not back in
business the phone's off so we headed to
the call room to get the phone number of
the person we're talking to could she
was so thrilled about it dude this is
how we do business now Cohen just said
to me this is like Apple in the garage
didn't just die it shut down it wouldn't
it would not like to charge singer but I
quit altogether finally internet wars
the vintage hat dude and his vent is
your guy you check out my finger look
closer you can see my vibe Colin as a
hip swing player announced right now you
don't play player in those you just
you're more
the word drop on put the EM Florida and
for was a really good gun Colin is
playing and as much as I want to sit
here and shit on him he got a kill in
his first game he's actually getting the
hang of it pretty fast which I hope he
gets addicted so we can play together at
some point dude what are you what are
you it looks like Dean's heart but it's
not one good picture I just looked at
we're watching twitch now I just looked
at see this Hey hmm I think he's as
bored out of his mind by the shit we had
to do today as we are think he's like oh
cuz here expenses no cold cool it's like
only adult baby but he feels
uncomfortably large in my arms though
baby
I suppose one might ask what exactly is
going on here
but one might also not ask that anyway
taking a little bit of a gaming break
because Jenna got a nice package from
zoella zoella knows that exist man so
Alison Jenna a nice package what is this
her her beauty line it looks really nice
like the packaging good color
so she send it to me and the first thing
that I saw was this perfectly hamster
sized lawn chair and I was like I have
to take a picture with him in it so we
waited till you woke up I made a little
backdrop for him this is a job someone
sent us for the dog now what's going to
happen is we are going to do a mini
photo shoot with ad in front of this
whole display oh my god oh my god we got
this shot I got I got it I got it okay I
hear that someone's being naughty now
peach carmit did you take chips that
were not yours did you take the chips
huh
Tia's burped
Kermit fucking naughty
you naughty all yes all these odd
