all right so I'm Julian I'm on my bike
for a while been wanting to give this
vlog thing and try feel like I have a
lot to say um look at Hillis when i came
out from that hill it's like a beautiful
day right now in Santa Monica I'm with
my little big red bike and I just
thought I'd share the view I just hiked
a bit giant Hill and now I know I take
the subway I don't know if I'm filming
this clear I take the subway with my
bike from school to come here
Santa mark is that's where I work no
I'll be on the subway with like I am
right now with my helmet sunglasses I'll
be on my phone on my ear at my earphones
in everything that says don't talk to me
it somehow works the opposite way I
don't I don't have a way of explaining
it people just think that all that stuff
instead of mean don't talk to me means
come up and speak at my face when I'm
trying just to sit there I don't know
how many you take the subway or anything
like that but it's really weird people
have trouble reading silent anyway I'm
headed over to one my favorite spots in
Santa Monica I didn't want to get world
update when I get over there all right
