hey I'm in a car right now making this
video I haven't been on here in a little
while really just trying to figure out
kind of my groove and what's going on
with my channel but I'm gonna have more
videos up I'm going to start doing more
and more I just wanted to make this
video because back in December on
December 24th or so I made a video with
my idea to make a co-ed season of The
Ultimate Fighter and given that two
nights ago Dana White made that exact
announcement I thought I'd just come
back here share a few thoughts and also
repost the video that I had up before
because of the videos down now so you
know I think it's really awesome that
Dana White is finally bringing the women
into the Ultimate Fighter house with the
men I talked about how that creates so
many opportunities for just amazing TV
and hilarity all kinds of craziness just
a different angle to the Ultimate
Fighter house so I'm really really
excited to see where that goes
I hope Miesha Tate wins that fight so
she can be in the house with Rousey you
know there's not much else to be said
it's it's really kind of an awesome
thing that he's really came in with the
women I think a lot of it has to do with
Ronda Rousey which is what it is you
know she's she's playing her part she's
solving a lot of the UFC's problems in
my opinion so uh you know I'm just going
to let you guys watch from four months
ago when I posted that video back in
December right around Christmas my idea
for the Ultimate Fighter co-ed just so
you could check it out it's kind of cool
to watch me talk about it way before it
was even an idea for Dana White so I
will be back here thank you guys
everyone for watching I appreciate it
I'll be back with more videos I promise
all right bye
this Saturday we got UFC 155 km blasquez
vs. JDS round 2 literally the second
round I'm also going to reiterate more
about what I was talking about about
having a co-ed season of tough with the
women and the men and why don't we start
with that I mentioned that a few weeks
ago that there should be an Ultimate
Fighter with men fighters and female
fighters there's been a lot of talk
recently just a female version of The
Ultimate Fighter and wow that's a good
idea I think it's really important to
just get the idea out there and so Dana
White can hear it that you put men and
women together in the house and you have
each team has men and women on Team
Rousey male and female fighters team
take male and female fighters you have a
whole new dynamic in the house really
brings the show back to its roots back
in the Ultimate Fighter days of season 1
season 2 season 3 people got to know
these fighters as people
they saw the drama picked out who they
liked and why not about how they thought
you know what they were about and how
they conducted themselves in different
situations there's going to be just a
plethora of different situations and
different drama going on in the house
with men and women imagine the dynamic
when the male fighters the guys on Team
Rousey would defend Ronda Rousey to the
other guys or the other girls on Team
Miesha Tate or whatever on the other
team would like that that different
dynamic like you saw how the guys
reacted a season ago when Rousey came
into the house for just one episode and
she came into the house and it was like
oh my gosh like there's a girl there's
so much there and Dana White is now
saying that Ronda Rousey could coach an
Ultimate Fighter seize my goal is just
to have Dana White recognized that the
Ultimate Fighter could be co-ed this
next season Dana would have to do less
digging for female fighters and less
digging for drama throughout the season
everything would be there if Miesha Tate
is up for another Rousey fight put her
eyes altima fighter coach with Rousey
make the team's co-ed and see what
happens
like seriously what's the worst that can
happen the Ultimate Fighter is already
at an all-time low do it
yeah there's no much to gain from trying
an Ultimate Fighter couette just do it
