hello so it is the eve of stream 24 it
is the eve of my twenty four hour long
twitch stream it is currently at it that
died I don't know what time this you
guys have the time 1827 6:27 p.m. I'm
going to be taking a benadryl to go to
sleep in like a couple hours because I
wake up at 6 a.m. and begin the day long
stream I only made 2 vlogs lastly
because I've been sending so much time
preparing for this stream so I figured I
would make a vlog about the stream so
you can see it next week when everything
is done I want to show you this setup
though it's a little bit insane so this
is just a general look and where I'm
gonna be doing the stream for 24 hours
there's my see there's the guest number
one seed there's guest number to see
guest number three seat and then there's
the dog seat I've spent the last four
days putting together all the different
components that are going to go into
this stream both with the software OBS
all the scenes all the components of the
scenes all the little pictures graphics
everything and as well as the physical
so as you can see I'm sitting on a couch
but I taped this whole thing green so
that we can have that not show up and
guests can sit here without impeding the
screen space what I want to do is I want
to show you what the screen is going to
look like by streaming for you in the
vlog so so I'm all the way back here can
you see me
I'm eating lunch this is where I'm going
to be when I eat lunch this is where
I'll be when I'm gaming so as you can
see I didn't physically move I just have
different scenes so one is my lunch
table
one is dr. Phil one is the map where
we're going to try to get a chicken
dinner at dropping at every location on
the map but you get the idea this is the
main setup for the stream to my right is
the 24-hour counter that's going to
count down the hours and minutes I have
left in the stream and then of course we
have the wonderful me undies on screen
because they have stepped up and decided
to be the sponsor for this 24 hour
stream so huge shout out in the Indies
basically right behind me is where the
games going to be and this is where 90%
of the students going to have it me
gaming with me right here if I'm gaming
and there's a guest with me
I have this scene where I move over and
that's where you guys are all right so
there's a person here and then there
could be a person back here
I installed a dog cam as you can see I
have dog cam over there which is
basically set up with peaches little bed
peach day being a good girl you staying
and we know if you can see it there's a
tiny little sideways webcam that we put
over there strapped onto the light so we
got a dog camp I'm going to be really
trying to get to sleep kind of early
because I've to wake up at 5:00 a.m. get
going the screen starts at 6:00 and what
I'm going to do is I'm going to have
Jenna help me vlog bits of tomorrow
you'll see me get progressively more and
more exhausted and a little crazy that's
fun that's kind of what we're here for
so 24 hour stream starts in just under
12 hours as of right now all right Jason
shut up he's keeping me through it we're
about halfway through I'm just starting
to get a little bit tired a little bit
I'm good though we powered through the
first one we have 30 minutes 20 minutes
till we're halfway through 12 hours done
so the first bit was was good I feel
like the next day it's gonna be a lot
more a lot more fun we were on the
front page of twitch for like the first
four hours in this track and I keep on
keeping on still pretty sane taking
bathroom breaks right now we're on BRP
screen there we go
the Chad's been doing all day 13 14 23
what 14 hours 23 minutes - jeff has
arrived here oh okay okay okay I'll
take this I'll take it oh oh
oh guys you wanna be in the vlog
huh
sighs all you guys is going on the vlog
we are at our 14 and a half almost
that's me I survived it we're doing okay
rather little protein bar break Jason's
over here having a little protein bar my
protein bars that I don't know what I'm
flying still outside
okay okay whatever yeah 20 almost 20 to
18 was the breaking point for me yeah
yeah jess is here chef Stan
Sandra vmk a chef I gotta get out of
here these dreams where people get too
upset Hey yeah he's always tired and oh
I'm in sweet crib is not basil its 556
am i sat down here at 5:30 a.m.
what what what are ya how you feel
Julian I don't I just don't feel like a
human you mean like I'm just so that
this was amazing though I loved it and I
was cruising all the way to like 10:00
p.m. that's when I was like good guy
crashed crashed and we did it all right
yeah yes yeah yeah
my love my boys thank you guys
we're gonna go sleep for five days
forever love you guys have a great
whatever ah hi Yallah trying to get some
pubs you know that's a wrap
we did it 24 hours straight
