it's really cool looking at all right
now
this guy is like cotton candy and I am
finally not sick the last time I spoke
with you I was anticipating a sickness
coming on and then I think three days
pass I've just pure sickness I was like
super sick ah but now I'm probably
getting better I like didn't have a
voice yesterday I had the day before I
was like I couldn't talk I had like this
terrible sore throat coughing all the
time so I just rested that's why I
haven't talked to you but now I'm back
feeling much better
but I just wanted to come outside do
sometimes you go outside for a goddamn
second and then feel like a human and
then you're like okay let's go back
inside
but the sky does look really rad right
now you don't come in this room ever
this is like our guest room and we don't
have guests yes found too thick this is
not for you this is tooth pick he's my
friend
not not yours you have a hundred and
seventy toys in this house this one is
mine do not hide toothpick as you can
see of this is actually like not
indicative at all of what I've done
because I really have hung up like all
my jackets I've seen you do that laundry
in this laundry but it's a lot cleaner
than it looks right peach and then in
here we have the program pregame pass
super bowl pin I got every day since
I've been back we've been cooking your
own food and we've been eating
incredibly healthy so I feel good cuz
like when when I travel a lot and
sometimes like you just you don't eat
that well so it came home and Jenna and
myself like we've been cooking really
well
and so now it's Sunday which means
tomorrow's Monday and yesterday Saturday
but more importantly Sunday I don't feel
that guilty about eating shitty food
later we might actually make some banana
bread which we haven't made in forever
but we've been talking about it
and we were like okay I think it's about
time we made it a nice absolutely sexual
loaf of banana bread Mir sous-chef okay
what do you need from your sous-chef
wait can I ask that you spell sous chef
su e like Susan just Susan chef but I'm
Susan chef
that's what sous chef stands for is
Susan because the first sous chef ever
her name was Susan and that's how the
name happened ask Gordon Ramsay I'll
tell you Hotel yeah oh this is what this
is lemon zest from last night last night
was pretty wild
there's some leftover lemon zest was the
Saturday I mean we the lemons not gonna
goddamn zest if you know what I
mean men move throw these out go men
used to liniment okay so for this recipe
you need banana bread whole you not
helpful stop it
what can I do that to help my name is
Susan okay then what
Baker broil snack on some of these
chocolate chips was that was a helpful
mega jokes ladies oh I can do it I'm
just gonna keep you here early today so
first sushi first sous-chef ever her
name was Susan and she really likes
cooking but every time she tried to cook
she burns something and no one knew why
because she was using normal
temperatures and following recipes and
home on but anytime she was alone it was
just it was burn City for Susan she was
bad and she wanted to quit and find a
new hobby until her friend came over one
time it was like why don't I cook can
you help me and so her friend came over
and her friend was just an absolute
beast in the kitchen
her friend's name was Gordon by the way
so Gordon was just cooking and cooking
and she and Gordon was like one was a
girl she was like hey Susan can you
mommy cut these onions because I need to
do something else that's like more
important so Susan was sure and she was
like you could be my sous chef and she
was like I think we know each other
pretty well by now you can call me sue
so that's how the term sous chef
happened how much butter do you want in
this that should be a podcast where we
just give history of different terms
okay just gonna whoop your ass anytime I
forget what country were in I just look
at my own okay we just combine the wet
with the dry and next we're gonna add my
favorite part the mega chunks I can't
see your like directly in my life
I think the camera's battery is dead
so I'm just going to vlog until it turns
off um I have been getting myself back
into the swing of things
it is Monday and I'm productive we are
gonna stream soon on Twitch but what I'm
doing now is I'm actually getting ready
this intro video for twitch that is
gonna play before the stream starts
let's check and see if the cameras still
on so I'm gonna finish editing this
intro video I go I got to show you
something though what the hell is this I
was looking for some chords so I went
into this more
no there's nothing else in that drawer
it's just glue wait can you explain it
again better for the vlog because I was
very short and confusing okay what who's
Winston we went to high school together
Winston was on on TV and I was like oh
my god that's what's in I went to high
school with Winston and he plays the bad
guy Baku I think his name is in black
and I haven't seen it he used to laugh
at me would ya it's just so cool like
somebody with the high school is there
in the movie like a really cool movie
they'll be doing go see the movie with
me in theaters yeah I'm gonna go with
them yeah we got to go see a movie in
theaters this is so exciting tonight on
stream tansy called me and Anthony
Padilla cosplay and I'm still thinking
about it now I'm by the fire continuing
to get roasted it's a compliment all
know what you're talking about how you
smell that's all folks
you
