I don't know what this means
this notice has been going off all day
it says upstairs smoke low back low
battery upstairs smoke I just figure out
I thought it's an upstairs smoke was in
like the smoke up sighs man I've looked
and there wasn't any smoke anyway turns
out the whole time I just needed switch
batteries think it might be time for the
beard to go guys getting to be quite a
lot it would do well for too long with
beards I just don't I just realized I
forgot I took planner this morning
do you guys have asthma ever liked to
play with your inhaler but forget if you
take it and then you go back to the
later you're like I'm shit I'm going to
take it whole lot of you guys have been
asking in the comments since yesterday's
vlog how this little lady doing and the
answer is as you can tell she's feeling
a lot better
gave her some rice last night seemed to
work and she seems to be back to herself
at least right now which is amazing best
news ever
anyway I'm gonna grab some coffee in
effect and then we are off to our
workout together and then right after
our workout we're going to be heading
over to the doctor's office for me
because I am the sick one I need healing
so giving the doctor's office I actually
don't really even need to go to doctors
office it's just the fucking health care
system and I can't just go get an MRI by
myself I have to get referred and looked
at and this and that my physical
therapist that I go to for all our
injuries has worked with me long enough
to know that like gifs opinion is still
persisting like it is and there is no
broken bones it has to be tissue it has
to be muscle it has to be joint
something that an MRI will be able to
show that an x-ray can't so today's the
first step in that process going to go
right after our workout actually it's
going to be kind of a tight squeeze
we're leaving our workout at 3 and the
doctor forms at 3:15 so we're going to
try to drive across town and make it
they just took my temperature by rubbing
something on my forehead is crazy
instead of sticking it a thermometer in
his butt so method doctors are now
hopefully going to get my referral
pretty quickly you lead probe EMRI my
shoulders until then just in here we
just came from our workouts I'm all
sweaty like dirtying up this bench right
now we're hungry
really I'm good
stuck between food and not food food
here
yeah they move the rooms now we're in a
bigger room yep apartment apartment or
this living room
that's our living room scale for anytime
you want to just weigh yourself on our
living room except the exit and answer
that's the bedroom living room bedroom
pretty much exactly what I thought was
going to happen
I saw the physician's assistant they
checked the out or the D MRI and then
says when they get the result they might
have to refer me to an ortho which is
wicked specialist it all just sounds so
much fun but now is lunch so at least we
have some good going on right are we
found to the grocery store for like two
things and now turn into like an
impromptu shopping trip because we have
like no foods the house and I'm also
realizing that I need a good snack for
stream 24 coming out so I'm going to be
sitting in streaming fitori brownies a
snacking it ships
if I saw my limits we always get the
little hand thing the basket and you
always need a cart you never learn from
our mistake ever
got all this Holly for you
it's run a dildo it's a game
supermassive sex toys calm its adult
party game was really tracking a massive
building whole game with the boys
Lindsay the girl who made the Wasco she
made a frozen one above anything else at
least it looks good because you guys
can't need it anyway play it like ya
fuckin love the Internet
