happy cloudy morning I think this is the
first time I've seen clouds in LA I am
like unleashed a month I'm still dressed
in my workout attire because I have
returned home we worked out I got home
and I haven't moved my body wasn't ready
for it today just rather not change
clothes right now I feel gross and I
smell gross but sometimes just kind of
like literally do nothing after workout
to like be alive
rebirthing she burps more than any dog
I've ever met anyway our week hasn't
started we're getting getting going on
all the things that are going to happen
this week the main thing that's going to
happen this week which I haven't even
told you yet is the 24 hour twitch
stream which is happening on Friday 6
a.m. Pacific for 24 straight hours 24
hours I'm going to be streaming in a row
and it's going to be fun
as you guys know twitch has been a huge
thing for us lately and we've been
loving it so I have a couple cool things
planned already for the 24-hour stream
to make it extra fun extra cool extra
exciting but I also have a lot more than
I need to get finished by Friday with 24
hours in a row obviously you have to
account for a lot of things that you
normally wouldn't with streams stats are
very exceeding exhaustion eating more
bathroom breaks people who want to come
by I have 3 confirmed people who want to
stop by so we're going to schedule them
in so they don't you know all come at
the same time we have blocks but that is
this week's event so I have a lot to get
done before Friday tomorrow I'm actually
going to the doctor's office to get seen
about my shoulders the next step for me
is getting an MRI
I have not gotten an MRI I don't
actually know what exactly is going on
my shoulder is hopefully the MRI will
give me the answers to that but first
active obviously see the doctor and get
recommended I think next for me is
showering unfortunately they don't make
showers but you don't have to do
anything that would be nice right you
just like signature you get showered and
dried off and off to do anything why am
I like this why am I so lazy hair is
this peach are you shedding is she
shedding
that's so funny I thought peaches peachy
it didn't shed I've never seen her shed
this is crazy
why are you shedding cool-cool
you
all right the recipe is underway for
dinner
making our famous changes come pow I
didn't mention this because it was over
the weekend I wasn't vlogging this
weekend but we had two pretty big power
outages our power dropped out twice
Saturday night for a solid like 15-20
minutes I was luckily but not luckily
because I prepared
I had lights and everything ready to go
it just happened in a really
inconvenient time because I was playing
some clubs with Jason and actually we
were in the top ten one game and the
power just dropped out completely but do
you like the whole house went dark so
all our appliances in the kitchen and
everywhere else are currently you know
like reset but yet had another power
outage I think it was due to possibly
the heat I don't know I'm not a DWP got
kind of like fish and chips honestly a
little parrot
if you're ever making batter to like
deep fried something for an Asian dish
try adding maybe a little vodka in
addition to the water or whatever else
you have to add because for me that's
like the game changer in this meal and
look I didn't make it tornado I kind of
just read cleaned up as I went which is
a new concept for me
stream is over about five hours pre-sold
stream tonight because a couple chicken
dinners who's fun but unfortunately
peach isn't feeling well and this is
like my lease everything in the world
because as you guys know normal peach is
just a bundle of happiness and love so
when she's not feeling well it's very
noticeable there's a big void of her
usual energy in the house so I think she
has like a bellyache I need you to feel
better thank them and they'll baby it's
pretty late gonna try to vlog in well
get to bed kid this will grow a lot of
hugs though I like breaks my heart when
she's not feeling like I don't know what
to say she'll probably sleep it off and
children all day you guys made a little
bit of rice to beat 2dg here to settle
our stomach because it's a good nice
easy to digest food for dogs especially
when they're having a nested stomach so
imma let this cool and then give her
some of this so see if she eats it she's
always got an appetite so I don't think
she'll have any problem eating this even
as she's not feeling great
teach
holder that chill where is my Hungry
Girl a capitulation
