literally bedbug list that's not new I
just arrived back like five months in
time I'm back in physical therapy as of
today last night I had planned to wake
up and go to jujitsu as normal but I
started to feel like burning in my
shoulders not just like pain but like a
deep burning just like a more intense
pain and I've been dealing with I know
how sick you guys are probably is me
talking about this but I've been sort of
just like hoping my shoulders would get
better car accident in jujitsu shoulder
and it hasn't the injury has just kind
of stayed exactly the same some days
worse some days better with a shoulder
injury you just you can't sleep well at
night you can't sleep on your side so
you can only sleep on your back or on
your stomach which is tough sometimes
anyway I'm back in physical therapy
because I really want to get something
healthy travel really aggravates it so
this last trip was was a bitch and I
don't want to be here like I really hate
hate coming here because I don't really
like to I don't know classify myself as
injured like I just walked over to the
car and then turn around I think he
didn't he's take of me whining about my
shoulder
I am so sorry
here's me sir where did I just catch you
trying to go oh I caught you any good
I just I literally we're working for
working together at the table together
and I'm sitting here and I'm looking at
my computer I'll show you my view about
you right there I see a little black
movement and it's marble trying to enter
the podcast room you have no business in
there so you have no stream schedule for
today oh so cute
yeah you think it's especially cute
lately no I think you've got no business
in there
yoky god no I don't think you were gonna
I don't think he was into an accident or
anything I think he was just trying to
get in there but Dworsky garden is open
like you good about going after no yeah
Marvel gonna love aspiration adventure
it's like a little nauseous going really
you don't really have the authorization
to just enter a room so funny why is he
so funny yeah give him to me oh I got
him be polite
did did you have any plans when you were
going to get in there what were you
going to do
making a stream when you play 5g rubbing
a podcast why were you walking into the
podcast room alone
sounds fine yeah yeah it's weird so
weird
Jenna's writing her show for Sirius XM
we're watching this video we're talking
about how weird it is when videos are
exported in 60 frames because
everything's like hyper movement kind of
you can't see on the block of this
project in 24 but somebody somebody done
did her dirty have this beautiful
location beautiful yeah did you guys
yeah and you guys pay attention to like
what quality that it is when you watch
them on YouTube sometimes you'll see it
says like 1080 60 P that's what that is
and it looks my opinion doesn't look
right
it looks like a soap opera so music
videos know know what's now real nice
looks like that's what we love looks
like looks like this
she's being so they'll grow heated right
side I'll grow so sweet almonds we
already living with someone over here
but it's like so rude to me earlier
yeah reboot to mommy are you blue about
go decide now Oh Larry hi Hulk wanna to
me to get all of us need to sell it no
one in the comments no one that I've
seen has mentioned this except for me
but one of Julia's pet people and mine
is when there's like a terrible voice
over like yeah god-awful yes and no one
is talking about how bad this is but it
is so bad there's a line that it up let
way no they had a job Wayne okay but
like it's just in the beginning of this
video for I'm the one do me the biggest
favor not that to yourself the biggest
favor that just have even though that's
way no it and let Craven oh hey it
honestly sounds like a different person
let's Wayne no forget for one another
like it
you or something like in every there's
like background noise in the Wayne yet
like he didn't he didn't send in the
audio like didn't record it like they
just took it from tomorrow or they just
took the word Wayne said in some random
interview by someone else thingies keep
trading off with this little ball and we
gave them thank you
and one of them will drop it and the
other will pick it up and it's just
going back and forth for like a number
of days now yell and ask it's both grow
peaches and the most sweet little velcro
today and I have just finished a name
class in the trip spot it is done Oh put
my eyes are all red because I'm staring
at a screen for so long like strain my
eyes asleep Chen is so close to level
six hundred and those are stalls and
then the game bugged out on her they're
like locks are in a party with people
who have logged offline so she can't
group with other people
hashtag get China to 600 anyway Jason's
gonna come over to Ben I think we're
going to do some pub G and Gaiman and
shooting the shit and drinkin
oh my god yeah and so you didn't see her
last night we were playing with him and
you know I'm just going to link the
YouTube video in the description
we were playing Sasquatch games on pub G
which is basically like Jason Mela but
it's basically you can't loot or harm
other people you just have to survive
like in your underwear naked so we
crawled around naked for the whole
entire game and then the craziest most
hilarious thing in the entire world
happen and it's all on a video like cuz
he was streaming if you want to die
laughing you should check it out Jenna's
like scream laughing it was rude yeah it
was very reminiscent of that laugh yeah
that's true
it's really true obviously I'm really
excited about this episode I'm excited
for you guys to see I'm excited see the
reaction what I'm going to do since
these pins drop today for you at noon
I'm going to give two of these away
to two of you guys who share last minute
trip sevens and five so just tweet me if
you share it on your Facebook or B shirt
on your Twitter or if you retweet my pin
tweet or waffle essentially or whatever
if you share the video episode fives
when it drops at noon today you can be
in the running to win a napkin
damn it was great at it it was
ending this episode was a process that
felt like it kind of got its voice as I
went through the edit normally to kind
of have an idea of what you want for an
episode when you start editing it but
this one really kind of it changed as I
was putting it together which is a
really cool process and I'm fucking
happy with it there's nothing else to
say I've just spent a lot of hours in
front of this screen this week and I
couldn't be happier about it
