back in my desk feels good to be back
home it's also not incredibly hot today
so we can be outside I've been spending
my morning watching the showdown between
doctor disrespect and the gameplay
unknowns play out because that was
really interesting and funny and
hilarious and wild but that was
gibberish to you I'm sorry write it off
to a workout soon I got some great sleep
last minute I think it was because I had
all my family back with me I really
can't believe I was in West Virginia
yesterday we've had a little bit insane
to me but I'm looking forward to an
awesome episode I you know obviously the
last vlog was like a good little look at
what our trip had going on and kind of a
peek inside of the travels but just
speaking purely out of like reflection
it was an awesome trip and we got to see
some awesome things and I did notice I
did notice in the vlog today I saw
comment actually probably like 10
comments with threads on all of them
let's sit in their spot hear about us
just agreeing to go to the top of an
abandoned coal mine with a stranger and
the truth is it was probably a bad
decision
uh Kyle turned out to be a really nice
guy harmless and helped us out and
everything was great but yeah looking
back and also in the moment but looking
back someone came up to us and said hey
you know I follow you guys we kind of
initiated that we were like what you
know like what should we look for what
should we go see what's around here in
Madison and he responded by saying you
know there's some coal mines that I
could show you if you want so we get in
the car we start following him and on
the drive up we're driving out into like
the middle of nowhere like actually the
middle Noah and we're like wait a minute
is he a murderess we we just start
having like a conversation like is this
like the maybe the single dumbest
mistake we've ever made because drive
into these woods you know these
backwoods like away from town it was
broad daylight but still we like sort of
realized like this could be really
sketched and I pride myself on being a
pretty good judge of character we got a
great vibe with him why don't we just
like keep our guard up really be on our
toes just go see this so we go up to the
top and when you see the coal mine
everything went great he was awesome we
talked about twitch and pub G for a
while and obviously shouts out the crowd
for being just a rad awesome human
beings but yeah yeah probably not the
safest decision I've ever made and
reading your comments it was funny
because we did actually have that
conversation we thought about it but
or that all happened so we're alive we
made it and we have to be some dope-ass
fucking scenery in an abandoned chute of
coal on top of a hill in West Virginia
which sometimes you just kind of make
crazy decisions see shit like that you
know I mean this boy right here
this is propane back to dog
this is propane now I got this the other
day because in the summer we like to go
outside at 92 by this a little table
with a fire so I'm going to install that
later so that maybe tonight we can sit
by the fire for some relaxing summer
vibes just fucking chill vibe Colin and
I kind of have I guess you could say
like sort of a mantra or saying each
episode and this episode it was just
five I don't know where everything I
said he just responded with telling me
how much vibes it was so I be like dude
like you know what time you want to go
shoot here or whatever and he be like oh
it's my party central it's all good so
he just started saying that to each
other the whole trip excuse me Regis
living with you can't miss that's not
long are you mad cause I ain't bringing
home a present it's not your cousin
it's not more I have some pretty sweet
gifts from you guys from West Virginia
when you guys got me and Colin shirt off
of letter the mouth so if you guys come
greet us on these trips thank you for
doing that so cool oh yeah oh my god I
didn't even see this till right now to
take me home and has a West Virginia
shape awesome little fan too we also met
a girl who was on v16
has an on-air DJ and that's a West
Virginia radio station I believe come on
stop sir bug of man and she basically
was like yellow like if it wasn't some
day like we'd have you on air on our
radio station for an interview you come
in and Colin and I were thinking about
it and we really want to start doing
more of that like both when we're on
trips
shooting and whatnot and we're in
location to visit local radio stations
local news stations if they'll have us
and talk to them about what we're doing
but also in between episodes like right
now for instance if we were to be able
to go to a radio station or news station
around LA area you know talk about the
show I think that we really
fucking rad after this workout in just a
few minutes and then I'm going to stream
it's going to be the first time in
almost a whole week that i've streamed
which is a long time for me lately so
I'm excited for it I'm ready to get back
back on on the game and have some fun
but the streaming will happen after I do
some editing I'm going to start the hell
mt5 edit tonight
Wow huh I think it's gotten hot enough
in the valley to where everyone's just
acting like a fucking insane
motherfucker like this guy's just in the
street behind us do you see I go just
like walking in the street and they're
getting fucking back oh my god
Ventura that like he was just jaywalking
across the busiest streets of alley the
car almost hit him and he like started
flipping los ago it's off as if he
wasn't jaywalking the worst part was
that he was throwing a fit while he was
still in the street like in their cars
coming on actively looking but he was
like a regular ass looking person to
just like weak out of his mind and then
we saw what do we see that like i'm so
triggered right now like this is the
most triggering car right in the valley
like we've been here for a few years now
but in the valley in the summer the real
coups come out like it gets to be real
crazy because it's like so hot that no
one people think fuck it people say fuck
it like they have no choice but to
succeed their most I've never been more
angry I like a panhandler like I'm not
mad at panhandlers who do what you have
to do I know it's like homelessness and
all that it's such a complicated subject
for so many reasons but this girl I saw
her holding a sign she was like a young
girl like my age or younger and she had
like pigtails like regular clothes on
she's probably making a fucking youtube
video to be honest she was standing
there and had a sign that just said food
on it and I'm like all the girls hungry
like if I had food I'd probably give her
some food and then we passed by her and
I look back and she's holding a fucking
no parking sign that she ripped off of
the street somewhere and reload on the
other side of it like oh my god like if
you're gonna if you're gonna ask people
for stuff on the street like find a
piece of cardboard in the garbage
somewhere watch you rip it off of the
street somewhere I'm so mad I'm so mad
I'm so I want to go back there and be
like that you put that back what is bad
she then lost her mind guys there are
some panhandlers that make better
livings and most people like they have
operations set up to where they ask for
food and money and different spots all
calculated throughout cities that will
literally make a killing
people documentaries about that said
it's crazy someone turn off with a B
because jenna is trigger holds your hand
by saying fuck they pull my hand you're
walking to the dollars for AHA baby jail
that game look like you'll be protected
that there is better pounds okay great
the only real difference between a
European chairman of Sanatana or King
sham is side European shams are square
whereas standard and Kings are
rectangular I'm doing some bedding
shopping are betting as you guys know
absolutely destroyed so we're getting a
new set of sheets duvet cover and oh man
look at this and I got a couple pillows
too for how many pillows yeah right now
we have three pillows
well one's actually my closet without
his pillowcase because I watch the
pillowcase I'm left with of my closet
why would you just watch the pancakes
without watching the whole center sheet
I know it was it was washed with the set
of sheets
I just never I'm sorry did you see
someone tweeted Julian free this Jenna
I'm afraid
but is it micro modal to display great
speaking of micro model Mars isn't
something okay
hi my little Sun Hat is out of his good
food you need to pick up some more of
his preferred nutrition could he love oh
my god no this is not where the hands
are it is a beautiful sign Lisa I know
his name is Batman but we have to go
okay we got to go
we'll get addicted just remember though
that cat pee like actually ruins
furniture and like your house before and
also as I'm playing that I can't change
kitty litter you have to do the thing
called pocket apply both of the parasite
very positive effect so the entire time
then you have to change
about to celebrate having our first kid
once they're born we got a cash oh my
god it was kind of dark in there there's
somebody 10:26 coffee tour is outside
hey guys that's on Mike that's the
inside I'm getting a coffee tour yeah I
can't just show the outside of the
coffee and you just show the inside this
draws the top side bottom subscribe I
said I'm gonna stay in my photo it's
actually so cute though oh I had red
hair I was 2 years ago
didn't go away for second video
first walking grouping different just
think you should know that when you make
that face
it does make you look a little dead
remand are cool my are made me she made
a hole in Florida Bay for blowing us a
little delicious
I thought you little pick me up while
you're working smells so good
that's cuz he gave him a chinchilla dog
dog he smells like he's wearing like
Cologne glands are I know he's a long
tough we got scared one time it was like
pretty dark right there and I'm like oh
my god something's happened to him and
then we googled it another consent to in
this is the best work break pick-me-up I
could have ever asked how beautiful you
want our baby we didn't know how much we
needed you until you're here six hours
right
I think I might call soon for a night
well you LMT fans it's at 14 minutes so
far so are you excited to see it add
sometimes you just need your hamster to
help lift your spirits is it you just a
couple that
