you know what get here coordinates
Michelle I'll be help you hi Michelle
we're desperately trying to find a hotel
room for the night you have anything
available all right well thank you
anyway
thank you I called it my name - uh-huh -
it up ah whoa
because you get a book club okay
ah I'm really getting actually in a lot
right now we stopped the highway supply
the beat and I'm realizing that flying a
drone in an area with bugs is the worst
thing ever because when you're telling
it a shot you have to sail it completely
steady and they're just like eating me
everywhere WOM oh this is rough all
right I'll show
I'll show them this is what you do this
is what in your standing you just have
it go like this see so this time we have
been brought all the way out to Ohio for
now the drug brought us here we're at
Edina gardens in Ohio it's just like
pull off off the main highway with
Gardens and beautiful clouds and peace
except for that generator that's not
peaceful
Colin and I are filming of survival
asana trips and we are on our way to a
place called Madison West Virginia
easily confused with like 50 other
different Madison's it's like two hours
away from us right now and we still
don't know where we're staying and that
whole thing but it is July in Ohio so we
are getting bit pretty good by it
mosquitoes and but our next step is
figuring out where we're going to stay
because there's like five options for
Madison West Virginia there's like a few
cabins and then a hotel with two out of
five stars so will likely choose a cabin
but here we are this is
called in the bathroom naughty little
goofball he's rolling around the dirt Oh
cute hold your hand out right thanks to
me doing some pizza
you're cute I like you bye guys have a
good day I got a I got brought my own
potato gloves BYO peih-gee bring your
own potatoes so we finally got to
Madison and we arrived and met a whole
bunch of things including this one right
here actually she was one of the how
many like 20 people that showed up that
was it was rad it was like a big party
outside to make the home I met a whole
buncha guys in there hi Colin oh my god
what did I just he look at his elbow he
literally just hit his elbow oh there's
a bump don't fall oh oh alright we
decided were camping tonight and that
means we literally went to a outdoor
store got a bunch of including a
tent and other we came to Madison and
said hi to peace and kind of just like
you know touch the sign going camping we
have about an hour till sundown got to
build the tent set up camp literally
I've done this in like 10 years I'm very
curious to see how well we can actually
build this test I don't think you can
oh man I don't even know
where's happening this is so hard oh my
god I'm gonna honestly jump in that
Creek Becker is so sweaty and muggy I
think that's good tent or there's one
cot the other car no our goal was to get
this tent set up before sundown so I
think we did that we almost just got
murdered by what was it that was the
Mothman
I mean I've never heard of the Mothman
because attacking dude he was
like this big and he he like went away
for ten minutes then he shot up a
calling shoot this time alright so we
made it to Madison here we are another
very small town basically a walkable
town we we just drove right through the
whole thing off to kind of see what it
all had there's train tracks running
through the town which I'm not sure if
they're active or not but they look real
cool and kind of old so the plan is
today the plan is to go through Madison
spend some time here learn a little bit
about the place and shoot and then
potentially go down like an hour and a
half south for sunset to these
waterfalls so we are stopping to lunch
now and Madison is late called haciendas
everyone recommended it to us so so far
authorities chips are
there I mean usually made a friend a guy
in Kyle who lived here and lived here
all his life basically just came up to
us on his motorcycle and he wants to
show us an old coal mine later his dumb
Madison is very well known for their
coal in fact the first coal ever
discovered in that state supposedly was
from Madison
I'm currently dropping and rendering
drone footage on the entirety of what a
shoe with the inspire to this process is
always a lot longer recess and shoot on
raw cinema BMG which is like a big old
card so we're going to eat and go take a
coop I think so
this is Kyle right here Kyle is someone
who ran into us in the middle of Madison
as soon as we got there and he's been
taking us around like all day I was a
local yeah
tour guide and he watches pub G so we
kind of bonded on that a little bit but
big shots off the Kyle thank you dude I
was wrong and two idiots in West
Virginia well I don't know
we found a river called the little Coal
River in West Virginia don't move
especially right where we can't froth a
but there's basically a see that the
river does it makes a big C and it
starts here and it ends in our campsite
and we are going to float that see it
takes about an hour we talked to a few
people who had just done it that's the
river right there and it just flows and
you can move and chill out so this is
honestly how we're ending this trip it's
been an absolutely insane trip we only
have a few hours of daylight left and
you know when in doubt inner tubes that
are shaped like gummy bear before we
left we had a meeting with me on these
and while we're the meeting they were
like hey I'm your trip if you want we'll
give you a bag of underwear and you can
put some washable swag in it which we
did there's like pins and figures in
here and we're going to put it over by
the South Charleston city signs right
over here this archway and we're going
to snapchat it see who comes to find it
so it's kind of a fun way to end the
trip especially because we're leaving
South Charleston because we stayed here
last night but this is such a cool city
it's like very industrial we pacified it
like I think the biggest industrial park
I've ever seen and I all I want to do is
explore it but we literally have to hit
the road right now for our flight but
I'm going to hide this right now
I don't want to leave this place
god I love last-minute trips then why am
I here I know and these bees are
probably the biggest knees I've ever
seen oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god
