hi Ashley went to the coffee shop and
bought my coffee with my own hands like
an adult today to ordering it or not
getting it at all I'm um not super
hourly but I'm going to meet Jason right
now we're going to go to frog
electronics and just kind of hang out
like a daytime hang with Jason I feel
like all the times we hang out it's
normally either at night or dinner or
where are my keys
Starbucks is crazy right now okay
everything perplexed and I'm talking to
a camera he's just like stopped his car
and looked at me like I've never seen
one of those before I came to Jason's
house where Jason's out right now called
fries we're looking at stuff got some
cable ties had to figure out settle
color probably appropriate but we're
looking at just stuff we only need a few
things but we're looking at everything
because this is what we want to do with
that time mm-hmm I was just realizing
though that my hair has now gotten long
enough as a short haired person till I
get this kind of messy wear it just like
dicks up back here this is how I used to
look at the kit because I never do my
hair and now here we are again kid
Julian returns okay we're just shopping
for some very serious important props
for our stream what is this guy going to
anyway Jason has been released which
means his whole face is green screen and
his eyes nostrils and lips or not if
creepy actually I miss you I don't think
I'm a teen medium though um maybe just
it out what's the worse economic yeah
what green things could we get Julian oh
my gasps oh my god they have a level-two
helmet this is do that the other party
to do was the last one the same thing
this is the one you have to put a
healthy Tom level to helmet you've got a
little straighter I picked it up I'm so
excited they have that right now gonzo
level two helmets video game literally
is taking over our lives like we walk
around
and we talked about it in real life and
then we go play it later need some
glow-in-the-dark hair tie rubber bands
we need a hot dog oh my god you
definitely need a hot dog shot and then
you play that snapchat filter with the
hot dog dancing oh my god what is it
that's a snapchat filter I'm so out of
it okay do you want to do it like why am
I seeing it's like it's time to become a
meme no thank you
there's alright we're going to the
Halloween section now to tell you where
it right we're at across the lip
crossing America half causing my hands
going off to vomit Jason's got set up I
have no clue PO when you crack open a
cold one so much I think that is kind of
there's only two left
first aid this this might be what we
will call my first aid kit
it's like joining are you hard oh I
never thought in my life I'd be wearing
today's the day maybe dad will show up I
think a good way to tell as you're
driving through North Hollywood is if
you start seeing everyone wearing super
dope outfits then you're probably in
North Hollywood
everyone here is dressed so cool there's
a lot of dancers who live in North
Hollywood and I think that's partly why
but everyone just have such a fucking
cool outfit even when it's 90 degrees
out 90 degrees
it's a cool day like nice and cool today
my hair still fucking last another 12
I'm pulling off the highway right now
when you live in LA there are a lot of
different stereotypes that you're aware
of one of the stereotypes is the fast
driving la just a classic like la
asshole but when you see it in person
it's sort of like kind of shocking to it
I didn't think that exact stereotype
but it does and when you see it it's
it's special month and I just saw one
let me describe it I just got home so I
want to continue breaking this down real
quick a Dodge Ram speeds up behind you
swerves around you and it's a shining
truck and you read the license plate to
see UD ra em could Ram so you know that
this guy could Ram you he's letting you
know he could Ram your car or you could
like Ram you in the sex way like he
could do it because it says could Ram
and then as if it was like literally
designed in a movie to be this character
a surfboard sticking out of his truck
and he swirling swirling through the
highway looking for someone he could
ramp which really is all of us to cry
didn't get R and I want to be rammed
right now if you guys ever seen mr.
could Ram make sure you take a picture
with him don't tell him I miss him and
I'm always wondering why he didn't want
to ram me oh oh man alright so I'm
pretty tired I didn't sleep well at all
last night
on a serious note I've been having the
worst anxiety dreams I've been waking up
through the night a lot of the times
after I'm done streaming on Twitch I
have these dreams where I'm convinced
where I wake up like half asleep so sort
of a wake I'm sort of asleep but I'm
like
convinced that I'm still alive and it's
killing my sleep like I'm waking up
every few hours and it's not just like
you wake up and you're like oh it's a
dream you wake up and you're still
convinced that it's happening you're you
know the feeling of you being live in
front of an audience while being asleep
is like a very painfully real sensation
and I've been having it sporadically
throughout the last month ever since we
started really picking up the stream
schedule and I've been playing a lot of
pub G and more and more people are
watching like I've had really really
relentless stress streams we have a
workout to get to in about 30 minutes
but both Jenna and I are really tired
she's tired because I know when I wake
up like in the middle and I like that
she hears it and she sees it so it's
like kind of affecting both of us
but man I really wish that would stop
you know I try to when I'm done
streaming I try to leave space before I
go right to bed and sometimes it's hard
because I get done so late I need to
figure out a way to not have this be my
butt because I'm waking up feeling less
and less rest it every single day this
tough man's can only imagine what the 24
hour stream is going to do trying to get
some Sun and wake myself up no fun Oh
fun
alright I made myself a nice little
fresh lunch after fresh lunch well I
haven't closed the cabinet horrible we
open terrible cabinets up is just
pathetic miyanji to freak out and look
at it gets a ton I'm a little hand rolls
with rice paper rice paper avocado sushi
rice and sesame seeds
dinner is served for lunch maybe you
confused okay so right here I have my
sony alpha 87 s2
this is my camera I use all the time for
vlogging but it's also our a cam that we
use for last-minute trips this is what
it looks like when I blog with it with a
mic on top but when we shoot with
last-minute trips the camera looks a lot
different because we have a lot of
attachments on it and it's kind of all
just like decked out and things so I
wanted to show you a little before and
after of what happens when I vlog with
this camera and when I shoot different
things with this camera so my camera is
going through a transformation right now
oh do you want to see the cameras
transformation relevant you like sniff
my mouth
well here it is fully back now oh look
at oh my god boy what have you done
I'm showing what my camera looks like
what is it again what have you done yes
this is the same camera it's just been
left in the trips mode you have a
monitor the money
boy yeah kind of camera to get you
kicked out the mall for not having a
perfect boy what have you done and then
you got the big learns 124 to 70 cell EG
master to point a this is a small HD
focus monitor right here
brand new yeah loves his gear gear porn
record former gear anything's porn if
you sexualized it just look at all of
pristine channel
she made nail polish sexual I'm sorry
morning she's a legend she's an icon and
she's the first person to sexualized
nail polish
she makes me sexually attracted to nail
polish which I didn't think was possible
as I said anything scorned be sexualizes
see yes tomorrow
you
