I'm all wet and sweaty and nasty but you
know what it's okay because look we got
a package from my favorite place in New
York this Friday we are leaving for LMT
five alright fifth episode it feels like
we just got back from Bayfield but we
didn't it's been a month almost so we're
doing it again throw on the dart on
Fridays get yourselves ready for that
but I actually have to have a phone call
with Collin and some people right now
regarding last-minute trip and once that
is over
Jenna and I are going to our workout
told you guys this week was non-stop you
got to keep up okay gonna be pretty nuts
after a workout tonight we are streaming
and I'm going to be streaming play
run-ons battlegrounds except something
is going to be different in this stream
and that is because we are twitch
channel twitch.tv slash jenna joint just
became a player unknown battlegrounds
partner
we are official partners of the game now
which means we have special access to do
certain game modes zombie modes include
you guys in the game there's a whole
bunch of different tweaks we can make
now when we stream pub G I can't even
tell you how excited I am I found out
yesterday that we got accepted so there
you go more reason to stop by the
fuckery stream i'm going to start
crossing to make stuff off my list
or else nothing's going to get done
is you perv you do I feel good I feel
good yeah I just want to feel like no
you know my brother not only your kids
we used to lay on the couch with our
heads where your butt goes and our feet
all the way up at the top and we used to
call it hanging out okay haha hey you
wanna hang out do not don't just come to
tear my pants does that mean that it
gives you Liberty to rip them off that's
the exact Liberty account means a
Liberty to rip them off I want to tear
these away no tearaway pants literally
is Oh might as well be an invite no and
I'm wearing a bikini top are you saying
that you're just allowed to oh my
conduit whenever you feel like it this
conversation got serious really says
yeah I'd like to back out do not reflect
it back to back out thank to that kind
of this agreement hey wait don't fall
you're gonna fall I'm flexing a lot like
the more complex the bottom let's go go
on flex the fucking just like when you
did spider on the swing everybody
colonel she would overcome you jealous a
good oh good girl come to the bed or
what are you doing PT you want to come
on lessen the trip since Friday should I
be so cold you could take her I love the
way it feels when she sits on you ok
make it what she expresses her body
against yours with love
unlike Kermit and we just feel sharp
when he's it but yes yes and sure I like
her I just got in a lot of trouble
because he made an accident in the house
and we went up to him and in a park and
the park s room and we went up to both
of them we said who did this and Kermit
gave himself away it was like shivering
and he was like looking around and we
were like peach did you do this and she
was like what do what hey bud met with
me when we put a new carpet in that room
you're not doing that you know you're
gonna get fans from the room
Kermit you babe here we go oh my god oh
my god okay oh don't do that
particularly need it and tell you cry
won't okay we just talked about it just
because they're here doesn't mean you're
allowed to touch them
just walking around the house come down
when I clean his cage all right let's
clean his cage tonight and then I also
want to make some additions to his cage
maybe sometime this week curtain we
haven't cleaned this cage in about a
month we could try to clean it once a
month at least right it smells like a
used hamster cage but it doesn't smell
bad in there yeah you're talking some
argument now we're going to rearrange
all of this furniture but we still have
to watch him run we can't have the wheel
anywhere where we can't see it but I
actually do want to install curtains on
this cage because that way the dogs
can't just fucking harass and all of
them
cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo yo fam why
are y'all being so cute why are y'all
being so cute on each other like that
boy it's a Monday night it's time to
change it's time again for summer game
boss I need my life our ramen for dinner
do you have a plan together no I don't
have a plan I don't have leftover ramen
not always her I'm trying to think of a
pun we get his Batman and Robin over
here getting their food all ready for
the night oh that was a good one because
it was bad I've been in ramen that needs
to be like a comic which is Batman
eating ramen he's going around like
Tokyo trying different types of ramen
and that's the whole thing and like
people are getting robbed in my crime is
happening but he's just eating ramen Oh
No
and then he gets on postmates he's like
all right which ramen place should I try
tonight Batman a ramen see I'm glad I
thought of that joke basically anger
they don't show you this part of the day
so I need to get going on pump G here me
fuck me better baby and you saying
pumped me up G oh my god we need to make
a remix to that song I do I'm a musician
not me
none of me you making out in the fog to
the Pacific bacon to bits in that maybe
nasi this is like in tub view when you
want to aim to the powder tree so we can
go abroad you I've argued a bar bar bar
you don't even get your consent needs
but that's not a to dog bed every time
we're streaming we'll look over them and
they'll both be squeezed like tightly in
that bed either like Kermit the other
day had his butt all the way up on the
mirror simile even if it's a big bed
she'll find a way to sit on yeah yeah
she always comes out then anyway we're
getting ready to stream I test out their
zombie mode and it is so cool basically
all of you guys get to be in our game as
hordes of zombies running around trying
to get us that's crazy so
being so funny writer to next week
yelling fun evening fun she's very
excited right now because we just got
done streaming from a four hours or
maybe four I don't know can't remember
if you were part of the stream tonight
you know how much fun was but if you
weren't
it was so insanely cool we had a hundred
of you guys playing with us
in our custom game we had a team of my
friends and we all played and it was
very very cool and it was only the
beginning we're still learning how to do
it best and everything but holy crap our
streams just got like a whole lot
crazier teaches like yeah what stream
damn I think if I can see anything I'm a
Dalek but what are those squares that
you were looking at for five hours this
is just another day in the house right
we don't like this means do you yeah if
you can't see what's on the screen you
don't understand what we're doing but
when it's over she gets excited it's
like when your parents are done with
work and you just want to play with them
yeah
