hi do you guys do our nail clippings yes
okay can you take walk-ins or you need
an appointment okay great thanks so much
all right well that's today's project
finally cook your little toenails I'm
having alone time today all right you're
going to have some alone time with
daddy's because these need trimming
sometimes clipping marbles nails can be
very difficult because he he like kind
of spouses out like he cut his nails so
he moves a lot so it's really hard to
clip them properly and then they grow to
where they curl a little bit and then
they hook on things he's been getting
caught on stuff so we need to take care
of that oh you're in a good mood today
he's chepa rubble you want to go get a
manicure you want to get a pedicure
porque no los dos oh you speak Spanish a
blast on y'all you go yeah for him
what's the penguin hate what just
doesn't concern you would you even get
here he generally not happy about it so
I got to take care of your dad away your
mastery brother
you know I bud
I think he's honestly going to be more
relaxed that Jenna's not there he tends
to get like extra nervous and protective
in public when his mommy's there so I
think a little daddy time will do him
well almost five years after first like
seeing how Marvel sits in the car it
still is so funny to me that he likes
sitting back here when Jenna drives he
sits back here when I Drive he just
likes being back here he feels protected
he feels high up you just like it don't
you but we're gonna go for a mini walk
and they're gonna go get your nails
clipped but it's like super calming
spending time with just Marvel like I
can't tell you the difference in
energies between the Iggy's and marble
he is so fucking Cho
I love this little guy so much he like
melts my heart what we're matching to
probably matching did that trash can
melt I'm not positive but it looks like
that trash can literally just melted
okay okay Valley Heat yeah yeah
I feel so bad he looked quick usually
got be in there but earth-dog happy when
your tomorrow except for peach he really
don't care
we've never been in this place with
people but it seems to be solid I just
hope he's not mad at he he's like
looking at me through the window like I
trusted you and you brought me here
thank you
oh my god it's so funny you think mom's
not dead
oh my god I like just got good yell done
you know been training before where it
really needs me to thank you very much
all right how many where okay so that
was like hilarious okay well done you
get it you get it good boy oh wait
that's black pop let me pick you up I
was so funny I was just sitting there
waiting for this guy to be done and
Laura the woman who was working in the
front literally like says and she's like
checking his records and make sure he's
all clear and stuff on the phone with of
that and she says okay good to know mob
was not dead and I like I for a second I
was like yeah cool thanks because I
thought she was just saying like these
shots are good like I confirmed he's
good to go like but then I like thought
about it did you say good to know my was
not dead
and I looked at her and she was like
smiling I was like did you say it's good
to know my was about dead and she was
like yeah she starts laughing and I was
like holy shit that is the funniest
thing to happen in like the setting I
was in I was like I just wasn't
expecting it was really funny though but
they were all really sweet and marbles
was good right and we're matching guys
you know it's real when you start
matching with your dog okay wasn't even
intentional but you know we'll tell
people what
look at those nails you won't get caught
on stuff anymore all right climb into
your throne let's go to mommy
you know what that sound means
I think he has no clue where he is we're
clearly at home but that sounds like
okay now I know where I am my god we
have tea tea won't leave
goodbye Jenna and actually Jenna's
writing a radio show and marble is
demanding attention from her so I'm
trying to take them away so mommy can
watch mommy work I know you love 24/7
attention but sometimes you can't have
it fun fact I tell a Sleeps digit
spinning the other day and literally
fell asleep while I was suggesting it's
availa because I'm a millennial today
has been pretty non-stop I have a few
other things to do later on and I'm
jumping on a phone call in a few minutes
I'm just taking a second to distract a
little ham you got a fresh pedicure bug
it was a good day when when Jenna's
trying to work sometimes he'll just like
sit underneath your computer chair and
just like stand there like won't sit
won't lay down won't get comfortable
he'll just literally just stand there
until she notices him she's like kind of
like oh I have to beg mom I think I'm
gonna scream some pub G tonight and also
I cannot believe it I can't believe
we're now living in a world where
snapchat allowed links I'm so excited
about it but I still just I fucked it it
takes a look over these little guys I
just got a whole bunch more of the og
popsicle and cloud pins so I just have
to do a bunch more giveaways on Twitch
I don't know speaking of which I'm
actually going to go set up my stream
for the night warming up with Chris Jeff
and John this is where I relax and kill
people in the video so cut the multi
right here got some nice Audio Technica
headphones got the New Mexico hat kind
of mic on and on with a bicep and so on
the webcam right there and then you got
me that's it a lot of you guys been
asking when the 24 hour stream is going
to be I think it's going to be within a
month I don't know how to exactly but I
need a bit of time to make it happen I
mean reading in chat a lot of you guys
are asking if it already happened didn't
happen
you didn't miss the 25 string I'll make
sure to let you guys know on everything
I think what's going to happen before
the 24 hour stream is that one more
quick thing before I let you go don't
need you a sec I gotta say one thing you
have been asking me for hashtag add pins
okay
