yeah I'd read comments on Karen it's not
for walk or even hydrate you bitch
oh cool family vacation ok column
holding a giant big old P 100 camera man
and Jenna's gonna teach after I felt
bought me a soft one we came to the
particle we don't know where we're going
to be able to find space to play we
might have to go to like behind it yeah
like right over here is nothing over
there
alright until you kicked out huh thanks
for filming for that dude VP waffle nice
little you killed my crush a homerun off
you would touch my run in a Little
League field right and recruit myself
yeah definitely are we really expecting
if you kicked out okay alright we're
going to kick that since we're here at
YouTube we're here filming for you to me
you're buying pretty bad dude it's hard
you ever done that you know a pinch to
solve all that you have hard okay just
my roof
haha I'm such a dick you just help
Spellman and fucking to me they buy that
so hard
wait so but I could have been a really
good softball player just maybe not a
good pitcher because not everyone has to
know how to throw underhand night
oh wait when you field you don't have to
throw it on their hands shut up see
thank I do that throw the camera in
there alright we're done here I'm like
sweating all over the place earner it
was revenge I feel like I've been
revenged at the end there I just picked
up Jenna and tried to like run her away
and this woman walked by and thought we
were actually like having a domestic
dispute so that was fun I'm Phil yeah
Colin was just standing there filming a
bystander
what nothing I'm just telling you all
right oh we're done with this I'm happy
I learned I learned something new today
there's up guys welcome to do log
tutorial so first you're gonna take some
bales of camera say oh what's this and
this is a nine now and then you take it
and now it's yours it's good form that's
not like Avalon coach you like comes up
and he's like straight your elbow son
all right there you go
that's bad form why I'm hungry no no
Ralph else else else else else else
let's go on up Ralph else and this is
the problem is I'm the Tommy that's
another problem okay
I'm hungry okay and I'm not just for me
I didn't just like first notice that my
hunger is arrived and now I'm feeling it
it's been a little bit like I've gotten
past the initial hunger to the point
where I'm like I know what I want I'm
hungry I could do it I passed that now
I'm at the point where I'm hungry and
I've thought about everything I want and
now that I haven't eaten
I even more so can't decide what I need
to eat so now I'm just going to hungrily
go to a grocery store which is like the
worst idea the worst thing you can ever
do it and I'm going to buy everything
and eat all of it oh yeah oh thank you
always to kids girls they live in full
Sarge I just asked my mom and dad for
one of those for Christmas every single
year along with a puppy it was a puppy
in one of those and it was a hell no
both and we never got to do it wasn't
that the saddest story you've ever heard
in your whole life
hey barn Siobhan why don't you talk then
and we can define progress yeah i vlog
it bug this and then say I'm gonna vlog
and then don't write me what I do those
are gyu's
now is the part of the day where we go
to the grocery store and over shop
because we're hungry oh he got me son
ever cool I supposed to get you and
you're not supposed to give me that I
feel god I feel so God they've talked to
us about the internet drama that
happened today oh my god this he of the
year is the Rob Kardashian and blac
Chyna baseball oh ha ha she still hasn't
responded yet but it was some people all
right so what's our first stop you want
need a drink all right let me get some
orange juice I kind of wanted to go to
the frozen section and get a bunch of
frozen meal because I'm lazy but we
might actually do like ingredients shop
because I watched I literally woke up
today and binge watched a bunch of hot
for free videos because I was so hungry
and now I just want to make like all the
recipes they made these like jackfruit
poblano tacos I think that's what I have
my sights set on okay so what about it
I'm Ally Madeline just matching your
hair hole better connect your head hey I
was turned just by before and make sure
what no I don't want to lose right
mouthing you want to put this bargain hi
TyTy right so I said I wanted the
talkers and I've seen like a bunch of
other things I want sounds got
everything everything everything want
tacos Jeremy okay
so weird it's free remember
I've never bought jackfruit in a can now
so I don't know what it looks like it's
just like in brine but I'm almost
positive it comes in a can so I asked
for help I got a thing in order to ask
for help I need someone to ask I can't
find anyone in full form by the way that
English
they don't even know a jackfruit is I
honestly blame them it's kind of an
obscure food because I lost Jenna in the
hunt for jackfruit and it turns out they
only have the physical giant jackfruit
which i think is just too much work for
something I don't really know how to
prepare so I'm going to look in one more
I'll see if they have it but I got to
find Jenna now because I lost her being
in my office
that's a bit of a mess I think it's
almost taco time now and I'm so excited
about it honestly I don't know how
you're feeling about Humphries fucking
excited are you fucking excited eye
socket on taco taco Wednesdays and how
possibly be born all right good on a
scale of 1 to like it
it'll spell I'm scared of a fear of
electronic flaws in your breaking ones
are called
better real system bigger phobia
thankful via chip yeah technology
falling phobias lesbos olya that's a
survivor yet tech bomb oh there we go
not working anyway let's get one to ten
ten being like professional how did i do
today occurring as alcohol Oh
so gonna sit down and in it right now I
hope you got some good stuff because
from where I was sitting which was the
catcher's position it looks pretty
amazing everyone talking at each other
because la sucks everyone talking in
each other good fella says I know why
you're honking there's nowhere to go why
is everybody hugging knows how to
squeeze through cuz you got no patience
why is everybody okay
I love when people honk at you and then
they pulled beside you in a way that you
like thank you I was just calling you an
asshole before you could see my face
this is really from the home video right
in front of that viewership you guys do
a video they were walking on the street
I was just doing something off-camera
that I think you guys should see you
ready when we pull into our driveway
look at the seat we can see the shot of
the donkey Thank You Duffy on a Hondros
oh my god stop big idea keep it there
they probably just ran away if he does
he
one of the camping you can see all right
we can say great time yeah well we can't
call tonight maybe huh what if we just
sleep in a tent in the dog our yard or
nap yep yeah yeah the sprinklers a loft
but 5:30 a.m. what was great what if we
camped in the front yard the runs like
other very neighbors with any doing what
we can to our bedroom
okay thought y'all know I don't want to
are you kidding me I'm absolutely dead
located here in the middle name is
actually Noah which in Chinese means
canvas yeah Chinese on you touch changer
can't perpetually danger to people who
watch these books they need to know you
can't cut on people ok Google how many
tablespoons in a teaspoon three
teaspoons in a tablespoon
I am Google home testing a question okay
Jenna okay Jenna how many meters do I
have to run before I want to throw up
that's up to your personal physical
fitness level ok Google MRI sexy I mean
okay Jenna am i hot it depends what is
your body temperature okay Jenna I know
you gave me girl I don't understand I
don't understand
I already threw out like two today well
you tell it in the garbage so you like
just me in the kitchen how is it falls
dishes are they Julianne I start zoomed
in on the sauce and then zoom out I'm
going to say it accidentally nacho
average way to end a vlog do it Julia
why are you crying there's no other
dance with each other what I think she
wants to do I gotta get up let me go let
me go I'm gonna pick you make sure to
pet a fish per week every job like it
movies like this you gotta come on come
home come eat all thank you come on all
that crying
you get you turn now oh wow you happy
for me but I don't know I feel so much
oh my god this is my heaven this is my
common heaven
drag I would you relate Julia
