half half 1/2 Julie that's what this is
Tina stand here I'm not wearing a shirt
because I just woke up the reason I'm
looking up there is because the new
camera setup has been augmented and this
is not for vlogs but I'm just testing
this out check this out look god monitor
what a mess that is but anyway this is
not for blogs I'm not going to carry
this rig around just to tell my frickin
face it is for bigger projects lots and
trips commercial share etc feel like the
cleanliness of our kitchen is inversely
correlated to how much fun we're having
and since it's Bessie we're having fun
I'm going to pick out a shirt this is
very inappropriate
I need this might be shirt let's go
upstairs are you sure yeah baby love you
how's that work this is a shirt that
other than Jason Sully bought me because
he's great friend speaking of this shirt
though I played a lot of pubsey last
night and ended the night with a win not
only did I fully abov G last night but I
played pub G wearing a new outfit that
I've recently acquired not the man
outfit that I find it helps my gameplay
he's no majority's moonlit it's enhanced
my quality of life and more oh fuck yeah
well it's just a ghillie suit that the
ghillie suit we were out yesterday and
just weakening ourselves around and
decided to stop by the army-navy store
because I've been looking for a ghillie
suit and haven't been able to find one
probably because their ghillie suits and
they're meant to blend in am i right so
I got a ghillie suit do not regret $1
spent on it but yeah I played video
games website wearing the giant grass
ghillie suit because I love it
I've taken a couple days off of logging
and it's done me very well I feel very
refreshed recharged I'm happy to be
hoping the camera and talk to me which I
find to be an awesome thing a couple
things that you've missed in my life
since I was blogging last week one I
roped myself into doings and I haven't
done yet a 24 hour long twitch stream
the other night when I was playing Jason
and proved I said I get a pan kill in
pub G and when John I say Club G and you
guys don't ah you like fucked us on are
we talking about Club G is a video game
okay
it's player in those battlegrounds you
can assault people with numerous weapons
my favorite of which is the pant I
basically said if I can get a pan kill
which is very hard because everyone have
gun so they're shooting you while you're
running up to them like a maniac trying
to hit them so if I get a pan kill
alright I will stream for 24 hours
straight your shit Oh Julian get them
pan kill them okay I gotta know my god
wait wait wait hold on I got a big dude
24 hour stream we're actually currently
planning out the 24 hour stream because
it's going to take a lot of planning
we're going to try to schedule it out as
best we can but probably in the next
week or two I'm going to be going live
on Twitch for a full 24 hours in a row I
think it'll be a really fun experience
to document with the vlog in and out of
the stream I'll be vlogging and kind of
giving you updates but if you're not
right now
and you'd like to see me for a literal
day straight go to twitch.tv slash
Angelia make sure you're followed and
got your notice on so you can check that
and make sure you know when we're doing
it now all I want to do today is a bunch
of it just a whole bunch of it over
the only tigre don't feel good actually
I actually just watched the Mad Jose
blog and I already missed that guy that
was I was like it feels like I took a
long trip somewhere it was a trip I'll
never forget and I didn't even go
anywhere you know
we found these these are basically a
mess but and they are so good that we
finished almost two packages of them in
the last like two years yeah fucking
yell at us for making get a tripod on my
desk should be a paid job and this by
the way is what I was talking about this
is the awesome picture macho's had made
for me while he was in LA I don't know
anyone who's done that in such a short
time because this is high quality thanks
for being a mate on the back so I'm
going to be hanging this up this is very
cool but we have to get ready for a
podcast so we're going to podcast right
now and then we are going to start
enjoying the rest of our 4th of July
weekend bye delay happy 4th of July
Jenna's watching marzia's vlog hi so we
finished podcasting and now we are
sitting outside eating some hot super
food salsa and chips on this absolutely
beautiful hot warm clear sky day
what's nice less today is it's Sunday so
traditionally we'd be enjoying ourselves
but also preparing for the week tomorrow
but we don't have to prepare it for the
week tomorrow because it's a holiday you
know the holiday on Tuesday which means
we get like sort of a four-day weekend
hey Doc what's wrong right a morning Lee
round of the kitchen picking up my paper
towels what's wrong with me so the other
day I noticed in our bed there is this
weird rip and I have no clue how it
happens like no clips and I realised it
was our sheet or our sheet has
completely ripped into this is what it
looks like right now this is
you know to Levis happen IP seriously
like one night my phone is just like
under and I was like what Maurice off
wash more fabric softener like it just
got soft and tore it has a good life
it's awesome things so far what I said
every single time I go on any sort of
trip or leave town for more than like a
day I called it it turns into an
absolute fuck fest and like I worked so
hard on cleaning it up you guys know and
then this is what happens so now I have
just like a million hours of laundry to
do which is great I have to do this
laundry an hour off I can't wear clothes
this is probably two loads of laundry
but whatever right all right so that's
started so my brother might come over in
a little bit I think the Debbie machine
might come over in a little bit to come
and just like have some 4th of July
festivities it's an absolutely scorching
day outside I don't know how much
outside time there will be but yes if
there's a day to celebrate independence
it's basically today I mean tomorrow's
before--the is alive but tomorrow is
also touchies day with work of the next
day and this is open so today is like I
don't know I mean no I'm saying
your starter sentences like 90 no you're
saying so this last week we started a
project operation overhaul the home
podcast studio we're not going to
completely overhaul it it's not going to
be anything drastic well we're getting a
new table in there we're going to get a
new system for all of our gear because
we've been twitch streaming so much that
like moving our twitch set up to make it
a podcast set up and back has been quite
the headache oh I meant to fucking say
this I just finished watching the LA so
many of you guys had told me agenda that
we need to watch that show and I never
watched it until a month ago I was like
well let's try it let's see like I'm you
know I'm in need of new shows on Netflix
a lot so I tried it and I think the LA
is the first show where it started out
absolutely lackluster in my opinion like
I really didn't like how it started I
was like not hooked
but the more I watched the more I loved
it and then by the end of the season I
was like absolutely blown away and I
think that's the first time that's ever
happened where when I'm watching a show
I don't like in the beginning him and I
love it at the end like that was a weird
cool experience
but the oay is fucking dope and I am
actually very excited for future
episodes I have to walk down to the
corner to drop these off and a lot these
are pins for people who have worn them
on Twitch Wow Wow alright and the clouds
feet on the ground that shirt is now
restocked by the way you can get it like
literally right now actually no 10 a.m.
today is restocked the link below
we restocked almost immediately Wow sure
I'm wearing sure I'm gonna laugh there's
that me know what I look like oh my god
I almost put it on backwards again there
we go
we've been out of the house for three
minutes and they're already just like
wicked hot and shit it's one of the
dates like a hundred and what hundred a
day yeah it's like blacktop off limits
heat right now but that's okay because
you guys live coddled baby live on
couches ripped off of it it says do not
enter
fourth-of-july mode it's almost
completely engaged one more thing we
need there we go I think I'm already I
can see I'm comfortable you can't see me
just a great combo also check out this
is talking mouse test that has been sewn
anything is the SteelSeries one that's a
huge one absolute beast
all right so I'm actually really
comfortable right up there on innate
part of the ramen
J&J imitating change often compost oh my
god ironic queen of compilation alright
let's watch it
we've been doing it for so long maybe we
need to stop and find anything of it we
just keep doing it happy fourth is live
in its a period of July happy fourth is
whether they've been happy for things
like that was so happy it's the fourth
of July Adams spending it with you
today's the actual day happy me along
Johanna someone here what can you do ah
hey James you so excited to hear you do
mr. Terminator good like yeah controller
thought you would like greatness where
you can see you energy to me yeah I know
yeah change your feet are moving in a
hundred one hour
he's the happy to go there's a girl
right over here everybody are you guys
holding hair are you guys holding here
hi
are you going to be literal cutest
Aggies in the whole world you're holding
hands
what is what is that oh they're watching
violence chip oh my god
all right dr. Zook a girl she really
likes it she hasn't gotten out yet so
dad wanted to like this case like this
to kids happy fourth of July baby mom
what you did I get in fun to teach yes
so nice and what do you think I just
made a mess of absolute epic proportions
go do their work very much delicious
this is why I never even knew what those
were really the best as well good
Jaime the killing machine
you're not here you're so kiddo
