now watch I got VSS my new gun is fully
functional in the sense that it you can
hold it don't go near my groceries VSS I
bought these flowers like a week and a
half ago and I've been changing the
water every two days I'm gonna stay
right here there's a woman who sold them
to me
and this might be like super common
knowledge to everyone but I've never
known that you're supposed to change a
lot every two days and they've lasted I
mean granted three at the tail end of
their life right now but they've lasted
almost two weeks without completely
folding over and dying so today's lesson
in the garden Julian is change your
flower water every two days and they'll
make it two weeks it's no guarantee
these are not my normal groceries these
are my sick person groceries because you
boy I hate when people say you boy I
don't know why I just said I have a
cough I woke up with a cough today and I
was one of those things right I felt it
coming on like mid yesterday going to
sleep tonight it was just like alright
well tomorrow is his the cough there was
nothing to stop it just gonna happen no
matter what so I got a bunch of
vegetables and some fruit because I want
to juice my way back to health any time
I get sick there's a few things that I
usually use this is more when you have
like a cold but this is good for the
throat I also have a couple of other
different tinctures that I'm going to be
taking welcome to the juice log I got
these literally the biggest
ginger I think I've ever seen those with
beets for scale have lemons cucumbers
apples carrots we have a juicer if you
have a juicer I recommend any of these
in a juice honestly it doesn't have to
be this exact combination in fact apples
lemons and beets are my three like
favorite and then ginger is next for
juices especially ones that make you
feel better
juicers really loud so I would say just
prepare yourself like this that's the
bit that catches the scraps put a little
doggie bag in there all right so I was
just getting ready to cut up the fruit
and apples and the beets and I opened
the peas what the fuck is that what is
that I've never seen these before these
are like stubs do you think real beets
the white would be so upset I've
literally never seen this what is that
oh shit
anyway always leave the stick around
because it's healthy and if you can't
taste it then it's not there so I'm
gonna cut these up though this is my
your ginger
it's kind of beautiful looking those
colors I'm down pH don't eat grass I'll
feed you breakfast
come here are you that hungry hey are
you eating grass roots ruined our chairs
it's working that you guys didn't ruin
that someone else really yeah yeah
alright so you take your really sharp
knife you stir it around looks like a
bloody knife you know them at the
dishwasher is it clean is it dirty
50-50 chance you gotta run the chance
get to a pint glasses out cuz we're
drinking beer baby no that's part of the
process never taste it's always the look
of tests you want to try some juice it's
really good why do you watch your
brother eat when you're finished I don't
think he likes them I know you want more
food but you can that has the magic of a
vlog brought you all the way to lunch
and you didn't have to wait that's my
lunch okay there it is I mean eat it
okay I think boy are you doing I pick
you up
go for it run are you doing enough
another day big boy
fancy mama you've been killing it on
that wheel lately
every time we sleep downstairs I can
hear of running peach no your amps there
just want the entire block always to
just be hamster 100% hamster hundreds of
the time you're just so entertaining and
you have such a personality this is
making me feel a lot better I wanted to
ask you which pin is your favorite pen
oh this one looks a lot like you
actually hey whoa whoa whoa
Kermit just made a move and he licked
his lips peach don't look at him like
that no peach back up he's not for you
to mother well honey age safe and sound
every time I bend my finger you're
cracked dope dope whatever that means
a little bit broken it's okay though
cactus light I'm just gonna tape this
thing my camera and walk around this
week I'm spending time editing the
episode we just shot but I just want to
say I very much appreciate all the
patience you guys have for the way this
channel has been for a few weeks and I
have a lot of cool things that I want to
do for this channel I would love to hear
any of your guys's ideas as well because
this is where I want to be putting over
my time I mean with those hot fiery
fiery guy fiery ideas in the comments
four types of logs different things
roast my appearance type stuff whatever
comes to your mind because I want to
read it I'm just going to show you
really quickly a piece of what I'm
working on right now and I will see you
guys
tomorrow
