but this is the most curating artena on
there yeah yeah
this is no hashtag coupon cuz all of
Joseph's stuff out here
all that can infinite although that'd
together oh yeah Oh on that is good I
also this is the only canon camera that
I consider you trained for me with yeah
so we just finished this giant flat like
shot biggest I've ever seen in person
actually I think you might be too big
for a scene even including Instagram but
I am going to meet up with these guys
later
does she want to be shoot awesome
mission that I don't even know we've got
they were clear happen but we have all
of our gear it's been photographed and
our I use it later I'm going to shoot
must be hanging up a building maybe I
shouldn't be given that land
knowing that it is hope so I am all the
way up in a place called Elysian Park
which is downtown Los Angeles
overlooking Dodger Stadium in downtown
LA I'm with Matt Jake and their buddy
Alex who I just met and we are shooting
sunset over here and down kinda light
and then also going to put some drones
up and fly around there is a game going
on over there so there's a lot of
traffic it took us like forever to get
up here and I got lost as if like I
don't live here or something for but I
do live here got a string your loss
a little bit no dad or this finally pet
it looks kind of outrageous trying out
that Dodger game is happening right now
it's actually pretty packed at the
Dodgers game I had minima Dodger game in
so many years and this makes me really
miss it but the sky looks crazy there's
like a gradient of orange all on the
skyline I've never actually been up to
this specific spot so you can see
downtown LA you can see past downtown to
East LA and you see right in front of
Dodger Stadium sunset was pretty massive
only thing is I haven't taken the time
to really set up my drum properly like
this is out of the box so my flight was
a little limited today tonight but it
did get me excited to fly more so solo
is that but right now we're just hanging
out up here pissed up this fucking guy
let's go back to Australia and I met
Alex Alex is over the drone gear orangey
he was the one who got that shot of my
drone with his drone which is a rad shot
but he is like the drone professional
yeah I'm going to be an actual pilot how
about that huh
hi mom oh not just that he didn't come
at any Islip Alvin Vince came in off set
of this whole thing I saw my youtube
channel this is from the Loki going to
Julian's like snapchat you already
somebody oh I remember
good girl
yeah I don't really terrified
I'm down for hideous ASPCA qu and
cuckoomy good yeah the view is really
cool wait what was that we should leave
market probably know Oh guess what not
just enemy we didn't come here to fuck
spiders
so also being like is up seeing all this
on you seen this - yeah like it's so
weird
oh wait - right there wow you're me yeah
you're me look at a bigger beard so I
want to I want to actually take a
picture of me like holding it yeah and
put it on internet so I put Mac on me I
don't think I've logged this look at
such a cool memory from VidCon good
stuff
oh you're just sectioning it that's
ready for the doctor after doing over
there yeah and you like Jay yeah
watching for that I'm gonna give up you
I do things when I'm with models to fly
this way with the Spanky's a new
boyfriend cookies - just lay my doggy
okay yeah you're on the couch now hear
this
Trump silent even 100-odd it really
excited for one old like watching for
Wyatt
I keep got some wisdom he's going to
tell you something matter you is
something profound she's with your life
doing it oh my gosh
enjoy this moment all right Matt Joe
just hit 20k on YouTube in our living
room I think it's kind of fitting
because that's like a really cool thing
at the mall started Google little Tommy
you didn't on our couch so yeah congrats
on 20k let's make it more because you
guys I've hard to gentleman out but like
he's here with me I got to spend time
with them it's been amazing I can't wait
to see this guy again but you can see
them like all the time so go over to his
channel Mike pissed that you're leaving
I'm pissed that I'm like we'll figure
something out we'll get some we'll get
some real there there goes not Jose back
to Australia just as mysteriously as he
came he's gone
