if that's what you should focus on about
needs to focus on your look and all the
sudden were back home just like that
VidCon is over they come 2017 was this
last weekend and I spared you from
having to watch he had another great
time book aren't you excited now I
didn't vlog VidCon because well for a
couple of reasons one while we're at
VidCon
my main focus is not only just getting
through it alive but meeting you guys
and this year I just felt like I wanted
to be there
number two there's five hundred and
twenty three thousand other VidCon vlogs
that have probably been uploaded today
or yesterday or the day before that and
then also I was busy meeting a certain
person at VidCon I don't know what this
color profile looks like I was just
testing it out is we'll see later this
year at VidCon one of the coolest things
and probably most important for me was
meeting someone by the name of Matt Jo's
Matt chose is a vlogger and professional
time-lapse our lives in Australia and
I've talked about him handfuls of times
on the vlog before and we've talked for
I think nearly a year we've been
communicating maybe last once he told me
that he could potentially come to LA and
hang out and go to VidCon I was so
excited so I got to meet him at VidCon
and I was wonderful
what's even more wonderful is that he's
going to be in town for a couple days so
we are going to be hanging out and not
just hanging out filming things there's
not a lot of loggers i watch and there's
not a lot of time-lapse as i watch he's
one of the few and he's the big
inspiration for me and also a very rad
dude which is why i'm going to meet him
for dinner like right now leave is the
door you gotta stay here feed yourself
go hunt something huh also Christian
left this morning which was a bummer and
also in addition to being a bummer it
was a bummer look what they got us
you got a framed picture of all of us
all the different memories leaves a
double prom picture we gotta send a good
amount of time with them which made me
really happy but I hated seeing them
leave just stay here
oh I was going to do it for you good
might be probably here so I'm going to
stand here and film myself quick thing
about VidCon there was a lot of talk I'm
sure a lot of you have seen it and on
the internet about baton and why VidCon
was a little bit problematic this here
and I don't really feel like I need to
necessarily go into a lot of that I just
know that meeting you guys
and seeing some more friends and meeting
Matt made it good
for me that's what made VidCon worth it
that's why I go and that's why I'm happy
I went event wise it just was a bit of a
headache I just wanted to mention that
because a lot of you guys are asking for
going on to future VidCon VidCon
Australia we don't have plans to but I
did really really enjoy meeting all of
you guys who I met in Anaheim this
weekend and now I need to have a
margarita with Matt Jose who came from
Australia and is now in my backyard
I just got down we get it table busted
why these people either that's not okay
I feel very unsafe I fuck together and
we made it to the restaurant we haven't
I'm having what if it's kind of vegan my
friend there is another Nell a million
libido
what do you have enough I'm gonna find
work we're literally Queens I worked in
ER 20 yeah he hasn't been even up really
good at weirdest you can we go you make
me shall constitute our dream a golden
camera
my name's Jake powerful Sydney is
showing up and you're on Big Brother
yeah finally hi guys walk so I'm gonna
be here I'm talking right now we're
planning out tomorrow's big shoot which
we have no idea we're doing yet we just
know there's going to be some time that
will be laughs so I'm walking back from
this having dinner with Matt and Jake
and oh man I was really really nice she
gets a child with those guys a little
more background on Matt chose I found
his videos number of months back he's a
professional time laughter that's what
he does for a living in Australia and
that is his job on the side he lost his
life doing that so I found his time
lapses and that immediately is what
attracted me to his content so I would
watch his stuff and I would watch his
vlogs and kind of just be a fan of
everything he did until he noticed that
I was watching it and then we connected
and so we've been internet friends for
all this time now talking to each other
all the time on the internet about time
up is and just kind of geeking out over
video stuff and sharing each other yeah
oh thanks I'm just kind of give each
other feedback because I don't really
have too many friends around me that do
that so now meeting him is the craziest
thing in the world
we're meeting up tomorrow me Matt and
Jake
and we're going to go around away and
we're going to film together have an
experience of shooting time-lapses and
flying drones and shooting vlogs and
different things together which I'm just
really excited about I've met a lot of
people who make youtube videos and that
is really one of the only ones that I've
cared this much to meet up with and
collaborate collaborate minds with
anyway I'm walking home going to pop on
for some pub G on tonight's twitch
stream if you're checking dinner after
dinner I'm about to start streaming for
employer unknowns from the twitch
channel and I got some frozen grapes
because frozen grapes especially when
it's hot is a fantastic snack as you can
see I made a little outfit change this
is the t-shirt collaboration of my
dreams this is the t-shirt I
collaborated with scramble brand the
custom Julian salami de scramble brand
official t-shirt this is a jiu-jitsu and
lifestyle apparel company based in the
UK that we have made a shirt together
and market hell I'm so excited about it
this is the front right here here are a
couple pictures of it the theme is head
in the clouds feet on the ground which
has a couple meetings some tying into
life sometimes digits ooh and some
timing into whatever you feel that means
to you let me tell you is an incredibly
solid quality very very soft comfortable
shirt and it's made by one of my
favorite brands in the world so right
now they are dropping they are available
in the UK store only the Scramble UK
store the link will be in the
description but you might want to be
quick because they will sell out fast it
is a small limited run before I go live
I'm going to tell the twittering the
same thing and I'm going to do it all
while I jump out of airplanes
and run around on my underwear trying to
kill people oh and really quick
yesterday when I was playing player
unknowns battleground I chased the guy
around for probably fifteen minutes on
foot and then on car trying to finish
him and this is what it looked like it
was absolutely ridiculous and I somehow
recorded it so this is how I play video
games
Oh kill them let's get a car chase them
come on is he gonna run a gas dune dude
oh he's running he's running
I can't believe we got that fucking
idiot
Kermit you don't give the growl and add
and dig under mommy's covers Oh
one sorry they keep barking at you I
wish I could stop them are you so
good-looking
hi how are you so good looking
he's not your
