because today okay nobody when you wake
up in the morning and when you walk dog
you wanna fall oh no oh my gosh
basically the light on us do it lighting
in here
Jana kind of color you have like figure
out a hair color yeah alright propone
kid if I need a hair care spray I think
green dude green yeah green click the
color that everyone has kinda want to
think you think I'm sorry
fuck you sorry I mean I've done blue
I've done the yellow luring haven't done
so degree and identity is pink punk
ain't getting like hey just plug in 2017
yeah very woke everybody like a hot pink
and then whatever's left I'll put them
on my mustache
yeah anything never looks prettier I
don't have a stash anymore all right so
we're getting fake piercings are getting
tattoo sleeves what else
okay maybe missus on nipple rings
definitely to be safe probably for you
yeah
what tattoo is about what does you ever
say agave abilities
this was actually done I like want to
give it as a real passion this is a blue
ink ooh that's cool yeah like sprout
Afghan yeah I could meet a beta one
zartmann hey I got a lot we're do all
the colors all right Romania it's not a
Halloween time again some more punk edit
materials you know not even close
olivine on how to play Sega business
nomads great artists
so we sit nice and the coffin oh my god
so it was JA for some people go Jenna
and look at something like wow there's
only populism this is a spooky story I'm
running a light my fun there's like a
half on it up well that's a mirror oh my
god
Oh crystal Aziz what articulate it get
out of here I can't last if I go down
look thank you cool do you think people
take me seriously when I'm wearing this
because I have gums and looks but you do
okay
do you think you're through Marino what
have you forgot your way I forget I wear
it just like some guy fits you super
well which is a good thing get your
knuckles sex oh there's a reef a chicken
dinner chicken dinner are you oh my god
okay alright what do you think I think I
figured all the gears looks like broken
does it come on you might might lift my
things off okay this give me the chicken
air mask how did my look easy
thank you pretty great let's go blue
mouse Glen encoder Jenna Julian
so we did Punk at it in our lives this
is what I look like we just filmed in
this video doing this and this was a lot
of fun but fire is like really close to
the camera you guys hot are you okay
you let me know how do you do that this
little cupcake right there I like this
look my ticket to VidCon we'll see ah
but it is editing time and now is also
the time where we slowly realized VidCon
tomorrow so we're leaving a VidCon
tomorrow we see the house ready get
everything kind of an order so pretty
I'm prepared but I guess that's okay
because I'm all fucking cat it up now we
might get another party Pub G stream in
tonight because I was so much fun
classified I don't get a thing with a
lot of fun because I think for a long
time I watched you guys make punk edits
of people including us I think they've
always looked up so I've been interested
to try that so I'm taking a moment to
enjoy this beautiful summer night
because it is essentially summer now by
the fire in my pocket time before I stop
procrastinating and go clean you like
daddy's new tattoos you get down with
punk daddy God why do i how do we love
this guy so much he's such a good little
guy I'm gonna go on the table peachy's
not for you now watch out alright give
him some space
just a punkin you can't lie he was a boy
did I make it anybody the dogs are out
so this is a little soft you ever any
real good morning it's like midnight
listen wait there's a fuck out here just
get the fuck out of here hyouta guy
seriously we don't have time to lose any
more technique we're doing that Haji
party dream part 2 and we're playing
with Michael or priori and we just got
chicken dinner so we have to put on the
chicken mask that we bought earlier I
didn't think we're going to get to get
to use it
but we did we got chicken in our game
circuits our game in pronouncing back in
the rafters
fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh good little talking isn't
all over the threw it all up in the
middle of all that bigoted guided
you
