a little birthday boy
happy birthday Carmen are you 17 whoa
you already have a birthday why don't
you walk over there take a seat over
there hey not for you
that's what you just gotta see here's a
great day one so what do you want to do
for your birthday today huh
didn't forget there's no medicine in
here because we have to refill but you
can have it so hot - happy birthday
not you we know it's your birthday happy
birthday he makes like that noise
because he's so excited when we take him
along
is it your birthday
it's 100 degrees today and we had to we
had to like sit and cool off the car
because Kermit was getting so hot I
think tomorrow it's officially summer
and what feeling it but we're at Maxwell
dog again for a third and final birthday
party of the year for our dogs today
thick clothing so cat or a friend
thinking I need socks potato it's pretty
hot girls impalas Kermit's a funny guy
because he's playful like peach but he's
a lot older and weaker and so he when he
plays he's like so dainty and he likes
tiny toilets because his mouth can't
really grip bigger toys sitting we
should find him some smaller urban
thighs twice oh my gosh this is such a
dainty little kind of do it he fielded
these are like old mentally yeah they
need to grip tip so huh why does he not
want to play with her he just looked
America a little treat what is that
Tanya come with like bunion I think he
likes it far
you're missing a 15 does it feel odd is
okay alright we picked up Kermit's
birthday stuff he's pretty easy some
shoes and toys I think that'll be in
then we'll go home and have them some
little meat meat cake for his birthday
and candles and I gotta warm up the car
sorry from AC though because it is hot
as
pretty hot yeah we got to discuss that
you like it's not very exciting but
that's all that you like huh your simple
guy with simple needs attention wasn't
on sale too far otherwise we would have
all yes look if you could just get me a
blanket Sailor Moon wonderful exactly
except I want it to be you're buying
yeah we want this to be made out of a
few I'm sorry look so pretty well you
took yet really thick sacred to seize
we're making burgers and fries for
dinner we got almost the whole crew here
that's the back of sham Chris and Jeff
are in the other room we're actually
making homemade fries I don't think how
do you remain homemade fries there oh so
I'm just an amateur here but yeah so we
made these nice take-up riser we're
going to make here we got the burgers
and then later if we feel like it we'll
think
kermin happy birthday mom well did you
find it you like yeah what what what
about it he literally circled around
slightly plop on
Rilke moment rock-a-bye french fries
looks like an art piece I just want to
take it all in once or bit then I just
want to understand Columbia yeah oh you
got you got your Thursday citing every
French right from scratch Chris is this
your first vegan burger um my first
vegan burger in this house
yeah drinking right we were talking
about impairment what time is it
they're all the birthday surprise aren't
for you you already had your birthday so
one for good luck all right bud can be
birthday to you
finally my birthday oh your birthday boy
is regarding like the wolf and invited
moment into her 7 years old you're
forming on a jacket
oh yeah it's actually kind of like it's
sweet but it's kind of really for done
with all three birthdays like we don't
worry about here
y'all stand it we made it we made it
through birthday month we could teach
like getting her position just in case
happy birthday month it is now over the
dark I've done it we did we have for
this year we for burnt dog birthdays I
just behaving did you got me with the
camera here I was trying to try to you
really i won
I love me I'm here alone with this and
she didn't touch it here's bird that
deer was on hey Chris Junio birthday
wishes for a minute Kermit um wish him
lots of success in his future endeavors
and I hope that he gets exactly what he
wants
the next we can have cool yeah
Kermit you're a great person I feel like
it shows and all you do you gonna watch
this time dancing gonna be pretty
profound right couldn't eat you wanna go
outside it's like get me the out of
here I came it kind of you I doll Farrah
you took an old man oh my god
anything yeah
do we have one darn eating on the table
we have learned our translators where
they hang us and we have one dog sitting
there like a human hey what's that what
that was over there
what okay stop it Chris hey doing great
so you saw a shot you can project but I
think my character oh wow that's close
they were dragging they don't doubt it
okay why she and doing gotta be doing it
yeah I was going off jumps okay no one
do mad at me
Jen you're playing ha ha ha
careful thank you figure last 16 arrived
last in the face we probably my greatest
treat
jenny was like if she wants to buy the
bath right here oh my god exactly where
you are just keep the look out
came alive oh oh oh wait third please
are you the only one left how much you
get top 300 I've never gone top three
and solo ever remember Watergate what
the hell is first game over a third
place
you
