all right so I'm sitting here at this
workstation his father's dead happy
Father's Day to all the fathers out
there I'm sitting here this workstation
that I've created right now and to
celebrate Father's Day I am working on
perfecting the perfect vegan baking
recipe and I'm almost there all right so
this batch is just about done this is
what the final product looks like I've
not only is this the best tasting I've
gotten vegan bacon to get by making it
but it's the best looking it looks like
bacon and I've always thought ever since
and vegan the hardest thing to find
recreated in plant-based form hold on
one sec your battery is low so I need to
switch it and so my goal has been to
make bacon as similar as it used to tick
so we're right now I think we're in a
good spot I'm not going to show the
recipe of how I made it until I think I
perfected it because I want to give you
guys the best possible recipe we're
making BLTs for lunch as you said it's
review of beef
I'm so excited
cards I'm going to make mine now but I
think we've gotten pretty close to the
right texture this is this is the the
Father's Day BLT we're doing right now I
think it's pretty good I think almost
like the flavor is good the texture is
good the consistency is good how are you
all right there's no podcast time we're
going to do a dab themed podcast in
celebration of dads day and right after
the podcast I am running over to do
something kind of cool I'm meeting up
with a good friend Grizzly Martin who is
a photographer who we met many many
years ago at playlist and we see him
every playlist every year and I'm going
to shoot with him for a t-shirt this is
a collaboration that I teased maybe a
few weeks ago with scramble by Jujitsu
an apparel company that I love and have
worn their stuff for so many years like
four or five years now I've been wearing
their stuff and we collaborated on a
really cool shirt I never do photo
shoots and Grizzly Martin is one hell of
a photographer so I think it'll be a lot
of fun first podcast and photo shoots
then Jim then Chris and Shane come to
town whoop I were here doing the photo
shoot already
we're getting going this is the most
legit home setup I've ever seen that's
crazy right over there hey guys
multitasking lates insiders login take
pictures of me
after in the middle of this shot where
we're trying to shoot the back of the
t-shirt which it's pretty dope
got the main design we're getting
clipping oh my God we're getting Clippy
I think it's going to work there should
get one of these shirts that does not
come with a clip okay
I think that honestly might not be my
favorite this one but the fence this is
a jujitsu seam shirt with the G Justin
brand I thought it was appropriate to
bring at least part of the key for this
shoot so now we're going to do a few
shots where I'm wearing my keypads and
I'm wearing this bad boy this is sure
about officially good thank you no
problem um where can you find you I
presume are we still filming yeah so you
got your instagrams Edwards and Martin
you got your Twitter's a grizzly Martin
you got your YouTube's / grizzly Martin
let's choose these two E's so easy to
explain it close off the top oh my god
how hot is it right happy 98
also cool awful bit nice shooting with
grizzly is done so I've never actually
formally done a photo shoot with grizzly
we've shot at playlist a number of times
because he works the playlist event and
he has for a lot of years and I think a
lot of you probably know him from that
but it's really rad to finally shoot
with him formally in his home studio
really happy with some of the pictures
we got I really wanted to make this
release for this short special ah
because it's been a number of years
since I gave you guys like a Julian
t-shirt and I know there's been a lot of
a lot of you asking for it and I wanted
to wait till the right company wanted to
collaborate and when scramble asked me
if I want to make sure with them it was
like not even a question because I love
scramble so this shirt drops June 27th
this is the Julian follow me 2x scramble
tee and I am hot it is 98 degrees hmm
it's so excited when you baby
are you excited right there right here
see what that looks so bad let me play
with my bag no oh oh getting a test
literally no oh my god were you looking
at the top at the time you could have
just been gone sorry I missed your Babu
you know I just thought of every time we
look at Marvel it's a bird's eye view
alright it is fit fitness time we're
doing the fitness thing but you were
dressed for fitness fun fact we took a
bath last night and use a bath bomb and
the bath bomb has this new feature where
it makes a crackling noise and we
thought the bathtub was cracking so we
jumped out and drained it and then
realized for that bomb makes that noise
and the mature the lukewarm bath
because all the hot ever done just a fun
little story a cool anecdote right it's
fun right
we literally thought about this cracking
what's all good bomb it was a thing
y'all no one is just like a
lemon-scented one or something Julianne
picked it out and the woman didn't tell
us I don't think someone should tell you
it at lush whenever you buy Liz I was
like hey just so you know it's gonna
sound like you're falling through your
hot tub it literally sounded like the
bathtub was falling through the floor
yeah it is like it sounds like we have
it coming
it sounded like glass cracking like it
was horrifying screams oh god maybe the
water sleeping it's like maybe we had a
newer construction place you would be
feel concerned but with this house I
know everything yes we're gonna go work
off that energy we got going on to
energy I'm on Monday to joke
we're going we're stopping to get some
food at the food of whole because we
have no food we're going to whale food
if we had no food super whales like us
well like me you're not a whale on the
whale look at all this blubber it's you
turtle where I boil
you guys want to go through a wad
