you have it a birthday slim truck
are you having a birthday party here Lou
come in come at night you do okay
hi guys it's a hundred degrees out oh
thank you good
he's boiling hot it's first dark he
tracks all this fun
oh yeah I must feel good but huh the
water's still not even cold
taking the dog swimming because it's
Petey's birthday today I don't know mama
you would you appreciate it could you
wearing a fur coat summer
yeah I'm hot it's not 100 degrees on mom
Petey turns three today three years old
I've had peach for nearly three years
and I honestly can't believe it
so today is going to be about
celebrating the lovely little lady or
just ran away from Vicky don't know I'm
wet is he your birthday is it birthday
Mama's could kick in that pool all day
I'm sweating just for being outside like
ten minutes it's so hot two years and
ten months ago
I picked this little lady up from the
airport and she was chilling in her cage
not even crying fresh off of five hour
flight in cargo now she's three and
she's such a wonderful lovely little
lady companion every single day all
Kermit's on it Herman Sonya oh he's
going in
Herman long time now male enjoyed it you
know enjoy it with over
full again
great is the middle name hi we like to
give our dogs wonderful treatment while
they act like it's torture how are you
it's even nicer now than it was when we
found your video because it's even hard
yeah he's on vacation
oh yeah we have a couple things that we
need to get done right now and later on
the afternoon oh two minutes to spare
later on the afternoon we're going to
take peach to the doggy shop and spoil
her it is her turn to have birthday
festivities still nothing in the fridge
nothing appears randomly
well yeah model likes to pull I don't
understand why all of them don't like it
yeah no food in here either so I'm
hungry tight actually right now I have a
Skype call to talk with kami from free
radicals because we are going to plan
out the next few months and kind of
reconnect about pin talk pimping what
pins are coming out and designs and
releases and everything like that so hey
oh my god crack elbows whole wall with
belt boy with the boys the only voice
you don't offer me and mobile is and
maybe we just kind of crack open a cold
one with the boy sometimes - do you want
to get spoiled later got me in class
catch you look what you guys
my item remember - we go members later
in the day yeah yeah she's a burger
cleanser oh man
John Petey are you shivering it's your
birthday you should be excited not only
she's just nervous generally just think
she likes a long time but she gets
nervous with our brothers because she
doesn't know what to do
she's just a little follower in the pack
are you sharing it as a birthday shivers
booty shooters
hey Gigi were going to Murph auntie she
thinks he's having on the car we're
going to bed another that for your
birthday one we get a shot one percent
of the time you get in the car you go
that's good no but it's 99% of what's
your homers area PG we're going to the
same place mommy daddy got em oh you
want to go get another ad no nothing
will top ad ever
we also are completely out of greenies
which is their favorite treat and we've
been giving it to them it's like a
little bedtime snack and the last couple
of nights we have an atom so they're
just like hey guys like real quick what
the fuck where's our drugs or that he
knows that they come out of it sit there
and cry yeah they can go from absolutely
tired and passed out on the couch - when
we walk over the greenie drawer - just
like literally kangaroo jumping off of
us yeah and then saying why did you
write you have a little small mouth
peach have we made it right here we're
gonna get our spoiled and good I just
carryin her across the blacktop because
it's literally a hundred degrees today I
wanted to burn our little footsies go
baby
hi oh happy birthday
yeah there's a little like birthday cake
since I hope you guys pop thank you they
made it just for you
cancer boy look at us working stuff all
right Pete you are you the birthday boy
QRF to play with Debbie hey you wanna
shop why do you not care who it is maybe
your favorite Partridge how to choose oh
she's not City what are you trying to do
you are beyond the vlog babe teacher
seems mom forgot about your birthday
cook there's cat hey maybe sometimes
nothing I looked up oh my god don't be
so disappointed let's go so peach can
crack open a folder with a boy Petey one
crack open a cold one with the boys
that is right here this is we're adding
some crime since we're at the pet store
I think were to get add some toys we got
85 things for peach and a taco for ad
it's her birthday today you know when I
got you I just wanted to thought I
didn't know we're going to get a
sweetest little baby friend I ever could
imagine I like I liked Carmen and I
wanted a Kermit and instead I got you
and I can't believe how lucky I was
fully prepared for another Carmen and
then we got peach and she's completely
different than Kermit and is like the
happiest surprises the happiest most
wonderful a totally different
personality but yeah and I think it's so
funny like I fell in love with the
tangrams read-through Kermit and so I
wanted one and when I got one like it's
funny to think that like I was just
ordered I was getting a dog and I had no
clue what the dog's gonna be like and it
turned out to be just like the happy
wonderful lady I didn't even know I
needed this I wanted a dog but I didn't
know I needed this dog and I have you
and all the niggas could be like as
outgoing as I know because all you have
to judge about a minute start pet her
yeah she literally like beelined it for
this girl in the testimony she despised
all skittish eggy tendencies like she
just loves people
yeah she's she's a little blonde
exception to the the weird eggy rule I
didn't know that I needed a goal until
we got her she just had like the most
wonderful first of sunshine energy ever
she's always a great friend she like
trailing lives in the moment yeah where
I told you that analogies like when you
look in the backseat in karma it's like
crying freaking out mom's for young Pete
is just chilling you can live your life
like marbles or you could live your life
like Church - great it's not funny
enough TV plus everything happened
there's two types of people in the world
there's the Kermit's in the backseat and
then there's a
a barracks in the back please be a PG a
peach you have to eat trees off of a
plate with an Asiana my keep it from
Sirius XM radio gamma this and sent it
to it in the mail because he found it in
New York and I just I just I just said
the AG's off of this yeah we need to
know no more going Big Easy off of that
we're gonna put that someone knows where
are you birthday outfit wow it's so
pretty huh
this is your your birthday I thought you
saw me presents babies right time 3 to
the baby huh thanks me pinky whatever I
ride for your birthday here's your first
kid it's a doc and we can play with and
your other get to the world but you can
play rough we see now daddy and mommy
when were in the living room to many
many more years with you lady happy
birthday thank you
she wants the rest of retreat fat
half-assed shake that you just did is my
mood happy
