there's no blog today but I wanted to
talk to you and it's ridiculous outside
so I wanted to do it outside yesterday
marked my and Jenna's four year
anniversary of officially dating I asked
her to be my girlfriend four years ago
yesterday and anyone who's ever been in
any sort of relationship or honestly
anyone who's had an anniversary that was
important to them whether it was
sobriety or the marking of a certain
very special date that's important to
you an anniversary is a really personal
thing and even though we were we were
kind of unofficially dating for a little
bit before that date yesterday was an
important day and it's an important day
for me as much as it is for Jenna you
know it it's a day that we'll always
remember as something that marks the
start of something amazing something
that we love and something kind of our
life has been so changed by and for me
anniversaries extend only through this
relationship I've never really had
anniversaries before being Jenna and
dating Jenna has showed me what love is
I've fallen completely in love with her
over and over and four years later I'm
still as happy as I ever was in fact I
get happier every day with her a lot of
traditions that people have in
relationships are often really private
but that goes kind of against what we do
for a living I put my life out there
almost every day for a living and Jenna
does the same and has been doing it for
so many years I wanted to make this
video because I feel like yesterday when
I got a lot of happy anniversaries from
hundreds of you guys on Twitter and
twitch and everywhere I was yesterday on
the internet it sort of just like
made me feel like I was like I was
getting it sort of made me feel like I
was receiving like incredibly nice
treatment for just being in a
relationship the more I thought the more
I thought about him the more I thought
about it I kind of you know said to
myself like 99.9999% of the world go
through their life and their moments and
their anniversaries and those special
times by themselves and they share with
one person maybe family maybe a large
family maybe a small family and some
friends but they don't get to have other
people that they don't personally know
be happy for their relationship and I
know that a lot of you find comfort and
find happiness in watching our
relationship from the internet and I
think that's a really cool thing we're
here at this point on my relationship
with Jenna and I that is really good I'm
really trying to find some words that
accentuate how I'm feeling and I'm
sweating because it's 99 degrees outside
the feeling is positive that I got
yesterday and it's positive not just
because you guys were telling me happy
anniversary
but it's positive because I feel like
what I've been doing on my channel and
vlogging and sharing my life and being
genuine with you is working and I only
mean that in a sense of like me being me
translates through this camera you see
me as I am and when you give your life
and so much of it to the internet and
put it out into the void that you like
once you put it out there it's out there
there's always a sense of worry and
self-doubt that kind of can creep up on
you that maybe you're not being heard
right or maybe people see you
differently than you are and I think in
a lot of instances I've felt that
whether it's from a certain video or
certain feedback to some videos or just
just doing this for years and years and
years and then starting to doubt
yourself and yesterday felt like a good
reminder that maybe I'm doing ok to that
and that's I think what was so important
to me about hearing you guys
congratulate us yesterday there's so
much on the internet and I'm not an
outspoken person on the Internet and I
and I like like it that way I don't ever
want to be someone who's mining someone
else's business or doing things for
attention
I'm here to create I'm here to push
myself and I'm here to connect with you
whoever you are you might be different
than you were yesterday or you might be
I'm entirely different person but my
goal has always been and and I try to
remind myself so it will always be to
create honest content show you an
unfiltered look at the part of my life
that I'm willing to put on the internet
and in return get back some of you and
that for me is fulfilling and it's a
huge huge huge reason why I take up the
camera still and I can I have no plans
of stopping and I'm I'm happier in this
in this position than I ever thought I
could be
my butt is burning
Cave Marana so many of my vlogs I think
focus on what I'm seeing my day what's
in front of me where I'm going just
everything that I see and want a
document or things that I have to say
but I rarely take time to kind of really
pause and looking weird about this whole
vlog scope of what we've created and
what I willingly take part in all the
time I just want you guys to know that
in like the most basic human sense you
investing in me Julian the human being
and my life and what I love and what I
hate and what I do and what I don't do
you investing in that keeps in Clearview
what I'm supposed to be doing every day
and it's incredibly easy from personal
experience to lose sight of things and
goals and just everything in life
sometimes but that is one thing that I
feel has kept me so focused and grounded
and happy in like the most stripped-down
sense of the word
so for that thank you for telling the
happy anniversary yesterday it meant a
lot more than you probably thought and I
hope there are many more anniversaries
to relive that experience with so
forgive the lack of the vlog today I
just wanted to sit down chat with you
and I hope you got something out of this
because I certainly did so thank you
