last night I was laying on the couch and
my glasses were to the right of me on
the armrest but there's a pillow on top
of their glasses somehow and I leaned on
them like an ape and cracked them so now
my glasses are broken all to hell this
is where the main break is right here
this see that that just broke and then
the lens popped out and it's a screw
right here so it's all already clashed
it's not a pretty fox can't even wear em
this is what I look like when I wear I'm
completely disoriented because one lens
is in and one was out so I need to fix
this
like soon I put some clip in extensions
and gold you know I'm living I wasn't
taking this many vitamins y'all where we
going lunch crafters and fries my horse
and dirty dog look at this this is like
dry shampoo and dead skin all flaking
out of my hair you look hot because haha
we should go to the grocery store get a
couple things - well - get it and get a
couple things we have nothing in the
house and I'm trying to eat healthy
healthy like
what do you want to eat for dinner you
look so cute I wish I could look like
that be a girl
I put you in drag okay nothing off an
interview it's gonna be you guys are
good all better I'm eating a copy we're
doing
as Phil dick
our good friend Jason and gabs got
married this week another wedding gift
for Jason ah we decided since his PC
that he's been using the game is in his
it was lent to him by a friend and his
friend needs it back we're helping him
build his new PC so we're going surprise
to basically start the build we got some
of the parts we're going to put it all
together and hang out and fries well I
already dropped Jason's little baby off
take off that baby take off that baby
tomorrow and he's a full baby folks with
all his baby pieces Jason come here as a
windall he will be able to see it
tonight little build I can't see
anything at all
nice little evening and we're cooking
some soup for dinner
nothing like a nice hot summer soup said
me and only me ever we talked about
having super dinner earlier and it was
like 90 degrees but it's cooled off so
we feel a little less gross about eating
soup for dinner
I never feel exciting to put it we make
it hot and sour soup all of this stuff
is so good terma what's up crying out
according to have dinner and then for a
nice little change of pace I'm going to
be playing some player no this is the
most addicted I've ever been to a video
game ever even rocket League was in this
bed
but the streams may be multi stream with
Chris and I have that to look forward to
first I had soup to look forward to I
was amazed that when I brought my
glasses in today how quick they take
them out they just popped the lenses out
brought them in the back Amy a pair
wasn't free though probably has a milk
because straight out of milk its course
Argentina looks like nothing about that
is milk its milk will get in our milk
absolutely my favorite part of this
recipe is how the tofu blends with the
milk
serves their third evolve gently every
mouth is time the dark
yeah hit me with that hot and sour soup
boy Kermit you got a flex nobody feeds
you child what's wrong with it I don't
know can we return it yeah I just got to
find the right address
he didn't come from amazon prime there
was already oh yeah yeah hey we're
driving right was it a joke - Jeremy
okay I actually touched that's what you
got to die around it's so good delicious
coalition all right - a couple bites and
a lot of let cool awesome just gonna sit
here whoo look at it so today I actually
spent some time creating and uploading
new twitch emotes we're revamping all of
our twitch emotes so I added I think
five today and we're doing I think like
10 or 11 more maybe more so the tuition
was going to have all new modes and
we're revamping the sub badge and logo
so if you subscribe to our twitch
channel you'll know what I'm talking
about but basically you're going to have
a whole new set of cool things for a
subscriber I'm really excited because a
lot of the emotes are a lot better for
more like the current first off and more
reactionary second off which is so much
fun and like twitch chat so look forward
to that get a finish the soup and then
get on the pub G with Chris and
hopefully the emotes will be ready and
approve dependent if not I'll just
continue burning my mouth on the soup my
little shadow follows me everywhere I go
she's not here Gil he's upstairs
we just trained for over three hours and
had 900 people at one point it was
insane that it was like such an
incredible stream there's a couple
things happening with our twitch stream
one we're playing
I sound like something's wrong one we're
playing one of the most popular games on
site right now G player unknowns
battlegrounds is by far one of the most
popular games that I've ever
participated in most of the popular
games as I go through twitch cycles I
don't really take part in this has been
one of them and we made it eight on the
pub G page on the front page of Twitch
which is crazy but it was so much fun so
many of you guys are there and that time
goes by on the stream we did make a
quick announcement that this shirt is
back in stock so you can get one and you
want one I'll link it I think I'm going
to blow myself to sleep now
it's a 1/3 bowl of soup
