I finally got all of that makeup off of
my face how do people do makeup every
day I don't understand I woke I prayed
to a nice big early delivery these three
boxes came and I am can't even explain
how excited to open them I will open
them in just a few minutes and I want to
show you what's inside of them a bunch
of you who saw Gemma's video today I had
drag makeup on all night and when I say
all night I like literally mean all
night like we did the makeup took a
couple hours then I didn't take it off
for a couple hours and then when I went
to bed it still wasn't all the way off I
like em truly in all that people can do
makeup everyday let alone intense heavy
drag makeup like that but it was fun I'm
like sitting here like acting like I was
traumatized it was fun we had a good
time also huge shout out to you you
right there because you got yesterday's
vlog to trend the birthday vlog for
marbles hit the turning page I actually
went on the coming page as I do a lot of
Thursday's to see if Jenna trended and I
was looking for the drag video to see if
it attended and I found our vlog I was
like what that was really really cool so
I just wanted to thank you for that I
hope everyone is hydrating and having
their orange juice the way it was
intended to be had now this glorious
pulp and goodness the way it came out
orange don't censor my orange juice I
will fight this til the day I die anyway
right now I am in the process of
coloring the fourth episode of last
minute trips it's all edited and we are
posting or posting it the day this vlog
comes out so it'll be coming out today
for you we shoot our episodes of last
night trips in a colour profile like
this and when I color it I'm able to
test different color looks profiles
tones out for each shot and each kind of
section of the whole video so it doesn't
look boring the whole time
but you can kind of get creative so once
I'm done with that I'm going to open
these packages let's go see Kermit how
did you get here
dunno begin
do you keep moving oh she's so sweet
being good girl I don't know if we're
supposed to tell Debbie but she's been
sleeping in the bed with us and she
loves it
this is my new drama bag
all right so my knee drone has arrived
that's what the box was and I haven't
upgraded equipment this intensely for a
long time this is the inspire - made by
DJI we actually shot on the strong once
before we shot on the inspire - for
episode 2 of last minute trips the
inspire one was on Episode one and three
of last-minute trips and after shooting
with the inspire - this baby right here
I realize that I need to have it is no
nude yeah I can't play any much to do a
power nap before extreme aggression
screaming - shut up side of the log
Chillingworth method won't let me go
hard on duo's or juice lies a little
cocky so twitch guys absolutely crush
the shit as a new double-a s iPhone as
it goes what in so weird
I'll just take a snapshot of these pin
packages because uh we finished the
twitch stream and my phone is going so
slow Oh kinda quit tight I should the
longest twitch stream I've ever done we
tried to censor my orange you can fuck
like I'll hate when people are like nope
oh no Paul please get it ah dude dude
dude you know is that what you hear
four hours just over four hours and it
was so fun
players are known battlegrounds is just
incredible and addicting and so fun and
so many of you guys like it too like you
guys like watching it which is so rad so
I just played for four hours and uh it's
good time by the Chris michael.lowe
priori who is hilarious and my answer
from laughing I really took advantage of
the time I had today and played video
games I'm like weirdly not tired Oh
chickens I can actually see myself dude
how do I work this phone that's enough
out of you all right I'm gonna send the
file here it is right there for ya
that's when it trips for exporting it
right now
something really satisfying about that
um so this vlog is going to go up and at
3 p.m. today you can watch this so I'm
going to link it in the description love
for you guys go check it out can't wait
to hear your reaction I feel like this
time around last-minute trips became
something so much more complete it's 19
minutes long it has a much bigger story
and the experience is much more vivid
and real and documented I'm just really
excited so we are done it is going up
and that that's all that's all for me
what do you got what do you got to give
in NEX it again sick so I don't know if
I've ever done one of these drives to do
things with life I have a hundred
percent not I think you just shout as
loud as you can
I was just about to roll my window oh my
god is so funny
I'm glad you look at the size of my
french fries egg questions not to ask at
a drive-in I'm asking you shut the trunk
we can keep the trailer I knew how many
with us hey man where you lived
you got any kids no matter where your
kids oh man what are you looking at my
pain our yo where's the bathroom like in
here hey I got yet one more barbecue
sauce yeah let me possible thanks man
put the question to ask and I get one
more barbecue sauce and two better
attitudes so when we order through the
machine is it monitored or is it on the
honor system alright help you I'm not
trying to eat I just need a place to
park this is because that Google kind of
parking this isn't really a question but
just as soon as I bring the food you
just swing the door okay Chinese fire
drill oh yeah I'll take unleaded okay so
like how fast can you go with this thing
attached
Oh
