yes I mean you probably want to go to
that maybe you birthday is it your
birthday well technically no but it kind
of is right it's sort of models birthday
today and I say sort of because it was
yesterday but I got home last night we
didn't have the day to celebrate so
today it was a beep 9th birthday
celebration we're taking them to a
little doggy shop getting some treats
get them a cake for the candles maybe an
outfit and when you're leaving you at
home every time is one of their
birthdays we just take the birthday dog
and leave the other two we're going to
head out in just a sec and begin the
celebration he's extra handy on his
birthday he knows when it's his birthday
my boat it's your birthday happy
birthday muffled humming awesome chickie
oh hello there this is your birthday
there's no other dog even though it's
the day after his birthday we don't know
if these are all truly spoiled marble I
got home last night sorry I missed your
birthday but we're going to make it up
to you I'm going to spoil you nice and
good boy he knows look at it we're going
to the place where you got a stack that
we huggums like from the balloons and
the woman in here is like we told the
owner of the Maxwell dog or whatever you
like laughs really hard really yeah yeah
that is where we got this blue yeah
are we going to you Alicia get in the
black bar the boutique members in it you
want to go to the Marvel is such a
simple man that he's like a little
difficult to spoil you know like you
can't get him extravagant things because
he just likes the basics is a simple man
probably you want time
Yolo egg how do you want to egg clear
pretended that what you wanted yeah oh
you're so sweet and like I think he does
I get a birthday with the blue small one
okay and then the yellow and blue one of
the little Dumber they're so nice
looking oh we got your friend what you
want to Starbucks I was you seem a
little grumpy you are and coffee huh oh
my god I'm thinking leaning towards no
but there is a at corrector and you want
to be corrected Airlines yuck bitter
this teacher mommy I'm going oh my god
oh my god yeah looks like marble size it
is double my level how do you like your
new little run wrong room we should get
it definitely okay Nick
and she's n eternally attend it can be a
bad and a car seat
my god you're so chill with it he like
doesn't mind it at all can just relax
baby I mean it was sort of a joke the
key press he doesn't want to walk any I
mean I know you're an old man this is
like just kind of really like for my god
forbid like an entire and another
I have a suitcase dog one of those
people now I loved it - teeth on that
and I'm dating one of those people now
so I'm also one of those people that oh
my god he's cruising go conquer you can
clean it
he's not the one he let her pet him here
in the suitcase
he's still relaxed now I can't even
marketing modifications here I give it
some big wheels and it started off as a
joke it's not really a joke anymore is
it I always saw people with these like
in the airports and like boxes Never Say
Never
it's like strap the seatbelt through
that and it's a car seat all right you
go there you go you buckle up yeah baby
you might want to send the bags I think
this on seats taken you a suitcase dog
now alright so it is time for Marvel's
candles we intended on doing this a
little while ago but I got incredibly
sad tracted with editing and now here we
are are you supposed to put candalyn
it's like legit rock hard
Oh guys we have an extra dog in the
house right now it is guilty I know why
do you guys know Yogi's kill Z here oh
yeah is Debbie's dog and we're watching
her for a few days and she's being a
good girl like guilty if Debbie's
watching guilty say hi mommy there's
cake in now for you know it's models for
dogs to just quadruple the amount of fun
that we would normally have this is
getting stuck now I don't know why you
think this is for you but it is so not
here we go there flow and babies are
flowing good I did take an editing break
play players on gnome Chris and we got
some chicken dinner we want six seven
eight nine ah the cake of splitting and
one for good luck
happy birthday miles we can't find the
birthday hat we don't know where I went
yeah it's like heavier than his head Oh
here we go oh my goodness Marvell feel
Shelly in silly hat is your breath happy
birthday happy birthday to you
hey I'm turning into a big fire but my
birthday's getting everything ok to be
fair that was like I was like someone
taking into a giant bonfire for your
with and having a giant blow it out and
we can't save this it's gonna go bad
well I said has a shelf life like six
months
oh let me know more another wonderful
year with mr. marbles I feel lucky to be
with him he's a great dog
