on the road again thousands of the ends
of an old road yeah that's my favorite
part I think that's the new Midland
track we are going to the airport right
now we're flying all the way to the top
of Wisconsin where is it where we work
we have a layover Salt Lake City we
could take a nice break and have some
near beer we're going on Wisconsin
you're not on the moon if there's cheese
well wait a sec I know I'll just suck it
across onto the freeway we're checking
our bags there's one thing I always do
like on trips as I put travel notice on
my bank and I wanted to do it last night
but I like didn't know where we needed
to the verbing airport and I'm sitting
here because I found a spot the
Birmingham Board is great because it's
so empty all the time and it's tiny and
it's easy one of the perks is you get
like a right up close view at the runway
so the runway is like and out there so
I'm just I'm sitting here watching
planes we have our stuff over there
columns over there we had a snack we are
getting ready to go to Wisconsin this is
my first time I was confident and I'm
really excited we're going to be filming
the whole time and we have a lot of cool
things that people have suggested so far
one of which is going to cave an ice
cave now I don't know the logistics is
going to ice caves in June but we'll see
I definitely want to check out some
caves though I think that would be rad
but I am just taking in the view of all
these claims right now because it is
relaxing and nice I wish I was over
there playing spotting them because you
can see them laying right over you a
helicopter the helicopter landing in
here what the
so funny it was actually nice idea I get
to make the vlog we just got into the
Minneapolis Airport we realize that
there's 30 minutes for a place called
pizza Luce closed pizza Luce is the
joint out here that I had once before
when I was in Minnesota and it was oh my
god and we would prefer that than fast
food right now so we're going to try to
make it first stop in our rental car
Robert yeah so we're in Minneapolis
right now and we hunted for food last
night up until 4:00 a.m. because we got
in it like one and we struck out we went
to so many places and couldn't find
clear
it was actually kind of bubbling away
good story though and one of the places
we trying to get food ad with tcellucci
we're trying to now act in joining a
pizza awesome any people who say with
when we need Jenna Romer in Minneapolis
for Jenna's appearance University of
Minnesota and so happy I never thought I
was gonna get people which I am so
having it again and it's my breakfast
my dad my hamster captains are not on
that pot it's not baby
I'm listening to my baby I'm Arabia on
the water so cool about you are not cool
you're watching it
sorry very tiny scale of one finger hand
coming how much do you like seeing hers
I feel like this about it two fingers
and thumbs up
so we made it to our place for the night
it's this boat on the dock in Bayfield
and I kid you not the moment we got here
I was blown away with what I was seeing
like this town is just so beautiful like
wow I've never been to a place like this
oh hey another thing I've learned very
quickly hi I'm the captain I've learned
very quickly that as beautiful as
everything is I can't have a time lapse
on the boat do you see why we were just
getting settled in to our abode for the
night and already scoping out as much as
we can physically see right now I see
the Bayfield maritime museum I've seen
signs for the ferry I think tomorrow
will be a very packed day of exploring
but we're going to finish settling it
and then find something to get into
tonight all right
so I know that I haven't been feeling
too much vlog of this trip which is it's
just kind of hard to simultaneously vlog
and also shoot episode of last night
trips but we're at our hotel or our
motel rather it's the seagull Bay motel
in Bayfield Wisconsin it is our second
day here we were here yesterday and we
slept in a boat and after sleeping in a
boat it's kind of nice to have like an
actual room so we have this like
beautiful lakefront view and it's
literally just turning 10 a.m. right now
so we are going to figure out what we're
doing for today there's like a ferry
that goes to one of the other apostille
islands this is the group of islands
called the apostille islands and
supposedly the ferry is pretty cool but
it is like a long thing if I get
three-hour time commitment so we're
trying to figure out if we can do that
today because we have a lot that we want
to do probably just got coffee so I'm
feeling good
I think that picture is glued to the
wall no it's my clue to the wall I think
this picture is taking the farms
Bournemouth maybe potentially I don't
know you tell me
payment there we go well we're probably
brewed up by the lake
you know I guess big enough to like
create those storms it's not like
hurricane right
okay so today's plan included going
kayaking to go see some of the sea caves
which in the winter are actually ice
caves they freeze on the inside and so
we were all decked out we stopped at the
warehouse we pick up our gear we did the
training and right as we're about to go
out on the water we see a giant fell
storm clouds forming and not only
forming but forming fast and coming
directly towards the beach that were on
I feel a lot of different ways about
this number one holy it is so
cool-looking
I have envied storm chasers and what
they get to see with their eyes for so
long and I've never gotten to see
anything like this in my entire life
what's it I mean what's it looking it's
like we saw lightning one and the last
thing is we're out here filming
last-minute trips and my first thought
when something like this happens and
kind of gets in our plans
this becomes the plan one of the things
I love so much about doing these
episodes is how spontaneous it is and
how that aligns with me as a person
and a lot of times because of just like
how you plan your life and trips and
everything you don't get to enjoy
sometimes the spontaneity that's out of
your control and this is exactly that
it's spontaneity completely out of our
control and it's whether this is the
only thing we don't have control over
and I'm enjoying every second of it like
I know that sounds crazy like a storm
came and we can't kayak but I'm kind of
loving it watching this thing form is
blowing my mind I can't really I can't
really put into words how cool it is
Lake Superior is up there with one of
the largest body waters in the world and
two hours ago not a single cloud in the
sky and it was 85 degrees and then all
of a sudden it is cold on out it's like
50 degrees and this is the sky it's
insane to watch a change so fast like
right in front of our eyes
cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
tie tie tie tie tie hey Julian where do
we depart from in LA Burbank hey Julian
where do we fly back into when we get
home to LA oh yeah tie-dye tie-dye
tonight okay cool cool cool my car is at
Burbank Airport oh that's when you just
throw up one of these bad boys okay so
we were just driving I'm thinking to
myself how we're going to get home from
LAX then I remembered okay and we drove
to the airport and park the car but we
did that at Burbank Airport and we flew
out of Burbank and we're arriving in LAX
so we're going to arrive to LAX what
columns cars at the Burbank Airport
I tie tie tie tie I'm glad you
remembered now on our way back to
Minneapolis Airport to fly o me a rag
down there the middle area so we landed
I think you like what we're really all
like this we're now arriving LAX really
is oh cool cool cool cool to me I borrow
car tight
hey man last minute trips this is all I
got right now
it could be worse we could be flying
into LAX which is like somewhere in
Louisiana it could be worse we could be
flying into an airport where our cars at
another Airport huge energy wager in it
nope that's exactly what happened what
do you think your car is doing right now
I think it's I think it's taking a nap
yeah just lonely in Burbank and will be
until tomorrow we're not going to pick
it up Terry no I don't want to have to
go to three Airport in one day anyway
we're passing through Duluth the trip is
over
looking city like biggest city
oh my god it's like we're entering this
diet look at it though
look we're like how to drive into the
 x results balls
oh it's change
