I'll go to I'll go to chat three we saw
a comment asking which is that a
possible awful thing that's pretty
simple it's a waffle with a Paschal
she's amazing that we're leaving
tomorrow morning for episode four
I do read is going to be the biggest
episode of last-minute trips you've ever
done are you talking to your imaginary
friend again is that on my camera over
here you dropped your my last fake
eyelashes thanks you guys along I used
to have a series on snapchat where it
was Club where Jenna leave her lashes
and they were like all over the place
excited are you calm yeah
very your chests were dope we were in
skype group chats all morning with you
guys and chatting non-stop and it was
crazy and exciting this is a big big one
this is big looks like it'll be who it
would be nice if the dart ends up like
one town over so we can just take a Big
Blue Bus make it real simple we are
leaving tomorrow morning we're throwing
the dart at 9 a.m. sharp youtube.com
slash Moscow be there so that's our
throw this is the biggest episode yet no
question we must stick to the peach you
lay a little hat wait a little hat
probably like me and my company and
supported me not a company woman peach
if it's compared oh it's so bad girl bad
girl
fancy you Rory or not I can always add
who knows last minute so it's in the
final hours of like preparing for this
trip I like it's dawning on me right now
that I leave tomorrow
it always does like you prepare you
prepare you get everything ready but
then suddenly it's Thursday and you
leave Friday so we're recording Jenna's
radio show we're going to record a
podcast I'm getting all the gear ready I
think this might be the most gear we've
brought on the trip and
I'm really excited like feel great also
I don't know if you guys saw Jenna's
video trended which doesn't surprise me
and they wrote a little note and it says
in an epic dog verse hamster face-off we
find out if Marvel's the dogs elevator
goes all the way up to the top
well done YouTube oh yeah as you can see
this is an absolute fucking mess
also um I have new pins oh yeah yeah
let's get a camera sticks let's go I
want Yugi I didn't vote your left take
me to your corner baby looks like the
most exciting podcaster we've ever had
we're playing games
repeat the proper we're a rolling pin
the tail on the donkey
I really think on the dinky it's called
the dinky this is my pizza these are
having a pizza party there's a game room
a party hold on so Frankie stop party
shaking and cream Curnutt no you go back
home you'll get them at the laughs you
get me on the way down all right it's
going to be the most lip podcast of all
time
oh my god painting welcome back to the
Jenna and Julian podcast so scared
alright we need to make a few
last-minute trips tonight before our
last trip to LA and some errands to run
I gotta go to the AT&T store here we go
go to CBS they get it back here and tech
my face off that was such a fun podcast
I'm gonna miss that I really had fun on
that podcast oh that was like a blast we
like actually had a pizza party play
games and stuff
it was really fun this boy's gonna go up
at seven la time and at nine we're
throwing the dart I know so this much
times but that's why we're doing it that
was so Johnny I was just trying to pull
a turn so I can turn around and park on
the street instead up and trying to cut
me off and I was I was turning around
he's like he'll you're fucking up I was
like what you can't wait two seconds and
he's like fuck you it was like the
smallest I see he just started yelling
hi I'm glad he had somewhere important
to be so we got this Wi-Fi on time to
click with us on last minute tricks so
he can be stopped while I'm on the road
and I just tested out so it's not
working at the time fix it before
tomorrow when I bought it here I recall
getting a plan for it for like sorting
out a gig but maybe maybe I didn't I
thought I did we're in the car running
errands a lot a soul goes oh my god
welcome to my soul walk tutorial so
sometimes so water coming up in another
times it'll come about but it's all
harder sending it's a water pump for
confirmation the crocodile siren
bubbling in the cars robo case we
collision Wow god I'm so close and
different flavor get moving me come on
if there's anything mall loves it's all
slow-mo but you have to don't stone I
still have to pack backpack what do you
want to pack that pick a nice attack on
my gear I have to end the vlog I have
driver clothes and I would be Stan Lee
right you I don't have a bag for my
samurais
can I carry those on you think I should
go / some tires that should do
last-minute trips in a separate part
throw a samurai sword
and instead of a map just be columns
back good and then I really like to get
maybe a game of play around them yeah
it's just like driving me so hard to
pack right now otherwise I'm not gonna
have it all weekend I'm gonna cry in
fuck I'm gonna cry and publish I got
told to fuck off earlier we've all been
there at the awesome 40 point turn I was
lucky doing the heaven fantastic a turn
oh yeah hey huh so that makes a kay
actually it's an asterisk because oh oh
my god forever when you do not a move
the entire card this whole car open the
fridge door it at the gas station to get
a drink out and then it cut me let me
talk to my hospital apart so you it's an
omen I have more coming these are all
labels that I printed out - shit pins -
the winners of people who guessed the
right number on Twitch we played pub oh
I'm like vlogging with a pin right now
you haven't seen so there you go time to
actually pack my fucking face off
no stats no admin and no mods are
involved now Julian mustache watching
Chris stream right now and it's one of
the most entertaining team ever I'm like
envious that I can't play because I'm
packing but he just one they got chicken
dinner he's trying to give away a pop
socket on a stream and he keeps rolling
the dice and it keeps picking someone
who's like a mod or a part of his team
this is a rat so this is gear bag number
one this is my baby I carry this kind of
there we go this is gear bag number two
it's our backup to your bag this is gear
bag number three which we're fitting all
the heavy and the larger shit like
slider tripod etc my clothes will go
over there we got the Santa for pro
right there that's what we're taking on
this trip and the reason I can't really
finish packing tonight is because not
all of my batteries are charged sounds
awake oh my god goes here you wake it up
morning son you slept extra long do we
woke them up during this yesterday's
video
you such a good boy that's our time oh
you're such a good sleep so tired I love
all right I'm almost done packing I'm
almost done packing all right
well I have somewhere to be pretty soon
where no idea but I got to beat it
