look your cat grooming appointment
online
thank you quarantine office I'm you're
speaking how can I help you hi I'm
wondering if you guys sell hamster
leashes hamster leashes know we only
have a experience okay thanks anyway no
hamster leashes oh hi do you guys sell
hamster leashes you know we we have
Verity sure but not am very sure okay
thank you you don't get to be part of
today Kermit because you are too
dangerous you're an actual killer say so
cold-blooded killer so today we are
shooting a video with ad and with Marvel
although not concurrently because no dog
can really hang out with that but we are
comparing the intelligence of our
hamster versus our chihuahua it's going
to be interesting because our chihuahuas
very stupid but so is our hamster we
need to lock eggy's away though because
Kermit will kill the hamster in two
seconds and peach is just too rowdy I
don't think she would ever hurt anything
good you're not going to be part of this
this is one video that you cannot be in
so why don't you get a move on get off
okay hope to get off there you go and
this morning scared the fucking shit out
of me because he was laying right here
underneath his wheel just not moving at
all and I said he's dead like he wasn't
moving so I'm kind of like tap the cage
and he woke up but he he like I think he
just gets bored with look Jenna was
saying he just gets bored like anyone
else would sleeping in the same spot
every night so he finds different areas
to sleep we announced this morning that
law school is teaming up with Skype for
last night
trips sky picked us up reps of four so
we are going to be involved with group
chats on skype with you guys on the
trips so that we can communicate about
the locations were at and the activities
and the whole trip so we announce that
today it's an exciting but now we are
getting ready on starting this video
where we compare intelligences fiza's is
a you were ad we going to be to showdown
I desperately just want to hang out with
that like I just want them to like sit
on my shoulder all day long alright so I
want to make some fried pickles I have
never in my entire life eaten fried
pickles and I've heard that they're like
really fantastic so I decided that
tonight I'm going to make myself some
clown pickles and then I'm going to eat
them so we'll do a JJ's kitchen Jen is
finishing up editing her video and she's
been coming here not me quick little
update on me because I feel like the
last few weeks
not only has it been a whirlwind for me
and like what's going on in my life but
that's translated into the blogs so I
feel like it's been kind of hard to
pinpoint where I'm at I have a big trip
this weekend we're shooting the
last-minute trips in collaboration with
Skype which is a big deal and that's
been a month maybe more I think almost
two months in the works I knew I would
be you know I see what vitamin D you
have no don't eat it out a boss welcome
Obama day to total so should the Obama
be like this made ex-cons I'm in this
was 12 and can kill bones and small and
this one you swap and Plan B come and
alternatives or berries I like the
popular looks okay and then ask people
if I want them and I think I'm gonna
drop some cuz I'm Bobby was good
don't let the calm person a news truck
we can come in here and help me a little
bit green sauce and mayonnaise and a
fried pickles
okay I've shown a recipe was
everything's off yes Oh boyfriend maybe
having a second channel is called fried
mayonnaise next level this good bot Wow
and I just wanted to say really click
like honestly there's a whole lot going
on in my hand like every day and it
feels like I've been a little bit like
kind of a whirlwind or absent in that
way I wanted to just say that's why and
I didn't want to like say this for any
other reason just other than to update
you on my conduct so to cure this whole
situation what I need right now is fried
pickles and what I need this we you guys
to participate never in my life 3 oh
that's from the jerk yeah okay so I'm
going to start prepping this recipe this
is a recipe for fried pickles I found on
a website called rabbit and wolves the
things that you'll need for this recipe
are dill pickle chips all-purpose flour
salt Cayenne smoked paprika almond milk
lemon juice oil vegan Mayo hot sauce
ketchup soy sauce garlic powder so the
first step is we're going to place all
of our pickle chips on paper towels to
dry them out I'm ready for breading and
frying then in a medium sized Bowl we're
going to add almond milk lemon juice and
stir let it sit and then in a separate
Bowl we're going to add flour salt
cayenne and paprika and stir
you know five hot dogs
come on alive
good job look like the focuser here we
did the Omaha walk
we're gonna go their fair share they're
sorta like hopscotch Hey boom-boom room
let's do it right you're doing I mean
are you getting any from them
don't hold it back babe seriously I'm
gonna do this thing a couple other times
I ain't got time to do this one o'clock
I got some planer done Mountain is gonna
be dinner just a little vegetable isn't
it yeah little vegetable little card Oh
Julie that's looking nice this is the
method I call do it as fast as you
fucking can
will you dare me no what are you doing
no I don't know what do you dare me
you're not gonna dare me on my vlog like
that open your mouth open your mouth no
no no no no no more spread out flower
like a dragon
oh wow you're daring darpinian wait and
I sent from close oh I love you baby but
you're a little in my way just in case
anyone really is doubting how much of a
tornado this tornado is he's pulled her
to 4000 when we have here a beast laughs
getting a little loose on you I wonder
why that is
they're not getting moved yes they are
they're slipping down I see I like when
they flip out I like when they come I
shouldn't mess with them and send them
all over the place and laid out of them
in chases they can get loose like that
laid out oh my gosh
says the girl who goes to sleep in her
glasses every night but not every night
only sometimes I don't complain on my
glasses
I don't either my rifle is are you um
you owe me a loose typical asset upon
doing it you're nasty and you need okay
great oh where we've been coming out to
myself
I'm doing it fine yes I'm distressed
with me out anymore like so much stress
I'm Alberto you can't know that what car
clean the kitchen is that can you turn
the camera around the quick annual
creditor tornado leaves nothing in fact
just destruction in front of it
please ah they'll stop when the pickles
are ready you stop it before that away
bit are you seeing somebody okay
what is her name if I should run a
restaurant there are like no quality
control everything would come up however
you feel idea but that's why it's so
good it feel like a direct correlation
of your emotions at the time the menu is
different every day the menu looks the
same on paper but it comes out
completely different every day no lady
night you pick up I love what you've
done with the place
can anyone watch your fire no we babe so
we need go over there so far Christopher
Morrow quick Julie is like a connector
you want to incessantly no we're just
using that sort of a place of MU Z as a
places on top of the toaster oven whoa
Delta Force on trillion very hot all
y'all is just a couple pieces to ripping
it's fine it's all over fine that was
just palpable the way you're going to do
it the way you're going to do next is
you're going to call the fire department
what else we never agree to what can't
just shoot the dog out of here 355
finally tornado justice the only justice
is going to be these pickles in my mouth
am i right
Owen please I'm hope come on dirty porn
and stream trust in a tornado and can't
get out I mean we just glamour
Charlotte's real quick
for the practical I think picking off
hands off and I can't even touch them
there it is Oh today come on oh good are
you leaving me so happy oh yeah oh yeah
oh oh my gosh so good
is that what people say yeah that's
really good that with the batter spicy
the dip the spicy - we did it fried
pickles Ben Ben Jay yeah I feel great
sometimes you just rectify all your
problems on making fried pickles in a
really messy way okay
dude these are insane
