hey there Wow
so today and this week is already
kicking my ass a little bit sorry for
the late vlog I'll explain in a second
hey okay we read a wedding this weekend
we went to Steve green and Nikki limos
wedding Steve and Nikki green now and it
was a blast and we had fun with a lot of
our friends we got back yesterday and
we've been scrambling the like kind of
recover and get everything in order
because this week is a big week we got a
big week for us we might do some travel
will that last minute you know what I
mean so I am like every day is just
packed to the brim which is great go
check us out look at what I'm fucking
filming on right now this is this is the
blog camera right there's a darkness but
I have this cage for it now
for shooting other stuff and I have a
monitor coming so basically I'm vlogging
with a ridiculous camera that is way too
big in depth ops to be one with but I
don't come and take this cage off I just
have over here I'm beginning the early
stages of hacking my blenders my cords
fucking drives Wi-Fi a copy of all
comedy and I wanted to what are you
doing under there
having a fruit cake for breakfast I mean
lay out one color smoothly not full
shake or calls moving strong there
should be a oh you get the whale straw
daddy if they drink up
nothing bad happens we're wrong gross
wrong six of that you're my little
flamin hot cheeto that's her name for me
now she she's my flamin hot cheeto
you're so Q can you do so it feels to be
like a small mammal your Kim is like I'm
eating this is i licking taking a sec
what will we do that is what we do
that's how we treat the dogs oh my God
look he's walking all he's drinking are
you saying he's just like trying to live
this fucking life being animals are
willing to call him Marvel is Gloria
like mmm like Peter always mama always
well each one knows giant Kresna any
time we're in there for like a different
city traveling and we miss our dog when
we see a dog who's Rick Rude this
variant is across the street in New York
fish a shark fucking eats a fucking
dolphin melody you don't even eat Animal
Planet just watch my vlogs sharks eating
dolphin being an animal in your love
alright animal I need an animal
oh are you no no you are whoa Pete no we
teach all of our dogs that the names
marbled all the fun well you guys need
best Marvel so cute you guys are like
oil meat chicken flavor I'm trying you
know I like beer it's Catholic I am a
fruit today what are you doing today I
really want to watch house of cards
because I didn't you do then you're
doing to do didn't you do you didn't
that intro on house of cards is probably
one of my favorite intros to any show
it's so like alright so yeah that's uh
that's the business we have to attend to
today among other business emergency
like eight months to watch life I like
watch all of it and I was in there and
so then I couldn't convince him to sit
down and watch it in anything it was a
oh god good this show that's totally how
I talk I was a great meet I'm sorry but
my dear it is Wednesday my dear ah it's
not Wednesday and it took me so long to
watch season four by myself because we
had watched the show i watch it with you
yeah but when you watch a show with a
person and then all of them you have to
watch an entire season without that
person it becomes a little harder to
watch again with you yeah but the whole
time I was expected to watch it alone
then finally like I had a lot of the
pieces that would happen what was that
wrong did I do the lie you watched me be
out of say a thousand episodes of The
Office you've already seen and you watch
them over and over and over again
because you just sometimes can't be
bothered to start a new series but you
already hadn't seen the series before
you shouldn't want to invest in watching
a whole new season rekt that's true I'm
sorry for my behavior
sorry like you got mad at me sort of for
watching it without you but then didn't
go in and watch it could you'd rather
watch things you've already see easier
to it requires what's brain power you
never understand rewatching shows like
the other night last night we watched
leftovers and we're like fuck it ends
next week oh I can't wait to rewatch it
she's like why oh my god it's a fucking
great show that's why you only watch it
once maybe later in life when I've like
forgotten like what happened but like
literally just finished it like why
would I sit down and rewatch it I mean
maybe it is a little too soon for a
redubbed
but maybe in a couple months we can hit
that redone right I get how you watch
the office like
I'll watch Seinfeld like I get that but
like I don't go out of my way to turn on
you don't you don't do real watches
watch something I've never seen less so
I think what we have here is a classic
situation of someone who is a read of an
someone who's not a read ever I will
plan re watches I will have something
hit me where I'm like okay I need to
re-watch this entire series and then
I'll watch like an episode a day or a
couple of days you already hit you why
do you need the more times you watch it
the more just like oh no loses all of
its special miss no well you just use it
for you use it once and then you're done
with it it's not wrong but watch it some
of it
I'm in life but not right now when I
write it because there's other things to
watch about our feelings to feel in the
comments below tell us if mom's right or
if Dad burnt out so we're gonna pair it
a sign becomes for Somali good son
oh all right now choose sides remember
which our parent you choose is when you
love the mug our kid is going to be an
office fanatic dunder-mifflin a that is
nasty
bro let me ask you a question
hey record if you drink a milkshake one
straw or do you just sculpt it outside
so I go no I am funny
I've watched plenty of milkshake
drinking out of a straw with a regular
cars and you'll both it out of the sides
too thick is messy and it comes out all
uneven in your mouth the proper way to
drink that with a straw and you know it
don't be nasty can you demonstrate the
proper way to drink a shake
you didn't tell me I was cute for
drinking so much you're drinking
oh how get out bow can you straight that
other side like that Julian wow wow
you're a monster
this is an instructional video on how to
drink milkshakes
l would call do whatever you want
yeah you're taking in air like it's
getting on your mouth
how long do you think I need ah I get
oxygen well you just don't breathe while
you're drinking the shake look ready I'm
getting some shake in Samara it goes
shake your shaker shake here and that's
what makes that sound oh I'm gonna
actually curious oh I would love to
start a big fight in the comments of how
to drink a shake he does fight about
Mooji the timer one this isn't this is
that this is what the blog will be today
so if you're not here for this then goes
wrinkled milkshake without is truck
you're not here to this we've ever even
really here do you do do do do do it
last night um I was going to talk about
five times a year
oh yeah Oh Julia posted a new bar last
night I don't want to fucking hear it
not
great computer the trash anyway what I
was saying is like if you're still here
all five of you last night my audience
retention just drops off after the first
second yeah so we've all been on big
liquid it was actually about macaroni
Holly this is a lot
macaroni skillet yes
we have lunch we made half of foods
macaroni skillet last night
it is a next-level recipe Lauren Toyota
is about a box a million times more in
Toyota is above the law I was trying to
make a list of people that I believe are
above the law
move in pod cannon people they're above
the law and why the macaroni skillet
recipe has their nacho cheese and that
nacho cheese like you are above the law
you made that if you make if you created
that nacho cheese out of fucking
character prepare your bubble wrap in
whatever wings you want okay that hot
nacho cheese you know when you eat
dinner and then the next morning you're
just like still dreaming about it can
she walk everything imagine someone to
just like Jay walks like as a hobby they
just go out the street and they're like
above the law like you can't get away
with like really illegal stuff but you
can get away with a lot because you made
that natural cheese you know yeah if
you're wondering I'll link to recipe
love it's like one of our favorite
recipes it's it's like Hamburger Helper
related good delicious like better than
any Hamburger Helper I've ever had
you've never even had I've never had a
problem ever in my life no I never ate
it because that glove is just so creepy
to me why does he have a face yeah yeah
yeah it's my father
wait that's the the mascot right he just
wants to grab you just flavor straw I
don't have any treats plenty of jobs or
yours I got a I got a throw oh that's
not what happened at all he goes fine
I'll get a straw after he burps solo she
walks over that door open please open it
along the way
is that with the bra stop wait a minute
this fucking straw is so thick this is a
bubble water bottle
you may need to take it out of danger
get in the pit don't be nasty to really
finish it no oh my god it's raw love you
can fire you can like see it going up in
your mouth none of that no slurping I'm
not amazing let's call the straw radical
isn't it pretty cool the shake tastes
like the infusion of families of fruit
falling off the rainforest on to the
rainforest floor into my blender now
into my mouth that's not come here Paige
you're blocking the road oh my god guys
let me get any China right mm-hmm
how's your little morning is it so good
yes the morning every morning baby oh
yeah yeah mama came in streamed with me
last night
oh my god and then and then I did a
straw poll and I said guys should I let
Marvel stay or should I let him go park
it at it I was like let me go park it at
sanitary this is a really small compact
log camera isn't it it's so small and
compact this is the Christina Aguilera
vlog cameras because it is extra I'm
gonna drink my smoothie properly now I'm
listening you my wise flamin hot cheeto
