thank you so much
my name is Julian and I'm applying in
drones it became a whole lot less
intimidating for a lot of people I was
awesome Thank You Julian it was what you
dislike my customers
I can't believe it
I don't like that what up I like the
sound but I don't like to look at it
completion of it
it is done the event took over I'm with
Chris and Shannon now they came to hang
out but it is all over and it feels wild
man's over the last two weeks and
specifically last two days has been very
intense and it went well and I had fun
and you guys were awesome in sportive
and also I had a bunch of people show up
Chris and Shan my keep it Lauren
my brother chase our other an act it was
wonderful we're leaves it's over I'm not
like happy it's done but it looks like
you know you can take a deep breath just
good together so now we're just spending
our last day walking around New York
going to Soho right now with my parents
Chris and chin I love goose yeah it's
sweet Wow Jen were you thinking of
evolution that was their army dude
that's really rich Instagram owns only
one floor now what's real here most of
it is some of it might be presence or
cereal because now ah I'll be like
skipper console her what's real I mean I
suppose they're gonna stab us gold
hunters get more of this
cool oh my god how pretty crisp look I'm
sure it's a trap so look at those feet
okay little does okay in children
children a little fat weed oh yeah this
store is basically all taxidermy and
most goals and extravaganza for chance
having very fucking interesting when
Romeo I'm gonna you see its tail look at
his tail I'm gonna get before you put on
your so-called hate it and I should tell
me more perfect record
where did those people who walk in the
door and Spike well there's like peanut
yeah Thank You Raja went in yeah I was
definitely interested
I'm like really appreciating out
community oh that's satisfying you know
why don't you guys just crash it it's
totally Maitreya this works we can do
this yes okay yeah it's perfect country
yeah we care about ourselves
yeah okay let's give me my phone
actually I'm gonna use that house for
blanket okay no no okay good all right
I'm sorry
oh you're kissing okay interpret now
we're reporting that right welcome of
white church in America for those here
on line with service los angeles' train
your seats today tears of the Minnehaha
word girl when I can request a case like
more streamers with olivine why am i
delusional exhausted barely slept in
church but last night the event was done
so we met up with all my knee or people
and
now here but amazing trip really really
often the event went well the response
to support is amazing from you guys and
everyone else definitely won't be
forgetting this one I'd be forgetting a
lot of other things cuz I know I am
right now I'm so tired
show me your banana show me your banana
anyone I know when that happens so I am
out here with Colin doing some waffle
shooting right now we are shooting
Rome's new jewelry line her company Mero
designs were shooting the lookbook and a
BTS for this photoshoot of this new line
she is dropping and so we've been here
doing the shooting and goofing around
but mostly shooting and also goofing
around
well we're nearing the end of it and
it's gone pretty well I'm excited to put
it together this is going to be a piece
of commercial content for law school
that's going to live on while schools
page and you'll see it very similar to
the sue Murray and the Midlands tests it
was nice to get out of the LMT box and
shoot some commercial stuff external of
us but we are here in Woodland Hills
shooting drill era where every oh my mom
just sent me this video from her iPhone
cool okay really quick really quick we
have like five minutes question never to
ask a jeweler huh am i bleeding Victoria
it's just a rash I already had the rash
is this a red is it is it also edible
can't keep you okay try them on later at
home do you make these for other parts
of your body or they want proof do you
do the piercings here do you also tattoo
where do you find this art in corner
Kajaani this was not done my invoice oh
my god that's enough
Jesus okay I hear
