I am just now getting up there having my
morning coffee except today it's not
just coffee its coffee with the drone
and amazingly I think the coffee might
be bigger than mr. own this right here
is the DJI spark it is PJ our newest and
tiniest drone today one of the biggest
things as the blogger is trying to make
your vlog stand out and capture your day
differently than everyone else one of
the things that's great about the throne
is that I can capture something on the
fly we're not even really planning it or
even needing my phone this is probably
one of the coolest things about this
throne
bark has something called quick shots
which gives you a number of options on
getting really quick really cinematic
shots that you really have to do nothing
again
so I'm meeting up with my mom right now
she came out to see me and we're gonna
have some lunch and after we have lunch
I want to see if she can fly this wrong
because I think she can't but first we
sandwich yeah that that's delicious
all right so mom what we're going to do
now is I'm going to have you control
this drone with your bare hand okay like
you don't even need the control yeah I'm
serious this is the real thing you're
going to hold your hand out like that so
recognize your hands now move your hand
side to side oh my god
all right so I am now on a walk with
peachy here and we're going to our spot
and it's such a nice day and I really
want to take a picture with her and one
of the problems I faced when I want to
take a picture with my dog is that they
always come out cheesy
because it's like oh here look I'm
holding my dog here's a picture that
you've seen 100 times I've recently
taught pt-r a trick all right so my plan
is I'm going to launch this park I'm
going to come back here I'm going to put
her on my back and I want to take a
picture and I wanna vlog it so I'm
taking this picture right now with
clearly my hands full but the spark is
doing the work right over there his
drone is it's just so much fun it is
time now for some jiu-jitsu which is
probably my favorite part of the day or
as we like to like it's time to do Jitsu
i meeting up with my buddy steve to do
some training today here at the academy
and I brought the spark I guess we can
see what we can do it
I never ever thought I was going to ever
see jujitsu from a drone but today
proved me wrong and the amount of tech
that the spark has somehow fit inside of
it is crazy and I think the best part is
I've only scratched the surface of what
this thing can do so thank you DJI for
making it so easy to fly a drone and
allowing me to fly wherever my day might
take
