where are we with 7,000 West 33rd 3
that's where we are we're grabbing some
food right now it is our first full day
in New York and we are at the 10 V the
10 Z Thursday it's like a kind of a lot
with a bunch of different restaurants
inside of it I found a vegan one but we
are just walking around so far today
Rome has bought 2 pairs of jeans and met
another person named Rome which has only
happened once before it was kind of
iconic he was like hi how can I help you
my name is rum and rum was like what did
you say to me Rome I could go back to
take a picture with him oh that's pretty
but we have a big fortune of today to
kind of just wander we don't really have
anything to be at until rehearsal at
6:00 p.m. but I think we're grabbing
lunch with from the DGI team here well
we're having lunch one first lunch one
is now and then lunch two will be later
what was the like meeting another round
all right Sanford first lunch we are now
walking to the Lower East Side but we're
going to stop at the High Line which
I've been to but Roma have never been to
it's a repurposed out of commission
railway that they put like greenery on
and it's really nice I've been there
before a couple years ago so we're going
to go go there just for a rump Instagram
story
we're all out there we're all up on them
on the wall you walk on the right side
knock over a sidewalk on the left side
learn how to face your fear hey no no no
Romans terrified of pigeons you're
crossing the street to avoid pigeon
alright there's going to be pigeons over
here too
newsflash pigeons are everywhere I'm
going to start hiding bread in your bag
or redesign
know one thing to enter in free
so we're at Highline right now it's
funny I finally feel like not the only
person with a camera all of a sudden
everyone has cameras up here because
it's probably a really hot spot or logos
it's not videos though I'm the only one
taking video
so a little time before lunch right now
so we went to Chelsea Market which I
actually have never been inside before
it feels very new and there's a lot of
really awesome shopping and it just the
whole kind of design of the place is
very very cool I'm enjoying so we have
lunch in about an hour so we have some
time to kind of look around and look at
jewelry so we are at a lunch spot we are
here early so we found chairs or we can
just kind of people want which is nice
to wear protective protecting people
watching sleepy government I'm back at
the hotel for a few hours and I'm
leaving to go to rehearsal for the big
event tomorrow when you are watching
this in the morning
today for you at 11:30 Eastern I'm going
to be speaking on stage after my video
plays lives at the DGI event
now obviously I'm aware a lot of you
guys are not in New York nor are you at
the event but it is going to be live
streamed so I wanted to let you know
that if you here to watch that live
stream without DJ's new announcement my
video that I made for them and me being
on stage the link in the description
will take you there that's what's
happening today so if you want to see
the actual event go there and check it
out after the event the video of mine
that will have played at the event will
go live on my channel so this is the
broad for today but the project in the
big video that I've been working on for
weeks will go live on my channel as well
today I just want to clear that up for
you this vlog goes up the livestream
happens and then the DJI video goes up
needless to say I'm really excited today
it was nice because we got to kind of
just explore in New York and eat and you
know do our thing and then tomorrow
aka today for you is game day anyway I
got to get dressed and go to rehearsal
tonight and I also have to pick out what
I'm wearing maybe you guys can tell me
with that I don't know how do I look
it's okay
better be I don't have any other option
I mean I go wear a black shirt but I
think this shirt is so exciting and also
one fact about this shirt Jenna got this
for me for my birthday
a couple weeks later I saw Kevin Hart
wearing it on the
magazine so there's that I suppose this
is the other option
and I think I actually kind of like this
better can't really go wrong with a
black tea right all right all right all
right all right
sorry on this outfit I think black shirt
works best when in doubt we're black
pepper some dinner we had speedy Bob at
this place either we found but now we're
on our way to rehearsal and it is in
Grand Central Station
so we've made it the Grand Central
Station we were in the first lakefront
hall
Vanderbilt halls was called and they
have a net here this is for when the
drone will be displayed and tested and
stuff and shown to people I'm going to
be up there over on the stage and there
will be people all around here so we're
going to do rehearsal in probably like
an hour but what's crazy is we're in
Grand Central Station so that means half
that curtain people are walking back and
forth 24/7 because they're getting on
the train and going where they need to
go so this event is going to be
happening in the middle of Grand Central
Station
for he exciting kind of a really really
cool spot for a live event
okay feels like something tonight I mean
do order without fits everything this is
mine no stars are grinning here yes
because I'm kidding you think they
waiting to return out this giant screen
says they're going to play videos on for
tomorrow if I think it's like powered by
all these different LED panel well back
is so wild I've never seen anything like
this especially like from behind the
scenes
I want this TV in my house
wrapping up rehearsal and then I'm going
to the hotel I'm trying to sleep a
little bit before this thing goes down
I'm ready to go all the prep all the
work is done it's game time now and this
is my new home
my name is Julian and I am a boggling
thank you
