we are on our way to New York right now
I am in the airplane bathroom
I'm tired I am going to be a part of the
tji event this week that's on Wednesday
today is travel day and the day that I
large inside of an airplane bathroom
welcome to Newark for everyone fancy
food safety is with this result back
when I saw the chapters on from offices
of mine alright so we are in the Newark
Airport we made it to charity and we're
going to take a car now for the city so
where we're staying
we have a delay of about all three hours
right here to offer like 11:30 there's
like a three-hour delay and it was
because of the weather
and it was crazy because when we were
landing we only saw the ground from the
clouds when we were maybe like 100 feet
above the ground
it was pretty trippy so we were waiting
for our bags going to get a taxi and
then headed to the city five no that's
all right it's eight eight o'clock right
now just getting dark and we don't have
an early wake-up call tomorrow we do on
Wednesday but tomorrow we can sleep so I
think we're going to try to find some
food and and get back to the city it
feels fucking weird man now just not
just being me in Rome but not having
dinner here she couldn't come she had a
bunch of shit that she had to attend to
and I already miss her so I think I
might just need a focus on some pizza
feel better
to me you'll be fine I'll open up your
chest for me inside
being such a glorious right now but it
is actually pretty lit kind of a
beautiful life
as we're going to FIFA with our cable it
looks like from the water that makes you
a do eventually your behavior I still
blame you both okay I forgot we're going
about our belt so I'm running back to
get it and then we're having our pita
pizza okay I'm back
do you know what I forgot
she's a cousin
that's my favorite in go you just fly
away we're waiting for Arby's right now
we found this supposedly really sweet
spot they have the in England free
pizzas called two booths and we are
awaiting our pies at the moment
Rome's Aidan gross noises because we're
so hungry but I kind of say this is
weird is it weird being us - yeah like
there's a huge it's like can I went to
the bathroom when I'm waiting for her to
come back do you know how coming
together
alright so dinners done I think we're
going to try to go up to that way up
there on that rooftop bar I think you
wear policy
and she said take a look
cheating is closed they said they might
have shut it down because of the rain
that's different clothes but we're going
to look at the view anyway oh my god
oh yeah Chrysler Building kind of cool
yeah it is holy shit
yeah this is crazy
haven't seen the broom wow this is a
wild view and the clouds kind of like
lighting up the sky you know at night
when it's just like the clouds kind of
dissipate light that's what it looks
like
so it's pretty fucking beautiful we
can't drink up here we can just squat
we're gonna go get a drink at the bar
down there we're at marine Hill in New
York and the pizza was a delicious as I
hope heads or Joe what do you want
change your Tilton come on it's straight
all right heads or tails head okay is
500 okay well we both need anyway I am
back at the hotel room is just after
1:00 a.m. New York time and I had a nice
first evening in New York City got some
pizza and I have not enough to finish it
so I have some leftover for when I'm in
bed because pizza in bed is just hasn't
bisa and Rome and I went and grab some
drinks which is fun I honestly feel like
it's like any time you go to a new place
and you're jet-lagged
but you're like exhausted but not quite
tired the sleeping kind of tired you're
just like all right you're just you're
just out of it I feel kind of out of it
I will say I miss the fuck out of Jenna
it's been a while since I took a trip
without her last minute trips excluded
because last minute trips I'm with
Collin and we're literally like shooting
all day and night and so it's like
there's no real time to like kind of
just like sit lick like the situation
and like obviously I miss Jenna
last-minute rest but this is different
and it's also the first trip work trip
I've taken with Rome it's just odd me
and Rome not having general unless it's
um she's such a large presence and I
missed that presence because anytime I'm
in a new place or even a place I've been
to but it's like not home if I have
Jenna there with me it feels like feels
good I'm obviously very excited about
this trip been working very hard for
what's gone into this trip the video
that I've created
and everything I've done with the gri
leading up to Wednesday have been like
so fulfilling and amazing and I can't
wait til Wednesday but uh yeah I just
I'm like I'm out of it I don't know are
you guys out of it cuz I feel like you
might be out of it too maybe this whole
thing is just that you're out of it and
you're trying to put it on me I know I
wasn't able to really do all bunch of
exciting stuff today but we did a wake
up at 5:00 for a flight and we arrived
at 7 p.m. so the whole day kind of just
went to travel tomorrow we are going to
try to wake up at a decent hour and goes
for a bit of New York and then it's
rehearsal time and then tomorrow night
game mode so I'm going to try to get
some rest here and I'm going to say the
thing I'm most excited about right now
is not the bed not the TV so the air
conditioning it's the fact that I'm
going to have pizza right now I hope you
have something as wonderful as that in
your life right now see you here in the
morning
