I haven't seen you like this was like we
were saying baby I know it's not a trick
oh you look so cute
does it feel good oh my thing is that
all is do something here something about
oh my god Louie oh I'm gonna trip whoa
yes you look so different
I really love it it's so no I was like
ready for you to just like be really
different you know I probably was the
same you know it's really glad you like
it
yeah Rosa because they put so much time
and energy into that little hair that
you had it really hasn't been this this
shorts and we start started anyway
because then you like grew it out good
and then you cut it into like for the
fight going on mm-hmm
guys what do you find about you you're
getting here of your am i doing that
nothing yeah I'm doing it
yeah
so we're at CVS taking a night trip to
the pharmacy because we need male
equipment Jenna needs new equipment but
so do I because today she came to me and
said hey Jillian
I want to do your nails acrylic so I
don't know it's expect I just know I'm
not going to like it
not going to I'm not going to like it
how did you get your shit oh speaking of
which to do fucking certain job pants
it's actually a favorite shirt because
this fabric is so nice I don't care what
it says on it I'll get Jack London back
shirt
it's going to be on sale I suppose tell
you that but it's going on until Friday
I'll keep you post on details with
online you can buy it online
get anything lawyer I need some code now
oh no we already got that no I'm good I
was growing that out oh I need some beer
I don't know why when you asked me to
find anything I said no I definitely
need your where's the deodorant guys
which deodorant do you use just kidding
I don't I don't care I'm coming I wanted
to quickly give you a little insight as
to why one day I just decided to shave
my head the other day I woke up and kind
of like looked in the mirror I was like
I'm just kind of over the way this looks
like this style of my hair I was just it
was it was good you know I liked how it
worked I liked how it looked for so long
and it was like a style but I feel like
it was just tired and I was tired of it
it was never just in order I had to
always fix it so I said to Jen I said I
really want to shave my head she was
like do it
so I did and that's exactly the process
that happened when I cut my long hair
and that's exactly the process doesn't
happen when I dyed my hair and I'm just
much happier now that is why my hair is
all son gone hope it didn't shock you
too much but I didn't want it to shock
you a little bit a nice little healthy
yep $6.99 $24.99
seventy-nine thank you
I can barely hold this camera you hear
that
my nails are acrylic thanks to Jenna she
did a bangin job but I fuckin hate this
did you wash your hands o silver Nana in
there there's banana in there I was the
other Sonia
I got a switch camera' hand ah yeah
there's banana in there nice and deep
disgust me so Jenica puts a stunt on
take all that off now Mitch I please for
the love of everything okay and hold the
camera Oh Jenna's never watch effect
oh I realize your girl you got a sexy
ass oh my gosh yo temperatures in you
Alaska I get I get right here oh she is
amazing hey you guys gotta play a game
it's it's porn
so I'm closing out on my four hours four
and a half hours that I've been looking
for a song it's the intro to this vlog
so that song took forever to find I had
a really specific idea for a song that I
wanted to put with the intro and a lot
of the songs I wanted we're copy written
so it's just been like a SoundCloud hunt
for a while but it is uh just after 4:00
in the morning and hopefully I'll find
the song soon so I can go to bed this is
some pretty cool tomorrow so I am
excited about that one of what you guys
officially know doing an event on the
24th I will be in New York City I'm
going to be doing something with DJI
there's a big event and I'm going to be
a part of it you'll see more from me on
social but the products I've been
working on kind of culminates next week
I actually need to find this fucking
song that goes a little something like
