someone says it's a backdrop to take
photos of our dogs on I was just going
through some packages and I found this
right here which is a photo backdrop set
up for babies I think it is the person
who sent it to us said we know you don't
have babies but this is for your dog so
now it looks like we have an official
photoshoot area for the dogs
it's from Karissa founder of baby boots
and she sent this picture into I think
it's really rad honestly I don't know
where we're going to keep it exactly but
I definitely can get use out of it I
really want to photograph AB in front of
that that would be pretty cool but we
could also get more back drafts now that
we have this like miniature set up so I
slept terribly last night and woke up at
8 a.m. it's now the afternoon so I've
just been up I'm trying to go through
some of these packages to clear out
space in our house in our home and
sometimes we become consumed by physical
objects that kind of just take up space
then we put it off and I'm just trying
to get some of that done the UPS truck
because one thing they could use more of
these boxes
we're going to get lobster all its own
company phone so wish us luck yeah big
boy steps here AT&T star rock riff and
you said you already have a pencil
there's already one number there yes
anyway hangers here I'm showing dog
anything on blue check I don't see the
resemblance
why haven't you responded to my
challenge I've taken a couple weeks off
of responding to you on Twitter it's
exhausting I needed I need to rest those
maybe this year we should go I'm feeling
the dark sorrows we should do very high
stakes that we should do another high
stakes fad which I'll win and you're
going to have to you're gonna have to my
portion of the bed is under fire selfie
so we're getting a waffle its first
iPhone such a big day for our little
baby growing up so fast
we need a company phone because for
trips we need like a dedicated phone for
pictures videos social media everything
because we can't do it on our so we're
getting an iPhone 7 jet black he wanted
matte black but I thought on dancer
there's no way you're dragging me into
this pit of death yuck can I go and do
that yeah I'm in a dojo no it's so
disorienting is it really yeah I've
never pulled on I'm no leg it's a lot of
focus are there yeah put this on good
easier yes sir yeah and whoa Oh jokester
now
you know put you guys on over that over
over I first picture ever taken on this
new phone
I like it another picture ever taken on
no we're not taking it a little bit
pixelated here maybe you should do it on
my phone you want to cause a scene in
this sorry no you could zoom in I mean
yes a lot better than you clearly this
has hurt the search - I topic video
we're done with this calling things the
first thing we should do is prank call
realm on the new number right Oh blame
it on me but yeah I'd like to blame just
no punishment I got a ticket far as that
that's bullshit that duck like
bush-league
holy shit what is it wasn't even say
pine marked we're even saying I think it
when we pay the meter it's still
blinking green we have it our left it
says 25% on red front tire and bumper on
red photo dude what a piece of shit 93
bucks see who does that like what that
I'll just fucking we it'd be one thing
if we hadn't paid the meter but we paid
the meter we have an hour left on the
meter and you got a 92 dollar ticket
that's tight dad I'm sorry dude I like I
was at 25% like as if your car is 25
those measures Yeah right though your
car without 25 cents right
your signature do not force my thinking
here
this is trashes your normal ones oh
sorry
will you're playing Mario Kart we
decided we have to stream for Wasco we
have some stuff to tell you guys real
obstacle but we decided like why not
streams from games so I'm going to whoop
his ass into Mario Kart we had to set up
right here and we're gonna live to
waffle over here which is pretty rat so
I hope you guys dig it any last words
where you absolutely get bloodied up on
the rebel first of all on the Internet
in this game so oh here come the excuses
before we even stop bad bad one benefit
of the doubt only one just one how about
1.5 Oh also sorry I'm using it such a
tiny controller we don't have two
controllers we have to split you're
cheating already hahaha oh my god
fucking cheat dude I will say this music
actually makes losing a little more
variable yeah that was a I was a fun
race unfortunately Colin got his ass
completely kicked after talking more
shit than I ever thought a person could
talk and the chats giving it to him
right now
oh man I appreciate so much what just
happened and the fact that if you guys
didn't see it make sure you go to
youtube.com slash law school to watch
the whole thing happen it's recorded
forever in history bullshit how many
people are even in here 1,400 waste of
time if you ask me shut the fuck up
karma just came inside right next to me
soon as you do this hey hey stop for one
second that's the cue that you're
sitting here but okay
reading dinner soon and I just got to
playing a little bit of pub with Chris
and snake and John but today was a very
very productive day got a lot on WAP
school-wise you're looking at Oh Kermit
Kermit you need Jesus
do not lick her toe you can do that when
I'm not right here
what hmmmmm p6y our our dog so fucking
weird add you wait but never a wait for
the blog
yeah makes me think everything you do it
