load of money so today it's a filming
day and then I have an extra PT meeting
at later legal staff meeting
so I really do need to get started but
I'm a bit tired so I thought it's gonna
make no sense I thought I'd make like a
iced coffee did I tell you guys used
today I'm sure I did about how ahead
black coffee from Z I'm like that while
being cafe and it made me feel so soul
and my stomach like it's such a weird
feeling like it doesn't feel like being
intolerant to anything it doesn't
trigger anything it literally sorry if
this is TMI but it literally just fills
up my stomach with gas I go from looking
like you know like myself to looking for
or five months pregnant in a few minutes
and if I move from any position I
literally feel like someone is stabbing
me in the stomach it's so so soft but um
every time I've hit coffee at home I've
never had that so I'm actually going to
try making it and see if it's different
it's really weird I don't know if you
guys have experienced this I've got my
little black eye mask I'll tell you I
just can't couldn't mystique and I did a
sponsorship for them recently if you
want to try them anyway I've like yeah
banned eliminating a lot of foods
well they not eliminating but just
taking note and yes eliminating but like
figuring out what foods I've been eating
lately that hurt so the coffee that I
had out definitely screwed me up
I also figured out that it's like if I
have it too much cheese or too much milk
or anything like that it's like kind of
like lactose but I can have like a small
amount of cheese and be completely fine
but I mean I'm a chase Ben Jenna like
when I have cheese I don't just stop it
like one slice like I'm sorry I love
cheese I haven't really had cheese that
much lately and if I do it's just like a
small amount like even pizza and Matt
usually makes me sick so it sucks super
spicy food really irritates me even the
way they love spicy food like it's so
sore what else some types of alcohol too
so I can drink like what Clements Lauder
and
I can have what's the other one I can
have red wine and I'm fine but as soon
as I will even like mijitos and stuff
what I'm fine with it myself just as
soon as I have white sparkling wine like
champagne or like Moscato or sweet wine
or anything like that I feel so sick or
like cider like we're quarterly and
stuff like I got so bloated off that was
so weird
so yeah I'm trying to like just take
note every time I eat something I just
take note because I'm just trying to
figure out what it is you know what I
mean
I do want to still get some testing done
internet repair then obviously store
know talk to my doctor about it just you
know I'm just trying to figure out like
cuz I definitely think this really it's
my eating because it's not a feeling I
have all the time and it yesterday I
know it was the coffee because I hadn't
eaten yet which I know is dead by the
time I was really sore it was like what
2 p.m. or something
and I like wanted to eat lunch but it
was just too painful from the coffee the
reason I didn't eat any breakfast or
lunch the wheat into Wellington for my
braces like I showed you and the traffic
literally took like an hour and a half
longer than normal was really it really
really strange and we had to be
somewhere for 9:15 and we left early so
we would get there early like well
before 9:15 because we just drop off
hard to get a warrant a service wait
weren't a fitness water or no fitness
and we were so late we were like almost
an hour late for that it was messed up
so good an egg medrash I had my teens
disappointment at teen which we were all
so late to but luckily we rang them up
and just let them know and apparently
there was like two crashes on the
motorway and then we were going through
the Wellington ton or like when you stay
on the motorway you just keep going and
going and you just like carry on until
you pop out in the town we were driving
behind this car and he just like lost
control well we were like buffered by
one other car so I can really see what
happen but I think he either like lost
control and like slammed into the guy in
front of him or maybe the guy in front
of him like we're on the brakes or
something and he was slammed into him
and then slammed into the pole into the
middle of the road and they just sat
there which obviously who's probably the
who
in shock or something but then he drove
off and they pulled over off the
motorway so obviously sort out the
insurance situation but honestly it was
just hit deck we were just like oh my
gosh and we almost crashed like the car
in front of us so much Christian to him
and then we have caught someone's
Christian to him because everyone was
just going at a steady speed and there
all of a sudden it was just like halted
it was like bad and it was just not good
so yeah the traffic was not good I went
to my dentist appointment got all that
done and then we got a call because the
car was done real quick so we rushed
back to get the car and then we went
back home and I was in too much pain -
it was so messed up yesterday was
full-on that so I didn't really blog
much from Wellington so yeah anyways
between his face mask on I'll show you
that I actually like to put them on the
fridge fair enough that's with these
little things black eye masks with
hyaluronic acid which is really good for
like keeping moisture in your skin does
it's a deeper detox get that - shiny
gorgeous self oh my god I've got like
the shakes right now I don't know why
how to Blanco for details it's the
website I suppose I'm just gonna check
my email because from my sponsorship
there is a code you can use if you want
to try them shin in 15 in capitals I'll
type it down below and put a link down
below for 15% off these and I really do
like them I just find them so cooling
they've really wake me up in the morning
which I am so tired right now
hence the reason I'm gonna make a coffee
in a second but they feel so good and
they really make my under eye area glow
when I take them off I'll show you in a
moment like just get them off like 10 15
20 minutes just whatever you can be
bothered with and you can put them on
like cheering your makeup so you could
do like your eye makeup while you've got
these on so you can just like pop them
into your morning routine time for
coffee and we'll see if it makes me sick
from home because last time I didn't so
don't know what the difference is is it
different coffee beans like maybe they
have different acidity in them
I don't know I'm growing new succulents
they're actually growing hey I don't
even know what it I just put them in
there this bad boys huge this one looks
a little bit sad also
the new next magazine which you know
that Aniston on the front where am i I'm
in it if you want to go read it
these are some old photos from a
different photo shoot I did throw some
new photos I swear like I don't even
look like myself in these photos like
it's really weird it's just cause of the
way they styled me and everything I
still like the photos it's just
different I look really told him that
photo and I'm really not so it's got
heaps of stuff about my life and some
stuff I probably been told you guys
about Navy and there's lots of pages to
read so stir some coffee I've got a
teaspoon in here now just mix it with
water just like that and people say like
you needed it with hot water cuz
otherwise it doesn't dissolve I just use
cold water and it does for me so you can
use whole if you want but I don't find
it to be an issue
now you take cubed ice this is why I
have a huge glass and pull it up that
have to do and then water fill it up to
almost the very top I usually do some
soy milk but I don't know if I have any
so see what else we have like I
literally put in the tiniest amount of
milk
that's just how I like it I'm so croaky
just like that that's how I do it so
much better with soy milk though I
prefer the flavor of almond milk and
like cereal they're not really a cereal
anymore and then I prefer soy milk and
drinks like hot drinks and just you know
anything like that I like almond milk
and smoothies and soy milk and Smith it
doesn't really matter I like soy milk if
I'm doing like mashed potato some things
you're gonna do often either I've got
different uses my different milks guys
so yeah time to start filming I think I
might just film in my broke for now and
get changed later feeling quite glam
right now and that's not a great glam
road
whatever this is my oh hello closeup
this is my grandma cool rube it's got a
name on the back look oh I feel so funny
when you take them off they're like
little jelly I don't know if you can see
now but my under eye area looks a little
more hydrated and just lovely just here
I like it just feels good like it feels
a little bit pampering and I'm so yeah
I'm gonna film I think a gym stern
serious look today I'll keep you updated
also I think my botox is starting to
wear off because I'm starting to get a
little bit stiff again so I filmed this
look and I'm obsessed with it to be
honest but I make up the lighting so bad
for this vlog camera right now
my eyelash is falling off though so no
fix that in a second I'm just gonna go
put my footage through to my editor so
he can help me that so that I can film
another video now so I want to do a lip
swatch video I think I'm gonna start the
Finn T lipsticks and then after I do the
fin T ones why does this lighting make
me look like my foundation does not
match whatsoever it is a little bit too
yellow with me though because I've got a
10 and when I ten I go more like all of
the pinky sometimes I don't know it's
weird rather than like a fake tan color
so yeah gonna sing that to him and I
think I'll do the Sephora lip swatch
video after that because I'm gonna do it
so for a little swatch for you too I'm
sorry but is this not one of the worse
things ever
it's never gonna focus on my finger
don't mind if you see my nipple covers
they're like bright orange I just put
them on in case like my it is her he's
not doing my blogs or anything he does
some of my main Beauty videos and I was
bringing this up like I don't want him
to like a Stanley saying my nipples if
I'm like moving around well hopefully so
I had to put on these like dry orange
nipple covers usually I'd wear like a
cute bra late with this but I'm just
saying by the way it's from
left-footed hey it's probably quite old
I can't remember when I got this I stand
at my wardrobe I had the tag on it still
I was gonna speed up the footage of me
doing Makarova
let's praise the same breed I've been
using for ages in my vlogs like I've
been eating this one fee is Muhlenberg
the light grains and I like sandwich
braids I don't like real thick braid
usually but this one doesn't make me
feel sick sometimes I noticed when I
have certain copy dishes like breed
imposter and stuff like if it's a real
heavy like Dean it's kind of breed or
pasta I can feel quite sick but like
when I was in Fiji I had a pasta it was
like a really lightweight like they're
like the big shells and it was very
light they had just had heat so like
grow vegetables in it and that was fine
so I think the pastas like a combo of
like when it's like real dense pasta
mixed together with like a ton of
cheese and everything it just makes me
so sick so I miss a capo so much but it
makes me feel so sick I still will
probably eat it sometimes and just
suffer but whatever yeah as far as bread
like I've had a cafes and stuff and felt
kind of sick after like another reason
it was so difficult travelling was some
like what do I say
grains legumes I guess they legumes like
you know chickpeas and lean tools and
stuff like that like sometimes I would
eat stuff like that and feel sick then
other times I wouldn't so I don't know
why like I do not know what's wrong with
me we're getting like I'm obviously like
starting to narrow down like what makes
me feel sick and what doesn't so for
lunch most days I'll have eggs on toast
because it keeps me full for so long
like obviously the protein and the good
fats and then some bread like carbs and
staff it keeps me full and till dinner
and yeah it just doesn't make me feel
second it's not to be heavy as well like
I don't feel all full and bloated
afterwards it's quite good so that's
known having for lunch I also had my
favorite chicken nugget these ones the
fries meat free chicken nuggets what is
the main ingredient I think it's like
say the ingredients
vegetable protein including soy um sorry
no choice making me sick well what but I
had some chicken nuggets one night not
many of them either and I felt really
sore employed it after that - so now soy
triggers me but in soy milk spine so
I don't know yeah it's very very
confusing isn't it but yeah I just
remember that something else that made
me feel really sick so like some mate
replacements that I've been eating my
chicken free chickens still fine which
is and here the chicken free chicken
love that just yeah some of the sweet
stuff another thing that makes me feel
so much better I think I've talked about
it briefly on my channel but um so I'm
gonna go this helps so much like with my
digestion just with bloating I don't
even know like it's just helped and I
don't find it as gross anymore I can
pretty much take it fine now that I'm
used to it I've almost gone through a
whole bottle and I've got two more in
the coveted so I have the rest of us
today
it's just quite like burning like when I
swallow it
I literally just like chuck it down the
back of my throat mm-hmm so it bends a
little bit but it's fine like it doesn't
taste bad just because I try to avoid
touching my teeth and then I'll eat and
then I'll like go brush my taste right
afterwards obviously for my Invisalign
and also just to make sure that this
it's like off my tape
do we have it my friends my first failed
egg there's now like hate something I'm
so hungry
so we ought to beat that and I got um
hell speeds and I got there like dairy
free cheese to try hopefully it's not
garbage
I love gene but they ruin it I'm gonna
be old can you hear me that's how I wake
up I just haven't made it yet
shame EXO is beard are you me
look at that thing what look at it it's
why this is Ed I never made the baby
when I wake up um anyways yeah hopefully
it's good I hope my makeup needs to be
washed off it's looking really crappy at
this stage this is you can wait this is
the pits all out ju with how it is we
got some witches cool have you guys ever
tried the coal nuggets they a bomb it's
good YUM
