hey everyone so today I am basically
just going oh wait no I'm gonna film
today I need to fill my 2017 favorites
because you said I don't work out very
well I'm filming in morning routine if
you can say behind me as well yay hi I'm
going to make a smoothie
but that color is why would they not
make a hole big enough just don't get up
this is a little lip gloss mistress a
soft facial cleansing sponge Jean took
to the skin kind of excited to try that
so here's my makeup if it wants to focus
my sis always happen to me I tried out
the Gigi Hadid collection by Maybelline
there was definitely some terrible
things and some pretty awesome stuff too
so I'm quite excited put that up and
then I also filmed much it doesn't suit
a favorites I tried to keep it nice and
short and sweet
I just picked out some of the products
that really stood out to me this year so
you know my top is from Glassons by the
way I'm getting some sushi I'm starting
oh you see it this all the time when I
was studying I used to drive and today
how to get this so she can go home again
like every day yeah nothing lifted it I
lacked time is it 21 48 man I got so
much we're in here
by first ball ways to get that hates a
Christmas tree lights are on
oh my baby you will watching Lauren
hello in case about this video Lauren
don't think you're watching my blog but
just wanna let you know influence then
that is one of the ways you make money
so yes like a watch which brahbrah she's
using it's so beauty I just feel so sick
like this morning woke up with one
swollen glands and percival yeah she's
got it a little bit worse I think I'm a
bit exhausted I've been working to real
late lately like last night and stuff in
looking hard at trying to get pricked
for Christmas so you take some time off
well like not work all the time during
Christmas but it's just kicking my hands
and I would have got a chill last night
the fan was on and I was lying it was
like no blanket on plastic like just
finished my period and then get sick
again and I've got a photoshoot on
Monday I can't talk about it
I'll show you guys probably in a few
months but secret at the moment and now
I'm getting sick of course of course
a.m. and he's like Christmas party this
weekend with friends that we do each
year hopefully I'll get over it after a
good night's sleep I've taken heaps of
my little like garlic and it connect
what is that echinacea you need I don't
know what it is vitamin c ollege is
standing it up on my side I wonder if
it's like high fever as well except
didn't getting really bad hay fever
lately and it's kind of like in my nose
I can't
sneezing so it could be part of it we're
going to watch some more Silicon Valley
now I think we've finished one season
good morning it is Friday today
I haven't logged in the last couple of
weeks and my last book I think I said I
was getting sick new tray by the way I
think I said I was getting a stick and I
did it I got really sick I got a really
bad head cold I had my photo shoot which
was very secret so you know I can't talk
much about what happened there I
couldn't vlog what happened there and
then I got back and I don't know I was
just in a bit of a funny mood for like a
week or so I think it was just Christmas
time stressed missing my family member
and like just all of the stuff combined
just overcame me I think Christmas came
and I was gonna vlog on the day but we
had Christmas at my place and it was so
busy so to be honest I just like
completely forgot slash every time I
remembered I was just so busy so I
thought I would vlog New Year's and
stared so New Year's in a few days I
mean him is just going up to the mount
by ourselves we're gonna go house
hunting today and then we are going it -
no just chill at the Mount for a few
days we might go to bay dreams I don't
know we'll see I'm gonna take you along
with us and yeah hopefully you guys
enjoy the books
spot of lunch and egg sandwich Antonina
shtak we're just killing some time
before we hit over and meet up with our
real estate agent
and look at houses fun fact they've been
my favorites when I was a child like
lemon cream filling with icing
yes
hamish thinks this is gross young do you
know what half of gunt is scott saving
yeah but you don't ever see you in -
yeah so this is where we're staying
so it's gotta focus you're lucky you
know how good those cameras they're
focusing yeah you're coming a Saida is
the kitchen it's a cute little place
this is where we're staying
in case you guys want students in place
yeah we've got to last map yeah this is
the little bathroom then it's two
bedrooms so this is one bedroom so cute
an inter so we've finished our house
hunting I found quite a lot we liked but
none we love is always what's new but
also what happens we might go look at
another one tomorrow morning yeah
yeah show them your camera you taking
photos before this trip I like just a
little Polaroid like $90 80 photos yeah
be good it's like a theme I'm having one
of these at the moment and for tonight I
think we're just going to twist Sarge hi
we woke up at 5:30 this morning so we
might just grab like some delivery for
dinner tonight and you know no we're not
crashing a party and we bought some
stuff some bridge and we've got some
metal for alcohol and mixes and geez the
most essential things of life cheese and
alcohol just jerking and roses so we've
just been playing Nintendo switch I just
washed my face got this giant pimple
popping off of my cheek I never get
pimples here it's so weird
we were just playing pinball and Hamish
was trying to beat my even million score
in the meantime I got a 17 million
dollar 17 million dollar seventeen
million at school and Hamish couldn't
beat me what he's kind of angry that I
bit him in something because he's better
gaming than I am but I'm very happy he's
not really angry in case people take me
seriously okay
these lights dim
I didn't cheat I'm genuinely just good
at that don't you be so salty anyways
we're just gonna chill maybe watch some
movies and I'll talk to you guys
tomorrow I think we're going to go to
Frank Matai maybe we've got one house to
look at in the morning then we might do
a day trip and then spin the research
time here obviously so that's why we
came here but we just thought tomorrow
be a good day because it's not New Years
Eve and then we don't want to go like
New Year's Day because I'll be hungover
so tomorrow's the perfect day to go I
mean yeah - ooh anyway I'm tired
