I look like a parsnip
it looks like my hair's like blending
with my face because my face is so pink
go back from the gym and make some juice
for breakfast
oh hi Hamish it yeah I'm gonna make some
tea and then I'm going to wash my hair
because it's so witty
why does that look so you all right now
um and then I'm going to try and get the
new Kylie stop it turn am she releasing
her like birthday collection hopefully
doesn't sell out and literally like
three seconds
like the appellate did did you find out
what time zone yes 10 a.m. New Zealand
my botox looks like it's captain already
juicing tea mmm I just had a Charlotte
and it hurt wash my hair so much cuz
modes and so I thought look I hate when
you just like first start back at the
German it just kills you and you're just
like well I look rubbish now it's true
teen I just did a face mask like first
impression review thing it's the
bubbling climbers I'm so excited to show
you guys it's so cool I did do like a
berry Instagram inspired makeup tutorial
cream contouring like big lashes
everything peeled off my lashes now so
makeups looking like a top-dollar right
now I promise you it today she look good
at one point of the day but yeah I'm
just taking everything off so in anyway
and I'm going to go eat it and I need to
find some more dupes for my next Kylie
lip kit video like jublia because I've
been promising you guys I'm going to do
a video on them so yeah I'll just go get
some work done first and they can find
the dupes and stuff um yeah if you're
really scared of brained I don't know if
you're really hyper today I don't know
why so ya got two video to MTA and then
hopefully tomorrow I'll film another one
and you see it at Lots as well okay
anyway time to get to work I've been
head lunch I've just been having a
protein shake me all the time so guys
been editing all day
my life's just been crazy lately like I
don't even know where to begin to
explain like I've just got a lot on my
plate and it all started to make sense
so ish um beer
I'm try my best so hi Shannon hope will
as well and closed is our favorite
product and travel size perfect rips
this summer from Smashbox thank you so
much
there's a little luggage tag which is
super cute and then the primer water
I should our primer photo finish
foundation primer and hydrating under
eye primer and then the LA lights to go
blendable lip and cheek colors this four
shades and then the try it kit lash
primer in mascara full exposure x-rated
and indecent exposure in the primer
there as well as goes like just mini
ones to be so good for travel but they
even got my initials printed into it's
so cool
so this arrived I'm not quite sure
today's makeup love okay this is the
website and then it's a pretty like maxi
dress it's really nice I have no idea
who seen this to me or if it was the
website thank you um the yay it's really
pretty
do you like it okay I think Lovington
said that to me I just saw on the
packages did like return it will so
thank your Lovington here we go birthday
wishes from loving 10 because it's my
birthday like a week we're not even
there yeah a week I don't know so much
well thank your Lovington and no idea
what this is it's like a giant tube from
Tarte
so that's all that's inside I wonder if
it's some kind of announcement tired
it's so random
mmm wonder what that's all about there's
nothing in there is there no your
morning everyone we just got back from
the gym now we're just making some juice
or how much it's making me - I just did
cycling and a couple of arm workouts and
a couple of leg workouts today and then
I did some power walking like kind of a
chill day I'm so sore like I hate it
when you you know take a break from the
gym and then get back into it and it
just like killed your body and it hurts
so much so I'm just struggling to get
through like this first like week or two
and then I'll be like back into my
rhythm but at the moment I am strong
sort and suck so much and I just can't
be bothered
yeah like with my health like I am
feeling a look that I guess I'll talk
about that more at some stage I think I
have another blood test this month so I
need to get on to them and figure out my
next to exit spins off sir so by the way
I tried one of these on the weekend and
it is the worst pre-mixed drink I've
ever tried in my life it tasted
disgusting like it made me feel like
vomiting every time I took a mouthful
for revolting disgusting
so in the mail I got this two-faced
sketch market ah where have I heard of
this no no I haven't this looks cool
inspired by Japanese color cool
calligraphy pens innovative formula was
created to be exceptionally smooth a
vivid and waterproof cool
beeps colors it's such a cool box
awesome totally going to try these
everyone's coming out with like eyeline
is right now I've received so many over
the last couple weeks this is what we
put in a juice as well the good fats
it's really good um it's like a good
replacement for fish oil as well like
omega-3 yeah it's expensive but it does
last a while because you're going to use
like a tablespoon in each glass or
something to put about a tablespoon
yeah tablespoon each beers got lots of
vitamins and stuff in it it doesn't
taste bad at all and it doesn't taste
super oily I'm going to make roast
veggies for lunch because I'm craving
rest features I think we do know we've
got cream Rebecca petty things
mmm juice
we just had a meeting with my accountant
now we're gonna make creamer burgers and
also got a new glue on line it's a
little bit expensive than the other ones
but it's really good I've been testing
it up the latex-free like the Ardell one
except some people were complaining that
the are gel once would sting their eyes
a little bit whereas this one doesn't
sting it's safe the contact lens wear is
latex free it's got vitamins in it so it
doesn't damage your lashes as much and
good for sensitive eyes I don't know if
I said that we've just got the clear one
at the moment
we'll just gauge to see how well it
sells before we decide if we're going to
do like dark as well or anything yeah I
am so excited yeah I just love because
I'm doing a pull strip yeah these the
ones I'm using I'll soon I showed them
in my Korean haul sometime soon
hopefully they're good they can I look
like the bee or a charcoal once like
they look the same they feel the same it
was it was lucky to work that well I'm
gonna go out of here in the middle there
I don't think many of mine are black
AIDS I think it's just like you know the
ones that are normal I forget what the
cold doesn't look very clean though like
very smooth feel smooth there was a
terrible
it was we're up to season what's this
five season five of skins now we've
watched like three episodes so far this
season sites bocalee gets better
what what do you guys tomorrow okay
