good morning guys are we just get ready
to go to Wellington have got like ten
minutes oh I've got to go put up my
video quickly before we leave I'll show
you my outfit soon I'm loving my hair
with my makeup
this is coke okay bye Kylie so this
jacket here is misguided and then this
is from misguided as well and then these
were from white foots batik I think like
three years ago like when I first moved
into this house my fly's down
they're just like really stretchy I
think it looks kind of cute but a little
bit but I think you should like a bun or
something you can fix it when we get
there purchased in the car so yeah
that's my outfit my hair looks cool with
the green I think alright we're going
now I'll see you guys in Wellington oh
by the way I just put my half face dupes
video so if you haven't seen it yet it's
already up on my channel half hi in half
drugstore where right Wellington and
we're a little bit like it was like a
mess of like crash or something and
we're like stuck around the bay for so
long so we're going to the KC clinic
what's this one Oriental back Wellington
such a fine needle isn't it great
thumbnail material but just in the arch
of your eyebrow because it's going to
lift it a tiny bit which is it's just
like a millimeter but it just opens your
eyes a little bit more it's pretty cool
I feel like everyone is one
unsymmetrical eyebrow yeah and you can't
a lot of people got really badly as huge
it forced smile okay so we're gonna go
right into a game on their archrival
states where you're like lean almost
yeah
I've noticed some more like the last leg
literally like Simone's great like me
with my smile lines I fight like getting
deeper and deeper and I just a lot more
because you experienced a few main
campuses and yeah so you see everything
you're done yeah I think that one heard
the most interestingly but it doesn't
it's usually a left side of your face
that was hurts more which is weird
majority people every now again is a
right-sided one and since I'm a square
but more mail sorry this fluff
everywhere so dogs have destroyed the
toys so first of all I got this what's
your flavor into it oh we don't have a
player and part me you'll know why
talking but what you kind o for picking
it tunes you put this a company for yep
no lawyer you're not allowed these you
can't eat that you'll die cuz I pleaded
sitting dead of night and exposed gloss
my god it's a zit popper
damn you just know I don't know I cannot
read this he's got nice skin he does
just some skin care bits
Toby skin moisturizer and they protect
it must be like your spear for something
I'm just a mother skin care stuff I'm
assuming it looks like a whole bunch of
stuff so thank you and the last ones
from Mac look ok so he just looks like
straw okay look at the pink one reminds
me they go from last night I had the one
with the gel in her head and she's like
oh yeah oh my gosh this is so pretty
this one is in fit what does that
fashion phonetic I think I'm pretty sure
that's ready been released before isn't
it I'm gonna I'm not Mac lightful a
marine at brac formula softening lotion
spray lotion spray comes out like I'm
gonna spray it on here look like a spray
it doesn't look like a spray what's
gonna happen
she's gonna pump out
nope just spray this so cool
I'm not wasting any more Brent brothers
Peter and Harry yeah
El Dorado I call it's like a gold oh my
god
trip pin trophy no I don't know how to
pronounce them and clear picture I wish
that feels slow down when I don't know
how to pronounce them it's like a
highlighter and contour mmm looks like
cream I think it looks like it cause oil
supporting this is handy yeah this is
that same collection and it's just like
shimmery highlight color a couple of
Browns in a black it's called four
pillars and then this lipstick here is
invite intrigue it's pretty it's like a
fuchsia purplish color there's a little
troll I shudder it's like a gold color
Sun's up bums out we go here it is yeah
there's like Fleck stuff everywhere I go
and then oh my god this is cute it's
like rubbery trolls on glitter and this
is in the shade reflects purple Georgia
war and I got it to blueberries and then
like tipple and green yes first this is
a instakill lash mascara I got their
pitching is sorry it looks like a big
bird poor luck get this biggity is
amazing it's so cool Oh misusing your
Kings face buppa buppa buppa buppa Maisy
I mean this orange lipstick oh my god
there's the coolest thing so far oh my
God look at the color chair look at the
color so stunning it's like a like a
pest or orange color it's like my
perfect yeah it's called Oh sushi case
I've got this just in light regular
packaging I was that with my sedition
sushi I don't know I think I bought it
back for a while I don't know that story
I just lifted up this thing this like
bag I don't know what's an idiot and
there's more this trolls beauty powder
play a proper it's like a shimmery color
to be honest I like never use beauty
powders because like they usually fight
huh then what is your really pigmented
look
it's actually like a highlighter like
usually they're quite like chalky and
not very pigmented but this one looks
decent
and then this what is this um good luck
locks so here on my was a hair color
spray is it pain oh really oh my god
Marrakech is a promotional thing I don't
know they're gonna be like you guys use
those like CD cases yes it does look
like a city here this is the light full
SPF 50 quick finish compare must be one
of those like liquidy foundations there
we can decrease down there yeah yeah
mistakes it's in one of these look yeah
oh yeah this cushion kind of thing yeah
that'll be real handy for summer SP 50
yeah thanks Mac getting this black stuff
stuck into everything so exciting I'm
gonna check out the rest this pollution
online so it's like so cute a bit dirty
all sold out with a tiered food yellow
but no that's all right there's one okay
cool man
show me the one we're drinking yeah one
soon know right now
how would you have in Portland here we
go yeah till I get more in the
cage wonderful buddy
so again oh my gosh I need me honey brah
sorry I set out for a bigger one okay
this looks like a right assumption Thank
You spike good morning everyone my name
is just got back from the gym I'm going
to go do some white I already put up my
video this morning I did the clinic to
win one fist impression exhausted and
really blog this week and I just I don't
know I just took a step back from social
medias and really do anything on social
media much too few tweets and a couple
of instagrams but yeah it doesn't really
sit around on it and I didn't do work
and stuff like that and I just didn't
feel like I felt like shutting off from
the world for a few days so yeah it's in
vlog this way it's going to be pretty
gym packed I've got to do a lot of it is
hanging and filming and we're off to Roy
Roy on Friday and then on Monday we're
going to Oakland and come back Tuesday I
think or something like that anyways so
yeah I've got to prepare for all of that
this week I'm going to film tomorrow
probably and today I'm just going to
speak editing and I've also got to see
with some extra Beauty stuff for the
moment additional brushes I'm going to
do some work on that so yeah that's the
plan today home is just making me a
juice for breakfast
name on the going to the bridge get my
collections I'm craving or speech to be
solid don't just work stuff to my
favorite that gave me such a fright he
they called my leg I was like oh my god
what is that hey mister almost I don't
know what you will it's 5:20 I got back
from my meeting a couple hours ago just
been doing lots of editing I'm doing my
toothpaste watches right now I finished
off a vlog just before I finished off my
urges and makeups were on now we're
going out for dinner with Bev and
Michaela on the same way I come in here
and I'm like oh I should dress and I
don't know what I'm always at the same
time
right good evening how we're gonna cook
it
pretty out of the stories like that
nachos that burrito looks good this is
why you don't park under the trees on
the square hey come on inside yourself
got my manuka dr. pill of mask well I'm
just well off on and they peel it off on
camera once it's done don't want in ages
now me and him was gonna play what's a
cop different like a frosty boy yeah
what's a frosty boy know there's the
question comes I like a soft serve
what's the game there we play called for
me we're gonna play grim fandago it's
really good it's really hard
hey it's like it's like problems not
problem-solving like kind of yeah kind
of yeah should check it out what
PlayStation is it for peaceful when's
ps5 coming out why not
it's just a life yeah join their way
like 10 years something like that is
often the gym this is so from the gym in
here because I was doing pull-ups and
it's so tight it's painful it's gonna
hurt more
I was getting concerned that our
transportation wasn't ostentatious
enough
sigh happiness on mm-hmm
oh it's waxing me careful huh
my baby is no I don't take it off in a
northwesterly direction ya know take it
put it away and get back in the car you
just get in the car but soft there's
probably niche public assign in the
ground and then head off in the
direction indicated
okay so drive in that direction away
when you've moved a bit further away
plonk the slide down again repeat this
until you find yourself in an
underground cave so you keep taking the
Sun with you
and stuck to my moustache finish
