good morning guys so last night I didn't
continue vlogging because we ended up
going to so beauty to install some
software and pick up some stuff and just
get some stuff worked out so that's all
good sponges arrived they're going up
later everything's going so good got
some more samples of my brushes and
might show you a little bit of a sneak
peek later if I remember and also it was
out we got Ness kinder and today I've
got my hair appointment in like 40
minutes getting my roots done I don't
know if I'm brave enough to do a color
but we'll see we'll see what I come out
with just having some avocado on twist
now hungry
you guys I have like eight packages to
open later as well I just put on minimal
makeups I'm like look what does that
slows ruble I'm at jumbo things and then
highlighter foundation mascara and gimme
brow my eyebrows by benefit miniature
India's ponytail even more tighter than
normal
hey guys so here's my hair kind of like
a silvery pinky purple like I can't
decide what color this is but I really
like it it's all curly at the moment see
in here like super light blonde as well
so Sully just turned up you can say hi
to Western and now we're gonna go do
some salad she's like for the background
we're gonna go get some salads for lunch
I'm so hungry it's almost four o'clock
and I got there at 10:00 such hook five
hours four or five hours it's like
lighting my hair another shade lighter
blonde and then dried and put it and put
the color II stuff in and whatever but
yeah I'm really happy should be fun to
play around with it in this color will
fade out really easily as well if I get
over it quickly what's this
yeah give me oh let me go away just wig
we failed women to get salads and the
place shot like five minutes before we
got there and we were like oh god hi by
the way Claire just kidding
subscribe to pay Instagram I mean I got
to my histogram and Louise is going to
sternum but oh you say your motto do
some poses oh that's a good one
that's a nice game Lily
he's trembling Sally bring me gifts from
make up store Australia after in Sydney
when I'm Chloe came over she bought
these for us from the owner and Sally
brought mine to me because I was sick
how to open it here's the bow ah I was
trying to do this one this one inside -
I'm so don't there's a way I sell nail
polish that shipped after one day but I
feel like every nail polish is just
terrible apart from Joel I know ladies
just had a baby still have my nails are
terrible she's so good it's a good news
oh my gosh look how pretty does that
who's it like a pigment bullet
documentary glitter - Keith named I was
there
what's it called the hard stuff with
Nigel later cool
she's a 30th of August I'm scared
from like a year over a year ago look at
Ikes a neato from Wellington the staff
eyeshadows God focus thank you knees
won't forget the pink reading yeah the
pink look it's so pretty this so bright
like I'm going to use this in a video
it's a challenge look at it it's like
neon green like Kermit green this is the
color of my first car yes my dad was
like the story I was like that's epic my
dad was like what color car do you want
because he's pedal bits and paint so I
was like mmm bright green it's like
really is it yep nice to drive it around
I rocked it some I dust oh look at that
one it's like leaping yeah I love that
lid that looks pretty
and tips tricks this camera so slow to
focus while filming yeah it's been come
on
it's like autofocus but it doesn't I
call it and preppie here they are next
to each other
I love that dark grid we're taking
selling air yeah it's dinnertime
it looks like a Bobby drink me and Sally
are doing face masks this one is in my
Korean makeup haul I don't know if it's
up yet by the time you've watched this
vlog but I have filmed it got it editors
- but it's called wonder pore clay pick
by I don't know I got a two house look
out Hank Michael looks in this lighting
still pink I like your bun what are you
waiting for
why would they Jake it down here now
please
oh no no don't drink my water
what smell Celia's like open your mail
introducing multi bombs by pixi by petra
she does it though something yeah
there's a picture of you on here
oh hey catcher look how many they see it
me so baby that one is pretty I always
judge it from the picture I'm like yes
I'm touring land yeah this one was
pretty well I like to look at this one
here baby better
these remind me of that la got one drawn
so the big nugget just a sleeping we
should draw that's drawn super big
nipples thank you from renegade
cosmetics I don't know what this is
lipstick that's a natural lipstick I
bought some stuff from this online shop
I got the DeLorenzo rosewood toning
shampoo and I also got the it's like the
violet one and then I also got seventeen
miracle mask because it sounded epic on
the website so I was like yeah I'm going
to try it use your head and then I just
got olaplex conditioner stuff use once a
week in between chemicals services to
strengthen your hair because I just
bleached my hair today as well I got
this Shannon I don't know who this is
wrong from Papa Beauty it get really sad
a pop of color so those beautiful eyes
of the newest Kyle Peck mascara is that
good
so here's some of the mascara is leshy
fleshie mascara I like that name it's
like a teal one and then it pepper
then a blue and then this is an eyeliner
liquid eyeliner just black does look
cool so I got these and I already
develop swatch video but I can add them
in I guess for me it's going out like
next Friday so I'll just have to film
the lip swatches and add them into that
video oh no I forgot that I got the rest
of them no I think actually one of these
might be repeat I can't remember after
two and I got all of the voids I've got
three shades of these cuz I want to do a
first impression on them the custom and
hearts are drops like super metallic
highlighter little things by corporate
6i hamish look what I got you our
favorite body wash this I got the
falling and love since I got the vanilla
bean nut big mega seeds and I got
cinnamon bun soon I'm going to smell I
know cinnamon is gonna be so good
somebody worth it right I already hate
the cinnamon Christmas time one and it
was red and it was shock credible do you
remember it it smelled like gingerbread
dough nozzle cinnamon so good pretty
good
try that ones average pulling in love
that's everything what is this I don't
know falling in love I get nervous
sounds like grass or something grass
yeah don't you written you okay like
flowers and grass like outdoorsy no it
smells like a shower this one smells so
good what's like Christmas
oh my god oh my god this one is a melon
don't take it from me I want another
snack oh my god it's so good it smells
like cream cheese I think oh my god does
this exactly smell so it smells like
Christmas cake cream cheese icing ah
it's so good honest like if I pulled a
little tab off and I got soap in my
mouth I told her last I thought to do it
yeah but you can't get it with your nose
it's too slippery
mustard is right here anyways cinnamon
buns
oh what's even better boyfriend
cuz I'm Viking car
oh my god I like that candle crash
cinnamon bun candle which I said that it
ran out oh my god so good enough I'd
even want this could be so hungry when
you brush out with it's so good
hey miss you're gonna die so what's
telling it the way I don't know no one
was killed fine ignore Hamish in the
background and then I got the derma
clear micro water then I go to another
rain first of the state foundation in a
darker shade I think cuz this is just
incredible light medium honey this time
I can't get it up anything
it's so good no it's so good as I came
on it's like just as cosmic jakers it's
it it's not as high coverage it's easy
to blend do you like your magic is by
the way and oh my god and then I got
this Siobhan she powder that I might
have it
moonlight stays on I'm not going to
touch it in case or no because then I
can give it to someone now here to
complete my Bobbi Brown highlighted
collection I got sunset glow and
afternoon glow oh my God look at it so
weird eyes I love the one I have for me
I hit thankful yeah I think was so
stunning though it's a lot really nice
that was quite 10 yeah and then that
one's kind of like a pinky color it
almost use that as a blast this one's
quite dark - to be honest I feel like if
I've got lots fate in a little it really
nice yeah we could even use it as I feel
red colour
yeah I got one more raspberry sorbet
this one smells so bad
really you're that one to sell yeah it
smells like toilet smells like you know
those cheap soaps like the cheap soaps
that you buy for gifts they leave in
toilet cleaners yeah how's it raspberry
you want this one Sally
oh hey friends I'm so happy to be
sharing my newest collection I hope you
love colorful ultrason lips and eye
lines just much that I do these shades
was so much fun to create enjoy Kathleen
is it another collab she's done mmm
nothing
I think I forget
interesting though hmm point zero
November ELISA and mr. Bing
mr. baby in there look how pretty
I love those two pink shades exactly the
darion friend yes there ELISA November
and then point zero is the brown one
which ones have you in the middle oh
yeah what is in here I've got everything
can you grab this you get oh my god it's
the nikkietutorials palette you pull it
up please I just want us to go to
protection if this may be a left hand
where you got one piece overboard it was
a circle what was I just saying that you
should do something listen too late
there's sort of really cool packaging
yeah definitely
can it open it yes here those are
adorable like here until 5:00 shadow
tutorials instead look at that sober
it's so cool let me swatch it fast again
Oh yet makeup and chill it's a cool game
pink color irresistible mr. Cowell where
our hands and expose the I love
chocolate solo this is almost like a bit
lilac isn't it it's kind of like a pinky
yeah pink you watch ash-colored ovary
you get a mini better than six yeah you
get glitter really do they limit us I
mean that Oh glamour dust I didn't know
that either we take this out you get a
two faced shadow insurance eyes eye
primer yeah it's like the same as the
sky and also cute oh this is one of
those new pins sketch marker like a
surgeon oh my gosh this is like yeah I'm
not gonna remember the mill man oh that
looks cool just kept their lace dad
see I told you this was too much work
what I don't see anything there to
disappoint all right guys today's been a
long day
we're gonna sleep now it's like a living
p.m. I'll switch you guys tomorrow ah
but I remember for the tape what's the
doing
