hey guys so it has choose dad didn't
vlog yesterday just because I wasn't
working it so sort of hard and there was
no mail or anything but today there's so
much mail got pimple trying out so so
this is how you know I have no shame if
I can get on camera like this anyway so
it is 9:30 I'm just gonna go dry out my
hair I don't know if I'm gonna look at
my mail now or later cuz I'm gonna film
now Kylie Jenner just announced she was
doing I should OHS and my entire
timeline has just been like I've never
had apart from the time I launched my
palette that's when I had like the most
mentions and my mention box whereas now
this is even more crazy like everyone's
like have you seen this have you seen
this and I did a jar I just a little tea
in the Frog ah psycho this is very
similar like completely joking like come
on now I love College and everyone knows
that and I Josh even knows who I am but
it's still funny cuz the pellet look so
similar like the way it's laid out and
everything it looks really nice until we
met they mine a thing so I want to get
it and try it out and see what it's like
yeah that happened this morning what
else is going on nothing really sir
late last night because we found some
yourself with fake soap you to make and
packaging orders even fasted I'm so
excited because international waters
takes so long to pack cause you have to
like enter all the addresses in
separately and it just takes a really
long time so that's so cool we're gonna
test that out today I'm just gonna help
as well later he said the German the
moment I was gonna go to the gym this
money but I need to filter I'm gonna be
filming an opal makeup tutorial I'm
gonna challenge myself and never done
anything like this so I'm gonna try and
mimic an opal effect on my face I got my
eyes and I don't know I was just really
inspired from the new and associatively
hose holidays like I felt like the
colors were so like purple kind of
shimmer colored highlighters so I
thought I would kind of take that
inspiration and put it on my face and
make it wearable hopefully hopefully it
looks wearable I don't know
I'm give it a go this top like
completely squashes and my boobs it's
horrible
do not recommend look at all the mail
I'm gonna do a doesn't work video on
this to later mm-hmm I'm just finishing
up my little doesn't work video on the
la lumi√®re makeup brush cleaning device
pretty cool but I've already got some
Kong's like I'm already kinda like I
don't know about it Louie was flipping
out before
I'm just making them ever cut on toast
because it is toy for and I've a meeting
at 3:00
I've got to get my computer ready for
the meeting and stuff so I'm gonna eat
I'm gonna grab my computer and if I've
got time I'll finish off my video
otherwise I should do they want to get
home genique so is happy exit no all
right got my computer and now I'm
getting ready to go to my meeting
meeting with Ryan who was my Couture
affair with Exodia we're doing like a
photo shoot soon I've touched on it
briefly in my vlogs by the way I just
seemed to tweet a little while ago
basically being filming like all day
long and I went on Twitter and like
there was a lot of controversy about it
so I apologized anyone who was like
properly like offended about what I said
like I did not mean it in a offensive
way I genuinely was just making a joke
but I could see now obviously I was a
little bit too soon
so that was my mistake I'm sorry so yeah
hopefully you can accept my apology and
know no one's making me say that
someone's like oh it's hippy I'm in a
gym making you say that like I don't
have a PR manager but okay I'm just
apologizing because it's the right thing
to do
yeah I'm off to my meeting now sorry
today's vlogs being like super boring so
if I thought I'd had way more done by
now but the lighting was playing out so
it took me so much longer to film in and
that brush cleaning video took me a
while to sit up as well I want to open
up my mail later
hamish that golf right now because it's
a beautiful day finish real estate today
which is good for him so yeah he's at
golf I'm gonna go do my meeting
maybe later Roman grafton or something I
don't know I spend some time together we
shall see there's a black good on my
lord he's really cured oh he flow away
there is oh no he's gone man the weekend
it was such bad with that it was like
torrential rain on Sunday and like
yesterday was pretty bad to us and it
was awful like I look you wish I've
loved just to show you guys I always
show you guys the rain it's really
pointless
man my vlogs is Sun cooled is so
interesting showing you guys the rain
and stuff stuff
hey guys so I haven't showed you my mum
yet I got home at like maybe called it a
five or something
I'm from my meeting which mean really
really while I'm really excited for the
photoshoot then we got to do it
beginning of some team but it's so
exciting
chosen without mottos and stuff and like
oh this has been so much what can I
stand go into it but yeah it's all
coming together real well so hopefully
on the day you know it goes smoothly
I'll flog it in stuff for you guys the I
got home and I did a vlog I uploaded it
and then Nami and hey we should go have
the dinner so it's seven o'clock
we're gonna go to Table one eight eight
I think hopefully they have a table free
because I really feel like that salad
that they make there it's like one of my
favorite meals at any restaurant at the
moment it's so so so so good just
chatting to Lauren at the moment missing
Jones hitting to some other freedoms
I mean caught up with people in a while
being so busy you're just like editing
filming indistinct filming and they come
over on the weekends yeah that's the
plan for now this is bad lighting oh wow
lotty makes a difference guys now what
are you getting
I got a rose but last time I I think you
did yeah you like the annoying you
well martini yeah yeah well there's it
cause my which is young disappearance
yeah I don't know if I'll try they look
I got a Bellini Hamish got is s aji yeah
is it Japanese beer
there's got there is a big thing wasting
it was kinda great as long as I got the
Bruce that's so big
holy with Hamish what'd you get
here
that strap those lamb I got the gnocchi
it's like a salad kind of gnocchi and
cheese and stuff so it is now 9 p.m. and
I'm gonna go hop in bed I will open up
my mouth tomorrow because I'm really
tired
needless to say my skin is so soft I'll
talk to you guys tomorrow
good morning I'm just drinking my tea
right now I have a nail appointment very
very soon and I've just put up my video
and I'm gonna eat it and I'm here do
something else and I can't remember what
it was I want to shake at a college in a
website at 10 a.m. because I think she's
restocking priorities guys priority I'm
gonna buy some more if I can get there I
don't know if the KY should I won't just
today better so I'm gonna try and get
like three of them so I can do it
giveaway for you guys too yeah today is
an editing day tomorrow get my hair done
thank goodness look at those roots my
girls are so quick now you guys it's
like out of control but anyways yeah
I've got my hair tomorrow so that takes
me out for most of the day because it
takes so long taste I was like thinking
about going like a fun color but I don't
know like I'm really scared like I was
thinking either like a silver blue burr
live and die or a pink I'm feeling like
I don't know I was good I feel like pink
and I'm like no and I was like I feel I
let me Dawson I don't I don't know what
I want I'm so indecisive I don't even
know if I'm gonna do it like by the time
I should come to job probably like no I
kind of commit even though I know what
what is that real quick but I'm just
likes good so yeah be at my hair
appointment tomorrow then I'll do a
little bit of editing where I'm not my
hair appointment then on Friday Sally
comes and we
I going to go to Wellington to get some
needles in the forehead
Sumbul Botox so my name didn't last six
months my slice about four or something
I don't know no no that was because it
was my first time is still kind of there
but not really yeah I just want to say
like I don't even know that if I can't
get it yet or if I meant to get it yet
by when your talk to earth that's what
I'm saying
Sally is coming because she wants your
lips done again so I'm just going with
her I mean I ask the question and if
sorry I'm gonna get a little bit of a
top-up because I am obsessed with the
results you guys like if you're new to
my vlogs go watch my botox curiae in
Botox videos before you write hate
comments and stuff but yeah like I'm
just so happy with the results it's made
the biggest difference in my skin like
my makeup and just like the wrinkle
their hairs like it wasn't like major
but it's like golden completely so I'm
really happy with that it's good
preventative kind of measure so I'm
happy but anyways I'm gonna go sit on
the computer until 10 a.m. and fight for
my life on Callie's website so my new
nails are going on today I'm gonna get
them a little bit slimmer and a little
bit shorter obviously they're like
they're looking for gonna janky right
now because it looks so good I cannot
wait to get new ones guys so I just love
it it's just so long it's almost 2
o'clock I don't my lashes tend to do no
it's not focusing it's too long now I'm
just making up some soup for lunch his
menu nails by the way they look so
pretty I'm so obsessed with them my
analogous to Andrew the little design
this time instead of a stamp so cute
I've got pumpkin on me YUM
