I'm sorry good morning everyone is with
me from the gym
I found a stitch like in my mouth that
he missed last week when he pulled me
out back with it tomorrow and get it out
my memory card is full the idea hamish
maybe juicer Bertha's what's in this
like eyewear who care shot to memory
loss tastes really good I like it do you
like this one
what
what
I'm having a bath and I'm gonna crack
open my new at glam glow poem ed one my
favorite must ever piss my skin is
feeling a little bit gunky and yucky so
I'm gonna have this on while I have a
bath it's so gentle and so good it's how
it looks for you first too long I have
no idea what this is but it smells like
it's Snow Fairy
I like this I'm so good this is how with
the facemask bukas this is how the
facemask looks when it's dry see how
good it goes like dark rain and it feels
like clay you don't have to use much and
then with hands or whatever and then
massage and it turns into this like
slimy oil or really cleans your skin can
you see that I just do that for a few
minutes well a minute or two and then
rinse it off a little bit Riggs I just
drag my face and you know washed it and
everything but another couple bit creek
is with a little bit of the cream cheesy
stuff it's Madame basil some paper
mushroom stew so go to I'm quite hungry
Chloe's been a little bit sick lately so
we take him to the pit to get your cup
lilies all better now he's got some
moisturizer and stuff on a bag look
outside you got a new toy
get Lee he's all grumpy at us cuz we
took him to the vid
so basically you guys know how the other
day we were muy and it was because he
was like dragon in the bottle
mmm tasty so we wound him and then he
got real sick and throughout that night
like and then so that was what I meant
was that Sunday night and then today is
Wednesday and just the lastly day or two
I've noticed he's been doing it again
and so we ran out the vet because he's
got a little bit reared on his butt well
like oh I think we need to get him
checked up or something and he has
swollen anal glands so if you ever see a
dog doing that don't just assume that
he's got late wounds or something like
he was due to get wound anyway so that's
why we wound him and everything but yeah
that wasn't the case so the Viet like so
what it hard to not look very tasty at
all
Lily was like traumatized so he put a
toy and we gave him a treat before in
his home now he's wagging his tail and
running around so he's fine
the vet said it's nothing to be worried
about but lots of dogs get it so I just
thought I'd let you guys know in case
any of you have pets and you know what
happens to wow are you gonna share it
was this this was they be good to him
was up before while lose having a treat
a yeah what's this is it de crocodile
he's never interested he'll like
proteins like he wants to play these
like like I want that one
this is his hijacks the toilet hitting
you back my stage hey what's that
ladies noting so the rooms coming along
I've picked up most the staff at palace
really nice Easter this orders needs to
be like organized cuz I'm doing first
impression on that staff and then that's
just a tower because I'm drying some
brushes and then this is all just normal
so most of us put away and then all that
stuff's in you and forgive aways and
some stuff that I just got to put away
like my tan and my direction potent
stuff got a bit away in the bathroom and
then that's rubbish and this rubbish and
then I'm just going away that and that's
for a whole and I've just got bits and
pieces everywhere
look at this moon dust pellet by urban
decay it's like that sparkle and
to do something with this look at that
last one oh and this one oh my god
this one oh my god this is so pigmented
look at this sorry
it's having a mesh yeah this is
incredible so pigmented let's do one
more
my goal at this time I met you guys I am
so obsessed
hi look at you what's that you've got
there in your mouth Louie what's this
he's sleeping with it in his mouth
just to be sure no one takes it off you
a good morning daddy and today I have my
last dentist checkups owner and like two
hours and just doing some editing this
morning can I finish my giddy room off
this afternoon I haven't got much to do
and then just do some more work then
tomorrow I'm gonna film yeah that's the
plan my skin has just broken out so
badly and I think it might be because of
the liquid lipstick challenge even
though I felt like I scrubbed it all off
and everything I don't know maybe it
blocked my pools a little bit because I
can't think of what else it would be
because I haven't like eaten anything
strange or done anything strange or done
anything with my skincare or makeup or
anything apart from the liquid lipstick
challenge
who knows maybe it's just hormones maybe
but I like this nollie one out here and
between my eyebrows and like here in
here where I don't normally ever get
pimples I mean there's some down here
then these ones are just normal I always
have been
hamish made me choose for breakfast
again he's too kind mine is a here got
my last stitches out or lost a job and
then there was like food stuck in the
hole it was soaring so it's like flush
it out
that was all fine so I've got that done
and then said that it's pretty much good
to go just gotta wait for the bone to
grow in where the teeth were and then
probably after that I'll contact my
dentist in Wellington for Invisalign
again so they did be really cool now
just going to go to a cafe get some
lunch and then we're gonna get a couple
of groceries named back home to work
yo I got a chili tastes away oh my God
look I got this let's just erase speech
a solid quinoa holder me someone lights
a mesh Hey in the street three legged
doggy in the horses she's happy look at
Hippias he's like yep
I got these horses I rounded them up
that was on me this is the bridge cafe
by the way guys it's just off the gorge
really good for that did you sell it I
had holy yeah he's over there the salad
I had was incredible I'm gonna recreate
it at home they put in like roasted
beets roasted garlic cloves pine nuts
and quinoa and stuff is so good like I
have never had one like that before
usually I have like you know that a Olli
or walnuts and stuff whereas this one
was just like oh my god so good tastes
so much better
Oh Dan need to vacuum lower but yeah
then down here I've got stuff that I'm
doing videos on soon and empties and
stuff like that and some stuff for
giveaways as well yeah
got on my Korean stuff for a Korean
makeup haul and that white box it's a
whole lot of stuff doing lip swatches on
and there is like all the Ali glass make
I'm doing fist impressions on and then
up here's more fist and push and stuff
so like all of this stuff here I wanna
do first impressions or like chitchat
Yuri with me videos and stuff like that
and I've ordered a bunch more of these
like cases as well for liquid lipsticks
cause I'm running out of room I don't
know where I'm gonna put them are maybe
back here dinner
basil cheese and tomato toasties
