hey everyone I'm just popping in today's
vlog this isn't actually filmed on this
day they're gonna see the rest of the
footage on put so confusing
Timmy blends emailed me and they wanted
to offer you guys a discount card as you
guys know I really like this stuff like
I think I mentioned their tumblr in
these vlogs recently it is janek's o YT
but 10% off I'll put the link down below
in the discount code down below if you
did want to try it I'm sure you quickly
like my favorites from T me so basically
I've got the purple in here because I
like purple and it comes with like a
little Soviet I was saying it's so good
because usually with loose leaf teas you
have to use like the little diffusers I
always feel like all of the tea just
comes out of the diffuser thing like
I'll show you mine previously I had this
one I got and it has a little bit but a
little bits of tea come out of the hole
see they're quite big it's so like fine
so if you drink loose leaf tea I
definitely recommend picking this up so
that just sits on the top and this thing
here is heat proof this actually unwinds
so the outside is heat proof so it
doesn't like burn your hands to hold it
and then that just sits in there
so you just put the tea leaves and hey
I'll show you how I make my tea soon you
put your tea leaves just straight in put
this in pour in your boiling water and
then you put your lid and then I didn't
know this they told me this you can
actually like unwind the bottom and put
like tea bags or loose tea in there
whatever so if you are like going to
work you can make yourself a tea in the
morning and be like yep I'm all good and
then you can put some more loose tea in
there so here in the afternoon 3 o'clock
you want some tea just take it out of
there
and by the way if you are using the
discount code and everything they do
have different colored tumblers as well
if you want to like get a different I
think they've got like blue and read and
black and yellow and stuff so if you
don't like this purple color theme don't
worry look at my kid old the top of it
like smashed his anyone else has done
that Aikido does have like a teeth
sitting but I usually just boil it
anyway so I know you guys are gonna ask
which ones I recommend now these two
bags are brand new but I haven't tried
them already
lately I've just been drinking it this
one sorry I'm just waiting for the jug
to finish boiling so it's really loud
okay anyway so these tree I have had
before these ones are just browning you
but I thought I'd show you the ones I
recommend this is the one I'm drinking
at the moment so we've got energy which
is kind of self-explanatory
it just has a whole lot of teaser net
that help with your energy levels so
there's some of the ingredients just
there this one's really good for buffle
bed and stuff like that although I just
kind of drunk it whenever like during
the day quite like to that one so that
one's peppermint chamomile orange peel
like it tasted really nice I also really
like their life too but I can't find
where I put mine the alive ones really
good for energy as well I really liked
that one it's also like a detoxing one
like it helps to detox your skin and all
that kind of thing as well so there's
also that one but I'll show you this one
because that's what I'm having to do now
green tea improvement here are basically
my favorite teas I drink them every
single day this one's got both in it
it's also got some other ingredients
there as you can see so here it is on
the website she has whole natural like
vegan and everything too if you were
wondering see here's some info
strengthens your immune system fights
off cancerous cells detoxifies improves
your blood circulation promotes soft and
even skin complexion and reduces of food
cravings
and to be honest I love it a lot because
it tastes good you know what I'm saying
see how like small that looks but you
put it in here and then take your water
I don't know why but I find it kind of
fun to like watch all the leaves expand
so yeah that's that one but yeah can you
see how all the leaves of like expanded
it's so cool oh that's so hot it's so
good it tastes really like not troop
movement Eli if you compare it to
straight Pippa mint tea it tastes
different to that it's a little bit more
mild and then mixed with the green tea
and the other flavors it's so good like
I love tea if you love to you'll like
this otherwise you can add a sweetener
if you're like a little bit like because
I know some people aren't the biggest
fan of like green tea and stuff so you
can swing that as they say but I love
the flavors like the natural flavors is
so good yeah be using this a little more
recently I found it really handy I think
it's like the coolest tumblr you ever
like it has changed my life when it
comes to tricky - which is really sad to
say but I'm just saying thanks for
watching this pot I'm gonna move on to
the rest of my vlog now and thank you -
I'm teaming as well for the discount
code I really appreciate it I'm sure my
view as well as well by the way guys
it's not an affiliate code or anything
it's just tasting off because
you guys awesome because I love team√≠s
stuff good morning everyone
I just got back from the gym haven't
said that in a while I was so good but I
have oh oh my god like my favourites on
that so that was such a failure I forgot
like I didn't even think about it saying
boom massive weeping blisters on my
hills which anyway I'm gonna film at the
full face of liquid lipstick makeup
challenge today
hi what is that Jojo yeah we do a big
one ready oh my god
yeah look Wow sleepy a vet yeah not the
brightest star yeah hopefully this is
nice I might take them for a walk like
that fat some Pokemon I'm so into it
right now I have to show you guys my
Pokemon I've collected so far I've got a
dratini right I've got some mail - this
is a fair like I opened to that but I
was real hesitant house that I don't
office is for me cuz the name said to
mana Harris and I have Maya drew so I
was like cuz they just screwed up my
first name I think they have because
it's a Smashbox press release but they
got my name it's the Smashbox photo
finish foundation primer I already own
this so I might put that in my giveaway
when I do my next one now looks like I
got something from Nick hair Shannon we
hope you love our glass and you finish
foundation watching exclusively to make
it cause me to go an August 23rd mm-hmm
oh my gosh I wanted to do a first
impression on the Soraa bed and I saw a
few requests for it too
yes now I can do it oh my goodness they
see me so Millie wow thank you so much
Meeker oh my god this Harmon they see me
like every shade oh my goodness
so yeah I'll do a first impression I've
heard a couple of good things I've been
heard a lot about these yet but I have
heard a couple of people on YouTube
saying that they like them so what
there's loads of shades
cool thank you so much having at Voges
cafe style cereal breakfast and some
almond milk so I just found my full face
liquid lipstick video what a disaster
like what a disaster just wait till you
see it
leftovers for lunch
ah that's always just girls but he
doesn't do anything
hi baby why are you grumpy
Candice makings enough fiji sausages and
mashed potato potato party yom
