good morning guys I don't know what
happen but overnight I got these like
huge breakouts look at this I thought I
would show you our room quickly because
I thought I forgot to show you yesterday
but like a little TV area I think this
is really cool about inside right nice
the beige - like the beach is um must be
just there like just there so we've got
like a little balcony like a table
Cheers
dining area kitchen downstairs is a
bedroom in another bathroom and toilet
and the garage as well I want to show
you that and then in here is the
bathroom and everything and then the
bedroom we slept and tonight or last
night sorry boo toilet yeah I think it's
pretty cool
what's this place called again marine
something apartments reserved marine
reserve Department was hanging here yeah
there you go
we just got home and the puppies are
gone it was my mum on a walk I still
need to find someone about this you guys
those too heavy I saw I think it was the
wallah hit it on like the windowsill or
something but like too scared that I get
damaged or something I just don't know
it's like collecting look so I wrote
high on it I still need to hang out my
100,000 lines I still don't know where
to put them either that's nice I'm sure
our cosmetics so open that in a bit
hi you ready are you Maddy
why are you ready he's like bi beginning
water hi hi I knew were you jacket
hey wait cry you boys do this
good morning everyone it's Monday
morning I had all the intention of going
to the gym this morning and I completely
slipped in we didn't get to sleep till
like midnight last night because Louie
got really sick we had to give him a
warming tablet like he was jus for his
warming tablet so we gave it to him and
he just her bad reaction to it and got
really sick and was throwing up
everywhere and this wasn't a happy puppy
seems a little bit there this morning
but he hasn't eaten yet so we're just
keeping an eye on him yeah last night
was a late night as you can servers got
a face mask on this is the mask purify
Eisenberg and I've just washed my hair
and I'm just sorting out what I'm doing
today I'm going to start filming this
morning I'm going to do a couple of
different videos maybe a first
impression and then I think I'm going to
do a brow tutorial kind of video and
then what happened I got it I guess I've
got lots of editing to do today is my
1,000th video on my main channel and I'm
putting up a bloopers video to celebrate
because people always seem to like them
so yeah have fun laughing at me just yet
some brush cleaner and stuff XO Beauty
yay excuse the mess but look at this
free and set up I got now I got this
from their DVD store whatever it's
called it's like a tripod like a mini
tripod for my ring last I can use it
again you know where my Lighting's like
awful awful like yay I'm so happy I got
this lumber oh well hey my camera you
know I said it was haunted I think the
touch screen is broken which is a pain
because I've got to figure out when I
can link you know send it back if I even
can't and blah blah blah should be under
warranty but then my other cameras
broken so I can't use that while I'm
using wait wouldn't a since bet you know
I mean so when I send it away when we
have to film that yeah I think the touch
screens faulty and so that's why it's
ghosting because it's like pressing like
all over the screen and changing all the
sittings all the time so oh my god
Hamish help me out with that he helped
me turn it off and it took me so long to
film today because I was changing the
sittings like every two seconds now we
are going to go your groceries cuz we
don't have anything and then I think
we're gonna go get hey mrs. mum at the
bit there isn't she's away at the moment
but it is her birthday so when you get
her something that's the plan
do you love my lipstick this is in a
saucy Billy hope Hills REO I think and I
did a pro routine video on fleek
eyebrows like really dramatic
transformation eyebrows and I'm doing a
fist impression on the Clinique two and
one
what's it called I can't remember the
Clinique two one concealer foundation
product waiver it's called I don't know
where we you didn't have a good night
did you know need a bad night and you
trim your nails again his front nails
grow so fast in his bed
ones like never grow because of you know
when we take them for walks and stuff
you obviously walks more in his back
legs wasn't fun was a spewed like three
or four times or wasn't on good oh you
missed it the wind stopped didn't don't
dip today
IANA Bhaskar
not everything they go off and like a
day look at all the big onions want them
all got a kitchen
look what I got to try oh my god
this is so much better than milk to try
it I'm stuffing my face mail
time so zo moisture mess sent me at the
limited edition beauty cake in sponge
I already hacked into this because I was
so excited when it arrived I could never
wear to block it this is the Anastasia
Beverly Hills it glow kit moonchild
oh that my god you can see already
swatched a couple like they are so
pretty I cannot wait to do a tutorial
using theirs like I am so excited and
then at the glow kit in Suites which is
so pretty as well love those so thank
you so much
anasazi Billy Hills for Low's and I got
a gift from batiste oh what's in here
yes I bought this one it's so pretty
and then you see these other shades too
yay yay puppy hmm then we have something
this huge box happen to K alright let's
open this together Lily oh my goodness
thank you so much this is such a cool
press release so our staff this color
cooking fluid all nighter setting spray
or no to liquid foundation people have
been asking for a first impression on
this so that's correct and do that now
mundos palette perversion mascara
eyeliner hits of eyeliners here as well
oh my gosh simcha where goods powder
blushes and bronzers here's how they
will look and then some joy crest stuff
this is the color coat and wash whit
cleansing at conditioner whoa it's so
out of its in like a foamy container the
color treated here and then this
moisture coat and wash conditioner for
dry hit oh my gosh I'm so going to try
that and instant pink too
recolor shimma spray a bunch more
hydramat liquid lipsticks let me know if
you guys want a tutorial I mean notice
or lips what's really on these because I
really like them I think they're really
good here are the colors they look
really pretty
I am definitely going to have leftovers
for tomorrow night cream rare with some
hummus some tofutti some pesto balsamic
veg spinach a little bit of feta
chickpeas YUM lunch for tomorrow solid
this is a big time boy
yeah she could be we found out that
Lorenzo's love kale
which is weird
