good morning so we're just pulling a
power washer liquid we're going up to
Auckland gonna do some fun stuff I don't
know what and we're gonna get a car
service it's like its first service at a
thousand Kay it's just like a wheel
alignment and making sure everything's
running as it should be so yeah it's
what we're doing today I hate it when
you get your subway or like anything oh
yeah can I get lots like I get lots of
goons I was like hey lots of gherkins is
that yet and put some on I was like
there's not many that's ok please get
some more gherkins and then it puts on
like five more I'm like and then it's
too awkward to ask again to like say no
but I want more than that like you feel
like a dick and so you're just like ok
it's ok
it's a little bit of a little bit wit
you kind of really say how it seemed to
this on camera I don't know why but
ladies make the winner look good
word way word for that you can say
so we're in another car now what's this
one the Range Rover is something I don't
know show it so so possible Andros sorry
yeah I get confused because Range Rover
is the mortal but Land Rover is the
brand a so I would say Ranger I always
assume Range Rover is the brand but it's
not but I'm yeah it's a Land Rover
something it's like quite foxy at the
back like it's not bad it's just so
confusing but is the same attack I just
same same but different
hamish cut forgot the windscreen wipers
they just like then and but it's the
same exact cough of some reason it won't
slow down it's really bad with a like
everywhere I was driving before and I
could barely see well I doubt it
did you see it oh you can see it oh my
oh my better is going to die I'm so
useless at vlogging I forgot to charge
my battery last night so I charge of
like 10 minutes this morning such a fail
so we were going to go to white we
didn't care if it was cold cuz we just
sit inside or something that we just
don't really want to go in the boat over
to Waikiki in this ring so just be yuck
it's just miserable so I'm just gonna go
to the mall or something but a little
bit cafe chill out just relax have a
relaxing day just do some fun stuff
together so yeah I'll vlog what I can
but my camera is kind of dying and then
tomorrow I think we're gonna go to Tong
Matar but we'd like you booked a room
and stuff goodness I don't know what
we're gonna say with him this is so
spontaneous getting a service welcome
back to Auckland school holiday traffic
on point
those a crash before - Hinda Binda no
one was hurt by the looks of it I'm not
surprised people just like trying to
rush and it's like this traffic there's
no point rushing like where are you
gonna get discovery there you go
hundred thousand for this means me kind
of like the wheels hamish hates the
Glocks like but I don't mind it I think
just not with a black car but what the
white looks quite cool hey guys so we're
at our town now we're at the Crowne
Plaza is we basically always go to
extend my makeup we're gonna go out for
a little bit and then got dinner later
I'm wearing NYX lingerie lipstick lip
swatches coming soon in the shade
bedtime flirt Hamish picked it also look
at my mess of lashes right now like out
of control
thanks revitalash now I've got the taut
Amazon of the sea foundation and then
benefit brows like give me Brown good
proof and the renascence pellet on my
eyes and in the contour kit by
revolution make a revolution and the
blush is clinic peach pulp then my
highlight is secret so yeah we're doing
out now I'll talk to you guys soon my
camera is blinking me every moment so I
could die so when we got topic practice
flash it's not it she called that
anymore so for long what is that it's
caramel chocolate cranky ice cream in a
thick shake me and Hamish like every
time I come to all can we get one and
 so good we're in st. Luke's at the
moment just having a browse we haven't
been here in so long
morning we're at a place I came to a
Sally and benefit I get boat it's
complete with no bacon heals tastes like
fish hey guys I'm love match obviously
we've just been driving we just got to
 my tire we've got this main
apartment it's so cool it's just like
real nice like we didn't realize would
be this nice so now we're gonna go out
get some lunch we're gonna go exploring
you look at like land and houses and
stuff like that for getting idea about
you know what we're gonna do when we buy
it fully
if we buy a house here that is I'll show
you the apartment later on where it's
kept a you can see that there we go
this is halloumi in pumpkin you know
nailed it I hope walk today just being
friends like that so now we're just
gonna look for a place with the night
tonight and then we're gonna go browsing
your house a second ride
crunch crunch compilation 5 incoming put
me on a cruise compilation I'm playing
Pokemon most of you around I found some
really good ones look I got a execute
and I go to king LA I got an oddish
I got a widow Declan Agnes Manor my
Psyduck dratini is you know my family's
new its new what's new the green
one looks weird yeah we've been looking
at houses and unless you want to be like
a mill then we can't find meaning
without you there's one I was real
tempted on I was like no no that's worth
more than my house at home but to be
honest wouldn't even end up spending
more than what our house is worth just
because the lands more expensive here
because it's like beach but um we're not
like buying one tomorrow either we're
still trying to figure out what we're
doing with our lives
I don't know at least this is like a
safety embryo option of loving my life
you have to do something gonna be a
Pokemon down here no
that Monte's already but I think even I
could treat you nicely if I wanted to
yeah
bring it in a cocktail and Hamish got
seared scallops seven lose one of those
policy is master lured fries
maybe she's meal
