hey everyone so it is the option or now
on Wednesday my power of makeup we had
today everyone's being really nice so I
can't wait to go on a like reply normal
call means it's like going really well
so thank you guys so much for the
feedback
oh really orange in the sliding that's
better here should me going to go out
for dinner and he was just helping
except you got some computer shoes so
they're kind of sucks but yeah the
sponges went live last night and with
well and truly sold like at least
three-quarters of them so it's really
exciting I can't wait to hear everyone's
feedback I hope they love them like I do
what else you go out for lunch when
Haymitch gets back I'm so hungry I
haven't eaten today I've just been
filming so I almost finished my tanning
video I just realized that I start to do
the intro so it was a bit of a fail so
I'll probably film the interest marks I
felt like doing another makeup look
tomorrow maybe like something colorful
or something um also I filmed what asset
I filmed a mini Facebook video and I
filmed a makeup tutorial on this makeup
which looks really bad in this lighting
because it's really cloudy outside I'm
gonna see the colors better now just
like something really met on the eyes
obviously a pile-on then my eyes like
greys and stuff like charcoal gray
really deep crease big lashes glossy
lips I use lip gloss today umm yeah
can't even like function I'll show you
my outfit while I'm waiting and yes I'm
probably going to freeze but I love this
outfit so I'm just going to deal with it
so this dress is that one I got from
show PO was it something like that or
beginning of a check or something this
jack is my favorite part it's from pagan
pagan Marie calm I think I showed you
yesterday and they're not I'm wearing
these shoes from wool for the Ruby shoes
like you to do they're the comfiest
heels if I wish I want them in every
color but I didn't so if you know I'm
going to go to Moxie lunch today
that's right
why do I look I read it's better
good morning it is so Jack you guys like
on camera it looks like normal lighting
nope it's so dark in here I hate how
they can remain sleeping look so bright
my now it's not so today I'm gonna film
this morning I'm gonna have to put some
lighting up because it's terawatts I
mean hey Michelle hoping to go to
Auckland tomorrow so I need to film
today and get some stuff it still looks
so bright outside and it's not it's
literally like you need to turn the
lights on today has just made me
breakfast and eat breakfast and then and
going to start filming oh I'm going to
do my hair fist
yeah KO eggs indicator tomato in
peppermint tea so spoiled couldn't eat
it also love answers ended up getting an
egg for breakfast I cannot be bothered
doing my hair well I hate doing my hair
so much but they want sits down I'm like
oh my god looks so good
okay so I'm just mid filming and it is
pissing down inhaling now all the hills
kind of melted already there's like this
random storm of hail why has it never
look as rainy as it really is forget
cameras oh my god I've got like three
lemons on my tree right now yeah I'm in
love with it feel like I'm kind of
washed up I just finished filming so I
did a makeup tutorial and the intro to
my tan video hopefully about to see my
makeup a little bit better now hmmm no
the lighting is so bad but I used my
ring light so hopefully the colors came
out okay on the actual tutorial you can
kind of see anyway see I filmed a
tutorial the interest my tan video and
the NYX what is it next look lingerie
yeah
next lip laundry lip swatch video
beautiful colors and I'm also doing a
first impression right now to see how
well they last throughout the day and
how long they last and how comfortable
there and every things I've heard some
people saying they're really drying so I
wanted to sit out and put it in my
videos well actually you guys know
you know what I think of them so yeah
now I'm gonna go get it it's lunchtime
but I'm really not hungry because
breakfast was so massive so I might have
a smoothie in a bit or something like
that
sure well thanks to all the best what do
you want what else did you do when I got
this case full of sticky tabs and stuff
and I sponsored my cousin their GoPro he
does stop guy racing and stuff and like
you know you get sponsors and stuff and
put logos on the cars and everything and
you helped him with petrol and costs and
he really wanted a GoPro for inside its
stock powder film his like adventures
and stuff so lightly on social media
it's like this big thing where
apparently my real name is Brittany no
what is it on my birth certificate it
says Shannon and Harris come on if I was
using a fake name as if I would choose
Shannon no if you see any Shannon's out
there but I think there's so many cooler
names than shouldn't yeah my name is
Shannon I haven't lied to you guys my
name is not Brittany I don't know
someone's confused me with someone else
or what like I'm so confused
I mean people are like oh well even if
it is Brittany like I still love you and
I'm like but it's not
hamish got me salad in the greenhouse my
favorite young broccoli bit true I was
like a coleslaw this stuff here is so
good Hamish will you pick me out one
because he loves it too dairy free
chocolate milk good it's so good I
reckon it's better than normal chocolate
milk sugar again that's the best room
you can get it's better than even if you
like like chocolate milkshakes try that
way
yeah well chocolate milk like I love
chocolate milk sometimes I don't drink
it that often but like my favorite would
be the Whitaker's one but it makes me
feel so sick like just milk makes you
feel second time I got a milkshake it
makes me feel sick so this is like milk
free and it's so good how many calories
isn't it put a hundred mill 50 so like
150 calories or something not like I
care but it's cool it's got no like fake
sugar or anything in it is the
ingredients spring water coconut milk
Organic date nip dirt and cacao it
tastes so good it's got a little chunks
in there where the cacao is kind of like
built up
she's really get y'all is bigger Louie
now you can fit without crashing oh look
it's catching the wind hopefully it
doesn't do that to us as well jump me to
God this is me yeah Lily
yay you're so clever Zeus where's Louie
here he comes
it's like nope Oh God come on user come
on yeah did you see him he's still
crashed down because he thought I died
like it
you could stay out there here's the
first flawless finish sponge-on the
spacebar feel free to pause it if you'll
never read thank you so much Kelly feel
amazing review I'm so excited I'm so if
you like it people are stay and get
these sponges today I've just in a few
photos on Instagram so I can't wait for
the reviews to start rolling in
so full and tired I want to sleep right
now but I still have to pick all right
rush packed my makeup I've got the
modern renascence public Simon used to
get some random brushes a flawless
finish sponge-on Dacians to mix
depending on how feet tend I am primer
look what I showed like the random self
contour kit concealer powder I think I
have the bare essentials I've got
mascara in there like a brow pencil I
really don't care like I just feel like
if I forgot anything I don't care I will
just not worried or something I'm so
tired right now I've got no motivation
to pack I'm just gonna like repack what
I took over to Queenstown and stuff and
just like put in all the clean underwear
and clean t-shirts and things
I'm so tired you guys I'm so tired so I
just chucked in my jacket and some
t-shirts and shoes and underwear and I'm
just gonna yeah that's been pitched it's
melon yeah and how are they sitting
there for Yolo
I hate I'm picking yeah still gonna show
up yeah well I'm pitched the duty staff
so they made us hey Louie
beer and some socks t-shirts that's all
I need got some jeans got a jacket
she'll be right I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I'll talk to you tomorrow
bye
