hey guys it's Monday it's actually like
almost lunchtime I just have been
working all morning this weekend didn't
really love that much I just wasn't
feeling 100% it was like my teeth got a
little bit worse again maybe like I hate
something and just really when I don't
know where then that it just wasn't
ideal like I wasn't terrible but I just
wasn't ideal as it means I'm going to
Sally's which was a total bummer just
because I did not want to drive the
reallys
while I feel like this like I still
don't feel a hundred percent so I just
had to give it a mess this time so I'm
going to go over and visit um Chloe and
Sydney at some stage like I said to
Celia's like we have to go to a trip
overseas she's like yeah totally so
hopefully we can make that work sometime
but yeah pretty bummed but also I didn't
want to like miss myself up and like the
swelling was still a little bit sore and
ah
anyways today I've just been using this
morning now I'm going to film it look
like a special occasion fake tan routine
so I'm gonna turn the shower and film
myself which is awkward just step by
step what I do when I prepare and fake
tan for a special event or like whatever
I want my turn to look super floss um
odorless flight tips and tricks and all
that kind of thing so I hope lo to be
helpful the people because my last feet
tan was just like a normal fake tan
routine like whereas this one's going to
be extra steps to make your turn really
stand out and look phenomenal you know I
mean so hopefully it works out well when
you film some of that now now Matt just
in tidying later I need to plan a
photoshoot fixer Beauty it's going to be
the plan for today this pimple popped up
but I'm shrinking it I put like a pimple
color on it so hopefully it's gone by
tomorrow because I feel like filming
tomorrow as well I think well I mean I
don't know what I feel like doing
tomorrow that I'm planning on filming
tomorrow I felt like filming today that
I've just got some other stuff when I
get done today instead fear is the plan
hamish made me a smoothie and it tastes
so good
I haven't eaten today so I said that I
just finished filming my um first part
of my tan video where shaved and
prepared and gave some tips and tricks
and stuff like creeping tips and tricks
and I think I added a couple that not
many other people talk about why ignore
if she's seeing anyone else talk about
them so hopefully you guys find it
helpful look how pretty
I'm just trying to find some new designs
for like new brushes and stuff
it's hosni but this is not finished
at all and I'm going to change it but a
little sneak peek of behind the scenes
what time is it trigger for woke hook
take the disease you excited now you
ready yeah
cheeky come on he's a hippie king grass
around
and then just some of my brushes this
one's not trimmed properly these are
just samples and I like finer ones or
anything they just mock-ups and then I'm
going to fine tune in a little bit more
I thought set my feel with my walk I was
gonna catch some Pokemon if you're not
living the dream eggs kale adds matter
and if I kind of chili on toast for
dinner because we have no groceries
we're going to go get groceries after
this really this is for you hop down
yeah sort of oh definitely
here's your bead look I have ears
was there I was just walking around I
was like something's wrong and then I
realized I forgot to start my blog today
there's been stories here so this
morning I got up real early my Dean
split was at like 8:30 a.m.
so they took out the stitches he said
the swelling's gone down mostly just a
little bit which I already knew that
he said the healing really well so I
have to go back in two more days just
for the final checkup to make sure
there's nothing wrong
he said that bone replaces we will
listen to him at like how Gerst sir so
yeah the stitches came out these two are
fine when they came out the top in the
bottom at the side hurts so much I was
like oh my gos that yeah this one's a
little bit tricky so I'm just happy that
there are I'm happy I was going to keep
up the salt water washes at nighttime
just to make sure no food gets lodged in
there while it's trying to heal and then
this morning I finished doing my faked
hand so I'm all faked and I've got one
more day to do some more tips because
I'm doing a special occasion fake
tanning video so yeah tomorrow is like
going to be like the duo of your special
event today's like the birthday before
your special event so tomorrow I've got
more tips to show you guys how to really
make your tan pop and stand out with
your outfit new everything so yeah then
that video will be finished I'm going to
edit that up I'm really excited I think
it's going to come together really well
I've got quite a lot of tips in there
and then I'm going to film some more
videos from over today I just finished
editing a vlog what have I done don't
worry if I showed you last night I
planned out all of my um photoshoot
stuff will show you a quick sneak peek
just like some inspiration for those
backgrounds I love Anastasio Beverly
Hills um like style of photography I
want to do like different makeup looks
and stuff but I love like the simple
background hey babe
Niki like I love her backdrops and
everything so there's some light
inspiration and then some like makeup
imposing and spiration and everything
exciting those love the photo shoot -
yeah now I'm going to go over to EXO
beauty and I'm going to do some work
over there I've got to drop off some
brush samples for those limited edition
ones look how cool this is too this here
is Italian glass sort of show like how
cool is that I think I want like a
slightly different kind of told show
like a little bit more delicate like you
know sunglasses and stuff like I think
there would be such a beautiful range
this top ignore that that's just
stock standard that's nothing like not
my brushes or anything it's just to kind
of show how it would look again it's not
final I also love the navy color is more
glass you can do a telling glass and
like a marble of it but I'm thinking of
getting it done with like you know
typical marble colors so your gray black
and white kind of tones I feel like that
looks so beautiful so I just got home
finalized some like concept stays clear
of limited edition brushes I've narrowed
it down to four different ideas and now
I'm going to get some like refined
versions of like the hairs I want and
like the colors barrel colors like
different brush styles like all that
kind of stuff
also finalized and am refining a few
more samples of new brushes to come in a
few months time and some other stuff as
well yeah
lilies marching around with as she blows
me off look what you doing hey what's
that he loves that
so funny mmm and the Sun lucky boy
Pisces you're so cute look at you look
at you who got a bath today was it you
yeah I want to go for a walk I might go
for a walk soon hi he loves my nails hey
this is my favorite pen because it's
mini yeah Thank You Milton Milton I got
some sunglasses and stuff from peg
worried calm a couple of these are in
the gym I I think a couple of them are
the dizzy collection and then this most
dizzy and there's a crispy one too
maybe these ones I don't know anyways
and the TA is in like mint hold on I'll
show you them these are going to look
 because I've got no makeup on but
those are the two why is M it's so cool
we're going to look so cool the bold lip
or something
Jim and I these ones are crispy they
probably a little bit more wearable and
then these are jet lag I think I crispy
they are so cool again probably better
with a bit of makeup on to be honest I
feel like some Sunny's look so good no
makeup and then these ones that are like
really intense and reflective I feel
like look better once I've got like a
more even skin tone but I love them and
then I got a tie round necklace like the
black one I have this one's like a 10
and then just check it is so cool I'll
show you it on I feel like I should be
on an episode of Friends I got it too
big so that it's quite like relaxed
ignore like the upper underneath so I
would never pair it up with in summary
there's like highway waste pens it's
because I fake tan today so loose
clothing is the go I'm obsessed like
help you with this because like
high-waisted like black jeans and like a
cute t-shirt or something and then I got
some stuff from it cosmetics
how cool is so unique what does it say
french boutique brand black through the
bright blush blush blush cannot talk
also got the CC eye color correcting at
fuller coverage creme SPF 50 awesome
it's got the airbrush fitting powder is
pure 50 that sounds awesome too I love
the hello lectures five and one mascara
with lash ball teeth detailer
I like the tight line mascara so it
fitfully I like that one brow powder
super skinny live laugh love vitality
faces oh my god I used to have this well
I still do have it somewhere this is
really good the colors are so beautiful
it's just like quite big so a pain to
kind of store you know but it's actually
incredible I think I mentioned it in a
favorites video a while a bit naturally
pretty essentials met transforming
eyeshadow palette I have one of their
big eyeshadow palettes like double this
length you know you used to really
really love it I still have it I just
haven't reached it for it for ages
because you know how to Joyce kind of
and try not used up all the time so you
can forget about things but there are
really good quality so I'm looking
forward to trying that one and then yes
they give me another tight line mascara
some nice thank you and then I got a
gift from za za sorry oh thank you
you're getting better at pronouncing I'm
so bad I always transfer wrong matte
lipsticks whoo these look quite opaque
siding I'll open them up quickly look
how rich and pigmented that is so creamy
this one here is in the shade
r is 405 just let me do one more look at
that one on the left is this one here so
pigmented then the final thing is from
Elizabeth Arden and I don't know how to
open this provis city smart what I do oh
I think it's a lid it is signal me this
is an SPF 50 hydrating it shield oh my
gosh this is exactly what I need I was
just looking at a new your sunscreen I'm
actually using one at the moment that za
so I'll use this one to finish the ca1
screens outs kindling pollutants and 98%
of UVB rays so is it just a sunscreen
errs it tinted I can't tell and then
also this is the myrrh
yeah oh this is a charger like a phone
charger as well is it or is the
what you have to charge with your phone
I'm so confused here we go is the info
thank you Elizabeth Arden kind of just
blends into your skin like the tint
isn't too noticeable I think I wish you
liked it it's just like a really light
tint
obviously it's still soaking into my
skin I'm sure it won't look that shiny
once it's on I definitely tried it out
after I finished my current one hamish
cook tonight living like burrito things
with some tomatoes and beans
I've been thrown out the rubbish from
Louie's bit yeah I just notice they hit
a picture so nice they must have clicked
on my links or my emails or something so
cute but my little snuggle bug this is
where the bed was from by the way
let's link just here it wasn't super
cheap but I like to support like you
know people that make their own stuff
and like if there are businesses and
small businesses and things we've just
started skins on Netflix I hope it's
good I remember this was so popular like
10 years ago but I never watched it
