good morning please got back from the
gym my battery is blinking what's new
today I am going to fill my visa maker
video just using like the highest-rated
stuff on mica I think I did it by best
sellers this time maybe and then I'm
going to film my 2017 favorites video
then I'm just going to merge it into one
this year I'm not going to do a separate
at high end in drugstore but we'll see
so yeah I'm gonna film it soon first I'm
just going to have I think a protein
check so I'm not too hungry but I'm a
little bit hungry
so yes since I skipped dinner last night
making juice look how cute the little
carrots uh good Kathy Kathy wait time to
film I haven't walked on my bench here
need to do that also Nader wash my
brushes just
CBF as always well I did my video and my
foundation went bright orange so that
was fun but here's the look anyway I
love the eye makeup so I'm happy with it
but obviously that's part of the fun of
these videos like seeing what's good and
what's not so yeah top rated mica stuff
coming soon to you that pimple mention
though what are you doing
these lashes by the way exotic thanks so
Kitty they like sophal I wasn't actually
meant to wear these ones I was grabbing
lashes and I groped too and I didn't
really treat her that matched cuz I had
them all just like my carriage aside cuz
I hit on my clean ones just bundled up
like this and I like grabbed - I thought
that was same and they went and is
nearly blew this one on it I was like
wow that was way more dramatic than I
was going for today I was going for like
I was actually going for the pent the
ones which were more cat eye but oh well
the base is hideous like I hate it and I
hate the highlighter and you know
there's a few things I was just not a
fan of but you
that's life so that buddy will be up
very soon look how satisfying this is my
little eyeshadows I just put them in
this lipstick holder I got off Amazon
I'm doing a video on some stuff I bought
off wish there this is like a foot peel
and it's like it's under my slope is
obviously and it's really giving me the
creeps and it feels so gross to all
going I'm actually so notice about it so
I'll be filming an update on the foot
peel throughout the week for my main
channel like I'm gonna put it in the
same video so people can see if it
worked
um yeah and I also tried like I think
total of 5 things some if it was on
right now so yeah do I look good that's
what you see a yeah sure you look great
yeah anyways I'm gonna go eat it now Oh
actually I need to put up my video for
today cuz I'm a done that yet
just lexan a day just lexan so comfy
apparently give this hang oh that's a
bit bitchin
Wow Shannon anyway I'm editing at my
maker video I film today I feel like I
wasn't clear oh my god I took those
things out - oh it's dropped a lot yeah
well anyway um I didn't end up filming
my 2017 favorites today because I just
couldn't deal with the orange foundation
so I filmed a different video instead so
I still need to edit and film 2017
favorites it's full sooty how oh my god
this day is going so quick alright it's
a 13 so new do yesterday I'm still a bit
of doing these every day it's a cute one
I should really like the smell of that
one that smells like honey or something
and then who is 13 eyeliner
oh wait 12 no it's me - why can I find
it Oh
and note pit and mr. James yeah
vamonos stay golden is it like a
eyeliner or something oh no it's a teen
I think I don't know if I mean to cut
off the into these but I seem to do it I
don't know why they what kind of gross
though they look like that'd be really
like Jimmy sticky bit hello things they
you told me this Sawyer
oh my don't know if all beans are so I
just know lots of nice ones happen
did you know like green bits I don't
there's chemistry Pleasant little
obviously got mono is that enough in
there for both of us how many do you
want
mmm that's how we do match a little pity
what are you doing
needin you don't get anyway you don't
like babe no you don't like him
this is it the best blue cheese yeah
white storm but no wait this isn't it
the creamy the darker one this the light
one yeah there's another one it's like
cool creamy something oh but this one's
too amazing but this brim to noticing
this one's still really good it's just a
little bit stronger and taste also good
someone wrote on my blog too that they
tried the chicken free chicken and they
loved it
good yeah
well my bum is tweaked between wrong
yeah this is a charity chase I'm like
this is so Roche because it gets like
all of them wrong like of course they
want them to get money for charities but
it's just like not even competitive like
obviously you want charity to win but
it's so like fake a yes like sex wrong
is f pretty
Manheim just had a spa and it was really
good so now I'm gonna brush my teeth and
get rid of a beard
we're gonna watch some Silicon Valley
that's what watching a Silicon Valley -
would be what she's still I can belly
that's what's called a yeah yeah this
bikini top is from Waikiki swim I think
it is okay it's why kini w AI ki and I
just washed my face I used my Danish
skincare cleanser with my spin spin it
for perfect skin brush from vanity
planet and then I used my maracuja oil
to moisturize let's truth here I feel
like he's gotten so much straighter and
these ones of stone and pulling now the
one of my screws fell of today so this
one and one up here fell off and then
the outside one up here fell off I've
got one I'm gonna go three left I think
I'm supposed to have sex I just sprayed
my polar spray and I literally am so
title is so nice where it works hoping
these is its go away thanks for watching
today's vlog even that was kind of
boring I'll talk to you guys tomorrow
