hey guys so we got on our way to watch
and I think we're gonna be late we've
got half now to get there and we are not
half an hour away from Wellington we
left on time but I guess it's just
traffic and stuff it's not looking that
much I don't know why it's taking us on
there today but it is so it's just like
we're getting out wash service because
it's due for a service with almost done
30,000 keys and authority and we need
coconut oil change and stuff so again I
think we're just gonna like hang out and
Wellington part of the day just chill
and do some fun stuff while he wishes
office study and I've got my work done
for the week so there's really good
studies and stuff tomorrow though
and I also need human else redone
because I miss my acrylics and I broke
the middle one book where it's Ellie's
favorite cafe in Wellington enigma so
good she bought me her once when I was
hungover and it was like the best eggs
benedict even I dream about it so that's
what we have for today going all that
step
the bitch stays beneath it
oh my god this is so good
look how real the slopes just any
specific
that looks so real who the hell did
their that so talented he's about here
he had inside
who does
this is the Gallipoli exhibition it to
Paco by the way
for the name shoes Goliath
I could only how real it looks
poverty linkage
about 6:30 p.m. we come to it was
annoying consumer
it's only about one out of six time to
show the strength
we should boss's office around apartment
tonight
Stephen teacher
I'm obsessed with Pokemon go my phone
died before kitchen magic and I'm so
pissed my pants on time it sets a clock
so we left just before 7:00 a.m. got
back at 6 p.m. where we've just got back
like two minutes ago so our whole day
was basically just gonna willing to drop
over the car and then looked around to
Papa and then walked back to the place
for a car and then waited there because
we can do anything else and then picked
up a car drove home again that was that
day
and I was me to finish my vlog today but
at 6:08 p.m. so I'm gonna do it tomorrow
because I want it right now is sit on
the computer
oh yeah we never throw out stupid dinner
why does this it take so long though
what I feel like the end yes I feel like
they need to work on it more to make it
faster like it's so laggy yeah I think
just America and stuff don't have it you
know I'm sure no but I saw on the
Twitter hashtag there was like spinach
or something like what some people you
or maybe they're just talking about it I
can't understand Spanish well it's like
just not loading it's cool though like
it a love poem when I was little I lived
so long as you don't compare to the
actual game well we don't know yet cuz
we've been owned a bit or anything yet
why more dimension yeah yeah I like it
we just got tired livery for dinner I
got my um what's the code Tom car Tom
car suits like my favorite and being
cool and eating it straight out of the
turbo this is how it looks so good it's
like my favorite like it even better
than the curry
lately we've been watching it in between
its then between is a yeah we always get
confused with the name we're watching
The Inbetweeners on Netflix it's so
funny man next stuff I bought this off
the next website and shipped it to my
you shop address my next ever breath
I'll show you a quick both of you I got
this empty pellet with a whole lot of
refills of the colors I use the most out
of
next pellet so I'll fill that up mostly
of course the banana shade in here peeps
of the lingerie liquid let's say sewing
tulips watch him hey do you because you
guys requested that one and some of the
liquid suede and I got some gel
eyeliners and cool colors to do the cool
tutorials with plastic people and then I
got this one too and I think those are
all just it must've been a free gift
because I don't know what that is I keep
forgetting to say goodnight I'm sorry
guys so it is Friday
I love Fridays is the worst with the
outside the worst pissing down rain this
morning I am going to do some work I get
my eyes done at lunchtime and then I
don't know what else we do when I did a
vlog this morning put out my video this
morning oh hey Sharon got up I slipped
down low that I woke up at like 8:30 I
could not get to sleep last night I was
up till like 1:00 a.m. he should sleep
at 10:00
so did I see I just kind of lay there
for ages it was the worst it was one of
those nights where my brain just
wouldn't turn I like it thinking about
everything and overthinking things and
like having forget for long
conversations with myself in my head
swallowing has it gone down so much I
haven't actually taken any painkillers
today yet and the pain is not that bad
you can cook you can still kind of hear
me talking a little bit funny because
it's still a little bit swollen
especially on the inside and just in
here it's swollen still you can't really
tough straight on it's more like sidon
it's a little bit puffy
I got a bruising if you can see it's
kind of going away I've got to show you
just here it was worse yesterday me and
Hamish thought it was makeup and we're
like trying to rub it off
maybe it's a bruise because it doesn't
actually hurt it's just like the color
superficial one so yeah that's the plan
for today I've no idea what kind now is
I want to get I'm thinking something
quite pretty you know and I might just
more room cleaning latex I've got more
makeup after put away and like my next
stuff we've got to put away and plan
some videos and stuff when I get back
next week you can stop filming yeah yeah
I'm already gonna do like a fake tan
video for like special occasion fake
tanning and stuff so I think that'd be
really cool
I just made a matcha green tea as well
I'm like craving green tea which is a
really strange craving but it's not a
bad one so that I mean it smoothies I'm
so long can they taste so nice
I should have drank with smoothies while
I was sick with my wisdom teeth I don't
really know why I just didn't feel like
them routine leftover Thai vegan soup
and I'm editing my power of makeup video
at the moment taking a while and I'm
already up to nine minutes and that's
how much footage I've left so this might
be a long video and also just looking at
some inspiration for nails I want
something real simple so just have a
look time for nails I've got my nails
done kind of like a natural color I got
them low because I felt like having long
nails it's just the new GG highlighting
and contouring kit it's actually so
beautiful right noodles and dumplings
it's gonna be the best bit of in my life
so not great but it is great trust me
hey guys so do you mean chillin all
night my jaw is so friggin sore right
now
birth and tried to date with her I got a
new promise tomorrow to see Chloe and
Sally I meant to be but also we've all
obviously knowing about me getting my
wisdom teeth out so it's kind of just
dependent on how I feel like at the
moment I'm all of a sudden feeling like
should he get one all of a sudden I felt
like Oh laughs no but okay I feel
okay cuz I don't want to draw because
Haymitch won't be coming we should see I
guess we shall see I'm gonna go sleep
now it's almost 10 o'clock I'm literally
falling asleep I'm so tired I feel so
sick after the noodles Oh guys enjoyed
today's vlog cause what tomorrow thank
you
