good morning I felt a swallowing
starting to go down in here I cannot
wait to go back to the gym and I just
hit so many bad dreams oh so annoying I
would come and like a really weird mode
now you know when you have a weird
dreams and you wake up and you're just
like I could just put you in a bad mood
to start the day it's not ideal I know
you're stating some videos don't come a
lot later because my camera is blinking
at me because I've got to put on charge
last night pains a little bit better
today you can at least still swollen but
not as bad as it has been so it's a
positive I can actually kind of shut my
mouth no look hey guys so it's now lunch
time I'm just making um another pasta
snack to eat I'm really hungry I'm gonna
take my antibiotics I'm gonna do some
more cleaning soon surface I'm gonna do
a vlog I'm gonna end up blog and I might
do another video you'll see how I go but
I'm just more planning I've got some
mail here - so show you quickly so first
I got androgyny and most meso chat just
I don't even know how to pronounce that
sorry guys I think I've already got
androgyny I need a double check but I
got it anyway because I think I'll do a
giveaway with it if I do have it already
so yeah I got those too
I got this runner repair powerful
healing balm stuff moisturizer I don't
know by Oasis beauty and then also this
Oasis Sun SPF sunscreen I really use one
of these before and more almost used at
all I hope you use like half a one over
the summer it was really nice about this
backless dress off once it it's got like
a really high collar so hopefully it
looks nice it's kind of hard to imagine
it obviously when it's not on ASOS and
then this is from pagan Marie calm I was
a friend of mine but I made a picture
she said thanks for supporting my
business since you've rincey is saying
here's a wisdom tooth gift haha they had
wrote though sort of this so she gave me
the key dizzi Perkins I can't remember
what these ones are called I don't know
I can't remember but um they look like
this so they're on Pagan right at the
moment and then she sent me this really
cute scarf as well I love scarves and it
will make more often I shave quite a
good scarf collection her
I just have been wearing them lightly
and here's what I bolt from Hagan Murray
how cute are these shoes I died it was
so pretty so I got those I think I got a
size eight because I kind of sit in
between sizes
sometimes like sometimes I'm just even
sometimes I've been sitting on half but
sometimes in heels like go on a because
it just makes a little more comfortable
I think on the websites they go up a
size so those men eight and then I got
the super-cute placers it's like black
and nude and it's got a sequence all
over it I'm obsessed with it and then I
got four more of the drunkest minutes
lip liners I do like these there's
ecstacy Bella Luna and underground and
here's my sad-looking lunch I would
actually kill for a salad in some nuts
right now
I'm so sick of all this like slop I was
thinking of making a smoothie that I had
called food for breakfast I said like
yogurt so maybe I'll make one later I
get hungry I don't know I'm just so sick
of this food I just want to be able to
chew two dogs in the Sun let's see if we
can get a bit of reaction today to go
for a walk look is this look a bit too
loose so do the Guru walk so didn't give
her a walk
hey Zeus doing every walk six walk walk
sighs yeah
sorry for vlogging the dog walks heat
slightly and just I know I haven't been
doing much house with my life halo Zeus
now it's being pretty boring lately
apart from the treble that was really
fun but while I've been at home lately
it's just been work work work work work
hopefully some want some recovered and
everything I'll be back into a bit of a
routine I can't wait to go back to the
gym even if it is just walking and stuff
I'm so excited
look I cute you are here comes good
morning everyone I'm kind of least happy
today I'm just making up smoothies what
did we think of the final of orange is
the new black yeah we thought like the
last was it three episodes also was good
I feel like the last it was eyes were
good that a lot of the other episodes
were just so rich give it to the other
season it's like I was still with what
she had still good back kind of
disappointed but the ending was really
good it really said so here you go what
was that movie we watched last night the
fundamentals of caring we watched that
last night was really good I liked it
was a good movie it's on Netflix I think
it's like a Netflix original so so neon
necklace as you can hear my oh my voice
is a little bit we'd still today I'm
just going to do some work that's about
it I don't really know what else to tell
you
taste justice for me the Hamish made
fits yuck I will suffocate you in your
sleep
oh it's really good you're safe time oh
this side hurts yeah I just finished the
last of my antibiotics tomorrow we're
going to Wellington because Portia knees
gets serviced so it'll be kind of fun
we'll go do something fun I just
finished it is hanging a couple of
videos I feel it but it's kind of gloomy
outside there with a looks like it might
rain any minute so there's like two
random flowers on my cherry blossom tree
with this they're drunk I think yeah
good boy sit hmm no stay
oh my god this is a different one for
you to try it's quite big but I think
you'll like it
yeah what do you think so this doesn't
really like is he's my figure how to
pick it up I think he likes it
YUM is it delicious
Diamondhead treating a while lucky day
we've decided it's too gloomy to go for
a walk but just who I'm gonna talk
probably I just did a little bit more
with it I'm gonna have a bath and do
some social media from in the back
because it is so cold you guys it's like
breathing cold so I'm gonna warm up in
the bath and then wash my hair cuz I
need to wash my hair we just found out
that we're going down to Wellington
tomorrow I think I told you and I
realized I need to wash my hair and
we're gonna have to leave at about 6:30
so I'm not never really have time still
in the morning so who took this
afternoon so I can just get up and leave
tomorrow today I'm gonna do a very bad
fall
I just used that here glam glow mask the
green one the it's like keeping my oil
or something and honestly it makes my
nose feels so soft and smooth like I
cannot feel one bump the blackhead or
drag skin or anything on my nose or
anywhere it's like such a good mask if
you want to really get rid of all the
dirt off your face it's so good and it's
gentle to put moisturizer on my hair
keeps like sticking to my face but I
dried my hair we're gonna go get some
pasta the only thing I can aid
I'm sick of soup so now many gained 12
kilos well leave Boston for the rest of
my life I'm just kidding I've got some
soup I donated eight so with tomorrow
beer we're going up to celebrate cuz
Hamish is passing all this exams with
flying colors he's done so good so come
on JDK we're gonna get risotto lion and
neuro yeah yeah i'll be--i'll date then
my go to
there's must've played y'all would you
Homer Angie calamari miss my risotto
Hamish got lucky he got all of my Beach
I can't eat it I saved myself one piece
of roughly in case I can like to suck
away that probably an autosum just felt
like cheese and spinach catch the killer
tomatoes in risotto at this dog it's the
biggest stick of innocence there's all
musicals there I mean hey we should be
laughing about the last few days for
some reason those : memes it's like this
smells : on my pillowcase because they
can't smoke alone what's the other one
when he walks past and I could smell his
colon in the air such a vicious
attacking dog gentle good boy
my name it should also been loving
deadliest a woman on Netflix it's so
good it's got really bad ratings on
Netflix
that's why we've never clicked on it
before and then I heard people talking
about it it's actually good I don't know
why the ratings of that terrible like
the acting is pretty terrible but that's
half the fun of it that's probably
because I didn't show the true stories
yeah so it's too interesting yeah I love
why it's like one of my like secret
loves is like learning about a serial is
because it's so like posada me that
wouldn't even do it it's like shocking
do you know what confuses me on Facebook
because when it's like people you may
know no mutual friends and I'm just like
um you know I don't actually know that
person at all like it makes no sense I'm
like how have you come to the conclusion
that I would want to be friends with
these people maybe you put that you like
books and he put he likes books so you
guys yeah but that's stranger danger
right bit stranger danger stranger day
don't talk to strangers on the internet
how much time you know yeah I know but
what I'm saying is Facebook my thing
they suppose trying to give me stranger
danger these people like vets fair
enough I usually know Sharon but like
you know what I mean
I might have time to friend you see if
we come up as
