say yesterday I get my teeth out I'm so
nervous I feel kind of sick so hopefully
I can get it done lying that way
hey feelin all right it was nice and
quick hey why is that
youch TIFF oh we didn't have our drops
on the carry there you tired yeah all
right here's my sink your nose is
bleeding
how does your mouth feel numb I heard
your dream you had a dream what was that
okay I remember you cold
jiminee yeah you're right were there
yeah
be in the car sir I got a whole bunch of
stuff from the UM pharmacy you're right
yeah oh when you're awake
we all right a little bit nervous at
least it's done now now it's just
recovering yeah see this is a
discoloration with into fiction was
probably oh my gosh
that's insane they're massive I would've
put your teeth yeah so sort of a second
you die it's off would it look like a
babe with that thing on
reminds me of those rabbits you know
doing it what face yeah hey guys it is
Monday I can't talk properly store I
have logged all weekend needless to say
I've been in so much pain
honestly this is worse than when I got
my boob job late it is so painful and it
kind of sounded like aivalis because
it's so swollen but um at the moment
feeling okay I've just been doing some
work this morning
need some painkillers and everything
what night was it certainly I was the
worst I got really sick I could barely
eat took too many pills like not
actually too many but I mean for the
amount of food I was eating less too
many pills like my stomach was not lined
enough I'm sick it only a small amount
at a time of like yogurt custard and
soup I'm so sick like many foods right
now I'm so over it
but what can you do I've gotta eat like
this for a while yet yesterday was the
worst I threw up everywhere the exit
because it was just like pure acid I'm
sorry if this is really gross but I've
been person if you can tell by now it
was just like pure acid I like but my
mouth and throat and tongue and it was
so hard for me to even brush my tongue
after hit and then I woke up then the
other night at like he was like 3:30 I
was in excruciating pain because
obviously at rollin up away painkillers
I couldn't take any more and honestly
like I was about to go to the hospital
that's how bad it was but eventually I
got to sleep I took more painkillers
I just ate like a tiny amount took some
painkillers and just rest it there were
still feeling sick again yeah I fell
asleep that was fine
okay in the morning we still really sore
but I haven't been as bad as that since
then I haven't vlogged because I've
literally been lying right here the
entire time I was able to go for a short
walk yesterday get some fresh air hopped
into Briscoes and got some sheets
nothing I need to get home now so yeah
basically did nothing all weekend and
I'm sick of it I'm sick of just sitting
around doing nothing so I visited a vlog
this morning and put up the video and I
think now I'm gonna have a bath because
I'm feeling quite exhausted I guess I
just don't really have any energy
because I literally can barely ate
anything anyone when I do it it's like
really low calorie like all I can get
down is like yogurt or like soup and so
there's like barely any yeah energy any
energy in there so I asked my face a
shit-ton over the first probably almost
48 hours but I still got quite a bit of
swelling as you can see my bottom two
teeth were impacted and then I had one
taken out the top as well so I don't
know if that kind of contributed to how
swollen I am and then I got a heat pack
I'm using the heat pick now it feels
nicer than the ice
kind of sues the muscle because my
muscles are really sore like I can't
actually open my mouth up very much
because the actual muscles are all
exfoliants really weird um so yeah
hopefully I'm feeling better really soon
it's Monday you know me to be going to
Oakland this weekend or like Friday or
something like that to see Chloe and
Sally but if I feel like this honestly I
think I'm better off just not going at
all because I'll just be miserable yeah
I think I'm going to go have a bath now
just relax for a while and hopefully the
steam will make me feel a little bit bit
I feel a little bit yeah correct now
haven't showered I've got the worst
black kids right now hold on can you see
these things keep Sun focusing so I
guess all I know is my blackheads are
terrible right now so I might do like
the poor strip too while I'm in the bath
there we go you can see them now mmm
tasty I never get my kids like this so
I'm kind of excited I'm going to use
this so you do like 15-20 minutes there
15:28 set and then again for that it's
good to go so once again here's my nose
looks so gross right now
here's the first one smells really good
miles clean oh my god that sounds so bit
I wasn't planning on using this today
but as I was grabbing my other bath pump
that's just like fell into the water so
we're using this and it's the golden egg
something-something it looks like it's
got glitter in it it feels really nice
it feels quite much tracting so look at
that it go it smells good too
alright now the mask is on the poor mask
now I'm going to take this off it's been
15 minutes
well like it's not working very well
it's like leaving residue all over my
nose I got like one nollie one out and
if you can see it was almost it there's
a few little baby ones but nothing
impressive
I've got gunk all over my nose now look
still it's gross anyway this is the
final step it's just like a slimy thing
to moisturize I think and turn up your
balls again here's my lunch Greek yogurt
it's only go for a walk
gonna go for a walk you don't seem very
excited today
Millie can I go for a walk Oh God okay
you feeling lazy do you want to go for a
walk okay I think he does want to go for
a walk walk Lily walk so stealing a real
walk getting a real walk this walk this
turn I go for a walk walk walk walk his
ears every time I say go up chase look
look he's got more come here for what
Scott come on this case is come on let's
go
pretty sit go
so it's not like 3:30 and I'm really
hungry since lunch was so small just
that you're good I'm going to attempt to
eat this really cheap and nasty mac and
cheese which is always the best type of
mac and cheese but I never eat it
because it's so bad for you but this is
my excuse hopefully I can eat it I'm
thinking I might just had to swallow it
whole hamish bought me this thing from
the chemist you like plug it in and it's
just finished and it's like a heated bag
it's been so nice on my face mmm so good
it's like a hot water bottle so del L is
electric and it lasts a really long time
did Hamish show you my teeth failure
these are so rows like a look how big
these suckers are put it next to my
pinky now look how gross is there
there's so big that was my top one and
then those bottom two were impacted I
don't have a fourth one only had three
so nuts
