good morning I have been filming all
morning wait now it's afternoon good
afternoon people awake so it's now like
I think one something more to say I
don't know what time it is basically
yeah
got up filmed put up today's video I did
the power of makeup like half face thing
and I also did my monthly favourites
because I'm in donut ages I'm really
happy with how everything turned out
now I'm starving I didn't have breakfast
so I'm gonna have some lunch I think I'm
just gonna make it sell it for me and
Hamish there is noise and their
breakfast was because I still felt sick
I don't know what's wrong with my body
lately I think it's just travel last
night I woke up in the other night with
the worst gut pains and just hit the
worst sleep and then to top it off I had
a really swollen throat like swollen
glands swollen throat my nose is sort of
stuffy I felt him getting a flu how much
did that the girl that was working at
the supermarket yesterday was really
sick and so we're wondering if we
somehow got that because I I don't know
anyone else who is sick I don't know
where this came from but it sucks I'm
kind of doing okay I'm gonna say what's
the vitamins and you know vitamin C and
stuff so hopefully I don't get too sick
but doctor smart about some teeth out
right Friday what day is it today is
that we can stand pretty sure it's
Wednesday I'm so confused
lunch is served mrs. selle because we
are hungry
I put broad beans in here as well today
and people asking where to get the
balsamic glaze it's just from the
supermarket in spite of any gays and
like Druce things and stuff balsamic
glaze by domain time to get my pretty
nails off so I can get my wisdom teeth
out on Friday because I'm obviously I'm
going under so you know let it hit let
your crew looks and stuff where it
nearer for dinner it's a Syrah I've
never tried it before but it's just the
flavors of spicy white pepper okay I'm
googling come on BuzzFeed googling what
I can eat after my surgery 10 soup
thanking mmm groups
maisha potatoman it made me some mashed
potato you cannot see you can make it
I have soup this is certainly my young
croutons don't sound like fun just have
a bowl of hummus no I have crackers with
Mohammed
Oh with some college just a plate of
cottage cheese
so in it trap my dinosaur
it's quite a strong level I feel like
now we could go to like a little wine
tasting I can actually appreciate it
the Raider the wife the rear July read
better though okay they say if you like
it it's quite strong
it's from cuz I I wished it was like a
club where just smell again then you
could wear the Syrah the white pepper
and toast perfume I've got a party shirt
for you guys I'm gonna touch this being
hot candle
did it hurt I got souffle hamish
calamari it's so big you guys high BP
and yeah we goin where you goin you
watching TV you look comfy I'm so sack
I've got a cold my sinuses are all
blocked it's surgery tomorrow so that
should be fun man I haven't hit a cold
in so long I can't remember the last
time made a cold I still have a home I
used to get them all the time
mm-hmm it was cuz it was like because he
can add smoke and stuff but I tried
sleep in it's like 8:30 now but it's
just painful so I just got up and had a
shower I feel a little bit better now
but man taking some vitamins is well I
don't even know if it'll do anything but
it's worth a go no Hamish is making me
juice he said to her but I think I'm a
little bit worse than him
I think lo you knows I'm sick he will
not leave me alone she liked my slip
inside we're going out for Indian food
to diet because we haven't seen McCaleb
even herself in a while so it'll be fun
I'm gonna get it super spicy curry and
hopefully sweat all the sick-out you
sound like a good idea I've just brought
in all my mail hmm so I'm gonna open it
up and show you what I got because
unfortunately today's was being quite
boring all I've done is eat those eggs
cooked the eggs drunk my juice hey this
is one video took me so long because I'm
just I just feel like and I could
not concentrate all I want to just go to
beer don't like that don't make me feel
worse to be honest like it's not like
I'm doing anything in 10 so I'm still
resting at the moment we're not resting
resting that's chilling out my chair
staring at the computer screen my phone
and I lie down and stop I just get all
like can just didn't everything so
polite Auto feel a bit better I have
taken lots of vitamins I ate some
chocolate I had some vitamin C and some
B vitamins and spirulina tablets and I
had ginger and lemon and awesome stuff
just as much stuff I can think of
hopefully I feel a little bit better
tomorrow i'm excited for spicy food i'm
like craving spicy food i was craving
exilair now I'm craving spicy food it's
so weird and now I'm not pregnant right
I'll show you guys what's in my mail so
I got some mac the lipsticks that
sickened from the top is this one here
called it given and then at the very
very top one is a sheen supreme it's
called oh no no no it's a huggable lip
color in soulful and then this look
color here is sweet venom and that is
the second to bottom and then the very
bottom one is so pretty it is called
riot house oh my god I'm obsessed with
it's like a neon peachy nude color they
also got some more of these what are
they called again retrim matte lip
colors I think I did a lot story on them
and there was some new shades I also got
a couple of Studio sculpt in Studio Fix
powder and a light prep and prime
highlighter sample and then in a Stassi
of Beverly Hills sent me sorry
sepia and dusty rose liquid lipsticks
which I think I'm already him so maybe
I'll get them away or something and then
I got a Cynthia dr. Tigard wrinkle
filler the purifying facial peel in the
hydrating facial cleanser
I haven't finished opening things I've
got a soft ochre paint pox I've never
tried this one so I thought it was about
time it's like the yellowish nude so I'm
excited to try that one out
whoops and I've got one of these
lipsticks so pretty this is called pure
vanity it's a really nice peachy pink
alright open the race now it's how cute
this package is from the balm long reign
blush
Louise gonna try and pop that so cute
this stunning color it's like a muted
like 10 nerd peachy tan nerd so I got
this like illuminator for the eyes and
face genuine glorious day Laura it's so
everyday do you think do you think and
then I got this cream stick blusher this
is just sweet cheeks
so do you mind you're in the way you're
in the way
yes you are and then this like eye cream
eye balm from my hand it feels really
nice it feels quite thick and it's just
you know to be applied morning and night
so that it's a fireman is like I call
this on paper you can't see in camera
very well it's like it's super sparkly
like glowy paper I got sent this Cricut
to flower sustainable next one healthy
made out of crickets like the bugs and
then they're 60 seconds to contour
browse by billion-dollar brows and then
the rest is off one set just some
clothes like a shirt dress and for an
underwear
so here and uh some James and like
address this unaware Colombo possible
shoes from show park it's like really
stretchy loan and then just heaps of
clothes I'd be so stuffy right now I
cannot even talk so I'm just gonna leave
that there
yeah what is it that can down just
you see that video bring - they're
bringing out another once I have it all
