good morning Saturday we're at game for
breakfast probably eight spinning
dear
look at the dogs
I don't know what's going on right now
good morning everyone so today is Monday
June logistics I was really hungover and
I felt so sick and we were traveling and
it was just not a fun time today we're
going to go get a car the weather is
absolutely miserable or at the sky city
ground at the moment we check out soon
but yeah we're just gonna go get some
breakfast and then go to the bank the
money and then go get the car I'm so
excited we haven't even seen it yet he
hasn't shown us any photos to psychopath
salesman he's like I don't want to ruin
your surprise like just say it when you
get here it looks really good and I'm
like really nervous I'm like what if
it's what if it looks bad what if
we've made terrible life decisions who
knows I'm sure to look good but yeah
it's breakfast I'm worried this is gonna
just all of a sudden come out
there's no one between from this alright
we just got our insurance go down money
slash chick thing and all ready to go
oh yeah under a shape that looks huge
it's crazy
oh my god looks so good I'm sorry all
those wheels yeah yeah oh yeah
those seats are awesome it's amazing
that's what was a huge like past my
knees do you like it yep
is there a my home and my home now he's
very happy to see us went you hit him
out Dan hit a bit cry it's gonna play
huh
what are you doing what are you doing
Zeus check this out a tight fit we need
to get rid of some stuff out of this
sheets dope that's alright though you
can still get through
listen hiss kind of it's so big it's way
toward the man then your car by the way
I'm sorry I didn't blow match today we
went out for lunch and I grabbed a
camera I thought was my Cameras Cameras
though he blogged lunch
suger cheeto on his channel you got a
whole heap of male 2 that'll probably
work much more making onion cheese and
pineapple toasties for dinner
look at that cheesy goodness we have
like no food in the house like no fresh
food hints you know tinned pineapple
onions in bread I think we'll have to go
grocery shopping tomorrow everyone sorry
about the weird lighting we've got the
lights on it's so dark look at this like
night time actually the lighting
probably looks better on camera it's
really dark so it is Tuesday I fell
asleep so early last night I was so
exhausted and just felt so sick but I
feel so much better today after a good
sleep so thank goodness I don't know if
that was like a two day hangover or what
it was horrible
I just got up head shower to my skin
care and everything now I'm gonna make
it smoothie because I'm gonna hit a
smoothie and so so so long and then I am
what am i doing oh I've got a I appoint
meant to check my eyes it's like my
favorite checkup I think it is but it's
a little bit late because I was away so
it's been almost like a month I think
since I've had my um LASIK what's going
on did you miss me he's tired he just
got out of bed do you hey I see your
tail wagging I know you're not said hmm
anyway yeah I've got my tummy just
equipment
what a great some groceries and I'm just
going to get some work done today and
figure out what I'm gonna do tomorrow
tomorrow's Wednesday and then after
those Thursday and then the day after
that is my wisdom teeth removal so a
little bit of work I need to get done so
that I'm prepared obviously cuz I'm
gonna be a bit swollen for a few days
and I think the week after that Khloe's
coming to visit we're trying to convince
Lauren to come visit I don't know if
she'll be able to make it but hopefully
khloe's coming so me and Sully I'm Chloe
you're gonna hang out we'll probably
just flap to Oakland and
just hang out up there just because of
Chloe's flagging talk-line dolphins fun
I love Auckland so oh god I'm so welcome
to the Range Rover family he for the
coolest little hearings and stuff yeah
anyways I'm gonna make a smoothie
haven't had one in so long so I get to
have my new last protein this is the one
I was using out of the loaves that
bloodbag phages and put so much money to
open but they don't have to wait til
later after my appointment and after I
start with my eating and stuff well he
never figure out what I'm doing first
Oh
to the plaza for my appointment and then
we're gonna get some cables for on your
car like some ox cables and charges and
stuff and then getting groceries and
then going home to keep editing I
started editing this morning
now editing that automatic brush review
I just searched it on YouTube to see if
anyone asks a dumb one see how they did
their video I came across tatty she's so
pretty she did one as well and she I
think similar opinions to me although I
think we were a little bit opposite as
well like almost brushes we liked in
which brushes we didn't like yeah it's
quite interesting to see I wanna watch
this I'm procrastinating yeah seriously
guys this tea like strainer thing is
genuinely the best thing ever because I
used to hate loose teas even with those
little soaking things that you get like
the little strawberries and stuff I find
all the little bits used to still come
into the water
this isn't sponsored by the way but this
one's got that little like I don't know
if you can see in there it's got like a
little stove and so none of the product
gets into your mouth like it's so much
better than so much easier to use and so
much easier to clean I used to hate like
you know those little strawberries would
always fall apart on me and stuff so I
prefer this hitting some it to you right
now and loose-leaf herbal tea oh so yeah
back to work
keep doing
give me them
my camera is dying but I'm trying on a
bull strip here we'll see if it works
someone has stolen my place on the beat
him in you you're gonna see somewhere
else I can't sleep anywhere I'm gonna
have to be stolen
so she's steal my spot he's like I don't
 care he's so cute looked up with
me last night okay he's snorting like a
little piglet yeah his little foot was
butchered it's not just about losing
these don't change
oh here they hurt anyone like to offer
this alright
this was the one on my nose
limb so I open up with my mail so I
thought I'd show you quickly I just
opened up while watching me and Chelsea
got my Korean stuff so I'm gonna do a
haul for all that I'll probably film it
tomorrow even though not all of its
arrived but there's like a lot there to
talk about anyway so I think it'll be
okay cuz some wigs which I'm going to
show you you in actual videos and they
got the violet vas palette I bought the
pro eyeshadows drenched metal looks like
this I haven't even sauced it yet and
then the Laura Lee one which looks it's
so beautiful so let me know if you wanna
see a video on them hopefully the
pigmentation is real guys I just don't
wanna get my fingers all dirty right now
I also got this issue a orchid liquid
lipstick I think I might do a lip swatch
video eventually on these I've got quite
a few now so there's that and then the
bomb sent me this like martini glass and
a whole lot of their new lip liners they
wrote me a little note you a parking
ticket because you've got fine written
all over you just some guy that's way
hotter than you Hamish the information
and then your face sent me all of their
what is it called again
form this way concealer I was gonna buy
this anyway to do a little review for
you guys so so stoked
it's heaps of colors here so I'm
definitely gonna try that I've heard
really good things about it and I do
like the foundation I actually need to
use the foundation you know I haven't
used it in a while cuz I kind of got
hooked on my Marc Jacobs but I really
like pulling this my foundation I've got
a first impression on my main channel if
you want to watch it and then I've got
some skincare bought some stuff from
Paula's Choice they see me stuff
sometimes I'm using a BH a gel exfoliate
at the moment I'm really liking the
results I got some other stuff to try
you know once I'm done just to see what
my favorite is and then the bloody shot
sent me some hemp stuff this is a balm
for super dry skin and then like a body
butter and then this hand one hand cream
as well I like to keep hearing creams in
my bedside drawer so they get really dry
heads at nighttime sometimes and in this
new era for a highlighter which is
incredible I already washed it this is
the bible' hose
swatched on my hand but it's kind of
wiped off because I wash my face before
now I got some new trilogy stuff and
some 10 babe stuff thank you so much
patrina it's like a fake tan and here it
looks really good so yeah she sent me
that um I think that's everything you
guys I'm so excited
so it's led to play with it all this is
over babe ok bye happy because I was
sick
just today we move into the optometrist
I was like oh my god so feeling so much
better actually
epic oh I look really greasy I just put
on some face we'll also my optometrist
said that my eyes are healing up really
well they're a little bit dry but you
said yeah I'm going really well and I
will see them again and I think 2 or 3
months time my nice update so yeah eyes
are feeling awesome some days they feel
a little bit driving other days but when
I slew like it doesn't feel any worse
than when I wore my contact lenses I
just got like I dropped some stuff to
wear here I'm exists LASIK is like the
best thing I ever did
looks like I was just been running a
marathon or something yeah good joke I'm
gonna go to sleep now
if you guys enjoyed today's well ago
super
