hey guys we're at pumps North April
we're flying to Auckland into Melbourne
today got my banana
we've got like an hour away so we've
just ordered some food it's kind of
early on Oh anymore 8:47 thank you you
know then we get to Melbourne and we
might catch up with him as parents
tonight otherwise tomorrow night and
I'll put an event tomorrow and and meet
up tomorrow so I'll vlog everything time
to go
 not boarding the plane down we're
not told yeah just don't know what I
said
he just got to know the images on his
phone we're going out for the night with
his appearance today tonight his dad's
do my brother nieces
see ya sorry I'm sad that I'm so
exhausted we've been traveling all day
it's now not time we lived in the
morning inside so we just got to our
hotel this is the color and I've put us
in the penthouse which is very awesome
although we've got like a home like
veranda how do you get up get up anyway
so got this more maybe but this is the
Lady Luck suite or something it's a
separate room it's a sort of flesh guys
huckle is odd it is put a little uh on
Smit so cool there must be another
bathroom in there this is nuts guys it's
time for me to get rid of I'm gonna put
on some makeup look we even go to
kitchen hey what's the bathroom like so
nice we just got the hell out we've
upgraded you're like oh thank you
I love this is so arty
it's big look stop comfortable so
awesome Oh in fudge I'm tired I'm just
trying to gather my thoughts right now
in the whole day and the whole day we
watched a movie together what are we
watching
neither Eagle mm-hmm 60 a really good
movie yeah I liked it it's different
it's not like it's kind of a chill movie
it's like a feel-good movie yeah yes
feels movie that's true so we're gonna
it's my day yeah it's a really basic
makeup remarkable foundation blush
highlight contour from that palette the
what's hutongs we're gonna hutongs
the bareMinerals palette this is cement
that I think by BH Cosmetics just
mascara brow gel that's it and it's a
good I should have put on proper brows
because I put remarkable foundation on
top of my eyebrows by accident so I kind
of made my brought hitters look green
eyes were red because they're all tired
and dry into my drops
ooh 10 a lot of fake tan on right now
Hamish got the door open for me really
never just get up high it's really been
oh it's cold
it's so beautiful
oh it's freezing
goodness entire like a balcony we have
sort of flesh look we've got sunbathing
geez
sorry - camera shake young fur like
shivering good mornings today I have my
made-up I'm just about to get ready I
just hit a shower go do my hair and
makeup now and find an outfit um this
morning we've got like a lunch thing for
the other thing and then later on is the
Meetup
so yeah should be fun so here's my
makeup of the day I'll just show you the
good lighting oh that's not good
lighting I'm wearing the soulmate lashes
one of my favorite piers and I feel like
I'm having a kind of good brow day so I
could do a little bit more blending but
and they might let says I knowed well my
lips are I'm nude by Geoffrey star
remarkable foundation I am gonna be
changing my outfit this is just for
breakfast cuz we're just gonna go get
some food no I'm gonna straighten my
hair do my hair cuz it's all misty
and I'm gonna yeah change my outfit and
then I'm reading but we still got to
always so going good for time bring your
bag at all
nah check out this video now in the
daytime you can see it and there's a
like we're into look we've got a
barbecue oh you did anslee if you like
you would like yeah we're in the
ladylike room there she is
that green tea yes putting juices all
the way drinking your life in nature one
yeah yeah the other one sounded gross
because I had like cucumber and stuff in
it
here's my juice I got feature damage
cult which game you come back from all
right I'm already I've got my Prada
these shoes are just from ruby shoes and
then this is from white folks boutique I
think and then this jackets from Dottie
and I'm wearing like a little gold chain
as well so bloated today so it's not the
ideal day to with that's good but it's
just laughs we just got into the little
green room I've got choices than water
for us I've no idea what happened
tonight we work for a tour and then we
have lunch soon so yeah I'll take go
along with me no just taste like
chemical
Hey
they come the first paper
I'm in the blog
so I'm here with look like I got their
work so many times
please
during United she's the reason like
thank you
you see whatever I love you so much but
we're gonna go ahead now and say if we
can come out
how's it going guys
good good Justin Shannon's blogger to
say hi we don't know if you'll get
through everyone but hopefully we can
Hey
hey guys so I'm not sure what photo
chambers got I think he said he got some
clips oh I already said thank you to him
oh my gosh I was like so hopeful on this
so many people it was so amazing it was
so nice to meet you guys I'm just so
overwhelmed like it's crazy there's so
many people
hey we should spend for the longest P of
his life yeah there's a petrol station
could you pull over so I can go in the
bathroom and the guys I don't think this
one has a bathroom so we drove past it
they literally drove past like three
others it was so cool meeting you guys
like I was really nervous but it was
really amazing you guys just made me
feel so welcome in love and it was just
so nice to meet you guys I'm sorry if I
didn't get to meet all of you as well I
already stayed like an extra half hour
past Rose me too now car was coming and
I had to go so I'm really sorry if some
of you can didn't get to meet me there's
so many people there like I was not even
expecting that no one was that was crazy
there was so many people like hundreds
of people it was so overwhelming so
thank you so much for all the love right
and Floyd too much today obviously
everything you know doing stuff all day
long so it's night now me and Hamish is
just going to get some dinner somewhere
and we're also going to have to pack
tonight xp leave Billy tomorrow to go to
Queenstown and we need to change some
flights because we've got some flights
we have to change which yeah we're gonna
do that tonight so I don't lose their
money
mmm long story long story by the way
some people ask me if I'm wearing
extensions today I am so my natural here
is here and then the extensions are here
you like squeezing minerals who's
squeezing whose numbers Hamish is grumpy
because they made him walk
it's not freezing look at what I'm
wearing it's not freezing sorry it's not
focusing we're trying to find some way
to eat tuna we're down the triple
straight I think
me too bitch burger this food is so good
so we just finished up today my camera
doesn't know what a bug is tonight that
food was so good
oh yeah this camera I like it'll focus
and I press record and then it on
focuses it's really annoying
might be something wrong with it yeah
that folk was incredible you guys if you
live in Melbourne go there
it looks quite understand look it looks
a little bit hits during a little bit
old school and a little bit low-key
you go in there the food is so good like
ridiculous
