oh hello everyone I have the Dermalogica
sebum clearing mask on right now sure
looks like I just had a shower it is
this one here
oh my memory cards full okay yeah
actually that heaps of stuff off my
memory cards so today I need Peck
I need to print out my paperwork I need
to find all my attorneys for Melbourne
and I want to edit some vlogs I actually
got all of my videos sorted on the
weekend I film someone the week and did
tons of editing and it'll my description
boxes and everything on the weekend so
today it's just like doing a little to
find a little bits and pieces so gonna
pack first do the important staff emails
and then whatever time I have left this
afternoon I will spit into doing some
vlogs for you guys I've got all the
heaters on in the house right now I've
got my heat pump in my beauty room with
the door but I've got the heat pump in
the lounge and this one offices so
freaking freezing today I'm just trying
to like warm up the house for an hour or
two because I don't maybe like walking
around the house packing in the freezing
cold even though I'm dressed in this but
it's because I'm gonna be trying on
outfits or days so I need some heat in
here all day I'm gonna let me try out
outfits all day hopefully only take me
like an hour or two hopefully hopefully
I just opened up my suitcase and it's
still got everything in it from Vegas
I've had from the duty stuff obviously I
took out all the Duty clothes but uh all
the rest of it is still in here so hmm
alrighty then let's do this this is so
confusing because I've just been like
lost out picking by the way I've got a
pic like super cold stuff for Queenstown
kind of cold stuff for Molly because
it's kind of cold there at the moment
and then stuff Auckland which should
probably be around the same as Melbourne
or a little bit colder so I've got like
two skirts in case I feel warm in
Melbourne because you know like mal
wouldn't could be too hair still kind of
warm and I still wear skirts here
sometimes so I'm just taking a couple in
case and I've got two pairs of pants the
ones from white for sweetie remember I
forgot to try them on that time and
these ones from a sauce then I've got
two pairs of jeans but I might pick one
more pair of jeans for clean snow in
case they get wet or something you know
and then a bunch of tops a couple of
jackets and if you kind of cardigan and
knits and stuff like that
I don't know what shoes to take like I'm
literally taking them because they're
really comfy and they'll probably good
be good for the meet up and then I'm
gonna take like a new pair of heels and
I just don't know what ow
I packed that but I don't think I'll
take this anymore this is like a
jumpsuit because I found some other
stuff I feel a little bit more
comfortable in whenever I do meet up so
it's we're stuff where I feel really
comfortable in the clothes otherwise I
just feel I don't know I guess paranoid
that I'm just gonna look gross and all
the photos or I feel gross and so I look
girth you know it means probably only
hit but I just like to wear really comfy
clothes it made up I was gonna with it
but I feel like it's just a little bit
too out there for me right now I need to
practice in that first I'll probably
wear that out clubbing one day he's like
I want to get onto the blanket and your
big bag is riding away so I've just got
to see it all for this plastic bag and
Jersey
he's nothing what are you saying love
you
you're probably sitting here soon chu
yep there we go
cool always good have sit on my clothes
eh
yes I'll pick you if you want Jenny come
with me the Meetup
I'm sure everyone would love that I'm
picking up my makeup now so I've got
lights on everywhere it is so dark
inside today I'm obsessed with the song
tiny cities by flume so good it's cool
here stop I've been trying on clothes
all morning King stories my hair's a
wreck
could I show you what kind of makeup and
packing so I've organized my face I'm
gonna take my hangover primer and also
this Mike Jacobs little what's it called
covert affairs coke color corrector
stick thing and then I've got my two
shades of matte jakers foundation
because I will be faked hand but just so
I can mix a custom color if I start
fading or anything so I've got 28 bisque
and tea and ivory light I realized
actually to pay off me like all the time
like I've got no effect in on at the
moment
and it is still so pale so if you're
looking for a good pale foundation like
this is truly quite light I'm not like
the palest of pale people but yeah such
a good formula I'm taking my makeup
store when to pattern Sahara for a bit
of a glowy finish from a little bit of a
glow and also my translucent powder by
Laura Mercier which I've just been
really liking lately powder brush round
top brush which is perfect with this
foundation and then for concealer I'm
taking ring first to see oh and I need
this as well my um sensual skin enhancer
bicubic one for new breakouts that may
pop up which probably will pop up and I
might need a concealer brush to bloom it
up and I might just have this as well to
blend that and the concealer up
all right so now I've got a bunch more
brushes I'm taking my makeup revolution
at contour kit I tried the other day for
the first time it's pretty good so
hopefully it'll continue to be good for
me while I've got my events on and
everything it's got really pretty
highlight isn't it so I'm just gonna
rely on these highlighters it's kind of
hard to see but I'm gonna do those and
then I've also got blushes and a
highlight and bronzer in this palette
here this is by um who is it
via minerals the regal wardrobe so I'm
just going to take those eyeshadows so
there's a cool row in a warm row and
then there's a highlighter and blushes
and prongs are there and then contour
and highlight and here and my yellow
powder funds in my eyes so it's a little
powders I need and then I've just got a
shimmery lip friends in my eyes a
bronzer brush for contouring I have a
tapered fiber brush for my blush I've
got a dense fiber brush for my bronzing
and then a shimmer brush I'm a fan brush
my highlighter and then just a selection
of different eye brushes just some
blending brushes eye shadow brushes
there is a little pencil brush my brow
brush you know just the essentials so
this is the rest of the stuff I'm taking
taking my tools so my schockner scissors
tweezers and eyelash curler for lashes
and everything lash glue of course and
then I'm taking the dramatic set of
lashes this is the old packaging by the
way and it's squash so that's why I'm
taking this one because it's gonna get
squashed in my makeup bag while it's
shoved into my suitcase anyway I also
have the brow gel and cheechee blonde
brow pomade my chills sitting spray NYX
black liquid eyeliner and I'm gonna take
this mascara to try this is high-impact
by Clinique and then I've got my makeup
revolution rose gold my nude eyeliner by
Rimmel and then a little minista
Stryper eyeshadow primer sorry and then
I've got two lip liners here this one
here is BFF by color pop and then this
is Mary Jo K by Kylie and now I've got
Mary Jo K here Kandy K this is BH
Cosmetics tabatha and then this is the
metafile lipstick and Monsieur that's
that um collection but you still order
like the Kylie Jenner off one anyways
and then milkshake by Anastasia Beverly
Hills and I'm nude at by Jeffrey star
I'm knows just a little bit darker and I
figured I take milkshake in case I want
something super super pale so yeah
that's what I'm taking hopefully I
haven't forgotten anything
that's everything I just swapped out the
Laura Mercier powder from Mac Studio Fix
powder just cause it takes up less room
it's a little bit lighter so yeah it's
everything I just finished editing five
vlogs one of them way up today and then
the rest are going up over the next few
days while I'm away CA there's some
stuff you to watch and I've set up all
my videos for all I'm going on my main
channel Monday when today Friday so yeah
I'm pretty much set to go which feels
are really really good I've almost
finished packing I just gotta pack my
electron it's like my Kindle and camera
charges and stuff like that so yeah we
leave early tomorrow morning so sorry
but vlog much today it's just yeah I
just got busy real quick oh sorry it is
6:30 and what I've eaten all day is
chocolate and it four pieces of Milky
Bar and two little balls I'm kind of
hungry
when twas that should go shoulder
straight yeah that's it Chuck I feel
like Frank you Edom's I'm painting my
toenails Fiji but it's E
coming vodka
you know what is it putting on
love friend butter pudding up
