good morning I'm just making a tea today
I didn't vlog yesterday it was a mirror
of a day again my new camera wouldn't
work and then I went to the doctor came
home watch some more like it was just a
really boring and hit dig in busy day
and just lots of stuff kept going wrong
so there's just no point at all but yeah
I got maybe twelve yesterday I really
feel like had a bit of sleep I don't
know how I'm just you know imagining it
probably I'm imagining it but I feel
better and I also got these pills
because basically I've like hurt my
muscle like on my lower hip but area so
yeh to get some pills from my doctor so
yeah yesterday which is wasn't that fun
to be honest sir Hamish was amazing and
he helped me fix my camera and he helped
me figure out why basically what
happened that's my rapist chuggers
boiling basically what had been was you
know how I usually focus my camera and
everything through my computer so I can
see Rudi's how I can see the makeup and
lighting and stuff yeah that wasn't
working it had no software and the
camera didn't have a software which I
knew I knew it was online but online it
wasn't showing any software either but
he much bigger to help me diminish
download time but it still wouldn't work
and the computer needs update and all
this stuff but yeah he got it to work
eventually so he saved my life so today
I'm going to film something this morning
I filmed yesterday I really liked my
makeup used today so I hope the footage
came out well I'll probably eat it there
later I will show you what it looks like
it was using the beauty color palette by
Geoffrey start and I also did a haul but
I have no idea for the hall was good
because the lighting was just hectic and
I couldn't like I can see from the
little camera if i debit it's not as
easy to keep it really fluid the whole
time like sometimes I was like super
bright and I didn't really notice
because I was like too busy looking at
you know the camera lens rather than
looking at the little screen so I hope I
hope it came out okay and I also don't
know if I'm in focus or anything like I
kicked out lots of the photos and in
half the photos I was a little bit
blurry because on the computer it tracks
you better and you can click we want it
to focus so it's just so much better but
yeah how much fixed it for me sit so I'm
doing this morning I'm just making
myself some tea and then I'm going to
started Ivan even showered yet I just
really feel like what it'll make out
right now and I might just something see
me crazy
put it on fill middle and then have a
shower or bath later and then just relax
and do some editing I just have to get
lots of stuff done because basically if
you follow me on snapchat you would have
seen this Plus this is already happened
by the time you see these vlogs that on
Tuesday I go to Melbourne now on
Wednesday ever meet up there on Thursday
fly from Melbourne to Queenstown and
then we're catching out with friends on
Friday Saturday Sunday then on Sunday
with like to Auckland to pick up the
Range Rover and then Tuesday we're
coming back home so it's just like this
hectic huge week ahead and then so I get
from on the Tuesday Monday or Tuesday
don't go and then she say sometime I've
got to go the optometrist hit my eyes
checked and then on Friday I get my
wisdom teeth out so I just been
absolutely hit deck working really
really hard to try and get all of my
videos filmed and it is very difficult I
sort of film like two videos or so I
don't want to not upload like I guess I
can do some filming next week in between
my appointments and stuff but rather
just get as much done now as I can just
in case I don't have time or something
happens next week and I have more
appointments and stuff to go to that
always happens I have to go get my
acrylic nails off and stuff once it go
for the wisdom teeth removal because I'm
going under for it so yet Albury
full-on right now I've got so much is
you have to do I still get it at like
two or three videos for a while on the
way and I figure when I have my wisdom
teeth out while I'm recovering because
obviously I want to film because I'll be
all puffy and saw while that's happening
I'll just do more editing probably I've
just got to make sure I've got enough
footage to continue to get it over that
time so you know my blogs are beads so
 over the last few days because I've
just been working really hard and not
really been doing anything else
interesting like elope you know vlog
today because when I felt like it into I
don't like yesterday my vlogs this week
have just been short and shitty so yeah
filming now and I've got some packages
that arrived yesterday that I'll show
you today I haven't opened them yet lots
of clothing because I bought some new
clothes for my what's it called my
meetup in Melbourne I wanted something
new to wear
it's kind of cold Melbourne I haven't
packed yet so I'll probably do some
packing laid all tomorrow on Sunday now
I've got Monday to work as well I also
needed a pickle because my toenails are
really disgusting so I might do that
later or tomorrow or something as well
so much stuff happening look at this
mess like I am terrible most of this
rubbish because it's from my empties
video I just been filming filming
filming and again the rubbish has just
piled up I need to clean it up but I
must find time well it done something
really crazy and bright today and I
tasted my friend Kelly not Kelly you
know a different Kelly and I think we're
gonna go for a dog walk soon cuz it's a
really nice day to meet you there and
then come home and eat it later this
afternoon like a little business Louie
very much young man huh yeah and he like
he's like the same size yeah
just working here Morgan
you dream it face he's got seaweed salad
stuck in his teeth cut it up
that's it my grandpa
I chose that Jersey room it's like no
don't like it
name chatter laughs okay I'll see I made
a fashion statement
all right I'll show you the mail I got
sitting from chauffeur whitefox potato
sauce Kylie it is one from a loving term
so I got all of the metallics and all of
the glosses and two of one of the
glosses by accident and then more of
these which I got some double ups
because I'm gonna do a giveaway thank
you guys so yeah I think these are all
double ups
let's just stay tuned for that it's cool
how this looks like it's handwritten
like it's really clever hello sir have
you come to help me have you come to
help me what's in there look how cute
these shorts are from whitefox boutique
oh my God look at that detail so pretty
I got this pretty Jersey got really cute
little details on the side to make and
it's cropped I got this lingerie piece
look at it it's so sexy
I'm obsessed in this adorable crop top
like crosses over and it feels really
nice and soft and then this Jersey here
which has this kind of crisscross design
in the front cute was this a luminous
cream or something
bronze shimmer luminous cream is it
deluxe deluxe applicator met here
Shannon blow girl that's so cool
bronze shimmer luminous cream yes
because I like their normal makeup stuff
you know that um like leg makeup so
exciting so I just tried it do you mind
they got treats before so they're brief
does not smell nice no Sue's had chicken
flavor and Louie had bacon flavor Hey
so it's lost it I let him choose there's
got to choose and I like held them both
out in different hands and he sniffed
the big one he's like yeah that's right
sniff the chicken one lost his he
was like spinning and he was just so
happy a sauce Louie sorry so from a
sauce I got some lingerie and do I have
like a waist strap and this brow here
and then this bright here and then my
favorite one with that so pretty and
more stuff so I got this really chunky
knit your arms kind of come out the side
here and then the Front's open if that
makes any sense
he thinks it's a blanket hmm cool we're
asked to take it shoot is choker look at
that
it's like lace
Oh master his moves Oh God nope
always got to sleep with a toy I think
this is the same style very similar kind
of style but in this like light bluish
gray color it's not a blanket such a
spoiled brat you're lucky you don't
smell oh you what are you sniffing me
for I got this place suit it looks
really really cute so I might try that
on at some stage and that could be a
possible meetup outfit what do you think
and then I got this beige colored kind
of play suit thing which I thought would
look really cute with like a cute little
blazer on top or something and I got
this red jumpsuit which hopefully will
look good on me I have no idea but I
really love the color so at that also I
got hair ties when I do French braids
put this ariana grande headband which I
thought it'd be really cute for when I
do my makeup it's really cute I also got
a couple more chokers this lace one
which is so beautiful and in one that's
very similar in white it's got a little
like pearls on it so cute I die in this
stuff here is from show park these are
some really cute high-waisted shorts
like a little bow at the front that you
tie up and they're really cute like
folded over skirt and then these hair
actually black pants it doesn't really
focus with a bow at the front and then
they're just like quite long
and then this here is a maxi dress and
it's got like mess of slits down the
side somewhere there we go so that's
another option for the meet up some grey
jeggings
I love this color especially was like a
knit like that so cute and then like
pink accents like maybe like in order
really wants like pink boots but can't
find me in my size I found the perfect
ones on a website and they were in every
size but might size which is typical and
then I got the set here the cutest girl
will split up the side it should be
really nice I like the color especially
once I have a good tan on and I got this
top here which I think will look really
good with either the diggings or even
those shorts I got so yeah got that now
I got this ruched skirt and then this is
a dress with a kind of cow turtleneck
which I thought was so do it with like
some boots I feel like it to be so good
and then final thing is a Jersey I think
this is the back yeah this is the back
it's got like a ties up I think it's so
cool trying out this acne light thing I
just got like research is just aiming it
all my chin where you get right how's
the most 15 minutes I try doing it every
night that I remember for like a month
and see what happens
