hey everyone so it is till o'clock on
Wednesday
I've obliged it all this morning because
I've just been filming I did like a
first impression on this like mechanical
spinning brush thing and then I did
Kylie lip swatches and droops that I
organized last night and I hadn't
absolutely Mir my camera get corrupting
my memory cards so to refilm the Kiley's
portions three times and in the end i
had to film 30 seconds at a time and it
took me like two or three hours to get
it all done I want to rip my hair out
right now um I mean anything today so
water when I woke up and I wasn't hungry
and now I'm like starving because
filming took me like another hour or two
longer than it should have today I'm
going to edit this afternoon and I'm
making lunch now I'm just making this
Indian doll soup I max just boil water
and then cook it for 25 minutes and then
it's done
says its natural no preservatives GMO
free dairy free vegetarian we're just
going to have that for lunch and I'm
going to eat it a vlog now I just feel
so sorry for myself I got some packages
too I'll show you those really quickly
so I bought this myself this is the
vegan riches Indian Kitchen cookbook
because I love their Facebook page I
love Indian food as you know so I
thought I get this because I liked the
way some of the recipes looked be fun to
try some of those and no I'm not a vegan
people always ask me I just like to cook
vegan food sometimes and then I got some
stuff from feel unique it's got busted
by the way this bollocks look at this
someone's dropped it hopefully nothing's
broken I got this hundred percent pure
manuka oil something it's going to be
really good for your skin there we go
really good feel skin I got the Rimmel
good to glow highlighter I'm actually
going to do a drugstore haul but it go
well swatch all of this fear the room
all little illuminators time your birth
staff let's have a sneak peek I'll show
you swatches in the video as I said
that's pretty more Tanya burr met
eyeliner
Nick's eyeliner heaps of stuff so yeah
keep an eye out for my haul I also got
this organic point mint
it's supposed to be really really
that's what I got from Phil unique and
then one of my liquid lipsticks arrived
from Jeffrey style which one's this
mannequin so what's the other one I got
doll parts or something like that I
can't read what the other one I bought
was but this is mannequin it's like a
lighter nude it looks so similar I'm
nude here but I'm sure it won't be be
I'm really excited because I love nudes
and then the next things I got from
glitter eyes these are supposed to be a
isafe glitter so not like craft glitter
like some other priests glitter company
and you're not really allowed to say I
say for something but it's cosmetic
grade glitter because apparently no
glitter is i-safe but it's cosmetic
grade there you go
so I got one empty palette with there
should be ten shades here one two three
four five six and eight my god I ordered
too many goddamn it anyways what note
that's right
twelve there's 12 in here I thought
there was ten okay and then I also got
this pre-made palette so they're all
handmade and everything yeah I think I
got these off Etsy or something let's do
a little swatch which one which one
let's do this one there is plastic on
top abort mission
okay this one broke so not a good start
I have to try and repress it yeah these
ones are breaking - that one's
definitely see it please hello yes
super super beautiful min goes to a
differently broken all the others are
fine look how sparkly
this actually tastes like so good good
morning guys so hmm just woke up a
little while ago by the way I so I'm
going to the gym because one I've been
so busy trying to preform for next week
I've got Melbourne Queenstown Auckland
and then after that get my wisdom teeth
out so I've been crazy work can't be
working from like 8 a.m. until about 6 7
8 o'clock at night and then even last
night I was like sitting in bed doing
stuff while Hamish was studying so it's
just been crazy I can't wait to get back
to the gym but also my core is all
strong not obviously where it should be
so I can't do anything crazy just
walking but I still just feel Blair like
I've been trying to walk most days more
dogs and stuff but life is so hectic
anyways today is throwing me out because
I've got to go get my hair done at 10 o
clock it's half past 8:00 at the moment
of shallow didn't wash my face and
everything I've got a little bit of a
face mask on if you wondering what that
is and yeah then I've got my hair I'm
going to work this after I'm going to do
some work this morning and then tonight
I've got images grenades birthday dinner
he's turning 90 which is pretty cool so
yeah that's what's happening today could
you hit the fly spray stuff oh I can't
wait to get back into routine this
wisdom teeth thing is like my last thing
for a while actually I think Khloe's
coming to visit after I have my wisdom
teeth out like the next weekend so it's
just stuff happening all the time but
it's very exciting but it'll be good to
get into a routine eventually you know
what I mean I just feel so out of it and
just I don't know plus I guess because
Hamish is so busy it's just making me
feel weird as well cause like that's
kind of disrupting our routine as well
like us doing things at night and like
on the weekends and stuff and it just
feels strange such such such a busy time
right now and vidcon's like next week
and I just I was like nah I can't go
anyway I'm going to Queenstown with my
friends just for like a little break
it's just a weekend trip before they go
to Melbourne for work and then after
they've got to go to Auckland pick up
the Range Rover which is very exciting
and then drive that home on Monday so
that's the plan lots of stuff happening
I'm sorry about the lighting this
like really really bright in the kitchen
these days see this that's crazy
that's going to have cereal for
breakfast today because I can't be able
to make you they haven't it's moving
ages because a big juicing lately I'm
going to have this one for breakfast
today I really like this it's good I
have four packages here and then I've
got three by the door as well can you
see those massive boxes yummy in there
so it has its bun on the mat naughty
supposed to be in your bed huh
Burmese like gross roost
you know there's best be no beard huh
hey I'm going to eat breakfast do some
work and then if I have time for my hair
appointment open some parcels otherwise
I shall do that later on tack the stuff
came at packaged amazing this is from
makeup revolution I just don't show you
like so much bubble wrap so again I'm
going to put this in a drugstore haul
video but here's a little overview of
some of the things I got my other stuff
from feel unique arrived exciting I'm so
excited to try this I've heard some good
reviews about it or read some good
reviews okay how am I going to do this
without peanuts going everywhere
all right one second so I got this
gilded HoneyBaked swirl illuminate by
Lori Alex I've had a lot of good stuff
about that and then this it's an acne
light treatment I thought I'd try it
because it's supposed to kill the
bacteria under your skin and everything
here's some info about it I'm going to
try it out tonight I think four weeks of
daily use with combination of blue and
red light was shown to make a real
difference after 12 weeks to stir skin
where's listen flame ding Clara I read
some reviews in some people said it was
showing how it was working with it like
a week and other people said like two
weeks and like all those different stuff
so I just have to try it out for myself
and in this game of things it wasn't too
bad it was like a hundred and something
dollars I think um so yeah let me give
it a go this here is my stuff from
beauty joint which again I'll show you
in a drugstore whole video so I'm just
going to keep this packaged up because
it looks really intense to get into yeah
I got this gift from asked why actually
to friggin pay customs which was such a
bummer to pay like $150 because I guess
they didn't declare it as like a gift
it's okay cute look it's got my name on
it
mm-hmm
so I've got most of these already I
bought them myself already I think I've
got like most of the top ones I've
definitely got this one I think I've got
this one do I order out that one owner I
don't have these two for sure and then I
think these are new we'll have a chica
colors like a bronze another bronze and
another bronze that one's like more of
my skin tone Ellie thank you so much
others good well I'm excited to try
these out I'm excited to do shades of
these to play with that package and
they're very well I can't get it out
right now okay so here's a before of my
hair and after looks so much better
yeah I got a heroes on the grow that's
seen it Calvin grow I'll list their
Facebook page down below if you're in
palm you need a good hairdresser go
there cuz they're so good
time to get some groceries now because
we have it no stuff for salad and I want
salad that's an only thing when you eat
salads more often like a lettuce just
goes off so fast and I just hate grocery
shopping with a passion has your
probably noticed salad for lunch
hello everyone so I've done my makeup
let's not focus I gotta focus focus on
me thank you
so simple makeup two days and cream
contouring a little bit of extra
highlighter nice big lashes same lashes
as yesterday um thus lipstick is
colour-pop ultra satin lip and Molly
just took lots of Instagram photos now
I'm going to go do some more editing
before dinner my cameras arrived but I
haven't unboxed yet I'll probably do it
a little bit later
Speights ate laughs it was bloody
awesome
I don't think I'd have done the single
mother what have you got a girl
it's wrong and she Pat you maybe girls
mean to be my seducing you run on the
internet world oh bloody beauty answers
Jesus selectional mush mush balls in the
hey miss D your sheep
he loves this toy is it yeah this is the
one we got him in Auckland Airport last
time
tah-tah he doesn't want to give it to me
he's like no boy drop by
hi Lily thank you really yeah yeah they
know you're so good at catching you so
happy look this total goes like yeah
because I've no more throwing their
shirt yeah this is my toys leave it
alone
I know it's cuz he loves it so much oh
it's cuz you can't do it look at what's
going on ya know or you can feel I still
sleep with that one cuz it's comfy
anyway the quad arrived arrived to make
guitar books so I got my stuff off I
think it's purgatory indeed or something
like that more cameras are called the
eos EDD watch out Zeus don't want to cut
you know know whether they come out just
recently like it only just landed in New
Zealand I'm pretty sure cuz before it
was on pre-order and then I went around
and it was there so I just got the book
and body only I'm pretty sure it and I'm
pretty sure this is for you only
yes body only because I've already got a
lens Hey look at small Zeus's he's as
big as my camera almost none of em now
got a new tripod I actually spent a
decent amount of money this time cuz
every other tripod I buy for like $100
like just completely falls apart every
single time like mine fall apart in here
I want it that I have at the moment so
every time I put it up and down like
falls apart or me and falls over
so actually support a pretty decent
quality one this time and hopefully
it'll last me for years
instead of like one year I think I spent
like 200 and something or 300 it's a
little bit more than normal but this is
the one I got there you go it's got a
10-year warranty so yeah I'm pretty sure
it's pretty good I can't remember how
much I paid for it got some stuff from
whence it as well the link is down below
if you live in New Zealand sign up to
one so it's the best website
it's like indeed sale but for designer
stuff it's way better so I got some
stuff in Hamish got some stir send it up
in Thank You Hamish sit up my camera for
me so much recycling is it cuz he was
saying what are those for what what is
this sure my god I got his hair I'm so
obsessed with it look how cool this is
haha this obviously comes off do you
like it no Sony's I'll show you them in
a second some shoes Hamish is Hamish go
you prison look bad though thank you
dear did you is getting it that's why it
looks I'm grateful obviously thank you
oh I know I was just going to can I
got you this gift why are you filming
this
it just looks makes me look like an
asshole I got a scare it's really cool
it's not yours
I got these epic shoes black pair and
tan pair so cool you guys know I love
the style and these Sony's which are all
really similar this is like gold and
rose gold black and gold and then silver
and black is so cool obviously they look
a bit out of the packaging but make
hemorrhage flashing at me no time for
these things a tzer's no time no this
little like side table anyways I'm a in
the vlog here now because the camera is
going to die any second thanks for
watching talk to you tomorrow
by
