good morning off to Wellington today I
use this this morning the Urban Decay
pore refining no not this pore refining
peel this is not it
it's this brand and like range it is
this I'm in the shower now look at the
width this scrub the rehab makeup pretty
pretty skin polish and basically my skin
teacher is so much smoother now like a
little bit black kids are gone it feels
completely smooth same with my nose and
I just put some of the American oil I
think it is I'm just feeling it it's so
much better than yesterday I even feel
like the puffiness is down a slight bit
so I drank so much water let me tell you
that much okay and yeah we're leaving
now I'm just leaving my hair in this to
ear dry in the car on the way down we're
at the Witter workshop we were about to
do a tour of just being it to pop I
forgot to vlog to be honest look how
much things like props are we're not
props they're just like stuff you can
buy really maybe people pay for it it's
a good thing that's what you'll feel
about that how much
district 9 yeah King Kong oh look that
looks like that thing I'll say maybe you
showed me I don't know but that looks
like that thing on what's it called
labyrinth
your favorite limit what does he say
yeah we're a Nick Makar is taking like
all day so we're literally just wasting
time and we're kind of bored
cuz it can't be a valid shopping
carrying stuff can't be bothered
shopping you guys know what I mean we're
gonna do some Christmas shopping but
actually carrying it around it's just
like
young
during her shift she was called upstairs
for a chat by Roger J Hutton the
mid-atlantic marketing area zone manager
Blaine said that hot and grabbed her
from behind when she walked into the
room
finally we're almost ready to launch the
pants I know you guys have been looking
forward to them or some of you who saw
my hints and things on social media I'm
so excited
this is the packaging me
but
what this
that looks dodgy the tripod no cuz I'm
filming my morning routine tomorrow Oh
so since today what's the time it's like
late
it's 843 we've literally done nothing
today in the vlogs I hit the widow
workshop we couldn't vlog until the very
end so I couldn't do any log footage yet
to Papa we went to stop her but I've
shown everything huh and I'm so full
from lunch I'm not cooking dinner so got
like nothing to put on my blog so I'm
gonna I'm but some stuff again so these
bubble wrap things are from it make up
top coat om see it I think I just
started opening it yes they gave me a
gift voucher makeup the Korean said the
links down below by the way and then
here it says hey Shannon here are some
recent you've reached collection
collections for your distracting me to
stricture oh my god distractions
collections for your collection from
clear thank you so we've got a couple of
highlighters which will probably pop in
a giveaway that many MUA and then the
shade new free to mind we have it the
family collection which comes with all
of these legs I might just keep most of
the stick of ways for you guys anyone
that wants it we've got Christmas cookie
and then we've got this open here for
nerds which is a whole lot of mini new
shades which is super cure my favorites
not in there I'm kind of interested to
try skin type you can see all the shades
right there so thank you so much makeup
top coatings heed / clear thank you
and then I also got the CR Taylor
Morello beauty haul vol enter which I'm
really excited about it loved it the
first one
this palette also features like some
green some Reds some cooler toys like
Silver's and stuff like that so I'm
really excited
I love this color here oh my gosh they'd
be really good for a pair adult tutorial
for my cocktail series I love that halo
color too oh my gosh so shimmery
I'm Coco such a nice peachy like neutral
color North with the sisters collection
sent me at this a really lovely package
I actually bought their t-shirts and
then they emailed me and asked if they
could see me a couple more because I was
just so excited that I wore them in my
video or my not my video sorry my
Instagram post
they said Chinon thank you so much for
your support from the nope sisters
so basically this is like I don't know
if I remember we've got it in vlog I'm
sure I must've anyway they basically
make t-shirts and they're really cool
t-shirts and then proceeds go to
charities to support like what the
t-shirts all about so I posted one about
consent and it was the note T and then
they've got one for like mastectomy 's
and like it hits us up so you have to go
check them out like periods and all
sorts of stuff so this is the period t
from memory I think it Lech a charity
they work with that some of the proceeds
go to I think help provide affordable or
free like temples and so something like
they'll have to check the website again
oh here we go and then this is the other
one I was talking about which completely
speaks for itself it's such a statement
come on this is really hard to do one
hand do I should put the camera down but
I refused there we go
so cool so definitely check them out
guys
nope sisters just google it it'll come
up next up is something from raw
cosmetics calm dish and and check out
fresh new range look so inside there is
a recovered me face oil with coconut oil
evening primrose and a Siberia we have a
nourish me hand and nail cream which I
need because my hands are so dry like I
was saying the other day yesterday I
think it was we have
polish me face oh I'm excited I'm
looking forward to trying new face
exfoliators I'm like trying to find
another one I love at the moment I
really like the one I use this morning
but I don't know I'm just gonna buzz at
the moment you guys know how it is and
then a micellar water and another oil
well it looks yeah a fine line serum
with a wild berry harvest coconut water
goji berry an acai and then we have all
the lids coming off what are they well
it's got a brush on one end and then
it's like an illuminator I'm gonna save
some of those so first impressions what
I think like try it out for the first
time in a video because there's so many
new things so that there is a mascara
and then it looks like some lip products
glosses and maybe liquid lipsticks by
the looks of it it's quite unique
packaging it's like wooden and the last
thing this is open immediately which is
random okay it makes sense there's like
just a ton of chocolate in here where
these come from
Ifrah thank you or afraid get you can't
eat this you'll die oh my gosh
so the chocolates get all come from
Harry and David oh my gosh there's like
so much stuff I've never heard of this
brand but it looks fancy AF oh my god it
it Oh some of them kind of melted yeah
look at this dog he just wants to eat it
do you know how like we'll have to tell
you the beer you don't like go another
beer so you're not eating it and is it
these ones which kind of look like
Jeffers I wonder what they're I'm just
like opening them or chocolate hole and
I don't have a clue what status is that
they say oh no they don't say on them up
there I wouldn't know
oh my god is this chocolate popcorn that
looks good on her is that is it popcorn
or is it looks like there's nuts in
there maybe I don't know and then
there's these and then there's this
which oh here we go
if you guys are interested abner Louie
seriously you can't eat it I've told you
time and again get so lovely I think
Sartre
oh my gosh how did I miss that I was too
excited about the chocolate I think
there we go it's a cute note as well so
nice next up we have this cracker from
huda beauty and inside we have it the
mini huda beauty palette so this one is
the more of obsessions and the warm up
brown we've got the mini tweezers and
Jade lashes and cement the lashes which
are probably my favorite ones from the
huda beauty range and then at this
little liquid met set which is super
cute and this color is a trophy life
with an island lip liner
I'm so tired if you can tell and the
shameless lip scrub which is so pretty
so cute and then last but not least is a
little package from mica with a note
dear Shannon wishing you a wonderful
holiday season a Happy New Year thankful
of your support this year we've
absolutely loved working with you and
comets to you in 2018 thank you guys so
much and they sing a whole lot of bigger
goodies alum little sit and Mario the
disco stick oh my fing is breaking might
not break though I can't even talk right
now you guys I'm so Blair my camera is
blinking I think as what does mean to
say the better is dying this I'm gonna
give to him ish clearly cute oh my gosh
I'm loving my married experience fall
yet in cleanser then we have this lame
of your life little suit from soap &
Glory
so cute thank you guys so much and
unfortunately I'm just going to say
goodbye now look at this that it's
brewed today by the way just like this
huge blind pimple with that come from
probably my period to be honest I'm so
hot and just tired and I don't know I'm
just gonna talk to you guys tomorrow bye
