good morning everyone so this morning
I'm going to film some videos I'm gonna
do a first impression and a makeup
tutorial and then after that I'm going
to eat and then I've got a meeting this
afternoon for some photography stuff
that I'm doing with the exodia I'm gonna
go see O'Brien Mesa I've done a
photoshoot with him before in the past
you guys might have seen him here and
there on my social media in stubbly I
don't know um yeah I'm gonna go meet up
with him and just talk through some
projects I want to do big slow Beauty
and Benes and product photos and just
all sorts of stuff exciting stuff so
yeah that's the plan for today I'm gonna
do some makeup I hit this nasty asshole
today so it's a little face masters
before just to calm my skin and it's a
lot less swollen now thank goodness I
think I'm gonna just in tramatic today
with my makeup may be something like
maroon or something like that I haven't
done too many colorful looks lately and
i will be doing some sooo now it's gonna
do one today but because i'm doing a
first impression I've got to wear it all
day long and I don't want to go to town
in case the ends up being super crazy I
could just do like a subtle colorful
makeup but I've put a few colorful
makeup looks I want to do in my head
that are not subtle if that makes sense
so yeah I will be doing them stay tuned
for them just not today also I woke up
to the nude news of that Orlando
shooting which holy crap like the other
day it was that youtuber and to be
honest I didn't actually follow her at
all like I didn't really know much about
her but of course when that shooting
happened I learnt a lot more and it's
things that she was just absolutely
loved so much especially in the YouTube
community it was heartbreaking my heart
broke her christina grimmie her name was
Christine and she got shot by some
psycho and then today and Orlando what
was like 40 or 50 people or something
like that got shot by some other
psycho person and it's horrifying like I
know it's not the gun that does the
crime it's the person with the gun but
controller you guys America you're high
up people can in for some kind of
regulations of the laws that makes it a
lot harder for these psychos to get guns
in their hands like I was watching
Diddley woman the other night and people
would simply fill out a form to get a
gun license and when it was like have
you got him into it on this history they
were just like no no one checks you know
and have these people that are applying
for Gardens there
and she needs to kill people I who knows
maybe they don't have any mental illness
in their little patient I don't know
what you know what I'm saying it doesn't
matter it just the fact that almost
anyone can just go out there and grab a
gun like that's horrifying surely they
can be something done I don't know why
I'm not a politician I'm not a
government person I don't know what can
and can't be time come on now
this is horrifying and it should not be
hitting it's awful like even Hamish is
like I want you doing me nuts anymore I
don't want you doing this I don't you do
that I am I'm doing a meet-up like next
week or the week after next week next
week or next week it's the fit fight you
would never expect something like that
to happen it's terrifying it's scary
thank goodness here in New Zealand like
it's a lot different when it comes to
gun laws and these kind of things don't
really happen like this of course like
the odd incident here in there but
nothing too terrible has happened to
thank goodness or too many people out
there with horrible minds like super
horrible minds on a positive note the
Range Rover is finished but we are
giving a couple more changes I think we
are changing a couple of the outside
colors was it like the silver paneling
on one part of the car door really not
much about it we're changing it to black
getting like a seat cover made and just
like little bits and pieces before we go
to pick it up
so we'll be picking it up as soon as we
can it's just unfortunate timing because
Hamish is getting really frizzy and he's
got exams like this week next week so
it's kind of bad timing but what can you
do we'll just have to pick it up
afterwards in a week or two and then
like next week you wear away like next
week we're away and I'll bit in and then
we go to Queenstown and then we're home
so just like the worst timing but I'm so
excited that it's done yay it's here
it's a New Zealand see it hopefully it
looks good in real life like because we
customized it to death like we literally
customized almost everything so I have
no idea how it's gonna look hopefully we
chose well you know what I mean do you
like my outfit hey guys so here's my
makeup of the day maroon dark semi
gothic I love the eyes my lashes today
are the brave thanks oh Beauty this is
so big this is a little bit patchy
though which annoys me I'm gonna take it
off anyway I was gonna film a lip swatch
video but the lighting in here is
horrendous
is so bright so yeah I can't do that I
did feel my first impressions well on
this so I'll do my first update in an
hour or two I put it on like two hours
ago
see ya now I'm gonna go edit a vlog and
make some lunch
I might make the halloumi and edamame
salad
I recognize that logo so beautiful
packaged nicely beauty killer Pelt it
here's how it looks and then here's all
of the colors on the inside my god they
look beautiful then I also got some
stuff from fella posh and I got this a
brush hole that I bought this and how
does it work this opens up somehow oh
wait I've got to put the little handle
on which is in here but this little
lifts off and you put all your brushes
inside and then you can put like sponges
and stuff down the bottom just to keep
them nice and dust free
YUM
Hamish is making me do this again are
these organic ones we have mail all
right so let's say we've got two things
from Mike Jacobs something from Smashbox
something from tot and then my Sephora
order arrived I might stop the Matt
Jacobs ones don't know if I supposed to
receive - or if they sent me to buy it
let's have a look
ooh what's inside
okay so there's definitely makeup and
both have no idea if it's different or
the same so let's have a look Marc
Jacobs glow stick glistening illuminator
i swatched this at Sephora but then I
was like mmm I don't need it but I was
kind of like um so I want it and I did
but to get it so they've sent me three
Wow
thank you Mike Jacobs so let me show you
one of them packaging is nice as always
this is a huge box so here's the
packaging it's the same as that
character I have and then here's the
product it's very pretty I did blend it
out with my finger when you apply it
straight from this because as you can
see it's not liberal yet it doesn't go
on as nicely but once I blended it with
my finger it looks really beautiful
why does my hands look like a toe from
this angle and stand over here we have
the color correctors which i've already
got one of them is you guys know there's
their covert stick color correctors main
camera it's going haywire there we go
oh they get new nails today have no idea
what I want but I want them a little bit
longer just don't know what color but I
shall figure it out so there's this
little pamphlet which shows you what
kind of colors you get so we have covert
affairs which is the green one I believe
and then we have kitchen warmer I think
that
one for darker skin tone so maybe I'll
save that for Krystal someone in the end
this mine is bright now which I'm gonna
open right now so here is it bright now
sorry the Sun has just come out in full
force here it is watching I'm just gonna
blend it out now
there it is blend it out I have to try
it out on my face to see how it looks
but I do actually quite like the
neutralizing one it's quite good to kind
of fill in fine lines and fill in pores
and it creates a really silky smooth
kind of base it looks a little bit messy
alone so I wouldn't wear it alone as you
can see it looks little bit chalky and
chunky but for some reason once you
blend a foundation on top it goes on so
nicely yeah it's just weird like when
you apply it like this it looks a little
bit like all over the show and it looks
a little bit patchy and it just does not
look like that once you actually put on
your foundation on top it's so weird
look how pretty that highlighter is I'm
actually going to keep these boxes - I
feel like that'd be such good storage
boxes it's so like sturdy and you know
we have something from its Smashbox by
popular demand
hello Hal anyone now comes in two shades
gold in pill we hope you love this cult
fave as much as we do look what's going
on pretty go so we have the top line is
gold and then the bottom one is pearl so
I shall watch them on my hand I think
I've used these before in videos maybe I
think I think I've got one try think
I've got so many products that are so
similar to this so to the lift up the
top is the pearl one which I love the
look at that and then the other one is
gold I've done way too much but you get
the idea it's so pretty
norte√±os the only news you want in your
inbox yeah are they new blushes because
you guys know I really really liked art
blushes I think they're stunning blue
what is this is it a like naughty themed
stuff what is this I don't actually know
what this is is it like a gutter or
something no it can't be I don't know am
i not sexual enough is it like a
wristband I don't ooh
and then these have stuck together for
some reason I think what's happened here
is this was all stuck to this sheet
and I think on the way here it got a bit
messed up so let me just organize this
so first I have these looking lingerie
and these are the shades here so the one
on the left
I think is beer and then the other one
is whisper then we have blushes down
here so this one here is called risk
scare this next one which I love that
shade this one is called sensual the
next one here is called seduce the next
one is called posed I think that's not
new I think I have that don't I I don't
know maybe I'm imagining it and then
this is a highlighter called exposed
highlighter well it's supposed highlight
I'm sorry it's kind of like a golden
highlighter it's pretty and now I don't
know how to get this glow off because
it's super sticky and it just kind of
like moves any tips hurts me to see it
with glue on it thank you so much tight
I'm so excited I want to try this out
and then finally my stuff I bought from
Sephora I'm gonna do it first impression
review on this this is a foundation
brush like electronic device so I'm so
excited to see I'm going to try them out
and I'm thinking I'll do half my face
with like these which is supposed to be
like revolutionary and amazing and then
another side just with regular brushes
to see if there is a difference in the
application and I'll use all the same
makeup prep my skin the exact same you
know what I mean and see if it really
does make a difference I'm so excited
because if this works that is so cool
and then I also got some other heads in
here somewhere
oh here we go I got the powder brush as
well and also the blush brush so I'll
try it all three in the same video oh my
god I'm gonna open this in a second
my tainted love I bought it I got the
rainforest of the state whoops conceal I
want to try the concealer a Lancome or
how you pronounce probably long Laden
Lancome Lancome I don't know
miracle cushion because I thought that
would be a cool first impression so and
different
ain't I got the translucent or a Messier
powder I hit this way back and then I
was like I don't see how this is so good
and I just didn't use anymore so I
wasn't used to using loose powders Denis
and Sally was like no it's really good
and so I got it again to try again now
that I'm kind of more familiar with
loose powders I got this
terracotta bronzing water for face by
Guerlain
I've got this spray like the airbrush
spray bronzer is that by glowing I can't
remember but this is a bronzing or water
washes off with soap so I don't know
it's like the makeup that tend that
makeup I don't know how it works it gots
the amazing cosmetics concealer
illuminate I got the Kunik one near
bronzer pull open some stuff so I got
all the rest of the shades there were
whoops not that all the rest of the
shades that were in stock of the melted
lip colors so that I could do my lip
swatch video my next lip swatch videos
will be the melters and those smashbox
lip colors that i received the other day
you know joe let's watch video on them
too I've got a terrific cover click
creme foundation this is so much smaller
than I thought it would be I should have
read the grams but it's like a new
product I want to try it because I
really like cover of face powders it's
like your really good brand so I want to
try it I got some knows what are these
are jewel intensity blushes limited
edition ones cute boxes and then I got
the ambient light correcting primer base
by hourglass because I read reviews and
it looked amazing people are loving it
and then the perfect me perfect hue eye
and cheek palette by state law which is
also new I will unbox these and show you
so this pellet looks sterner I think I'm
gonna have to do like a tutorial or
something using this this is the
Fairlight one look so pretty and then
concealer this is the Kuna qualm palette
the tur nas blushes this one is in
sexual context and this one is in the
liberation and then yeah some of the
other bits and pieces
and then there's some sleeping in the
boxes for my first impression videos ah
smoothies are much more delicious famous
just been making me these so I haven't
been having my smoothies less often just
makes me feel nice though like makes my
stomach feel now I don't know how to
explain it
my body just feels nice after I drink it
and I still feel satisfied but I should
have smoothies as well more protein and
stuff and more bit more fiber and
protein but how's your choice is it
terrible I make the wise choices
honestly not some fine it's a little bit
weird but it's drinkable like it's fine
yeah they seen you guys look at me read
what's on them suck bye bye lips pet
navel pick my navel suck my lips catch
my ear okay look what arrived so much
Kylie from lip liner given from BH
Cosmetics and the other parcel I got
it's a new microphone and this is a
tripod here compare shotgun microphone
I've got the cheaper Road one at the
moment but I decided to upgrade because
what this one you've got a little bit
more control over the sound Lynch for me
and Hamish just my edamame salad with
the netted your key YUM
okay so I said three videos today got my
nails down I'll show you a close-up in a
second
got a vlog up just ordered some pizza
for delivery because I can't be bothered
cooking it's seven o'clock no 8 o'clock
8 o'clock now I'm gonna go into my room
and sort out some tubes because of the
Kylie lip kits arriving today I'm yeah
I'm gonna do some droops and then might
film that tomorrow and might film that
foundation first impression thing
tomorrow as well we'll see how we go and
what else then you're just gonna have a
chill night Hamish is studying tonight
yeah here's my nails I love
shine on them it's like blue and pink
and then a lacy finger where I swatch
when I don't want my arms they get
stained so finding some good swatches so
far obviously have these don't look
right that's the whole point
like i swatched them to see if they
close enough see what finish to they
drive to and everything and then decide
if it's to burn off loads of them are
not here's a little sneak peek of the
ones that I have decided on
