hey guys so my hair looks really strange
so today we are here to town to find
home wishes
granddad a birthday present he's turning
90 I think next week we're going out to
dinner with him so yeah we need to find
my gift but we have no idea what to get
so I'll keep you updated I put on some
makeup and I cannot get over how
flawless my skin looks like up close
it just looks so smooth I'm like really
happy
I used the Make Up For Ever HD stick
foundation today with the Cochin door
loose powder and then my highlight is
based sleek mixed with a secret
highlighter and then I used the pocket
princess bronzer secret lipstick my
mascara is at masterpiece lashes
something something by Max Factor and
then all my brows I just put in some
brow mascara by eye car it really simple
makeup look today but it looks nice
still I think so yeah look the dogs love
their toy they sleep with it overnight
did not have twice we sleep with every
night is embarrassing does anyone else's
dogs do that like every time Aloha gets
ready for me adheres to bring in a toy
even if he's just sleeping in the lounge
on the couch it's gotta like go around
the house find a toy he wants and then
puts it in the little like blanket with
him so weird my hair is getting along
again to look not again but it's getting
along I haven't straightened it either
it sways longer when it's straight of
course it's kind of kinked but I'm so
happy it helps that I'm super short
hello made speak like what are you doing
what are you doing I might have to buy
you a treat later yeah because you're
cute
look through my empties from my video
yesterday I need to chuck them in a
rubbish bag and check them out but
here's my outfit of the day it's pretty
dumb I'm gonna wear heeled boots this
skirt is from Sue pray I'm just wearing
a body suit from misguided like a plain
black one and then a black scarf my
sleeves falling off and then this little
jacket from ASOS so yeah it's just
pretty boring just lots of black but I
can't people too trying to dress myself
today so I feel like black just you know
just chucked like I'm blacking it works
it looks like you dressed yourself kind
of
it's actually grab a stake they're not
gonna stay outside with let's try to no
yes they're not a bit no come on guys
yeah yeah of course again inside what's
this Louie yeah football
bamboo sheets they're nothing good or
not
gonna go hopefully they feel good this
feels nice hey everyone this morning
Hamish and I are going it for breakfast
and then he is studying all day long so
I'm gonna have a relaxing day might do
some reading might do some work me and
then they're gonna take the dogs for a
huge warp later and yeah I'm not gonna
wear makeup today today's gonna be a
makeup free day I don't know what else
to tell you that it's premature a foot
plain sofa so it's really dark in here I
don't if the blinds open but here's my
outfit - my shoes the skirt here is from
misguided to pray and this is white
folks batik and I thought I'd show you
this because it's people asking me this
is from they certain a snitch it's oh
yeah I love this good because it hides
just a mink I don't know what shoes to
wear though I might just with some like
black flats or something just wearing my
older shoes which this is a really
awkward angle
mmm is it bad what are you doing on my
car
my looks so Lincoln videos who's here
who's here who's that
is a ninna what's wrong
where is she where is she
hello he's not impressed cuz it started
to rain and you didn't want to get out
of the car nice all right slow check it
on sources found you parents and your
brothers just wait around we got a
little bit wet hey Lily hello Bruce
homeless head pissing down there same
time maybe we'll have to give you a bit
of a bath
Lucy's had a bath in a brush MJ you look
handsome hey did you get mud all over
you
he's grumpy at me don't you you grumpy
at me for giving you a bath yes I put
your blanket there for you let's eat I
thank you
