good morning everyone serves I'm quite a
few bits and pieces this morning doesn't
tidying up and Chardon everything
Hamish made me another juice I think
this is like kiwi fruit kale apple and
they're like oil and stuff which sounds
really gross we can taste it like flax
seed oil today I think someone's kind of
cleaned out winter so I'm just gonna
have a chill day of editing get some
viewers is Pinilla sweet because I just
found out the week after next week
let's when we go to Queenstown but also
I have a work trip to Melbourne before
that so we're going Palmerston North to
Melbourne Melbourne to Queenstown
Queenstown home so I need to film videos
and edit videos for that week while I'm
gone so I'm going to edit all the videos
they have today
and then film some more tomorrow and
then I hope next week to just finalize
everything film other stuff you know and
then I've got to start pre filming for
when I get my wisdom teeth out as well
so that'll be interesting
next we have my nails in here so that
takes out like a solid day like by the
time I add all that together the shape
so long but you know new lashes have
arrived these with a party stick oops
not gonna focus is it there we go
there's five peers these are the ones I
was that wearing top ones removed when I
said I was making those like fake mink
lashes the top ones the ones I was
wearing the her and we also have the
wild one at the sinner the brave and the
ripple and they're absolutely stunning
so you can only get them in a state -
the wild one you can buy separately but
for now they're just gonna sit and they
be utiful yes American leftovers for
lunch
cold pizza is so good by the way these
rights are really young the pit of
things they're really good I've been
editing this all afternoon
it's almost four o'clock and it's so
exhausting I think I'm getting low on my
b12 again because I cannot concentrate
and I just feel so tired but being like
this for like the past week I've just
been terrible I wish I was Lily right
now look how comfy he looks you look so
comfy who's this he loves to sleep with
that one and he asked this cuddly
it's got like spit all over it gross
you're cute yeah and it's all up I've
been working on this for like the last
past last past the past two days so his
how the new website looks it's just a
little bit easier to navigate a lot
simpler with a little drop-down menu you
can shop and then on each page you can
click in here these like to go to
different categories and then you can
also sort by lake price low to high or
whatever and then you can also use a
little list if you want to use a list
what else we're fixing this this is
gonna move eventually but in case we
haven't figured it out yet so here you
can change the pricing so like at the
moment they're in u.s. dollars hold on
I'll show you so you can see the fresh
seat here and then if I change it so New
Zealand Dollars there you go and then we
also have other currencies as well mean
yeah but I like it fake you shipping
pages about us and then if you want more
information there's stuff in here
stockist rewards points care
instructions lash information contact us
shipping returns general information if
aky√ºz about us and then pages link here
PayPal checkout but you can also use a
pizza on paypal if you don't actually
have a PayPal account as well so yeah
it's a lot simpler a lot classier lot
cleaner exactly how I wanted it so I'm
happy you can also click the banners
here as well to go to different pages
this pair is the best pair of iffy even
in my life making some pear walnut blue
cheese salad for dinner with a fake
chicken schnitzel thing I don't know
what I feel like and I know I like this
I put on tons of lettuce cuz I'm so
hungry so there is also raisins
cranberries some glass seeds walnuts
blue cheese pick in the lettuce
I'm gonna do some balsamic glaze good
morning mmm whoa I just hit a shower I'm
trying to find my phone I can't we're
gonna find it so today this morning I am
going to do lots of filming I'm gonna
try and get so three videos filmed as I
say just because I'm pre-planning for
when I get my wisdom teeth out and
everything my skin is finally looking
good ish I've got some scarring still
but breakouts are leaving me I April ate
my face last night and I completely
forgot to vlog it oh but I am going to
do a video on how I remove my facial
hair one day because I know we'll have
it not necessarily all of us want to get
rid of it but we all have it so I
thought it would be helpful
ah there you are and my filming room for
some reason just got rose meta so
annoying because mannequin is still in
stock today so I could have got both of
them and saved on shipping they didn't
want to risk it you still obviously
because stuff boy sells out so fast but
at least I got them both we've had to
pay more I want to do another lip swatch
video once I have all of the new shades
I think last time I only swatch like
half of them because back then that was
all that was out there's so many new
shades now alright my new video just
went up I just put it up now it's 9:40
I'm gonna go start filming
well actually I need to blow-dry my hair
first but yeah if you haven't seen this
video go check it out I found like six
dangers I think like quite a few so yeah
hopefully it's helpful for you guys I
just got some mails so show you quickly
what I got some of its from Elizabeth
Arden I think today when I film a
drugstore makeup video there we'll see
alright so in here we have a press
release oh it's like me makeup and
bunches of stuff once again let's have a
look here that bronzer looks beautiful
Elizabeth autumn actually does really
pretty limited edition makeup like the
packaging and stuff so it's stunning all
the time one second
so that's available from the
both of July look at this that is so
pretty
then more oh my gosh so unique look at
that bottom when it's like duo crime
also other sunset bronze highlighter
looks really pretty and then I shadows
and this like it's like golden bronzer
it's so pretty I like don't wanna touch
them cuz they're so perfect looking it's
a really nice golden bronze color now I
got more protein powder this is the
vanilla flavor all right time for work
for real this time
so it's 12 o'clock I just finished
filming one video this is a drugstore
makeup tutorial and it did this like
soft cut crease Kalitta thing and it's
glitter all over my lashes I didn't want
to talk about it can you see how - no
but I like the makeup now I'm gonna film
a lip swatch video and they may be an
empties video um yes Hamish made me a
juice before I bought it in for me I'm
so lucky
this one's gonna say how I stub my toe
I wanna see a little update on my eyes
this one's on my skull and look and then
this one is almost gone ish - yeah
hopefully you can see I can't feel
anything so it's only being like what
two weeks I think it's about two weeks
now let me just check on my calendar
yeah it's been two weeks in a day so
yeah I'm happy they said it could last
like a month they don't swim what's go
already stoked so I'm gonna keep filming
now and I will come talk to you later in
a really weird mood I don't know why I'm
busting to pee I just finished filming
so I did an empties video it took so
long was like an hour of footage so
that'll be fun to eat it and also a lip
swatch video look how beautiful they are
just took some photos by the way there's
so stunning I'm very happy with them so
let's watch video coming soon you guys
will die they're affordable they are
incredible in the color selection is so
legit I can't even describe here are the
main ingredients of today's salad
all done that lunch was incredible
nailed it and sort of packaged random
soup mixes bacon vegetable soup and
gluten-free vegetable soup YUM try
making that VG so 2 dollars 99
I think it's it's it servings 8 servings
it's good value this pair is giving me
life just so friggin good look what I
bought
alright let's open some of these so
someone sent me this slow ritzy box it
says vegan on the side we have a little
brush here modern minerals you add
gorgeous brush cute pearlies oil pulling
for a naturally whiter smile digit date
oil natural moisturizer for hair skin
and nails you guys know all about that
we left the glow for a cause perfume and
innocence and the lip ego of ego centric
vegan lipstick this perfume stuff
actually smells pretty good it smells
quite sweet this is the lipstick it's
like a metallic pink
look how amazing these are so cool thank
you so much Catherine their username
what a cute puppy
I love these thank you I am did so cute
so much cuteness
that's from it juicy thank you so much
for your note this is from enna so cute
little pictures of my makeup and makeup
looks and things so we have to see what
my makeup looks side-by-side like this
like I've done so much different stuff
it's crazy
she told me which of my videos I heard
favorites as well thank you feel later
and then this other litter is from
Halina from norway thank you so much for
your litter and then some other letters
are just private ones that I won't show
on camera
thank you guys will so much for writing
to me I'll read these properly later and
you just skim read them so I need to
read them properly soon oh there's one
more thing from my peer box someone says
you said you were wondering what to read
next on your gloves I wonder if you'd
read my book Devo
I have to give it a read sometime see a
New Zealand oh cool
well done Mike it's awesome it sounds
really good got something here from
makeup geek
what's up hitting which is always nice
oh no he's full of lush pants oh my gosh
I'm gonna need another Z palette now
because I've run out of space I mean I
need a wipe this binge new blushes
buttery and blendable look at that
pretty packaging so cool it says what
colors would suit your the pens a $10
the comb pace of 15 or the complete
series 165 good for makeup artists look
how pretty I have to squash this one
here oh my goodness this stunning googly
once I actually put on my skin if you
like to be good it's really pretty it's
kind of hard to see in this lighting
and then I also received this box what
is this that's what the products look
like just here thank you
I didn't think I was filming before but
page thank you so much for this little
gift and she even see me it's a dog
twice two losers what is this what is
this what is it what is it you grab one
end and suscribe the other end okay Zeus
why are you running for it so what's
that he's not gonna share with you now
come here oh it's got friggin pei-pei
everywhere
sorry bad yeah yeah yeah little pig what
you just gave it to him you're supposed
to play tug of war oh you are so bad at
playing it was so bad he's like okay
where's the food we're going out for
dinner
the sliding though it's better
I don't know where we're going yet but
we thought we'd go out spread a night so
we're trying this place down Broadway
which we've never seen before but
apparently it's been here for years she
said like three years it's nice and dark
in here I like dark restaurant and
you've decided what you're having for
your drink oh yeah
Miller every time yep it's my standard
my go-to I kind of want to get this
without Simon it's not that good thing
it's like pasta whereas there's a
mushroom risotto what are you gonna get
sooner I was contemplating a new blank
yeah no look what you get I couldn't be
back dad like I just couldn't know it's
gonna be too right just because I love
one egg and cheese got pasta veggie
pasta spinach and mushrooms and Hamish
got the lemon wedges wizards gone hello
you
