good morning I wanted to get to the gym
today but I've got a lot of stuff tutor
this morning so maybe I decide later on
take out the Daleks and everything
stopped my day with the face of mine I
could take a photo and then I'm going to
eat it finish it I think today's vlog I
did most of it last night I just gotta
do the intro explore it upload it into
the description box and then I might
film that highlight a challenge because
a lots of you guys are asking me to do
it and to be honest I thought it was
like the dumbest idea ever
then I wash Nicky's one no I was like
it's kind of good it's kind of good I'll
give it a go and see how it is yeah
that's the plan guys I'm gonna do this
mask yeah
hey stocks you mix these to get there
it's quite fun so you have like a clay
and then rose water just realize they
included a spoon I am dumb time to go at
it maybe here I love face masks they're
like my Gucci pleasure life even though
they're not really guilty
Oh clean
tastes like green yam a new video just
nap it's 10:00 a.m. and now I'm going to
go film a video I should probably do my
hair cannot be bothered so I filmed a
full face with highlighters / shimmery
product / glitter it turned out kind of
okay
I was very strategic with what I used
and where I placed it so I think I'll do
that
put that up like the men do something's
probably ready out by the time you see
this vlog but look at this look color
amazing boom lift over Tom Kha soup the
lunch while I eat it my Kylie lip kit
shoot video
sorry I've unplugged all afternoon I've
been working all day redoing the exo
Beauty website and stuff so I'll
probably put that live tomorrow the nice
day or something like that
but I thought I might make like a pizza
thingy for dinner I don't know
and I got meals so this is the eliminate
by Ashley Tisdale collection which looks
really beautiful
so let's have a look I've seen lots
about this on BH Cosmetics Instagram is
this a t-shirt cute rose gold packaging
looks beautiful let me unbox it and then
we can have a look so as you would guess
the range is very gluey so there is a
whole lot of cream at blushes here if I
just put in the good lighting they look
like really beautiful colors especially
this one I love in that one there and
then there's like all these like glosses
I think they're glosses what are they
yeah lip glosses they look like really
nice oh this one in this one I have
caught my eye and a couple of pellets as
well there's another one o them so
that's what the pellets look like really
pretty so so let's just swatch like two
or three shades yeah they're really
pigmented if you can see that beautiful
colors sorry my nose a low-key
disgusting
they swatch beautifully as well the top
one you can't really see it kind of
blends in with my skin tone I love this
this is from sloping glory missed me up
before you glow glow this so there is a
sanghas tint body lotion in three of
these I already sprayed that one of my
arm Italy it smells so good I wanna
spray this one on me
it smells really good YUM
it smells good thank you soap & Glory
now open this up earlier cuz I wanted to
use that in my video today the glow
kitch the new one and Sun dipped
overloading in Java they also sent me a
mirror and the summer mini look while
sit which is this one camp really
beautiful colors they're just like minis
of the same packaging they look so cute
so there's all the colors that are
included if you're interested Oh
Bhumika I need to do a swirl with the
modern renascence pellet before you
should all is waterproof gel liner and
yeah
I already showed you that so there it is
this as well if you get that ago thank
you so much nostalgia Billy Hills you
guys are awesome time to dig in so
healthy 5 plus a day
