good morning I just bought one of every
single Kylie Jenner liquid lipstick the
met ones so now I have at least one of
each because I bought them the other day
as well as you guys know so I'm gonna do
giveaways so yeah exciting and vlog
yesterday because I just wasn't feeling
it I wasn't in the mood I just did some
work wait for a big bike ride without
for dinner with my mom was a very chill
day still did some work as I said but
yeah today I think I'm gonna film one of
my colleagues you know jerk videos and
like a first impression see how long it
lasts
they haven't won it yet and I might do a
foundation first impression as well and
what else I've got mail and now I've got
a dentist appointment today the consult
for getting out my wisdom teeth some
people have been asking like what's
happening with Invisalign you still
gonna get it and I am I'm just got to
get my wisdom teeth out first
I was meant to go in for a consult like
a couple weeks ago but I've just been so
busy as you guys know with like
everything with getting my license oh I
put it off until today so hopefully I'll
get my wisdom tooth out sometime soon it
depends when they have a spot free
Plus like I need some time to pre film
videos I need to know how long I'm going
to be you know puffy face cuz I need to
get some work done before I get it done
you know what I mean unless this is
urgent then tough I'm just gonna
have to do it and not have any videos
but that's like worst case scenario I
gotta go into town in two weeks as well
so yeah it kind of don't want to be like
gross and puffy face for that trip you
know we'll see what happens
time to fill all done filming the
lighting in here is so bright so I put
down my blind and it's still kind of
sunny so weird um yeah I did a first
impression on my foundation this
lighting is so likely huh and I did a
Kylie Jenner first impression when doing
first impressions on a matte lip kits
and I also did troops found lots and
lots and lots of tubes so yeah keep your
eye out for those they're probably
already up by the time you watch this
video even so go check out my main
channel I got lipstick on my boob great
fun
I got mail but we're just hitting out
for lunch so I'll do them later where
the bridge cafe I got up Turkish eggs
and Hamish got this burger to be little
truly young yeah oh my god they weren't
kidding when they said there were large
fries hello
you're cute be nice but he wants all our
leftover chips so I just got back from
the dentist and did heaps of groceries I
have to show you that onion I bought I
don't random but I have to show you in
once again anyway so I'm getting my
wisdom teeth out the beginning of next
month the beginning of July nervous but
you see it that I should only be swollen
for a few days he said he's gonna give
me because I'm going under I should go
under for it and he said that they can
give me this like anti swelling stuff as
well I don't know why it's just filming
my Birds he was like what's your job but
I thank Beauty videos online
here's that okay we'll do our best not
to make you too Sibelius well he's
fallen chipmunk I mean so yeah hopefully
I'll only be smiling for like three days
or so so I just got to make sure I pre
film stuff for the beginning of July I
should be good um and then after that I
can finally get Invisalign and get these
and knit the line I don't have the worst
teeth but I want them bitter I'm really
self-conscious about these too and all
of these ones are starting to get really
crush because my wisdom teeth I like the
away with than they used to be so I'm
really excited to get in the line and
I'll obviously vlog my entire process
for you guys we've got so much mail
today what smells well today it's just
been crazy I've had such a busy day I
just finished is hanging a view of my
Instagram
what has have I done shown so much I've
started editing some stuff I haven't
even it is a tomorrow's video today it's
been crazy so there's no vlog up today
makes me feel better knowing that you
guys support me like when I don't want
to upload a vlog one day like on the
weekends and stuff how do I really
upload floats on weekends that often
like days like today they did just so
hit dick granted to go out for lunch but
I should be allowed to do that sometimes
it's just nice knowing that when I'm so
busy and
but busy I'd have to bust my ass and
work super lace and do stuff like that
take it up a vlog like I'm enjoying just
doing them a few times a week rather
than every single day even though I vlog
almost every single day it's just nicer
not uploading them every single day just
has taken so much pressure off it's
great and it's made it so much more fun
again so much more enjoyable so I'm
really happy loving this foundation so
far - I just finished filming a portion
look at this Coco your head honestly I
think this needs to age it's like three
times bigger than my head I'm so proud
when we saw it the okay next row class
like I must have it and Hamish is like
you don't need that much and you know
it's like yes I do
of course I do we also go pumpkin
bananas and spinach and ko and broccoli
and all that good stuff
ah I don't know what's for dinner
tonight
I'm not even hungry lunch was so filling
hey Louie hi risers good Mayo let's open
a little bit of it yeah Michael Reade
Zapata stuff arrived dirty honey bought
that the other day world's first mini a
queue later a PLA at epilator
I got this for my face look it comes
with a face brush - I just wanted it for
this get all of my hairs off my face I'm
so gonna vlog when I do it see if it
hurts it will hurt but I'll just plug it
anyway excuse me what are you doing
no idea where these come from but they
are the live now retro kid I black gold
mirror eyeglasses by Keith it just
turned up hi Shannon thought you might
like to try some of these fab and you
make occurs miracle products also
included your fav bare minerals
concealer available exclusively and in
said at makers megacode or indeed Thank
You Joel I love this concealer what
shade is this one fair that's a good one
that's the goods we have a in a great
light fear compact by mickr didn't even
know the head makeup does it makeup and
then a tinted lip hydration cheery tint
so looks like one of those like creamy
powder thanks
see how it's got the little cap so I'll
try that at some stage the packaging is
gorgeous likewise for this this is the
lip tint it's so beautiful I love the
packaging the Creed's apart stuff I'm
going to film a whole video on here is a
sneak peak you can't see too much but
yep so I will unbox it all in a video
but I've just got to wait for the rest
of my stuff to come because I ordered
some stuff off yes style I think the
website is called some Korean and
Japanese makeup so yeah and then yeh
this arrived so fast in my customs to
bonus concerning it was expensive but
hopefully it's all worth it I know the
mask is the mask paraffin oh by the way
I'm gonna be doing an empties video very
soon I've got so many up days including
the mask paraffin which I'll do a review
on in that video
such cute packaging so in here we have
I'm using this as the invoice look they
even hand write my name cute Monte Carlo
yeah you dodged their tax money now look
at that they wrote me a little note and
they said what they gave me slash what I
bought and then they gave me some
samples it's so cool House official got
the paper even it's all like the Wasi so
luxurious
alright so I bought the cream contour
pure white weight today buy this so did
they give this to me for free I contour
cream brightening eye contour cream they
gave me the eye contour cream for free I
got the exfoliant
exfoliater because it is the
purification masque oh I got the
purifying it lotion sleep them regulator
balances and smooths and then I got the
light foaming gel to remove makeup and
cleanse your face so they gave me
samples of makeup and they gave me
samples of perfume amazing yes they gave
me samples of masks as well so they'll
be good for trebling how'd your lifting
heaps a different product hopefully I
like everything I know I'm in states
with this but yeah I'm obsessed with
everything else less hopefully knock six
bits of that honestly this made my skin
amazing like it really helped my skin so
much so I'm excited this mass appearance
in different packaging is the same
packaging like the way it looks but it's
just like a toll boto and state it's 75
middle I'm trying to think how much I
hit last time 80 gram this is the
packaging and then that's the lotion
pure offence
it's kind of like micellar water and
then this is the cleanser I think
exfoliant facemask toner lotion thing
and then the cleanser and the eye cream
is huge the de gram massive I've got hit
serve here what smell which I might open
tomorrow I want a good a bit now it is
almost similar clock I've been working
all night I just it is a video for
tomorrow I haven't quite finished it but
I'll finish it off in the morning before
I upload it
