good morning I've just got some glam
glow on my chin because I have two
breakouts and I'm not happy about it so
today I'm gonna have a kind of chill day
I want to get that clothing done today
because it didn't happen yesterday and
it didn't happen the day before I also
want to have a bath and get some videos
edited I've got Monday's video done I
want to get like Wednesdays we are done
so I can focus the beginning of next
week filming and doing makeup and that
fun stuff yeah that's the plan also want
to edit a vlog as well I think I'm up to
my arm I lose acai surgery once sorry my
camera we did I haven't had breakfast
yet
I don't know what I feel like I'm just
gonna wait half an hour or so get my
video up first I've got some liquor sh t
it's made to be a really good for you
but it smells like like jelly beans so
hopefully it doesn't taste that strong
I didn't soak it for very long yeah it's
supposed to be good her Lexington stuff
so I thought I'd give it a go I love
trying new tea one of my favorites of
mine was it like chai tea and then I've
got this other one which has apple and
ginger and cinnamon or something it's so
good I'm like really into my teas right
now I haven't had this in so long mom I
don't toast
I completely forgot this was on my face
it's been along for like an hour
whoops I just it is in my LASIK I did
yeah could you hear him yawn um as it
said my LASIK eye surgery video and I
feel sick now oh I feel like it was
easier getting it done then watching it
get done if you know what I mean like
that's scary
I'm so happy though like I look back at
how scared and terrified I was and I
look back and I'm just like so with that
would do it 20 times over time to go
have a shower hey Lily
actually I'm gonna have a bath first I'm
gonna have a bath and then you are very
cute I don't understand his life really
sucked that much
hmm come yet
you can do it you can do it
bigger
there was the slowest bitch I've ever
seen ready oh he's really good at
catching now let me see if I can show
you know there was a terrible one by me
so clever hey naughty dog we chased the
neighbor's cat hmm was that you couldn't
have possibly been you you're far too
cute to Kate chase cats but it was you
wasn't it
hmm yes that was fun
which one shall we use it's true this
one rose or Michelle
don't separating
all clean and a nice big baggy white
t-shirt and comfy pants again working
from home life do you know how you can
always tell Hamish has been into the
cheese when it's just being torn apart
so I'm gonna make myself a red for lunch
it's kind of late it's past two o'clock
I'm really hungry so yeah I'm just going
to do some reps
I've put some falafel in there as well
all right I've got my bags ready
I'm gonna clean up this bedroom and
clean out my wardrobe are you gonna help
this wardrobe is horrendous I don't know
if I'll get through all that today that
same issues and then all that's mine
there's too many clothes so let's do
this I got rid of two things I'm already
sick of cleaning I think I'm gonna give
up I called my period today and I'm in
such a stupid mood I think I'm just
gonna put away this stuff on the floor
and then reattempt to clear out my
wardrobe another day by the way I update
this one here it's almost cleared up the
top look but almost fat compared to the
very beginning that's how that one
there's looking so it's been just over a
week so I can still take 1 to 2 to 3
weeks from now to completely go away but
that's okay as you can see what I'm just
like talking you guys it's not talked to
obvious or too noticeable good hey babe
good morning it is now Saturday I've got
a package here I'm sorry I didn't end up
blogging yesterday night last night
because I was going to take my camera
with me we went out for dinner with
friends to Lonestar and I had my camera
and everything and then I just
completely lived along the couch so that
was a fail then we got home and just
watched some movies and went to bed it
was a very chill Friday night today my
mission is to find a really warm jacket
for Queenstown we go to Queenstown in a
couple of weeks so I need to find
something warm Plus just pommy is
freezing lately and I don't have any
like proper winter jackets you know so
yeah that's today's mission flesh
nourish make out remove the pads no
Shing lip polish and Izone brightener
let's have a look so here the leche
nourish makeup remover pads also try
them nourishing lip polish with apricot
and grapefruit oil iPhone app right now
it looks like a tinted kind of
brightening product illuminating serum
so I'm guessing it's just like a Hugo I
apply under cancer
on top of existing makeup anytime looks
like a kind of serum and it's got um
like a shimmer throat or something
hydrate and illuminate and what's in it
glow tonic go-to exfoliating toner pads
I really like these kind of products of
it she been using them lately not by
this brand but a different brand I think
it's that first day beauty I've been
using it'll be interesting to try the
East we're at it Orlando for breakfast
who's got eggs benedict
it's really pretty out here this morning
young garlic bread so I make it Mandor
into that getting thermals cuz it's
friggin for anything and also just oh
it's gonna be hard to go into just a
jacket too
it is the what is it cold how do I know
here we go it is the duct down jacket v4
woman I did not pay that for it I got at
40% off yeah that's done I need a new
jack as well like it's frigging freezing
and Tommy even like I don't think I've
even needed a jacket when I am I getting
old am I starting to feel the cold amaya
poet it's time for some Baraka this
afternoon I've just been reading all day
hamish me to golf but I was really tired
now my eyes are so blurry and dry and
I've been doing so many eye drops over
the last hour and a half but nothing is
helping me good days and bad days and
today is a bad day like I can barely see
like I don't really see but I can't see
well at all like it's pretty much like
what I was like without my contacts and
I'm not I'm trying to like overreact
right now I'm like trying to just stay
calm and then tomorrow morning if my
eyes are still jacked then oml my own
well email the ions to shoot and see if
there's normal but I'm pretty sure it's
normal I think my eyes are just super
dry I couldn't even do makeup properly
like I tried to put on makeup and I
don't even know what it looks like
because I couldn't even see myself in
the mirror Bailey like I literally have
to look about this close to my screen to
see anything I just don't feel confident
I got my period yesterday I feel bloated
I feel hairy because I haven't shaved my
legs in like two weeks
we're going to end in tonight with
friends tonight
i'ma try to get look it looks like
dehydrated old man this it does he
grabbed even yeah I can see that it's
coming from Judy did you some day you're
checking you got today
ah no as me to vlog it I got my cape on
oh no I did
I guess they kept on day Steve get me
into
okay
there are puppies everywhere let me go
like is it a her yeah what
missa he looks a little bit bigger
no much bigger this time for you he's
like having a lot of fun there's a big
show off of the couch they're like oh
god children wait on YouTube with
something they hated uncle when you
think about it it's like a puppy
pipettor palace
