good morning so today I have a Tomac
twist appointment at the moment we're
just going to go drop off my car to get
cleaned and then ya got about too much
as women say it's gonna be a pretty
chill day I've been a little bit of work
sure and I think I'm gonna try and get
rid of smoke some of my clothes like I
said yesterday I don't really get time
yesterday I found lots of jobs to do so
hopefully I'll do they say otherwise
tomorrow as well because it's only
Thursday today and then next week I'll
be back into my filming my eye
appointment went well everything's going
good healing up well my eyes are a
little bit blurry still which six
because my eyes are dry which is also
expected he said my eyes might be dry
for a few months yet because I already
had really dry eyes so I don't even care
because I'd rather have dry eyes and be
able to see you know what I mean I'm
happy everything's going really well and
I'm gonna make some lunch quick I'm just
toasting out some walnuts and chopping
up some pear in spring onion
we have meh it was just on the phone
it's like he was like what the
it's a time package vaccine test latest
what's an onion it to matter first so
this must be good at the actual things
yeah what is this they smell kind of
good
it's my like falafel gluten freedom
everyday pitabread thanks guys
I love reps as you guys know I won't
ride these buns they pit instead of just
like rap look they actually got more
Tomatoes as well so I thought I'd show
you the rest of my mail I got this from
Smashbox which hilariously I literally
just open this chest from Lilly and
shows like honest and you mail your new
lovely what's your dress I was like what
how is that for timing what a
coincidence
coinkidink so I got this from Smashbox
be a boss well is exclusive shape will
be at times Smashbox yeah let's have a
look hey Shannon we hope you enjoy on
you looks liquid at lipsticks plus an
extra special shade we created with
Lilly Singh called boss this bold red
color inspires anyone who means whoops
who wears it to be their most kick-ass
beautiful self we can't wait to see what
being a boss means to you thank you so
much guys I've got a bit mister look at
this that is so exciting
I'll have to put it on for a photo or
something amazing and gracefully that's
awesome and loads of amazing lipsticks I
loved this but it looks pretty messy
yeah there's lots I loved what was it
they're hyper what were they called I
did a sponsorship with them and I bought
like ten other shades they were they're
like super glossy liquid lipsticks they
weren't met hey mister sweetener
oh they were called something look like
a legendary look like or something like
that anyways so these are called the
always on liquid lipsticks so yeah if
you want to lips watch video let me know
and I can totally do one exciting
now I also got something up from trilogy
ooh
piece a Ewing's Pinot Noir what's this
hello gorgeous discover nature's power
for radiantly healthy skin you guys know
how much I love trilogy rose hip oil
they sent me a little rose hip oil what
is this rose hip cream cleanser and the
vital moisturizing Claire claim the
claim and I got chapstick look at it so
much chapstick and we hope you love the
new chapstick bag collection we love
your page Thank You chapstick Australia
New Zealand on one sick just open up
this plastic and holy it smells so
good
I think this is the cutest thing ever
and then it comes with a little chip
sticks on the inside little different
flavors strawberry pulp or one melon I
guess each one's different probably so
yeah how cool is that the last thing
here is love inspiring it beauty why not
oh yes I love me Ilana oh that's quite
cool packaging so there's a white wine
oh my god that's so cool blue and a is
that black bitter blacks like it's is
intense black oh there we go that one's
brown okay so there's white blue brown
and black got it I've got my shirt to
get that inky Li go I'm so gonna try
that because I love my eyeliner and it's
liquid I'm not too good at these pins
sometimes sometimes they're okay
that smell looks kind of okay because it
looks quite long I don't like the ones
that are super short and like stiff you
know so this one might be okay
it says it's flexible which in that case
if it is likable I will be fine yay
all right time to go climb into bed
sorry I'm a lot much too I've been
working and chillin you know not really
chilling but you know doing boring stuff
which isn't so boring it is exciting but
you guys just don't know about it yet
it looks pretty comfy
hey and live here
the houses dogs look weird things like I
see one dog on cool dog great lights
select doors this this thing is blankets
he likes to like duvet cover it's really
weird
