hey everyone so it is a Wednesday
morning my new video is about to go up
so I'm just gonna go put that on I'm
also gonna make it smoothie for
breakfast and then today I've just got a
whole lot of editing to do I also want
to clear out my clothes if I get time
and I've got a little bit of the
accessibility stuff I need to get done
today as well tomorrow I have my I check
up pretty firming lights we make up now
but yeah I'm just waiting a little bit
longer and I think I'm able to exercise
again really soon which is good I'm
gonna go for a walk later today just
walk the dogs and stuff but I feel like
I hadn't been to the gym in years or
something like it just feels like it's
been so long so I need a check my little
sheet and see what I can hit back I'm
pretty sure it's like a week or
something I'm gonna let it like sweat
for anything I don't know an inch shake
I got some packages as well this litter
is a hi Shannon we saw your first
impression of even better foundation and
thought you'd like to try our latest
launch super city block BB cushion
compact thanks for supporting clinic
that was nice of them I think not
today's but your Friday's video is
another clip first impression as well
none of them is sponsored or anything
actually bought another clinic product
to do at fish not if you saw my big
Sephora haul totally have to try this
one as well now I've been really
experimented over my hands and making it
all steamy I've been really experimented
with these kinds of foundations much
I've used them like a couple of times I
don't think I've use them on camera but
yeah I won't open it yet I'll just leave
it until I tried out on camera first so
there's something here from Manuka
doctor
spotlight on manuka doctors replenishing
face sha oil be obsessed like Kourtney
is she often doesn't use a moisturizer
at night but instead she prefers to
apply the manuka dr. replenishing facial
oil to her skin the Omega rich
replenishing facial oil a little earlier
is great for the change of season when
your skin use that extra step perhaps
regain suppleness and analysis ooh
protecting your moisture levels it feels
silky smooth and will pair delightfully
luminous awesome I love oils here we go
it's got new coil argan oil and rose hip
oil on it I love rose hip oil it's what
I use on my acne scarring and it works
incredibly
YUM so good way to put these away I
don't know why I put them on the bench
yeah save it onto the Kylie cosmetics
website and they happen to be heaps in
stock so I got all of these lines so I
will put them in videos I didn't know
which ones they hair didn't luckily all
the ones cuz I was just like oh my god
I'm here to buy these ASAP and I figured
if I got tablets I could just give them
away so none of these ones were in stock
so that was lucky so I got heaps of
shades there I don't current here though
look I walked over there you go this one
for a giveaway I'm gonna find swatches
and stuff and do like a little lip
swatch for you of these three with dupes
in the video and do like a first
impression and see how well they last
and everything on my lips
um and then I will do a part two when
the others arrive I'll do like another
little swatch video or something see I
hope you guys look forward to that
because I know so many of you can't get
your hands on them or some of you don't
want to pay the price for them whatever
whatever your reason is I know lots of
you're looking for dupes so yeah stay
tuned for that
I finally placed my eisenberg order as
well I forgot about it last time you
know as I came in a buy it today I
completely forgot and I must have shut
out the window and then I was think
about it last night like oh my eyes and
big stuff hasn't arrived and then I
remembered I didn't actually place in
order so done today was a shopping day I
also bought the jeffree star I should
repeal it for a tutorial as well so I
felt lots of stuff for videos coming I
did a vlog and I also did a beauty video
for tomorrow's upload it's like a first
impression I've just I did see another
video but I'm like starving right now so
I'm gonna make a rep for lunch I think
um and then I might go for a walk in a
bit
just keep you guys hanging I want to
organize my clothing and get rid of
haters because I've just got too much
stuff everywhere again so time to get
donating again get rid of all the excess
stuff that just sits everywhere in my
room and sits in my wardrobe taking up
space this hoodie makes my head look
like a grape
can I go for a walk
do you go for book yeah should go get
your brother get your brother should we
go see it you're so small right thank hi
he's not well its fastest dog and he's
back again what are you doing come on
let's go yes new face muster try we're
going to Portofino for dinner YUM
we haven't been here in ages freezing
well if you can call like two months
we've been here in ages
the only one sorry for anything
what bit did you get is grossed can you
tried it of sameness better than your
father
show me the bottle
taste test
I got a hot Spain mellow I'm like all
about the mellow lately
although I should stop because it'll
stay my teeth soon anti-pesto I got some
prosciutto yeah you start usually people
share their diggin Hamish is all of that
I hope I got a fettuccine polo with just
mushroom Hamish got Beauty carbonara
are you growling hey so weird today no
one else's dog stateless all the time
there was how they play fight no it's
not like pigs he bites this is so
naughty this is this should have told
him off but he just doesn't
with it
