good morning sorry I just had a shower
what day is this is my LASIK like day
five Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday
Monday Tuesday yes or it's like day five
with my LASIK um so I'm still not
working out or anything like that I just
been doing light walls in the staff as
you may have noticed I don't know it's
good up I washed my hair I can I slipped
in a little bit today no a lot like I
woke up at about 6:30 I'll tell you why
in a second and then bit to sleep until
day 30 so I had like the worst nightmare
of my life life last night it was like
one of those ones where I woke up in
like hysterical tears like I was full-on
crying like Hamish woke me up I think it
was actually I know Jenna what's wrong I
was like like just crying it was likely
a space that it made in my last battle I
just washed my hair so basically I think
my cousin died you know Aynsley she died
but um didn't really seem real and I was
tasting I teach her I was are you okay
because I didn't believe it because I
think my mom or my Nana or someone told
me and then Ainsley replied and we were
like kidding for like 15 minutes or
something like on and off and then my
mom's like no she is I swear to you she
is did like I remember and she's my mom
said something about a mattress also
made this pod sort of making his scenes
shows I remember that time when we
thought our mattress broke but it still
worked for like two months but it was
actually broken so she was trying to say
that Aynsley was texting back but she
wasn't or something or someone else was
texting back or I don't know what she
was trying to say it was really weird
and then like my dream our role seems so
fake like it was like Tyrannosaurus
races running around like I think I was
at my old school like my primary school
which by the way if you didn't know my
most scary childhood dream ever was a
Tyrannosaurus Rex chasing me but I
wasn't really scared of them I don't
know why but yeah and then my mom was
like shannon ainslie is dude and I was
like okay they still didn't really
believe it and then I rang up like I'd
never bring anyone as well I rang up Jay
he's the one that does my tattoos and
stuff
he's Lee's partner and I was like what's
happened and he was just like silent and
then I was like oh my god if she
actually did
and he was just like yes I was like oh
my god and then I like just cry it
doesn't even seem that bad now that I
say it out loud does it but it was so
terrifying and I don't know why and I
woke up like streaming like my entire
face my hair was wet my pillow was wet I
was like I couldn't even breathe
properly I was like hysterically crying
it was like so out of it Hamish was like
breathe breathe breathe he is like
trying to help me breathe he was like
what's wrong
and then yeah that was that there was a
strange way to begin my day and then I
taste my cousin this one I was like are
you okay but I've been hit back yeah
because she's in Australia so it's like
three hours behind time right now so
it's like 6:00 a.m. or something right
now it takes chair like 3:00 a.m. had
time if dreams in general can either
represent positive or negative events
that may be taking place in your life
wow so specific often they do indicate a
desire you may have to end or escape the
current situation is causing undue
stress this dream may entail an
individual other than yourself dying
all right I just did the biggest task
ever fix a beauty I'm excited to see
what happens potato wall something to
joke some new brushes and things so I'm
working on new brushes maybe some
limited edition brushes maybe some
treble suits there's a big job that
first bit but we're narrowing everything
down going well so that's done I just
started seeing a vlog Hamish is actually
just doing a little bit of a phone
interview thing for one of his
assignments right now who in like four
minutes and then after that we are going
to go well I just celebrate he's done
all of his assignments for the semester
he's just got to study for his exams now
and then he does his exams and then
mid-semester break whatever his cold lay
in between the two semesters so he's
half done and then he's got mixed
semester and then one or two papers next
year I think so he's doing so well I'm
so proud of him he's getting great
grades so yeah we're gonna go celebrate
with some lunch
somewhere I wish I could put on makeup
but no here's how my eyes are looking by
the way squeamish people look away now
so they're clearing up slowly but surely
I feel I think be getting better
my skin's clearing up a lot too I've got
some scarring but it is starting to go
away now I've just been using because
I'm like rosehip oil and things plus in
this lighting my skin looks way worse
like if I actually go into nice lighting
like face the Sun it's not so bad
I just put in eye drops by the way if
you wondering when my eyes look really
glossy yeah it's the plan for this
afternoon I need to go blow-dry my hair
and get changed
I'm in my bin Abi hurry and Koch pajamas
I got these from the coke place in Vegas
I love them so much so I just got
dressed in Rudy I'll show him out for
the day back to these jeans here from
ASOS these shoes here are misguided
this top here is just from sue pray and
this leather jacket I cannot remember
it's not really that it's just like a
fake cheap one I think I might've got it
off a sauce I mean nice loss
once it was something like that I can't
remember then just a Nicolas my dad got
me and the ring Hamish got me recently
as well
I love a source change a salsa misguided
to such good chance I don't remember
what the style is or anything though
sorry I just get like skinny jeans
high-waisted skinny jeans we're at cafe
jacker how do you feel that you finished
your assignment is very good good right
now
you just gotta study for exams look how
amazing this looks it's like spinach
ever colors modern hash browns and
there's yes we got a small fresh if
someone's lift this big way up
should we take it for a spin look I've
even like quieted up it's tied up so I
cooked a skinny squash because is the
first time I ever saw a spaghetti squash
in New Zealand I was actually made here
as well well like grown here was like
New Zealand spaghetti squash I was like
wool
so I slow-cooked it since like 10:00
a.m. or something spilt my tea by the
way and now it is 5 so I just cooked on
low hit on warm for a while I'm I just
tune off now I got some mail so I'm an
open e at this one I just opened up it
looks amazing it's from Oasis beauty
this is called lips and lashes treatment
amazing 3 & 1
I live in life's treatment for sensitive
skin Oasis beauty is for sensitive skin
but obviously if you don't have seen so
skin you're gonna be flattened cuz you
know it says Sue's impressions tight
eyes helps minimize dark circles plumps
up fine lines around your eyes and mouth
sweep onto lashes to help them grow
longer and thicker stronger I mean not
thicker uses a lip balm and cuticle
cream we told you it was amazing
and it has aloe vera honey glycerin
rosehip calendula don't know if I
pronounced that right apricot kernel
arnica hyaluronic acid not from animals
green tea cucumber and vitamin E it
sounds really nice I'm so gonna try to
tell unlike my lips and eye area and
everything my eye area once I can
actually use stuff in my eye area that
is it's an ink here
Oasis Beauty I've got one from drug
cosmetics and know I look buddy shop no
matter what happens in your life we all
have our own destiny I wanted the color
there everyone of all skin tones would
feel confident and beautiful in every
day so this is Lizzy
from what would Lizzy do she's so
beautiful she is absolutely stunning in
such a bubbly nice kind personality a
beautiful girl so this is her own
collection yes
Denis which is a looks like one of those
creamy glosses yeah so that's what the
color looks like it's a nice super
glossy opaque purplish kind of color
then we have something from it the body
shop here new in-store 11th of July pure
healthy at brightness for your skin
drops of light brightening serum oh it
looks like there's quite a few new
things
oh it's double sided and we haven't
found the Fountain of Youth but we might
have found a few drops of it that was a
tongue twister for me for some reason
can you guys read this out loud and tell
me if you find it difficult to say or as
they just me install 11th of July so
this is the drops of youth essence
lotion three potent stem cells from
three resilient plants it's quite cool
alright I don't really know if my skin
needs this I could give it a go my mum
could give it a go - I got my botox
that's all I need good skincare as well
of course and then the boys shop drops
of light pure healthy brightening day
cream I love love love brightening
products so this here's north-atlantic
rid I'll go extract I'll definitely
probably try that one first I look it's
for dark spots and skin pigmentation I
want to fit help acne scarring and stuff
as well be a good prequels and things
then if you've got lots of freckles that
you want to help fade I'm like the Sun
you know like sunspots and things here's
some info if you want to pause the
screen so they gave me the jobs of light
brightening serum the drops of light day
cream the drops of youth youth and then
this lotion as well so thank you body
shot by the way for the I just put in
eye drops again by the way for those of
you who were asking about Botox and
Michael update it's still well and truly
there so no wrinkles
well I definitely overcooked it it's a
little bit like mashed tastier I have no
idea what I'm gonna make with it maybe
just like simple cheese or something on
an R but it's all spitting out really
nicely like it's supposed to be it's
just a little bit overcooked
hey if dub it's my first time so there's
my excuse probably lift it and the slow
cooker for way too long look how cool
their texture is though I'm so excited
we have these in New Zealand now well I
mean we might have had them for ages but
I've never seen them before so put it in
their dish with salt and pepper
so this pretty much tastes like tastes
like mesh I just put some cream cheese
garlic and milk and mozzarella and then
paper and stuff no I made a broccoli
salad quick cranberries there is some
some last aids red onion apple raisins
cranberries I don't know visit that in a
honey mustard kind of dressing with some
red wine vinegar hey Zeus this is the
ps4 rich turn claim we just started
playing it together and it's got such
cool graphic like this so good looking
me for someone's being cuddly Erica it's
cuz he's got a haircut so now he's a
little bit colder
so is that okay I'll cuddle you now my
camera is flashing at me so I'll talk to
you guys tomorrow
