hey said it I haven't even blowed today
it's actually like 2:30 now 2:30 this
morning we went out got some breakfast /
but wasn't it your breakfast was lunch
it yet I I slept in today it was amazing
I slept until like 10:00 a.m. like it
was all so I went in just to rain
Cimmerian say to pick up some stationery
and filing folders and boring things and
Hamish needed a new shaver so that's
what we've really done today I'm
computer chatting so some readings even
just city wants to bring over his
puppies so bring over the puppy probably
and introduce him to my puppies even
though they're not really puppies I'm
gonna call them puppies because like I'm
allowed hey Suzie eat him get him Zeus
you've gotten so big from last time so
soft
hey he's like I'm not too sure yeah you
get him I think he's a bit he's like
 what's that
don't be a bully baking them into a
corner look he's like what is this he's
being so good good boy Louie it was so
rude give him some
give them some one on each hand tug of
war
hey Susie hi one day he's gonna be much
stronger than Louie you look at Louie
you think he's just all League but it's
actually very muscular he tries to get
real close so he talked what is it he's
I'm confused I don't know what this does
whose feet your big little dog army he
must be like a good light another half
as big as he was last yeah yeah PT
Louie's being a sook he's scared
we just reorganized all my fellas look
how good they look I took a photo and
that's fluff out of luest way that he
pulled out and so says find are they all
feeling perfect not one left behind you
such a monster Louie think so he's like
what are you doing with my toy Louie is
such a worse he's like Queen so 11 sir
Ivan now we're going to go to a BYU I'm
not gonna drink tonight at then quite
savvy or something you die I can't
remember we were gonna go to Pompeii
that it's booked out / we actually did
book a table and it was all fine but
them two extra friends wanted to come
along so there's enough room so we'd to
cancel
I forgot to vlog my dinner good morning
everyone so I just got up and did my
skincare for the morning I haven't
showered yet if you couldn't tell I
usually need to wash my hair as well but
I'm just going to sit up today's video
it seems to get a vlog I think I'll be
able to my eyes are pretty good now last
night they were actually very dry I just
said there with my eye drops and put
them in let your routine minutes well
this one wasn't bad but this one was so
yeah I just put in heaps and heaps and
hip to drop eyedrops and then when I
woke up this morning it was good again
so maybe you know I just needed to spend
some time with my eyes shut so there was
all good they feel good today I just put
in my morning eye drops
oh yeah oh a team to get at a blog today
as well I mean I think later on I'm
going to do some ink so beauty work that
I've been meaning to do some new product
and I'm also going to try to finish
cleaning my beauty room because I really
just want to get that done it and I
don't know I'm in the mood for cleaning
you know how sometimes you're just like
oh I feel like cleaning today and I feel
like organizing so yeah that's probably
what I'll do
I didn't have luck yesterday we did not
much extra light still a lot
why should tiny bit of TV did some
social media I shaped so switch took a
couple of hours I'd so all by myself I
was so proud maybe she's like doing me
to help us like not want to see if I can
do it myself and I could and he looks so
good today so I'll show you him later as
well it's very happy with his hiccup he
may need to do it for the last couple of
weeks but there's just been so much
happening so the whole things just been
running around all along and he reads he
relies so he's much happier now and this
bug is very happy just had a nice big
sleep in didn't you well not big
sleeping we woke up at about 8:30 I set
my alarm for 7:30 but it wasn't
happening was it it was not happening
hey it's got his toy
is that what's happening Howie playing
cretins did okay man you makeup tutorial
is up now it's Aiken Kardashian spied
makeup look I know lots of people have
done it I filmed it a couple of weeks
ago and just got it up but it's like one
of my favorite looks gave us so I
thought I'd still put it up and of
course lots of youtubers are doing it's
because it's such a gorgeous look so you
know if you don't want to see it it's up
on my channel and then I also put up a
new blog there it is they're amazing you
makeup and now it's time to finish
cleaning out my room wish me luck
Oh done just have to vacuum now put
everything away and washed all of my
makeup brushes as well
got a few there drying and in the
restaurant
hello you guys might find this
interesting I'm just designing like this
is not new but at the moment I'm just
designing some ideas for like limited
edition brushes and things but like this
was way back when I was rebranding
everything and I like made lots of like
concepts and stuff but some pots of cone
shapes so crazy like I it's been so long
like I know it doesn't look like much
because it took so long then obviously I
decided on one similar to this it's the
final looker Lily what's happening we're
going on a walk Sue's come on Kaiser's
this reduces haircut to shade in your
faith you excited you ready to go
tripping people up but I know it's just
like I give no I am on a mission
to walk the river is up so high cuz it's
just been raining like every single day
for the last like two or three weeks
it's like you can't tell cuz like unless
you won't know what it normally looks
like but usually it would only be like
that white and it's so white puppies
they're happy to be out on their walk
yeah it's bit rains like every day
without doubt but this is like the first
afternoon move officially had a nice day
for a long time it's time to make this I
got it from with a stationary today all
right what are you doing just you go for
a big walk yeah
this is really hot I hate to employ a
boyfriend because it was too hot for me
about myself look at these instructions
they're the worst instructions we've
ever seen so confusing I have a helper
hey Zeus you being a help back you look
so handsome I'm all done doesn't look as
nice hold on it's gonna focus any minute
now
doesn't look as nice in there but I his
storage underneath and I'm so much
further away from the screen now like
before I was like you know sitting with
my keyboard was but now I've got like a
lot more space so I'm not jammed up
against the screen which is nice and
there's just so much more work space as
well
see ya that'll do for now there was a
mission to make we've got room
underneath for like my microphone and
stuff lazy Dan a cup of soup
