good morning everyone it just got back
from the gym it is that Monday hope you
guys enjoyed the weekend plug I know I
didn't vlog like a lot of lot but you
know it's just enjoying time with
friends and everything
hustling back into work Brian today we
just got back from the gym like I just
did and I'm on my period and I literally
was just struggling like all my normal
workout was like twice as hard it was
just such a struggle and I feel so tired
and drained then just low-energy
midday so I've got my nail appointments
it's the only one they had
I'm usually it when I was doing like end
of the day that's okay so I'm going to
try and put up a video before that and
then after my appointment I think I'm
gonna finish cleaning up my beauty room
and yeah that's my plan for today so
she's just hit a bath if you have a bath
did you but he's so funny okay so it is
the event that's or what did we get up -
I'm so inconsistent with these okay
Steven this is the bare minerals epic
calendar I eventually get up that time
okay so this here is sunkissed blush
mini blush 8 this here is brave some eye
shadow
yeah I color their eye Scherzer is
really beautiful actually really
beautiful this one's chest I just think
and I just feel so tired I feel like I'm
half asleep come on
why is this it being killing but like
sorry Hodge did you does anyone ask got
this one and fun yet as hot as I am or
is it just me no wonder look I've put
the friggin lipgloss under there so you
can't push it down like I'm sorry like I
love this event calendar idea but like
it doesn't even forget fit in there like
no one do you can key anything out
it's just mult designed very well get
that okay
this is socialite lipgloss nice light
peachy pink with some pink glitter 10
flush domination the end of a mascara
volumizing mascara all with a petite
brush and slow job try that and then
today's date which is the limit that's
much less going so quick okay this is
the original mineral veil okay body shop
calendar this is probably my favorite
apart from the slopes that weren't
initially it smells pretty good but I
just don't you slope like that
okay eight this one is designed way
better you can actually get stuck out I
say as I struggle okay man these nails
strawberry shower gel start ooh
the night is big how even though there
this is a goal I mean 10 oh yes mango
with lotion young and then I live in
today is a loofah which is always handy
oh it's a soft one what you're in the
wrong way I'm wearing my white fox
leggings today quite like them I'm
wearing a medium I think it kind of
rotated I'm they're high-waisted to your
weight you are whit sorry I've just put
on some masks because my skin has so
many black aids right now it's so weird
I wonder if it's with the heat and they
may wearing makeup in the heat and
sweating in socks so I've got a B or a
chat oh no this is just a pee or a
poster it and then I have on the skin
food what suits me hot mash your knee
leave it on for three to five minutes
and it does actually feel quite warm and
there's a real hot it just feels like
yeah um this looks crazy
oh this mask is just for deep cleaning
and dry scaly skins like exfoliating I
just want to see how it weaned on like
kids and stuff because they're all kind
of like on the surface like I could pop
them all out but I don't want to cuz I
don't want to like it's got Mexican or
anything so I'm working it this will
kinda like pull some out naturally for
nards and it's not up to another master
Tamar and see how it goes because this
one's quite gentle think it's just
fighting me to kind of melt down the
dead skin cells maybe I don't know
anyway that's what I'm doing very this
looks feels nice it feels really smooth
oh my god so stuck to me
we're gonna yeah
okay I just rinsed it off immediately I
can feel and see a difference and how
much smoother my chin is but there's
like kids were just like sticking out a
microphone it feels really spinach I
think it was really accelerating it's so
hates of black kids but it feels so much
better so I'm happy
quickly tomorrow and do another mask I
don't wanna go to a woman to dry out my
skin but yeah so far I'm happy it was
good I really like the skin firm last
the rice one is my favorite so now
pretty much I'm going to put up my video
and then do a little bit of work and
probably make some lunch before it goes
to my nail appointment so yeah that's my
day so far
filling out I'll talk to you guys soon
I'm trying figure out what oh my
computer's off it's like why sitting on
ground which video to put up say maybe
my green lip one okay so I just put in
this video hair fullest cover it like no
joke this is such full coverage it is
crazy so yeah go check that out if you
haven't seen it yet shout out to you in
this community I love you guys thank you
so much for granting yay and I am
currently it is hanging up my chicken
pot of my declawed a video so I'm
putting that up in a week or two who I
am it but yeah I'm gonna make lunch and
then it'll be time to go to my
appointment I'm just going to eggs I
hope we've actually got stuff with eggs
we literally have it sweet if a food
like we've got no picado
no green videos like lettuce beans
anything like that we've only got like
cream right and pumpkin we've got no
bread apart from home ashes bread which
I'm having which I don't like generally
say that I don't know if I already did
that um yeah we've got like no food in
the house so I'm not sure what I'm gonna
have for dinner tonight not ideal and
yesterday I was an idiot and I forget it
dropped my Invisalign somewhere so I
just put of my neck straight early but
luckily they fit I was panicking because
last time this happened
the next trade didn't fit and then I had
to get revisions done so it was
completely my fault
always obviously just really Kahless had
to put a nutrient and my mouth like I
fit but it's so tight and my mouth is so
sore you hmm since I've been on my
period for the last couple days my face
is just like puffed up and then the
Invisalign and it's just like inflamed
like I don't know so it just water
retention do you guys if you get like
that and they like the hate and
everything plus I just drunk you so I'll
go all in the weekend cuz we went to the
vineyards and there was just wine for
days anyway hopefully it goes down so
and I just need drink a ton of water and
avoid too much salt not too much soda my
eggs today although usually it's not
really so they go ham on its the people
gonna open a couple of packages while
the water boils for my eggs this page
here came from ferns New Zealand never
heard of this there you go so these are
skinned soul ridden rejuvenating masks a
below with bee venom and apple stem
cells so they're sheet masks they are
supposed to brighten your skin tone lock
in moisture stimulate the production of
collagen tighten and firm fine lines and
wrinkles the paraben and paraffin
silicone sulfate free and suitable for
all skin types and they cost $28 for
five next up is a package from it go to
skin care we have a very useful face
cream which is an ultra hydrating
lightweight moisturizer gent was
replenishing at plant-derived
oils buddies and power antioxidants
furniture a makes you and Brian house a
blue I love some of the packaging like
this it's so cute it's quick you so we
look bad and then what else is in here
Seeger so it's bigger and useful uh so
it is a hundred mill now and you can get
it for $80 and it's exclusively
available and go to skincare calm we hit
a giant sized chocolate bar specially
made to celebrate the launch of our 100
mill very useful face cream JK you can
totally buy these from the airport enjoy
and then lastly we have the gigi hadid
maybelline color which got a little bit
mumble jumbled in the post but that's
fine I might do a you know face like
first impressions trying out heaps of
this stuff so should see a comment on my
video today so yeah there's a mascara
this eye line is what else is the
contour palettes I contouring palette
Jitsu - pellet illuminating liquid a
tinted primer heaps of stuff in here
no time I'll see you soon my darling I
love you I love you so cute the aircon
is on for you now see you soon
I'm a beautiful buck okay I'm gonna be
here all day if I carry this on this is
about two weeks I think growth so it's
time to get my nails refilled because
when they get like this I just start
catching my nails on everything and like
it puts pressure on to my natural now
and sometimes like breaks my nails
because it's real wake up here obviously
with his nan kerlick I get acrylic and
gel so yeah I think it's just the whole
way that my nails grow so much faster
and look my nails just I mean my fingers
just peel the skin because they're so
dry I need to religiously sigh using
hand cream but just always forget it I'm
so bad with that kind of thing I'm like
all about my face skincare and then my
body I'm like so lazy
here's the color I went for there you go
you can see be there now it's like a
neon peachy peachy pink
so bright I'm like literally pulling
asleep right now I'm so tired I'm just
going to go home and clean
let's Macy's been doing huh
hello mr. mr. know thee my little
dumpling I love you oh thank you okay so
now the plan is just spell some water
cuz I'm so dehydrated and then maybe
just tidy up this room but muah
I haven't done any more since the last
update I showed you guys because ya just
haven't been home and then been busy
working so I just want to finish this up
really good away some of this stuff down
here some screen here some random
extensions why does my knee look so
weird on this angle it looks bent okay
she looks normal
it was just angle what does that look
okay let's how much of this weekend
skull I think this trip went two liters
yeah just over two liters so I could
have try and finish this before the end
of the day I have been drinking anything
today that's a good stop
alright the floor is clear I've just got
to wipe down the benches tomorrow this
is just that drop stuff I'm still trying
to figure out where I'm gonna stroll
this and then that stuff there is stuff
there any cheese and videos soon I need
to wipe down the beach just but I'm just
like me I was out tomorrow with but a
good of Wellington smarter fix the car
again
this is very loud because the um the
Porsche keeps like turning its music off
and on such an issue so yeah gotta go to
Wellington tomorrow and then it's Rachna
and I'll just wipe down and we're all
done I need to tidy up those cables as
well yeah and I also should probably
wash my brushes to be honest in all
those pallets are there because I'm
gonna use them in videos too okay it's
the afternoon done understood what time
is it now 643 should my period please
Louie enjoys cold wind today any feeling
a little bit sick and just hit a class
of this this is one of my current
favorite wines if you guys were
wondering the Montana reserve Pinot Noir
it's so good I love it
I'm hitting cook I'm like drinking way
too much lately it's so unhealthy for me
but yeah well it's the one thing you
guys can't say no to like leave a
comment down below what is something
that you know it's not good fear but you
do it anyway it's just too good mine is
cooks your own Indian food yes
