so this is a next morning Shannon's
going to test a version you could walk
up and you could say this morning pretty
amazing a bit already
can you read those letters they're the
KH watt of E yeah a little bit blurry
over Barry okay let's leave that there
so Shannon that bear is 2020 that's
where we would consider normal distance
before you had your treatment so well I
measured your vision without anything
your vision was here I made a vision
that was as much as you could see so
you've now gained all of these lines of
vision it's great and you can see 20/20
but you can actually now read along
better than 20/20 summarize link as well
I can see that the header is so the more
you blink what it's doing is its
replenishing with tearful that's
brilliant
that is awesome awesome start
I do believe anything here at all with
that left I'll go just out of interest I
know it's roots more that is releasing
is available today yeah okay yeah that
is two lines
that's another line so what are you left
eye you're able to get a couple of
letters of there so that's pretty really
really good that's amazing
would you call that successful of course
hey guys so I'm home now I'm very very
happy but before I talk you through like
you know what happened last night how I
felt and like pain stuff I thought I
would show you what mail I got because a
lot of metal while I was gone and I
think this afternoon I'm just gonna take
it easy
and maybe just tidy up my filming room a
little bit I don't want to do anything
pewter work just year so I'm not going
to edit a vlog or anything like that
I've been sitting there with my sunnies
on all day my eyes are naturally they're
sensitive to the light they said they
might be but they're not really but I
still just wore them anyway
got a few packages today so let's have a
look so first I have some stuff from
Shoei where ever you pronounce that
always be yourself unless you mean
mermaid the summit's all that mermaid
vibes
I wanted to share our new summer goodies
with you thank you
so there is some lip gloss as it looks
like our my jaw just clicked
that was weird I'll just unbox this
stuff and then I'll show you it but look
how cool this packaging is you guys know
I love iridescent oh my goodness so
these are well it's called the glow
palette mermaid glow palette and there's
five creamy highlighters this one was
really pretty oh my goodness it is look
at it super shiny it's almost like wet
looking umm so yeah this is that one so
next up are these eyeshadow I mean yet I
shadows mermaid eyeshadows inspired eye
shadows they're so pretty i swatched
them on my hand look at that look at
that top shade it's so pretty it's like
blue and purple joram and then there's
like a whitish greeny yellow joy chrome
and then a pink draw a chrome and then a
white with like a choir in it and love I
need to do something with these look how
cute this little box is like mermaid
themed so there is four lip glosses here
I'll swatch them quick these are
actually called the lip creams so
there's hello.js let the very top one is
called unicorn the second one is called
watermelon and then the third one down
is called fairy and then the very bottom
one is called daiquiri these kind of
smell like Starbucks like vanilla
Starbucks and then that top really shiny
color is this look topper I guess you
just put on top of any other lip color
to make it really shiny and transform
then the last thing here is this
luminizing body lotion and that box is
absolutely beautiful and this is the
packaging it's so pretty it's just a
really nice classy white bottle with
these metallic stickers and like the
gold lid so pretty thank you so much
usually if there's how you pronounce
your brand I have no idea I like look
you want to keep all these little bits
and pieces because they're really cute
okay I also got this lipstick here by
Karen mural and it's called orchid bloom
doesn't my focus for me of course as
always here we go it's a really nice
medium pinky note that's at this watched
next up we have some Mac goodies so in
here must be some stuff from the
Christian collection here is some of the
price
is if you want to pause the screen it's
kind of hard to read this is out June
6th super cute packaging for the
butterflies and the flowers love it
so here are some of the colors I got
yellow lipstick and this is in the shade
X I X I and then this one here is called
pale pepper and then this one here is
called electric meandering next up is
something from Dior so we have a
pamphlet oh my goodness I love these I
have filled them so I got this kit here
it's a manicure kit and color and dots
medical kit which is super cute I love
the colors this here is an eyeshadow
fluid shedder
and it is in the shade five five five
I'll swatch in a second also another one
of these do your what do they call again
I can never remember oh this is a milky
turn I think it's different to what I
have and at 286 and then a Dior Addict
lipstick in five eight one that
detailing there so from the left to
right with the milky tint the eye shadow
and then the lipstick and the lipstick
is very share it's like a share
buildable color I love that eye shadow I
need to use it ASAP look at that so
pigmented I was into this Taylor blue by
hot mess contour kit light to medium so
there part is I'm assuming they just
look like the Anastasia Beverly Hills
and everything so thank you what else do
we have we have some stuff from benefit
moves in here hi girl just get ready to
rise and prime with benefit here's your
morning's new fave pet for perfect skin
benefit oh yay thank you look how sweet
that is so they sent me some stay don't
stray which is perfect because I love
this it's one of my all-time favorites
I'm Porefessional license to blot oil
blotting stick can't seem that I don't
think professional which is like a oil
minimum or minimizing pore minimizing
primer pore fessional wipes it looks
like or masks no mass wipes I don't know
I open it in a second third powder the
Porefessional powder we have a personal
met riskier break in poor emergency
super fiying
super flying
super meta fiying it gel cute little
face mask something here and something
here so one second this is available
27th of May to new secret weapons to it
defeat boards and shine so the poor mass
or here we go so they must be like poor
strips or something it says special
textured fabric helps exfoliate and
remove poor impurities and in the
invisible finish notifying gel is a
lightweight water-based gel which
overpowers shine and absorbs excess
surface oil so there you go and in the
little box is a cute little like coffee
Mississippi mug thingy thank you so much
benefit let's um open up this one I
don't know I've got this have I I don't
know I totally don't look at it it's so
interesting I guess you just wipe it on
your t-zone and stuff I don't know I
should look into it here's the
Porefessional wipeout mask Julian did
pour clarifying mask I my translator and
we'll see what it does and what it looks
like everything pressed firmly on
plastic bubble to release pour serum in
saturate mass and the last thing is some
stuff I bought from PA oh that got
friggin stuck in customs which was a
bummer but I don't feel like opening
that right now I'll do that later or
another day or something like that when
I'm actually prepared to put it away
alright time to tidy up a bit it's
gotten a bit out of control once again
after filming all those halls so it kind
of doesn't look like it like Hamish
pointed out just now but I tied it up a
lot and then I also cleaned all my
brushes so they're just lying down so
I'll put them up in the little container
tomorrow obsessed with my brushes I'm so
proud of them by the way if you guys
have bought them you can leave reviews
on the website we do make sure that
everyone that lose a review is a
purchaser from the website so you know
people can't just go in there and write
positive or negative things that they
haven't actually bought them before so
if you have actually bought them please
leave a review let me know what you
think of them I would love that
yawn out the video video with pickles
and Dijon mustard so I just clean my
skin with this simple micellar water
because I can't get my eye area which or
anything I don't wanna get anything in
my eyes I didn't even use this on my
area I just used it you know on my face
and nose and stuff cuz you can't get
your eyes wet for
five days because there just feel like
super uncomfortable everything so yeah I
didn't want to really use like a face
cleanser
either in case I got soap in my eye or
something so I'm going to stick to this
for the next few days before you know
moving on to a proper cleanser again
miss Kay she feels quite clean which is
that so that's good now I'm gonna try
out this thingy that I got today so this
is to firmly press Oh Matt could you
hear that it was out of it so that's all
done and then after that you just have
to remove the mask and apply the smooth
side to your poor problem area so here's
an uber close-up of my nose my nose is
actually really terribly dirty at the
moment so it's the perfect time to kind
of test it out you can see my pores here
really close up and in here I'm not the
most unlucky person with my pores like
my paws generally aren't that noticeable
unless you're like really close like
just then like from here you can't
really see them but hopefully we can
still see some results so check it on
now and then it takes two minutes you
just wiped off so here's how it looks
just being careful obviously not to get
it anywhere near my eye area I'm just
going to shut my eyes and relax for 10
minutes see what it does and I think
it's like a hardening mask like it feels
quite floppy so I'm guessing it's just
like a I don't know treatment mask like
it's not like a pullout mask or anything
I might check one of my chin as well
because motion is not happy so like
someone for like 15 minutes anything
because I was too lazy to get out of
gear
now you use the other side like the
little stiffly side to rope over the
area and get rid of any gunk when they
saw on holy crap this video isn't
sponsored of course my skin felt so like
tingly in a good way like it felt like I
was cleaning my skin like it felt really
cooling and minty fresh almost but let's
see if you can't you notice a difference
visibly I'm getting a friggin break out
again just so I thought that what was
starting to calm down my skin's been the
worst is everything lately I feel like I
said it a lot I feel like there's
actually a source it's ever been
thinking of seeing like a skin
specialist I don't know anymore and
partner that's really good I don't want
to just go somewhere random at the edge
site I use this
he's can get like I want to go somewhere
that actually knows what they're talking
about I don't know here we have to
notice a difference you can see like all
of my facial hair to be actually honest
looking close up in the mirror like I
can't notice as much of a difference
over my nose but you don't really have
like my support on your nose but I can
tell a difference just in here I don't
know if you're gonna be able to see on
camera on like the whole area it just
looks so smooth in the mirror like it
actually does actually not I feel like
it actually did a pretty good job
it feels so like nice as well like it
feels so firm I'm gonna have to keep
using these all right Hamish is gaming
in the bedroom so I'm just gonna go out
to the lounge quickly because I want to
talk to you guys about last night and
what happened after Hamish Duke and I so
let's sit down get comfortable I'm not
going to talk for one because my eyes
are getting a little bit sauce I'm gonna
go live in shut my eyes and put in some
eyedrops and stuff it was amazing
I'm not gonna lie absolutely terrifying
like it was so terrifying so what
happened was I wait for the consult
there's a couple more checks
I'm just checked on my eyes and
everything viola then I went into
another little office and a really nice
lady but you know eyedrops in numbing
drops cleaned my eyes thoroughly put
iodine around the area made sure
everything was real sanitary and you
know good to go put little shoe covers
on me and stuff and just talk to me and
she was so lovely she was really really
nice to talk to just had a good laugh in
a chair and she really kind of put me at
ease so much actually that by the time I
was standing up talking to the room I
was like wait a second I'd almost
completely forgotten what was about to
happen I feel like I don't know I was
just gonna stress out so motor I was
like on the walk to the room I was like
I feel like that's a very normal
reaction that I like you know that hip
surgery I feel like it's not really like
a small deal or anything so so I
basically walked in lay down on the bed
and right into it another lady but some
eye drops in doctor mental kind of told
me to look up and put some more eye
drops I don't know I guess I like more
numbing drops and things like that just
to make sure buyers were super
comfortable
then they put in this little advice
there makes you not be able to blink you
don't even feel the urge to blink like
it's really bizarre so like you can't
blink you don't feel like you need to
blink your eyes just feel like nothing
so that was fine there was one of the
biggest things I was worried about was
like I need to blink what if I need to
move my eyes but as I said yesterday the
little lasers actually track your eye
movements as well like he tried he tells
you to try and be still and try to look
straight it it's like a little light
that you can look at his eye just look
straight at the light just try to stay
still and he was like you're doing
really good I was like talking to me
through it and telling him telling me
exactly what was happening the entire
time um so yeah it wasn't hard like I
didn't really have to do much and
actually you kind of lost your vision
like I just saw black and like splotches
of light like I couldn't actually see
much which was kind of a good thing but
also that was what made it super scary
so for me it was not painful at all I
couldn't feel anything the pressure on
my eye wasn't that bad either there's a
whole lot of information about the
actual procedure which is basically like
you know they cut open a flap work on
your eye smooth it over and everything I
feel like the smoothing part I could see
when they smooth the eye flat back down
but it wasn't uncomfortable I couldn't
feel it I was just kind of panicking and
I actually did panicked myself so much I
think I started hyperventilating the
girl the nurse that did all my drops
before I went and she was holding my
hand she's like yeah you kind of
hyperventilating a little bit having a
little bit of a panic attack and stuff
um I just tried to think you know it's
going to be okay I'm in the best hands
it's going to be over in 10 minutes like
it's not a big deal it took about 6
minutes in each high um and literally as
soon as I stood up it was so emotional
but already I was like it's ready with
it like I could already see kind of well
which was really weird
it was definitely blurry and hazy but I
could see like better than if I didn't
have my contacts in previously was so
bizarre today I can see almost perfectly
my eyes are very dry so I'm doing lots a
lots of eye drops they actually give you
a whole lot of medication to take and
like eyedrops and stuff like that to
help heal your eyes and keep away any
bacteria and infection even though I
think the chance of infections like so
low anyway this is a super low
especially since I already wore contacts
it's like no higher than wearing
contacts or anything
but they don't give you some eyedrops
just to be safe I'm sorry about service
I feel like I'm all over the places just
such an overwhelming feeling so yeah I
was very scared during the actual
procedure no pain or anything so that
was great but I just felt scared I kind
of worked myself up I think I was trying
to relax but I was just finding it
really hard to relax because it was just
such a desert feeling like especially
how I couldn't actually see for a while
I was like oh my god and I was trying
not to cry and stuff and I don't know I
just I was just full long but seriously
I would do that 20 times over and over
and over and over and over again if I
had to like the results the next day
like I want to cry like when I went in
for my checkup this morning they'll talk
to me I was like so didn't like it cry
cry and um yeah like doing those like
tears and seeing how far I could see I
just like holy it's amazing like
it's already so worth it so at 12 to 15
minutes of scared Ness it's so worth it
so worth it I just cannot believe I can
see I can see better than I could with
my context and previously like I can see
things as I see it's a little bit blurry
still my visions like you know I've got
it done yet it's still not perfect it's
gonna get even better which is just
incredible I am just like I can't even
I'm so happy
of course put links to where I went down
below and the surgeon that did my eyes
down below he was so nice like me and
Hamish both were just like holy
like not just him but every staff member
that I came across on this entire
experience like everyone was just so
nice and just made me feel so like calm
I guess just Eddie is like there were
just such nice people and they just made
me feel so comfortable the whole way
through as much as possible when I was
like my pants that's what I was
about to say earlier so after the
surgery they'll okay you can stand up
now no like don't worry I was going to
be quite blurry right now and they were
stood up and Hamish was there and like
the wall there and looking at me and I
literally was just like having a
meltdown like I couldn't although I'll
at you okay and I was just like and they
were like to her but they tell me later
on not right then because obviously if
knots overwhelmed there like a lot of
people feel really overwhelmed like some
people come in and they
like the toughest people universe
they're walking down the street and they
come out and they're just like look it
is quite an intense thing to do but if
you're thinking about doing it it
doesn't hurt it didn't hurt me and it's
so fast it's over before you know it and
the results holy like honestly as I
said I'd do it a million times over and
over again it's just so we're ready and
I'm not even fully healed yet warning if
you're very squeamish skip forward I've
got a little bit of redness up here that
is completely normal I think they said
that was from the suction or something
they said 100% normal
most people get this it's nothing to be
worried about they said can take up to
about a month to heal up a few weeks to
a month or so I don't even care
I'm just like you know what these my
better wounds it's I I just can't even
believe it like if there's the worst I
how I look afterwards I don't even care
so today no pain or anything um just
feel a little bit itchy but not itchy
itchy just a little bit like scratchy
nothing major it just feels the same as
when like I was wearing my contacts well
don't talk up my contacts and they felt
a bit like dry my eyes felt dry so yeah
as I said they prescribed me like
medical eyedrops they have to do for a
week and then I've also got other just
like lubricating eyedrops that I use in
between and they gave me all this
information and like printed it out and
gave me their phone numbers and all
sorts of stuff so if I have any
questions I just have to like text them
or read the forum or dipper and I just
can't do any excessive exercise caucus
we're in my eyes that'll feel really
uncomfortable no rubbing or itching my
eyes no swimming of course for a while
as I see it I can't go my eyes which I
think it's about five days but I'm going
to go for like a week just to be safe um
no makeup for about five days five to
seven days or something like that I have
to double check but it's differently at
least five days if you go for a checkout
at my local optometrist in a week's time
which is fine they're just going to
shoot my vision see how everything's
healing in report back to the eye
institute and ramiro client what else so
straightforward like it's so intense but
it's not you know what I mean like I'm
not in any pain I'm doing my normal
stuff today like I've watched a little
bit of TV I've done a little bit of
reading
I've just obviously tried to keep my
eyes shut every now and again for a
little bit just to help with them we
share lots of eye drops like all day
long been drinking loads and loads of
water I thought that sensitive to be
honest they said there might be a little
bit sensitive analyte but not for me I
still as I said I still did wear like my
sunglasses outside just to be safe and
everything I'm just sitting here like I
wish I did this way sooner obviously I
was wetting my eyes become more stable
and everything so that's part of the
reason why I doing but you know if I
could have had this done years and years
ago oh my gosh this has changed my life
and I noticed some people it seems so
silly it's one of those things you know
if you guys out there have really really
good vision good look at this and be
like I love it so silly or something you
know not necessarily not saying all of
you think like that but you know that's
like what hammer city's like you just
don't understand how much of a issue it
is because he's got great eyesight he's
just like I can't imagine what it would
be like whereas if you guys wear
contacts or glasses you guys know even
if it's only a little prescription it's
just such a pain in the ass and it's so
hard that you can't do everything they
ever ask and do even things like
swimming like it's so difficult just to
even go swimming you know and it's just
like already I'm just like so emotional
I'm gonna see my vlogs over to the eye
Institute so hi everyone thank you so
much you guys literally have changed my
life I'm already so happy
I don't know ass to say right now if
you've still got more questions or
anything feel free to leave them down
below and I can continue to kind of
follow up you know as the days go on and
I'll keep filling you in every few days
or a couple of weeks or whatever happens
you know I'll just keep following you
and as I go but yeah if you've been
thinking about getting something done go
do it
also lots of you are like oh I don't
think I can get LASIK I don't think I
could do this I don't think I can do
that if you are unsure I highly strongly
suggest that you just go in for a
consult if you come out of that consult
and they're like yet you can get
something done at least you know and
then you know you can think about it you
can begin to save for it or you can you
know decide if it's something you really
want to do or not and then if they can't
do anything for you at least you know
and you can put that you know put that
away
know that you can't do it go get checked
go get a consult because look at me like
the first time I like no I don't think
you're gonna be able to do it and I was
so upset and I thought that was that but
then they were like no no come in come
get properly tested with all the
machinery and all the gear and all the
machines and blah blah and look at me
now like it's amazing I was so upset
that day that I thought I could get it
done like you guys know so it's just
amazing if you're just making
assumptions and you're not quite sure
go and get a consult because also it's
not like they only do LASIK they have so
many different procedures so if you
aren't suitable for one procedure it's
quite likely that they're going to be
able to do something else for you so
honestly like if it's something you've
been thinking about what have you got to
lose I'm like go get surgery I just want
you guys to be able to feel as happy as
I feel right now
and I know it's not you know not
everyone can afford it or has the money
to do it and stuff but if it's something
that really does bother you honestly
it's worth all the money in the world
like if you can just put away you know a
few dollars a week and just save towards
it for in the future I guarantee you you
will new very very very regret you know
spending money on this it is so so worth
it also they do have payment plans I
think I showed you that you're sore on
the bottom of my sheet and said that
I've got like interest-free client blue
plans and stuff I sound like such a
little like oh my god like know-it-all
sales person right now but I'm just
really happy someone asked sees this
video and I've just been on the fence
about it and they decide to go through
with it like you are not gonna regret it
that's alone that's like message I'm
trying to get across here sorry if I
sound really intense but I'm just
literally so happy I can't even believe
it plus I'm really really really really
tired right now it's um kind of sounded
crazy also it was really cute um I took
my glasses out there with me excited
just hid them in my handbag and I was
wearing them obviously because I
couldn't work onto it for like a couple
of days before I got the stuff they
actually had this little like donation
thing so I donated my old glasses
because people like what are gonna do
with your old glasses you're going to
like smash them or something but I
donated them to them so I Institute and
they I think they give them to like
people overseas like I think
Fiji or something tell me I don't know
but they donate them to someone that
needs them so that's so cool so yeah
that's that I'm really happy if they're
I'm gonna go lie in bed now relax for a
bit
risk my eyes a little bit more it's just
amazing knowing that they're just going
to get better now by the way my eyesight
is one step better then 20/20 vision I
think they said how crazy is that like
before I was like negative three point
five and negative three point something
else
and now I've got better than 20/20
vision like better than a normal
person's perfect eyesight and I got like
a new form for my driver's license so
they're like you don't need a wear
glasses when you drive anymore and I'm
like well whoever invented LASIK eye
surgery you're amazing
that is awesome you were too smart okay
one more thing I hope that anyone
thinking about LASIK eye surgery like I
hope these vlogs helped you out let me
know down below if you're gonna get it
or if you're thinking about getting it
or if you're like hell no I would never
ever do that
oh wait I've got one more thing I want
to say I saw so many people being like
hell no I'm gonna do there I've got such
a knife obeah I don't even go near my
eyes with eye drops and stuff and then I
was laughing that's how I used to be
years and years ago until I got contact
lenses and like after that I could stab
myself in the eye with my fingernail if
I wanted to there's the thing like when
you're so used to sticking contacts in
your eyes LASIK eye surgery is not that
scary like when they're coming at me
with like eyedrops and stuff no problem
oh but when your eyes are numb and they
like have the little thing to stop you
blinking and stuff you can't even like
feel anything or see anything really
anyway so it's not that scary all you
see is kind of like a splash of light
flashing a light and like blobs of light
and darkness so it's not as scary as you
would imagine like if you just thought
about it it's not that scary and I feel
like I would rather be getting it done
then watching getting it done like
Hamish did it was messed up it was
really interesting to watch but it was
like that so I messed up I could not do
that whereas getting it done wasn't that
bad it was just terrifying because I was
terrified and I worked myself up I would
do it again though as I said
