everyone so today I am on my way to
Auckland with Hamish because tomorrow
hopefully I get the LASIK and I keep
saying hopefully and it's because it
depends if my eyes have stabilised I
think I've said this before but just in
case you're new to my channel basically
if my eyes have not changed prescription
and shape and everything since six
months ago when I got my last checkup
it's all go if they've changed we've
gotta wait a bit longer
so say we flapped Auckland tomorrow
morning open appointment without chest
my eyes and then if it's all good to go
we're going to get it done tomorrow
night I think it like 6:00 p.m. or
something so yeah really excited but
very nervous but I just keep thinking of
the positive part of it if it means I
don't have to wear contacts and glasses
anymore
then I'm going to be a very very happy
girl who just boys get in the way you
know like living with glasses and
contacts like this just oh it's just
always so frustrating like my eyes
always get dry from contest glasses just
annoy me they fall off I look to the
side and I can't see blurry vision at
night and you know all of that kind of
stuff it just sucks a lot so um I will
just be a changed person if I can get
the surgery I'm very very very excited
I've wanted it for years
um yeah fingers crossed fingers crossed
so I've packed my little suitcase I've
just got a little bit of makeup I don't
even know if I'm allowed to wear makeup
during the procedure obviously not I
makeup so I've just got brow gel
moisturizer highlighter and tinted
moisturizer and then a few different
outfits because I don't know what I want
to wear I don't know what we're doing
tonight CD etc so yeah just packed up
all that got some shoes in the other
side then today in the plane I'm just
wearing Nike leggings some Nike shoes
this jacket from misguided and this to
shoot someone sent me and my Daniel
Wellington watch as well which is not
the right time actually not raining a
poppy plants muffin
so we just got to our room it's the
Novotel
in Ella's Lee sweetie nice being on that
plane so it's quite a nice room
nice big beard nice boyfriend over here
the sliding is not fluttering and my
hair is all over the place I look bright
pink it's kind of hot
it's like way warmer up in Auckland
minute is imply me at the moment in
Parma it's like freezing cold and anyway
it's not raining which is a bonus
although apparently it's meant to rain
for like the next week so we'll probably
encounter some rain sooner or later in
Auckland but now we're going to do
something I don't know move we'll go to
like Sylvia Park or something we'll
figure it out but we're not just going
to sit in here we're going to go enjoy
our time I've got plenty of days of
sitting around if I have King LASIK so I
want to make the most of my freedom
while I can I asked the eye Institute
where I'm getting my laser how long I'll
be off a computer for and they said but
you're allergic it's between 24 hours or
within 24 hours and if I get customs
surface it will take a few days before I
can use a computer it's crossed I can
get LASIK but I don't know I honestly
don't know what's happening yet so after
I had my consult tomorrow morning I will
fill you guys in on all the details on
what's happening or what's not happening
maybe did you tell the people that
really saying is real close to I used to
live like across the road yes like
across the road from two weeks Lou yeah
hey guys so we just got back from town
it's like a live-in o'clock at night or
something quite no I can't be there like
like 20 to notice is 20 to 11 we just
went shopping without certain I didn't
take my camera with me and we went
watched the nice guys is it called with
Ryan Gosling and that other dude oh yeah
Hamish loved it he was like like in nine
out of ten liked it as well hey miss
chiefly likes a little bit more than me
but I thought it was really good stew
it's like a slide that trying to figure
it yeah it's a great semester
yeah it's like a spy mystery action
comedy it's like hybrid it's really good
so yeah um just being trying to take my
mind off tomorrow still feeling very
nervous so it's going to sleep now and
then yeah I've got my appointment
tomorrow morning so I'll take you along
with me in case
fun bits to film I already asked them if
I can film they said sure thing so here
I'm just going to film for me and even
though it's just a consult I don't know
maybe it'll be something fun to film I
don't know and then if I do get it done
I'm going to film it as well so I'll
give you a little warning before the
footage comes along so you can skip
ahead if it's something that you don't
really want to watch I don't know it
might be chaos some people or like
people have eye phobias and stuff you
know the yeah I'll talk to you guys
tomorrow
good morning we're going up brick this
hit this place called brioche I think
it's just down the road from the eye
Institute in R mu era so hopefully it's
good we're very hungry we've got an hour
till my appointment mango smoothie I
completely forgot to vlog
sort the ions to treat now I'm so new
like like just eyedrops and stuff
specially when I was wearing my contacts
just yeah trying like who's sustained
lubrication yet and add to being trying
out with my glasses a little bit more
often as well so Shannon was worried
that nothing could happen today but I'm
pretty sure they can do something no
matter what they say I really do are you
glad that you can get something done at
least shoot him do we smell yep fair
enough vehicle this is what we call the
orb scan yeah okay so it's going to
measure the thickness of the cornea
which is really important if we're going
to do LASIK and look at the shape of the
eye that's this one here alright so as I
say just comes from nice and relaxed
just gazing off into the distance there
and blink again one more blank open nice
and wide
yep perfect good hold it like that don't
blink keep still keep still and blink
now I'm going to repeat those scans what
we're going to do them two three times
from scans is that the eyes are a little
bit dry and there's just some things
that I'm looking at and I'm really
trying to get perfect scared
three perfect scans so that then gives
us all the data that we want and I'm
looking to make sure the alignment the
looking at dryness I mean it that's a
perfect scan and rid of these little
boxes here all tic green awesome and
there's over a thousand points that it's
measuring at the back of the eye so you
know there really was really accurate
information and these measurements are 5
times more accurate than the
measurements that are needed to make up
a pair glasses
you know they really are very accurate
so I'm going to print this out that's
the one we'll go with for the treatment
one looks crazy the looks inside it does
this is what does this one do sorry this
one looks at the surface of the cornea
alright okay yeah does that feel okay so
again just keep both eyes open and those
sort of circles will all light up I
always think it's a bit like being in
Austin Powers so this uses different
technology to measure the eye it's
scanning across the eye both eyes open
and just looking at a flickering light
there in front of you Shannon can you
see that yep yep lovely okay nice and
still and blink for me blink again and
wide eyes now yep don't blink now hold
it nice and still don't blink keep still
keep still keep still and you can blink
free now I think dr. Mantell even when
we were looking at the last scans was
still kind of hopeful that we do LASIK
for you all right and you know looking
at these scans
I think yeah we'll wait and get his
opinion but they're good scans we can
look at lots of things here okay so this
is the left eye
good corneal thickness on the left eye
so this is in microns okay so it's
really just the two top maps that were
looking at to begin with so good corneal
thickness over here we're looking at the
shape of the eye I can see looking at
that that there is a bit of a stigmatism
but then you know we'll analyze these
two maps in more detail to just rule out
that there's no other
- lying sort of pathology there with the
corner
that would mean you know would make us a
bit more hesitant about doing music okay
are in eight of them okay alright so
Hamish and Shannon
that's 2020 vision that is what we're we
consider normal vision to be all
distance vision today okay oh do you see
the cat reverse MKZ oh yeah without
squinting visit again in an hour all
right okay let's leave that sorry I
forgot you either
so what was the news I get to get lazy
it's good I really know but yeah so
there's basically the best case because
I was preparing myself for nothing and I
was preparing myself for them
what's it leaves it research that's the
resurfacing yeah yeah and now you can
get LASIK so we go in at 6:00 and I'm
gonna take about 30 minutes yeah but
we'll be in there for about an hour I
think well I care for anything got a leg
going barely fill out your paperwork
numb your eyes and then after that you
relax for like 20 minutes after it's all
done but the actual procedure takes
about seven and a half minutes per eye I
think it will thing hey guys so we're
back at the hotel now so I thought I
would just run over a few things so yeah
I'm getting my I'll Isaac treatment done
tonight it's 6 p.m. by dr. Nick mental I
think that's how you pronounce is now so
yeah the actual surgery itself does not
take long it's like 15 minutes it's
about 75 minutes I think they said each
eye so it's not long so I'm really happy
about that I asked you guys on Facebook
just now he had any questions they could
answer except that I might as well try
to get lots of information out there in
this vlog but remember I am NOT a
professional and if you're thinking
about in the surgery done just go for a
consultation because what's the harm in
it you know like you might as well go
talk to a professional but this is what
like I've been told and like what I've
kind of gathered as well so people are
asking does it hurt and obviously I
haven't done it yet so I will update you
again afterwards but this is what I
asked today is why I asked Nick man tell
dr. Nick Manto and he said it doesn't
hurt although some people might think it
hurts but he said it's a really like
What did he say like it feels like
pressure on your eye he said most people
just say it feels weird most people say
it feels uncomfortable a few people say
it hurts I guess it just depends on your
own you know pain levels and stuff like
that but he said it's like a pressure a
really weird feeling and then he said
afterwards he said I should be able to
see almost perfectly tomorrow he said it
might be a little bit fuzzy but more or
less like my vision should be pretty
good by tomorrow which is really
exciting
he also said that I'll have like really
dry eyes for a while after the surgery
and they give you like all sorts of eye
drops and stuff
like what the cost
education and things and then you'll
just have to buy more like lubricating
eyedrops and stuff like that for a few
months afterwards you just have to use
them if you feel like just comforting
everything that's completely normal I
think everyone has dry eyes afterwards
it's just part of it you know what I
mean like part of recovery what else I
don't really know what else to tell you
at this stage my eyes get know I know
something I was really scared like
thinking about LASIK eye surgery I
thought like how you mean to just
sit there not move and stuff cuz I
thought you know like if I like look to
the side or blink or something is it
going to like ruin everything
but they actually like hook your eye
open also and there sounds scary but
they like make it so you can't blink and
then you said don't worry about the
movement like I guess you have to try
and stay still but he said everyone's
eyes move naturally anyway like your eye
will like move around but the lasers
actually like a trick your eyes like
it's super high technology and it like
tracked your eyes so if you move the
laser just like follows your eye so it's
not going to do anything bad so that's
something I was really nervous about so
they may move a little bit better I
still feel so nervous like I can't even
explain like I'm just sitting here like
freaking out but I just keep thinking of
how happy I'm going to be like tomorrow
after it's all done like after the most
discomforting part is over with which i
think is like tonight you know that I'm
just pretty much going to go to sleep
after the surgery because I'm gonna get
done tonight so I'll come home eat
something go to sleep sleep it off you
know I mean there's lots of information
here about what to expect like how it
works I've got to read through all this
and sign this piece of paper there's
like possible problems that you
obviously have to read through you have
to do checkup so I think of to go too
shook up in about a week with my
optometrist and palms to North it tells
you all about everything here so I'll
read through all of that but this will
probably add some most of your questions
if you want to like pause it and then
here's what you guys are asking this is
how much it's costing um so per I this
is a New Zealand Dollars this is like
where I'm going as well this place I've
heard such good reviews about such good
like word-of-mouth everything heard
amazing things about dr. NIC men-tel's
so I'm really happy I'm going here the
actual places home hazing it all the
staff is so lovely like I can't get over
everyone's just so kind and so nice this
is what it's like included as well and
the pricing and everything
just finance options and stuff like that
as well so yeah I'm really really
feeling confident feeling nervous but
just trying to focus on how much better
my life will be you know in a week from
now or even like a day for now they gave
me all these sheets as well this is like
you know what to do like up here if you
wear contact lenses and stuff like that
and then there's some stuff just to be
careful of like avoid touching your eyes
sports and stuff like that so I can't
wear any makeup for five days so that's
all good I've pre-filmed all my videos
thank goodness so I've got all my videos
for like the needs a week or so ready to
go so I don't have to worry about that
I'll just do some editing stuff like
that I think I can go yeah here we go
you'll be able to read watch TV using
app you die within 24 hours of procedure
so it's perfect so I still be able to
edit and everything
pa I got most of my work done so I have
to worry too much there's really
interesting UI should pause this and
read it it's like basically what's going
to be happening so yeah he said that
everything might go like dark you might
be able to really see if like 30 seconds
he said do not worry it's going totally
normal so that kind of explains it there
in this chocolate here is why your eyes
feel dry it says here that they cover
the costs of consultations at the
optometrists for up to one year after
surgery and then for the first
post-operative year enhancement /e
adjustment procedures don't institute
will be at no cost to you so if you need
a little bit more altering or if you
need a little bit extra which is really
good so hopefully I don't need that but
if I do
that's good tonight okay any more or
anything like that okay time to say my
life away
hey mrs. outfit he's got a wee little
boot covers as well because it's going
in there to blog for you guys throwing
scrubs you kind of suit them serving a
doctor
maybe you should have been a doctor pain
relief or today you want to feel pain
during or after procedure but it's just
to help hold you over for a scratchy
feeling did you say your hair jobs done
as well yeah I have mine done in
February all right it's not really a
life changer for me because I had really
bad vision yeah and so I can wake up and
see and it's the best thing about as you
can go for me and in looking straight
down to what stuff is going to go on
there and just close your right eye
actually love contact lens wearers
because they don't flinch as much I
tried to put a contact lens and once a
night man yeah looking down for me we're
going to do the other eye now close
you're right this is the part where I
get to play dress-up very excited I mean
this is the solution is an antibiotic
looking down for me again and your other
eyes while looking down close your eye
there for me this one can ironically
sting a little bit okay yeah so looking
down close you're right it feels weird
yeah it may still did feel really heavy
it also tastes really disgusting it
doesn't hurt it feels like it's like
shrink to make shrink mind years and
looking down for me close your eyes
how's that one it's been great okay
we'll do the neck spine now looking down
for me again close your right it's a
little bit stinging yeah the Atmos no no
cool hey you got so Shannon's just about
to go and you never see your eye yeah
all right I'm there
to symbolize
they didn't call
now
Lucretia
yes
somebody who's a member
it's obviously the hospital
you
we counted days bring the light of your
eyes and who's that singing this our
flesh and blood
around
food
orange session
thanks okay jealous
cavion
that's the life a photo finish
Walmart
all right little overwhelmed right yep
long time
all right yeah well
thank you
here we go looking up at me there
fa close your eyes you're doing really
great okay
oh my god trendy
there's like a right of passage those
were like that
so Shannon's just finished up now she's
pretty much can I go to bidden
restaurant well how did you find it
terrifying
that was quite square there like Rudy
it's worth it I can already see better
I could an hour ago so that's insane
straight away and it's not even perfect
yet yeah I was in there the scrub site
taking photos and everything and all the
nurses were saying that my mouth was
just like the whole time I was freaking
out but yeah it was quite a man I
thought they're just like kind of dish
and laser little lasers I don't know on
her eyes but it was but more than theirs
you guys are probably saying and they're
gonna say good night now
