countdown begins until Thursday where I
get my LASIK eye surgery hopefully I'm
not trying not to get my hopes up
because just in case you're in case it
doesn't work out my eyes have changed or
something so glasses today I think your
need to wear glasses for like two days
prior but I'm just wearing them from
today just be extra safe and make sure
my eyes out to dry or anything not gonna
wear any make outs in the next few days
I'm just going to do editing and you
know stuff like that it's just getting
pretty for while my eyes are a little
bit sore and I can't do much work next
week so I've pre-filmed like two weeks
worth of videos so hopefully that's
enough and yeah
today I'm in shower jet finishes in the
shades like come home oh shoot it's just
so cold I know I'm in a t-shirt but
we've got the heat pump on in the lounge
so it's not too freezing but I'm like I
don't want to have a shower no when you
get out of the shower and it's like
freezing that's just the list so I'm
like putting it off for a little bit I'm
just gonna get my video and then I'll
have a shower I mean not edit my video
put out my video and they'd have a
shower I got some mail and I also want
to get some breakfast I'm quite quite
hungry I don't know why it didn't vlog
yesterday by the way we just hit a chill
day I didn't have a hangover boat which
was very nice because then on Saturday
night Hamish is shrinking over had a
couple drinks but you know it's a cute
roulade which was good today we just
chilled um got some food and played some
PlayStation and just relaxed
to be honest I've got three packages
today so show you what's inside in this
first package with some stuff from
iconic London I suppose I'll let them
make up brushes those real big like
fluffy ones well it feels quite nice
that's quite cool they also sent me this
contouring kicks and a strobing stick so
these are all the sizes they see me a
couple of really big ones and they're
like a medium big one and then a couple
of smaller sizes too there's something
here from BH Cosmetics it was the
missing link elation and I think I've
got some miss Yulan collection lipsticks
things look really cute I love the
packaging of him what's the this hub
packaging look she's another YouTube and
she's really really really lovely I love
her well it's not wanting to focus its
other packaging lives kilo chains
you seen this which I think I already
have I think that's in that in a
separate video like you know when I did
my massive unboxing video I think that
was the same one I have to double check
and I'm miss Elin I should her
highlighter palette so this is how the
eyeshadows look in the highlight is the
highlight is a definitely better for
people that have a darker skin tone in
me but I would still definitely wear
them it's like an eyeshadow color or
something let me know if you guys want
to see a tutorial with that maybe I
could use a lipstick from her collection
as well always gotta support the other
youtubers you know and they look like
really nice colors too they were like
kind of like nudes and like plummy nudes
and things like that here are the colors
I have seen so this one too the file
lift is cold miss Yulan I think this one
is called slay this one here is called
serenity and then it this last one is
called num more I think I don't know how
to pronounce that last things here some
Caleo small lip glosses by gerard
cosmetics
oh they see me a whole bunch my candy
kiss that was nicer than my actual candy
kiss is kind of getting low not really
low but I mean compared to the other
shades that I had like the other ones
look like they fall I use it so yeah I
love my little candy kiss so pretty if
you forgot to eat breakfast so hamish
made me like a brunch lunch it's like a
living thing so it's so much lunch time
scrambled eggs and avocado and chili on
toast yeah I sorry I've been flogged
I've been working all day
just editing videos I got like three
done I'm still so many more down before
my LASIK but we're going out to Tanana
now with Hamish is frame before he gets
back to Canada PS makes her do stuff too
he going some Indian tonight for dinner
our faith
it's called and why do I look so weird
in this lighting the rains like a
locomotive we just got out of
then what is it neighbors - bad
neighbors - Hamish didn't like it why
don't you like it
wait home now I feel so sick I feel
sorry for too much food good morning
everyone so today is what day is it
Tuesday I think I'm getting my nails
done later and then the rest of the day
today it's just editing again so
probably another boring block I've got
to get it lots of videos while I'm
recovering for my LASIK so you know this
was happening I don't have any mail what
should I do but it's secret mail so I
can't show you I think I'm just gonna
have some cereal for breakfast or
something cuz my nail appointment today
is at lunchtime so probably point eight
- after that so I'm gonna have a cereal
now and they don't just hit late lunch
today I'm hitting it this one again so
delicious so good so so so good I just
got two packages I'll open them up and
we can see what's inside let's talk
money from smash bought station if
you're made about meds I've got the
pallet fear with shadows you can use on
your brows and lids or as eyeline is the
photo mitt ice pellets perfect for those
last-minute summer getaways little
pretty so we've got a little primer and
I'm here I show pellet which I cannot
get out rice I've had to open this a
little bit because magnetic closure is
so strong and that's what the colors are
like they're really pretty colors just a
whole bunch of neutrals so there's like
some warmer tones and then a few caller
ones as well they might look at this
super mega music oh thank you so much
Smashbox and the next box is from Vika
so thank you bigger
yes it is okay this is the champagne
collection by Jaclyn hill I wanted this
so bad here you go that's when it's
launching Shannon was stirred up the
ultimate collection with collaborated
with Jaclyn hill to bring you the
champagne collection which allows you to
create endless cocktails of light and
color for your perfect custom glow I
can't even roots there be sure to share
your favorite looks using champagne glow
thank you so much Jaclyn hill and the
vicar team so here's some pricing for
your cute packaging look at that I have
to have a picture on Instagram so this
is the palette oh my gosh the packaging
is so stunning look at that it's like
gold and then white with silver and gold
and then that's what the blushes and
highlighters look like on the inside so
pretty so there is particular pop and
champagne pop in here and then Rose
spritz amaretto and Pam pumps and then
these that bee-utiful eyeshadows look
how stunning their I really like that
shade there I have to do a video using
like everything I like to like a little
champagne pop I mean champagne pop
champagne it glow look and there's the
champagne pop that lit priming
illuminating liquid thingy and then I
think that's the melted so it's like a
cream highlighter and then I'm guessing
this is just champagne glow I mean
champagne pop not sure Tingler yep
champagne pop that is so cool thank you
so much new nails look how pretty they
are
they're like navy blue with marbling
Bangkok Thai delivery didn't and beard
we got some pet Thai and some Tomcat
soup YUM hey guys so it's night time now
we just watched some given and Stacy I'm
and if you're watching this because I
watching yeah I think we're in like the
second season it's really funny I like
it it's getting better and better at
this stage you watched Made in Chelsea
and now we're going to sleep tomorrow we
fly to Oakland in the day after that I
get my LASIK done hopefully as long as
my eyes are stable I'm getting really
really nervous like really nervous so
yeah I will of course vlog everything I
vlog the whole process
I will vlog all of my feelings and
reactions and everything I'm gonna do it
like row and dip so you guys know what
it's like and everything if you are
looking into getting yourself yeah I'll
talk to you guys tomorrow bye
