morning everyone so today is a Tuesday I
believe and you say don't blog just cuz
I was catching up on like work and I
wasn't really doing anything exciting
literally was just you know working so
today I'm going to put on some makeup
and take some photos they need to do and
I'm also going to do lots of other
little drops just to catch up
I've got so many little bits and pieces
you like I'm pick and you know I also
want to plan out what videos I'm going
to do I think I'm going to do like two
different holes I'm going to do one Las
Vegas haul and I'm going to do a like
pure box slash business unboxing pure
package unboxing video because look but
heaps of stuff here and over here as
well one thing I will show you is
PlayStation Cintas Uncharted 4 pay
measures already finished it so yeah I
think I'll just do a couple of holes but
I'm going to make a smoothie for
breakfast and then have a shower and dig
in my day so
sock I'm like obsessed with that maca
powder tastes so good I'm using my a 5
100 just to vlog because I just started
using it in ello because I was carrying
at this camera for my photos I use it
for my photos and then I had the other
camera for vlogging and I was like oh
this is like too much stuff to carry
around with me so I just I blog on this
I still haven't switch back I wanna see
what the quality's like maybe I'll just
keep using this camera because then it's
just easier can I sell my other one or
something but look at my new lashes
these are called the chic and there is
mixed feedback so far which I expected
if you like supernatural lashes if you
have small eyes or hooded eyes these
probably won't be for you because they
are very long but I've had a lot of good
feedback as well people like how am I
going to love them because they are a
lot longer than most of my other peers
in it so bTW so I'm excited to launch
these ones they are probably already out
by the time you watch this vlog but
they're basically like cluster lashes so
it almost looks like you have eyelash
extensions or something they're very
natural but not natural at the same time
you're not I mean by they're natural
because they're not to like intensely
weird shaped or anything they look like
natural lashes but there's so much
longer in thicker I don't think that
made sense at all so here's how they
look they're absolutely beautiful and
ever really nice curl to them they are
nice and long and as always they're not
made from any animal hairs I left them
high look at the sundog what's your
brother doing Oh
what's your brother doing hey yes I'm in
my pajamas 10 minutes um lunch
got some walnut in beetroot I mean
hamish this for lunch so it's spinach
and like lettuce whatever it's called
fit a beetroot pumpkin roasted walnuts
and some pumpkin seeds and balsamic
vinegar night time now I've been working
all day I'm doing bits and pieces
and I did those here extinction oh wait
no no I never tell you brothers so you
know that slight hair dye got I'm
putting them in here extinctions I'm
going to deal with it tutorial so films
I filmed the way I was doing it so I'll
show you a little sneak peek and we're
making burgers for dinner tonight so I'm
just going to chop up some veggies we've
got these like Coomera burger buns so I
hope they're good I mean not bigger than
this but burger patties sorry I'm still
out of them so tired I'm still not
caught up from like the jet lag then
waking up every morning at like 6 a.m. 5
a.m. going to sleep every night 7 p.m. 8
p.m. so hopefully and snap out of it
soon yeah this is how they're looking so
far I'm just laying them air dry I'm
going to do like a under lights rainbow
like look see peek the videos probably
out by the time you watch this video
anyway I'm going to do like a hair and
makeup tutorial I think I'll do like a
festival makeup look smells so good
there here's I it smells like bubble gum
and lollies it's so good so so so good
see the packaging so this is what we got
Coomera burger black eyed beam at
Coomera burgers got back we quinoa
I guess beans and Coomera yep onion
coconut honey sea salt
doesn't smell that good though hopefully
it tastes better than it smells gotta
love some trijet TV while you eat dinner
toilet rolls definitely the best one
this is dinner I've got lettuce tomato
onion BBQ ever Cod oh and the petit
you're okay so we just watched some TV
and some Bates Motel and stuff tonight
um tomorrow I'm gonna film and yeah
hopefully I'll film my first of all I
like the module hall got tours I wanna
do as I said today I don't know yet I'm
so tired
it's like 8:30 what is it yeah it's 8:30
which is the longest I've stayed awake
at night and well since I've been back
which is good but I'm tired I'll talk to
you guys tomorrow bye everyone so it's
Wednesday I'm just about to go put up my
video for the day and organize some of
my mail you know how it says no to an
unboxing haul I am I'm just going to go
through and take out anything that's not
like super interesting I'll just keep it
like
with all the interesting parcels if that
makes sense because there's a lot and if
I do all of them the video I'll be like
an hour long so I'm just might take out
half of them show you them in my vlog
and then the rest will be in my unboxing
video looks like I have some breakfast I
don't go the gym this morning obviously
because you get up and wash my hair and
everything it takes so long I've got to
start filming before the lighting gets
rubbish so I don't even know what time
it is right now it's too early it's 8
o'clock so yeah that's what's happening
today the weather is miserable it's so
dull outside hopefully the lighting is
okay check this out as always it doesn't
look as bad as it does in real life if
the camera seems to make it look bit I
don't know why I guess it just like
brightens up the sky a bit but it is
very very grey out there
breakfast is served we have no episode I
was like they would land at the
supermarkets which by this paste
aftertaste sorry
it's mostly pure try to finish filming
for the day
it's my makeup so yeah I did festival
inspired so I just like really colorful
eyes
I like your tombstones I think it's
really pretty
lots of highlighter and in my hair and
then my hair is like super super bright
I mean the chic lashes again oh my gosh
you guys are going crazy over there but
I don't know how I'm gonna be able to
keep these in stock we just ordered like
it's standard amount and if they were
gonna be popular or not
and I wish I ordered more but hopefully
they don't sell up and I think the hair
extensions turned out so so well I'm
really happy with how it looks
any a quick lunch with Hamish he's
studying hard at the moment so he came
here just have a quick break
losing my losing your it's
good it's pretty full-on so I'm just
going to get something to eat and then
studying it to the night with slash I'll
be editing and working Pia where it
wabi-sabi I love this place
without some Tommy I'm serving this is
the best thing ever so delicious here
this little bag you cleaning your foot
is your foot dirty are you itching it's
like can you just leave me alone please
I'm gonna go make some day I've been
working all afternoon since I got home
I've even open my mail or anything today
I was just editing a video and I needed
it an another one to know it so yeah
that's what I'm doing
it'd look good it's currently a 5 at 56
p.m. so yeah I'm gonna go print and I'm
just gonna make a salad for dinner like
a roast Fiji and lettuce and stuff salad
making like a yogurt dressing and also
misma this is so good
ever Carter roast garlic yeah
the way man ham has tried this it's the
doughnut probiotic yogurt you know how
about vouchers except I forgot to say
about me so I just paid for it because I
really want to try it anyway this is
such a good like dessert thing and show
y'all it literally tastes like Donuts
like this goopy stuff in here tastes
like like apple doughnut it's like apple
cinnamon or something and that's like a
berry flavor and then the yogurts really
good tasting it doesn't taste like you
know sometimes probiotic yogurt is
really full-on and disgusting this is
really mild and it tastes soaked
feel it going to finish this off for
like three days we've already called
really half of it would
