good came and she's making clearly
YUM I'm going to go drink this while I
feel I'm going to do Kim K inspired
makeup look today sorry I'm not doing
over here it's like really sunny and I'm
also going to do a unboxing haul so what
I've been talking about for the last
couple of days and I'll show you what
other one I got later as well because
there's some stuff I want to include in
the whole because it's just like little
bits and pieces so I'm doing all the
like really cool fun exciting packages
like Urban Decay Kylie look kits I've
got some like BH Cosmetics to face stuff
so yeah all the exciting stuff is going
to be like not like the other so it's
not excited me you know to me all the
really substantial things so let's get
started before it gets too late to film
finished filming here's my makeup it's
kind of like switch it off because I did
a haul as well the unboxing warm it was
clothing so I tried it on like as I do
my trial and clothing haul videos and I
was like super hot well actually it's
not actually cold but I'm just hot from
Tryon posters they don't ask it really
sweetie when they trim what's too close
in or oh I hate going shopping and
clucked trying on clothes like I'll just
wing it and buy stuff because I hate
trying stuff I better do it for you guys
anyway so now I'm just making some lunch
we had some leftovers from last night
the rest would you salad I'm just going
to make like a broccoli salad as well
I'm doing and then I'm going to edit my
videos tomorrow and next week and you
start editing video school I have LASIK
hopefully I'm getting LASIK anyway
made broccoli salad with onion mandarin
crap wait cranberries
yeah cranberries and raisins and then my
recipe Qi leftovers and how much is
having the same hey guys I'm just think
it is him all afternoon and I'm just
going to open up that mail on the beach
my nanny and granted an idea coming over
for dinner tonight
so I'm just tidying up a little bit and
yeah there's like loads of mail and
stuff so I thought I'd open it now and
then I can recycle it and get it out of
the way I'm just making some solids at
the moment we're doing at buns and
salads and stuff like that for dinner so
yeah i'll show you what i make soon so
the first thing I got to scent was some
matcha to you team at the APRC they saw
that I was using matches here most
smoothies so yeah I'm going to try this
one here to match a mature doe root from
farmer in Japan cool and then I got seed
these I don't know where these came from
to be honest but they arrived so thank
you to whoever synth into me and then I
was sent this range of the new artiste
airbrush collection at brushes they said
they know that I have my own but they
wanted me to try these they're launching
and farmers this month
super soft tapered of bristles for an
amazing flawless finish so this is what
they look like it's a little like bag
and then there is a brush cleaner which
is awesome and then this is the flawless
shadow brush kind of looks like a
blender brush and then a big tapered one
reminds me a lot of the Real Techniques
won't let the same shape and then
there's like a little dorm to crease
brush and a blurring at foundation brush
it's like a round top face brush it
sticked a little bit smaller and then
whoa this brush looks so cool it's like
massive powder brush really nice and big
and domed
so they look really nice some of the
prices so 4495 for those chairs 49.95
and then the eye brushes are 3495 so
something from Dermalogica this is the
multivitamin therma foliage
but the
this is it here forget the thermals this
is the best way to warm up this winter
oh my gosh does it like warm your skin
or something the self heating exfoliant
activates my upon contact with water
offering greater penetration oh my gosh
that sounds so cool I'm so going to try
that there's like this press release has
a wait man makes sense for the
Schwarzkopf magnificent strength warming
serum and shampoo and conditioner you
know read can sent me this mbz like
trucker care hi Shannon is a friend of
Rick and we would like to offer you the
set tailored to your specific hair type
we have include a complimentary gift
from Rick kenaz pose mbz collaboration
from the team at we can thank you so
much let's have a look
tender loving repair it's like yeah
shampoo conditioner and a hair spray
mini I've actually tried this extreme
shampoo condition I do like it I just
can't use it to opt-ins and makes my
hair like kind of brittle if I use it
too often but I love there are it's like
a leave-in conditioner treatment thing
by the same range but I did like it back
when I used it obviously I've used it up
they slightly just alternate it with a
different moisturizing conditioner
worked really well look I did my makeup
Thank You Emily I gone now we had such a
good night seeing them and catching up
now almost 10 o'clock so we're going
straight to beard if you guys enjoyed
today's vlog girls will do tomorrow be
good morning guys
so today it's Friday got Kelly and moves
engagement party tonight
and today I need to film because
basically all of next week
I can't we're context because I'm going
LASIK on Wednesdays so I'm not going to
wear my contacts weight Thursday I think
meaning lose it anyway I'm not wearing
contacts
Monday Tuesday Wednesday and they really
need to have them out for two days but
I'm just going to leave them out for
three days just to be extra safe don't
want to risk anything so that's all I
thought I'd better film today because I
want to get my Vegas haul up but I
thought I would do a bit of a what's it
called like a first impression and then
do a makeup tutorial and in do the Vegas
haul and then this afternoon is going to
chill do a little bit of editing like
maybe able
or something and then the rest of my
editing I'll do next week because I'll
have a few days where I'm not filming so
I'll just it up on all those days
instead I really want to go for a walk
later as well so yeah it's just gone 1
p.m. and I've just finished filming I
did the first impression and makeup
tutorial and my Vegas haul that it came
out really really good so I'm going to
go do some editing now many is it a vlog
Simon got one up in the last couple of
days and also have some lunch I'm just
gonna have leftovers from last night cuz
I made so much salad guys so we're off
to Kelly and moves engagement party I'm
not going to take my camera with me I am
just going to go and enjoy my night
unless it's a very personal like family
and friends event so you know I don't
really want to go in there like looking
everything so yeah just talk to you guys
tomorrow probably guys enjoyed today's
vlog even though it was like this long
I'll match it with other days to make it
with cuz I'm a oh here to that I need to
open algae bit tomorrow bye good morning
everyone
it's almost 11 o'clock I've been up for
a while now just being a chilling out
Saturday morning Hamish is still doing
assignments and stuff so I thought I
would do a little get ready with me
today because they just feel like doing
pretty makeup so I thought I'd film it
and I've got some packages here so I'll
show you those first about three things
so first I will this naked skin pre
shower term which sounds amazing I wish
I got this like wish I opened this
before my sharks I could have tried it
but basically it's some kind of tan you
put it on before you shower and then you
shower it off two minutes later and then
it continues to like develop I guess
over a period of time I hope something
from mickr I shouldn't we hope you enjoy
these new launches from Adhan cm which
is exclusively available from Mika calm
day you can't see what you do with there
and but is it big what's the big rush
and hansung at mascara boosted with hip
protein cool and lastly from Paula's
Choice near endless lash mascara which
is this one I guess and then we have a
fear / light resist flawless finish
powder oops how it looks
thank you - Paula's choice as well any
heat off at lunch I'm so hungry
you carry pubs sushi look at the little
wasabi like a little leaf
hurler this is my makeup by the way I
filmed a little get ready with me so I
like of water hey doll I don't know
probably just seeing greedy
we just rinsed the plaza to go the camer
and to pick up this ring that Hamish got
me a couple weeks ago hold on let me
just twist a little look how beautiful
this is okay
it doesn't really want to focus but I'm
obsessed with it it's so pretty so yeah
we picked that up because we got it
resized because my fingers are like tiny
this is a size L okay Noel and we went
to crema and Chris given and Michaela
picked up their puppy today and we found
like a really good blanket and some toys
for it and we got another blanket
because I found a blanket that I really
really really loved in him she's like no
we don't need it and I ran away with it
and I bought it sir stylin and now I'm
going to go to an Asian food grocer if
it's open
and we're has to been here or animates
because the dogs little water fountain
broke finally we've had it for a couple
years so we're not too gutted about it
but we want to get another one because
they're all like devastated because now
they have to drink out of a normal bowl
which apparently isn't good enough for
them we've got the goodies and the gifts
for the puppet no she's like yep I'm a
bit just like now look at your big paws
you think it is we cried up a little bit
mm-hmm
look at this sticky face yeah I like
underneath this chin like a lily wet
little bear giant please little mushy
nose
oh he's server-side yeah we just
measured her next to this look just as
how big he is he's gonna get much bigger
way from
