hey guys so I'm liking midway through
doing my makeup if you couldn't tell I
just checked on this like place
everything but just realize that didn't
really fill you in on what happened last
night
everything was just I don't know I just
was so fast-paced and everything happen
at once and I made heaps of cool people
I met
Jeffrey's time many I met Patrick's time
it Jen I met hot I met so many different
people I forgot to take photos with
everyone I took photos with some people
we met kandi took put it with handy I've
met kandi a couple times now and she's
literally like the nicest person I've
ever met in my life like no exaggeration
she's really really nice yeah we made
tons and tons of people if I go to take
photos a little paper she'll like but
that's okay you know your people are
very nice and everything and the party
was so much fun last night my feet were
killing me afterwards we went out to a
rooftop bar and she was like I'm sorry
if they totally catfished me I like this
buyer's not what they made it out to be
on the light website or whatever and I
was like no it's amazing they were
playing like Chris Brown my little John
did some betel equip look anything we
came back to our hotel got some food
because we didn't need it the event
really and then are we we didn't put
some money in their little machine for
myself like two bucks and I actually
lost money but like I won money and then
I just keep spending extended promo
$5.00 anyway I was like I just want to
jump for the experience I'm not a huge
gambler anyway so it's just kind of like
a bit of fun and this morning we've got
the big reveal launch more than you
benefit product which is very exciting
I've heard it's gonna be big I heard
it's gonna be like super massive and
exciting so I would definitely be
blogging and taking lots and lots of
photos for you guys and I will do some
like tutorials of the new brands and
stuff later on like once I make a New
Zealand so hopefully you guys enjoy that
I don't even know what they are yet but
I'm like you know do it tutorial um yeah
look no one knows I think they've had
like a press release thingy like I'm you
know I feel like magazines and stuff but
it's embargoed Stowe and we're actually
the first people that are allowed to
talk about it on social media today so
pretty exciting like it's cool that
people take YouTube so seriously like
companies take youtubers so seriously
it's so cool that's what we're doing
we're also picking last night we were
like really tipsy were like oh go we've
got a pet cause like we're good
kind of a hotel room and everything this
morning so that was interesting yeah I
feel like this is the longest I've
talked to you guys like vlogging but
I've just been enjoying everything and
like taking everything in and enjoying
the atmosphere and just you know
relaxing and stuff but I still tried to
vlog bits and pieces along the way so I
hope you guys have enjoyed the vlog so
far but yet it's not a big yet we're at
the event we're about to go in there it
is really spectacular so as long as I
won
check this out hello mirroring I just
like those that are
there are some late nights for some of
you let's be honest let's be honest
Oh a very special guests that we have
with us today in San Francisco Miss
Julie Bell who is our why did we want
you all the way to Vegas especially we
have people from Asia you know New
Zealand
you know biggest baby is the most
magical and transformative city in the
world use products a whole entire
collection and they do instantly solve
your brow dilemmas
this is the best new product brow for is
that he's a traveler yes yeah Bravo it's
like a primer its conditioning Kurtz and
in soy proteins make your brows look
instantly pull up sick healthy I'm ready
medical screen love the packaging the
silver packaging
I'll show you bitter in a video right
now ultra my browsing Connelly six down
there's as well
I make them look fuller like
situates each hair obviously tattooed
eyebrows but you can see the his gonna
is the next things put a girth brow
pencil so it's made to fill in your brow
Genesis it it doesn't swatch on your
hand as well but once you put it in your
brow hit like this packaging it's so
cool
they can open em fix this little page so
far perfect
rather than this one right now this is a
nice product it's called precisely my
eyebrow pencil look at the packaging the
coolest thing ever
and this blends more for like individual
hair strokes so it's a really fine
pencil so really really fine and fine
tip and then it comes with a scale a
like the last one so this is the
precisely my brow side and then this is
the booth for our brows I feel like it's
a group fruit it's really good for
beginners it's so easy and in the other
ones a lot binary more like professional
actually prepare them we'll find water
a little bit easier to get like really
small stores but the other side has a
really tight age as well but it's still
a little easier if you're not so good at
filling in your eyebrows your event
gimme brow it's water-resistant now and
there's a new medium shade as well so if
you were in between shades and then you
packaging who I'm playing son√≠s let's
try
I already love this stuff it's even good
enough it has the new browsing so there
is now six shades so what's that three
new shades which is really good because
before there was only like you know
light medium dark but the lightest one
wasn't very light either so this shade
here is shade too so it should match me
pretty well then the next thing I tried
this on but I did up my snapchat I'm
sorry forgot to book it the next product
is this it's called kept brow is it yeah
yeah brow the brush is up here and then
it's like a pomade gel cream formulas
it's the shape 3 so I want to try now
so this unclip and it like goes away
it goes a mess
in Italy so I use the brush with it I
really like it it's really buildable so
easy to use like some homemade you these
are really small amount so things like
anymore
drummer he likes an old woman's grow up
and make the eyebrows look cute
straightaway Lee this is the 3d proud
tones it's basically like a highlight or
low-light this to shave and it's for a
special brush that just brushes the
product into the brow hairs it doesn't
touch your skin at all and it's just
adding a little bit of like filament
your eye shadow I mean I should have
eyebrow his because sometimes to be
pulling your eyebrows they just look
flat and one-dimensional so this is like
to kind of help bring them back to life
you know what I mean it gives them a
little bit of dimension and makes them
more 3d make them more realistic looking
now we designed this brush it's custom
molded like Julie said everything was
custom built and this one when you open
it up you're going to die you'll love it
down one side it has really these longer
bristles so this is released a prowess
and invisible top coat for your eyebrows
to sit everything in place and lasts
forever
and it's designed so that it doesn't
ruin your product they've already put on
so it doesn't blend anything out it
doesn't move anything it just goes right
on top and it fits at all it's what I
filmed on the screen just before so
gonna put this on now I've taken off and
breathed on my brows many times today
got an upgraded highbrow so it comes in
two shades and it is even more
believable and more creamy and
everything than before which is awesome
so I really liked it but sometimes I hit
triple so I'm excited to try it out so
there's the glowing in the matte one I'm
gonna use flow so the net ones on top
and then it glows on the bottom these
already like just watching them they get
so much softer like just sit draw on my
brow bone in a corner it's so much
easier to believe you don't even have to
try anymore
seeing better hair but still oh thank
you guys
now I mean yes I'm so excited to air it
all over right
cool
thank you so we've just a left and we
got the cutest little suitcase only look
at it
oh I'm almost falling over these shoes
are so painful they're like super high
look at this but this is like the cutest
thing I've ever earned look at that
third time at Sephora this is not okay
this mole looks like it's outside but
it's not this is an outsider no it's not
this dock
so out of it it's like a bacon storm
it's like did you think outside oh my
God look at this
oh you must be a drink yeah god oh my
god about it my youtube goals and dreams
oh my god
everyone goes all about this start it
smells so good I was like what does that
smell when we're walking past
come on we'll get you heavy time to go
with a million suitcases here we go
flight 103 this one is going from Vegas
to San Fran it's a national flight thank
goodness
and sister who it and such a rush
through customs it was started the a
might just got here and we're like oh my
god women eat in since break this pretty
much and it is now like six o'clock or
something so that's cool
I forgot to vlog when I got home but
he's been climbing all over me and then
I standing there he's rolling around are
you doing
maybe good you got a banana it's not a
real what's that it's so cold
no get it it might have the book he
didn't really kill you just reading
outside I'll say go but he did kiss me
after
