so it's morning and it is Thursday right
this I'm so disorientated because we're
a day behind here and I can't figured
out my videos keep going alive because
of scheduled them and I'm like on my own
because I'm I'm not expecting it yeah
okay here's the breakfast menu and then
open it up in a microwave second eyes
like I'm on the room page just like
cocktails I was like
rise and shine cocktails only in Vegas
overall i laughing about it oh my god
there's like a Bellini we could you
believe oh my god except now we've got a
big event
yes Oh too much I guess yeah we've got
it we've got a big event tonight and we
want to look good so if we tipsy make up
some cake alone well even though it
would definitely be sort of about it
like it's ages away bit so I'm really
nervous tonight like middle these
youtubers like oh my god some people
I've been what light obviously talk to
online and be wanting to make that ages
I've been my damming name yeah me and
Sully like yeah I mean it's only like
yeah we both like nervous but so good
that we're like doing this together
because you know it's so much better
doing stuff to get there rather than you
know alone or whatever just use every
one of total bitches I've got each other
members getting thing with know me and
like a million salad ooh the chips I'll
make it they look so good hey guys I'm
already now oh my gosh there was such a
process that took like three hours so
it's like 10 minutes to seven so we're
meeting downstairs in like 10 minutes or
so I just like show you my makeup
quickly I'm wearing the gold Digga
lectures my eye makeup is the shinnok so
color next black eyeliner chichi brow
pomade I'm I'm wearing the drew the
hoola by benefit Mike Jacobs remarkable
foundation this lipstick is by or Africa
remember the shade I should check on my
handbag the highlight is by Laura
Mercier mixed with the shimmery color
from my pellet name NYX contour kit and
I just code random bits with my hair and
this necklace here is from kiss and then
this ring is from Pandora from Hamish my
shoes a wins the Smith and then the
stress here is misguided so yeah that's
the complete look makes me look kind of
tall I feel like the stress and the
shoes together cuz I'm not this tall
look at this
my god it's an American police
I like this you like that check out this
Incredibles or whatever there you know
the elastic mom
thank you
it's quite good
amazing that a cute caricature done
singing thank you hold it up the name
how cool historical wits are heavy with
this but I got a photo copy it so we can
like frame it like it is the cutest
thing I've ever seen in my life
this venue is just incredible so is this
view okay go into about and it's gonna
be
oh man we're gonna lift Chippendales oh
yeah yeah a bit that nice you guys have
been everywhere Motel names and there's
Caesars yeah oh wow it's still going up
it's time you get to me put in like five
dollars here we go here we go
you want 30 credits
hi Broner
