hey guys so it is Monday afternoon and I
am about to go the airport to commit
Vegas
he says packing so general vlog there
was no point so night was really fun
with hung out with friends and stuff as
I save a couple of our friends were
actually once from Auckland once from
Wellington so they were here so we're
hung out with them I'm gonna be vlogging
while I go to Vegas so I hope you guys
enjoy these vlogs are really packed so
stressful I feel I have forgotten
something you know what I mean like I
think I've got everything I've actually
feel like I've over pets and i've gotten
way too much stuff i've got so many
different outfits patch because i just
don't know what to wear I don't know
what to take look how stupid this I've
got I've got the medium-sized suitcase
and then like this huge one and then a
little carry-on one two then my handbag
as well
they aren't Jam pitch though I think
because I weighed them but I could be
wrong because I don't know if I weighed
it while or whatever but I think they
both weigh about 15 kilos so I've still
got like eight kilos in each so room for
shopping and then just lots of summer
clothes I only picked one pair of jeans
a couple of little light jackets because
the weather is meant to be like over 30
degrees every single day so I don't
think I really need mini warm clothes
it's just like summery stuff plus a
couple of jackets and yeah this is what
I'm wearing on the plane just like
leggings little shoes I've got another
Jersey in here like a really thick
because I get really cold on the plane
to end slippers hi
how ridiculous we are it's too much
oh god I'm about to run into things yeah
those ones are like very slightly
looking if you feel like gee first year
now keep walking me and Shelly went all
out with we're like really happy with
life right now we had a cupcake before
they straight off the friggin Buffett
we're like yes we couldn't work the soap
dispenser yeah it was too fancy or like
what we do
daddy was life
very good
it was a fantasy circumstance this is
such bad turbulence right now I've told
you ever watch didn't look at this tidy
suit
I don't even be able to hear us cuz you
know like the place like when you go
through the but it just like it's like a
real bumpy let you cannot tell that you
think
that's my cook there actually I'll go
along here perfectly that doesn't tipple
okay take your seats now
thank you bye Sally
exactly like the states shouldn't be
with us
look how many different kinds of water
they have why we're getting a bagel
brother
thank you we're fresh off the plane we
can start gambling right now Las Vegas
look at this it is a vending machine oh
my God look so cool and then to your
left so Morgan I mean not video machines
these are not vending machines look at
theirs it's so Vegas
British cars very big star sunny it's
sort of what I caught you
I love you Kelvin much I just like a
billboard ruin girls direct to you yeah
Louie Vuitton Prada what's that Tom Ford
building Finn do like slanted
my gosh
this is ridiculous there's like floating
bleeding
my god this is so Vegas
what's our remember we're trying to find
our room 30 is the next one Oh baby oh
my god this makeup everywhere oh oh my
gosh it's so cool oh my god
you like me to go this oh my god
look just a casual like missive like
Bearpaw is like for me my god
oh look is a blind that's good TV we are
dating
I know maybe we can start dating silly
oh my gosh this is amazing look we've
got a view look at this oh my gosh this
is so cool look we've got a sofa look at
the Coco ships oh my god been a bit oh
my goodness this is amazing
honestly the view those buildings trip
me out how they kind of being yeah this
one towards us like there's that Eiffel
tap not a hotel is that Perman school
it's like the Louisville something I
cracked it all you had to do is slide it
open I don't know how we can figure that
Apple it's like the polar opposite of
New Zealand like how cool is this
it's me and Celia just getting ready to
go off to some dinner now a shower and
freshened up and got dressed and
everything Sally look so tall homes I
feel so tall next to me yeah we're gonna
go find some food and I'm vlogging on my
picture camera because hopefully this
will because I don't wanna carry around
so many different cameras because I want
this for like photos like touristy
photos and stuff so we'll see how this
goes
crap do you want some crepes strip house
jello all I have proposed that is where
Beyonce filmed on a music video
oh really I hoped our wrists right Paris
there's a transformer
think of how many people is like family
photo albums we're going to be in right
now
ah
there is another song
the
thank you
ice water bottled water
yeah
Oh
this is so sweet chili and then still
play that you too mommy what did you get
I just sports a kind of one don't accept
it looks quite flat we got these like
blood orange like Watkins user I don't
know what user is Freitas
yeah it's Gregor's vodka our blood
orange and yuzu someone tell me what
user was down below tonight has been an
adventure so first of all were walking
down stairs and we were like going to go
find dinner and there was this man and
he was like yeah what his name was -
money that I'm too many come to my
penthouse
well like no okay he's like oh you're so
beautiful come and hang out with me
what's your number were like no we're
just walking and like laughing with him
like it was a good sport and just get
going he's like uh What did he say
place - the Cowboys were like okay
amazing night and we like went and ate
all this good food and then we went to
Walgreens for Cheetos because I've never
tried that before and then we were just
in the lift and there was this lady with
a cat and I'm more like fucus this lady
do is she just like really crazy were
really rich and then she was talking
she's like what did she say Oh Kate's
name was Audrey hit bitch like this is
Audrey Hepburn and she was like I saved
her winches four weeks old in Croatia
and she travels the world with me like
that cares travel more than I have
probably and then it's just like it goes
on the plane and this Kant was just like
sort buddy with my head it was the sort
by age is like nice to meet you or like
thank you for showing us your cat it's
also Pegasus awesome
but I won't play funny likewise like all
today with our check deck those soccer
types point of trying Funyuns we like
both vlogging which is ourselves eating
huh
oh my god I can't TT angle this is a
Papa Jack's gonna be endless fun video
no fun so I bought flamin hot cheeto
puffs flamin hot cheeto crunchy and
cheater puffs so we're going to try
these first because they're very
standard apparently the puffs are better
than the crunchy ones so yeah but I've
heard people say flamin hot it's the
best probably like no but I think it's
like spicy spicy and it's just like fake
spicy
yeah but they probably pussies what else
do we get we got drinks oh my god this
is what telly got look at this just I
want to squid get it and then I got this
only 250 calories only wow so healthy
naturally and artificially flavored pica
hits your squid everything so it's not
too bad it was just like so melted
Snickers crisper my Snickers bars these
aren't mine but we got these two and
then we got oh god fish cause everyone
on YouTube is on about goldfish and
Twinkies even though I feel like these
are gonna be the most revolting things
we're gonna put that up ass these ones
are so much better other cheetos taste
like giant twisties and they're really
disappointing they taste like off cheese
but these ones here really good crunchy
flamin hot they're like actually quite
spicy if Sally's enjoying a squirt so
yeah as Sally said you're you guys would
be clicking on this video like Lou Bega
so glam casinos we're just here at home
eating Cheetos I feel so much more like
myself right now I have my benefit
little dressing gown I just put on yet
is it in a mosque trying to release
renin break out
