rumi white hit the last night and I just
found my camera like under my pillow and
I was like it's right
I completely fell asleep like was my
camera in my hand onto my pillow
anyway got to go to the gym hey guys
just got back from the gym is Friday yay
tonight
well like late at the softener I'm
getting a pedicure because my nails are
so disgusting right now is because you
know I'm gonna be wearing sandals and
stuff in Vegas because it's gonna be hot
a it so I don't want nice tourists am I
gonna go to do that and they in it today
I'm just editing and prepping and doing
description bosses and link because all
sorts of stuff just preparing for Vegas
I really wanna have a smoothie too
I'm craving it seriously flax seed and
mecha powder make it taste so good the
Flexi to like so I've got to eat they're
like crunchy and we're going to supply
some just square I think we haven't been
there before so we're trying something
here
I think afterwards I'm meeting Hamish at
out out at Orlando and the reason you
haven't really heard from me today is
because I've been working like crazy
like crazy crazy crazy I've been doing
some all day long
I've even got heaps of mail on the beach
but I open that latest night firing me
by the way I'll just do it tomorrow but
yeah I haven't even had time to look
through that and I was mean to like
print out all of my paperwork for the
States today and having hit time they're
like printout of my visa and we'll make
plane tickets and stuff just as backups
in case you know in case they don't want
me on my phone or whatever and they
interrogate me in the room this is where
we're trying where do we normally go we
usually go to let's face it we'll see
how it goes
apparently it's good we've had some
friends that have gone there oh my gosh
I'm so pasty white but I got like a
peachy pink yeah new packaging coming
soon and your style can we say these are
the chic we'll put the labels on the
sides now so they're easier to see when
you stick them and store them yeah it's
not my focus is it there you go oh yeah
this is so beautiful there's so long
like these are one of the longest piers
we have they don't really look at like
oh but I'll show you need somewhere with
them I've worn them a few times in vlogs
but there's so pretty
there's a new five piece set coming soon
they're not quite ready yo guys I'm home
I'm gonna open up all this stuff
tomorrow because I am really tired we
just got some dumplings
set me a really nice chill night now got
some Netflix or something and so forth
good morning everyone it's Saturday and
we're gonna find the bug in the bed here
is good morning hey how are you today
Louie would you like to go for a walk
today for a walk Hey
last weekend we did this he flipped look
he's still excited but he's a bit what I
say but last weekend he was full-on
asleep and beat it I was like Jennifer
what he's like he was jumping everywhere
and looking us saying you want to go
who's Eddie yes he's that I'm a bit
tired but yes I would like to go for a
walk
the weather's a bit cloudy but it's not
gonna rain I'm pretty sure I hope so she
would take to that for a nice big one
yes Lucy when I go for a walk - yes
means I yeah I've got better things to
do
but I guess hey good morning
you're such a date Lily hello someone's
excited why is it it's like a big sirs
so Toulouse what are you doing friend
Renzo's run as fast as you can hi
there's a train tractor there mowing the
lawns and the dogs are like what the
heck what did you just do
did you just walk did you use water
through the putter he loves it he loves
getting dirty like that bulldog on
Facebook there just rolls around in the
mud
there would be him if he found that he
had running rolling one time Glenn's he
likes print it off and it was when he
didn't listen to us for a while we're
trying to calm that lasers come and he
was ignoring us in a ran and he arranged
straight into this missive like it was
like a big puddle and he doesn't realize
how deep it was it was so deep he like
vanished he was covered in mud he came
and he sprinted back to us and he was
like sulking and he's never run away
from us ever since
oh my god why no a little he's so
fast
silly sighthound
we're home and I just put on a little
bit of makeup I just did the Urban Decay
one-and-done foundation secret
highlighter guess which mascara I'm
wearing if you've been watching my
beauty channel lately you know what it
is and then just iCard brow gel on my
eyebrows I'm gonna put on some kind of
lip color in the car I don't know this
highlight it literally looks like weight
on your skin like it's so beautiful it
doesn't look fake and like stripe you
like some highlight is it just like
melts straight into your skin and just
looks beautiful
open these packages later because yeah
I'm stopped we're gonna go out to
Orlando for brunch and hit some balls
and stuff someone's got a treat today
while we go out to breakfast so lucky
look at that
YUM I wish I could eat that not
good even more mail a sec yeah
come on mail yay no bye
Lois stolen sources bitch hey what are
you doing in there huh what are you
doing there
wait to get rid of the rag didn't we why
does someone have an accident on it it
wasn't an accident cuz someone didn't
want to go out in the rain say what
happened
mm-hmm I think that is what happened Oh
what's happening Hamish go back to do
your favorite thing thank you for like
my nails do you like my nails Hamish
yeah so we just finished golf oh my gosh
my tongue hurts I'm actually hit butted
my chin and bit my tongue and it's like
all swollen on one side if I'm talking
really weird reminds me when I got my
tongue pierced like years ago I couldn't
talk proper I'm having leftover
dumplings but dinner time and we're
gonna make pledges so I'm just doing
like a little bit of dinner cuz Plato's
like my fave and chips into it so we've
got some friends coming over tonight got
a couple friends there start lovin
taught me that here so we're hanging out
everything we're doing much the people
stop tonight but yeah and then that's
about it I'm gonna do some makeup
because I just feel me so I'll just wipe
off all of this and then start fresh I
think hold on sorry you can see the
lines on my cameras because of the
lighting I have set up it like that's
the worst
it just makes League lines all over the
camera but I just make feel like a
really natural coverage foundation
mascara some I should are lipstick
highlighter a little bit of bronzer I am
so over the top leave a little Suites
area some Kit Kat pods nuts and caramel
kiss shots in pain gummy bears and some
mint chocolate tiny little balls and
then green waves I've got dips and stuff
in the first tool and then three
different types of crackers we have some
anti-pesto mixes like filler olives some
bagel crisps smoked cheese camembert I
actually have MS brie and then some
light cream cheese meats stuffed
lillies called again Kippur Jews
yo mama
