hello sir is Saturday now and we are
going to the wineries we're gonna go on
a little tour so it takes a look with me
I just did my makeup I've used my color
pop what's call it's one month like the
brownie rose gold packaging that I've
shown in videos before and then this is
Lucent highlighter my visi a blush I've
got covergirl Ricci gorgeous mess with
the clinic two and one Foundation a
Bunter lipstick baked so beauty natural
lashes benefit brows and then my top pro
glow and then my hourglass bronzer so
yeah and you get changed I'm just doing
my hair like this so I'm not gonna stall
it this is just my neck truth blow-dried
hair and yeah that's it that's a look at
the say right now the last line of vines
down here
I went to a wedding here before getting
into here and the bride and groom we're
now in Michaela of matching heads and
she's got a struggle this like this you
look like a five-year-old's it's funny
yes go ahead yes let me uh this is f
ckin' tasting I kind of forgot to vlog
the last one that it was really good it
was super beautiful - do you wanna go
Sam
this dog over the shams fine we're just
appreciating this and it's like The
Great Escape we drive you to drink if
that's on slogan I know what is shann's
like king that she's just nervous she's
like maybe I'll go see the dog maybe I
won't she wants to just too shy smells
like that one
Lauren talk about the Chardonnay and
she's been trying to live up to it oh
this is what the planner look you can
over one at over just like run all these
randoms and they're all he's only
talking about the haze hopefully I can
read my whole that blue cheese was my oh
the best life in the world is literally
avoiding me Hey straight through the
sprinklers he's avoiding me I'm so sick
of
oh my gosh like the level of folk my
heaven
sorry that's long footage this is a bad
and negative T in this blog footage yeah
you can't it's so dark anyway that's
came it gives you a leave us and these
are them
but where are we going now we're going
Craigie right he said it'd break around
cities but now
it comes cranking thing God what are
they at Longhorn Longhorn do appreciate
lawns like that no girls gonna hit
strike well I thought those are real
fruits here I don't know castle
can't stand is it it looks very bright
that's alright someone's name the cheeky
golf course par three straight across
the lake but now they're easy easy
what's going on we're coming yeah
exactly Danny like no tomorrow it's so
good
next hating on his wine you're doing
well yeah this place is flesh
you know it's flesh when you come to
toilets and there's actual like
decorations look at that here Luther's
destroy that but it was really good but
I had to show up to this Salvation Army
halfway house every evening at the same
time judge's orders
