hey guys I just got up kind of before
recently I don't know what I'm saying I
was so tired like at 8 o'clock and I
have here appointment at 10 so I just
got up and hit a shower I'm gonna have
some breakfast now try to get some
editing done but right over my head
because my head takes like so low and
then this afternoon I'll do my tie
thinks I've got to get like 3 or 4 more
videos done before hopefully Friday
afternoon so tomorrow afternoon because
I really want to work on the weekend
this has been biking all morning there's
like cats out there they taunt him they
literally set on how to drive away and
just steer them and it winds about
that's so annoying cat say evil good
morning
it's starting to wake up it's time to go
to school I can still see you
YUM I just edited a first impression
video and I also put on a little bit of
makeup just a little bit of my Chanel
viola me a quick foul nation or really
Shelia some taut Amazonian clay mascara
wait what's cold it's not hold it
the top all lights camera lashes mascara
brow mascara and some lip tint just so I
don't look like button for the Murrah so
here's a before of my hair and it looks
kind of not stupid yellow I mean it's
not too bad I just really liked it I see
look I heard when I first got my hair
done so we'll return it today
but smooth
that weather though oh my gosh it's like
terrible
I just got drenched and I came from that
building right there like how I can't
really tell on camera but my hair is
like which just as we straightened it as
well but it looks so good so yeah I go
to a magic happens here in beauty this
is in Kelvin grow like next to the
countdown countdowns just over there so
yeah that's where I go and they're
amazing Mel's been doing my hair lately
and she's incredible she's like the
owner seriously you guys like the
streets a flutter you outside apparently
it's flooding in Wellington of course on
camera he never looks as bad as it
really is I wish I could show you out my
streets like full-on flooding
it's like really bad won't be surprised
if some parts of pommy
blood today hopefully not because it's a
pain in the ass seriously it's like real
bad I hope you're even washing outside I
don't think we do anyway I got a bunch
of parcels so all those recycling have
to put on IX I knew I had a couple of
packages I was like yep when I get home
I'll open up those new packages take out
all the recycling it'll be fine like no
I'm sorry I'm not going out there so the
first thing I opened already because I
was like I don't know if this is um like
I don't know if it had food in it
because I could see the little um thingy
here probiotic yogurt which I don't
usually like love but this sounds
amazing look at this
cinnamon raspberry jam donut probiotic
yogurt so they gave me some like
vouchers to go get some free yogurt so
I'm gonna do that because I want to try
this and I got some stuff from health
post online this is where I buy
supplements and like vitamins and stuff
so I got some new mecha powder because
my last lot is actually expired even
though he eats it tasted okay but I was
like hmm I should probably get in you I
also got some of this this is collodial
silver cream and then I got the like
water as well I was talking to my lady
who does my nails and she said it's
really good fat can he even like to get
rid of the bacteria and just like you
know clean your skin and get rid of
breakouts and things so I thought I'd
give it a go cuz I was telling her about
how I just don't feel very good about my
skin right now especially about to go to
Vegas and gonna be surrounded by
beautiful people and I just am so upset
that my skin is playing out like right
now but it is getting better like today
it's not so bad if you haven't noticed I
don't know if you've noticed or not that
I thought god I think you can have it
internally as well like if you're
getting sick or like I don't know I have
to do more research on this but it
sounds pretty awesome like here's some
info just here if you want to pause the
screen I also got something from Tzar
hopefully my camera doesn't die it's
blinking at me right now I'll shoot with
this cute little box seriously you guys
it's getting worse out there it just
started like it's oh my god our
backyards starting to flood anyways so
there is this one step CC anti redness
that sounds awesome SPF 30 they do
actually be good for just like every day
and then I guess this is its color match
oh my gosh it's so bad so does that go
from green to colored I don't know how I
feel about that to try
eh-heh now if you like the goodies thank
you so much what's this green tea leaves
from Kyoto Japan cute hair is some
Japanese green tea leaves and KitKat for
you to a sit back and enjoy with your
news CC creams and CC stick how sweet
and then these must be the sticks yeah
see these must be very similar I've
tried the moisture mist States because I
believe moisture mist ends I like sister
brains or something so it's a cream to
powder stick if you try them out to it
let me know if you want a first
impression I just don't know how
accessible this brand is worldwide so I
don't know if it's worth it or not but
let me know oh my god I just ripped open
this bag and look at the inside I had no
idea that would happen so seems a book
the prod progeny and novel name some
stuff from Chi Chi which I already know
there are some of their new brushes in
here it was so sweet I guess I could say
I get along really well with the owners
of Chi Chi like we talked quite a bit on
email and everything and one of the
owners was just like oh my gosh chin and
I can't bear to not send you our brushes
like I know you have your own brushes
but I just really want to give you some
as well to try and also of course like
I'd love to because obviously companies
don't really see me their brushes do
there because I have my own brand there
don't really buy other people's brushes
because why would I need to cuz I've got
my own like I don't need more precious
it was really sweet there's such nice
people so - she is definitely like a
brand I love as you guys know her like I
love their products and they're just
such nice people as well I hate packing
peanuts look I know this whole necessary
this so safe but God they get everywhere
whoa the bosses are so big this is
called all the cool that is that is a
contouring and highlighting brush so
cool I have no idea how much these go
for I'm guessing they're quite
affordable cuz chichi is affordable like
here in New Zealand I had some new brow
products oh my god I am obsessed with
their brow pomade at the moment and they
said though I'm making these I'm so
excited to try these I'm so so excited
I know these are gonna be good it's
almost like a benefit gimme brow chip or
something your lip and eye line is they
know how much I love the 3d magic lash
my other one is actually MD so I'm
guessing there's like three in here yep
I'm sit pretty sure they have a brush
absolutely everything this is insane sir
look how many
absolutely tonnes cruelty-free vegan
made in China
I was just unboxing this I can recycle
all the packaging and like it's kind of
like a brown wooden handle so that's
quite cool different so I bought the
stuff of Easter calm dot a year my
battery is blinking it's just made by
any siblings so pretty it's a dress and
then like a placer and then another
place and then I also got this skirt
it's like high-waisted with like a lice
mesh you just touch my bottom
it's all good I swear I like this blend
of everything is just incredible
the protein powder is vanilla flavor by
the way but just like the make up out it
gives it like this kind of like nutty
flavor or something I can't even
describe it's so good I'm addicted I
used to have it back when I lived in old
clenched like ages ago and then I guess
I just forgot about it but it's so good
how long my hair stain to get we gave it
a bit of a trim oh it looks yellow in
this lighting I promise it's not it's
just the ugly kitchen lighting oh god I
can't get away from it proof anyway I'm
gonna go now I already it's a first
impression before I had my hair
appointment this morning which I thought
was a good outfit
so yeah in Georgia Steamies like by the
way the roads are really really flooded
so I wouldn't leave your house if you
don't have to okay I don't have to go
anyway today oh my gosh it's like bad
backyard is flooding flooding I'll show
you it later and we'll see if it's got
moist so hopefully not because I wanted
to deal with that so I've edited two and
a half beauty videos in a vlog today so
I'm feeling it pretty happy with myself
I've actually done enough videos for a
while I'm gone now so I just want to do
one more just for in case I am at
jet-lagged you know and I don't want to
get out of bed but I should be good now
and then I have time next week just to
eat it a few more videos for a while I'm
recovering from LASIK eye surgery
fingers crossed I can't even get it as
you guys might remember it depends of my
eyes have changed or if they've
stabilized if they have not changed and
if they're stable then I will be getting
you know LASIK done so it's kind of like
a 50-50 chance probably hopefully
fingers crossed I can get it done I'm so
excited and nervous I just really want
to do it I really want to get done and
I'm really scared
it might not be just like LASIK a there
it might be I think it's called laser
resurfacing or something it's a little
bit more healing time than just LASIK I
got me on board it's called battle
obviously foe you in more when I learn
more about it
slash when I remind myself cuz I already
learned about it but you know well they
need some consult
they'll fill me in and I'll fill you
guys in so you guys know the deal is
what the heck who's minding my own
business and what are you doing wait he
said oh he's trying to come through Oh
God
hi did you want to cuddle I thought it
was Friday again but it's only Thursday
damage
