what are you doing in there hey guys
it's like 8:00 a.m. I'm just doing
another mask over my breakouts because a
couple like came to the stove it so this
came to the service came to the surface
after last night's mud mask so I'm just
doing another one and then I'm going to
film today except really feel like
filming I don't know what kind of look I
want to do I'm thinking I might do like
a drugstore makeup strokes haven't done
one in a while just like all using
drugstore makeup I will do some more
half half face ones because you guys
love them every time I do them but those
take a long time to like plan and make
sure that they're like perfect so I'll
probably do that you know maybe next
month when I'm not so hectic with all
this traveling so yeah I think I'll do a
drugstore makeup store because like the
Spanish and my favorites I needed to use
and so why not go all out you know and
then I'll probably just it at this
afternoon and I want to walk the dog
side and go the gym this morning I
decided like you know on filming dates
I'll probably just walk later on rather
than walk in the morning if they make
sense is otherwise I get home a lot
later and sometimes I have to wash my
hair if it's really oily and sweetie
I don't think I'm gonna have breakfast
because when I eat breakfast without
waking up like quite early like it's
quite really still sometimes I feel a
bit ill so I'm just gonna wait a little
bit before I eat anything oh actually I
should go sit up today's video it's what
I'm gonna do wildest rice hey guys so
this is the makeup tutorial I filmed
it's all drugstore makeup so I'm really
happy with how it turned out the quality
is amazing as you can say like you could
look at this and think it was high in so
yeah I don't know when that will be up
but I will edit it soon now I'm gonna do
a lip swatch video on the rest of my Kat
Von D liquid lipsticks I have to think
anyway all done now I'm gonna make a
smoothie for lunch I'm quite hungry but
I feel like a smoothie so I'm gonna have
that and you know if I'm still hungry
later I'll just have a snack by the way
all my lips right now it was candy kiss
by gerard cosmetics my lip gloss
it's so pretty
so I don't look like I put a whole lot
of random stuff in but there's protein
chia seeds flax seed and matches he and
this today I just thought I'd add some
extra vitamins and goodness and good
fats and things no he didn't have any
more almond milk in the fridge so it's
usefully because it was in there because
I used soy milk in my nature says I
don't really drink it that much I just
kinda have a few mr. potato this is so
good why is it so good
probably because I didn't put good green
stuff in it I got some mail I already
opened it up so it's nice and easy to me
to show you I'm so excited okay so I've
got some stuff from Mac I'll show you
that first so this is the eyes on Mac
collection I think so there's like I
should eyes and shadow sticks and things
look how cool their images fishies so
they sent me two of these Mac color
stays waterproof color sticks this is so
cool I'm I sure like a waterproof makeup
drawer one day and like for like goin
water and like see how well it lasts and
then I got this eyeshadow palette this
is the pistol x 9 pellet it's really
beautiful I really like the colors I
love that light pistol blue so pretty
have so many ideas for tutorials using
that and then the last thing they sent
me is the pro beyond twisted lash
mascara really cool packaging and I also
got a package from Gerard cosmetics with
some of their new lip liners so I put
peachy-keen nodes share and immortal so
I'll open them and show you their model
of the packaging I've seen them on
Instagram already how cool is this
packaging they're just like a little
resharpen of all pencil so I'll
definitely try these in videos just
finished editing a vlog and a beauty
video I did a everyday like rose gold
makeup tutorial and I like begin editing
more thumbnails and stuff like the look
I did today I haven't decided what
picture I want to use yet so I've just
got some on my screen I'm gonna continue
tomorrow because it is 5:30 so it's time
for me to take some time off we
appreciate this pile of toys Bai Lili's
beard such a hoarder
this is why they were toys everywhere
this this is what hi-hi
hi my latest I'm gonna make bitters for
dinner since we didn't hit the last
night since I come to bully cooking even
though this is like a really easy easy
easy easy easy thing to make I'm quite
hungry I've only just started getting
hungry since I had my smoothie for like
lunch light lunch
I can't wait to take off my makeup I
just want to like rub it in my face I
don't know why you know like when you've
just been wearing makeup all day and
just like no we just finished watching
the killing would you think Hamish would
you think about the killing yeah it's
just weird to see the last season yeah
it was just like over well we must have
caught up and then how much gogoro yeah
ended in late 2014 or like wait what
yeah apparently makes people were angry
because at the end of season one you
didn't find out who the killer was
mmm but then you found out in season 2
but because we watched a girl a day to
back that was fun and I reckon on us
everything the series is like four out
of five five out of five easy yeah I
really liked it the last episode was
just so full on and so much happened and
it was confusing though I'm not
confusing it was just like well we
didn't know it was the last exercise
yeah I know that much more yeah yeah I
felt like they could have like sprinted
out or like three or four episodes they
were so like it'll happen at once it's
like okay and then we were like what
happens next but that was it so yeah it
was still really good but the last
season was kind of like confusing not
confusing a little bit confusing I think
yeah it was a little bit of a gamble
yeah mopey and they all poor me poor me
poor me
yeah which fair enough but still I
wanted to see the mid of stories and it
was just like oh like this personal
stuff I was like okay yeah anyway I'm
gonna go sleep now getting my head on
tomorrow get my roots done and get my
hair tone cuz it's going like a Yeller
tour tomorrow
