money everyone so today is Tuesday I
think I've got a nail appointment later
and they're not actually looking too bad
they just stay in a grow out so
obviously I want to get them refilled
and everything especially for Vegas and
then I'm gonna eat it today as well just
get more interesting John I'll probably
film tomorrow because I'm getting my
eyelashes right into today so there's
not much point in doing makeup right now
I could but I just can't be bothered to
be fit and I'm like an eye they've got
assignments all down going fun oh yeah
I've almost finished a massive project
though it's like a large exhausted being
so tired lately we may need to be so
early last night by the way my camera
went did rise I was like gonna say good
night it's why I just got a shuttle
freedom play when I was like filming
Louie it just like blink doing black and
I was like no problems so yeah I'm just
gonna some breakfast and start editing
here Michela
and then just hit it into later on my
appointments at like 3 or 4 or something
like that I'll have to double check so
I'm just gonna get up all morning
what is this bug doing spot the Louie
what are you doing what are you doing
yeah Jim yeah so we got some cereals to
try because we just means this if mother
we didn't go to organic shop to get the
little bird one so we just train some
difference so this one honey crunchy
honey he clusters by the and then we got
cafe style light mixed nuts and honey
and stuff and then they got a berry one
is this one like I thought it was part
but I think it is I'm trying it this one
hopefully it's good with some almond
milk it's really good so I finished it
is hanging at the look with like purple
lips hold on this look here the purple
lips
I just finished a scene that tutorial
and I'm doing my red lip tutorial which
is hold on there we go that one there
and it is now 12:30 Savannah p.m. so I'm
gonna make myself some
my skin is so saw like all of this agnya
it's like proper painful like I haven't
had at this bad and I can't even
remember how long and it really really
hurts I don't know what to do
ask my doctor if it was really to
cortisone he said very probably stress
alone might wake me I think I'm gonna
cook myself a rep because I feel like
warm food it's like really cold today we
have like in nothing right now so I'm
just gonna make cheese red onion and
pineapple where'd you get that from well
I'm another but this is made out of
coconut water you know so normal cheese
it's crazy
can you can tell the difference really
that's for me please oh god
you put hanging on there so machito so
hang in there did you just cut it off
the age what I'm in today a slice look
what he did
these taste like I mean anyway now it's
turn for comic I think there's one
mashed yeah it's crushed
that cheese is the best vegan cheese
I've ever tried I just melted some soup
it melts well because some doesn't but
because it's got a coconut oil base it
just melts so good so good so that took
a couple hours it's now five o'clock so
that's how my nails like I just got
these really cute little stamped Rosie's
I'm obsessed I'm just gonna finish
editing a video sorry it's not focusing
on my face I'm and then I'll make some
dinner in a bit I'm sorry but is this
not the cutest thing you've ever seen in
your life
look at you you were so cute yeah
hey he was so happy to see me when I got
home before was so cute I wish I filmed
it
it's a comfy pull away and you'd like it
in this mister is loving his Fox aren't
you gotta sleep with a every night yes
all right I just finished work still in
14 started doing another thumbnail but I
looked at the time I was like oh
and I said loads today I did like 203
Beauty videos no vlog as well like
obsessed with this makeup here I'm gonna
eat it that like you know the rest of it
maybe tomorrow or the day after
I'm exhausted and so Hamish so we're
gonna go get some food
the souffle can result on beach and
we're getting fries and broccoli as well
do you think me and Hamish like the
broccolini we just watched the new
episode of Bates Motel and I did a mask
the and is free volcanic clay mask and
all my gosh it made my skin looks so
much better like clearly I still have
breakouts but on my nose I just hit all
of these like black dots and like like
not quite black kids they weren't really
black dots they were just like bumps in
like lots of white crap everywhere and
it was just nasty and on my forehead as
well I just put on that mask and I took
it off and it really does minimize your
pores like now like my skin just looks
so smooth on my nose it feels completely
soft it's foliated and all of the gunk
is gone and my breakouts have shrunken a
little bit as well like it's kind of
sucked all the excess oil out and made
them like go down a little bit so I'm
sorry about heavier I'll probably do one
of those face masks tomorrow depending
on my skin feels trial I get it clear
before I go to Vegas but it enough I'm
gonna have much like this I'm drinking
so much water and stuff it's not doing a
thing like my skin has not been this bad
and so long even my forehead was like
getting all these like little odd bumps
so yeah so over it like uh did some
research thought I would apparently like
breaking out and stuff and like some
other symptoms I have like blurry eyes
at night and all of those random things
all of these random things but can be
related to like low zinc and so I got
some zinc supplements online I'm gonna
try them and see if it helps at all
because yeah just some of the other
symptoms as well as I think I've been
like tasting in my blood taste for zinc
so and my next when I came to taste me I
forgot to tell you the dodged appoint me
the other day I've got to get a blood
test in like August it's not me I asked
though it's never-ending I don't just
sit I'm doing well with the steps I'm
taking towards lowering my stress and
everything
just got to keep it up and try to lower
the stress levels even more and just
keep up the light exercise and
everything and I should be good see I'm
gonna go to sleep now anyways hopefully
these breakouts pissed off good night
