good morning everyone I'm just like
lying on the bed right now cuz I feel so
exhausted I think I went too hard at the
gym and now my body's just like I go
away from the gym like mm-hmm maybe 40
minutes ago I just sit up today's video
and put it alive it was a not fury it's
not fury paper'll April favorites I
think um yeah it's the gym got up quite
early at like 7:30 and I'm so much
higher but today should be good I've got
I could go to the doctor after I have a
shower um well like hot now I whipping
up some mail first I got some mail and
then yeah after that day and then I
think I'll just go out for a quick lunch
with my mum and eat because I'm not
gonna eat this morning I feel really
like ill I'm not quite sure why I'm
excited where the doctor won't try to
figure out what to do next because they
let their last blood test as you know I
don't know what the results were like I
don't know what any of it means so
that's why I'm going to the doctor today
and then to figure out what we have to
do next to try and figure out how to
pinpoint exactly what's wrong with me
other than high cortisol / if it's just
I caught us all of what I don't know
it's so confusing I'm sorting it out and
then this afternoon I'm just gonna eat
it some more hopefully get up a vlog and
get off of log on the week you know just
being kind of taking the weekends off a
little bit like I've still been videoing
a little bits and pieces of my day but
it's haven't been uploading because it's
just getting to you too much you know
and I think I'm gonna cut back on my
vlogs like you guys have noticed lately
that I've been you know only uploading
maybe three or four times a week on my
vlog channel and it's just because I'm
really just trying to take a step back
and just work on myself and my stress
levels and I just try to take it a
little bit easier especially right now
and I'm trying to prepare to go to Vegas
like it's already quite stressful just
try and get all my beauty videos sorted
for while I'm gone and I don't want to
like overdo it you know so I've just
been careful everyday like making sure I
do like some really like exercise some
walking getting fresh air which really
does mean so much good and then just
literally just trying to relax and
trying not to be on social media and
computers and devices all the time like
just having some relaxing time and
that's what's been happening I'm sorry
if you guys are upset that I've been
uploading less but I've just got to put
my health first at this point like I've
been pushing myself really hard for too
long and it's not doing me any good so
you know I've just got if I
balance of like work and health and
stuff I'll wake it up I'll work it out
of each like B I'm gonna go have a
shower now and get ready for the doctor
appointment I got heaps and heaps of
mail so show you inside some some is
peerless mail and some is just like
normal mails so yeah sorry if I sound
really like quiet I'm just so tired just
my kid doing as well yeah it's so flat I
get my hair done later this week before
I go to Vegas hasn't grown too much um I
just thought I'd get it you know at
orange and everything before I go this
is just so it looks really nice
someone's curious so the first box is
from Mac so they send me some of this
Brook candy collection which I've never
heard of and New Zealand it is out on
the fifth of May here's some of the
pricing if you want to pause the screen
and have a little read
can we just say how cool this packaging
is but who does this remind you of
reminds me a bit of Kat Von D packaging
but this packaging is super cool I
really really like it it's got like spa
letters on and then it's silver or
there's this lipstick hold on our
refocus my camera this lipstick here is
called do-wop do-wop do-wop this is well
which got dinged what you said yeah
that's called world so that's how they
look together and then if it wants to
focus this is called Pamela this is
Pamela and it is a vamp laughs I I guess
liquid lipstick it's really nice deep
mich nude color well I think it's made
anyway and then this studio I gloss and
it white and it's just like a white
sticky like glossy pigment TV thingy
I've got a few of them I don't really
use a metal tin because they do crease
very easily but sometimes if I'm going
for like a super grungy kind of eye look
I like pets um over and it kind of
creases the I should have but it kinda
looks cool that makes sense but yeah
definitely not like an everyday product
for me I really love their packaging
it's super cool this is a brand-new
pillow case by Sleep clean which I still
use these all the time
um it looks really nice it's got like
silver woven into it or something Silvan
something like that but just a little
note saying thank you for the support
and everything but yeah I think it's
such a cool idea and I really like my
pillowcases so I'm excited to try this
one - it's like a new one and then I got
this really big gift box so let's see
what's in here there is a balloon I
don't know if this is supposed to float
or not I don't think so and knit your
nails are too sharp go away I need to
take them for a walk on the concrete we
trimmed us now as you say and they're
like row shop I mean you could ops it's
night it's looking golden with our brand
and Bissonnette caught me I hear that's
right Kourtney Kardashian's the new
brand ambassador which is super cool
look how good she looks she is such a
babe they sent me some cute slippers and
like a little gold nail polish no hot
damn please here is a gold dust firming
serum interesting I mean tried this
before
Oh in a candle so the packaging on this
one's a little bit different it's gold
packaged and then this is what the serum
looks like I'm so excited to try it so
the tapes of stuff and my pair of box I
mean she did alright no the staff was
like from a couple weeks ago but I just
haven't opened it yet and then all of
the rest of it was in here today so let
me go open a few bits I'll show you some
of the highlights if you would like I
don't really show much mail from you
guys lately just cuz I know some people
didn't like it obviously to me
everything is super cool but you know
some of you guys like you know what I
mean it's personal so I don't want to
show everything and sometimes I get all
these like really random like letters
that it meets other people they
obviously hit my peer box before me
after like take it back and uh but some
stuff from this brain how do you
pronounce this I've actually seen them
on Facebook let's - I don't know how do
I open Oh
jokes wait no yes there okay I forget it
out you guys Oh cute look so these are
liquid lipsticks
they're really pretty I like the colors
should that one's really pretty true
listen thank you to the team that's
imposed to me this package is from
Medellin walcker the twenties Club thank
you to support your local girl games I
mean heard of this brand before the 20s
Club topper NZ the one sent me some
really cute jewelry look I keep this is
it's like a marble stone look at the
cute little
typeface like steps or something what
did someone it should write that I don't
know it all looks really cool fittings
in thank you so much well thank you so
much torture you should see me a little
peck of pampering treats from Dorset and
at the UK and made here accessories it's
really cute so that's her website this
on us and wash fresh handmade what does
this cool baby bought bath ballistic I
haven't tried a bath ballistic what do
you do that release into water and let
him do his sleep and she seemed all nice
I should try that
I'm really light live into lately I
never used to be a big fan of it but
lately I've just been flight with the
drugs me it's pray and so from North I'm
really liking them there is some sting
cream natural moisturizer a roll usually
while you're applying makeup or face
mask skincare that's to be cured look at
oh my gosh look at that it's so special
in this one look so cute
thank you her and I got a bunch of
litters so I'll just show you like this
since these Merry Christmas ever no idea
how long they're to it against me that's
from Colorado Thank You Tatiana and then
look how cool this is name look at this
dog I died cutest puppy over this
picture so I'm gonna read these more
indie I've only read like a few words
but I'm gonna read them more in detail
finished meeting this afternoon I've
only done a vlog so far since I've been
home it's just hit three o'clock so I
need to do a beauty video and then I
think we're gonna read some more this
afternoon just to wind down and relax
and I don't know I just like to actually
take them in rather than just rush like
right now can I think you can't tell me
those where the kids things you've ever
seen oh so cute it's know how to be as
someone invited me to be witty I just
read that before I was like that is so
it she said she's like I totally
understand you probably can't come
you're so busy that I decide send you an
invite for fun and thank you so much
that's so nice of you I hope you have it
the best wedding day ever in
congratulations see I thank you to all
of you who sent me some letters got some
stuff from nutri medics this is who sent
it to me so thank you it's about I've
never tried this brand before so it's
like this gold makeup bags super
literary
there's lots and lots of random goodies
in here like met
cream and some conceal a character and
s'more lots of bits and pieces I've
never really like as I said new to try
this brand I haven't really heard that
much about it either so if you guys have
you ever tried it let me know what you
think there is a nude eyeshadow palette
a blushing face when I look at this this
looks like pretty packaging that's funny
it looks just like the NAS one I forget
which one it is the peachy nice one and
then the last thing here is from
skin-food
dear Shannon just might send some of our
favorites configure tease your way we
hope you love them as much as we do
we're all big fans here in the office
enjoy the price thank you is this what I
think it is this is my favorite buddy
but I showed you on my blog one time
smells like this is the best smelling
body that I've ever used in my entire
life it kicks every other body butter
like well the body shop wines and
everything I thought what it smells like
deliciousness like mango and like honey
and oh my god it's like they sent me
Renu coconut oil coconut oil is it thank
you umm hand cream body above some face
wipes so cleans a mess I love that I've
got that exfoliating scrub and a tanning
moisturizer Wow
Thank You Lily Haris Kanade I don't know
what your last name is these this this
is my slipper why do you have my slipper
asshole yay success I ended up finishing
another beauty video it's 5 p.m. good if
it shimon good if it I'll show you the
tutorial this is the tutorial
I told Hamish about deny and he sounded
very happy so I think I'm gonna go start
prepping it and then now gonna do
Solicitors with like a curry soles maybe
some Apple onion mashed potatoes and I
really feel like peas I'm gonna hit them
in so long like I don't really eat peas
a lot because I think they quite sugary
Oh something I don't know I really feel
like peas so
so this is vegan like beef stock Eldo
like imitation and then I added some
Italian white wine vinegar and some
curry powder I just do it all to taste
and I also put in a little bit of smoked
barbecue sauce as well and yeah that's
what's cooking in there and just added
some apple looks so good these mashed
potatoes might be the best mashed
potatoes I've ever met in my life
they're so good I just used their olive
marjorine stuff olive oil instead of
like the Jerry what Jerry oh what's it
called butter whatever and also some soy
milk in my mashed potatoes I don't
really like using milk I don't know
amaze me feel sick so that's what I do
my question I was so good I couldn't
finish it
hamish skipped lunch so he finished the
rest of mine so it was good - no now
we're gonna lie and behave I think watch
some game of Thrones with something I'm
not like ruined - Game of Thrones I find
it so confusing like there's just too
many storylines for me and it's just
like I liked it for ages and got over it
because it just couldn't be bothered
I just can't listen to it in the
background like follow a couple of the
storylines that I actually like why do
you want to play right when worry about
sleep
