good morning everyone so today is
Saturday so today will be a good day I
have no idea what our plans are I think
Hamish wants to get some sushi or
something I missed some stage and I
don't know if we're playing golf or just
relaxing today I just put on a little
bit of CC cream I've got this like giant
breakout ruing ah my skin's just like
always flipping out I wonder if it has
anything to do with like the cortisol
like stress hormone I guess that makes
sense right maybe once I get that under
control this all kind of sort itself out
as well who knows yeah I just got traces
I'm just wearing this like super a tops
like a crop top long sleeve then this
skirt heads from a row I don't know
they're really cute it's just that it
fits really well on my legs and butt and
then it's like real baby on my stomach
so throughout the day it kind of
stretches out and looks kind of awkward
but I still think it's quite cute it's
just up here it's like really weird
little bag had a bath today
so did the other little bug a soaking
hay all bent up look how funny Zeus is
when he's wait look he you mr. curly
here hey she have a good bath today
who is gets super hyper like after he
said a bath he like runs around and
jumps around before because I walked
over to him any hot from there to there
to there to unhitch almost fell over
drum down was bouncing around when she
know he's guarding the house people
sometimes ask me what producers here's a
purebred Rottweiler the princess awakens
yourn
hmm
JB the bath I got a package from is that
your way she way I don't know how to
pronounce it
damn it I cut myself yeah I Shen we hope
you enjoy your new zoo a goodies please
don't hesitate to reach have you any
questions product requests thank you so
much let's have a look
Oh cute it's such a cute makeup big this
stuff inside it it feels so inside the
makeup bag was all of these long wear
lip creams I'll just show you what the
packaging looks like I've never actually
seen these before
I think I really tried one thing by this
brand it was like a highlight powder so
this is what the packaging looks like
quite cute it's different packaging you
know so you can kind of connect them
together or something as well as is
connecting a beauty and style attached
compare side to side by lining up tracks
and sliding together like these ones are
all slurred together what are these
Oh highlighters champagne camellia in
Tre Tre they are really pretty it's like
a creamy formula they also send a anti
blemish matte primer with salicylic acid
a anti aging moisture primer with
hyaluronic daily repair treatment oil
daily clarifying treatment oil lip
enhancer another lip enhancer a liquid
highlighter another liquid highlighter
what are these cream I should have
crowns and then some lip glosses as well
and a makeup bag in the back oh that
one's really cute as well it says oh la
la so thank you so much to the team it
Joey
sorry if I'm pronouncing that wrong I
probably a.m.
what
thank you please thank you
I forgot to show you guys
hamish just had a pizza so it was like
the tablespoon of wasabi someone got a
new bid hello sir hello sir
what have you found come on now I can
get rid of this pillar yes hello what is
it not these dough not these though so
it's got a new cushion to show them
you're pushing it comfy I just put one
in here hey how good's that look at that
bead they lost like they come for has
been I've ever seen in my life he's very
happy
hey love you it's real nice too because
it's off the ground
hey yes though we got a new toy today is
really rude please there is a start dog
there's a stoked dog do you like your
new bed is it comfy look at him Hamish
it was very weird you know why your
blankets falling off yeah nope let me
fix it first
you know the neverending cycles cycles
of life and death cycles of war and
peace cycles of light and darkness all
night we've been watching the killing
slates we were gaming earlier and then
we just watched all of season 2 pretty
much in one night
apart from like three episodes that we
watched the ending was so bizarre I
really want to see what if it's nice but
I'm tired so I'll talk to you guys
tomorrow like he's going really going
Hey
come on exciting both freaked out a
little yellow it does not like the sound
of traffic it's awesome well and truly
wait is it still Walter
I kind of remember I'm so bad with
seasons my uncle winter yeah it's almost
winter at least keeps the trees are
losing their Leafs it's such a nice
morning what are you eating grass for oh
yeah nice Pig yeah take them home I'll
have a shot this was gossiping no but
they want to go to the river they know
it's that way
yeah no he'll walk in like to see me
doesn't be like it so you did when I
took him with Sally here so grubby are
you me boy you just had a bath
yesterday - now you're a bro be again
yeah well if there's a money but it
always like oh yeah walk straight
through the middle they're proud excuse
me sir how did you get so dirty what
happens
come on he's not very happy really yeah
he's like I am a dog I'm not playing
myself you are little does he know yes
to get in the bath after the new heights
having baths are you doing he's still a
bit grumpy but he'll it's like the Stan
just falls off him yeah
whereas masseuse it like Caixin doesn't
come out so funny they were like
sprinting through all the sand back
there that's everywhere
he's quite off the ground so doesn't
catch so this is like I want to play too
but I'm too slow you say that was fun
was that fun he's gonna be tired
Susan's tired good boy colour-pop send
me their second birthday eye shadow I
think it's called it's a boy or
something look how pretty it is in this
son Hamish lies the song he says it
reminds him avec was kind of sundry
Engrish
we're going out to Orlando to have
breakfast lunch now it's 12:30 we
haven't eaten yet we just hit skip Circe
another box I just washed his leeks
because it was caked in mud and Dustin
said we were just getting in the car and
some of my view is but like she didn't
come here to fight I was like yep
oh we watch your vlogs every day I was
like thank you so he'll art if you say
this so we're just leaving now we're
gonna go and get some new food for the
dogs too intense I'm looking at it now
know what kind of car is it a Ferrari
yeah I like it but it is so intense but
it's cool that looks really like playing
game what he went straight you know I
like it and I don't know what we're
doing we just had me a very chilled a
pretty sure John is hungover or
something so he doesn't want to go to
golf but we just drove some balls I did
pretty good Pat from I forgot to bring a
hair tie my hair can't like go straight
in front of my eyes like this in the
wind so that wasn't I do we Scott's the
partner
I feel bad this person's got their
lights on lights turned off bug away but
their lights are on and they're not in
the car I can't do anything to help them
we're going to the plaza to try and find
my mum Reed River a Mother's Day present
Shannon's currently losing
still losing go for it oh man it needs
to come back up from the image one no no
no hey I just did you miss me did you
miss me drink into dogs when you gon fly
can ala they think you've been gone for
like 12 days or something though it
seems so excited to see when you get
home red wine to end the day it's like 5
o'clock ah time to relax even though
there's been very relaxed I'm gonna
whole was close
I just got my strip with my camera in my
water I'm always so happy when they
bring this up in Mackay it's so cute
we got rusty would you get yellow duck I
got green vegetable rice how good does
this light looks so pretty and colorful
we've almost caught up to they're
killing like almost up today and it's
not okay I hate the up-to-date two TV
series because then you have to actually
wait if you research command it sucks
you can't just binge watch it's the
worst Sunday night the worst day of the
week wait the worst moment of the week
when you're like good actually do
something productive tomorrow hmm I
think I'm just gonna err tomorrow we'll
say I'll talk to you then
bye
