good morning everyone today I'm filming
again I just like half code my hair like
just little spiral curl thing now I'm
gonna do some filming really excited I
think I'm gonna do a deep lip and a
really simple eye to go with this top so
yeah wishing you're like one tutorial
done so hold on one sec I'll just get my
hair down so you can see the full effect
just really simple bold makeup like
super dramatic winged eyeliner these are
the soulmate lectures I'm in love now
I'm gonna do a favorites video because I
just realize it's the end of April so I
should probably do a favorites I don't
think I did one last month I usually
kind of do them like every second month
or so now if I get time I'm gonna do a
lip swatch video but we shall see I am
done and I'm starving
it's 1:20 p.m. so I'm gonna go have some
lunch now I ended up doing a lip swatch
video as well motion your color pop met
X lipsticks
I've just got lip balm on because my
lips are kind of sore from lip swatches
I'm wearing this Rodan lip balm looks
really pretty and I think I'll take the
dog for a walk so you ever done any
exercise today just yet so yeah should
be good done lots of filming today I'm
very proud I just say a crap-ton
broccoli it was really good
is it time to go for a walk hey he was
trying to bite it's Colo a nice shrimp
at his collar on him so naughty so
naughty
he's ooze are you ready this does not
look stoked a patient it's their
favorite part of the walk so this is
like bouncing around like a little bunny
rabbit
over the hill
so weird that I put the TV on for the
dogs today I don't know me and Hamish
you're gonna go get sushi and then we're
gonna go to the movies I what maybe are
we gonna stay so we're gonna go to say
I'm Scott tonight that's like a military
drone man this drones and stuff
how's that oh yeah there's two think
yeah that's right well let you know it
gets good afterwards but I was like
craving wasabi all night and I was like
so we're gonna go get sushi
really in this vlog here so we just saw
I'm miss Scott I would you think he's
really good
well not good to say but it's quiet yeah
I think it was just a good movie because
it like reminds people that within like
heaps of war and stuff there's so many
innocent people that have nothing to do
with it that are affected that's where
that you'd think like it was the
triggerman spot all the time but that's
like lots of people we have different
jobs Indian trigger man just pokes the
trigger not because it's just a good
movie to see it from a different point
of view rather than just like look
suicide people bombs and stuff like you
see like the impact it has on hips of
different people it's really good yeah
I'm just gonna say goodnight now I'm
gonna go home and wash my face and go to
sleep if you guys enjoyed today's vlog
now till tomorrow good morning everyone
it is 1007 we just got back from the gym
today i'm going to do lots of editing
because i've filmed like 6 videos this
week or something ridiculous which is
really good cuz i go to vegas in a
couple weeks and then LASIK eye surgery
hopefully so i'm just trying to fill my
pretty it as much as i can so you guys
have videos for a while i'm you know not
at home slash recovering with sore eyes
yeah i'm gonna still film more next week
and probably in between vegas and my
laser depending on how I feel I might be
too jet-lagged I might get sick
sometimes I get sick on long-haul
flights just from other like germs and
the cabin and exhaustion and staff but
fingers crossed I'm gonna make sure to
take lots of vitamin C and just look
after myself yeah this morning was gonna
make a smoothie and then I'm gonna go do
some editing slash have a shower and
stuff I think my mom might go to yoga
later I don't know I haven't heard back
from her daddy yet I've never been
before so I'm kind of nervous I've done
Bikram yoga I think it is Bikram yoga
right not Pilates I'm pretty sure but I
haven't done normal yoga before but
theoretically it should be a little bit
less intense in Bikram right I don't
know I don't know how looks yeah
it's the plan for today Hamish made me
breakfast change of plans I am so over
today I cannot concentrate to save in my
life I'm gonna make a matcha green tea
and hope that it helps in some way
why doesn't make you look really strange
good but do yoga tonight I'm really
nervous it's just like a beginner's easy
class at least so hopefully I'll be okay
I'm like craving some kind of really
light soup for lunch so I'm gonna make
this tom yum soup I'm gonna put some
chili in it and some noodles
lunch so I've just been working all day
I've got a bit of headache I just took
the painkiller which I don't often do
but I've got yoga in about 40 minutes
my mum's coming now we're doing it
together she really wanted to try it out
too for relaxation and stuff so it's
gonna be our little thing we're gonna do
together hopefully we both enjoy it that
is well soon see
see oh she's coming to pick me up and
then we gonna go over and do that and
I'll let you guys know how I go
afterwards so I've had an absolutely
shitty afternoon it's an end up going to
yoga long story so I was feeling very
down
Haymitch got home a while ago and which
is watching YouTube and beer just
relaxing it was really like like 8:30
and more like stuff it let's go get a
burger so good at Burger King I was like
I feel like a pineapple burger so what I
get is a Hawaiian beach a chicken with
no meat so it's got you know cheese
marrow pineapple it is it's delicious
it's amazing go there order my burger oh
my gosh get home take a bite of it coz
I'm so excited cuz I don't know if you
guys know I've attained in mating ages
order a beak a chicken with no meat and
then I take a nice bite and it's got
bacon all through it no chicken just a
whole ton of bacon so thank you
Burger King for putting bacon at my
burger what I clearly said no meat and
you guys went to the effort to take out
all the chicken but not the baking
because apparently bacon isn't me and
I'm not saying this to try and get free
stuff from Burger King because I don't
give a shakes I really don't want free
stuff from Burger King I mean it's
friggin cheap I don't give a about
that
I just want to say like please educate
yourself on what meat is because it's
just terrible you know someone asked for
a burger without me probably shouldn't
put bacon in it just saying so we just
watched tons of the killing and now
we're going to sleep what's time baby
edy time 30 I hope you guys liked
today's vlog sorry I wasn't very being
for just worked all day today was a
day but it's okay cuz tomorrow's
Saturday
which is one of the best days of the
week talk tomorrow
