good morning guys so today is Wednesday
it's 9 a.m. I got up a little while ago
haven't done any exercise yet today I'm
gonna take the dogs for a walk later
this afternoon
just cuz I want to get some filming done
this mine the line is so bad like every
morning lately I just don't know what
I'm gonna do but then again I haven't
uploaded a video and the lighting like
as it is and I like posted pictures on
snapchat and people have said that they
look really good side in our hopefully
the Lighting's okay hopefully I'm just
overreacting I dunno um anyways I'm
gonna do a fist impression - and then I
might do like some kind of tutorial or
something I have no idea but I'm gonna
get started I'll talk to you guys in a
bit
I just finished filming so I did and
makeup tutorial whoa something's shining
am i I did a makeup tutorial I used a
whole bunch of products how many be used
before I did a foundation first
impression I used the Urban Decay I love
someone to limb palette today and I used
a new lip color and I also filmed a
what's in my bag video cuz I've been
done one in so long I think it came out
really really well as well so I am so
happy right now
also starving it's one o'clock haven't
had breakfast having a head lunch so I'm
gonna go eat something maybe a bagel
yesterday's bagel was so good and then I
have leftovers for lasagna wait I don't
believe Tiger lasagna for dinner yeah I
say house what they thought was insanely
hot I'm gonna basil so I have balsamic
glazed basil tomato onion avocado in a
tiny bit of that to a foodie cream
cheese what do you feel like doing
do you like to go for a walk Louise the
only one that gets a day look at him
turning her for a walk join her for a
walk yep Kim I mean Kim and Suzy come on
fish go what do you want to go don't
agree the river Hey
what do you wanna go these Sunni go for
a walk - come on let's go let's go
are you ready Zeus are you ready to go
yeah thank you
what's dad doing what's dead doing it's
really messed oh yeah it's also stick
stuck to his feet too fluffy that's a
really nice day sir it's like the
perfect temperature it's not too hot has
it rained lately hasn't really poor
things got such short legs yeah yeah
they're my two favorite boys like idiots
Mayo got something from the wash
Mother's Day 2016 there you go that's
when it's available so there's the rose
at bombshell flower bomb rose petals
rose at salute in rose oil and then of
this lady bird guts geranium oil to aid
relaxation sorry it's not focusing focus
there we go
and then sunrise so packed with the
tangerine or loyalty cleanse in a soft
smoothie core to leave you with
celestially Solis troops I don't know
how to pronounce that soft skin don't
mind how dirty my bath is there's like
dust everywhere I haven't had a bath in
ages so I mean cleaned it but like look
how ridiculous this is look I need to
start giving more baths I think
but luckily winter is coming and that's
when I bought the most oh God let's just
put this one down here got some more
colour-pop I think yeah I met X Philip
II sticks oh my god it's so cute look oh
my gosh this so many color is I mean or
if you guys want like a lip swatch video
that might be easier than showing you in
a vlog
there's so many different shades and
then we have some new met eyeshadows by
makeup geek here's some other colors oh
and some shimmers blue there's so many
pretty one you definitely see me using
some of these init tutorials soon cuz I
love makeup geek eyeshadows there's a
link down below where you can purchase
them if you haven't seen this brand
before they're like really affordable
and like amazing and then last but not
least is some stuff from Mac I'll show
you what I got so I got this Zac Posen
brush just cuz it looked cool it's not
like anything iron it's like a really
small like angled brush and then I got
four of these mineralized skinfinish
--is I think they were from like a
certain collection so this first one is
called faintly fabulous this one here is
called nuanced this one here is called
warm at Rose which looks amazing and
then the last one is perfectly lit
there's just like a really pretty bronze
one so yay I am so it's like 20 weight
yeah it's twenty to eight now I've gotta
wait a couple more hours before I round
up my video just finish up my first
impression and don't know how I'm
feeling about it look how like we're
it's gone can you see that it's not the
best right
so yeah first impression will be up
sometime really soon
I've been really enjoying doing first
impressions lately I've still got so
many I want to do I want to do that
Clinic stick foundation soon as well and
I also want to do I've got like a couple
of dior wines I've got a couple of
Australis ones but so many I need to do
so I'm going to try and do like two or
three a month at the moment and just try
to like get a lot of them out because
people are always requesting them so
it's hard to keep up and I don't want to
do too many at the same time you know
what I mean because I know some people
don't like them
so yeah it's done so is it it's good
what's shoot squares reload
first found me and Hamish were just
saying how we are so jealous of him
right now like have you ever been this
comfy in your entire life no one has
been this company in their life is this
is the most comfy dog ever seen
look at his face it's all squashed you
squashed I think it's impossible to be
more country than that I know he looks
so comfy little toes maybe cut his nails
like you should we cut your nails right
now he's like don't you did
