good morning everyone mm as I walk
yesterday or Saturday afternoon night
because I misplaced my camera I could
not find it and I only just found it
today I've been looking all morning all
morning all weekend I could not find my
camera like oh my god I thought I'd lost
it like I was trying to think as I
haven't taken it anywhere because we'll
go into golf but I got to go of my sight
over my camera
and I was like did I bring my camera
tonight looks and I don't know the
internet being in Hamish's room on like
a little table like under some stuff and
I was like oh my god thank goodness so
I'm really happy about that
it's way to give a vlog up for a couple
days - but is it anything because the
footage was on my camera so there's a
bit of a fail but it's okay to get out
anyway so we're just on the way to the
gym so I'll talk to you guys okay when I
get back home I'm just doing a light
exercise cause I'm not really supposed
to like work out hard cool well I've got
this like my cortisol and stuff so I'm
just going to go easy and just do like
some really light cardio to some like
elliptical like really low resistance
could be a gentle one hopefully that'll
be okay I'm just going to see how I feel
now we're going home put it edit this
morning because I haven't got a video
ready for today no she's like no no
stressing it's okay come when it comes
oh my god I'm have a shower and just an
editing and then hopefully because today
is Anne Tuohy days I'm hoping I can get
quite fun this morning and then go enjoy
the afternoon in the so it's a really
beautiful day today so yeah I'd like to
get some fresh air yeah good morning
good morning hi oh hello there hello
there my boys blow I love you did you
miss me okay here the product yeah only
it looks pretty oily which is really
weird
other than that nothing else is really
changed it hasn't really mattered
anymore exporting now by the way guys I
put everything I wanted in a cart on
Eisenberg's website oh my god there's
like four or five hundred dollars New
Zealand's stupid but like that's why I
haven't clicked check out this has been
sitting in my car since Thursday I just
like hit it up on my screen like
thinking about it and I really want it
but I don't know
so expensive and I've got other skincare
at the moment but I really want the
purifying mask but then I think I have
to use a shipping service to like get
the stock to New Zealand so I'm like I
might as well like go all out so that I
don't have to pay shipping like a
million times if I decide to go back and
get it
then I'm like no that's stupid and then
I don't know I just don't know maybe I
just need to take out one of the
cleanses now I have a mask it's foliated
cleanser and lotion I don't know I
really wanted to try the purifying range
because that's the same as the purifying
mask which is just heaven on it I'm
going to make a decision today guys I'm
going to buy some stuff today I will I
just don't know if I'll buy all of it
because it's a bit silly who else does
this just like add all the stuff your
cart and he was just like that can't do
it not abort mission
close enough but he wasn't messaging in
the golf chat and that's why I message
impersonal
yeah janata me now we're going to go on
a road trip I probably can't hear me
we're going to go to a road on a road
trip to fisherman's table
no reaction let's put in the stuff away
I'm sure now if I save this up on the
counter
okay here we go
hi back a miscue though I know you're so
small he looks so big on camera that's
all like he's got a ESB what's wrong
with your ears No
thanking me did you look at a derby
please once my I got a package the other
day which I forgot to open so I'll show
you now what's inside like busting to
pee right now it's so pretty so we have
look and you brow products because you
guys know how much I freaking love the
brow gel liquid brow liner me and my
 I've got some of them but really I
think I've used them a couple times in
tutorials maybe just my favorite one of
my favorites anyway fit brush mascara um
I do mascara and black magic liquid
liner yeah I just wanna open this one
and see what it is oh my gosh it's like
fibers like I don't know if you guys can
see it's like a fiber powder almost oh
my gosh
I wonder if I should do like a video
trying it out for the first time and see
like what it looks like I don't know if
there to be a fail or not but we could
give it a go good morning everyone
oh it's really sunny bright um so we
just got back from the gym a while ago
it's actually 20 past 10:00 we got that
like an hour ago but we took the car in
to get washed the Porsche was so filthy
like so bad I mean we also like II had
to rescue these two dolls they were like
running around the road again different
ones from last time if you remember
they're my vlog true little tiny dogs
down our street they were like sprinting
around chasing each other on the road
and it wouldn't come to me and which
like kind of chase them home but likely
Hema should actually like chase the same
one time one time so put them back in
the fence but the person wasn't home so
we took a bit later and tell them that
their dogs keep escaping how much told
them last time but they haven't listened
so luckily no puppies got hurt um I'm
really angry we don't really have there
much food we have to get some groceries
later I think I have any like smoothie
supplies like bananas and stuff oh wait
no I do starting to get old but I'll be
on it we still need to get some food we
don't really have that much food and
I've got some mail today I'm going to in
it and I really want to start quite
tidying up my clothes because I want to
get rid of a shit-ton
and I need to figure out what I'm gonna
pick for Vegas in a couple of weeks like
I have no idea what I'm gonna wear so I
need to forget that out today it's a
full-on day like not really it's just
the usual but I've just got lots of
little things I want to get done I got
some stuff from benefit holy crap I'm so
excited this I've seen people on
Instagram using it um like the hula one
I use the hole on the other night when I
lost my camera and it was so good I hope
using this tutorial and then there's
like a highlighter and then I already
got this but like these two and you I
think yeah these were the new ones so
I'm so excited about will signify a
dandelion which puppies Boop so there's
this little dandelion wishes and it's
got a roller lash a dandelion gloss den
lime powder like a small one look how
cute those little tiny brushes so small
the high beam and then the Posie bomb I
like them then this is the dandelion jus
and shy beam the liquid I'm dying these
colors are right up my alley if you know
me like they are my kind of colors so
the left one is the shy beam and the
other one is the dens lime juice so
pretty obviously they're not blended up
but you can see the colors I'm so
obsessed I need to do a tutorial using
them
so this is chocolate protein I just
popped up a ball by the way and it is
spinach banana blueberry matcha tea
green tea powder um and that's it I'm a
milk tastes good and probably one of my
favorite fruits of all time
feed roller I think it might be my
favorite fruit I love these so much
I really want to make food raw my fins
that it's probably a bad idea cuz I'll
eat them all I'm eating vitamins to kill
myself getting a sore throat oh my gosh
it looks so beer groceries it's been
editing all morning now we need to get
some food because we've got nothing to
eat
PlayStation senesce these turn your
games the new erection and Clank and
gravity rush
I love rich in clink I'm so excited I
haven't seen what this is though look
how cute he is
little scrap ball hi
clean except look at this
chipped all through there must be rocks
I'm guessing little chips here in here
so depressing there's one there and one
there and one there so lame just
finished doing some wait for the day
it's 5:30 and I'm gonna make dinner my
craving lasagna so I might make so I did
a lot
I ate it a couple videos emails and a
whole lot of other little bits and
pieces that I needed to do yeah so it's
going good so far still a lots of stuff
to get done tomorrow but it's okay I'm
trying not to like panic try not to
stress I love my handsome dog look at
you look at you for left ball mashmallow
little fluffy little pom-pom ah there
was such a big jump you're so clever
lasagna cheese sauce this is the corn
one spinach some tomatoes black beans
fellows Anya's just resting at the
moment I'm watching some food TV I've
got a massive get rid of pile so now we
still gotta put away all this believe it
or not I've actually got through like a
third of it I also went through like all
of my drawers and I got rid of heaps of
stuff so I'm like halfway done I'll show
you guys what those annual is like so
far YUM salad YUM all done
just need a vacuum now what are you
doing
sweetheart look this beautiful
scarlet Sara I almost forgot to my vlog
again
oh I've also got friggin coconut mask in
my hair right now this color here ones
so hopefully my hair feels good tomorrow
and dominant so long like Tim Diddy
we're going to sleep now I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk
tomorrow
