good morning I forgot to say good night
last night so being seller about to film
we're gonna do Gary at us we're gonna do
what's the other one
what's in my mouth no yeah we can't
think of any other good idea right now
like a lot of stuff like a really good
ideas that people I said touched by
rewarded do them with like more than
just ask to like the whisper challenge I
wanna do it with like three or four
people not just us to I feel like it's
way funnier so yeah and we're not doing
the blindfolded makeup challenge for
just gonna cry now makeup for the day
now in a video and then do those other
two videos yeah but we'll definitely do
the blindfolded one later like maybe we
could do it in Vegas because lots of
people are requesting it too but we just
don't feel like it we did our makeup
look so yeah we filmed it and now we're
gonna go to the supermarket and get some
food for our little what to my mouth
challenge tag things like that's what
we're doing um you probably won't see
much of me and my vlogs are this morning
because we're just filming all morning
so we will talk to you guys later I've
got some mails so I won't open that
later yeah I really like how many makeup
turned out it's pretty by the way on my
eyes I use the BH Cosmetics Shane EXO
palette and then what was it called tea
hot tea time I think by colour pot and
the very center looks so beautiful I
love it
we got mail so me and Sally just
finished filming that what's my mouth
and it was disgusting what is this
Lilly and Zeus from animes to Louie and
so something keep you both well in this
winter for my newest range keep an eye
out for I went to look book online from
May 9th animate spit HQ Thank You
animates I'm so excited
yes but matching jackets so cute it's
kind of too hot right now so it away
it's like boiling hot so they come out
proper I thought this would move oh it
does I don't think so but it's like
milky cleanses cleansing say hello to
our new cleansers light milk and full
cream OSS Beauty so there's a cleanser
there's like a PR Chris Troy yeah it's
really cute and then a cleanser I don't
know what's in here we will I looks like
flat pack furniture but it's really
lightweight I have no idea look
packaging ever Apple such a wearable and
it's not even any like it already just
this huge box look at this
someone's obsessed with the pics
he's like full of my leg stuff he's like
take a photo with me Sully take a selfie
it's really knows the cameras Oliver I
know who poses he's so cute he's like
loving their day hey guys I am in comfy
clothes now we're gonna go take the dogs
for a walk down by the river so excited
it's such a beautiful day let you and
think it was summer it's so hot and just
like perfectly clear it's amazing I
ripped off my false lashes cuz I just
can't be bothered with makeup anymore I
love you just want to wipe it all off
but I also can't be bothered so I'm just
going half-assed yeah Toki is gonna come
for a walk they're being really weird so
just trying to like sit on Louise head
okay hey Lily Lily do you want to go for
a walk doing a go for a walk yes oh god
the wasting will be P they just pay on
everything
yes so as always pretends to pay I'm
like there's nothing coming out I
promise this is Lucis favorite part of
the walk where it gets nice and smelly
here comes sticky luck he's tired good
boy Oh - coach look he's like it's too
cold and they shrink because the water
like makes them oh like shrivel up don't
you did oh my gosh
so me and Sully I was like you have to
try because we're talking about Indian
food the other day I was like you to try
malai kofta it's my new favorite
and she's like oh my god never heard of
it and then tonight she's like I
wouldn't be like so we're getting there
garlic man temporarily lost my camera
it's okay
good morning it is Friday and today I'm
gonna drive with Sully down to
Wellington I've got an appointment for
Sully and then I don't know what we're
gonna do after that we'll just play it
by ear
might do some cleaning around the house
and stuff like clean up some clothes if
we had time I don't know we're in
Wellington and now we're leaving a kid
Ellie just got our lips done look they
look really good looking plastic fitting
I just blogged it for it oh my god this
is so interesting I don't think it's for
me but it like it didn't like I was that
oh my god it looks like horrible but
it's not like it didn't look sortal
either that look she just took it like a
champion yeah if you want to check out
Sully's like lip qat she's doing like a
Q&A and like I filmed like the procedure
so there'll be a new channel soon as
well if you want to go check it out
I reckon if I do continue to get bought
I'll probably go to this place as well
Casey Clinic where is it oriental by
Oriental Bay really yeah the chick who
owns it had so many certificates of like
Botox certification and like horses -
you trained in Australia I asked her
about it she's like yeah be careful we
go cuz a lot of people in New Zealand
don't have the proper like sedate like
training and stuff like they just nurses
and stuff and they don't really do it
that often so I think I'd probably
rather just drive a couple of hours to
Wellington like twice or three times you
know how often I'm gonna need it if I
continue to get it that is I don't even
know yet she does a good job and Sally
so now we're going back to know so now
we're just gonna go back to UM Tommy
I'll probably go Sally my bitter because
her battery's dying got mail we're
watching this weird stuff on YouTube I
don't know how it's happening it's just
like playing through the TV and it's
just like when things leading to another
it's like this one night stand' Gabe I
don't know I mean it's always like I
don't know what's happening but it's
really interesting yeah it's just on
loop he's like scared of this boss who's
opposed hated and then jumped
what is it to yoga mat yes my other yoga
mat like fell apart
yay new Anika sports shower gel yay
yeah nourishing and energized a hundred
percent certified ntral thank you
well leader oh those aching muscles
before and after day exercise my camera
is blinking that's me oh gosh yeah oh my
gosh is it the Ellis collection oh my
gosh please I'm so excited
oh I should I work the way maybe
annoying oh my gosh
look is this an actual book oh my god
this so cool over decay yeah yeah like
it's this like the coolest book I've
ever seen so cool I feel like my cousin
Ainsley would love this and then let's
say so open everything and show you just
sir how to do with one hand they're
light wings like lift up and down when
you open it some reason the dogs like
really intrigued so pretty look at the
artwork these will be eyeshadows so cool
I like that one here's the lipstick the
packaging this first one is called erase
beef it's probably a better way to put
it but that's the color there it's like
a really like hot pink kind of read this
one here is called Ellis it's like a
sheer nude this was med heta a metallic
this one's mirana
I think it's like a docket pass cool
it's got like a metallic finish sorry
it's like not focusing it's the worst
then this one's called time it's like a
deep bluish color good morning sir
isn't really vlog last night I was
reading all the comments from my little
heart-to-heart video and everyone's like
just chill out and I've pretty much been
doing exactly there over the last few
days was Sally while she's being haven't
been blogging a lot as you would have
noticed from this vlog so I'll just see
if she'll like much it all together but
today's Saturday and they were going to
go do some golf or something later I
have no idea we'll do something fun
today but I don't know how much whole
vlog again it's just been really nice
just to kind of put the camera on the
back burner
and just enjoy my time with my friends
you know yeah that's happening I put on
a fresh layer of fake tan this morning
and it feels so good it is so clear
lately I'm like obsessed although I feel
like something's gonna pop up eventually
just here so just like shut the door and
let him chill with it we're just gonna
go buy some brunch we're hungry
is 11 a.m. I don't know what else to do
anytime is still asleep hot
Oh probably I don't understand that
expression yeah he's like banana coffee
smoothies banana coffee banoffee
something like that so good
Sally really wanted to come to came out
because they don't have one in New
Plymouth what you said yeah so I just
hit me a quick look around finishes
reading the guys I'm not coming in oh
Sally had fun and I also got a whole lot
of like cushions and things and a new
dog to it because lillian's is ripped
one up what are you doing hi
