good morning everyone I just had a
shower did a little bit of a fridge fete
time I didn't fit down my legs I was
like I wouldn't film today so I'm just
gonna like faked here my upper half of
my body my arms my chest I didn't even
do my stomach
captain lazy yeah I'm going to do some
filming this morning it's an editing
this afternoon I've got to edit some
photos and stuff as well for you so
beauty I'm not really edit them just
crop them and sort through them all
those photos I took yesterday but an
important email I've just sit down and
reply to which is gonna take a while and
current me what else I'm gonna do what
am I gonna do I can't remember
oh hopefully say okay time to clean my
room hopefully I'm gonna try and do this
kind of makeup today I haven't done a
slippery inspired makeup look in a while
so yeah I'm feeling this - Mikey I hey
guys so I just finished filming here's
my makeup super smoky smoky eyes and I
did a first impression on these so yeah
it better be out sometime soon now I'm
gonna go really take the dogs for a walk
and do some emails and other little bits
and pieces I really have my it
today I'm gonna do some other stuff
before I eat anything and they don't
much like it a vlog or something so yeah
well by the way
bTW my own toys no mom I don't host for
breakfast it was amazing are you doing
little cutie
hey hey you ready you ready to go for
wusses yeah Hamish is just getting a
spine there's been so many break-ins and
pumps t'l slightly like car break-ins
especially at places like this so I
don't like anything but that's what we
should have called them
French home is broccoli salad verse
would you sell it and be true and I
think pumpkin or something yeah so I
just got done editing up my blog for the
dough and I don't know if I see it the
dough police said I was made to have a
blood test this my which I was but I
actually had to get some kills fast so
creepy like I googled it and it's like a
steward or something but my doctors say
this because they're trying to check
like a certain level of something in my
bloodstream and so they're like spiking
head why something like that to like you
have to figure out what's what if it
makes things I don't know there's time
at midnight so we never stopped midnight
yeah not forget similar on my phone so
hopefully I don't forget and then I've
got a blood test in the morning and I
think I've got to go to another one and
Sally's coming tomorrow I'm so excited
to see I haven't seen her in so long
it's been way too long it's been like
the longest Sally withdrawal I've ever
had in my life since we have known each
other it's being too long anyway I've
got some parcels so she'll open him know
how well did you enjoy your walk before
yeah he's been asleep because he got so
tired
Hey yum yum so lucky mm-hmm
where's my other bag Lily Lily are you
are bid interesting it's so hot why are
you in there Fiona nice yeah mmm YUM I
actually had a massive portion of this I
was like holy why am I so hungry
and I looked at the time and I was like
oh that'll be why it's 4 o'clock almost
what do you know
so the first package is some stuff from
Ifrah and i can only assume that these
are the mini mui colors let me just open
them up it doesn't say so but I'm 99%
sure they are so there is a charge on
the very left Aries and then hypno the
colors are super pretty more of those
really nice more be pink tones that are
really on
trained at the moment I'm not gonna
struggle finding a good purpley movi
pink anytime soon
nice stuff I was seeing some stuff for
my network to try if I want to and I'm
really excited I really do it's they
want to it's a new product these are
like like color treatments like
temporary ones so there's like a violet
and then a blue and then this lightening
bleach I guess if you need bleach but I
think I do cuz I've got one here so
those would be super fun to play with it
or know what color I want to try though
let me know what color you think I
should try and then I got some thickest
stuff please excuse if you can hear a
truck in the background skippin is
getting taken away dear Shannon be
beautiful be bright define your light
with a shimmering skin perfecter
collection I love shimmering skin
perfectors I probably got the molarity
yep is opal and I was a support one in
opal I think I might actually hit that
as well and we have a liquid one and oh
boy it was like the primal one and then
last but not least you have a gift from
melt cosmetics oh look at that box hi
Shannon these goodies were made a few
thank you for inspiring us oh thank you
so much I'm actually like a massive
massive fan of the owners of this brand
I follow them on Instagram they're so
amazing like this so badass
and they makeup looks are just
incredible I've actually been inspired
so much by their makeup so I'm so
excited so they weren't it's to me some
stuff a lot of like just like the
packaging so we have a melt stick and a
committer and then we have the lovesick
oh my gosh look at this key ring oh that
is adorable it says melt on it okay I'm
trying to get it to focus but my camera
is like flipping out there we go oh my
god I died and we have sixth catsuits
laced and nerd thank you so much melts I
just finished is he a vlog and some
beauty images like I said I was gonna do
it's it's a clock now and I'm hungry I
don't know what I'm doing for dinner
tonight
they
watching today's about or I was watching
some movie looks like a good morning
over to the hospital
now getting some food I feel sick a is
what was that noise
given hey guys I'm home now just ran out
for some food because I did not feel
good at all so I went and got my blood
test I'm on myself because my mom had to
get some tests done as well
and so she was going who's done and then
the lady came so I need you to do girls
like now because it needs to be done at
night and I was like okay sweet winning
by myself and they're like he's like oh
how are you with blood taste ah not so
good getting better slowly just okay
like you'll be buying like blah blah and
just trying to make my model but she was
being really nice so I sit there and she
was like all right here we go and then
she was just talking me show so I'm at
my taters and stuff in the majesty of
Thailand like staring at the wall and I
was just like a silent crying I was like
it done crashing and it's fine but yeah
it's just like I couldn't even control
my face just like and they took like six
vials or something crazy and I was like
well to some people that might not be
crazy I don't know to me it was because
usually only get a couple and my whole I
was like in pain still like it's so numb
like my whole frickin arm went numb when
they took on the bloody I'll say this is
taking so long compared to normal and in
my face is like anyway I got home and
I've got some mail Sally's coming later
this afternoon I'm so excited to see her
so you're not open this mail Lin just
get a few bits of work done this morning
so that later on we can just catch up on
the Goss and chill and hang to get that
and then tomorrow we're gonna probably
like film and do some work and then
Friday we're gonna go to lunch and so
yeah all very exciting so the first
thing here is a carrion mirror with lip
balm - thank you for that and then these
two boxes are identical yeah my manager
helps me get my hundred thousand
youtuber thingy each and every person
who has subscribed to your channel was
touched by what you did they were
inspired or challenged or entertained
you made it to this milestone with hard
work perseverance and chance to help a
sense of humor what you've accomplished
can't be taken away from you and we'd
like to recognize you and all yardwork
with a silver play button a small token
of our esteem and respect like how
special is that it's actually amazing so
I'm guessing the one underneath as one
as well because
both of my channel was hit 100,000 a
while ago oh my gosh it's so cute
actually
this sounds horrible but I actually
prefer the sites because I'll actually
be able to like mount it on a wall or do
something with it when I figure out
where I want it of course my other one
like this one is so light like this one
is just like a normal light picture
frame this bad boy here hice dusty I
need to dust him this one here like I
reckon that's probably like 20 kilos or
something ridiculous maybe not too many
but like close to it so heavy hey I
think it's because it's got like gold
and like this frame is so heavy yay oh
my gosh this makes me so happy it's so
cool I'm so happy that I got it because
like for some reason I think I had a
hundred thousand before they did these
all I don't know how it worked but like
I never got one now it's just kind of
like Oh like I'd really love one cuz
it's just such a cool you know like
token of my you know career I guess I
don't know thank you so much to all my
subscribers I couldn't do that without
you late lunch for me me and Hamish
winnin gave old dog bits the SPCA and
dropped off an old car battery it's
super cheap and got some sushi YUM
avocado sushi I can't find out with sabe
though cuz like this is not enough
I love wasabi yeah you so celli's don't
know where I've just tied it up a little
bit it is full 52 I'm uploading a blog
now I need to vlog now so I've dated
heaps of photos on XO beauty and I also
what else did I do oh I did emails and
now I've got to get a visa for America
cuz I'm going to America next month so
need a visa boys cannot get in the
country I just clicked export on
tomorrow's vlog look how cute and silly
just turned up look who I found
just found me on the side of the road
baby we're going to Lone Star
John's in the front - what's the strong
I think the vision thing was what those
sort of things big thing to like
introduce yeah well we can have anything
for I like ultrasound I used to hate red
wine white wine bit Brown bit pink what
but thanks to everyone dance Elio get
any fries your skin
