hello there it is aka Friday for me
castara is the day off because we're
going it tonight yeah I just it doesn't
makeup tutorial for my amethyst look I
love it
I love this shiny in a corner pot the
lighting is tuning to garbage to be
honest thought I'd take a few selfies
quick leave my Instagram and then gonna
try and convince Hamish to take me out
to lunch but good luck um anyway I'll
bring you along with me
got everything calendars to open later
to try go for a walk to her for walk
know you dog I mean fine aren't ya I'll
just go with that year she's excited oh
these people that's why I'm taking them
down here so they can go on the girl
who's it on the grass silly hi your big
horses skinny cat Ben is little
Tootsie's so this doesn't seem to mind
the concrete he's not going on the grass
no way
can I hit you will you bite me okay I
love cats they literally look like big
dogs big dogs
oh yeah eyelashes
hey that doesn't like you good one chase
away what are you doing it's docked so
this is now being forced to walk on the
lead because he's dumb
look at how angry he is because he's
dumb and keeps looking on the concrete
when it's too hot for him he just
follows him around because he doesn't
like walking the long grass the river
silo today so puffed so using your
puffed be done Hey
it's like I'm fine I'm trying to pack
and I just can't find anything I like
and then heaps of stuff it's just
and then heaps of stuff I try on and I'm
like is this a onesie for like babies
that they've just made an adult-sized
like just terrible clothing but I've got
some pictures from misguided and white
folks that I got so hopefully there's
something in there I also tried it one
of my places I brought from ik license
an Auckland like you saw on one of my
previous vlogs and it's got the security
tag on it and not too embarrassed to go
it like back into Glassons and get
removed because I don't have the receipt
so they'll be like did you steal this no
I got my period today
this explains of my mood over the last
couple days a little my various diet you
guys have to watch my next vlogs because
I'm gonna go see coats I'm so excited
it may be pigs I've got such a bad lip
right now I've got the scissors it's
like the third time I've walked back and
forth sure oh no this has seemed to me I
didn't buy this new eyewear that's right
I think this is on white oh my god I
think these are on a white fox Boutique
cooler so how do we think you pronounces
though folks though I don't know these
they smell really good yes you get the
Sunny's from white folks boutique and oh
my god I want the yellow pistoi bed I'm
obsessed
yes
if money we're about to leave for MAPE
yeah / like that you know Larry I don't
you know whoever said it snaky Hastings
or what but I'm gonna take you with me
I'm very like a reed today let's Jake
it's from super a by the way
temples rippln by the way yesterday
afternoon I liked what I was picking
hello it was like vlogging my camera
ended up under the duvet cover and then
I forgot to take it out the nurse so me
and him is just went to space and he got
would you get was like ginormous steak
it was like 300 grams doesn't sound like
much ok the 600 it came it was like a
dinosaur Lee it was so funny
and I got the raw veggie salad which is
just like my staple I get from the every
single time it was really good and then
we basically just came home hamish wind
and fit a friend's cat and then I did
him luck and there was our night so I
just kind of forgot to vlog and I forgot
to open my friggin editing calendar so
I've got plenty to open Sunday night /
Monday when we get back home so you're
basically this weekend we're going to
make you want freedoms and we just stay
in a place together and I think tomorrow
we're gonna go to a winery and I don't
know we're just gonna like hang out and
just enjoy
for Christmas so it should be really fun
and hopefully I remembered of luck and
by the way if you're wondering what my
highlighter is exclusive make so beauty
so glowy can you see the dogs my bed
what I bought a hat it's good tomorrow
and I bought I'll show you later we're
trying to find somewhere for some food
before you're gonna arrive because your
ass is a while left
so we're in I hear at the moment Tom way
this swimming forgetting towns around
here wolf Bay tasting are we okay so
we're going to a tasting stuff I love
this area though it's so sunny Jamie
Kaler is taking us to trade this place
the filter room love not show them this
fist after the other night remember at
Brigham at Country Club and they didn't
have them anymore you know what I'm
gonna Papa's and I'll say sorry we've
run out and I'll be like yeah show them
love you yes I got fruit trees like an
orchard
this isn't orchard this Mikayla hi what
else weakening I'm so what do you want
to get thanks I want min lodge
yeah shrews get fries events in wait
until we get the planet oh yeah no but
you have to get jalapeno poppers so you
did plan it and helping up all this
because I don't care what else we get I
won't have a thing I thought this yeah
that's fine you can still give it yeah
and we got a plate up so you can always
just get some mussels feature as well
holy look at my status hundred $40 Plata
oh that's why look it's Rebs it's so
expensive is there anything else you've
just got a system
yes ginger beer you'll like that
McKellar is like captain ginger beer
ginger ale yes address it's over here
some early look inside of that looks
good too like damn it ripped off Makayla
see that the ginger beer is amazing just
vodka alcoholic donkeys Bob I love my
fit off I love to date thing Rios so
yeah it doesn't taste
the thought is no burning Cola Hamish
what has he been Nicola yep yeah quite
is that like this like the new kids new
kids crazy
do you like Pilsner is that the one you
do like or don't like
try to watch anything okay which is what
you normally get you don't get them a no
no this is rich you're like not in full
college
alright that's alcohol frito gonna get
the really crippled coffees a period
period of tomato these like the chopped
up I really like the proper ones though
that are like a chili and then they put
this cheese inside they're my favorite
but they still looking and I'll get to
ate most of them cuz you guys don't like
them oh yeah Hamish like the size of
that it'd be a good nail selfie look
like matches great farmyard zoo it's not
actually as oh don't worry it's a fun
way have a seat I mean cool other areas
now that you've got his attention
oh yeah you don't know so what are you
looking forward why are you looking
forward to feeding the mice behind you
just doing it I guess
do you guys wanna picture
probably not in the best spot here just
waiting to get kicked he's got us tape
that when you pin him
what does he not listen to you it
doesn't want to exercise these weird
sounds are you gonna give them some food
some really good it's just like it's a
new style just call me parmigiano
shannon's now feeding the wrong llama
you didn't even pay him back you're the
worst trainer ever you have to give your
once a as well
I know tip it up he wants to shotgun it
shotgun the whole container is the lasso
peda oh he feels like a breath like a
brain
now why do you rub yourself amok because
you need it Oh trying grabba now just
hold it you just drop it all Lots half
of the bids to throw it into the pit
what everyone else is Slobodan you yeah
the other hand better like shorthand
better Kelly say buddy obvious friend
you're about to get a text why you do it
yeah they don't live in these pins by
the way this place is actually really
good bye it's huge Pettit hello
he just had a burger but he was enjoying
it so much it was really cute yeah you
gave me a bigger bunny it hit is he'd
like tossed back in there he's just
chillin a is like yes lazy day actually
I would have featured but I used it Mike
:
I'm sorry I'm sorry okay didn't mean to
I love you too he's like give me another
burger me oh my gosh this is a circle
