good morning today it's a big cleaning
day so I just woke up like 20 minutes
ago it's half past 9 I hit a bit a
little bit a little bit of a sleep in so
we're gonna start cleaning the shed and
then because I'm gonna get rid of hips
of like little knickknacks and ornaments
and stuff but instead of throwing them
away I'll donate them to like a
secondhand shop or so in Salvation Army
or something something something I don't
know where wherever we'll take them just
before throwing them away because you
know someone might like them somewhere
out there there's the shed and then
we'll move into the house and get rid of
all of the junk so yeah it's like a big
spring and cleaning day I'll show you a
few before-and-afters as we go haven't
showered yet I'm not gonna shower until
after we've finished cleaning because
there's not much point because it's
gonna be hard work and then tonight
we've got every layer with friends so
there'd be really really fun look at
this mess see like all of this was like
old fencing and stuff like it's not as
bad as it looks a lot of stuff just
needs to be put away up on the shelving
and things but yeah time to get started
look at this is it so much cleaner
there's so much junk someone's taking
out all the free and alcohol have the
boxes ah suitcases looks so much better
now
lots of room for the rangy to go in next
door to the Porsche
although the Porsche has to go over a
little bit more probably because the
Range Rover is like it missive I'm just
making some avocado on toast cuz I'm
starving a man in no day it is almost
white now it's just gone 3 o'clock we've
done most of it I still needed to clean
up my clothing and I think we need to
check out some of our old old old gross
cushions in the meantime I got a package
from nume so there's a little envelope
with my name on it and this little qoj
um dara Shannon please enjoy the
enclosed gift without best wishes
sincerely the new me teen megastar
handcrafted with 2800 Swarovski crystals
oh my goodness let's have a look look at
this oh my goodness it's beautiful they
did say like we send you a gift you
don't have to use it it's fully
functional but it's more decorative
I can't use if I won't budge on off I
will because it's so pretty look at it
oh my gosh so spoiled Thank You new me
chilli epic Otto onion end to matter
time for some makeup I can't really find
any good lighting in the house right now
my lipstick is color pop I think it's
got a little stitches or something my
lashes and you make so beauty ones
coming soon they're so good flattery I
love them so much
see ya that so I've got on it and then
I've got accord
it's the Paint Pot that I used in my 90s
makeup tutorial on my main channel on my
lid and then just of my brows using some
or by Illamasqua looked really weird in
this lighting like the I was like
taking over there you go
you can see the shape better there the
lighting is like really bad then I've
got the purple pop blush by Clinique my
highlight is a secret my contour is
hoola my foundation is Maybelline what's
it called certain or Mabley L'Oreal I'll
go check
Maybelline fit me met and poreless
foundation see I think that's all the
important parts what am i I browse looks
like weird do they look like this in
real life
no that aren't by pfizer see you
tomorrow
just good I'll see you in a couple hours
I'll be back soon don't rip up the
carpet don't destroy the house bye
and we're also closeted without line
mouth with his pink Moscato so manly
good morning everyone so it is Monday
and didn't vlog yesterday I gave myself
a little bit of a day off just a little
over me day did some face masks watch TV
played games on my phone a little bit of
reading watch the movies with Hamish it
was amazing it was the bits of never see
it just completely relaxed I did still
put up a vlog in the morning but you
come from there so yeah now it is Monday
I'm gonna go put up a video for today
I'm just gonna do a bloopers finally
because I was gonna do one like a week
or two ago and then I didn't and then
people were like do it bleep is dope
loop is sir I'm doing that one today
nice and easy and then I'm going to edit
another beauty video in a vlog I'm gonna
start off my day with a cup of that
matcha green tea because I'm really
craving greens here don't know why and
then I'll probably take the dogs for a
walk in a little bit when it's like not
so busy outside it's 9 o'clock right now
we're cut like an hour ago but the roads
are usually quite busy this time of
morning with everyone going to work in
school and stuff so just wait a bit and
then get a dog for walking a bit and
yeah maybe hopefully I'll be able to get
some expert view photography done I've
got some brushes that I have to sign
today and send it back to my factory in
Italy some new brushes I'm so excited so
I might show you them later as well just
so you know what's coming soon they are
being made right now so they still take
a while they are hand made so they are
not the fastest to get made but it is
worth it because the quality is so much
better I'm not gonna eat just yeah I
might make a smoothie after I put up
today's video I'm just feeling a little
bit weird at the moment it gets cuz I'm
an exercise it's like throwing me off of
it I was taking a little bit of a break
from the gym since they're high cortisol
stuff you know doctor and then it
suggests that I should just
take it easy like yoga light walks stuff
like that so that's what I'm going to
take the dogs for a nice long walk later
on they'll love it too so it's a win-win
situation but yeah I do feel a little
bit weird not like busting my ass and
getting my heart rate up real high but
that's just life I just need to learn to
relax a little bit and try and fix
myself before pushing my body too hard
again you know yeah that's the plan for
today oh it's really hot later look how
cute he is
such a lucky pup look how he messes up
with the pillow so he can sit on them
he's such a princess frustrating though
he does the same to like these like
benches we have out here here like
blankets
I don't know what not blankets they're
like what a bit like a why I go out
there and I say him and he's just like
rearranging the whole pillow I'm like oh
yeah you're normal just it is at the
description of menu video hey guys I
just spent the morning it is saying it's
now when p.m. almost and I'm gonna go to
take the dogs for a walk I did have
breakfast I just hit a couple bits of
Vegemite on choice no Marmite on toast
just want to get some fresh air and a
little bit of light exercise in it quite
a nice day like it's a little bit windy
but the sun's out nobody come home and
do some extra beauty stuff and some
other stuff and it added a vlog still
I'll probably do that first I don't know
we'll see today's a very chill day he's
getting lots of little jobs done the
video I either said was a clubbing get
really with me slash not clubbing it was
that look from a couple weeks back for
my friend's 21st but I'll probably do is
call it I hate clubbing get read with me
because I was like doing clubbing style
make up a distinct gone clubbing why am
I even like explain this this is such a
pointless topic hey misha's jacket is a
dress on me so comfy though alright I'm
off Louie soos time throw book come on
come on okay yeah this is like yeah I'm
kind of tired maybe not maybe not today
is this I ready to go let's go hey just
got home listen to that little Pinter
look at the Penta skevur drink of water
come on sangre hi this hill bully oh my
gosh he was a bit difficult today so I
just went for a walk around the block so
that was for Kay's and we did that with
them and an hour see even then my heart
rate was on a hundred and thirty five
recordings my Fitbit this could be wrong
I don't know I don't know how I threw it
there but anyway so basically like it
Zeus he's good on the leash like we've
trained him on the leash since he was a
tiny little puppy since he got all of
his vaccinations and everything so like
he's good on the leash he just hates it
because if isn't obviously once we
trained them we try to take him to like
dog parks into the river and stuff so
they can really run it around and sniff
things and pay on things like do what
dogs love to do play with other dogs and
let you know whatever socialize so like
we go the river a lot and like in
Oakland we used to go to like a dog park
near our house and it was like honestly
like my favorite place no claim in what
it was called I know where it is my
Karan boss Gordo caramel bought the
suburb is that it was that but there
were so many dogs there so it's lived
for that place we took him all the time
anyway so like as soon as I get the
lashes out and the collars out so this
is like a cotton though soon as I get
the leash out like he's like out of this
color cuz I always have a color in leash
with me and windward you know hopefully
she areas but as soon as I like leash
him straight away at the door he knows
that we're just walking around the
suburbs and he hates it like I think he
enjoys getting out of the house because
it's something to do but he just he was
being so difficult
he was soaking like he was like dragging
behind me I was like come on Zeus and he
was just soaking like he was walking but
he was not trying and he was looking at
me in the eyes I could just tell he was
like mum take me to the river he was not
happy it's quite funny and then there
was like a jackhammer down the street
and he did not want to go anywhere near
it
it's like hooks like come on sirs come
on it's okay and it was like starting to
walk backwards he was like nah I'm not
going that way I'm not going near that
noise and then Zeus was paying on
something I mean lo he came along to pay
on the same thing and Louis paid on Zeus
so that was a good adventure as well
hastily
yeah I went to a little off leash areas
well took them for a bit of a run so
they're happy
and I am happy I feel good that I've
done a little bit of movement today who
don't feel good if I don't you know on
the weekend it's okay and what it's the
weekend during the weekdays if I don't
exercise I just feel like
look I really do so I feel better now so
I'm gonna go do some photography stuff
and then I'm going to edit a block and
then hopefully I'll get some time later
to start cleaning out my room and
putting away some clothes and stuff
I felt so nauseous earlier as well like
a pelt so sick house later I feel asleep
but then I remain bitch today is like
the first well yesterday was like the
first day of Shark Week though it was
like you know really low-key and not
quite happening yet you know what I mean
and today is like the first day dude
hello : hello and I was like why do I go
cycling with a headache and that's why
I'm getting so many pimples like this
one there and there's another one
somewhere here like on my jaw and in
here cut my under-eye circles oh my gosh
last night we stayed up so late
we were watching horror movies and like
Netflix and stuff and until like he was
like 1 o'clock which is really like me
like I tried to go to be normally on at
work and I at like 10 o'clock leaving
o'clock at the latest because I tried to
get a lot of sleep in the I wake up at
like see Ben didn't they today I woke up
at like 8:00 cuz I was just like
I did I put the bun in the other I'm
just editing a blog right now I'm like I
was just watching some footage of like
unboxing like I'm voting to make happen
it reminded me like I've seen so many
people get really upset at me in the
comments lately because I'm not excited
enough or like thankful for like the
free stuff I get to see it and of course
I'm excited and of course I'm super
thankful like it's amazing I get to try
out so many cool things if you have to
remember like in the past when I've
gotten really excited about free stuff
like comment is like people watching my
videos stacking really angry mainly like
oh my god you're just like saying it's
good because it was free like what I
worry about
so it's like a double-edged sword like
if I don't sound excited enough well
thankful enough people are like oh my
god she was so ungrateful but then if I
get too excited into hippy about
everyone's like oh my gosh you're like
breaking or like oh my gosh you're just
saying that cuz it was free like you
know like I cannot win like just now I
am very thankful like it's just hard for
me to balance how how like I'm supposed
to react because I'm very reserved in
that aspect because in the past I've
been hated on for it so I don't want to
stand there jumping up and down you know
I am excited like I love it it's awesome
and I'm really thankful I just know I
put it out there like come one it's now
10 plus 5 and I'm all done for the day
I'm just uploading a new vlog now it's
just - it's like 80 percent or something
I don't know what we're gonna do for
dinner oh my goodness we've got feed
rollers Hamish is making me toasties
what flavour
pineapple onion and cheese yeah I'm
gonna sleep now we've just been watching
YouTube tonight I've got really really
really bad Krampus I much o told you
guys tomorrow
