good morning I just showered it's about
quarter past eight I've got to the
doctor's appointment
I'll go leave home at about quarter past
and half past 10:00 I didn't go to the
gym today what I'm going to do is just
do a little bit work this morning forget
time but also I want to film like an
everyday makeup tutorial as well so I
should probably start doing there very
soon because if I went to the gym I'd be
cutting it very close so I just decided
to take the day off today instead it's a
very important doctor's appointment
today so I'll keep you updated I'm quite
excited to go and also nervous should be
good good to get some answers my skin is
breaking out like absolute crazy it's
really weird I think it's because I'm
about to get my period no what's that
it's a but oh it's time to wake up now
I'm gonna miss I know no mum come on
you got that cups hmm yeah such a
crybaby look at that come on it's time
to get up it's time to wake up come on
he's like put mum I hit the hiccups I've
just put some dry shampoo in my hair and
I'm just going to open a package I just
got a package sorry well but the dry
shampoo doesn't smudge it I'll show you
what's inside so here's what's inside we
have a fiction dark spot corrector serum
even its contain healthy radiance and
then a moisturizing long-wearing
lipstick the winds are so like the
zooming around the house right now
I'm just like this is the packaging I
don't think I have any Clarence lipstick
doesn't even know they did lipstick so
this is in 7 1 1 papaya and that's the
color there I like the shape of the
bullet what are you doing
hello no this is not for you this is
favourite toys of the rid twice hey
let's that learn any light so that went
over there and that one on the ground
over there look at all the toys
everywhere we're having a massive tidy
up this weekend I think I told you guys
we don't skip them for a while like old
like fencing and stuff because it's
cheaper than taking it to the dump and
then we're just gonna get rid of like
I'm just gonna package I've heaps of
like knickknacks I have lying around
that I don't want probably donate them
to like the Salvation Army or somewhere
random I don't know I got another one
yesterday - I almost forgot some stuff
from redken we have a curl refiner what
is this is it like a leave-in
moisturizing coat defining primer
curvaceous CC sea spray ringlets Pyro's
lotion and curvaceous full of swirl
cream serum so this range is for people
with curly hair
I wonder if I can use it feel like
curling my hair though I don't know I
have to experiment I suppose alright my
makeup is done that used to mesh so tell
it on my eyes and then all my lips is a
little stitches by colour-pop ultra
stating here's my eye makeup it's just
like a really pretty like shimmery
everyday kind of look I used to like a
rose gold color I love this look so yeah
I filmed it cuz you guys have been
asking me to do like everyday kind of
look using the BH Cosmetics I don't know
what I want to do as well so I might do
that in like a couple of months or
something but that's how that one looks
so now I've got to go put on some hints
and leave and get to the doctor I'm
going with my mom because she's gonna go
in - yeah by the way people that hate on
me for going to the doctor with my mum
she's my mum I want her to come with me
when it's like anything to do with like
my health and stuff she's my mom okay
like she makes me feel better
she's my mom that's why I take you to
the doctor with me people are like oh my
god you can't even go to the doctor by
yourself I'm like well yeah I can but I
don't want to so I'll show you my outfit
quick my glass and shoes don't worry the
pile of clothes out there this weekend I
need to organize heaps of clothing whoa
his we're doing the big house clear up
I've just got to make lots I need to put
some in bags to donate so these jeans
here from a sawsan and this top is just
to pray and then wearing my little
schw√∂re off ski crystal Nicholas Hamish
got me hey do when he come to the doctor
no he don't
these jeans are like the tightest jeans
of life they are like stuck to me a
sauce does really really good Jane so
does misguided dr. time I'm back home
now I got some stuff from the greenhouse
some salad this is my favorite salad
place so this looks like Milan and this
is Hamish is I usually get a lodge
because if three options three options
and then there's like leftovers flake
snacks and stuff later on it's so good
I got a beetroot salad and then like a
raw slaw I think it was called and then
a roast BJ yeah mmmm
hi hi puppies hello I got some more mail
cute box they think it's for them cute
notebook and spot treatment and skin
care it's a cute package this candle it
smells really good no it smells like it
smells very fresh though so I thought I
would talk about how I win at the doctor
maybe some of you guys going through the
same kind of thing as well I'm only just
learning about it but basically like
I've been having health problems ahead
with her health problems for at least
the last year varying things just like
terrible stress my skin pisses me off
Aloha and it's like it's not a major
part of it but terrible energy terrible
sleep terrible blurry eyesight bloating
white gain what else
bad concentration irritability and stuff
like that especially in the afternoon
just being like not able to focus on
what I meant to be doing in the
interesting frustrated because have to
work and then pushing through and just
working really hard and just basically
screwing up my body and being stressed
all the time and stuff been to lots and
lots of doctor visits lately
got like b12 shots which took the edge
off ashore made me a little bit more
energetic and everything that still
wasn't feeling right and then just like
bloating and like I have said in the
past I'm not trying to like lose weight
or anything like that but I was just
worried about my weight because like I'm
just holding like all of this bloat and
weight in my stomach and I notice that
my muscles weren't like how do I put it
like I wasn't putting on any mass away I
used some body like scales and stuff
like this and like trick my boy fat and
my muscle wouldn't stuff like this so I
like working out of the gym you know
like no muscle mass was changing or
anything and my body fat percentage was
going up my weight no matter what kind
of like doesn't matter if I was eating
healthier if I was eating drunk for
anything it like wasn't really to do
with what I was eating or anything it
was just like my body was just holding
weight in really weird places and stuff
really strange so you went to the doctor
got mobilities more blood to squabble
Hajus and then eventually my doctor
realized what it was it's like high
cortisol and it's not related to a
adrenal fatigue and all of this other
stuff but he wants me to get some more
tests just to make sure I don't have any
lights or growths or you know anything
ladies can't shrink your things like
it's very unlikely electrodes just out
about it just get the blood test done
and then we can go from there so I've
got to get small blood tests just to
make sure nothing is wrong with there
but yeah I've done a lot of research
into high cortisol when it's like boom
that's it and like a lot of it because
it's not really like a disease or
anything it's something you can manage
but it's like you know they're like oh
stop stressing so much and all of this
are oh yes it's hugely to do with stress
and like adrenal fatigue it's pretty
much like you're pushing yourself way
too hard and then like your adrenal
adrenaline and your body like your just
going going going going going cuz you
don't have a moment to like relax and
you know so your body's producing all of
this like adrenaline feeling rushing
stuff and your body's just getting
exhausted pretty much and putting a lot
of stress on your body and that's better
than I was happening so I don't know
what I'm gonna do with myself
I know I'm too busy I know I do too much
and it's really like it's kind of
hitting home now like it's all fine
saying like I'm stressed but when it's
actually like affecting your whole
health in such a massive way
it's kind of scary so yeah I'll be
getting those blood tests really soon
I've got to do like all this weird stuff
I've got to take like this medication
stuff at night and then get like a blood
test first thing this morning and then
if all those come back clear it means I
think you dude if it comes to it clear I
have to go get some scans
I can't even ball which way it is or if
it's a bit on like your skin's bad
enough and then if everything comes back
clear I just have to keep trying to
manage the stress and everything sleep
more avoiding refined sugars which I try
not to have too much refined sugars it's
more like the junk food and stuff where
I have that kind of thing and I really
have too much sugary you know ice cream
lollies or anything like that very often
but I still like junk food and stuff
which will have it in but would have
been cooking at home don't really add
anything like that but I'll continue to
try and not do too much refined sugar it
was quite funny like I just got home and
my friend Kelly changed me in one of
Jillian lobbies articles on their
Facebook page and I think it's Libby
wrote is there like two New Zealanders
they did like heats of health posts and
I follow the moments cream and stuff
they're really really inspirational and
she wrote a blog post all about all this
I got my god it's like a sign but I was
just reading her blog post and she was
saying about her experience at up I
think which was at university you know
like people at university pushing
themselves your heart like standing up
all night doing this doing that
non-stop lifestyle and then on the
weekends boom straight into it like
drinking with friends socialising like
never having a moment to stop and
breathe and just too much stress too
much going on and she was going on about
like just the same stuff as me like you
know working out really really really
hard it didn't matter what you ate like
working out hard and then you just put
on more and more weight or like you put
on more and more bloating I was like
that is me like it doesn't matter what
I've been doing it's just like being a
steady like not like a big jump just
like steady you know I like do Lulu and
it's just so frustrating it's like why
is this happening I was like oh maybe it
just goes like you know I eat junk food
in right now and then I go out to eat
what do you better like I know that it's
not good for me bla but like I thought
maybe it's like you know maybe I'm not
young anymore so like my body's just
screwed up and like my metabolism slowed
down and everything but yeah your
metabolism is directly related to the
cortisol as well I'm pretty sure so fun
time
so yeah so just relate a bit to this
address and as soon as I can just learn
to unwind and you stop exercising so
hard outs I don't know what I'm gonna do
maybe just do walks at the gym and what
the dogs do golf and stuff rather than
cycling and rather than running or going
on their look to cool
hardcore you know no weight training or
anything like that such a process so
many of you guys have been through this
yourselves please give me like you know
tell me stuff tell me what helped you
it's all good and well people saying
like oh just don't be so stressed it's
like how put so much going on my life
all the time and like all of these
amazing opportunities being thrown at me
and I'm just I want to do the more that
I don't like some people have been
asking like oh why do you never go on
these call events you know where the
other youtubers go overseas and blah
blah blah and this is why it's too
stressful for me like him it's pre film
like I do get off it but it's just a
mission you know like flying across the
world cuz New Zealand so far away and
then pre filming and working while I'm
over there and just everything it's so
stressful for me and it's just sometimes
like it's not worth it like I would love
to go and just socialize and meet people
but sometimes it's just not worth the
amount of like pressure it puts on me as
well but I am going on a trip actually
next month with Sully don't know if I've
told you I think we're going to Vegas so
I'll be going there and we're vlogging I
will I will be vlogging for you and
it'll be really fun um and I'm going on
a trip I think to Fiji later this year
of something but yeah and just try not
to do too much at once and it's hard for
me because I am such a busybody like if
I take 12 minutes to do something lazy I
just feel lazy you know and I feel
guilty and I'm like I should be doing
this or that or whatever it is it's like
in my mind I just don't let myself relax
and I don't let myself you know be lazy
I think it's good to be lazy sometimes
and just have some me time well you know
even if I go over bath I'll like be in
the bath and I'll be sitting like oh I
should be doing this or I'll get on my
phone I'll start doing emails and stuff
but it's just like I'm healthy and I say
it's myself and I know how bad I am
but like changing my habits is like a
whole nother story it's so
how many times do I cry my blocks it's
so emotional though like it's so
annoying why can't I just be healthy he
said a high quarter so it's like a
really common problem though that's why
I wanted to talk to you about it because
you know if other people are going
through the same kind of problems and
symptoms and staff or anyone else's
dealt with this please help me because I
know I'm not the only one like
especially in this day and age like
everyone's busy all the time like
everyone is just you know trying to make
a living trying to get stuff done
looking after their kids and their
family doing things you know are like
trying to have a social life and trying
to catch up with friends you know trying
to hang out with friends regularly and
try to make maintain relationships and
just it's just such a fast-paced life so
I'm just like I should just move to
friggin like the middle of nowhere and
live on a frigging farm and just like
grow corn maybe that'll help
maybe then I won't feel so sick all the
time I such is life speaking of going
out for dinner though we're going out
tonight as well I'm gonna go out with my
momma take her out for dinner tonight
with a mesh and just chill out now I
think tomorrow we're going out for
dinner as well we're doing a BYU Oh God
this is so stupid I hate it I just feel
like all the time and I feel
bloated and like when I travel it makes
it like even what I was like when I
travel to Australia my body was just
like what my entire face was like huge I
was like ah like I'm just so bloated and
like I feel dizzy and like can't see
straight and it's just terrible when I'm
so scared as well about next month like
not being have to get LASIK and stuff
I'm so worried like hopefully it all
goes okay positive thinking it's gonna
go well I'll get it done
you have to see better it's gonna be
amazing positive thinking all right time
to be positive from now on I've had my
little cry I knew I'd be upset talking
about this because it's so personal you
know a lot of people that watch my
videos are not nice like you can you
guys know if you're one of the nice
views or not but I mean there are a lot
of people that watch my vlogs that hate
me for some reason so I'm sure I'll hear
all about it soon everyone's like oh my
god and you've gotten so fat and
I'm just like well thank you
I can't really do much a doubt of it
thank you know I love you - I love you
this was the Attic was just reading on
Libby's experience I think it was Libby
right yeah it was so yeah your adrenal
glands alight right above your kidneys
so that's where my doctor City wants to
get me a skin as well just to make sure
there's nothing deeper laying in there
but I'm sure it's probably just stress
and there's some of the symptoms so yeah
it makes me laugh - I'm like acne around
the jawline and I've been having that
like crazy lately and I'm like huh like
actually like down here like on my
actual line I'm like I wonder if that is
you know because this like tinder brace
that we've got a cup size before you
period I'm like my boobs like have
random moments where they lay literally
a huge I'm like bloating
yes dark circles yep here miss from hell
honestly because I'm on contraceptive
pills I skip my period all the time
because I don't want to deal with it
wait then and inability to lose weight
holding weight on our hips lower stomach
arms and buttocks with me it's on my
like stomach like my lowest stomach and
yeah my hips sitting on like my back as
well like my legs and stuff haven't
changed their money but maybe a little
bit a bit my stomach is just like so
bloated all the time just struggling to
get up in the morning which is me like
you know I used to be able to get up at
6:00 a.m. no problems and lately like
it's just struggle to get up at like
7:30 8:30 I'm like oh yeah if you wanna
have a read on her experience you can go
to Jillian Libby calm
oh my god I'm watching into one Francis
livestream on Georgie p.m. holy oh
my god oh my god I'm so pissed I forgot
yours in New Zealand I'm so pissed I am
so pissed off at myself picked like one
of my favorite animals an order I'll
have been served
Dillon Francis and a pig I am just what
are we going tonight we are going out
for dinner with your mom
mm-hmm kidding out to New York probably
come back here and chill somewhere with
for a plain old a house monstrosity it's
really a massive job my mom is currently
raiding my makeup just gangsta mr.
Guerin from the in contour she wants to
learn to Kanpur Hey yeah we going out
for dinner I'm so tired and put a
headache and I'm getting my period and
life sucks guess who forgot to take
bigger motor dinner me
