good morning little Sun doc hello good
morning today I am going to film just
got back from the gym maybe 15-20
minutes ago
I've got a couple of packages and then I
feel like good you might so I might have
some Vegemite on toast for breakfast
yeah I'm gonna wash my hair and film I
want to film using maybe one of the Kat
Von D quads today because hates people
have been requesting it since I posted
that picture yesterday on my Instagram
and loads of people are requesting this
age quad which is really strange because
I feel like it's like you know green is
not like the most popular eyeshadow
color I thought the girl would want like
the rest which is like really warm tones
or like neutrals or something but people
want green so I'm excited about that so
I'm gonna do green eyeshadow I think
anyway unless I change my mic will soon
see I'm just gonna open up the mail
quick Hamish got sent Star Wars packages
here I'm actually really excited to try
this out citrine Co like and so
straightening hair brush those same
people using the one Instagram so
excited I needed some new contacts and
solution and stuff which seems so
annoying because I could potentially be
getting LASIK next month but also
potentially not so can I just had to do
it okay cannot survive in glasses for
that long glasses and women so I tried
these ones because you guys requested
them after I got like a saw I from my
contest last time these are like the
same brand I use base to use the two
weeklies and these ones are like one day
one so hopefully they're good you'll
soon see there's 19 here so I'm here for
eyedrops in my life right now I feel
good they feel so weird
I didn't buy them I got these because
they're supposed to clean your contact
lenses because sometimes my contact
lenses get dirty like from makeup so
tried them and then I really like these
and I really like these women I've got
like dryish eyes of if I've been like
wearing my contacts for too long and
then I'm trying out this look English
side supposed to clean your lenses real
thoroughly and I think use it like once
a week or something quickly yeah but
it's meant to like hot out clean your
contacts and get all the gunk off
although I suppose if these are dailies
I'm not really gonna need these although
I do still have like one pair of plain
from contest so anyway that was a fair I
did not think that their name just come
to a solution this is like the cheapest
one so
comes in this huge bag that you madam
thirst all right time to film though I
just filmed the lighting was terrible
that you can say how terrible this
lighting is that's just like and it's
only twelve I don't know what I'm gonna
do this summer for my lighting I don't
even remember how I used to deal with it
last year I think I just need a film on
cloudy days today it's like a super
clear day super sunny
my name is you're actually thinking
about going to golf this afternoon so
I'm gonna go do some more work I can't
film anymore videos anyway I was gonna
film some more but I can't the
Lighting's true so I'm gonna go
schedule tomorrow's video and Monday's
video I've got both of them done yay and
I need to do the thumbnails descriptions
and there might a bit of log depending
on when Hamish gets back otherwise I
might do a vlog later so use the kat von
d palette my skin looks so today
the lighting is just like awful my
foundation does not go on nicely and
then Mexican was like really dry and
it's just like not a good time wearing
the wild one lashes by EXO Beauty I'm
obsessed with these lashes this so
underrated I think people look at them
in the pen or in the tray and they look
so scary but they're just really nice
and like flirty and fluttery looking
someone was just scratching on my door
don't your money come in your mitts in
here your mates in here I know how much
you love it do any come sit here
yeah he's like just looks like Louise
having one of those days hello so tired
I feel like I'm being judged
there's a mushroom mushroom burger
fueling up before we we're either going
to go to golf we're gonna go on and
fight cried we haven't decided yet
something in a bit yes I was
clothing - this looks so good Oh fancy -
go away Sonya this is like an onion tart
or something chicken no no my baby I
think we're home now so we went to golf
and then John caught up with us after
work at golf he just came for like a
couple of holes and they were like what
are we doing tonight so we decided to go
out and we want to go somewhere new
we've basically been to almost every
single place that does like good mills
and Palmerston already more like then
were like oh what about Fielding and so
we looked online and found a few places
and a few places were like really full
so we didn't go there so we just going
to that place that I showed you the menu
so good it was quite pricey but it's so
good it reminded me of like Nero and
Table one a date here in pommy and our
waitress was so nice and she was really
really like helpful and really good so
like the customer service and the
service in general and everything was
really good as well which made it even
better and the wine was amazing the food
is amazing and I'm very full now and we
like looked at the dessert menu and we
were just like that no more food no more
food Zeus no more food
so yeah now I just at home I'm gonna go
to sleep it's already like 9:30 and I'm
quite tired the doctor appointment
tomorrow I'm gonna do some editing yeah
just have a pretty relaxed day tomorrow
I think hopefully so yeah thanks for
watching today's lugged I'll talk to you
tomorrow
bye
