good money I just got back from the gym
it is nine o'clock it's a really gloomy
day say last night it was raining so
hard but I was like I love it when it
like storms at nighttime it makes me
feel so cozy in bed and watching movies
and it's just the best yeah not so great
during the day it's really dark and
gloomy and but that's fine I'm not
gonna let it affect my mood um so this
morning
you took breakfast as always you guys
have no idea how proud I am of myself
because go back like maybe a yeah well
like a year and a half ago not even that
I never had breakfast I hated eating
breakfast never did it it made me feel
sick I don't know like just eating it
early in the morning made me feel sick
but for some reason I've just been so on
to it and I no longer feel sick and I
usually have more energy and I don't
find myself so hungry throughout the day
which is obviously a good thing yeah I
just thought I'd put the random proud
moment out there I'm going to also do
some editing today again I've got an
appointment later on for my wife she
doesn't mean my life just tinted and I
mean I was read on they're really bad at
the moment they were late sustained from
day ten can you say that so yeah I need
to get them done ASAP so that's the plan
later that's why I'm not filming today
because I don't want to wear makeup
because of the lash tinting I was
thinking of doing a first impressions
like no can't do that
so I'll probably film tomorrow if I feel
up to it plus the lighting today is
really bad I don't think I could really
film anything that great in this
lighting
I'd have to sit up some lighting so I
think a my other smoothie for breakfast
lemonhead run it a little while
it's incredible put on a little bit of
my aquifer nation by corrosion dog and I
used a jewel pedal foundation brush just
to quickly pass them all I mostly the
center of my face just because I'm not
feeling confident in my skin today it's
just breaking out quite badly there
since I got back from Australia too much
junk food too much air conditioning
travel so I just put on a little bit of
makeup
I flew those pimples at vendors soon and
I'll do a face master night probably
yeah I'm just getting ready now I'm not
gonna really bother with any more makeup
because I mean my eyelashes tinted I
think today hopefully as long as they
still have time for me I go in half an
hour I'm just gonna take a couple photos
for your website quickly and then you
know have a get my nose done and then
after that I'm gonna do a quick question
and answer about the boat hot stuff for
those of you who wondering like because
this so many like misconceptions there's
so many people confuse there are so many
people interested in it for themselves
there's so many just like questions
about the truth like about how I went
and how it felt and about the procedure
in just everything and like the
consultation so I'll be answering all
those questions today as well for those
of you who are interested if you're not
interested in Botox and you hate Botox
you into Botox didn't feel free to skip
the step
well then maybe it'll be interesting for
you because I'm gonna tell you a little
bit of a back story as well unlike my
thoughts of it years ago and what
changed my mind and stuff I don't know
if you'll find that interesting or not
yeah if you want to be a dick just do
what I used to do and just ignore it
because that's much easier to just
ignore something you don't like rather
than try to make people feel bad for
their own body decisions hi Hamish is
testing water I got some mail too sir oh
this will be the rest of my cruelty-free
shop stuff that I ordered I mean
something else yes my baby
I love the
and cheese sauce and some butter and
then I got sent this pricing that kit
goes for $75 I'm guessing that's it
they're all this full-size stuff cool
I love braining stuff I like a bright
skin bright skin his heavy skin okay hi
my big baby he made big baby well thank
you for the kiss he's molting he's got
food everywhere so I got my life they're
taking each other so I got my lectures
done look how good they look now so much
better in love I've told her I'm like I
need to come in like every three or four
weeks and get them redone because I just
loved the way that tend to do eyelashes
look this lighting is awful I've got my
curtain down but ah Thank You revitalash
hey I just finished up wait for the day
at 6:30 now I just did more emails and
it is a vlog for you guys so that is
currently up updating uploading I
thought I just do the little Botox Q&A
so first off a lot of the questions are
just like why did you do it and what
bleep brought you to that conclusion so
let's do like everyone to like I don't
know maybe I was like 18 or so and when
I thought of Botox I thought of what
probably a lot of you guys are thinking
about you know like the like flat
surprised like livery elastic looking
skin face like you know that's what I
used to think Botox was and so like I
was always just like oh I wouldn't go
near boat hollis a Botox is revolting
why would anyone get it I was just being
a hater
and then a couple people I know got it
um how old would they have been I know
there's some people that are older
they've got it and then you know a
couple people that were probably about
how old I am now and even about 21 maybe
I remember exactly but anyway so like
relatively young as well so I was like
you know - like how a lot of other
people are towards me right now I can
totally understand what you guys are
coming from
please side note I can see where some of
you guys are coming from that are
concerned
and then there's some people that
actually just being really mean so if
you're gonna be mean just don't bother
because I'm just gonna start blocking
people that are being like ruthless like
there have been it some really nasty
comments and like I do not deserve that
okay so if you want to be a dick I'll
block you so go write it somewhere else
go write on your own Facebook page or
something I don't want to hear I don't
kid so like I was like why did you get
it you know I like and then I like
obviously did some research and heard
more about it and then I thought oh you
know maybe one day and like I mentioned
in my blog the other day I was thinking
about it for a while like at least a
yard it was like two years or so I never
really got my house in two grand
actually went for a consult or anything
just cuz like procrastination it's like
the same thing with my how I want to get
a nose job one day like how long have I
been talking to you guys about that for
like ages and like I still haven't even
done anything about it just keep putting
it off so I knew that would keep
happening done what's a research about
it for preventative and like what it
does and how it works and why people get
in Exeter etcetera and then when I
started seeing people's results for
myself I was that okay it's not what I
thought it's not just like plastic face
and like did more research into it you
know people like JLo and Jennifer
Aniston everyone like hits these
celebrities a roommate rumored to have
hit it and it makes sense you know like
Botox basically isn't supposed to change
the way you look at all like who's quite
funny some people were trying to say in
my blog they're like oh my god you look
so different now that you've got that
like you realize it takes at least four
days to start working and I don't look
different at all like people just
started seeing what they want to see but
Botox if done correctly you shouldn't be
able to tell that you know it's being
done that's why so many celebrities and
people like I guarantee like people you
know have probably had it done not
everyone wants to tell everyone that
they've had it done like who wants to
say like this isn't my natural skin like
maybe if I didn't have the skin I'd be
more wrinkly like what kind of celebrity
wants to say that they've hit help
everyone just once they compliment like
oh you're so like beautiful like you
haven't aged how do you do it oh my gosh
like what are you drinking no one wants
to admit that hippo taught us they say
but you know I don't care I'm here to
help you guys and HEK you guys and I'm
very open with you guys and if I could
help someone out then I'll do it and as
I said on Twitter like I knew I was
gonna hit bet like backlash for showing
you guys this and talking to you about
it
but at the end of the day like my
choices are my choices anyone else's
opinion on what I should do with my own
body don't matter because how stupid is
that like why do people think that they
can come online and say like Shannon you
should do this and you shouldn't do that
like it's ridiculous like this is my
life in my parents so I don't care but
anyway I'll start answering some of
these questions for you okay so someone
asked how long does it last like
anything it kind of varies from person
to person but it's usually like from the
research I've done and from what my
person told me it's about you know like
five months or so kind of depends on the
person as well but honey Eau de
toilettes would you recommend Botox or
surgery honestly you have to talk to big
sis you have to talk to a doctor I'm not
a doctor so I can't give you like the
proper advice but I do know that people
use Botox to like a look at their brows
so and something you could definitely
look into but I'm not a doctor so I'm
not too sure and then someone said
you're too young for Botox so this is
what people get saying um I am 23
turning 24 this year I'm almost halfway
to 30 guys we're not halfway 30 they
would be 15 you know what I mean so
someone also asked I saw a comment
before how would you have to be to be
able to get Botox and someone else asked
how do you recommend like how do you
recommend you should be before you start
new Botox I don't recommend any age to
get Botox okay it's totally up to you
and your needs but you have to be at
least 18 and I wouldn't recommend for
anyone under 18 to get it anyway and it
really depends on you like some people
are wrinkled from the moment they pop
out their mother okay and then some
people don't wrinkles until they're 40
so it totally depends on the individual
and so many of you guys are like oh your
skin was so great like you don't have
any wrinkles well that's what like my
consort was for as violent and had a
consult before I got it done
of course like with her all my health
went through like the procedures and the
wrists and all of that kind of thing and
pulled lots of funny face it's for my
little lady and basically I had like two
or three expression lines up here I have
a frown like very obviously nothing
crazy yet you know but I had the
beginnings of frown lines because I
squint so badly I'm a terrible person I
squint all the time and when I'm like
looking at my phone
frown at it and stuff like this so I
just had like a few expression lines and
you know what expression lines turn into
one day there's wrinkles so I was just
worried about that so she talked me
through it and she was like look you
could benefit from some here in here so
I got it as you start the blog like
they're in there she said you don't need
any in between your brows like a lot of
people get frown lines here underneath
it yet she said you don't need it
anywhere else on your face so she was
really good obviously she doesn't want
people going and injecting all
through their faces where you don't need
it I didn't get it anywhere where I
don't need it yet so like I didn't get
it around here because I have nothing
like there's nothing there was just the
beginning of some stuff up here which
you guys may not notice but I did and
you know it's all about me for this
thing someone also said can you get it
done and do your eyes I actually don't
know cuz you get it done in muscles
right so I don't know if there's a
muscle in here I guess that's probably
fillers and fillers are different I
haven't hit fellas so I don't know you'd
have to like go to a consult and ask
them about that does it still hurt
afterwards no it probably hurt for like
five minutes or something and then I got
a slight headache which is common and
then it went away after a couple hours
and then nothing
what type of Botox did I get I can't
remember what it was called it's not
just called like Botox I hit a different
name and I cannot remember I'll have to
email my lady before I get it
next I might if I do continue to get it
because I cannot remember what it was
called in one ear and out the other but
when I find out I'll let you guys know
what it was how many times you have to
go back to get it redone so it wears off
basically what Botox is in simple terms
is a muscle relaxant some people like to
point out like it's a poison and it kind
of is but it's using such small doses or
you cannot even like it's so miniscule
that's not dangerous so it hasn't proven
to be dangerous it's FDA approved as far
as the health and safety people out
there go it's fine I feel like with
anything there's rest you know like
people like oh blah blah long term
effects and blah blah blah it's like how
many of us out there taking like all
these random vitamins and pills and
medications and all sorts of different
stuff and it's just like it's up to the
individual you know it's like side
effects - or like rests like there's a
risk of like your eye drooping team
and all this kind of stuff which I'll
talk about soon but there's friggin
risks with everything like associated
with everything like everything you do
there is a risk involved everything
especially medically I mean you know
like any medical procedure out there
this risks getting your lips done
there's risks getting your eyes done
getting your teeth done like getting
anything done there's always risks so
that's why if you're interested in this
you need to go to a consult you need to
do research you can't just make up your
mind overnight and I know that might be
how it seems to you guys because I've
never actually discussed it with you I
haven't discussed wanting to get Botox
with you for this very reason because a
bat collection people don't understand
and it's just you know trying to educate
people when they're so against an idea
as impossible so there's just not much
point I'm not trying to like turn haters
into lovers here I'm like purely trying
to tell you guys who are curious about
this this is why I'm doing this right
now so if you're watching this and
you're hating on me just fast-forward or
something I don't know
so what so what Botox does dessert
relaxes your muscles for a temporary
amount of time it's a temporary thing
just like look fillers and everything I
haven't personally had look fillers I
don't know anything about that I don't
know anything about anything apart from
I've hit my boobs done and I've hid
photos now
so yeah we as off after about five let's
just say five months but it varies on
person to person like four or five or
six or seven months like it'll just a
peon for soon see so it freezes your
muscles but you can still move I can
still put really weird faces and raise
my eyebrows and everything like it
doesn't change your appearance that much
like when I used to go like this I you
see it like four or five wrinkles so
what that's doing basically is removing
my ability to wrinkle up my face which
means long-term if I keep up Botox like
twice a year let's say it just means
that the muscles aren't going to be
overworked and I'm not gonna crease my
skin people say like over a long amount
of time like your face like droops and
all of this if you keep doing Botox but
all that's happening is like like with
any muscle like you guys know if you've
like broken an arm or a leg or something
you're not using that muscle anymore so
it like shrinks down a bit and it's not
as strong it's just the same with your
face muscles so from this is like from
research I've done like I want you guys
to take what I'm saying with a grain of
salt and if you're
ashle think you're getting this done go
to Botox profissional don't go to some
dodgy person don't go to some like
discount Groupon person go somewhere
professional pay the money don't take a
shortcut but yes don't tell you how to
look after yourself you know like
professionals don't want you to look
weird they don't want your face to
explode or like droop or do anything
crazy I haven't heard of anyone I know
that does Botox having any of those
problems that it's just one of those
things that's a risk and I feel like if
you do get like overly addicted to it or
something like addicted with like just
constantly refueling and never giving us
gonna break or anything you know and
like maybe that I don't know like I'll
come today in a while because this is
like my first time you know or like I
don't even know if I'm gonna continue
getting it yet
so far I like it but you know it was
appearance on the future and that's what
I was thinking as well like I said
before like side effects and stuff those
side effects are more common when you go
somewhere that isn't great at Botox you
want to go to someone that's really good
because the only time people usually get
drooping and all sorts of stuff like
that from the research I've done again
is usually when people are applying it
too much Botox or applying Botox to too
many muscles on your face - it's so like
I only got it in a couple of places
where I needed it if you go too deep
I've heard like bad things can happen so
you just want to go to someone it knows
what they're doing and someone that
understands your needs and someone that
understands like what you want as well
don't skimp out because you don't want
like frozen weird muscles and stuff like
if you end up looking like one of those
people off the movies where they're like
way are you too much Botox and probably
like fillers and all sorts of stuff as
well the whole point of Botox like from
the research I've done over that like
past how we belong but when you start
getting that really plastic look yeah
it's just like wrong application too
much product Botox is supposed to look
like nothing that's the whole point of
it it's supposed to look natural like
you just look good like your skin is
just nice and smooth and radiant and
glowing and youthful looking my reasons
as I said I don't want lots of wrinkles
and I know some of you are like all but
wrinkles are fine like
but personal preference once again it's
just like anything okay like I don't
want to have 20 million wrinkles when
I'm old I want to have my skin smoother
for longer my nail embrace it like you
know I won't be getting Botox till the
day I die I'm sure I mean I can't say I
won't because who knows but I'm sure I
won't be getting it till the day I die
and keep my skin nice and tight and
smooth so that I can wear perfect makeup
for as long as I can on me a grandma
that has like perfect makeup and perfect
eye shadow why not write like these
things are at our disposal these days
I'm not trying to say that all of you
guys should go and do it because I'm not
saying that I'm not saying all my young
viewers need to like think oh when I
grow up I want Botox because that's not
the case at all you may not need it it
depends on each person each person has
different preferences each person has
different needs some people will never
wrinkle some people have amazing skin
and jeans and stuff like I'm not saying
that and I also want to say one other
thing about some people like oh you're
supposed to be a wrong role model and
you're supposed to embrace yourself and
love yourself doing this doesn't mean I
don't love myself love is not what you
look at in the mirror okay like I'm sick
of people saying like when I want to fix
my teeth or like when I want to get
LASIK or when I I bow my tip eyebrow my
tattoos you know what I'm saying like
changing my hair away makeup they're
like you should just love yourself the
way you are you shouldn't have to change
yourself I'm like I'm not in love with
my appearance I like the way I look but
self-love is not loving your appearance
okay self-love is from within and it's
like mental it's nothing to do with the
outside you can always I feel good from
looking at yourself in the mirror and
thinking shell look good today like
that's always gonna be like a confidence
booster but it's not self-love it's
different that's just my opinion you can
still love yourself and still improve
yourself if you want to improve yourself
you know some people don't give a flying
 some people want to change things
some people want to get nose jobs and
brow lifts and I don't ride I think all
these random procedures off the time I
need but I can't think I'm so hungry but
you might I mean like it's no one else's
business but your own if you want to do
it that's cool and like so people saying
to me like that's being a bad role model
I think what's more important than being
a natural beauty and the natural
role model is saying to young girls that
they don't have to listen to what other
people have to say about their
appearance like people should feel
empowered to look however the hell they
want to look you know or like I think
that is confidence and net is self-love
doing what makes you feel happy and what
makes you feel good and if that involves
any of the stuff then so be it and I am
NOT saying everyone needs surgery okay
openly missed a bit in my life I am just
a believer in doing what you want I
never signed up to this to be a role
model if people look up to me then
that's awesome because I don't think I'm
a terrible role model I am NOT a perfect
person who is like can you please tell
me one perfect person on this planet
that doesn't do a thing wrong that
doesn't say one thing wrong doesn't you
know no and if Botox makes me a terrible
person then so be it
send me to jail do you know if it helps
with migraines it is supposed to help
with migraines a lot of people get Botox
for medical reasons stuff like relaxing
the muscles for whiplash and certain
kind of diseases yeah migraines and all
sorts of stuff like that I'm tensed up
muscles and also to prevent sweating I
know people who get it up here to stop
spitting in their top lip which is quite
cool Ashley I have heard it helps with
migraines but I haven't had a migraine
yet so I'll let you know I don't usually
get them too often I usually get like a
terrible headache on the day or second
day of my period and sometimes it does
escalate to a migraine if I'm not smart
and don't take it easy enduring lots of
water you know it can escalate very
quickly and I start seeing flashing
lights everywhere so we'll soon see I
guess what your favorite part about it
is and your least favorite part about it
is the least favorite part is probably
the actual injections even though it
doesn't really hurt that much it felt
like I said to someone it's probably a
two or three out of ten people like
trying to have a go at me saying like oh
you hate b12 and blood tests and stuff
but you go and get tissues and Botox and
the reason I'm not so much better like I
am so much better with tattoos and
piercings I used to pierce myself
everywhere I used to have like so many
piercings all over my body which is
really strange I know but yeah I had a
lot of piercings and they've never
bothered me as much as injections and
blood tester I kind of like oh just
thinking about the blood tastes like I'm
getting so much better because I'm
like getting it out of my brain like I
stopped psyching my I think psych myself
up and get real scared I'm like trying
to just ignore that feeling and just
mentally I'm like no it's fine it's
not gonna hurt
but like b12 and other blood tests and
injections and stuff I literally can
feel them going into my bloodstream the
blood stream like I can feel the blood
coming out of my body that's why it
grosses me out like I can feel the fluid
movement there is titor's it's literally
just like pain like it's just like
stabbing and it doesn't make me feel as
sick or is nauseous and dizzy and it's
not painful at the same time as all of
those other things so it's not as bad
and the Botox like it's a fluid but it's
such a tiny amount I couldn't actually
feel anything which i think is another
good thing to tell you guys I couldn't
feel any of it going into my feet or
anything so that was good that I was
told me someone else and they said that
they had really tight muscles on their
forehead and they got it and it really
hurt so for me it didn't hurt maybe my
face muscles are really weak I don't
know but yeah I guess it'll vary on
people but from most of the people I've
talked to doesn't hurt it was just like
a tiny little prick like it hurt less
than a bee sting like way listener bee
sting and so much less than any kind of
blood test orientation every other head
link nowhere near not even comparable my
favorite part is that my skin looks so
smooth and when I do my mascara I don't
have this ugly mascara facing what with
like a million wrinkles lying across my
forehead I used to always hit that
powder on my videos because I was like
oh God
could you elaborate on how you feel
about wrinkles and aging as I said it's
personal like I would never look at
someone else like I don't look at my
family members and go oh my god you're
serving you're disgusting like I've
never had that thought in my mind but
it's just on myself you know I want to
look youthful alert for the as I can
it's just personal preference and if I
change my mind in any one time I can
just stop doing it because as soon as
you stop your face just relaxes and goes
back to normal it's a temporary
procedure which is the best part just
like getting your lips done or like
whatever it's just temporary and it goes
away it dissolves and it's gone so I
thought I'd give it a go and yeah we'll
see if I keep doing it
you still do your natural face
expressions after getting it well as I
see it like I can still move everything
it's just like whatever but it's just
not as wrinkly when I do this now like
you can still see a little bit of
movement but it's not crazy
sounds like he had a look and you have
you had the lip injections do they hurt
can someone's like she hasn't had any
and she said she has beautiful lips
thank you Nadia and moles you've got it
done in Australia are you planning on
going back every time you near top up or
will you find someone here I'll
definitely try and find someone here I
asked the lady that did - really any
recommendations but she didn't really
know when you want to make areas so I'll
have to do a bit of research so if any
of you guys live in Palmerston North or
anywhere near here and you know someone
that's really qualified and really good
feel free to like let me know I've heard
the Kasich clinic is really really good
and they get people in like all the
friggin time to do it so they obviously
must do a lot of it they need to do more
research into like everything so we'll
soon see the lady I went to in Australia
was amazing though I'll put her list
down list link down below she does tons
of lip injections so I was recommended
her by Sabina who did my brows it was
amazing professional and then I'd
already had actually already been on the
person that did my boat horses like the
Instagram page so many times because
chairs
what's your name makeup ideas username I
mean not what's her name what's her is
an M column makeup by Jays this is here
so she is absolutely stunning and that's
where she goes to get her lip injections
and stuff so I already knew that she'd
done good work and seen this lady that
did hers and a video of hers as well so
I felt it he's there and I knew she was
really qualified and everything I'd
looked into her a little bit had a
consult you know at that point I'd never
been decide if I was doing it or not it
was quite spur-of-the-moment I was like
you know what I've been thinking about
it I'm here let's just do this so that's
what happened but yeah I just heard good
things about her and trusted Jess's
recommendation as well because her lips
look amazing I knew that she was
obviously really good with her needles
my arm is getting sore so I've been
holding this camera like this for 20
minutes
do you see a difference after the
injection or does it take a few days and
it takes a few days so I got it done
what day was it like Tuesday Wednesday
and then I didn't see results until
about Sunday Monday see it does take a
few days to sink in and it kind of
varies between people I think she said
at least four days and she remembers
like looking at myself in the mirror and
I was like like you wanting or something
I was like pardon
where did you go it was great and
no one's noticed someone asked can like
people notice like no no one's noticed
I've actually like told a couple friends
they're like wait what really and
they're like stare at me and they like
where they are they're basically all the
questions other people are saying will
you get Botox anywhere else and no not
at the stage um if I continue to get
Botox it won't be I won't be getting it
anywhere else any time soon because I
don't have any signs of ageing anywhere
else yet um it was just up here and now
gone you can kind of see like can you
see that it's like a slight little bit
of a line still um that was like a
little bit deeper and more permanent but
yeah hopefully it'll vanish eventually
hopefully that answered your both
questions as I said I'm not trying to
like tell anyone to go get it it's up to
every person I'm just telling you my
experience and answering your questions
so I'm not here saying to 12 year olds
go get Botox because I do not believe in
that as I see if you have to be at least
18 and I think even once you turn 18
think about it some more just keep
thinking about it decide if you really
need it and if it's something you really
want and if you do try it out at least
is temporary by the way the cost thing
was about 230 Australian dollars and
then it's gonna vary worldwide of course
I have no idea how much it is in New
Zealand but once I find out if I get
another consult or anything I will let
you guys know I'm gonna go eat now what
happened did you get the middle of your
toy taking off you because you tried to
eat it yeah yeah
he's like no give it back would it go in
the bin every time he starts like
ripping into like the squeak or anything
we take it off him and throw it away cuz
he still likes this part of the toy
don't you know no sulking he's like what
if I don't want that part I want the
squeaky placed it bit that I can eat and
die with have a look how pretty these
are we use lost amp util it's like a
pale pink with a silver so pretty I love
this shape - are you sulking I know
that's your sulking face mm-hmm but
you've got this perfectly good toy here
that you can play with what's wrong with
this one
I said but I don't want that one I want
the plastic I should teach you how to
shake hands he's like that let it go let
it go great table when I die yes this
corner is the best yeah you guys gonna
be you know oh my god we're sharing so
are you having some too
I can't eat all that we got matching
mellows I actually really like mellow I
finally found a red wine that I like is
this the thing is too much sauce I don't
think no never unless you're John sure I
got this one free who doesn't like I
love Souls I love this item service made
sure I got the it's like halloumi
gnocchi salad it's so good I got this
last time at mom's birthday as well it's
really really really really good dinner
was so good as normal me and Hamish more
laughing more like they even have
anything bad on this menu because I
don't think they do
because I knew is gonna come by and be
like John dessert I know and we're like
we cannot fit dessert oh we're so full I
couldn't even freaking finish my salad
and it was a salad I'm so cool
so yeah we ran away before we got off it
deserve it
no he's gonna hit home and we remembered
to play this time guys remember that I
talked about new video ones we're like
walked out alone so without paying and
it was mortifying and they didn't even
call us out till the next day we would
be at the next day because we were like
away from labor and at the mountains and
we would invade the nice day like grab
some you know like you didn't pay you
sir I know any other places have we not
paid it I felt like such a dickhead
and he was like nah don't worry about it
because we tried to pay him we might
only less pay now well I find we want to
give you a tip and we gave him latest
mass of tips like volunteer lee cover
all the mail it's fine I wrote it off
but you could tell he was like you Dex
people were asking for photos like ripe
for a headband like the staff and that's
how we got confused as we've got to pay
walked over to them got chatting with
them took some photos and well I can't
see you have a good night and walked off
like we completely flex pay and so we
were like god this guy said I think that
we think that we're some like awesome
people like free food we don't have to
pay like no it was embarrassing my
favorite boots broke yesterday rest in
peace
five dollar cotton on boats that I've
owned for like three and a half years
they were my favorite and the zip gave
up on me I'll get rid of them this
weekend we're getting a big skip bin
let's hear rid of all the crap we've got
like heaps of rubbish and stuff from
when we took down our wire fencing so
we've ordered a skit bin and we're gonna
throw out all of our stuff and I'm gonna
throw out this old-ass cabinet that I
bought like something like five or six
years ago it's just falling apart and
it's all stained and stuff so I'm we're
just getting rid of all of it it's gonna
feel so good
hey yes hello cutest dog in the whole
world look at your ears
when they just properly finished the
fist like episode 1 season 3 of they
killing it's like it's gonna be good
yeah we're gonna sleep now you know I'll
talk to you tomorrow bye
