good morning everyone what does it
searches there we just got back from at
the gym I just did some cardio and now
I'm gonna have it breakfast I can't
decide if I feel like a smoothie or like
something more like cereal
so yeah break this now I'm gonna eat it
I've got like three videos I want to get
done and maybe a vlog as well I didn't
get a blog out yesterday I don't really
have many plans today no mail to show
you either I'm gonna make breakfast
hello
so it is now 20 to 1 I have done one and
a half videos so I'm doing pretty well
so I'm gonna make some lunch now and
then I'll just finish off that video and
they're not gonna do one more beautifu
do retinal vlog review to the vlog first
and then start the beauty video next so
yeah that's the plan I feel like
something warm for lunch because it's a
really miserable cold day it feels like
winter the house is cold I should
probably put on Jersey but I just got me
a ball dude you know how I feel
the bezel on this tastes so good I just
went out and ran some EXO beauty urns
and we've changed to be pretty size
packaging I'll show you I need to take
some new photos for the website but if
this is the new packaging it's so much
smaller and more convenient so just got
like a little label and like the new
business cards and everything well thank
you cards I should say the metallic so
yeah it's going to take a photo of theme
and I also got a bunch of mouse over
grab it in it was all sitting outside
luckily the your recycling bin was
emptied today I think this is gonna be a
bit of rubbish Annette so first of all
there is this Too Faced better than sex
waterproof box exciting I don't usually
use waterproof but you know sometimes I
want it for whatever reason like I
thought I'm gonna be dead waiting's you
know what's in here no it's like a
little kid log so I knew from Kalevala
humble brag most purples and plums are
summer essentials and these are cool
eight holy I'll open them up look at the
mall hopefully you can read some of the
names if you are wondering on any of
them they look really pretty I feel like
I've got so many colors like this in my
collection now because they weren't
trained in like every company is making
the exact same colors but these ones
look really pretty
that one reminds me of like Anasazi
bubbly hose catnip kind of moly love we
have it some stuff from Annika any good
cider brands formula 1006 look all right
sir I've tried this brand before three
times to blind blackhead wash scrub mask
and base face for daily from Inklings
and then a bunch of these are these look
bomb they kind of look like he always
lip balms yeah he did
I hate subdue this really designer
brands and met look close they weren't
really pretty
they remind me of the sleek packaging
kind of what is this
Papa plus point mints by designer brands
a mascara some Anika makeup which I've
tried also I really like it pure primer
a liquid foundation and I her and
an eyeliner and a Brockett hitter thank
you and then this is Hibbing look it's
well packaged get a knitter Oh
lots and lots of shine XO pellets I'm
gonna do I'm gonna give some to family
and friends and I'm going to sign some
of them and give them away to you guys
so hopefully that's a good idea
let me know or else I can just not sign
them if that's better I don't know I
feel I could like get a silver peon or
something but I don't know I don't know
if that's cringe let me know just it's
thing at the moment I finished a vlog
just before I not it has anyone will be
to be I then I'm done for the day but I
just had to show you it is I like life
okay go try it and they're so good but
the ingredients are really simple which
is obviously a good thing cashew nuts
coconut sugar and sea salt so I want to
try to make them myself one day but yeah
so YUM not okay
alright I finished editing for the day
this lighting is not very flattering is
it I'm gonna make some dinner now we're
gonna head of curried sausage it's mesh
wool if I can find curry powder miss
fished potatoes and some BJ's I'm
exhausted and I'm so hungry it's it's
o'clock
pretty sure Hamish is gonna be stoked it
looks like a little poo hello sir you
seem to be on my bed why are you licking
why I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
I've just been lying and B it playing
getting to my phone now I'm looking for
new ones cuz all of my current games are
boring now I hope you have a good day
and I'll talk to you more bye
