everyone so my camera is flexing I've
got to charge you last night
um I just got back from the gym went for
about an hour is now 9:30 and weight
height City 9:30 9:30 it's 9:30
and I'm going to do some filming this
morning I've got a couple of videos I
want to get done and then I guess I'll
just be interesting like that
I also need have some breakfast I'm
quite hungry and I've got a couple of
packages as well but first I'm gonna
shower and wash my hair
so yeah I'll be right back hey guys it's
like 3 o'clock now I haven't eaten
anything all day I've been filming I'm
so exhausted I'm just like I'm one of
those bad moves today like not bad move
but just a sad mood I don't know why I
feel like my makeup tutorial came out
real good I just recreated the look I
wore the other night that Amy's leaving
Potter using my BH Cosmetics palette
it's like heavy bronze eyes the
shinnok's a pellet I mean I changed the
lip color but I was wearing like a more
nude pink it looked better than this I
think I still like this as well oh i
can't mean what like why sell i don't
know and I've also filmed a white fox
boutique haul but I just felt so blah
you know how when you feel blah and you
try on clothes and you just hate
everything like I love the clothes but I
just felt like I look like and I
don't like it and now I'm like I don't
know what I should upload it but oh it
is it later on and it probably won't be
as bad as I think put some like health
issues at the moment as well but I don't
want to talk to you guys about a year
because I don't want people to try and
like no offense to anyone but I don't
want to have too many people giving me
suggestions just yet because I want to
talk to my doctor first rather than you
know I mean I just want to talk to my
doctor first before I tell you guys so
yeah I'm gonna drop still a this week
and yeah I think me and Hamish will go
for walks and I eat something Simon
Aidan I'm so hungry I'm just gave like a
ramp or something um Nitin I've got 2 3
3 packages so it's I might open the
packages first I can't even think of
what I'm supposed to be saying right now
I'm so i mumble jumbled so out sent some
samples of this New Zealand protein look
at that a car is I got a selfie lit
phone case got some it cadiz I have no
idea what this will be I haven't really
been keeping up to date with the latest
release is I don't know
why it's just because they really so
much I can't keep up with all the new
makeup that always comes out on my gosh
there is recycling it everywhere so I
think these first things I buy the
Charlotte Olympia
um range collection sorry I can't even
think right now this is like a cream
color base and the shades sepia I think
I'm actually got that already but just
like in regular packaging and then this
one here is in the shade golden age so
really pretty like golden like warm
toned bronze and it's like they remind
me of the way sell lip glosses the lip
stains here is preserving Pishin and
hitting my heart
so those them and then tulips I love the
one on the left one of the lifts just
called retro Rouge and the other ones
called starlet scarlet I love that one
they're like everywhere that a set the
packaging is really cool is a lot
reminds me that Napoleon Paris lipstick
packaging and then this eyeshadow quad
called full orbit it's really pretty
it's like grayish greenish colors this
lip gloss in the shade the zone and
cybernaut lipstick oh that's a pretty
nude it's like a dusty pink nude sorry
this camera sucks it focusing by the way
look at all the fake tan that stain my
nails how annoying is that looks so yeah
but I get my nails right on this week
luckily I also got these new keys
sunglasses from Peggy Marie calm but
they link down below love them it's
super cool and I have this over no idea
what it is flowy Shannon have a lovely
day love your mama
there was nice of her thanks ma'am it's
so pretty
what a good day to receive flowers when
you feel like that I love them this oh
they smell so good
YUM now find a fast for them okay oh you
can't see them very well in the sunlight
it's so sunny they look really pretty on
my dining room table though love him the
sleeves a bit out of place I have to
trim him off what'd he do a little fatty
hi
what time is it is it walk time did I go
for a walk you come on let's go you
really we should call her come on come
on horsies
he's off it's such a funny piece
like like three well you can see my
flowers pretty enough
they smells so delicious time to cook
tonight we're gonna make Mexican
inspired bowls again so like being
smarter sandviches so yeah it's nice and
easy and quick and healthy so it's
exactly what I want right now it's just
going six o'clock it's kind of Italy
it's still bad I don't know I'm just so
tired today
dinner is done min Hamish made it
together so we have tomatoes black beans
chili beans tomato
I mean tomatoes epic Otto and chili
jalapenos olives capsicum corn a little
bit rice please tomato some red onions
and spring onion I think that's it
and I edit chili flakes all over mine as
well just for some extra heat up being a
loving spicy food lately I have the in
his free super volcanic pore clay mask
on this my skin is starting to break a
little bit and just because I haven't
done I'm asking ages and I love this one
it makes my skin feel so exfoliated and
soft dinner was so good it was so
filling I didn't even touch my rice I
don't need the rice like it was so
filling with just like beans and sell it
in few cheese and stuff yeah I know what
we're gonna do now just chillax you can
see what I'm put in the back random note
on the whole random note on the Botox
situation I haven't really sued you
think as it takes like three or four
days to actually like sital into your
skin and work and do its magic but like
the first time I really noticed it cuz
obviously it's not supposed to look like
anything which is a good thing it's like
the preventative thing
mm but today I noticed start working I
was putting on my mascara and usually I
have like a million wrinkles on my
forehead when I do my mascara but I was
like this and look like you'd still move
like make expression but it's like
smooth so start anyway we're just
watching TV now hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I'll talk to you
tomorrow right
