good money it's like 12 o'clock and I'm
not too bad
like I mean I've got a headache and I
feel a little bit blah but it's not as
bad as it could've been you know just
watching some trashy TV and the boys are
out getting dumplings which I'm really
really happy about yes I have showered I
have eaten and now I feel good
Oh way off to town now we're gonna go
pick up a surround sound system we
bought grab you trim hopefully it's good
Hamish is like really excited and wants
to take off painful things yeah don't do
that we're going to open up a blog so
it's ready to p.m. I slipped half the
day way it's just a nice relaxing it
chilled it today commander JB hi-fi
we're just picking out the speakers now
we've got to like go around the corner
and then pick them up I got this my
other Fitbit showed itself so until we
find neuro 6 I wanted the new one anyway
what I was looking into it
so if we can get the other one fixed
I'll just sell it to a friend or
something but I've got to find the
receipt first but anyway I was feeling
naked without a Fitbit but this one
looks really cool it's got like heaps of
new features and I used my favorite
every day of my life it's like I've been
feeling like lost without it so I can't
wait to try this one out
see yeah it looks really cool this is
the sound system Hamish picked up and he
also picked himself up in your ps3
because this died so you got a new one
but a good deal on it too which was good
but yeah that's what we got so hopefully
it's been good it's all blue tits are
like cordless or like this 2 speakers
with cords that'll go nice the TV and
then we can put to light at the back of
our room so be cool watching movies and
stuff surround sound and like listen
your music and things since we spend
lots of time at night in our room
listening to music and watching TV in
movies Netflix and stuff yeah yeah yeah
that's right
hey you helping forgot the speakers will
sit up I got one in the corner there
over there hi what are the toys
so spoiled been watching movies and
YouTube and playing games and stuff all
night it's been great
here's Dan who's eight on the cameras
you guys tomorrow bye good morning
everyone I feel so gross I'm wearing my
polo shirt and I just hate it so much as
opposed to with him to go like I don't
know I just started feel like myself
wearing this it doesn't feel right but
just have to get over myself
we just hitting out for some breakfast I
just edited a couple of videos I either
- the beauty video and a vlog and the
time is now 10:30 so yeah having some
breakfast been hitting straight to go
you're excited yeah mine hasn't come yet
so hey mrs. dramedy hey I didn't make it
and I said hey Mitch just seen it in his
height no I'll wait and I was like that
yeah I got six oh you're very good
you're so well-behaved look at you lucky
you
did you miss me what's your doing so see
ya see hi hi buddy hey hi one side let's
go all right Lori looks so naked
sometimes how are you doing
did you miss me yeah I've come having to
play with you now we just went into
simcha bursaries got so fruit and veg
for the week and now we're going to go
to know it's like Sunday ritual with
John now look at doc my eyebrows look
right now cuz the healings are like
super dark um see ya Sunday night dinner
with John I think we're gonna go to
India tonight again a favor I'm so
excited the malai kofta there is like my
new favorite it's so good I also got a
pic Ajith today it is musk I guess
organic chemical free so they sent me
Eterna
a hand wash body lotion and a replenish
serum with Tahoe but rosehips
sea buckthorn and coq10 which sounds
quite nicely today a little bit why or
election
do you like mundo Hamish Hamish chose it
I'm gonna give it a try I don't usually
do red wine but I'm trying to ease
myself into it sometimes I kind of like
it I just don't like the RO strong
bitter ones is this a strong bitter one
shouldn't tell you off my map should
work sensei yes thank you once you love
it great Beach tabouli did not like
creamy look at what may be a Pyxis
please Kate stop licking my hand this
were funny gonna been plagued by to each
other
anyway I'm so freakin hard I cannot even
explain to you how tired I am right now
I will talk to you guys tomorrow
Hey
