oh my gosh it's so bright outside is
that reflecting off the kitchen bench
I'm anyway good morning it is Friday
which is the best day of the week well
one of the best days of the week today
we've got anything as I said and I need
to set up my video for today I've done
all the description bosses I'm just
gonna like find some links for you guys
in the description box I need to have a
shower and faked in and wash my hair and
put on makeup yeah that's the plan for
today I might add a vlog as well if I
get time this morning and also I got a
package some stuff I bought myself so I
bought some more bits and pieces of the
cruelty-free shot ran out of a couple
things
they sit on my own voice it is a couple
missing things that they're gonna ship
out on Monday for me there that's
alright was it she the stuff I was
missing but put some more yeast flights
I hit some days back in the day and then
I just forgot to buy the Nick in and
what's this properly cheese so every
spot like raining stuff to try I got
this to make be a better fries some
edamame fittingly more punishing from
the curry powder I got yellow this time
because the green ones really really
good and oh my gosh how could today's
look I had to try them so they are soda
caramel cashew nut clusters oh so young
and it's um whoops
flavor tofu pumpkin tomato and basil I'm
gonna try some of this
and then I chopped this in the freezer
it's like salami stuff thanks relation
and bravely Shannon just drop it on the
ground
Oh God
and some like fitter stuff they not have
tofu I thought it was interesting today
is not my day I smashed the sour cream I
burnt my toast I tried to say that it
wasn't happening
if we're gonna made a huge mess I tried
to have it I kinda want toast at my
avocado it was like rushing on the
inside huh what next so he's not
stunning off to well so I took my makeup
picture for Instagram look how cool it
is there's everything I got over the
last couple days so now I'm gonna go get
rid of for Amy's thing it's like twelve
something I think right now I might
actually just eat it a vlog face quickly
look at the king sitting in the Sun
right in that Sun SPOT is it a good spot
hmm good spot for you little Sun bather
hey I can barely see you guys because
it's so bright outside the lighting was
shocking it was almost 2 p.m. and I
tried to film my makeup and the lighting
was just too terrible so I couldn't just
gonna switch back a little my eyes are
like having so much trouble adjusting
anyway I used them Mike Jacobs
remarkable foundation the coconut primer
by Matt Jake it and then I use the Kat
Von D shade and light palette under my
eyes and - bronzing contour and they
might blush I think it's called C or
something by Carl pop then my
highlighter is a secret and my lipstick
is a secret and my eyeshadow of course
is Meishan ik so palette by BH Cosmetics
which is out now so you can find on the
website it's still on presale pricing I
see my inner corner of rose gold by
makeup revolution my lashes are the gold
digger by EXO beauty and then my mascara
is the sumptuous knock I still water
which is amazing obsessed with this
mascara right now and then I used some
of the 11 derp dry cosmetics slay all
day he's sitting spray it's really good
at like made my skin looks so glowy and
it just sit all the powders down really
nicely so I'm happy with that um what
else there's pretty much all the
important parts isn't it so you know now
I'm gonna go have some light Danish
brought me in a skin day I love our skin
does so I'm gonna greet that and then
figure out what I'm gonna wear tonight
cuz I don't think I'll wear this top I
don't know we'll see I almost forgot to
show you guys which shades I'm wearing
from my palette
in case you guys are interested one side
so in my crease I have this color and a
bit of this color and they put that all
over the lid and then I pitch this color
in the middle on top all over my lids
and then I used some of this in the
outer corner and crease mixed with that
just kind of a mix them together and
then on my brow bone I've got that in
there and then on my inner corner it has
that makeup revolution color but I also
use some of that as well just to make it
super bright so hopefully you can see
the colors kind of well the lighting is
just so dodgy yeah I'm really happy with
how it turned out let me know if you
want to see a tutorial I was gonna film
this but it just failed here we go I
just put up a vlog I was good before I
started socializing with all my friends
their hunts like Selena lounge eyes
dusting the corner with my headphones in
so yeah I got a perp vlog it's uploading
right now and they'll be hitting off in
about an hour I need to write an Amy's
card it's freaking delicious
I go to this done what are you doing
sleeping on meth
it's not right and probably won't even
look like it's normal it's not the taste
chocolate-covered crickets this is like
low-key like dude burning taste as well
kind of thing you go crickets tastes
like dirt it was gonna be just make sure
it's like I got Amy she's wearing it
my shirt my tape glow-in-the-dark of
that you know to yellow
chicken or bacon yeah how do you figure
that meat buy it so i biggest you can
assign if you can normal and what a
bigger fight off mobile as well yeah
yeah a secret unit and a second order
sorry about this yep and with the second
Ola can we please get a half so apple
half Olympe this is the worst order of
American Indian can I have a salad Dana
come back in a salad burger combo and
then what you aren't given cause of hey
what's salad burger it's just like a
double cheeseburger meal yeah sleek time
for me hopefully I don't have too much
of a hangover tomorrow
