good morning I'm speaking showing all my
stuff and I'm taking some warm clothes
and my carry-on because I froze on the
plane on the way over it was so cold so
I've got a big Jersey and leggings
there's obviously at the moment it's
quite hot so I'm wearing like a skirt
and then y'all get changed later and
then I'll take my laptop carry on I
think am I ready to go we're just gonna
head towards Brisbane my eyebrows are a
little bit tender the Botox doesn't hurt
at all I'm just thinking if we're not to
massage my head because I'm not after
curious you don't like mess around with
it or anything for a day or something
I'm gonna need a really good okay so
that's when I get Harvey all ready to go
his breakfast I got every kind of fit of
smash among gods I think it's good the
hash stack yeah looks incredible my
drink is really good - it's really
refreshing I'm waiting in the car is my
mum's in the scrapbook shop
kill me now how many stop is this like
this makes me sick I bet there goes they
did this one you and get put in prison
or anything like those 13 and 14
absolutely horrendous like what are
these people thinking like why why are
some people so abusive like I don't
understand you inflicted more than a
hundred injuries
five hours heck it's absolutely horrible
people are actual pieces of
sometimes I swear to God anyway it is
two o'clock we've got to get back for
four o'clock so mum doesn't come out so
if you go drag her out by her hair it
has been in there for like half an hour
just been sitting with my phone doing
some work in social media it's really
hot in here and I like putting these
electrolyte tablet things it's kind of
like baroque baggies
I feel like it is so dehydrated and
sluggish and disgusting so I'm trying to
hydrate before the flash my pellet goes
up in ten minutes will thirty minutes
everyone's tweeting me that they
probably can't hear my hand my finger
over this speaker Bruins tweeting me
saying they go the appellate it
I'm so happy there's some issues but
everyone seems to be able to get them
now I'm just about to go get changed and
bought my fly I'm sorry Abbi thank you
guys so much for the support you're all
amazing and I can't wait to tell you
thank you again tomorrow when I'm like
more wide awake because I'm half asleep
right now 25
I definitely keep sleeping I'm very
tired but I am going to get up now
otherwise I might get to sleep until
like who knows wind tonight so thank you
up now how could it be done more time
nigga at the gym I'm not in the mood to
the gym but I just need to go to the gym
because I feel bloated and yack so I'll
just go to some like exercise and just
kind of like he's myself back into it
have a smoothie and then today I'm just
going to do some chill work like some
emails and stuff just to catch up I'm
otherwise for Monday she's gonna pile up
on me tomorrow I've got my friend
sleeping party she's going to London I'm
really sad then we have to buy a gift
today also well we don't have to buy her
a gift but on the weekend when I start
looking for a gift I couldn't find
anything and then couple of shops that I
wanted to go to were shot over okay
here's quarter past one I think my
clocks is called a path to her I don't
think we've changed it since daylight
savings a lip plumper on right now if my
lips look weird
I'm just trying something up um yeah I
got home the 20 minutes car from the gym
before the gym I just did some emails
and stuff while hamish video
finished off doing some reading for his
study he went to the gym
got the head of shower now I'm going to
confirm some stuff back so beauty we've
got to start some more testing on some
product so I just need to confirm a few
things and sign some stuff no wonder it
and upload a vlog but first I'm gonna
make a smoothie and also
I have quite a bit of mail so I'll show
you that I opened one thing already
because I recognized the sender it was
crawlers I was like oh god they've seen
me like seventh day they sent me this
note
we know you live getting a protein fit
so we thought we'd send you our latest
product cricket pasta oh yeah and I sent
me some cricket pasta
yes cricket is in the bug today as
people say over in like Asian countries
and things they do eat a lot of bugs in
army when I lived in Korea they did they
like a lot of barbecued bugs and Candida
bugs and things so they can't be that
bad but I just don't know man - it's
like I'm kings try it's alright then you
can try it let me know in the comments
what your give it a go it's a very weird
food isn't it but hey if it's good for
you I guess I'm gonna get make a
smoothie first
my goal today is to drink three of these
likely savory food but just to try and
help we get rid of the blue tag from
traveling in the plane you should see
how like bloated my feet go like they
got so swollen it was so gross I always
do I think they kind of match normal now
but there were like all puffed up and
nasty
you miss me thee and I got a new protein
this one here I think it's pea protein
yeah it's dairy-free this one because
like whey protein I think it's made out
of like the offcuts of like milk or
something like that but this one is all
vegetable which is quite cool how much
did you try it and he said it's a lot
thicker than the other proteins we have
it does look quite thick quite like
powdery tasting but it tastes good it's
just like a weird texture so I've got
one two three four five six different
packages as well here or I have opened
all of the boxes but I have not looked
inside so let's start here oh my god oh
my god I was dying to try these as soon
as I saw them on the kit fondue website
Hello Dolly enjoy these new shade +
light eye kondal quads and lock it
CC I should our prime is kept on TPD
okay you guys are gonna have to let me
know which one you want to see a
tutorial on so I have to do at least one
is a this age when I think is like a
growing anyone and then a plump one and
then a rest one slightly on turns and
then a smoked one I'm gonna do an
Instagram in a bit I think I'm glad
you're like it's a big photo of hits the
stuff I got today I mean moving along
yeah no idea what this is Oh a giant oh
my gosh these are so heavy
please are the near la go sorry it's not
focusing Pro fates HD high-definition
match pressed powders I definitely give
them a go oh my gosh look and they look
so cool it's a little color wheel to
help you figure out what kind of color
you should be using I guess color
correcting stick space MakerBot so if
you wanted to try these as well how they
check it out newest obsession you're one
of the first to get your hands on our
new color correcting sticks so there is
a lilac one and then that you have an
orangey one get less red like a peach
and an orange and green so cool I'm so
gonna try them because I like the
contour sticks I mean use them tons of
my videos the contour sticks but use
them a couple of times I believe I
really do like them I need to use them
some more but I just don't cream contour
a lot so that was exciting
I'm excited for this and I got sent a
chia seed oil every day cream it cleans
up by goodness I think you for that as
well
and then moving over we have tried to
get it yes this way all day make up that
clean sprays I've heard very good things
about them there is lemongrass lavender
peach green tea and jasmine so excited
for those and then the last thing we
have hits from colour-pop hello beauty
Spring has finally sprung it and we got
so excited we wit our plants look at
this box look so pretty okay so there
are a few different
I should have shades here I need some
more looks using colorful eyeshadows as
well I haven't done one in a while since
like my quad came out a while ago I need
to get back into the swing of things I
just can't keep up like these always new
stuff and I just can't even keep up you
know with all the products that come out
and I neglect things and it annoys me
but I just cannot keep up there's a
couple of gel colors which I love these
as you guys already know and then
gonna be sticks and stuff so yeah I get
all unwrapped it all into a photo in a
bit but first I need to finish breakfast
and do some editing and things because
priorities I'll show you some more of
the stuff later on once I unwrap it I'm
hungry
it's 3:40 I'm just gonna make some if I
cut it on toast or something for that
lunch
is it a hunch anymore I don't know if
I'm just gonna make something that I
don't toast though I'm quite hungry
actually you know gain asleep until like
what would it have been maybe 4 or 5
a.m. I gotta time for lunch and I'm
gonna make a flight later and then I'm
going to edit the description of a video
for tomorrow cos I probably won't be
home so long tomorrow cuz it's Amy's
living potty all right my vlog went up
and then I also just started editing at
the description of tomorrow's video I'll
finish it off tomorrow it's 20 no
quarter to 5 now just gotta whip into
town and get a gift and I need to go see
my grandparents quickly and go pick up
something fixed with Beauty quickly I'm
getting so tired so tired I step into a
normal time shine so that I can get back
into my normal sleeping routine
otherwise it's gonna be screwed for days
giving mine in of this because we bought
a different flavor for our bathroom and
it still got so much left I think it's
just little bit too strong for me and
Hanish so hopefully she'll like it and
if not I'll go to someone else
and then I got her the girlfriend
magazine I was in let lines on the front
I'm in it somewhere
so I bought that for her and I did buy
one of my and then Anna tuned and all of
if you're watching I've got a couple
more Spears as well because I bought
them off for family and for myself of
course and then we get seen Porsche
magazines so I'm going back to my
granddad to have a look at he likes that
and then a I'm going to give their
magazine I got sent to my Nana to get
every doll
my favorite
these bitches taste so good I don't know
how they do it in English got the land
hi he's very excited that we got home
late you gonna play da you are the worst
dog in the world to play with yes you
are Louie which he come from
he's off the fastest dog alive a
greyhound make what I got so I didn't
get around to doing a flat lay photo so
do that tomorrow open up all the
products and everything if I get time
before going to Amy's there's the worst
it face if it wasn't in my life that I'm
just reading my comments on my um what
is it I forgot what I named this vlog
yes you can say I'm very deep into
comments such a shitty excuse blog but
yeah I'm just reading your comments and
thank you guys so much for being so
sweet and supportive
I love how like you know I know some
people get annoyed when I do writes and
my vlogs and stuff but it's just good to
Vince sometimes and just be real and be
honest and be like just speak my mind
you know it's therapeutic for me and I
just feel like it's just good for you
guys to see this side of me sometimes
and see you know I don't know if that
makes any sense but just thank you guys
for being so supportive and hits you
guys are saying that you um like don't
even usually comment but you just want
to leave me a support call me and I
appreciate it so much you guys have no
idea it really like just I don't know it
just makes me very happy
yeah thank you guys for the support
anytime I even speak about big hurt by
someone's words online you guys need to
know like all of your nice comments
always mean way more to me it's just of
course you know you get caught up in
those negative moments sometimes which
is bad but it's just part of being human
you know but I appreciate every single
one of you in all of your kind words
like that's why just saw me go means I'm
trying it to the bottom so I can start
from the bottom now
it's go like Huff boy I thought I got
halfway but I don't even know anymore
it's just so many wait let me go Louie
come on watching better call saw Louis
destroying the new BB made Lily bits
under shameless you know just give me
more because I can't cuts this way he's
so cute though
look at the little head I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog I'll talk to you
tomorrow bye
