good morning I look destroyed we've been
up all day all night like and then I
just read this on my eyes no man has
this pop tricks I miss you spray them on
your eyelids and I put comments first
spray you're really precise oh thank
goodness it just feels a bit strange I
just put in my contacts I've been
wearing my glasses all day slides are a
little bit glossy looking and I'm so
tired so I felt like 1 a.m. and then up
again I sleep on my drove I begin at 4
a.m. to check into the flight and then
went to sleep it like 5 or something
like about 8 nothing work since then
putting my eyes are all soft on the
aircon and stuff yeah we've just picked
up our rental car and now mum wants to a
scrapbook shopping so I'm getting
dragged along yeah and then I don't know
what else we're getting up to but I
shall take you along I feel like but all
I want is a shower a my hair is so
greasy look at this I just want some dry
shampoo look at it sober eyes don't you
bring some I've got some of my suitcase
Oh kind of had much better why do I look
swollen um I thought you dated yeah I
had a burger my feet got a little okay
I'm fine
I say like double it you do it
yeah I've been Australia down with
Ainsley and Jays in the front mum's
driving us around we're finding some
dinner and they were getting Turkish
and yes that's all this happened sir
just been relaxing so tired don't like
sleep science can be good and then
tomorrow get my eyebrows too touched up
and my skin's breaking up oh yeah I'm
gonna pop ibex I hate like all those
okay that I hate that paper what see the
spit up
no no maybe I can get pizza picture
margherita pizza yarmulkes mum's mess
baked goodness good morning I'm just
about to do my makeup forgot to say good
night last night so I apologize for that
I was just very tired I read a little
bit and went to sleep quite early
it's obviously we're two hours behind in
Australia so like I went to bed like Ed
o'clock here when it was ten o'clock in
New Zealand I was absolutely exhausted
so today I'm going to go get my eyebrows
tattooed thank you for getting another
tattoo we shall see I don't know I know
where I want to get her I know what I
want I just don't know if I know where I
want to get it so depends if I can like
sit on an area
I don't know if I'm happy with my makeup
today I think I screwed up my cheeks or
something or I don't know if it's the
lighting
I don't know does Miss Carr is really
good
you still on a knockout I like it
revitalash for the win
I might just wear my hair in a bun today
no no no I'm feeling like disgusting to
say the least
like when I travel I just get so bloated
in soy and my body just like pops up in
my face my stomach my feet
actually it's disgusting I just need
like skull water or something the bun
didn't work out so I'm doing a high
ponytail instead like I have a hunchback
when I lie like this just feel like
rubbish today you don't have some days
you just feel gross and everything is
wrong like your hair is wrong with your
makeup is wrong you feel bloated it you
feel like you're like all your
clothes look terrible everything is just
bad that is me today my lipstick is
lovesick by the way I kept fondue my
outfits a little bit all over the place
and I feel sort of sore my stomach so
this type things to pray this is from
misguided and then this is from whoever
no cotton on was it Dottie
okay Dottie and then I'm wearing my
glass and shoes and if you can see it
all together but that's from wearing
it's the only thing I feel moderately
comfortable in because I'm just so
bloated like everywhere and I hate it I
think I'm just like super dehydrated and
my body is just like latching on to
everything I drink and eat it's just
nasty I hate days like this I was gonna
wear this jacket but I felt way too
girly
I wonder so filthy doesn't
just stop for breakfast quickly before
we head in to get our brows done
I might get this
numbing cream on looks so funny so yeah
today we just here again to get a little
touch-up which is like common any little
bits of ink fallout or whatever so just
getting a few stars put back in and then
good to go for the next year or two show
me yours
feels look really good natural mmm thank
you
Shannon's relaxing while the lovely
subpoenas down here beautiful eyebrows
well done
so they will fade obviously once the
field again but it looks so good now and
Shannon's getting ready for a little
procedure elliniko you do is you need a
big friend
thank you look relax a scratch
scratch
and X okay nice house have much from
rock lovely
wasn't too bad just worry guys okay so
that'll take four days up to two weeks
all the kickin and it should be perfect
thank you that's very quick you know at
for lunch this place has the best chips
I feel like the serving size is a much
bigger than the last time we bought them
that looks delicious anyway soon in
mums kicking him in the head
times they need to become fat like a
chicken now we're doing a little
touch-up on my robot that Kelly drew
because it's faded a bit oh my god my
foot looks so I grew from here
oh my god
the ambassador my song would have to be
please don't let me be me at understood
such a good song okay
my hey pickles hey willow all right bye
it's only time to pick a wedgie and my
finger get correct we had to come back
here because that was so good last time
hashtag healthy you do let's go home I
am so bloody bull just going to edit
quickly because tomorrow we're traveling
back to Brisbane so I need to set up my
video that goes like tomorrow tomorrow's
Wednesday so I need to set up my video
for tomorrow just leave it in the
description box and then also on it is a
vlog as well it would wash my toes and
then I'll talk to you a bit about what
happened today as well because I feel
like people will be panicking as it is
in this that dirt face though so
basically the reason I got some Botox in
my forehead was because I'm basically
using it as a preventative pretty much
if you keep getting like Botox
injections and stuff before your
wrinkles that stops you from getting
wrinkles in the first place so I just I
tried out I've been thinking about it
for the last couple years with my mom
about it and I've just always talked
about doing it you know I just always
thought about doing it before you know I
get wrinkles I just keep putting it off
and putting it off and putting it off
and then today I was just hit Sabinas
and she saw the lady next door does it
and then I just kind of like ended up
there and ended up doing it so I'll put
a link down below to where I got it done
it was that she liked relatively
painless like it felt like small little
pricks it wasn't painful you can
actually feel anything happening like
you can't feel any of the flow going in
anywhere or anything yeah I'm excited to
see all not really excited to see how it
looks because I mean it's not going to
really change my appearance at all it's
just as I said like preventative because
I don't really want to have tons of
wrinkles in order you know
aging is a blessing and aging is awesome
because lots of people don't even get to
age you know but I still just don't want
a shirt tie wrinkles and I'm older I'm
sorry there you go actually I'm excited
to see how it is and I am not by any
means saying you know go out and get it
it's totally up to the individual that's
something you should think about for a
while like I did and if you think it's
for you then feel free please don't try
and hate on me for doing whatever I want
with my own body because my my body you
know
Botox is like the most common cosmetic
procedure thing done like on an everyday
basis it's so not so apparently like
thousands of people get it every day
yeah
felt very comfortable and in safe hands
so I gave it a go and so far so good
not like there's much to see I think it
takes a few days yet to see all the
results everything if I forget to say
anything in this I will insert a little
clip I think it costs 8 230 au dollars
after double check yeah put some
instagrams down below to everything that
happened today my brows my botox my feet
titters oh my gosh so much happened
every time I look at my Twitter I smile
thought of my foot I'm obsessed with it
Shay did such a good job by the way J um
he's the chair of the edge of my tutors
who drew them and teach with him he's my
cousin's partner he's basically family
I've known him since I can remember
almost he's been with my cousin for
years and years and years and years and
he's a really cool guy
he's really really talented so if you're
on the Gold Coast or you know nearby
feel free to go pop in and see em for
whatever you're thinking about getting
he is so good I love his work and he did
my fingers my elephant and everything as
well so yeah he's really great I
definitely recommend him tomorrow we go
back to New Zealand we landed like to
pop that in the morning in the drive
home and then I'm gonna hop in bed at
like 3:00 a.m. and annoy Hamish and then
sleep and get up and do some emails cuz
I got so many girls to do yeah Oh Vlad I
don't know how interesting her be but I
shall vlog anyway thank you guys so much
for watching today's vlog and I'll talk
to you tomorrow bye
