get money Lily today's gonna be a bit of
day a yeah
Louise being very slow this morning
hmm
we will put up the Christmas tree later
hey you're gonna chew the lights this
year hopefully not them I've got my hair
appointment in an hour
these roots sorted out Christmas and New
Year's just in time because they're pre
her in this and I've decided I need to
drink way more water my under-eye bags
actually the worst I've been in a very
long time right now look at that sort of
rate as well so we need to sort that out
don't me yes II
this is where it come this is the one in
Kelvin Grove oh my cameras poking out
cuz it's so hot in this car oh yeah
Canada's just down there that Indian
place is really good by the way okay ooh
pink grapefruit shower gel
sounds good Lily sounds good it's not a
totally my hair just got my whole he
done got all of like underneath here
done too because I was well over do we
usually just do like a half head of flow
I can barely keep my eyes open I'm so
tired from me hey Theresa is it three
blocks it took a long time it's now past
2 p.m. my hissing for me right now
it's past 2:00 p.m. I'm stabbing a man
thing today and I might a thesaurus -
all day old I feel like right now our
past is neck so that's when it makes
it's nice and soft not the healthiest
thing of course Platt um
delicious mom believes reading six
minutes that's what I need right now how
is this rated 3.5 on the health star
rating there is such BS this is not good
view whatsoever
oh no artificial colors or flavors no
edit image J that's probably the only
good thing about it it's just like pure
cobs and purses but anyway I'm excited
because I love these i guesstimate when
i pull them up and you tidy up the it
kitchen again to her
Oh No here we go again
Maggie yes I'm gonna eat and eat it
while I'm eating and look how cute the
Sun are you sure you're not a cat are
you sure
hey man it's such a beautiful day all I
want to do right now and sit outside of
the Sun but I'll get my work done first
it's sunny too late these days anyway
and I want to prep the Christmas tree
later I'm so excited and I also really
want to start cleaning my beauty room so
I might just some of that after I
finished my work as well while I was
tidying up I found my bin Munro's it
paint calendar as well so I stir the
supposed to do it again I'm very
difficult in the sixth okay first we
have warmth it's like a mini little like
a boost I guess like a bronze loose
bronze eye kind of product - good I'm
going to snap my now getting lazy oh my
gosh it's so tight in there this here is
a strip mini lipstick oh my gosh is so
small in here um three okay honestly
like I cannot get these out I go up so
long okay this is a marvel i are
this is a lip gloss by the looks of it
and it is in the shade a Tribble it's
just a nice kind of pinky shade turn it
off that's gonna focus v is a mini
mascara and they in six
is a mini lipstick in the shade we bound
which is a really nice pink color which
it's refusing to focus once again oh my
gosh that's so hot oh my god and then
lash domination mascara okay so show you
how much I took my room and put that
away they were in my room I managed to
tidy up most of the floor in it that
fire area all that stuff this for
giveaways have it cleaned most of my
bench up I've just got a few more things
to put away tomorrow and I knew wipe it
down I've got to put away that stuff up
there and then I've still got heaps of
stuff to put away down here as well so
yeah that's where I'm at 6 o'clock so I
spend a good like about 3 hours doing
that this depressing because I feel like
I'm not even well I am kind of close to
being done but you know what I mean so
now I need Hamish has helped to get out
the Christmas tree and I'm gonna put it
here like I do every year so I can move
all of Louie's beards from down there
just goes in the corner spare time
tap with the tree but I'm able this it's
hot Oh God
why do they have a spa okay we're just
studying at the tree I've got a face
mask on aircon is going up I know I'm
waiting for it too
there we go get to get closer okay so
it's just reading my comments on my
latest blog and someone's asked for an
update on beach houses do you want to
explain it in a few simple words finish
no basically there's just nothing come
up that we've loved one house came up
that was one that we actually law I've
blogged about it and I don't know I we
just didn't have a gut feeling for it
and with big hippie and I out we've
literally looked at every single new
house on the market
yeah we've well yeah we look at every
single week so and we've got our like
real estate lady that emails us stuff
that she knows suits us because we've
got certain requirements like we really
want something with a balcony we want
something close to the beach we want
like four bedrooms so that we've got
enough room for our friends and family
but yeah nothing's come out kids
that's simple answer we're really gutted
we're hoping to have one for the summer
but it just hasn't worked out like that
so that's just life tree update I don't
like this light pattern we haven't got
decorations yeah obviously just
sometimes look how pretty oh I wait for
the angel a gold angel we're hoping at
the top of the tree yeah well if you
know what if it has there's a bit more
purple well they fall yeah we can put
all this these are our little funny ones
we got one yeah hmm
I have a really cool one on the bench
I've got seen this one it's got stack
confetti don't eat it okay
please don't eat it I think we're just
gonna order pizza for dinner cuz we see
B if I'm putting here there's some rumor
on the back it's like it's so lopsided
me till he excited hey Joey
he thinks it is last year he was really
good needs an inky in the oh I think you
might have got one but I would say
that's pretty good considering he's a
dog I found one mm-hmm I like this play
his real beer
he's something colorful cute oh we never
that read one right here yes
hope you guys enjoyed it today's vlog I
told you guys tomorrow
