good morning it is Saturday I am
currently lying in bed hold on B I
should say only beard my towel I just
had a shower I'm just playing some games
on my phone I don't want to get up it's
so miserable outside it's like raining
and grey and yuck I hate it it's like
winter look at it it looks less gross
then it doesn't rely for some reason I'm
just playing that jelly something how
come what it's called torn from Easter
day no I don't want to buy anything got
a package from Anastasi bibley who's
moving you liquid lipsticks wait I've
got getting it kidnaps my my faves house
soft lilac naked action Ashton's
beautiful I seen was it your freestyle
will that one I think oh that looks nice
to crush will open it and just see what
it looks like it's so pretty so that
one's crush so pretty let's see what
naked looks like I really wanted to see
another nerd because that other one is
so pale there's such a nice node it's
like the perfect nude for my skin tone
setting I hate this weather the guy in a
year after lunch
we did not realize how much so she came
in these Mills it's good value but way
too much food here their performance
yeah hi
you're so big now hello my beautiful
puppies you know hi hi do I smell like
Aries hey Maya traitor I am a traitor I
am sure everyone you'll hear cut shows
him it's a little bit crooked cuz
someone was getting grumpy say he's so
soft now yeah you're so soft so happy a
hit a bath this morning as well
he smells delicious he's still disgusted
at me because I was playing with the
Reese hey you look so cute with your
haircut yes you do just snotted like a
pig he's got a little cow belly sitter
they night in with a mesh house pizza
got corn bite sandwiches which I already
started eating look YUM double YUM this
is kind of like Hawaiian and then this
one's like Seoul say avvocato and tomato
and stuff yeah hey guys I still
apologize I think I mean to sleep last
night without saying good night
well we did last night was or watched
horror movies I forgot our pizza and
then I went to sleep I guess I played
games on my phone so yeah that's what we
did it was a really good show Saturday
night so today it's Sunday I put a pic
today I've got to do some flies today
but first we're gonna hit into town I
want to see if there's any foundations
out there can do first impressions on
and I need to get a suitcase I need to
get a gift for someone I need to hear
the suitcase because this one's a zip so
absolutely effed and that one I bought
recently is like the biggest size
suitcase I don't need that big of a
suitcase for this trip I'm going for
like three days so
I needed by and your this sized suitcase
which is the one I use the most often
because like I take this when I go to
walk clean and everything be at the zip
is just absolutely screwed up and I'm
scared it's just gonna fall apart one
day like while it's being moved around
at the airport
Oh nightmare man Hamish screwed up
apparently daylight savings was last
night and so we've gotten to the Plaza
way too early like we look way too keen
we thought it was like 10:30 right now
but it's a semi 9:30 and it doesn't open
till teens now we've gotta figure out
what to do for half an hour while little
bit
it's what it is avoiding the juice
minute is that same way oh no no it's
recent Hey
hitting into the coffee club got green
tea she's a lot freeing to this is
Hamish is chocolate sauce Rico
chocolates all say that's key so here's
the near suitcase I bought matches my
mess when I bought recently it was a
size smaller which is good for just
Auckland travel national travel going to
Australia my other ones more for like
you know those giant trips like when I
went to Italy so yeah this is what I got
was on a really good say Oh - it's 40%
off so Tony called site 120 something I
think it was usually a lot more than
that
just picking my makeup so I'm using this
thing I got from cotton on and then I've
just got my brushes in one compartment
because I don't really need to make a
brush roll because I'm not taking tons
it all just fits in here and I've got
some hair tie things
chen√© like pellets naked flushed pellet
and you mascara I'm going to try out to
the estate Lauder sumptuous knockout
mascara while I'm away I got a brow gel
even though I'm getting my eyebrows - I
really won't really need it and then one
lip color this is lovesick by Kat Von D
two different colored concealers and
foundations just so I can kind of
customize them because I don't know if
I'm gonna be fake to internal remove
translucent powder
cheechee call me a face primer by it
cosmetics
I think we're amazing cuz yes I can
remember Stila kit in um yeah it's my
bronzer highlight blush it's all in here
I think that's enough alright I'll
finish picking up my toiletries latest
night slash at 1 a.m. when I get up
because I've obviously gotta brush my
teeth and stuff so yeah I've got
everything in here makeup I just bought
heaps and heaps of clothing with me I've
got way too much but I just can't even
be bothered like picking properly so
I've just checked heaps of stuff you
know I've got like however many kilos
like he'd sneak 2 kilos this is quite
light still so it's not going to be
overweight and at least I won't run out
of options I just don't know what I feel
like wearing I don't know the withers
likes I've got a pair of jeans I've got
a few skirts and shorts and t-shirt it's
in a couple of different jackets lush
cardigans as well so no this time of
year it's still quite warm in Australia
usually but sometimes it gets cold and
sometimes it rains and sometimes it's
like super hot so I'm kind of covered
for any situation and I've got plenty of
pairs of underwear so I should be okay
and then I'll be taking this carry-on
with me but I'm just taking it putting
it in here
until the morning I'm gonna take my
Kindle with me from the plane headphones
and now I'm just going to remember my
vlogging camera charger as well okay
we're going out to all the endo to play
some golf because there's a one in
tournament a golf club so we can't go
play there
yes you try that right say it's the
passion buildings
it's got like soda water and passion for
it in lime and stuff you know I almost
died you need to commit failure that you
got all geared up and then you just
stood there any time my daughter
pedals ready oh no all right put a hit
early night because I wake up at 1:40
a.m. to go to actin so I'm gonna shut
off my why do I look so rude the sliding
is really weird there we go so I'm just
going to say good night now
ouch my camera so that it's ready for
tomorrow as well
I don't forget it fingers crossed talk
tomorrow
