good morning everyone so we just got
back from the German skylight so it's
really cool to past 11:00 so that's not
ideal I'm still everything today I still
don't want to put my contacts I feel
kind of okay today but I just want to
wait one more day just in case because I
do not want to go through that again
anytime soon must have a smoothie for
breakfast we might be doing dinner with
my mum tonight I might cook her
something otherwise I don't know what
we're gonna do tonight if that doesn't
end up happening just pretty chill day
I've got a couple of packages as well
which I'll show you quick I also need to
put away all of this stuff it's like all
that lush stuff
so good
do you guys find it weird how like
sometimes you'll get a song stuck in
your head and you start singing yeah and
you're like oh yeah whatever blah blah
and then people like yeah I was just on
the radio but like obviously you were
listening to it and taking it in and
your brain but you don't realize you
where do you know what I mean like it's
so weird how that happens I just saying
this mike posner song that's on the
radio now because I was listening to it
ages ago like just on Spotify because I
love my clothes now and he was like yeah
it's just when I radio I was like huh I
didn't even realize but I obviously
didn't realize because I was singing it
anyway stupid conversation I've got some
mail so let's open it so I got some
meter I think they're like hair clips or
something hair accessories so we've got
a little twisty hair things some cute
little I'm here ties the pill ones so
cute I'm guessing this is like a ring
around
fiha ponytail maybe this is really
pretty like you been that's cute be cute
for like a Grecian kind of look so it
Elizabeth
adding machine tests and stuff this will
be Hamish is add some blue fragrance for
me cool packaging like that hopefully it
smells nice
I'll go give it a time machine pedicure
press releases and some kind of
fragrance and some makeup random effect
I love Elizabeth odd and that one's
upside down lipsticks if that's so
underrated they're really luxurious like
they're just as good as like why sell
Rouge oddest in tints and like all of
those kind of friends all of these here
my current Elizabeth Arden lipsticks I
think forgot like two or three more and
my drawers but they are really really
good I don't use them very often though
I don't know why but they are good so
they see me three colors this one is
called a bit vile a teeny it's a little
bit hard to read it's on the metallic
packaging that's rose Aurora and then
that one's cherry bomb very there's all
of the colors they're $52 they are
pricey it's Elizabeth out and it's like
luxurious quality but yeah
definitely go to like is it farmers that
stalks them I think where is it so I
don't even know I'm pretty sure farmer
stops it anyway definitely go to in
Elizabeth Arden Canton just watch them
on your hair and try them out
oh it's pretty spirit I did not even
click okay listen if they're cute bottle
I feel like it's definitely more of a
like teen orientated kind of like a
style like it's quite fun and oh my gosh
it smells so good it smells like summer
and it smells that sweets or any Spears
with his sweet smells yeah definitely if
you have like a little sister or
something or I feel like of the younger
generation perfect I don't know if I
would wear it I feel like I would wear
it actually it's like a very fresh clean
smell here the nuts pink grapefruit
passionfruit hibiscus orange blossom
white amber blue mask of another coconut
yeah it's very tropical and very fruity
and YUM
oh my gosh this phone case it's by Chara
freak me I don't know I love this I'm
gonna use it and then they also seen
this Elizabeth I didn't grand entrance
mascara is the brand of the phone case
that's so cute
so it's 1 p.m. now I just spent the last
couple I always interesting a couple
videos so that's done I've got enough to
use for Newsweek now which is really
good but I'll still probably let one
more video like beautifully oh and then
some vlogs this afternoon um I think I
got the package so I'll just go check a
sauce I bought some shirts for golf from
ASOS so let's have a look alright so I
got these all in this size medium
hopefully they fit ok I don't like a
small and risk it being small or tight
or anything either because obviously I'm
using them to workout not actually
working out the golf you know like you
you're quiet just swinging and walking
around and stuff so I don't really know
if I like the color of this one like
this white underneath it's kind of like
a eggshell white but this one's like a
long-sleeve cod board so it's a long
slave so I'd probably just wear this
with like some kind of pence with
something and in a tree here with quite
pricey this one is the brand lazy ARF
this one is afraid of Perry but I
couldn't find polo shirts
anywhere like literally anyway I went to
like sports shops do they have them at
like clothes shops and stuff but they
kind of fit really ugly so hopefully
these ones don't they look really good
on the website but they're just like
t-shirt ones I'm gonna have a rep for
lunch with one of these lunch was
incredible I'm just going to fill up my
water in there and put away all the
makeup I've gotten recently and then I'm
going to do some more editing it is
quarter past two so awful so forth so I
put all my stuff away I'm just gonna
clean some brushes quick clips got a few
I need to get done there's a few in
there I should clean - yeah I put
everything away and took out all the
rubbish so I'm just gonna do that
quickly named to go ahead back and do
some more editing what's the time now
2:30 you know it is chained to six my
mom's on her way with the very soon I'm
gonna make a bitchy burgers and fries to
dinner occasion fries and like craving
Asian fries I think I might do a mixture
of sweet potato and normal potato I'm
not that hungry because the lunch was so
falling but we could see my moment seen
her in a while
probably made way to mini but I edit in
it some olive oil and then if it's gonna
focus God there we go
I put in some Himalayan pink salt cajun
spices and just like garlic so hopefully
they end up tasting good there looks
like there's a lot but it's because it's
only on the top once it's all mixed
through it should be good yeah young you
excited to eat this month I am darling
burger night is there tide free here
cats
is it time I think it must be time yeah
yes I love you too so many instructions
bribe them with treats
mmm say good night so you know he's just
dinner watch hips a TV chatted and then
yeah that's all nothing fun to vlog
unfortunately but it's alright don't
know what we're doing this week in being
loving these lazy weekends because
usually we're not usually but you guys
know for a few months there it was just
like jam-packed like all the time stuff
happening traveling a lot blah blah blah
so may be nice but on Sunday at like
1:00 a.m. I've got a friggin drive to
Wellington to go catch a flight or want
to Auckland to Australia I can't even
think it's like I'll talk to you guys
tomorrow
Hey
