good money and everyone's Thursday and I
feel really sick this morning I just got
back from the gym I screwed up today I
took pre-workout and I took vitamins
without eating and it made me feel
really really really sick
to the point where I had to like go sit
in the bathroom for walks I felt like I
was gonna spew everywhere so I just
walked on my train mode just like really
chill um go to my stairs that didn't
really work out there hop I just felt
really sick I was just maybe playing
mister finishes workout so now I'm gonna
make something decent for breakfast and
I'll probably just have a smoothie for
lunch instead of breakfast because I
just feel really sick still today it's
just another editing day breakfast is
served
got some stuff from earlier Judy free
press release children of my teammates
New Zealand debut Shannon enjoy from the
team at Elia thank you good so beautiful
right so they can maybe my stroke glow
foundation this is in the shape fall
which should make me well I've got fake
town anyway I think this is a look like
it reminds me of a Cuban a Kwan
packaging and then I guess this is a lip
bolster and then these I think our
liquid I should ours buckle packaging
and then they sent me a maestro eraser
dot circle eraser and a pressed powder
comes with like a little sponge as well
and then a lipstick that's a beautiful
like fuchsia life you should pink and it
is in the shade 514 and then another box
here I have chilly at my nose it's
making me want to sneeze
shredded paper is up there with packing
peanuts guys at least it's recyclable
all right so this is that's quite cute
look Lalita it's a perfume he has a
perfume this is a really cute pop be
quite cute for a makeup brushes even
anyways let's have a look at this
believers new natural light perfume
range because $40 for 50ml they're
natural let's give it a sniff here's the
packaging it smells like lollies and
like licorice that's where that can't be
right where the scent of summer on your
skin inspired by the bright citrusy top
notes of the sea buckthorn berry egg
groom evokes the essence of sunshine who
leans of essential oils of grapefruit
mint during warm turns of sandalwood
okay I can smell the citrus now but for
some reason it will so smoothly
liquorice to me maybe it's just the
blend I don't know maybe my nose is just
screwed up because I just ate chili okay
I need to go do some it is meow edge
though shout this but here's some thing
I feel a million times better since I
ate that toast
best breakfast choice ever who wants to
go for a walk Lily do you want it go for
a walk hey is that a yes take it to the
dog pack or the river I should say yeah
yeah that sounds fantastic
perfect where are we Louie was crying
before but you're here we going scratch
I cry cry let's go
this way this way runway come on there
we go
they're off I'm rubbing himself in it
come on such a beautiful day me doing
walking into me like to sweep walks
you're a spider web you lost a petal you
just like walks in a little bit and then
he stands there and they need to
inserting comes down again
yeah it's gonna get deep it's a floating
Zeus he's like oh no too deep
you're away so you dare shake off you
ready oh thank you yeah I knew that was
gonna happen
come on then let's go back that's like
the worst order for them to swim in
sorry it's really jagged I'm like look
here they need to go to the Esplanade I
just wanted to show you guys like what a
difference different faces make mate
sorry I'll go out tomorrow has a black
base with the same color which is that
very top one the next base down is an
emerald green base and then the one
enter there is a white base and then the
one ends of there is just a skin tone
base and then this is the jabo chrome
eyeshadow from my palette that one there
just wanted to show you what a
difference like different bases can make
to their color like a majorem I should
are and it's like any Joker am I sure
not exactly this one but just to give
you ideas I thought it was like a cool
little thing to show you so you can
really like create different looks
depending on the base you choose and
then like you could do like a purple
base brown base like all sorts it's
really fun to experiment with I think I
like the skin tone base the base the
very first one it's like a really nice
warm brown with like slight green kind
of undertones and then with the black
it's more green and then of course on a
green base it's super green and then on
the white base it's very purplish I was
gonna have a smoothie for lunch but I
think I'll just have leftovers leftover
curry I swear to God I must be about to
get my period people are commenting on
my page oh I meant done forgetting a
rant in a while I'm so I'm seeing like
people actually don't realize how
hurtful it is when they say things about
me like when they when it comes to
things like you don't respect your
followers you don't you're not thankful
for your followers both a blast like
this person saying like I never reply to
anyone which I totally do I don't reply
to you Rico make you imagine like the
lack of life I would have if I hit to
reply everyone totally unrealistic I
reply to people on Twitter favourite
people's tweets rich retweet people on
Twitter all the freaking time it's been
an hour yesterday
coming to my new they are replying to
call means I reply to random comments on
my videos all the time and then like
saying I never reply to anyone online my
social media that's a total lie and then
they just saying like oh she used to be
so humble and blah blah and this girl's
like very humble to begin with and now
it's always major cleavage no humbleness
like you I love her it's like no you
don't cuz if you loved me you wouldn't
never say these things about me because
it's hurting my feelings and I'm sorry
if you like me wouldn't call me that I
mean even if you want to think it you're
not gonna forget like write it on my
page where I can clearly see comments
and then she's like like you I love her
I just wish a little bit more class and
think use here and there can't hurt I'm
like you me
how often have I said in my videos like
thank you for your support thank you so
much that I couldn't do this without you
I feel like if I select much more often
I would start to piss people off you
know what I mean like it just gets to me
and then like I was like what if I
replied I was like I find this really
rude he loved me you wouldn't say these
things they're really hurtful I say
thank you all the damn time
nothing I ever do is good enough it's
true I don't know why I may be angry
like I swear I must be about to my
period or something you know
damned if I do damned if I darn there's
nothing I can do right I can't do
anything right
and then they ignored me and said Jaclyn
hill is obviously another huge youtuber
still takes the time for Twitter posts
thanks each and every one of us classy
still gets everything done yeah that's
fair enough Jaclyn hill is amazing but
you can't compete a one person to
another you know what I mean like I'm
sure she's working on her own stuff she
I don't know I don't actually know how
often she uploads or anything but like
that's fine it's not comparison
you know like it's just it's like if you
loved me you would know that I do these
things as well and it just annoys me
because I actually do appreciate my
subscribers a lot and when people like
this come and try it hear me down I'm
just like piss off like people didn't
call me fat and ugly as much as I want
but as soon as they start saying like oh
she doesn't appreciate us and then it's
like you don't know what you're talking
about because you don't know how I feel
I genuinely like I'm so thankful and for
people to write these things on my posts
it's just so rude and hurtful like I
don't know what I've done to these
people to make them think
there I actually blocked oh I don't know
if that was a good decision or not
because she wasn't being like hot out
nasty but I'm just sick of it I don't
have to sit here and say all these
comments resting about me on my own page
I find it so hurtful and this is my page
this is a place for me and my viewers
and like positivity I'm not gonna sit
here and let people like just bitch on
my picture
it's a bloody selfie like leave me alone
it's just so rude and this other girl I
replied to and she just completely
ignored my reply like didn't even
acknowledge it and they just kept like
talking to this other girl like yeah
it's just like whatever like I mean you
got what you wanted I replied to you of
course like the time I reply to you is
now always just gonna be that time I had
to stick up for myself and justify
myself which I don't like doing you know
I don't really like doing that because I
shouldn't have to do that but that
sometimes it just gets bitter of me and
I just want to tell people you know like
I want to be like no hold on
you were wrong about me not likely gonna
believe me that's the other thing like I
could sit here and rant and rave about
like how I'm thankful and people are
still gonna just not believe me they're
always gonna be people out there that
will like go out of their way to
misunderstand you and I need to not take
it to heart just as a pissed-off mood I
wanted to talk to someone about it
I talked to hear much about and he's
like Vicki it's just ignored them
figures oh I'm like yeah but
sometimes I just need someone to be like
cash in it you're right even though no
one's talking to me right now I'll just
pretend my you guys are on my side just
so upsetting I try so hard I try to put
out videos for you guys like good videos
I try to like interact with you as much
as I can but at least bill next I work a
lot I work all day editing and film and
stuff I also do extra beauty stuff when
I have spare time at night time I don't
want to lie there even though half the
time I do do this because I can't give
myself time off I just feel like I
should be doing things that you know
when I do take a couple hours off and
like watch TV movies and things without
being on my phone like I think that's
okay because everyone deserves time off
frustrating like if people don't think
I'm good enough and don't think I'm
thankful and think Willie's things about
me I honestly just wish like they would
just
not watch my videos anymore because I
would rather them not watch my videos
then have them watching me in bitching
you know I'd rather have like less
viewership of people that just were nice
to each other and kind to each other and
respected me not like I'm like my
husband or anything then just people
that like a really hateful and mean to
me and you know you know when I started
YouTube everyone's always like you got
yourself into this
you deserve it because you're a public
figure or like whatever whatever it's
like do you really think that when I was
like 16 or 17 or however old I was when
I started my channel that I would even
have thought that I would be sitting
here talking to like millions of people
across like my YouTube and Facebook and
everything like no I always thought it
would be amazing if I ever had like 100
subscribers you know what I mean like I
never expected for this to be this so
for people to say like you should expect
it and that's just what you get it's
just kind of like but why because I
never asked for this it happened and I'm
very thankful that it happened but like
there's such a shitty excuse to like
hate on someone or like tell someone
that they deserve to be hated on just
because like you know something out of
my control here like I'm sorry that
people ended up liking my videos like
what do you want me to say like okay
everyone I'm a punching bag like throw
your insult at me I just needed to vent
I'm not feeling very well today
I'm feeling very upset anyway time to
continue editing I've got lots to do I
just finished editing a new vlog so that
is uploading now it is quoted six so I'm
going to brave the supermarket the
reason I say brave the student mock is
because I feel like this is like a peak
time after work time when everyone goes
to the supermarket it's always really
hectic and busy if I want to make some
like burrito bowls for dinner so I need
to go get some supplies I've got most of
stuff but I want to get some sweet corn
and some reps and I don't know how do
you get a few other bits and pieces what
an absolute mission alright time to chop
he's done that came issues in mind and
we're gonna have a rector these are the
reps were using these are really really
really good I couldn't finish one puppy
two puppies hello I love you
I'm semi obsessed with this game it's
called a gummy drop I start on an edge
for another kid I downloaded it but it's
actually really fun it's kinda like
candy crush is in my empty sofa whoop
more inhaler there is so much that I'm
gonna go through all of this and all of
this quickly and I've got one more use
of my oil so I'm going to use that now
and put that in my images as well we
need to film another one already well I
finished it I put it on just now so I
could throw mayonnaise it's all done
definitely anime can order now I've been
putting it off oh my god I just found
this at the back of my own drawers it
looks really grumpy but the pride inside
is fine so I'm gonna finish using it
there's like a third left but I just
wanted to say this is like the best
smelling body about it there is ever
it's so good it smells like mango at
star 9 score I just ran out of my pit
bull shampoo I found this in here to
come so me free in fates hands as well
like this is for now oh my gosh it's
about time I did this who knows how old
these eye drops are gross
alright give these in the stuff I'm
throwing away and then some stuff I'm
donating stole looks like there's a ton
in here but I actually did clear it out
quite a bit and then I also did clear
this out quite a bit too there's so many
late moisturizers and stuff I just have
to use like the last little amounts of
so that's my nice gold task I'm just
going to shape down here make sure
there's nothing and there's well and
then I'm done
