good morning everyone so I just got back
from the gym as you can see eyes are
feeling a ton bitter and they still not
100% and I'm still gonna wear glasses
for the next couple days while they
still feel a little bit dry so yeah just
clip it from there Jim oh my gosh I feel
so unfit just stop - tag you off like
what a week where you room about long
been staying but I'm going to eat it
today obviously just because I don't
really want to wear makeup or anything I
don't really want to film for a day or
two yet just because I want my eyes to
completely recover before putting
anything that could irritate them on
even you stay didn't wash my face I just
used water and then I washed like from
here down but yeah I just use like water
at night just to like wipe my face
because I don't want to get any slopes
or moisturizers or anything in my eyes
or anything I just have been very
careful and I have a smoothie for
breakfast change you know I wanna go to
shower like eight set because I'm just
super sleepy and disgusting we have two
packages here and I also got sent some
more cider so thank you to the team at
my lair for that I haven't tried it
before so I'm excited but obviously I'm
not going to drink that right now maybe
on the weekend ace ace look how cute he
looks he's so chill
he's like stepping mm-hmm and you hello
No
all right so we have something from
Clinique and we have something from
Oasis Beauty I've already read this
little Chris release on my email but
basically the person who created Isis
skincare had super super sensitive skin
and wanted to create some natural
skincare so Oasis beauty has literally
created for people that have super
sensitive skin and when I have really
gentle skin care which I thought was a
cute little backstory she's really
pretty
so they've seen me this berry tonic
toner out refreshing skin brightening
fruity facial tonic this house then that
Clinique has no idea what's in here
excited for these that's how they look
let me know if you want to first
impression there's so many first
impressions today so this is a intense
ivory chubby in the nude foundation
stick oh yeah I posted this meme and it
was like because Clinic my email I
always saw that post on your page it was
this meme and it was like me as a makeup
product chubby in the dude it was so
funny so I'm so excited to try that I
like the packaging I love silver
packaging that's the color looks like
quite a good match for me hopefully it's
the right undertone
can't really tell just by looking at it
and then they also sent me a pit start I
cream is - Thank You Clinique for that
it is such a privilege to be able to
hold and cuddle Zeus because he never
lets anyone hey you smell like dog
biscuits did you just burp you - it just
I need to stop everything in my face
because it's very rude
because now they're bad overreacting why
is it that some days the good green
stuff tastes so much stronger did I put
too much in
probably Luiz crying because he's a kid
the black vote was up there any can't
get and he can't get up on the couch
shitty it makes all of them helping him
he was like huh huh yeah I hope so funny
up up come on
he knows that word I promise he's just
being stubborn you're right little baby
he go usually he can get in himself but
sometimes he needs a little bit of help
this blanket is quite big it's probably
why who needs a baby when you have an
italian grand tryna do a freaking
voiceover and this little devil don't my
my bra on the coffee table
look at him with this be heat way you a
evil aren't you he was just standing
there and like squeaking it like
it every time I talk every time I try to
do a voiceover huh yes you oh my god
that dinosaur looks so dodgy right there
maybe that's just me I don't know can I
get back to it thank you okay let's do
this
me and Hamish you know this oh my hip on
the beach Hamish serving another um
smoothie for lunch I'm gonna make a
banana coffee vanilla spinach one
obsessed with smoothie is there suck not
very hungry
it's the reason we're doing a smoothie
for lunch because I'm doing really bad
lately either eating junk food or not
eating it all and it's not good okay
it's like a banana milkshake put kale in
today oh this option too much three
o'clock she's been eating all day doing
thumbnails I think some metal wrapped as
well so just go check all right I got a
crap ton of clothes from whitefox beauty
I'm gonna do a haul exciting yay yeah I
love white fox pursue it's one of my
favorites so one of your favorites yeah
then I got something from it dried
cosmetics and I don't know what's in
here alright so I got some stuff from
the farm meets Matt Hughes he's like a
liquid lipsticks of Sears
chocolate I don't know why I couldn't
open that properly I just wrote them lip
so these are hell at the liquid
lipsticks look in here the colors if you
are interested so thank you to the bum
for seen these to me have to try them
out at some stage the colors look really
nice like real muted on trend kind of
autumn colors and then some more Hydra
matte liquid lipsticks by dry cosmetics
or open them up and show you the colors
the colors are stunning I especially
love this one so there is West Coast
everything nice in 1995 and summer lovin
alright it is 5:30 I finished work a few
minutes ago just I was just finish off
the day with some emails but yeah it did
lots of Peters Hang Ups to what lots to
do
I did some like mini videos as well and
it is there and it is sort of log just
now and I'm working on a Sephora haul
now I just started that before yay ooh
dip me anyways I'm gonna make a
home-cooked meal to Jay I'm gonna try
this creamy beginning it chickpea curry
I've searched vegan chickpea curry
because I felt like chickpeas and I felt
like curry so I'm gonna base it off this
recipe I'm not gonna copy it exactly
because I freaking hate cilantro devil's
food it's disgusting I hate it it's one
of those things I feel like you either
love it or hate it I hate it so yeah I'm
going to try this I think I've got
everything oh I don't have that though
I'll just use what I have we'll see how
it turns out by the way this is the
website if you want to let you try it
out for yourself by the way the service
is barking by the way here oh all my
newest videos let me know if you've seen
them also I've got a get ready with me
kind of like tutorial video here makeup
in skin I showed the Dutch braids and
then the video with edelyn is up my
Chinese Ellen candy and then my makeup
collection is two parts to that and then
I've got a mellow lip swatch of a video
these are actually amazing these are
what I've been wearing in some of my
blogs lately they last all day and then
my Urban Decay Naked skin went in one
first impression let me know which video
is your favor as well as I know what
tries to do more of yes I found some
green at curry paste this one is vegan I
know some of them have like I'm not
vegan by the way but I'm just trying to
cook some vegan meals at green and again
some curry paste I know I have like
shrimp and seafood like powders and
random stuff in them but this one
doesn't not ginger garlic chickpeas and
coconut cream I need to find all the
rest of the ingredients
I added some plain white potato in here
- so there's white camera orange camera
what's here then is cooking up some red
onions first
now put the garlic and curry paste
headed in a little bit of coconut cream
and drains much at peace successfully
making a massive mess as per normal
the coconut sugar in there and I'm gonna
do some lime spinach and I'm just using
the stress and she's hella looks looks
delicious
my rice portioned versus Hamish's rice
portion I'm so bad with rice well like I
like rice but I don't eat much rice it's
really weird I pretty much add rice just
to make my curry and to lumpy soup it's
done it really took me about 25 minutes
to make also including like peeling the
veggies it tastes amazing I already
tried it the kurma taste so good it's so
creepy tasting Hamish said it's still
too spicy for him so would notice but
the Innisfree volcanic mask on a clay
mask cuz my skin feels like junk today
probably because you said I couldn't
wash it proper we just say finished
season 2 of the killing what you think
anyway yes yeah it's unexpected you find
out what happened at the end of season
so you think you find out at the end of
season 1 but you know yeah it keeps
carrying on I don't know how they gonna
continue it now but I guess we'll find
out but yeah we had a bit of a binge
tonight how many episodes we watch like
six that's not it yeah we're like oh
yeah must be almost over next thing it's
like 1:00 a.m. so there you go yeah it's
really good if you like crime detective
kind of shows then I definitely
recommend I think it's really good it
takes a couple it's supposed to kind of
get into and like the characters are all
really annoying at first but you kind of
grow to like them a bit better after a
while even though some of the characters
still annoy me but the storyline is
really good it's quite easy to follow as
well like it's still really like
in-depth and unexpected but it's not
really hard to follow you know some
shows it's just like what's even
happening right now it's not like that
it's good anyway I'm gonna sleep now
this is such bad lighting what does my
kid do I tell it like an 80 year old
woman gonna play had a good day or night
or whatever and I thought you tomorrow
I
