hey everyone remember how I said my
always look at like 2:00 a.m. maybe an
arrow saw my gosh feels like hell who me
the eye drops and flannels and all sorts
of stuff because it wasn't like the
worst manage take painkillers um so I
was like it's not better by the time I
wake up I'm gonna have to go to the
doctor but it's not as bad now I just
can't look into direct light so I'm
gonna give it a couple of hours enough
like by lunchtime it's still really sore
it's not like to bed now it's just the
sights a little bit sore but I put in
some eyedrops nurse better yeah if it's
not better later sir I'm gonna go in to
my doctor and get them to check
nothing's wrong I know
okay sounds stupid like I should be
guided or surely look at some eyes and
stuff but I've hit stop let this happen
before I show my contact scratched my
eye a little bit cuz I could feel it
scratch on the top of the side like up
here this I is just seriously drives not
anywhere near as bad so I've just been
using my silicon
I think it's silicon or something like
that eyedrops they're real like it's
slippery
I don't need painkillers this money so
it's a good sign you guys need to risk
them and not I'm gonna have to eat it
today though I was gonna say not stare
at computer screens all day I'll just
see how I feel I'll play it by ear
if I can't eat it I can't eat it a Louie
yeah yeah or like yeah jump tomorrow
morning and that's not happening as I
get back into my routine I've been
thrown out by this long week in business
should be right by tomorrow though they
usually clear up pretty quickly like
usually heal pretty quick so yeah I'm
gonna go shower now
oh so tired because I could sleep well
I'm a shower I'm not gonna wash my face
properly I'm just gonna use water on my
face because I'm so scared that I'm
gonna get something like soapy in my
eyes I hate my eyes so much this kind of
stuff evidence me a lot not a lot but
it's happened to me a lot since I've won
contests I started wearing contacts when
I was like how old must have been about
12 11 been wearing them for a really
long time of my life and over the years
this kind of thing thing pops up every
once in a while it's not the worst I've
had either
I think my contacts must have got
something on them whether it be makeup
or dust or something I mean it just
destroyed me I seriously hope I can get
LASIK I don't know I'm really scared
that I'm gonna go back in and think I
got now your eyes are too thin or
whatever and then I'm not gonna be there
I've been taking such good care of my
eyes since all of my appointments like
more than normal like doing like
eyedrops and warm cloths under my eyes
just like help the moisture and
everything which I'll do this morning to
look at this dog ah eyes just a pain in
the ass
honestly if you have good eyesight and
good eyes I never take it for granted
because I would just kill to have no
eyes
Hamish make me a smoothie currently
lying on the couch trying to forget it
uh I wanted to I was it it feels a
little bit bitter but it's still quite
sensitive what I really feel like as
well as future might have been toast and
avocado on toast with chili okay cuties
hi hi this is what Louie does
every time one of them goes out of
kicked all the other one waits there and
either like sniff them like that pounces
on them bites their legs like here's now
they're so rude to each other
brotherly love my eyes definitely
improved a lot I've just been putting
eye drops every couple hours and yeah
just have the screens on very low damn
nests and things like that just all
those little things
I'll be right soon just one of those
unfortunate things that happens
sometimes to contact lens wear is stupid
dry eyes and little cats and things
which sounds nasty but it's just part of
it I guess
Hamish got me something okay it is a two
video as my eyes don't call me again
distant gardeners doing our gardening a
woman and you can hear them so I'm
actually just gonna relax now I might
see if I can read it a Kindle because
you know how the Kindle has that
paperwhite so that's quite gentle on the
eyes am I just relax and watch that
enough that photos I'm just gonna take a
nap so talk to you guys in a bit
it's 3:00 p.m. see I got quite a bit of
work I didn't get a vlog out today but
his lucid my eyes again saw it's a
couple videos for next week or and
there's a video for this week in one for
next week as well I'm still gonna eat it
another one for Friday but I'll probably
do that tomorrow the next day depending
when my eyes feel better don't feel like
bed not to the doctor and so bad I
should just go but probably waiting in
here a friggin appointment anymore it's
- I just need rest
I shall be good
they did the gardens for ass they look
much better now I'm going to place it
big how's it looking Zeus do you approve
looks much better I was getting very
overgrown how plants like dying in here
yes I grew a succulent
in the grass in the ground look my feet
Joe a tree is growing
when I first planted this when we first
moved in it was only like down here and
then in green I bought it for me and a
lemon tree or an orange tree a tree but
this is a cherry blossom tree the way
maybe this is a lemon tree oh my god
hugging a tree
oh my god is the whole fruit holy
should I pick it I don't know is it
ready
I can't tell tell me if it's ready in
the comments he's like another one I got
one orange one yet and that was it oh
there's three little ones here too
whoo look who's growing the ring I'm
really bad at God
hi hey guys my eyes a little bit better
now just spent the afternoon slash night
watching some TV some of that killing
with Hamish hoping to go the gym
tomorrow morning cuz I feel like a slob
like I feel gross and tired and yuck I
just want to get back into my routine I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog even
though nothing really happened
