good morning I just had a shower as you
may be able to tell wash my hair scrub
my buddy shaved I'm gonna do some fake
tan now because I might feel my first
impression either today or tomorrow
basically I woke up today I was mean to
be doing a collab video today like
uploading a collab but the other person
can't get internet to upload it today so
I don't know if we're gonna have it up
she's I don't know she's gonna have it
up on time so I need to go edit another
video this morning now I was gonna film
I really need a film so hopefully I can
get one done really fast and then film
afterwards and I want to film a first
impression on the Mike Jacobs foundation
but I don't match it what I'm fear so
I'm going to faked here now and I'm
gonna go do that work and then hope that
I can still get a little bit of filming
in before it's too bright outside like
before it gets a little bit too light in
the afternoon I'm thinking I might do
like a bloop is because I've got like
heaps of bloopers sorted in that way
it's really easy to edit to get that end
just check up really fast don't mind the
wit bathmat but here's my before and
straight after it'll get darker than
this slow I feel so good when I have a
turn all right I've blow-dried my hair
and now I'm just gonna make a quick
smoothie because I'm paid cash it's
10:30 I got my bloopers video ready for
later I'm in case I need it hopefully
she can get everybody up turn so that we
can put up a collab but if not I have a
back-up plan now so yeah I'm gonna make
a smoothie and him start filming
tastes really good - that's like first
yoga anyways my camera is blinking at me
so I am going to go put on charge and go
film I'll talk to you guys in a bit
hi friends so it is now what time 3:00
p.m. my video with Edlin we're not blue
she was amazing and she went out she
made it happen thought it uploaded we
got it up it was good great
it's up her video is so freakin 5 out of
her channel check it out go check out my
video we did the Canon connect Canon in
it Canadian tries New Zealand candy
video I picked out a bunch of stuff for
her to try she had it on camera it's
awesome it's funny go watch it and then
on her channel we dig in it
I can't say that Canadian if it is New
Zealand slang I also filmed this makeup
tutorial I filmed a first impression um
I did if you really look that swatch
things I tried on like a bunch of the
Oprah flip products so I did like
different little bit options throughout
the tutorial and yeah that's all I've
got to update you on so now I'm gonna go
make some food I've got some pasta in
the fridge and just gonna cook that cuz
I can't be bothered making anything
healthy faster wins okay
evany had my smoothie today so I'm quite
hungry I don't know I'm feeling very
hungry today more so than normal but
then again it is quite late and I also
find if I don't go to the gym I feel way
more hungry throughout the day which is
really weird because you'd think it
would be the other way around but Hamish
is not playing golf
it's kind of got it I'll take it over
group the cove but priorities no mail
today because it is a public holiday the
post men I'm going to be working today
so yes I'm going to go do some editing
and eat some food put up some pictures
on my Instagram I mentioned hub sister
I'm with my hair color as well huh
I actually just love it it's so pretty
so I see it I can't use the Loreal brow
plumper at the moment though because
it's so cool toned so I've got to go
quite cool on my brows for a change
which is why you can't seem Everett's
mayor it's really warm
like if I saw hiding money like this and
all of a sudden my browser to cool but
it's just something I noticed no one
else notices these things you don't
worry about it these make it what he
pleasure bitch and she's totally nice
so how thee I got clean eating hash tag
these are so good and then to top off
the healthiest and lift plus zero from
golf yesterday that I didn't finish I
used to live on the stuff in high school
and then I made myself stop drinking it
because it's so bad for you but I still
have one every now and again yeah almost
done I love pepper in alfredo sauce look
like like look look mood there we go yay
and then yeah
it's so funny watch it alright I am done
for the day I just uploaded a vlog it's
all app so yeah I'm gonna eat it all day
tomorrow I'm gonna film tomorrow I've
got a few videos to edit because next
week I go to Australia so I actually
added about five videos and then I think
me and Sally want to see each other so
we'll probably film something together
and then I'll edit some videos for a
while I'm hanging out with her too so
don't have to do too much work I'm
excited
why does he do this it's like I'm coming
through
he just loves you a lot watching this
show Family Feud newsela so cringe he's
bringing you a toy all afternoon
watching YouTube people are hating on my
makeup today so funny like you try
something new and you try something
different
everyone hates on you you don't neutral
I love see where's like wheels at the
same try stepping out of your comfort
zone Shannon it's fine I still like it I
think I'm gonna upload it still because
I like it I actually like a lot I think
it's really fun so I finished my first
impression today I have like another
three houses are to go to Alice I'm
gonna finish it at like 9:30 teen Steven
30 at the moment I'm having a cup of
that matcha green tea and try it just
tastes horrible doesn't it just tastes
kind of like bitter green tea or bitter
or green tea I don't mind it at all it's
pretty good it
it's like teen something we were just
watching the culling all night again is
a so saw this time icon days my eyes a
gala bloodshot oh I think tomorrow might
have another glasses day I've been
trying to have more days with that
context especially leading out to the
LASIK I'm not feeling very optimistic
because this I seems to be getting away
and like real blurry this one hasn't and
then this one's just like so a nice
little different to the other high it's
really weird but hopefully it all works
out what you guys tomorrow I think I'm
just gonna be doing like an editing day
Jim edit chill relax emails it would be
these stuff I'm just tired talk to you
mark
