get money Lilly how's your day how's
your day so far 30 almost 12 o'clock
quarter to 12 we had a good sleep and
didn't we part mm-hmm
do we have a good sleep in ice put up a
low giveaway on my Instagram so we're
going out for food with John and then
Hamish and John are going to golf I'm
trying to say for when I go to golf or
do some design work today cuz I don't
know I've been a very working mode today
already done heaps so I don't know I
decide if I go play golf or if I stay
over we'll see oh my god I'm so sore I
lost my camera we went to Burger few
late lunch today with John and I got
there and was like oh my gosh I forgot
my camera so it must be in the car so
anyway I like get into the car later on
what I ended up got a call for nine
holes and then I got the boys to drop me
off after 9:00 so I could come back and
do some work I just edited two videos
into some emails and bits and pieces so
I was like okay and then I looked in the
cart wasn't there and I was like ok
obviously let's go home looked
everywhere at home was not anywhere and
then I was like maybe I left it on the
bench at Burger feel maybe it isn't the
cast like what hey we should shoot
before because he's still out I was like
can you just check and see if the if the
vlog camera is in the car oh he was like
it's doom really not in here I'll wring
out Burger feels like ok I'll go check
in our bedroom for the third time so
that's why I was last filming looked
again shook up all the blankets threw
 everywhere it was nowhere to be
found
I was messaging how much was like I
cannot find it and then next thing lo he
jumps off the couch and I just got like
happened to glance over at him and the
camera was under his ass so lovey was
just sitting on it so he must have been
sitting and because it seemed like it
was in the normal spot where he said so
either I left it there any settlement
this morning or like he just took my
camera because he likes to do that
sometimes like it the stretch he'll like
grab the strap and like just walk off
with it and then he's been sitting in
the same spot all night and like all
afternoon since I've been harmed so like
oh my gosh I'm just happy I found it but
how funny is there was under his ass
this whole time I was heavy and I was
like oh my gosh what if someone has my
camera in like what if they like get
stared all my footage and stuff no like
there's anything on there it's just my
blogs that I was like good so you're
like creepy it's like I'm never like put
us on Facebook and like try to get this
person to like give it back to me
like let's so stress a little bit I'm
happy I've got it anyway I want to sort
of juice something earlier but then I
forgot series on here you woke up to
hear me
I forgot to like meet Jeanette um I've
seen a few people like this saying can
you write the dates on your blogs and
the reason I don't do that is just
because like already you know sometimes
tweet me and they're like oh my god
you're so behind on your blog though and
it just starts to stress me out and then
as soon as I start feeling stressed out
and appreciated and stuff like that just
the vlogs on is fun and like the blog's
the extras like my blog channel is just
something I do for fun and something
that you guys enjoy and I enjoy doing so
the reason I just put day 347 etcetera
is just because i keeps it easy and i
feel like if i put down dates people
would be real like oh my god you're a
week behind and like you know so that's
reason i don't i just feel like it's
like easier it's more chill and it's
just what i like to do so that's why
hopefully you guys can understand me
like from my point of view i know it
sounds a little bit bitchy but what can
you do I did kind of nights them do
they're good at golf today
I feel like run else was just terrible I
didn't come last for once and I used the
3 iron and I was pretty good with it
because usually I do a 5 just been doing
some Easter beauty stuff and I'm burning
a candle at the moment this is the
candle I'm burning it's the last one
from crawlers dr. NZ or something and
I'm looking at new brush handle colors
this is like a Sunday ritual all of a
sudden I got my life of death
whoa earth was there ah it was my plant
my fake plant oh my god were you
involved the funniest part is I just
know he would have hit so much fun
ripping it up I can just imagine I'm
bouncing around with it in his mouth and
being so happy I'm actually not so angry
but at the same time I'm like oh ah
dogs look at you there are remorse Louie
did you do something bad did you do
something bad is that I don't care it
was worth it tak I can't throw it if
you're not gonna give it to me
ha sit pretty big like just a leper the
house before a braise a big yeah you
know it runs off into the kitchen I
think here gums let's play tug of war
now do you love the dinosaur huh you got
shot tea careful of my hands fine
alright then don't even care look man
throw it right dead alright
exactly it wasn't a fun one
so don't let on the door don't let in
come a bit this is just chillin hey hey
you're so fast
he just loves this new faith boy new
favorite
