good morning everyone it is Saturday I
sleep down a little sad woke up at about
8:30 and is not entertaining me and I'm
just gonna go run some errands and grab
a little a little grab a few bits and
pieces and you put away my clothes
behind me
this prank chill day it's pretty
with a anybody plans yet I'm not gonna
wear makeup for now I'm just gonna leave
my skin I just fish out hints there like
a bright pink face I have not been to
the gym I'll show you my outfit quickly
it's nothing flesh it's just this like
cropped long-sleeve shirt from Supre and
then i just got like a little lace bra
and then this skirt is from misguided I
really like it it's very like thin
quality it's not the best quality but I
think the actual like this little
crossover is so flattering because I
hold like bloat in my lower belly so
it's really nice to like kind of cover
it a little bit and then I don't know
what kind of shoes I'll wear yet but
it's there so lovely weekend I'm feeling
a little bit deflated just because you
stood I was so full on and I still feel
like I've got a lot of work to do but
I'm gonna try and not do too much today
already lay in bed lay reading tons of
comments and replying to me for hints
stuff which is so like I love replying
to your comments and everything but I
just shouldn't I still feel like I'm in
work mode I need to get into relaxation
mode first and then do that kind of
thing I believe I get in the mode and
next thing I'll be like on my computer
doing stuff and doing emails and it's a
long weekend like no one's even awake I
mean awake knowing no one's working so
like even if I replied my emails right
now I'm not gonna get a reply to a
Tuesday anyway so there's no point but
I've got to get that in my mind cuz I
just feel like I'm being lazy right now
because I know I've got stuff to do does
that make sense is you no one else like
that I'm sure any of you guys out there
that are self-employed do the exact same
thing I feel like people that are
self-employed people ways like oh I've
got it so chill
like I hate is it like a lazy butt until
you've been self-employed you have no
idea because everything is your job all
of a sudden not just like a couple of
things just everything I wouldn't have
it any other way though I love my job
I've got some exciting things new with
extra beauty soon and more brushes
coming out I think we are getting them
end of April our brushes are handmade so
like they take a while it's just the sad
reality these are like the first lot the
first always takes a little bit longer
because you have to make sure they're
perfect of course and then if really
other order after that it's a little bit
easier because they know the benchmark
and everything
I am needless to say a little bit fussy
so I want them to be absolutely perfect
I've got my samples and they're great so
now they're being made but yeah for the
quantities we're getting we're also
restocking some more of our brushes
online because you guys have gone
absolutely ape on these new brushes and
I have not heard one bad piece of
feedback I am so happy that you guys
love them like you have no idea like I
am just so proud and so thankful and you
guys have been saying how amazing they
are and it just makes me so happy like
it makes my life make sure you keep
seeing me photos too because I want to
start sharing more and more pictures of
your guys on my own Instagram like my
social media person fake so beauty does
a lot like they handle XY beauty
industry Graham and Facebook and stuff
but I want to start putting stuff on my
Shane XO page as well I just want to put
the pretty faces on there and you're
cool bitches like I already done a few
people's bitches that are like really
good quality and everything it's kind of
what I look for is just like good
quality photos where like they're really
clear and really well lit so you can see
like the detail of the brushes and
everything and the lashes as well new
lash packaging is coming has been such a
process but we're getting there and I'm
also releasing your new lashes I'll show
you guys in a blog as soon as they
arrive so you guys can see them before
they go online so I'd show you I was
wearing one of the piers the other night
the night of that 25th shirt those ones
been called the hair oh I think they're
just gonna be exclusive in a five-piece
it at the moment to some updates for you
guys I felt like letting you in on the
look a little bit hi baby boy love you
need new face needed to fluff my little
marshmallow he's like shut up ma'am I'm
not a marshmallow I am a Rottweiler
that's what he thinks hey there's the
early pair of shoes and my dog decides
to chew the wrists he just carries
around the lounge and drops them in
place with them but these ones he thinks
are tasty don't you yeah they're my
favorite pair to my siren lipid front
ones I'm think I'm gonna like pick it
all off and then just like paint it cuz
I feel like a webby they're noticeable
that I'm gonna wear these today Hamish
doesn't even know I'm in he's doing his
music stuff and it's really loud I've
never seen so much terrific and harmony
in one day and there's a wide load
there's just cause every way we were
driving around for like the solutes just
to get a frickin flowerpot it's like the
others but this is just so much traffic
there was no packs anywhere that's the
one you want to spend rain I'm pretty
sure it's because it's thanks to weekend
Oh God yeah that light's been green for
a long time
Murphy's Law right there wait excuse me
feel good there's just people everywhere
what's this
what are you doing there is people like
it's like there's a sale on it everyone
all of a sudden just starts driving like
maniacs I'm gonna go you should have
seen the cop out we're in before there
are just people everywhere like stopping
turning around
jerking up I goes if that'll be better
this is trial I have to turn right at
the end though oh yes
you probably screwed up I just bought my
very first golf club of my own
I bought a pie because me and Hamish
always like we share his clubs like I
don't have my own because I just don't
want to come in and I have to but we
always like share the putter and
obviously like when you get to the a
like everyone's kind of at the same
place so it's just annoying but we're
gonna go to Kelly's now cuz I'm just
looking for a Steve and I had I think I
did and we're looking for balls and I
want to eat because my stomach is eating
it won't just walk through the couch put
money in here and walk through it 30
calories to the other side
yeah but we're we eating just me or
something what are you gonna do sushi I
don't know maybe it's me Celia selling
sushi you know how much do all this yeah
it does me no good so nice
we're leaning a bubble - it was gonna be
like 10 minutes so we went to the
jewelry stop next door and humours gummy
stuff without leaving me asking him hey
and you're the best boyfriend in the
whole world
like I love that charm baking
conversation next minute
so spoil I'll show you guys what he got
me when we get home I don't want to open
it up yet but they're so beautiful and
I'm so happy
yay no lady what did she say I was like
browsing the store and rich dude she was
like us to do a birthday and I was like
no he's she was I asking all these
things he's like not just a random gift
and she was like oh my god so nice -
nice to me way too nice for me hey man I
know that there's actually nothing in
here that's just a big and it's a treaty
in toy with my baby could you smell it
from all the way
I'm so happy you happy to see me yeah I
got you something
ignore the treats we stocked up you're
not getting all the tree but you may get
a toy if you're lucky
hop down please hop down so I got them
this mighty toys need to be super strong
no hard edges multiple layers soft yet
mighty and strong oh my gosh I'm so
excited
wait say do you not have enough to waste
this is like that's not food where's the
food
you Zeus Zeus get it look how fancy I am
what's that is that the umbrella holder
and of course some sunscreen we stocked
up I like this brand like we tried it
from ripple sport what do you want we
tried it from ripple sport and it's real
good like see this it's breed spray
technology it like sprays real well yeah
this is a little bit sticky yeah but oh
yeah but I feel like this one spray so
much like you literally mist over
yourself for like two seconds and it
gets your whole body whereas other stuff
you actually actually take time to do it
now I'll show you my presence so you got
me this little space a charm for my
Pandora which this is the day I saw
initially oh my gosh I love it
and then this ring I store and I coming
to God next thing he had it and then I
didn't even know he was getting this for
me at first
so beautiful it's like a Swarovski
crystal love heart I was not expecting
that like when he said I'm gonna grab
you something I thought it was just this
one like this little charm which I
images the Rings he got me for
Valentine's Day I think it was I'm gonna
wear this like a full time I love it
it's so pretty so sparkly you guys can't
even tell you can kind of see a bit of
here it's so beautiful it's only happy
this is really cute look it's like a
little star so cute I'm obsessed so
pretty oh my gosh I'm in the back seat
who's been picking up Jon where are we
going Hamish
Carbon Carlo been haben coat and Levin
no say your specific reason why you want
to go cop and go you do have a specific
reason and it starts with T I'm sure
some people will remember what Teddy's
are going to live in which is how long
we're like 40 minutes away or something
yeah it's not very close it's like
before Shannon like just before Shannon
I think it turns out I'm terrible at
geography and we did Drive pasta Shannon
and I'd like to point out that I studied
geography for three years so there you
go I just got I've never had brandy
before sir is brandy bad everyone's
nervous for me it's good I'm gonna get
this peachy Baker with no egg that
sounds so good nailed it why was the
chicken afraid of the chicken it was a
chicken yeah you guys can have some this
book is so cute look I almost forgot to
in my vlog because my camera was in my
handbag tripped over the rock so I'm
just hanging to sleep now had an amazing
night feeling very full we just know is
one hanging we just play games all night
we started playing
we're peyote trace played that flake an
hour or so and then played some worms
and listen to music and had a chat yeah
that's it I think tomorrow we want to go
play golf
Hamish wants to test out his new clubs
he got a couple today I got a putter and
then he got a Steve and I and a 1 iron
so he really wants to chase them out so
we'll probably go play some golf
tomorrow as long as the winners with
their is nice it kind of cleared up this
afternoon the weather's been really
awful over the last few days but yeah
it's definitely cleared up tonight so
hopefully tomorrow it stays nice and
clear we can head out because I don't
really feel like playing golf in the
rain to be fair so hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog thank you so much for
watching I hope you guys liked it and
I'll talk to tomorrow
