good morning I haven't even showered yet
it is quarter to twelve just finish it
hang my makeup collection studio a
minutes long exploiting it now uploading
it they've got to edit another makeup
collection video the part two what
shouldn't take as long this video took
me about five or six hours total to eat
it it's now almost twelve and then I was
eating it last night too
I'm just like so exhausted I'm so over
it like sort of it you're saying after I
edit video I feel like next week as well
and thumbnails for next week and I've
got to get a blog so I'm really over at
all right now but it's gonna be done
Hamish is really nice and we didn't got
me subway thank God it's Friday
exporting this video pottery with five
minutes to go it's 1:55 so I'm uploading
it right now it's gonna be up a little
bit late but my pot ones already up so
that's fine I thinks I'm blowing two
videos today so if people bitch then
that's just rude I'm so excited so you
guys get two videos today two main
channel videos so this month going up in
five minutes now I'm so excited I feel
so proud that I actually got it done but
I've still got to get one more beauty
video done today and a couple of logs so
the day is not over all I want to do is
go over shower but I'm just gonna wait
until both of the videos are up and
running smoothly and just make sure they
haven't done anything by mistake like
don't you to sit properly or forgotten
any information the downbar and things I
feel so accomplished yeah and Potter
seven minutes remaining
not bad it feels so good it feels so
good oh my gosh I'm gonna go over shower
after this is up and clean I feel so
good we got a couple of pages so show
you them quickly now I'm gonna go get it
small it's three o'clock now so far
everyone's like a moment pollution which
is good this is some vanity planet stuff
this is a a pity spin which I think
obviously is for your feet so nice to be
that and they sent me these body
analyzer scales so they trick your body
fat weight muscle mass bone density and
water way so cool and this came oh yes I
bought this Kelly told me about it and
she was like you should try it cuz
you're like green tea so it's basically
matcha tea I think that's a pronounced I
don't know
it's basically ground-up green tea and
you mix it in your water and it's like
super strong green tea there go how is
it different to regular green tea you
drink the whole tea leaf instead of just
brewing the water getting up to 137
times the antioxidants matcha is also
more versatile while traditionally
enjoyed as tea just a half a teaspoon
well with hot water it's a powdered form
means you can add anything at all
Smitty's Plus balls facemasks so Mitch
sure you can do Kelly put it in her
cheesecake that she made us that time so
I'm excited
instant info if you want to pause it I
was not seeing this I'm not sponsored I
just really wanted it because I love
green tea it's quarter past five and I
saw so much stuff to do it's really
depressing I am just gonna do a vlog and
then upload that and then stop for the
night
I've still got like a beauty video
should be doing a bit over sectional
this weekend I feel like I've been real
lazy or something
to have this much work pala for me at
once but I really don't feel it like I
don't think I hipping just like where's
this will come from I guess it was just
because that makeup collection was so
intense to film Anita it like I should
have pushed that out to next week it was
pretty dumb okay it's done now innit
now I'm just gonna catch up on the rest
of my work especially before I head back
to Australia in a couple of weeks I go
in just over a week so I need to get
like prepared for that jerk just made my
thumb now from mine in edlund's and
using on kandi collab yeah hi
you didn't know me I'm probably the most
annoying piona there is
we just ordered our food where you die
as you saw how's your little
passionfruit physics Pete to you to be
like it over Heineken good
yes that's lucky I got it because I'm
gonna do a track she loved like she's so
good you got passion for it right we're
high rolling with our mocktails Amy saw
me she's like this made me love me as a
parent
I had a weird ice cream creamy I don't
eat it very often yeah that's my nemesis
what is it aurilla you know is this it's
gonna want this officer buy ice cream
did you guys know I wasn't there the
whole point of McLaurys back in the day
is that they actually used to lights do
them all up and make them on bit see
that was the point anyway did you guys
know that there's this favorite food is
not flowery but you never get sick cause
it's super bad for dogs
wait lactose and stuff but on his
birthday he gets a couple mouthful
that's his favorite food ever so funny
he actually dribbles everywhere like he
gets like saliva all over the place it's
so funny I don't know him sauce just the
sauce
he saw the packaging and I was like oh
my god if I scream they love ice cream
it's so funny
absolutely they know exactly what it is
when they say that mcphobe itching like
they don't notice this so much but the
McFlurry packaging i finished the third
and final one of the series thief so
that was the first one second one third
one all done there goes my life that
took me my whole life to read I feel
like it's all I've done for the last
like week I've got to figure out what to
eat next I read most of these wait wait
all my other books gone hmm
sniffing it was a really good book - I
turned fish' and kollene who the hurried
bus both of those that were really good
I hated that book that was super popular
did not like love t-shirts then I need
to buy some more books I'm sure I have
like more
I'm definitely very exciting we're
sleepy now we just started watching a
movie and it was terrible
Hamish lighters he's gonna watch without
me I'm not too picky at with okay I
don't know what else we could see
it's oh hey I don't know what our plans
are for this weekend bath she'll take
her along it's paranormal I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog even though it
was probably very boring considering all
I did all day was it it it's just one of
those days have a good day alright
morning whatever time it is right now as
you're watching this until tomorrow well
