good morning everyone it does not happen
I set my life like 6:37 and then just
kept sleeping straight through them and
then snoozing them and snoozing them and
then turning them off and then I woke up
at like 20 past 8:00 and it is now 5:00
to 9:00 my appointments at 9:30 so I'm
gonna show on some makeup real fast
have some breakfast forget time and then
here two straight there I'm thinking
about changing up my blondes a little
bit but I talked to the woops I was
watching my stylist about it
here's my simple makeup of the day well
up stick is this brand mm-hmm Rebecca
Stella hello stranger lipstick time for
some breakfast I'm starving I have a
package I'm not quite sure what this is
order a year of em to woman and get six
bimonthly issues plus an iced solid
timepiece buy ice watch hope you enjoy
all those masks to be the watch is that
um the check off the killing is that her
here's the watch it's really cute it's
just a white one thank you to whoever
seen this I haven't actually read this
magazine before mm he using my leftover
cutter from last night I'm toast
yes good no I don't want any more at
someone when someone takes Julie and I
have a photo in lime it's nice with a
little bit Spicer yep where are we going
on Friday night I love in don't live in
you guys that don't know we live in is
it's like a little town outside of Pammy
about 30 or is it 40 minutes out
yeah so we're gonna go to top and go
video
oh it let me clap with whales
sounds like someone's cleaning got a
top-up of my fave for my salon I get
more every time I go because we thought
go buy this it is amazing look at these
pretty flowers revitalizing me and like
a proper posture so pretty enough at 6
p.m. now I haven't gotten a video I mean
a vlog it is it today and I am 25
minutes through this video look how much
footage I still believed started with
like 3 hours so I'm doing kind of ok I
guess but it's taken me a long time
they've been using like an hour and a
half so I think I'm just going to skip
the gym it to my morning get this done
and then I've also got to get cut to
make up collection done because there's
only like one part I still gotta do a
whole nother video and I want to get
that up tomorrow so that's like what I'm
trying to do and then I want to get a
video for Monday it is head and then I
want to get the vlog edited or a couple
of logs ideally it is it so I can upload
one on the weekend as well without
actually I mean to get it on the weekend
because it's a long weekend tomorrow I
think is about holiday but I'll be
working so naturally instead of
continuing right now I'm going to go out
for dinner with Hamish because I'm over
it
here's my outfit of the night just kind
of casual we're just gonna blow and
start with something this top is to pray
chains a boohoo and then these boots are
from misguided I just got them the other
day they're really cute yeah they're
like suede leather not real of course
they were like needles and these jeans
have little splits in them never worn
white jeans before not sure how I feel
he hid the bids so creepy houndour we're
trying to find a pot for us huh oh my
god the door trying to cross the road
why did the duck cross the road to get
to the pond
I'm sitting hello what do I do do
support him
mango margarita rooms I got the burrito
without the rice its first veggies and
salad I think or something I don't know
I can't remember what's in there things
oh wait the packet of chips from the
bench huh who got those down it's like
it wasn't me I promise do you say sorry
sorry for eating the chips I don't know
what's gotten into me by being so lazy
lately like waking up black people did
even washing my face I feel good do it
soon but for now make it white will
suffice I don't even think I'm gonna go
to the gym tomorrow morning I think I'm
just gonna get up and edit my makeup
collations cuz I'm like stressing about
it
but I have no energy right now it's a
like favorite right now it's too late
I'm too tired
dinner was good but I could not even get
anywhere near finished I was just so
full on so tired I just want to go to
sleep for a few days and not wake up
tomorrow's a public holiday as well
which I need like playing these holidays
public holidays better so I usually take
off try them cuz it's so depressing when
all my friends are doing stuff I don't
have a video ready for tomorrow all I do
but it's not the video once I want to
put up my makeup collation tomorrow
that's what I'm aiming to do
do you mind you don't have to bit right
in my face hey half the bigger chips big
big turn no just a little big big big
mmm you're not gonna be feeling so
flushed tomorrow I told him oh then you
ran outside ran out the cat door he New
Year's in trouble didn't ya you still
know you're in trouble
look at you refusing to look at me
mmm-hmm you've been naughty have you
been naughty hmm I know you have you
think you can just come and cuddle up to
me and snuggle me and I'll forgive you
because it's not how life works
look he's sulking now
huh now he's playing the guilt trip on
me this not what's supposed to be
happening I'm supposed to be angry at
you not the other way around
kiss thank you Oh YUM hi baby boy and
get my favorite this is my favorite LOI
how do you feel huh
