we're at this Hollywood bakery's Reisler
place which I know you look at any light
that kind of average but they have the
beast eats Benedicta
Santa's up
I've got some shopping in well I did a
mature sort of feeling anything I'll
show you a spot even though I'm a solid
yeah it's good lighting it no I like
took what some people was like wait just
waiting for Chris to come over it my
friend Ryan as well on my yoga and
ripple got no energy
this is the ride man Crispin on years
ago
good morning it's our last day and old
Clint
I mean Hamish you've just woken up I've
just heard Shia I'm just having a shower
I'm so tired
we slept in today so basically it's
today we just headed up us today because
me and Hamish this summer doing a few
trips but none of them are just us too
so we decided just to hang out just him
and I yesterday and just do some fun
things so we just hung out yesterday I
mean I thought I'd do a little blogging
today even though most of it'll be
driving we're not actually leaving till
I don't know maybe after lunch or so so
yeah I thought I would just do some
vlogging I'm actually getting some Botox
this morning which I'm just so excited
about because I have been getting
headaches again so it'll be good to sort
that out it's not as bad as I used to
like I feel like it's just relieved it
overall the grinding it's just relieved
overall and these days I it's not as bad
but it still comes back so I like to
treat it before it gets really bad and
it prevents me from sleeping while any
breathing so it's like the perfect
timing to do it while I'm up here so
that's really good and I guess we'll get
some breakfast and stuff soon oh my gosh
I'm so tired right now my face just
looks like a potato in this lighting
yeah yeah we are Hamish is about to
watch me at BOTS this time you see me
get it done
yeah Hamish doesn't even come with me
before ones your foot of course Matt
it's really not that bad
here it is just hailing custom straight
it's just down from one with staying at
the hotel Yankee would you just know I I
just get nervous yeah you step back in
the old days I used to go big house or
not
I always wonder where all the old
needles go obviously they can't just
like throw them in the dump they go to a
specific disposal I might imagine that
they ever do something like that because
I mean these blood products oh yeah yeah
so I would say it would go into an
incineration but I won't say not sure
what yeah migrated history school
diabetes rejection so the little ones
that we use actually smaller than like
most diabetics use for the answer roof
they actually insulin syringes yeah
but the needles are smaller say it's the
official significance of the other I
really like this yes my vibes are
Brandon tissues
lettuce how does that sound you can hear
it sometimes too then it's a little
puppy sounded mm-hmm
so how about we keep enduring and
chantix and all my office or a long
since I was in high player in device and
I really find out properly though like
as a job since 2013
yeah the beginning 2013 yeah
I mean I can tell the deadness was true
I mean it was horrendous of this like
I'll show you a photo of many from life
before I go - lighting doesn't look just
company no painful flare though only
she's breaking up no I know like this
compared to be Twilight be 12 bones and
stings and all this was like a little
prick yeah like if I don't think about
the fact it's a new door doesn't scare
me it's only if I think my goats in
April yeah this is a snap of Shannon
before she started getting Botox have
you got have two one
well Cheyenne after one and now it's
kind of like this there's another one
that's what it looks like now such a
difference how did you find it fine it's
like easy every time turn sideways page
that you can't even really tell a little
bit forgot to vlog we went to mini-golf
it was really fun Hamish one as always
and now we're and you Mac you'll be
shanked some food and then head home
pretty much it's actually like two
o'clock in the afternoon so we're
definitely a little bit later than we
would have liked to have been but oh
well we're not gonna like bother rushing
too much we'll just go home when we get
home but to be very late but it's fine
I'm hungry hey TIFF little redness is
pretty much gone from where I got my
injections so that is good
saying at the bus stop I'm not Callen
Jack weighs history of abuse against
children was detailed to the jury
the defense team referred to the blue
sedan singing at the bus stop similar in
description to a carjacked way out jack
ways unsubstantiated claims about its
true stay go home last night obviously
highly just keep feeding school it was
so late and I was tied and I was driving
for hours and now it's now it's baby
anyway I'm just having one of those days
where everything is going wrong and then
I messed up my eyeliner and I don't know
if I like this look and I spilled coffee
all over my boobs why a million things
are going wrong behind the things I
can't even talk about and like uh people
are just driving me nuts today like
everyone's like messaged me changing
stuff and changing plans and asking me
questions I just can't deal like I just
want to crawl into a hole and go to
sleep and wake up tomorrow because I
just kinda actually like function right
now k-mer days like that where it's just
like too much too much is happening I
need to go edit and I already know I'm
gonna sit down and try and hit it and
not gonna be able to concentrate but
like I need to that bird is eating my
feet jalwa he's literally on my treat oh
there's just wanna piss me off too I
wanted to eat that anyway I am away on
Friday with friends and I'm away maybe
sometime next week with week off with
some work stuff I'm still waiting to
hear back I I just got so much happening
and it's like Christmas and I want to
put my trace night but I've got so much
work to do
it's just shit like I've just got so
much having a meltdown midlife crisis at
25 I'm doing a first impression on this
foundation don't know how I feel like
that was already a bad start to the day
it's k Kiev
I just I just don't know I don't know
where I'm gonna find the time to do my
work every search where I might just
upload like twice a week but I'm trying
to do vlogs and I don't even have time
to eat it like at all like and my new
computer came and the screen came
because we got the computer and then
realized I needed to get a different
screen freaks it wasn't compatible with
my screen that I already had so we got a
new screen for it and then we try to
plug in my memory card to do some
editing and it won't recognize my memory
cards so I don't even know what's
happening now I just don't feel well
this this vlog is just complaining like
just making planning just hitting a
breakdown I should probably stop
drinking the coffee but I'm so tired
that I feel like I need it but it's just
gonna make it like so much worse I'm
just so over everything right now okay
I'm assuming this is a one yeah this is
my body shop it's been calendar we have
a mango lip butter stoked I love mango
okay what even date started a fifth hey
hide a link okay one way is to oh yeah
got it
it's not feel oh no since I snapped it
wrong I say it's a window oh my gosh
this is a disaster doing one-handed okay
we have a mango shower gel handy okay
three a soup I don't really like the
smell of that one in the guest bathroom
and then oh yes coconut shower cream and
then lucky last for Sarah my gosh this
is really hard to meet or even
one-handed um a nail file
that's handy I guess I don't know my now
so so good someone else this is the app
hit a shit day starter pack red wine TV
a pasta snack and a vegan beef pie that
I added chased her and I do G a look
like I'm bold almost promises here back
here I got two videos you should those
so that was good yes famous got me a new
computer that's my old one there but the
new ones behind it I had to use that one
cuz the screen doesn't work yet so I'll
show you guys that once it's actually
sit up I'm excited to eat
