good morning today I'm going to film I
just got it from the gym maybe 15
minutes ago it's half past 10
feeling good I'm going to have a shower
I'm not gonna wash my hair I'm going to
finally do you guys have been requesting
that braid and like I'm going to say in
the video I am not perfect at the braid
but you guys just keep requesting me to
do it so I'm gonna do like a makeup
tutorial and then a quick hair tutorial
but then I'll also link the video to the
person who I learned off so you can see
like a bit of description because I'll
probably not be able to describe it
properly but I thought big is it Ryan
keeps asking I would just fulfill you
know the requests and I have improved so
much from the first time like even
though bunny giant maybe four or five
times like each time I do I do get
better so I'll just mention that as well
yeah I'm going to do like skin makeup in
here and like a get rid of me kind of
tutorial video I was thinking of doing
like a daytime autumn look because we're
in autumn in New Zealand right now and
I've got a couple more spring videos
coming for the Northern Hemisphere
people so I wanted to do another like
autumn fall kind of look so I think I'll
do that because I've done one for look
already that one that was like deep red
lips French braids or Dutch braids and
then like the glitter I'm going to do
something a little bit more subtle for
people that that was too dramatic for
that meatsuit so yeah I got a few bits
of mails so I'll show you that now and
I'm gonna make a smoothie don't benefit
all right oh you have Jana
hi gorgeous you ready to be at the burn
zest of them all we've got you covered
contour Queen get ready to do the hula
with us haha
panty and this pic you'll find
everything you need for a vacation or
future vacation this winter cute son of
a beach I know it'll be I've seen it
fall over the US bloggers instagrams for
immediate release hula so it's like a
liquidy body bronzer thing there we go
and then liquid bronze of her face and
whoo light and like this brush as well
so cool it's like bamboo looking
available April 2016 so there's another
thing in here ah I'm so going to use
this because I never figure out which
bag is mine like a little conveyor belts
this will make easy a little tag for
your um suitcase
holy look it says my name on it
that is so cool pillow bronzing
contouring brush hoola 0 tan line
and then you do the hula that's such a
good name soft matte liquid bronzer for
face I'm so excited to try it in Thank
You benefit I think that is amazing that
is good marketing that is that is a good
press release new Karen mural lipstick
and lavender laughter yeah well it's a
cute color it so I could pinky lavender
it's not like straight-up lavender sorry
this is hard to focus packing peanuts
other West I knew as soon as I started
removing some of these packing peanuts
that it was going to be lash because I
could smell it before I could see it huh
what's this my flash frozen cheerful
grapefruit and a rolling oil to wash
away even the iciest of modes it Rizza
let it go when he signs the shimmery
frozen's by a buff it smell so good okay
let's have a look what acid in here
intergalactic I've seen queasiness I
think I had it once didn't I I'm sure I
used in a vlog maybe not I don't know
what's this pop in the bath crumble
under running water blah blah blah
citrus yet that smells nice too
life's a beach body scrub powder I've
never seen this whose pour some out it's
got a vanilla scent apparently that's so
cool I'm so gonna try that here's a
little note I think I'll write that in a
sec I just want to I get everything out
of here before I throw the rock so heavy
said where was not yet on the god Q that
are flamingos bathe and cocktail scented
bubbles with this fruity reusable bubble
bar swirl and running bathwater and then
set aside to use again and again oh my
gosh that smells incredible oh there's
lots of things in here use it in Cocoa
shower cream chocolate oranges oh my
goodness that sounds amazing my aunt I
would love that she loves orange
chocolate foot lotion cocoa butter
marshmallow root in lemon
this wish wash that man right out of my
hair shower gel calm down dusting powder
what's this
is it like a body powder like talcum
powder but not talcum powder there's so
out of it
um we have salted coconut hang oh that
sounds so I need smell that in a second
what is this so cute and small um
golden milkshake or golden handshake
sorry I think we might be done
it's neither chick oh no we're not done
massage bar the wrath with this move and
that's not yes it is no it's not no it's
a body scrub jump in the showing get
scrubbing with this little piece of
rough made with sugar and murmur butter
for devilishly smooth skin sounds
amazing
oh it's more Omega 2 Thank You lush
beautiful shower gel and more needles
and Pines shower jelly there's another
mark but this is wifey picking minutes
but at least the packages say frat guys
man there's such a mission to like
maneuver around oh my gosh they're going
everywhere I always find the dogs
playing with them Mac cause they
just get everywhere dude this is so
exciting I'm so excited to try Lisa I
love trying new life stuff
great various solid hydration hydrating
water kind of a friggin talked shower on
your moisturizer oh my gosh that's
amazing it sounds like a bit of vision
of them those Nivea ones so going to use
that
every time I think we're done there's
like more I think we are done this time
low note we're not never-ending love and
light hand cream cocoa butter cream YUM
okay I think we're done I think I want
to smell this what is my hair doing
totally a comb-over smells really good
that it also I like has this twinge of
like playdough smell but not a bad way
like it smells really good trust me then
I can also smell plate of it's so weird
so that's a boyish grub it smells good
hi Shannon I hope this finds you well
I'm so excited to share with you the
latest handmade inventions from lush the
result of much blending juicing and
meshing of the finest and freshest
ingredients I hope you enjoy your lush
haul if you have any questions at all
please sing out thank you so much I'm
very excited so you guys will definitely
see some of these bath bombs and things
in my blows because you know how I like
to blog when I do the moment hater bath
in a while I need to treat myself to one
I think sometime this week I'm excited
for this one especially the frozen
smells so good and it's got glitter in
it apparently which is always fun until
we have to clean up the bath of course
and these massage butters like I think
this is probably the second thing I'm
most excited about the hydrating wash
because I get really really really dry
skin on my body thank you so much
benefit Kara mural and lush of course oh
my gosh all I want to do is just shower
like five times today and try out
everything at once but I won't because
it's silly all right let's do this
hey everyone so it is now 2:47 p.m. and
I was sitting here thinking why am I so
hungry
I completely forgot to make my smoothie
this morning so I know the smoothie for
lunch instead because I'm craving my
smoothie fix this is a makeup look i
came up with today
i did little daytime half lashes the
lighting is really awful i'm sorry
and then i did like a really soft kind
of like more v cool toned mixed with
warm toned eyeshadow i don't know really
smoky lit soft smoky so i feel like it's
perfect for the daytime when you want to
look glam for day and then i did these
kind of like autumnal inspired looking
deep nude looks i guess i don't really
know what i'm gonna call this tutorial
and then
as I said I am going to show you how
those hell guys I'm gonna show you guys
how to achieve the hair as well and I
showed you my skincare beforehand so
yeah that's created today and then I
just feel myself I need to eat it all so
feel most of for a haul so yeah that got
done - I've got a nail appointment in 40
minutes so I'm going to have my smoothie
and then I'm going to head off to that
this is the plan I get these nails
redone look how good they look still
though they're just very grown out any
minute now - focus there we go like love
the shape my favorite shape so far is
definitely this one here delicious it is
now six o'clock I just got back from
doing my nails done everything they
don't focus I guess there we go nice and
you look how pretty there Louie can you
please make me dinner I'm hungry
it is 6:35 now we just did some cleaning
up put away some stuff recycling made
the bed and things ah can you make me
dinner I'm hungry and I'm exhausted
it's been a long day so it's a hard life
getting your nails done now but you know
like when you have an owl appointment or
hair appointment or something real
relaxing and then it just like makes you
even more tired does he ask it like that
because it's me every time I get my hair
done tomorrow as well it's gonna be the
same thing over again just gonna be like
a good I sleep now I'm so jealous of you
Louie you are living the life so are you
by the way
so you you're soft now from your bath
last night all clean
Janie get very fluffy I want to give
them another trim just before it starts
getting like real cold so he's got like
a few weeks left of like kind of hot
with her and then after that I'll let go
out a little bit and just maintain a
longer length for him he needs today I'm
having my dinner with him and Hamish is
having the same so this is the same one
we had the other night
I'm trying one of these - it's the same
way no it's a different brand corn I
think this is what house pizza uses
because I've had their one pizzas and
it's like a taste like chicken but it's
not chicken it's really weird
put a lot of salads
hamish we got some pineapple one lettuce
because we didn't have any I made this
chili ever color lime
oh my gosh I can't stop snacking on I
think I've eaten like I said a bit
already it tastes so good just frying up
these now one beef cheeseburger admitted
she's bigger than this ones chicken with
pineapple and stuff pineapple in salad
it's gonna be so good
I don't think I'm gonna be able to
finish this last time I was way too for
I'm so full of gonna die
yeah team one you're so annoying
no no
oh so annoying get your math and lips
away from me tongue I mean not
then it was amazing those like meatless
chicken things literally tastes
identical to big a king chicken which is
really woods you don't like the ones out
the big K chickens which used to be my
fave well I feel so awful I was just
thinking I don't know if I'm gonna have
time to go to the gym tomorrow for my
hair appointment my figure realllly I
guess it just depends if I wake up when
my lung goes off or if I sleep it we
will soon see no wash off my face now
all my lipsticks like rubbed off such a
little baby look at you
mentis
should we brush your teeth tonight Jana
brush your teeth got on the Manuka dr.
peel-off mask I'm not wanted in a while
I wanted to do one I was using some
other Manuka doctor stuff today like a
moisturizer and primer and everything I
was like ah you do another peel-off mask
I love this man so much study if you're
really tight on my moustache I'm
laughing so much right now they're
watching bit of coastal Swiper and
whatever they would even pay off my like
oh this is so satisfying look that's
great please alone you tell Howard
please
so why the sad puppy eyes what you don't
want that Jen I got a mission to a
conical washers buddy look it's all
coming off in one piece it's a miracle
start break it huh it's grabbing on my
baby yeah my place okay lunar it's like
you're doing so slow it's like a dark
like wait PG - you've got a like Malou
Brad anymore
that's too risky well there's a little
bit they came oh my god my eyes are
watering you pull your real slowly over
my baby's so oh my gosh why is it
working so well today
flick out well because it left it out
for like a thousand hundred hours shh
don't tell people that
why because I forgot about it ow
there's so many baby hears up here
that's pretty good if it
look how creepy that is
so tonight we watched shameless us
better call Saul and whores Ellen Bates
Motel my battery is blinking at me so
it's good timing and I just finished my
book the second love me with lies or
something I wrote it in yesterday's will
the day before way like I remember
washed it was I wrote it in the downbar
of my taking a break block I think it
was called yeah I just downloaded part
three my turn for sure I think it is
called thief I think something like that
but anyways I'm so excited to read it
the last bit was so good the ending was
like boom so good someone needs to make
like movies based off these books I will
talk to you guys tomorrow
