get money so today I wake up late caught
us a 9 I don't know what that is like
last night I couldn't sleep so I just
slipped in a little bit today and I just
kind of bother going to the gym near the
can home so who would just like big rope
in it so today I'm going to film some
makeup collection and I'm going to
upload my little channel trailer that I
finished yesterday right now and make
some smoothies for breakfast and I got a
package from revitalash of no idea what
what so now I'm not expecting a package
at all so yeah yeah full scoop of good
green stuff too
let's go yeah if you want to see it
because it is unlisted on my channel so
if you subscribe you won't be able to
see it but if you do want to see it
there's a link on its just on my
Facebook page you can watch it
even if I almost forgot to show you guys
what's in the revitalash revile ishes
Silurians tinea anniversary this is how
revitalash began in 2006 this company
began with just one product an eyelash
conditioner which is the one I use
created for one special lady revilers
cosmetics wouldn't know to come into
being without my loving wife Gayle my
desire to help her feel beautiful during
her courageous fight against breast
cancer from our original product
inspired by love we have developed an
entire collection that revitalizes the
natural beauty and in a spirit of a
woman so cute
that's why I love this product as well I
think that's such a cool story and the
fact that they donate and everything so
nice they've seen me hi-def tinted brush
I haven't actually tried that yet
volumizing promo haven't actually tried
either the volumizing mascara we sell on
our website and my mum likes whiz by it
she only uses this I haven't even tried
it yet to be honest and then revive
brown with eyelash which I love both of
these so yay Thank You revitalash
and she is finally clean I decided to go
through and clean up all the benches and
everything obviously before I filmed
like cleaning off all the dust and
makeup and dusted all of that and that
took a really long time and I put away
just everything in the corners of my
room back games and everything so I'm
gonna film my makeup collection now it's
12 o'clock what do you think Louie do
you approve I also cleaned out my
wardrobe but I'm going to show that
because there's some secret of stuff in
there is India yes yeah I'm happy
everything's put away I'm splitting the
video up into two I'll upload them both
on the same day though at the same time
so you don't wait for anything but just
because I know one pile of videos gonna
be incredibly long more mail just turned
up in this first package there was just
a bunch of Anasazi people hills are
these eyeshadows yeah I should ask you
and then I have no idea what this one is
it came from this package and a Lego
light makeup bag and then looks like
another one so let's get I'm gonna get
this pink stuff you really need some new
products brows all day and inspiring
eyes everything is packaged so nicely so
these are my new products if it wants to
focus there we go much I think
excuse my rubbish pile what else - so
this is what the packaging looks like
it's very similar to like two-faced
packaging like tin packaging so there's
like a huge amount here so here is the
brach here and then here's one of the I
should have kids which I accidentally
dispatched the lid that I'll be able to
put it back on but it's how the colors a
little swap
it's kind of awkward to get my finger in
there with my nails and it's not bad
pigmentation I feel I want actually
using my sugar brush and get a proper
amount of product it'll be nice and so
I'll probably do some kind of tutorial
or try the mountain video at some stage
I don't know win let me know what you
think that took me forever holy I
was even talking smooth dough voiceover
cuz it's gonna go much smoother they do
that it's 5:30 now oh my goodness I
can't believe it I tried to be very
thorough
so hopefully the video comes out okay
fingers crossed this doesn't corrupt or
anything what are you doing look at you
just chillin
you got the hiccups well dip okay I'm
just like hey just say and then he had a
big drink we'll probably spew on you you
need to back to get him all right we
just watched one more episode the first
episode of season two of The Killing
super-good and then I wanted to read
small doses Rammstein today let's see
how much high get done before bid I'm on
the last stretch by need you guys late
now but I'll never wake up in time for
the gym tomorrow 27 minutes ago kind of
nearly at the end
chapter 33 who had a bath
was it your are you getting your dad's
side of the beetle wait now yeah you a
little piglet
Oh time for me to sleep now I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog out till
tomorrow my wisdom tooth kind of hurts
again
