hey guys random note this like vlog
content I'm putting in vlog is from the
day I got my profile treatment purify
the treatment done I just decided to
split it up I was editing like my
profile treatment and it was like 10
minutes long by the time I just talked
about it and then I've logged a lot
about the stuff today like mail and
things so I thought I would like to
split it up for you guys I forget to
thumbs up and subscribe if you're new to
this channel because I'm awesome
I'm kidding omi mail time I got some
stuff from aunt Biddy's holy is
this fate or is this fate maybe the
other day I said I'm gonna persist with
that avocado oil the avocado and Rosa
blue so minutes that video hasn't even
gone up yet so it's not like they saw
that they just seen all this yeah so
what do we have we have worship
superfood antioxidant serum I am all
about the certain life those which solo
my skin skin brightening serum h2o
intensive skin plumping serum the Chia
and QE seed superfood CERN we have a
avocados and Rosa that's what I've been
using and like dying over there so happy
I've got another like some I've got like
I know you may be a third of Madeleine
left and then enjoy your joyous I'll say
what does that say protein rich night
replenishing serum goji berry raspberry
seed oil and hibiscus flower
it sounds so out of it but this excites
me way more than it should so it's got a
whole bunch of like information water by
serum till there's hydration interrupts
very much easily absorbed and then oil
best no Sheen balances natural oil their
balls and fresh chewy texture oh my gosh
I'm so thank you guys for sending those
to me because you must have like written
my mind and then okay hi Shannon we're
dreaming of Norma's sunny Daisy hit
enter excited to share summer lineup
it's all about luminous naked skin
whether you're planning a weekend at the
beach or a like shimmer
summer road trip your mind do you mind
or a summer road trip these products
will keep you going all summer long we
can't wait to see looks in which party
or open to kick away 18 chills money
Thank You Monica oh my god that quick
though yes I woke up like the skin oh my
gosh is this like luminous naked skin
foundation or walk like holy mother
effer naked skin one and done
hybrid complexion Perfector SPF between
a optical blurring and luminous finish
paraben free
hopefully they light light/medium like
BB cream kind of packaging I wonder what
the coverage is like do you want to see
a first impression you get 40 ml which
is really good you get more than normal
I'm guessing it's some kind of like
tinted moisturizer I'm excited I like
the packaging like it looks really nice
like metallic and everything and then we
also have bronzer and afterglow powder
highlighter I already know that it's
gonna be pretty this is this and eye
shadow which is beautiful we have
another bronzer another afterglow aura
and then another afterglow and fireball
and Emma decay eye pencil looks like a
nude color and kissing walk of shame yep
and then heartless this is a I cancel as
well okay I'll open these so you can
have a look for the blush I mean so the
highlight packaging reminds me of their
blushes with like that on the back and
then oh my god best freaking packaging
ever if it ever focuses come on there we
go look at that it's got like palm trees
on it and then it's got like a rose gold
can a bit to it that's helpful the
products look I'll swatch then I'll
leave the others for videos on my main
channel but Oh Mac let me just focus so
I just got off my meeting sorry I was
likes watching that product and my
camera died I kind of switched on my
hand can you say it it's beautiful like
amazing I don't know if you'd be able to
say it properly
the Lighting's a bit dull just so pretty
anyways it's just on Facebook and Kelly
was like yeah
are you hungry she sent me this photo so
they do you want me to bring you over
some lunch I was like yes yes please by
the way this portion of the video was
filmed a different day I filmed this the
same day I got my hair done by L'Oreal
I'm just bringing a different video
look at it listen so you can kind of say
it the lift is like a little bit more
blend it in because it's been sitting on
my hand for a couple hours and then the
other ones like your first swatch real
heavy so time for me to put away the
rest of the stuff well show me Kelly
made these peanut butter purchasing
bowls which I'm not eating and then like
if a counterfeit a smash and like every
cutter hummus dip stuff oh my gosh I'm
so happy by the way I've already started
eating this me and Hamish have just been
digging him but you can um follow Kellis
food Instagram I'll put a link down
below and then when the blog post is up
on how to make it she'll put up a
picture like with the link and
everything so don't follow her yeah I
finished packing all of those they've
got all my stuff away so now I just have
to tidy up the rest of the junk
everywhere but Hamish is finished for
the day it's 5 o'clock and I'm just kind
of like I don't even care about doing it
right now so that's that for the day the
weather outside is just not motivating
me at all
look at all this crazy skincare you like
fake tan and stuff this draws pretty and
this one
so magical applause making burgers Asian
spiced Buddhist you know do you know
what's annoying this is annoying tonight
I am picking out one of them is like
fresh flavor I don't know what that
means
I just said fresh play with some reason
with like tomato lettuce onion avocado
the pity and then this one is mayor and
barbecue sauce pineapple the pity and
some halloumi know how good was dinner
how much did that he preferred though
it's me bless me baby it's so confusing
they're like proper like steak patties
that was so nice it's so much flavor
like so much like they're amazing
so we're gonna buy them again now
feeling very full we're gonna go to be
and watch some Netflix now and it's how
did we watching the killing still I
think we're up to like super rate or
something like that so good I just put
on some more mask pure Finn by Eisenberg
I'm John's like my last application left
and the Lord packaging it's actually
kept super well in these Ziploc bag
surprisingly I thought it might dry out
eventually
but it's been in there for like two or
three weeks or something hasn't it and
it's fine like it's not changed in
texture at all so I'm really happy about
that I need to buy another one I still
haven't purchased another one I'm
thinking when I buy it I might actually
try some other products from the same
brand because I just love this so much
and it's really pricey but it just does
wonders for my skin so I might try like
a cleanser or like a moisturizer or
something from that brand I've got so me
as you saw before I've got so many that
been sent but I just really really want
to try something more from the spring
cuz I'm so impressed with it so I'll see
what happens I'll have a look and see
what they have anyway I just smell so
good as well it's um I go to Italy I
need to like stock up on it hoping like
I reckon I want to take a match over to
visit of my favorite everything at some
stage I don't know when we'll do that we
were discussing maybe even like and like
my mum - we've been discussing like at
the end of this year or something but
we'll see it kind of just depends when
we get some free time and when Hamish
doesn't have hips the station and
everything but yeah I'd love to go over
and take him over because hammy doesn't
mean to Europe or anything as well it
so firm and I can take a needle a nice
Italian food and go explore it'd be so
fun be a vlog little bits and pieces of
like my brush victory and some other
stuff I'm working on so I don't know
that's all just thoughts at the moment
but we'll see I might really enjoying
vlogging the editing sucks but
plugins fun I was talking to someone
from YouTube and they were like ah if
you ever thought about hiring an editor
my gosh how amazing would they be like
most like big youtubers have editors
because then you can really just focus
on the part that you love which is like
the filming but sometimes I like
anything then sometimes I hate editing
you know kind of like hot and cold how
amazing would that be I just feel like
and it I wouldn't miss it the way I
would eat it you know what I mean like I
feel like I wouldn't know like they
wouldn't I don't know it just want to be
my style or like go to edit out parts
that I would keep in or vice versa like
they wouldn't eat it out parts that I
would eat it out or I just started think
I could do it but oh my gosh the thought
is just so dim doing I'm like can you
imagine how much like more free time I
work hard play hard I can't wait to go
cartoon I forgot to say on my blog the
other day like basically we customized
it hot out so black on black 22-inch
rooms tinted windows got some like
accessories added we're having like the
blackest black possible silver seats
black roof panoramic roof what else it's
just going to be amazing I cannot wait
to feel good and show you guys I cannot
wait I'm so excited to show you
so show you that when it comes and I
think it's still gonna be like five
months away or something
little man me
it's like episode tune or something like
that it's really good I hope you guys
enjoy it today so I'll go talk to her
tomorrow
