get moneybags soos serious good morning
can we have my other wither outside you
can't even tell how miserable it is it's
so dark I've got the lights on inside
its 22-8 it's so gloomy and it's just
been busying down rain all morning since
like 5:00 a.m. when I first woke up so
cold it's like winter I hate it so I'm
up early today because I have a hair
appointment on the other side of town at
9:00 a.m. actually for my Dickens Pro
Fiber treatment by L'Oreal which I did a
video on a few weeks back I'll link it
down below I really been liking it so
far like my head's just felt amazing
like so soft I've noticed I don't have
Lakers bloody ins like I normally would
by now cause like it's about time I get
my roots done too and usually by the
time I have to get my roots redone I've
got like split ins I need to trim off
most of the time but this time like I
actually don't know maybe later on after
the treat and I'll show you like the
condition of my hair close up so you can
see a little bit so I'm just trying to
figure out where my little appointment
is I appointment it don't 9:00 a.m. at
visionary Hair Design Center Hills
Shopping Center so yeah that's why I'm
going this way I'm going to slip on a
little bit of makeup afraid go just
because you guys know how it is when you
go to the hair salon and you're like
sitting there in the Cape and you're
like because it just makes you it look
like a little potato so I always put on
a little bit of makeup just to make
myself feel a little bit better I'm
going to show you some more of the
little close-up shots and everything of
how they do it and the process and
everything in case you guys are
interested and in case you didn't see
the last video I'm trapping of what else
I need to tell you I've got a meeting
today and then I've got to clean up my
Beauty room somewhat finish getting rid
of all the junk everywhere and there's
some rubbish have to get rid of so today
is a kind of chill day I'm not doing
anything super intense I've dated a blog
later just the usual
I thought quickly I'm afraid I'm I'm a
couple just give you a quick update and
like review on the actual haircare
products so you only do the little
recharge which I'll show you in just a
second every fourth shampoo I don't know
wash my hair about twice a week want to
hear it says three times a week but I've
been washing my head twice a week when I
can unless it gets super gross from like
the gym and everything and this system
is the only one I've been using I
haven't been using any other shampoos
and conditioners like I've only been
using this L'Oreal system so once again
at the moment I'm using reconstruct I
will be having a new consult today to
see if I need
go down to the middle restore option
which is for a slightly less damage here
than what I have otherwise I guess I'll
just stuck with stick with the
reconstruct but yeah that's what the
consorts will you have another consult
each time just to make sure that you're
using the right system and nothing
that's going to be too heavy for your
here I suppose I'll just grab out the
products they're kind of in my shower
right now so this is the shampoo I've
still got like a ton left I've probably
got like maybe that much left love it
my favorite part is probably the scent
but yeah it's really really good I find
it clings by here really well I can
really work it out to a really good
lever more so than the other stuff we've
been using lately I'm not sure why that
is but it just really gets really really
really so being nice and clean and oh no
it feels quite like luxurious I just use
like a little amount like that much also
probably still too much because you know
how is I always used way too much hair
products but you probably like that much
and then I just like massage your
throughout the roots of my hair and then
just like massage my head like what the
hairdresser's do I like try to do that
and then i use the reconstruct
conditioner which again same thing i
really love it i kind of focus it on the
mid links and then on the ends because
that's what my last stylist when I got
the last pro fiber treatment taught me
to do and then this is the reconstruct
mask which I use every second washer and
then every fourth wash is that the
little reconstruct I'll show you when
there's the pro fiber recharge so this
is like a top up treatment basically
like what you get someone you do this
every fourth wash so yeah you use the
shampoo and conditioner each time my
hair feels like really soft all the time
even if I just wash it and blow-dry it
it's like perfect you know what I mean
like I haven't had to give it any TLC
like it just looks good all the time and
the last thing is the pro fiber
reconstruct treatment which I mentioned
in my favourites video like I love this
it's just like a leave-in cream product
and you just use like a little pump and
again my stylist last time the L'Oreal
professional profiler treatment stylist
up in Auckland he told me just to use a
small amount through the middle inks and
in so that's what I do and I just blow
dry my hair afterwards and that's
basically I love this and it all smell
so good I love the scent of it he told
me last time he was like you can either
do just the mask when you need to do the
mask or you can do the conditioner in
the mask so I just
do it by how I feel that day time for a
little bit of makeup
so here's my casual as heck outfit of
the day choose a class hands jeans are
from misguided they're just like clipper
and then this top is from su pray it's
like uber oversized I got the size extra
smaller still like huge time for food
this lighting is so unflattering could
all fit you mad on toast alright I think
I'm in the right place I've got about 10
minutes to spare so hopefully it's in
here somewhere I think this is the
shopping center I meant to be at so I
met this along now here's a quick look
at it is where we wash our hair and
everything
it's the products we use as well the
profile range so last time I had that
one so the first step as I mentioned
earlier and being a another consultation
before I dive in and get the treatment
done just to make sure that they're
reconstruct still suits my hair levels
of damage and everything and we decided
to stick with it this time just because
obviously like it is very bleached and
everything that we did discuss going
down to a lower level next time which I
tell you about very soon in this video
because so we decided to stick with that
one and my stylist just filled out my
forms and put all of my information in
my little prescription so that took less
than five minutes and then we headed
straight over to the basin and she gave
my hair a wash with the Loreal Pro fiber
reconstruct system so the shampoo and
everything and that's what we're doing
here here's a little close-up of the
products and then we our towel drying
and applying the pro fiber treatments
and everything they want is a more
potent version of the little one you
take away with you that's why it's
important to go into the salon every six
weeks or so just to get a top-up of like
the really strong sell-on strength
formula treatment so yeah we're just
putting that in this is how the salon
formula pro fiber treatment looks in
that little spatula there so yeah we're
just putting that in leaving them for a
while now let it do its thing and then
you rinse it out and then you hit over
to get a blow-dry so now they put in the
leave-in and that's the same one I use
at home just through mid lengths and
ends on my damp here and then as I said
we're just going to blow dry my hair
until it's dry and they also strained it
for me
I'm like obsessed with how my hair looks
in this shot it looks like a friggin
like ad on TV or something I love it so
yeah that's it
so I got my stuff hit'em it's the car
now I'm just going to pop into the
chemists to put in a prescription and
pop to my pure box and then hit home and
then I've got a meeting just walked in
the rain for like 20 seconds and now I'm
like already drenched with anyways they
just like stream I hear for me quickly
as well I swear to god it feels better
this time like after the treatment than
last time and I think they said
something like that like it really does
make a difference every time you get
like the cell long touch-up and she said
next time I'd probably only have to go
in the middle strength and the reason I
went for the reconstruct again was just
because like there was still a little
bit of damage like she tested ass dreams
so you like that elasticity and she was
like I think like next time you'll only
need that I think it's restore the
middle one correct me if I'm wrong I
don't know I definitely like genuinely
feel a difference it actually feels
amazing so yeah I'm really happy they
just gave me like another top-up of all
of the products as well
so like the leave-in shampoo conditioner
mask and then a little um these thingies
so you use one of these every fourth
wash the recharge my hair is getting so
long this is hard to show you look at
there I'm so happy
I actually just cannot stop touching my
hair like I was out in an hour
so it's so fast feel like it took longer
last time but it would have been because
I was being torched through each product
and dipped in everything but it's really
good to know like if you want to fast
treatment it is fast like you don't have
to sit around the song for like three
hours I could I've had in the past with
some other ones so I'm just looking at
the pricing on my phone for those
interested
it's actually really affordable it says
profiler treatment start at $30 and the
home care range starts at $34 like the
shampoo and then goes up to $56 for the
recharge which the retrack the recharge
of these like the treatments and the
little tubes that I showed you earlier
if you're interested in getting this
done which I wholeheartedly 100%
genuinely like I think it's really good
if you want to find a salon close to you
I will put a link down below like a
salon find a link so you can check it
out for yourself and if you do get it
down please let me know what you think
of it I want to like hear your opinions
as well if you wanna see like a quick
closeup of my hair I don't know if you
guys be able to tell much from like a
close-up but I don't even know if you'll
be able to say but my ends just look
like
I haven't had a trim since I last got my
hair dyed so like that was before I got
my first Pro fiber treatment I really
like this hair care routine like at
first I was thinking it's quite
complicated sounding but we have to just
read this little prescription thing that
the here someone will give you and it
explains everything it's really not that
hard so that's my little update loads of
you been requesting an update so
hopefully this video helped you guys out
in making a decision in everything your
book in like a consult or something I'm
sure they'll be able to tell you more
about it as well and like do a little
consultation and see what kind of
treatment your hair needs for depending
on like what condition your hair is in
so yeah I'm pretty happy
