good morning I just faked and my friggin
met it's just like shooting everywhere I
need to throw it away my arms looks to
be hurry cuz there's just like black
length all over them wash my hair I
don't know what the plan is for today I
think we need to find a yard colossal
Simone oh no tamesha's frames 21st today
so we shall be going to that tonight and
I think we're doin golf this afternoon
lo answers have been following me around
for the last few minutes like year me
met crew makes me feel kind of cool give
me let's go
he's trying to conga is that one of this
we might walk behind you like Chester
ChaCha
hey you breathe nasty that's you
do you guys want a tree I've been giving
you a tree in a while do you want a tree
series do you want to treat I think he
does hmm
beef jerky what do you think what do you
think all right stem stay good oh you
got to don't need to rush just take your
time enjoy it
savor the flavor now who take this small
one
take this nice trick and get the big one
mmm so young so young time for me to
have some breakfast I'm hangry do you
know what I hate it's all the little
orange bits like I sit here and like
pick them all out they're so gross
I love the raisins though I start
panicking if I can't find one cuz I know
that there's gonna be one the white
one's a bit too I got this box and I
don't know what it is ready to mingle
we have some hair care so there is
chemist packaging a lot smoothing balm
volumizing shampoo that's quite cool I
just finished reading a book it was cold
I feel like I was reading just now the
opportunist loved me with lies pot one I
can't
read the author because it's written
really really small but I'll list it
down below if you interested I really
liked it was really good it's quite a
bizarre ending but good so we're going
to golf now it is one big go get some
food first I just got on like a romper
play suit what are they called you know
the one pieces and then these white
shorts from cotton I think there's tops
from shop over the back is really cool
try show you quite different but it's
just super super hot so that's what I'm
wearing boy bridge well now if you look
on the window subway quickly now we
rushing off to golf we're a little bit
late but it's alright I'm gonna kick him
ashes off again
my last time
we're good wearing my good old Kmart
shoes everyone likes to hate onto my
boards I like them we've got the goods
chips bread cut oh man
here is my make up of the knife filmed
it but I don't know if I like it enough
to upload it can't get any good lighting
freaking it oh these are some flashes
there - coming - so beauty saying this
is super thick
they're like mink lashes without the
mink wait I just realized I stuck a
really badly on those libel cupboard my
drink of choice for the moment good
morning ahead Easter day I'll begin and
I did not blow - but you're on the
weekend a vlog on the weekend it she
quite like it's nice just hitting a
little bit of a wrist in between like
the workweek I guess it just helps me
recharge so I think I'll probably be
doing this a little bit more often I
think you don't all of you understand I
had a few people tweeting me saying
enjoy your weekend there's still a lot
little bits and pieces on the weekend
but yeah I didn't like yesterday um why
don't I get out to your state not very
much I read a whole bunch more I had a
nap because I was really tired I didn't
really have too much of a hangover which
was quite nice we went out for dinner
with John to a new Carrie place like a
new Indian curry place and the food was
really good yeah that's what I really
did and then just watched the rest of
season one the killing it's called the
killing I always forget what it's called
yeah it was really good and I cannot
wait to watch the second season from
tonight because there was like a huge
cliffhanger at the end like massive plot
twists I was like I'm gonna watch it
like right now Buettner I've got some
winter I decided last minute that I want
to do it my first impression that I
filmed on Friday today like I wanna put
that out today so I need you hit that
like right now because it is already
almost a limit o'clock or a cup at 7:00
and then I open up the curtains and him
is just like no I'm tired I was like now
let's get up and then I lightly I'm
typical and I fell asleep until like hey
bitch it was like almost 9:00 so that
was such a fail I was like yeah I mean
early good Jim and be so on top of
things it didn't happen so it is now
8:30 and I just finished my trailer it
took so long and it's only a minute to
meet a line to let me like the longest
I've ever taken to like eat at one video
like holy crap so I'll probably sit it
up tomorrow my channel so if you're
interested in seeing it if you're not
subscribed to my channel pop up yeah
yeah it's just like all these random
bits in that screen shouting stuff and
like looking at old videos and going my
old computer get old video isn't it's
just like so much stuff I'm all
computers in my filming room it's what I
used to film on today I got a couple of
it's a male so I'll show you that
quickly otherwise today's blows
literally like 2 minutes long probably
yes your little picking cards came fake
so beauty if it wants to freaking focus
metallic it's a pretty I got this lip
plumper I'm gonna try that out new
sunglasses from pega Marie calm Ted
observe peg Marie calm look how cool
these are the key and then there rose
gold it's not a fluttering reflection of
me you get the idea and then the last
thing is the kpop collaboration with
color pop blue stuff I'll be pretty I
love that color sunny cold blush they
blushes or bronzes bronzer I don't know
pretty the lip colors look like they'll
be real nice as well I've just been
reading all night long reading this
tickin it's a great expectation or
something like that it like follows on
from another if the characters like
stories it's really good like addicted
I've already read like half of it but
now it is like I live in Diddy so it's
time for me to go sleep
hope you guys enjoyed today's I'll go
talk tomorrow
