good morning it is Friday Friday right I
got three packages today I may also open
it soon I'm gonna have a shower and then
I'll come back and make smoothie quickly
because I'm freezing because I'm so
sweaty and it's cold outside and you
know how it is freaking hate the cold
I'm really not impressed that it's all
done right now really really not
impressed today I'm gonna film I'm like
doing 90s inspired makeup I'm gonna do
like a more modern twist on it so it's
not just gonna be like old school like
frizzy hair and it's gonna be like
cool and like wearable felt like today
bring pick this exact here like yeah I
just feel like being a bit crazy and fun
today we're actually going to the circus
tonight with Amy and then Kelly and her
boyfriend don't Kelly that you know
Kelly different Kelly either other
freakin Kelly so yeah we are into the
circus tonight and I was like oh well
like because I want to do something
slightly glittery but no guys talking
about yeah I'll let you say it like
you're in this vlog but I thought it
would look good with like the circus as
well let's take it's themed I can look a
little bit crazy but it's not gonna be
like super crazy it's still gonna be
wearable but still like a little bit of
a 90s fun Flair if they make sense so
yeah so this giant box came from Ofra
cosmetics the stairs misguided I'm just
kissing him that it's promised guarded
maybe and then I also got a lewd one
over here I'm not sure what's in this
way it doesn't say who it's from I
probably won't open the misguided one on
camera because it's just going to be a
mission to show you everything cuz it's
clothing my door-hole might not we'll
see how we go got some stuff from Manuka
doctor so they see me the purifying face
mask it's so satisfying to me when like
everything fits perfect and like a box
the way they've just packaged this so
smooth oh my gosh really look how much
stuff they seem holy crap
oh my gosh look at a little lipsticks
and things
lipsticks for days I don't even know
they did foundation well I'm gonna have
fun playing with all of this and putting
it away
look I've even got like banana okay I've
been spoiled thank you Oh Fred that's a
lot of stuff a lot of a lot of stuff Wow
this contouring and highlighting cream
Pat Kelly
there's just absolutely everything in
here awesome
okay thank you got my top on for my
tutorial and I'm just doing a quick mask
cuz my skin feels really rank today this
is the give a loop Yura fighting mass I
look like that rank yeah I'm having
Meister breakfast someone helps me I'm
so excited
Hamish is walking around in jocks cuz
it's like real hot it's like I gotta get
dressed for the gym and I'm just so bad
head shower still kinda changed it's a
nice clothes it keeps getting my way you
like walk straight right around my boat
no norm time it
so this is how my modern take on 90s
makeup came out I did glitter hopefully
you can see 90s look awkward 90s like
colorful I should her because it made it
really wearable I was like looking at
these photos of Gena pay and a student
she had like a lilac eyeshadow just like
all over and then like a superstar quite
highlight so I did like this really
bright highlight glitter matte lips also
during a first impression on a tinted
moisturizer which I cannot find where is
that Curtis The Naked scum went through
got in the mail I was not going for it
then 90s eyebrow as you can see scrub it
yeah I just retort when you hear
tutorial in like a zigzag pop I don't
even know if I like should upload this
because it's really not that like I
don't know it's not that different from
some other looks I guess I don't really
know I suppose it kind of is but who
knows I was just feeling like doing this
today I really felt like it and I like
it I don't I really we know if you want
tutorial and all and I'm wearing a
lipstick that hates of you guys and my
blogs have been asking about I was like
oh like everyone always asked what this
look color is so I thought I would do it
like put it in a tutorial should I be a
bitch and make you wait until the
tutorial
evil laugh not it's one by Mello posh by
Melo but I mixed it with a couple other
colors I'm here to make a little bit
more pink but yet the other day that's
what I was wearing in Auckland okay I'm
gonna do it a little bit more filming
and then I'm gonna put away my makeup
and start filming my makeup collection
random note if you ever get your makeup
brush handles or your brush rep but
grubby I've just clean that side but see
how like obviously when you're around a
lot of makeup stuff gets me see so I
just took like any old baby wipe I just
buy the cheapest ones and I always get
the unscented ones cuz I just think that
I'm just into this bit of I don't know
and you literally just clean it off it's
so easy to clean look at that then
obviously just let it dry you can wipe
it dry with a tissue or something if you
like but yeah let's leave gotta do and
the same with the new brush handles
because they have that kind of like met
feeling handle like similar to NAS
the Naz packaging hopefully you can kind
of see what I mean like it's a bit
grubby yeah this is so hard to show you
same thing just any old makeup wipe and
it's clean
same with mass packaging and everything
as well like if you have duty nos
packaging that's all you got to do I
straight it off so you can see and sand
with that see clean so I'm pretty much
done I just got put away the knickknacks
and then wipe down the bench I've done
everything else put away all that stuff
too
so I didn't actually start filming
because I realized I had to put up a
vlog so I've just done that it is at
that vlog and then I am did some social
media stuff that is true and then I
started making a channel trailer so if
you aren't sure what a channel trailer
is basically excuse me get down what are
you doing
basically a channel trailer shows out to
people they did not subscribe to my
channel so if you guys are subscribed to
my channel you won't really see it but
the people that and not subscribed at a
white pop-up when they click on my page
and people have been telling me to do
one pages and like you know YouTube's
told me I should probably do it wait
YouTube that try to help me like grow my
channel and everything like give my
suggestions alright beyond this to like
the past our main Hammes you need to be
living in five minutes to go get some
dinner
it's 5:30 um haven't got interest yet
but I just want to show you this really
quickly this is not like the final this
is just like some stuff I'm playing
around with I need to edit it way more
oh my god
technical difficulties it's freezing
freezing no don't do this to me so
here's my outfit for this circus this
top is from romwe I got this years ago
this top here is Kukai I got it from
Auckland on our last trip like on the
weekend these jeans
I'm excited someone's over the other day
in the same shoes as well from galloons
and now I just put my hair into a
ponytail and the problem is they have a
food baby right now and it's just about
to get bigger because we're going out
I don't know what we're getting would I
ever get much time so we're at the
circus now that's behind us I'm not
going to take my camera because I don't
think you'll be allowed to film anything
anyway so I'll talk to you guys
afterwards I'll let you know how at the
very beginning though you can take
videos and take photos but no it's
intermission now commence video
good condition on the end
so we just finished it the circuit what
do you think yeah yeah I was good
call it double flip oh I didn't know
people could be in there much needed is
now hi just finished filming what's the
time now it's time to walk Zeus is
sleeping with us tonight
look look look look look hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I will talk to
you tomorrow
good 21st kind of situation tomorrow so
yeah
