I kind of feel like I need to sneeze
good morning
Hamish is alarm went off at like 7:00
a.m. this morning we're both just like
nah I was lying there and Hamish was
like sleeping through his alarm for like
two minutes off like finished almost
coming off he's like oh and then I
went back to sleep till 8 o'clock tried
to get up at 7:00 but just wasn't
happening today it's gloomy outside and
you know sometimes when it's just gloomy
outside and you're just like hmm I'll
just sleep for a little bit longer and
then that happens
but anyway it's just got back from the
gym it is now 10 o'clock I'm going to go
wash my hair wash my face and I scrub my
body and get rid of I think all my fake
tans gone anyway pretty much there's
just a couple little catches I'm going
to scrub off all my feet tan and then
I'm going to come back my breakfast and
when I film today I'm not gonna have a
tan on today and yeah that's the plan so
far finish cleaning my room do a vlog
that's about it old what you guys soon
my hair is so gross right now I just
really want to wash it I don't know why
I look blue right now but I am all clean
and all pay oh by the way little update
on my eyebrows I'm obsessed with them I
am going back in a few weeks for a
touch-up just on this eyebrow this like
a couple little strands that have kind
of fallen out which often happens with
teto's of you I'm going to wear with
cosmetic tattooing it is recommended to
have a touch-up which is free I think
but yeah so I will do that I don't think
I've even like nude to like I could
totally go without about I like
Australia no oh this is my cousin while
I'm there and everything again so gonna
do that I'm really happy with the colour
that faded too I think they look really
really like they match my hair colour
really really well especially when my
roots come through and I still like put
on makeup with them when I wear full
face of makeup because I feel like if I
got them any more dramatic than this
when I wear no makeup like I am right
now it would just look way too intense
so when I've got a full face of makeup
on sometimes I will just fill them in a
little bit thicker if I feel like it if
I'm wearing like a really dramatic you
know I should have looked or whatever
however I just think they look so
natural and really pretty I'll try show
you a close-up in a second but yeah I'm
really happy with them and also when I
do fill them in it literally takes me
like a minute like it's nothing compared
to before was like 10 minutes it's like
a minute now because all I have to do is
literally just like make them like once
and thicker if I want them thicker but I
really like how they look with no makeup
so so much time and then if I just wear
like normal makeup often what I'll do is
I'll just wear some like tinted brow
mascara just to hold all my little hairs
in place because they all like kind of
like flop down and look all weird so I
just kind of like comb them into place
and then just add in a little bit of
mascara so yeah that's a little update
or close-up by the way I'm holding these
in my hair because I'm about to put some
into what's it called like white mint
stuff on so don't mind that I'm trying
to get it to focus okay there we go so
you can see each individual here so they
look like here's they don't look like
big blocks you know what I mean this one
needs to be just touched up in here I
feel just a little touch but look when I
move my hair as you can see I'm really
happy with them and the reason I got
them like a shade darker than before I
think I said right at the beginning as
well is because they last longer because
the lighter the color you go the less
time they last because they only last
like 18 months to two years kind of
thing although my tears do do hold
really really well like these ones I got
a while ago a couple years back maybe I
can't remember and finca taters usually
fade extremely fast especially in color
look they look brand-new so hopefully my
face eyebrows kind of are the same
although obviously kind of wash your
face and exfoliate your face but um so
who knows will soon see though yeah
that's my little in - what day I'm in
love if you've been thinking about it I
totally recommend it just make sure you
go somewhere good because you don't want
to end up with a big mistake on your
eyebrows I've seen some dodgy jobs in
the past and like I've had a lot of
compliments on them as well like I go to
my nail appointments and stuff with my
makeup on and my now just say you look
different I can't put my finger on it
like I got my eyebrows to do it on
oh my gosh my hotel was like falling off
and she was like hah their day she's
like they look so real Oh like I
couldn't even tell that arrowed so yeah
I'm happy
you will never guess what just freaking
happen my camera somehow cuz this is
like in here so somehow like it was
sitting like this and the little string
of my camera somehow cooked right in the
drawer
so I pulled my camera without expecting
that to happen because like I didn't
even know this was open and then I
pulled it and then obviously I couldn't
group my camera properly because it got
pulled back and I wasn't pulling it hard
enough dropped it on the ground it
completely like friggin made this awful
noise but my camera seems to be working
currently so hopefully it doesn't break
anyway here's my smoothie hopefully I
get time later on to do groceries
because we have like no food in the
house right now it's really depressing
like II don't even have mixed berries I
don't even have spinach huh tastes super
great good green stuff ish I didn't do
the beetroot again today yesterday I
started gagging like when I got to the
end of my smoothie I was like blue it
just was not good at first was fine but
then I think it was like once the
smoothie started like warm yeah cuz I
didn't drink it quickly not a good time
I'm going to play dress up in my new
pagan clothes peg American clothes that
I got the other day of my vlog come wait
hopefully these look good so this is
just like a simple t-shirt dress and
then that Cape I got to and I'm going to
wear the boots into a photo by the way
here's the makeup I did today I'm gonna
change my lips to note for this photo I
think though is what this eye makeup and
like the purple in the one line it's
kind of hard to see in this lighting
because it's really dark yeah I like it
a lot so I don't know when I'll put up
the tutorial but there will be a
tutorial so yay - lets the kuwaiti
having leftovers for lunch this is just
like brown rice quinoa stir-fried bit
cheese and I'm just looking at some of
the photos I took my makeup they came
out so well they did there's a straight
off the camera haven't edited them yet
when I edit them I usually just make
sure there's no like imperfections on my
face like pimples and stuff and then
just mess around with the color balance
everything a little bit I sharpen up
some areas sometimes like if I'm I'm
wearing glitter and bits and pieces are
usually just shopping it up to make it
really stand up I don't know what I'm
doing a video went up today what do you
think well I'm glad you like it
I'm just like I look like a little bitch
anyway go right Jade you haven't seen it
yet I called it the boyfriend makeup
lesson or something today no I don't
teach you my boyfriend makeup that's
what I call it we're just doing some
groceries now so got no food I like your
shoes
it's good where'd you get them um
over lanza over lens I actually modified
the no because a test was everywhere so
I cut them all oh yeah that's right yeah
they looked a bit weird and they're not
normally look for color
with um their beeswax up okay
look at these look how weird these look
rockmelon I bet it's gross
I hate melon look at them trying to make
Brussels sprouts look fun what a lie
I'm craving pasta so they're gonna get
back but to be new Italian very what's
up what up
well the Henry shakes our followers out
leaner people trying to copy my maker
I'm calling my style now it seems like
that a lot of people like this so that's
good yeah I like it
I got a peach Bellini and Hamish got
would you get brownie that's right I
can't see we open yeah yeah it's behind
the sign yeah thank you
you're glad to have a drink enjoy by the
way I haven't even tried that yet you're
getting the fifth set it's good listen
others now it's like a little keyboard
yeah I like it
what are these scallops
yes scholars scholars good I like
scallops scallops Scalia one so like
that ice-cold milk you so much source
netskope's
this place is really a few guys heaven
bangin I'm you should come yes y'all are
it's like a really nice layout adoption
chin
if you come in at the moment it's still
really it's like 5:30 we're both hungry
it's almost 6:00 now but yeah I got
bruschetta just the tomato when it's my
favorite I get it every time
what did you just say boys I'm just
going to talk to you cause Shannon's
boringly no say what you just did see
what I see you guys never gonna get
video of amazed doing
no no Shannon doing my makeup so stop
asking me the Hessian yeah it's true
I've been begging him for ages I
remember back in the day I was like if
this point gets 100 tweets and I hit
100,000 subscribers I get to do Hamish
as makeup and that doesn't happen
it was quite interesting because I don't
say that Shannon just sank oh no I
probably say you're like I can share go
go for it like what just lying I don't
do any of the other stuff all most of
the other side do your own makeup now
what do they do then oh you should do do
you know what we should do next time
um where you do my hair what you've just
are my I'll show you pictures and then
you have to do my hair and those styles
like braids to curls
yeah Hamish got the tooling it's like
pina sauce mmm - Lainey knows good he's
like I've got my funk ready I mean I got
the Polo with that chicken just like
extra mushrooms this is the struggle I
have - we have to leave our food to show
you guys
hey miss kit so he's like hurry up I'm
great
sometimes I'm yeah sometimes I'm like
way too angry and then I just completely
forget to show you don't like there
 WLAN but I'm in the hair but where
I just have to like wait yeah yeah okay
nailed it now we feel very full - full
cheerful let's get back so good and I
didn't finish this and finished mine you
check your meal spit so where there's no
grain things huh look at parsley
hey I wonder that was who is that
is it you hi do another one
ready sit good boy
because he's going to toilet Roboto
nice got it you're such a dick
I was about to my vlog just now put my
camera on charge because it's blinking
at me and then I realized I forgot I
mean what I was about to put my camera
on joshs now and then I remembered a hen
in my blog ended my blog we just watched
episode 7 of the killing it's called the
culling rat on Netflix skinny yeah it's
like really good at the moment
yeah good time now it's like 10:30 or
something I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I'll talk to you more
