sake it is it good
hello good morning
it is Monday I had a great sleep last
night
like I feel like I slept forever feel so
refreshed so I got up at about 8 o'clock
hit it to the champ it is now quarter
past 10 so we were there for a little
bit and I was kind of doing some emails
while I got ready for the gym as well so
today I'm gonna do some editing it it a
vlog because I haven't put up a vlog in
a day or two and I also want to edit my
collab I did with it alone so I'm really
excited to get that but it's gonna take
so long because there's like two hours
of footage because they just set there
in torch the whole time through the
video I need to edit out like so much
random chatter and they don't want to
just finish cleaning up my Beauty room
and then tomorrow might film something
and then film the intro to my beauty
like makeup collection they maybe film I
make out the collection and then
Wednesday I have wait it's not Monday
it's Tuesday okay so tomorrow it's
Thursday I have a couple of meetings and
I think if I hear appointment or
something so that's the plan
if it's yet Tuesday that's so weird
because you're so we came back from
Auckland I feel like it should be Sunday
yesterday I feel like every time I get
back from the gym my face is so puffy
it's so weird it gets so hot and like
meza for a package came I'll open it
quick you wash my skin after this like
it's so sweaty and gross that feels
grimy as it's gross and they don't
make a smoothie dancin so yeah I used
trip it to the addresses jumble on the
down bar it's under American address
let's make mutate to a llama turn
yourself a few days because that was
including like a weekend and everything
I'll show you a sneak peek but I reckon
I'll probably do a proper haul so yeah
keep it up that may be all that smart it
means how much time I get really I just
ran off and done did like a bunch of
emails but anyway so I got another aqua
foundation what's a lot another one of
these the other color
I Pell it I'm not gonna show you
anything properly because as I said
overly to a hole and look how many
forgetting what products I go up I'm so
doing another lip swatch video because I
cannot get enough of these like they're
so good really like thank amel this was
for a first impression so I got two
shades because I've no idea what shade
I'm gonna be it Supremes if I'm like
fake - Andrew anything as well so I got
118 and 128 hopefully they're right
there obviously fell out will also have
a very runway pellet Springs some of
he'll I think that's a halide or
something apartment but one of the naked
skin color Kirk days I love the
concealer I actually was meaning to get
and I'll one of the concealers blessing
all clearly because mine is starting to
run out already well I shouldn't say
already because I use it all for him
time but I wanted to get another one
anyway
remarkable foundation again first
impression Chris Fox keeps nagging me to
torture not nagging
that sounds really rude he's a cannon
have you bought it yet he's like I don't
trust myself to buy it until you've done
a review it sounds like I will buy it
for you and for everyone else that's
been asking so I'll do that at some
stage I want to do it more affordable
one first I like Nick's so we'll see how
we go cover if it's custom color drops
and I think these are like a shade
lighter than mad lines I've always
didn't wanted a shade lighter because if
when I'm not wearing so much fake tan I
kind of like embrace my natural skin
tone a little tiny bit more often these
days and so I wanted to get a lighter
shade because I just am obsessed with in
there great and then a powder and this
is a highlighter soft powder radiance
enhancer so there goes my life savings
yeah you guys have been requesting a lot
stays is like lots of stuff for reviews
and lip swatch videos and then a couple
of things I've just been wanting to try
as well so I'm excited about all this
random but I have been obsessed with
this oil lately it's just like a little
like travel-size or something
he's like half already but it makes my
skin feel so soft I love it
it's rosehip oil so really good flight
at any scarring and everything and it's
got avvocato ale in his well because I
clearly don't eat enough epic Otto so
you know could I actually put it on my
face as well just kidding
but anyway this smells really really
strange though like I think it's the AVA
cod or oil it just smells weighted but
it was so good I have zero greens I need
to go do some groceries so I'm just
going to use these and supplements
I am NOT looking forward to this banana
mango almond milk coming home with
powder which is completely fine within a
whole scoop of good green stuff which
has been enough plus I'm trying
beetroot powder in this and that just
doesn't what see I'm pleased in I love
big fruit juice but I just cannot
imagine mixing beetroot with mango and
banana I just feel like it's not a
really good combination so it doesn't
smell they're cooking away surprisingly
does not taste like be true at all
if anything it tastes more strongly of
good green stuff but it's manageable
but you know how the other day I said I
did half a scoop of good green stuff but
then that cumin cumin powder kind of
like neutralizes the flavor I guess or
this like whole scoop of good green
stuff isn't too bad once I've got the
other ingredients in there it's
definitely not terrible it's not the
most delicious smoothie but it's not
gross so thank goodness look a cute
looki you two little brothers mmm hi
who's this this is your Christmas
present do you still love him look he
started picking him apart yes this no
poor nibble nibble it's naughty it's
naughty he's such a little cutie
Zoey you he just loves his here short
doesn't he like he's just a brand-new
pup but his personality I mean and
because as I said I think he's used to
the camera now like he used to hide from
it he hated it but now like I can put it
his face and he's not too bad when
usually he would like look away because
he just hated the camera but now he's
used to it
Hey he's almost you for another trim I
think because it's down to here very
dense and it's not quite cold enough to
justify a thick coat yet it's still
quite warm even though it's going into
autumn what is autumn but you know so I
think we'll give them another trim and
then we'll it
a little bit and they maintain like a
slightly longer in winter hey it's not
like he'll freeze we usually pump this
all day long for like the dogs in winter
so they didn't get cold and look at all
these blankets one two three four five
six
Zeus has won by the front door - they
sorta spoil her that another one over
there
well I thank you peg Marie and zaboo
take both sending me back my charger
that I left stupidly on the disk
lifesaver bergen thank you i was gonna
film i needed to film tomorrow but not
very easy when your camera's did and you
don't have a charger it's four o'clock
and i just finished editing a look and
that PBR and dig so beauty stuff emails
and some packaging stuff and I can't
remember just other local jobs so now
I'm gonna go clean up some more of my PT
room and put some more of my makeup
alight slowly getting that absolutely
here we go
we're getting there I've got bunches of
stuff to get rid of you know woman's
refuge or look good feel better family
and friends and stuff that's all clean I
still gotta organize this and that I
filled up all those drawers and those
two drawers doing that one next with
backup and spear and new blushes and
then skin care and falsies and stuff
we're gonna go in the last three so I'm
getting there and they're not all of
this but there's just rubbish gotta
clean up all of that stuff there
I'm and put that all away it's like a
couple of my clutches and stuff um what
else now just got some empty pellets now
I need to go through my wardrobe and
just make sure that so empty and then
put away all my like lighting equipment
and camera equipment and really I've
just got a couple things to put away
here - Hamish made me dyndns they're
gonna watch bitter cold so now such a
good shot we got we figured out how to
give Louie
we'll get his nails trimmed I like hold
onto a make our room and like rub his
face and then Hamish leg gently like
snips them away while I was standing up
and holding him here just like front
legs out dangling cuz his back pulls it
completely fine a super short cuz of
like concrete
Staffing must walk weird but his front
boy like front nails were quite long so
he got them dad yeah this is a fine his
haven't really grown that much he's got
lots of black nails and he's got a
couple of pink ones so I kind of have to
judge how long they are from like the
pink ones they can see the quick so
confusing we just watched Bates Motel
pinnacle saw and now we are watching
shameless we've watched the us my eyes
are watering like almost bit it's the
worst as if you died from that oh you'd
like get up to heaven they're like how'd
you die you'd be all embarrassed to tell
your story
