can we admire just the lighting right
now look at this view
oh good morning by the way sky tower
it's so beautiful it's such a beautiful
day and I'm just sitting here my towel
so hopefully there's no creepers but
this lighting it's just like oh my god
my skin looks so good like look how
flawless my skin looks okay all right
I've got my makeup on him just leave my
hair dry today and this morning I think
we need to go to Landrover have a look
at the Range Rovers and make a decision
I think we're thinking yes we're gonna
get one so I'm nervous
we're like we just need to make a
decision because we keep putting it off
and this lipstick is by Miller just been
wearing them a lot lately a caramel what
the shade name is but it's the light
pink lip paint and I've got better than
six lashes and then the typeface disc
Fisker at the coffee club for breakfast
branch just before you head off to land
rover Hamish is vlogging today so make
sure you check out his channel because
he'll put that other Suns - I don't know
what I feel like maybe every cutter
picks I don't know I want this
her speaks with Nutella banana without
marshmallows though I don't really like
marshmallows you know today I'm trying a
cup of Chino and I don't know what a
cappuccino is because I normally get one
blacks or mockers if I feel like
something sweet sir I don't know what
what I'm doing I just just like kind of
Chino I'm just looking at this terrible
because it is unhealthy it's almost this
bar it's good that coleslaw looks so
good look at your homes long yes honey
master caution let's go holy crap I am
so cool so now I got into Landrover
don't know how much I'll vlog a little
bits and pieces maybe we'll see we're in
the car I'll turn down the radio
this guy's phenomenal this isn't the
exact one we getting but it's very
similar it's the same engine so we're
just driving it around while he gets the
paperwork ready for us to look at the
engine you probably won't go to here it
sounds nice though
one of my favorite parts is the
panoramic roof social year
it's huge this car is like a truck like
I feel like I'm sorry for often it's in
the Porsche to this well even just any
car
you're looking at like a normal for
drive like a normal like a Dodge will
drive pass and we're still like way
higher than it it's so funny like it's
just huge so it's got the big panoramic
roof and then heaps the room in the back
room for car seats a mesh and then
there's like aircon in the back and
everything they get so freakin nice I
love it
that's a rav4 and when who's bigger than
it here comes this is a land my Range
Rovers Land Cruiser discovered something
yes oh he's about a little bit smaller
there's something present say what the
letter appeared in the box
no we're not pretty big me to the bus
sir there's that saline for a severe to
the right they're pretty big tires oh
yeah same size really yeah
they're big - look how big we are next
to just like little cars so fat you
can't even tell them camera a bit big
full of it
I just love feeling like super high off
the ground like there's the Porsche
which I love and it's all sporty and low
and quick and stuff loser Specter but
you know what I mean and then this one
is just huge with heaps of space to be
so good for traveling and stuff since we
travel a lot for work and everything
we've done a spot of shopping
what you lookin for just a t-shirt
t-shirt
we've come to the curb for dinner
everybody look to the menu I'm gonna get
this it looks so good
I got a strawberry pi√±a colada
I got the chip letter we got them last
time it's like a corn chip letter so we
got back like half an hour ago to our
hotel after dinner I feel so sick like
so full I was like starving before
dinner ahead like some of my own treads
and a drool because it was like a lot of
chips and then I waited for my main got
my main head like half the big I picked
most of the fillings out cuz I just
didn't feel like I chose I didn't feel
like mushroom so it was like a
cheeseburger literally like with cheese
in it and if akkad oh it was really good
and then I ate like a few buys I died
and I'm so full and so sick but now
anyways we've just been lying on the bed
living our food kind of digest and now
we're getting to the movies I'm really
excited so I'll let you know you know
that oh you guys know what it's like
when we get back 10 Cloverfield Lane
yeah like real high reviews and we're
gonna we're gonna sit in the real fancy
seating which are my side of X we've
always wanted to do it Bobby said we
don't live in Oakland team or so we
can't go to Sylvia Park and sit and like
the couch seating so that's what we're
doing tonight and I can't wait can't
wait to see how comfy it is see you soon
hey guys were back from the movie it was
really good bit of a waiting dig I
almost feel like there's gonna be a
second one do you reckon yeah I reckon
there'll be a second one but it was
really good it was real scary at some
points like terrifying like I could not
breathe like kind of made me anxious
kind of creepy yeah this is definitely a
thriller it was really good though like
I would recommend saying it was real
different
quiet like you don't really know what
you say when you don't really know what
you think if the carrier does your light
is he good is he busy not you know you
just constantly are being thrown or an
ting you just don't know what to think
like it's quite cool but yeah anyways
it's like I don't even know what time
right now 10:30 11:00 quarter past 11 so
we're gonna go to sleep now tomorrow a
bit to Pammy I don't know what time
we'll get out we'll probably just wake
up when we wake up we've got until teen
to get out of the hotel so yeah um oh
the premium like seating and stuff like
the couch is it so we have I was so good
but it took us ages you know there like
there was so many people getting drinks
and stuff and were like we just want a
 we just want to start the movie and
it took like so long like they weren't
mini stuff on so that was really
annoying but the actual like seats were
anything like you could like recline it
was almost like a bid and it was just I
was so worth it
probably wouldn't do it every time
because it was quite expensive it was
like $50 to something or 40 something
dollars but I would definitely do it
once in a while I think it was really
cool yeah I hope you guys enjoyed says
well I'll talk to you tomorrow bye good
morning it is Monday yeah I think it's
Monday today we're driving it back home
so yeah I'll probably just see you again
once we get back to pommy I can't wait
to see the puppies I like miss them a
lot
oh my goodness
beautiful doughnuts he did Tiana's he
did Oh careful sit sit Louie sit down
sit down please I have mail Susie I have
mail let's put away my shopping I did
yesterday didn't I
I thought show you guys my god oh well
it's just some basics from like super
Kukai and I got a couple of jackets from
Dorsey and stuff all right one was from
vanity planet teeth whitening stuff
another from make up GAID teen shade
shannon color outside the lines cute
these are eyeliner pencils TOI devtools
I kind of love this packaging it reminds
me of like coloring in pencils I suppose
that it's the whole point but like when
you're a kid you get like Crayola oh I
like the packaging so they come with
like the color on the outside and a
little like dark silver cap oh they're
really creamy easy to glide on will try
it's blue so you can see better yeah
they're real easy to use so I'll so try
these out in a video at some stage and
then third we have some Hulk packaging
what is this the bomb Ned lash mascara
black mascara cut with an
injection-molded wand
male s transpose your lashes to new
levels of height and fullness so there
must be the mascara there your pop rocks
geek glasses I think it's like a mystery
like scientists thing well thank you the
balm and makeup geek infinity planet so
tonight I kind of started organizing all
of my stuff that was out of all of those
like clear things and my wardrobe
started doing some eyeliners jumbo eye
pencils jumbo a jumbo old my Spearman
scars and hearing back their liners and
staff brow stuff sorry my stuff I still
got like 20 drawers to do so I'll do
that sometime makes you ready to film my
makeup collection like all of that stuff
and riffing on the speech here is going
into these have organized all of my
drawers for the most part I've kind of
got to do two more slightly but they'd
only take me like you know two minutes
to kind of do so hopefully this week
sometime we'll do that I've got a lot of
editing so tomorrow when I like get my
collab video edited and everything so I
got a little later from big a few shin
and mush looks like it is a new burger
tinned Rory at Baird burger tinned Rory
bird free-range creamy some in cooking
at yogurt freshly sliced banana in solid
relish and aioli my girls don't sort out
of it yeah you bitch made my legs he's
so comfortable to go up and brush my
teeth but look at his face
and his feet well I've got on my peer
glam glow mask it's the mask to oil or
something like that one in the green
packaging I love this mask so much
I have probably got like three or four
more applications left and then I'm all
done so to speak about in an empties
video also I want to talk about these
makeup geek I want is that i swatched on
my hand like they lost pretty well when
I rub on them they don't as smudge they
just fade a tiny bit yeah like you're
not gonna really be able to see it's
still very noticeable via they don't
some
they like stay put and is if you're
gonna be rubbing your either hard
Alysse gaming with a mesh hey does
anyone have any tips on keeping dogs
come to clip the necklaces back nails
are perfect because when we'll walk him
they like file like on the concrete
but as front nails get long we did you
see it and done professionally because
we just hate doing ourselves and
unfortunately last time the lady trimmed
two or three of his nails way too short
and got the quick and made him bleed and
stuff we didn't know until we got him
home so we've got clippers and then
every time we try to do it he just
really Penix obviously because last time
it happened it hurt so does anyone have
any advice on how to keep from real calm
while we can do it cuz like even when
he's calm like this right now he'll
still like jerk his hand away as soon as
we get the little tool near his nails
it's so hard and they just starting to
get a little bit too long now you know I
don't know what to do they don't like to
upset him and I'm skid there if he's
like jerking his poor like we're gonna
clip him too short so it's tricky
because I kiss myth and neck rub he's
flopping over so relaxed this is just in
the background having a look he always
tells us it matters for a weird
oh hey look down
welcome in the beer
he's so small I am incredibly tired so
I'll talk to you guys tomorrow
behind him my vlogs again cuz I've only
been able to put up one since I've been
away such as live told you guys tomorrow
