good morning today I'm going to do some
editing and then I don't know what we
got you later this afternoon
it's my I need you'd like it at my
description for this video I want to
start editing the collab video too
I think it's gonna be so fun and I
needed to a vlog because I didn't get
time Easter day I've sit up here I've
just edited today's video description it
took so long pagans are from the corner
watching Chris Boggs you can hear him
laughing
1156 oh my new video goes out real soon
his computer so slow compared to my main
one at home so that is going up today so
by the time you see this will hug it's
already up so go check it out it's using
the mini MUA appellate makeup key
palette so I am helping by looking
Biggins picking up some of your orders
you don't know it's um pegye Marie calm
someone's bought from ten cuz it's good
it's funny cuz it's like very similar to
what we're doing so beauty too
it's like same same bit different rollro
can make like a hit new single bubble
wrap bubble wrap shape - oh my gosh wait
show me your candle I haven't actually
seen these in real life oh it's no this
well this is like a sample so it kinda
looks a bit okay well it's a sample guys
don't judge it someone's out where I've
like Rob Bowie
what is that hazelnut vanilla it smells
like chocolate without the chocolate do
you not I mean yeah I just got that like
real rich kind of flavor these are the
ones that in if anybody is I can I smell
one I might smell these and then you
give me a duty fingerprints all over
them yeah that one I'm really good oh my
god that's so good
black rice breiman well that smells like
loli it's like it smells like a 50-state
loli mixture this one's really this
one's like a real clean smell like you
know I got down at alarm cooking
and you won't like not I like that this
reminds me of like Fiji yay like it
smells like cocktails like refreshing
cocktails and so and my son what's that
it's different every car to a minute
that smells more fresh than the other
one I feel yeah that's like that's much
that's stronger yeah I got more
like it smells like a clean house like
when you've like Donald spray and wipe
and like get out your house you know I
need to have like um cooking mate and
it's like oh there's a disgusting smell
you wanna you know yeah yeah this is
really been like a nice it smells like a
clean home like if you just like clean I
think my favorite is the coconut lime
and one hazelnut yeah mine's a high Zuma
not it raster ones get too hot enough I
like the rice sweet one other wooden
samples of like I was just like candles
yeah I feel like it's got a really
warmed up go heat pumps wit it's so cold
in Christchurch today look how pink I am
we were like got it this morning and it
was like 10 degrees up I was like oh
okay yesterday it was like literally 30
degrees like sweetie hot and then there
was like more and it was some Hema and
it was like just a disaster day and
playing dress-ups
what are these cold these are the
scarlet Bert I was like I went to try
these on
they look pretty they're very Ariana
Grande aren't they and like Beyonce yeah
I like them my next ya Doug B is selling
like crazy I've seen people over like
that engineer like oh yeah they're
really nice it feels like are they too
tight but if that would light loose then
you wouldn't be able to friggin light
that's all off yeah they look really
good
I like them they make you look like you
got long legs
what do you peel with this I reckon like
long jersey dresses like that new Cape
that I've got in yeah I think I need
them I think I haven't got enough cards
they're very like sexy on there I reckon
yes I got the goods
I couldn't leave here without getting
some stuff but I'm such a Shopaholic
wait should I give them a discount code
I forgot I have a discount code I don't
make him any money off it or anything
but if you want is it - yes - you're not
geniac so on paper EECOM I should
probably put that on my snapchat just
did like a little snip chat like shop
sesh yeah thanks pagan for the discount
code plan some makeup I'm gonna wear
some red lipstick but first I think it's
only with the light gold one and then
I've just got Kat Von D contour and
highlight kids kind of my contour
bronzer and all my eyes like those in
sex mascara the foundation is the equi
something by coach endo they're like
pump 101 and then next you fix powder
yeah that's pretty much it and a little
bit of bro plumper just to keep my
eyebrows in place but the territory is
pretty much like my eyebrows hitter is
pretty much healed now so it's looking
pretty good I think
so we're going to win eBay it goes again
that when we went to last time with
Sully and Tom iron Hamish and crashed it
you guys might have seen that vlog same
place
Muniz magaz like i said thank you say
goes
I don't know something like that
say on your second some pagan there we
go we're waiting fat friend because we
do have friends right
I've been like addicted to hardline
later that's not good
I keep getting it in stock pubs the best
kind of food
yeah you eat that wedgie
yeah wedgie wedgie Nikita
KGB
so I'm in a chat
funny off we're family dining would
you like a chip as well
it looks good what is that oh yeah
social
okay but just tucking Shannon into B's
she's just tucking her in on it so it's
more charge
Shannon's too tired tonight that's why
she's invaded she says goodbye good
morning I'm going home today what's
going on for like two minutes and then
back up to Auckland
Oh huh did you have a bath hi I look at
you little fat potato I love you and
love you hey hey oh my god
I'm home I'm home who is Louie he comes
home mom's home oh hi did you miss me
kind of just got home temporarily so now
I've got like half an hour to shower
re-pick we're driving to Auckland today
big day REE picked Lily wants to come
with me Chris is looking after you
your friend Chris Christopher in blind
they're gonna look after you and cuddle
you all night he's like okay but I still
love you please don't go this is from
vomit it's okay farmers at Beauty week
2016 is also this campaign for urban
decay ultraviolet age he's a little bit
of information feel free to pulls the
screen now well I should have primer
it's so cool she went back to the road
at the same time for young white men
we're driving around the area listening
to the race riots on the radio booklet
it's now 6 p.m. duck sorry about that so
we're in our room
don't Glen Crowne Plaza Hotel had a bit
of a mix-up they gave us the wrong room
at first but we've got there in the end
and I got really quickly because we were
going out for dinner with Ashe in about
20 minutes
Ashe and Tony have been friends with for
years you guys might have seen her in
some of my other vlogs she runs
Ashley Ellen eyelash extensions so yeah
and then put out there in a long time
like other they know their phone
messaging and stuff like that I haven't
seen her in ages because she had a baby
recently and stuff so I'm really excited
to see her and I'm really hungry as well
and I'm really exhausted as well because
today's been heaps and heaps of travel
we arrived like an hour and a half ago
so I just read braided my hair I was
gonna wear it down but it was all like
crimped so I couldn't so I'm stuck with
the braids again for one more day
Heineken car engine Bob I'm just waiting
for H now we're at the bottom of the
Crowne Plaza oh my that's really nice
have any of you guys been here before
this looks amazing attic cranberry
Mahiro something like this I'm gonna get
this
hey guys so we think at the hotel now
just go back from dinner hit a couple of
cocktails now we're getting good sleep
then tomorrow morning I haven't even
told you guys yet we're actually gonna
go cash shopping I think we're gonna go
make up our minds
tomorrow's the day we were going to make
up our mind not arrow no houses the next
month we're gonna make up their mind
hopefully we'll come away come away with
a car could be waking everything up I
hope no it's not that light is it don't
you like the living about it a little
bit more tomorrow
