you oughta tell over my better is dying
one moment what up I just got back from
the gym like hike you struggling to hold
up my camera right now because what do
we do it is like back and shoulders but
I don't know it's doing a workout with
like the weight we like go like that you
hold it up in the air and it's just
ripped my entire body and now my arms
roll like anyways there's an editing day
I've got lots of stuff to eat up any
open up a video today which I'll
probably ended up my I'm movin shaking
in my voice I probably ended up my
Saborio I did last week the top rated
Sephora pics see how the feedback goes
and then I might do the low rated stuff
well today's vlogging is going terrible
because both of my batteries are dead so
I'm just charging making eggs for lunch
it's gonna die but I'll show you the
finished product
all right so here's a before of my nose
this is two weeks I think actually just
over two weeks maybe I don't know okay I
went completely outside of my compass on
guys
whoo they're actually way more orangey
in real life they raged like they
definitely like a red but it's like an
orange base fruit
they look very rude in this lighting
cool
I still don't go something bright and
different snowball because I always seem
to get like paints and pistols and
things I did bright pink last week well
like two weeks ago so hey I'm sorry
heavy the dinner we end up being at
themes and pumpkin and some picture can
meat chicken not chicken stuff
yes
hey everyone so today we just arrived
you know what let me just drove up it
took so long because there was so much
traffic
I think it's guys like Stephen her six
or seven hours no I think it took us
over seven hours so anyway we had em
hang a rearing to go we're gonna go get
a drink get some dinner I'm staying at
the grand mercure I'm here with Hamish I
have to show you how cute this was so
they made me this I'm it's yes I stayed
here last time I came up with social
media would you guys may recognize the
room they're like oh my god and that's
not all oh there was this I started
eating it already from custom lane it's
lemon meringue doughnuts okay
I actually a huge fan of bloomerang like
don't know if you guys need that and
then this cake like I died look how
incredible that is and developer sticker
which me and Hamish will enjoy later or
tomorrow something I should probably put
it back in here I'm just so really
oh my god I'm just so amazed in like
that circle and we got something that
just for some drinks we're gonna go have
a drink next his my makeup we've already
destroyed the entire room bathroom is my
outfit of the night no wear a blazer as
well but this is wrong what why folks we
tape this top I mean this is blessings
and then there's new clothes I can't
remember where it's from it's just like
a little choker then my trusty Ruby
shoes heels
hamish and then a bitch in the best part
there is a partnership out this I got
really sick this week sorry because I'm
being sucked like when was that Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday and today it's right
at tonsillitis and it's like something
else there's something wrong strict
right that's it sounds are master mmm it
is so I said share no say if I come
tomorrow but I will say I'm kind of aim
to go now yeah you'll make yourself sick
again if you drink yeah I know
well we're gonna go now Ximena club yeah
it's a little hot ah which is good yeah
custom lane right outside frame the kill
like there's the hotel right there
and I think I like yours better than
mine
- got this one it looks like something I
would drink and then I got this one
we'll play something he would drink
Hamish got that laughs is it got st.
Germain elderflower it's got Gregor's or
obviously and then fish line and chilled
soda and must be the elderflower the
flavor it's really good and then what's
mine I might pull the backbone it's got
ice tea lemon cello and lemon juice
lemon and mint I'm losing my voice don't
know what so yeah we're gonna get
another couple and then hit over
somewhere for dinner as well
and the roof is amazing here we've got
the DJ plant I don't know they're
sitting up some kind of stand here for
the teller so we've got it's not Nutella
Nutella is almost and I don't we've got
two more graders vouchers so we're gonna
try but then what we're going to try and
that's what I'm here
and this one down here
give them a go and then we'll go get
some general later on but that what do
you think of this place it's really cool
the Lighting's so good you can't really
tell on camera but it's dark but light
so not too dark and not too light I
don't know perfect and you've got my
straight out there so you've got like a
nice breeze coming through here which is
you later
it's not too sweet like you think what I
say to be quiet
wait so I mean Shannon and I just flick
it out on this tastes like the kind of
taste like fruit drink they tell about
the cocktails there's not a lot yeah
shitty cocktail ahead of have it was 18
or 19 wasn't it and it would really like
this like and what are we getting now
what did the guy come over and offer us
right you're like yes I was like no and
you're like it I know you like them
though right
it's fun look so he's over there
making it now that was the stand looks
through the flesh we could always come
down here tomorrow night before ass what
flavor is caramel and the non or
anything finishes during its grand
meeting burst oh my god the string keeps
getting better in but I actually really
loved it
let's try this guy
what's wrong
no it's quite pretty
Oh
yeah you can't think you coming once I
don't vomit all over you later
it's actually like not bad for a cue
from a drink it's almost like an
alcoholic
fresh juice you know how you get like a
green juice it tastes like a green juice
but alcoholic yeah like is it banana
yeah told you I told you you wanted a
lighting goes from like good bad yet
terrible Oh bad okay good
what we're going into triangle you can
see behind me we're gonna try and go to
what school but I might country club I
reckon it'll probably be packed but
we're gonna try and go there cuz coli
one of my life is hell up you know pop
this in and around my mouth what that's
for why it's kind of when you got like
it's good when you got in here but you
don't sit on the end of someone yeah
what so whatever I just want my help you
know poppers I always get really nervous
when that elevator door opens I'm like
so now it's gonna be in here and I'm not
gonna walk into them or so we got some
prize and stuff I wanted help me you
don't have changed the menu up so
devastated I had it all planned I know
it's the reason they come here and
they're gone
John's not gonna be happy
the big picture
I'll try this is what's wrong with the
world as sides brussel sprouts are you
 me
it's a side sham would you want Brussels
sprouts sides Brussels sprouts like them
too late
I bought I'd say Caesar she was a good
try to him and they weren't good not
legit but that's the only bad thing
really on there
