good morning so today well it's clear
from German huh
I got some mail so I'll show you the
mail first then we have breakfast
Charlotte and then man hey Misha fill me
a video together people being requesting
us to film another video together I
noticed on my main channel so we're
doing it today and we've like kind of
created a tag so we're gonna do that
it's gonna be something along the lines
of the boyfriend makeup listen tag or
something I'm going to tell him exactly
what to do but I'm not out of like touch
my face or anything and like fix
anything
so I tell him exactly what stare and
then he's gonna like do my makeup as
good as he can so it's like the
boyfriend does my makeup except I am
gonna tell him what's going on I'm gonna
show him what to do and all that kind of
stuff and we see like how well he
doesn't smoke uh but it's kind of a test
for me as well to see how well I can
like explain how did you make up or
it'll be real interesting to see how it
comes out so I'm excited to do that
oh it's really hot today like a super
hot there's three packages the first one
here is from loving 10 this really looks
cute and I don't even know what it is
yet Shannon Happy Easter and you fluffy
applicator Mets have arrived just in
time wishing you a mesh Lou and Zeus
saving hefty happy Easter effort II okay
oh my gosh I'm just gonna assume that
this is a onesie deluxe applicator
minute I am freaking did I need to do a
photo with low in service look at this
what the heck this is the cutest thing
of my life
I'm so doing that later thank you so
much Lovington that's adorable
it's just something from trilogy the
everything bum my mum likes this
something from Estee Lauder
oh is it a concealer 2w light medium
warm double wear waterproof extreme
where I can tell I'm definitely gonna
try that I'm a bit of a concealer junkie
it's really weird
oh yeah a little Scratchy
why are you scratching me I've got I
just put it on my moisturizer you can
probably taste it it's like pink
lemonade a fiber stop a stop licking it
stop licking it this is a fruits me the
exfoliating at face mask by Oasis Beauty
this sounds amazing
I'm really gonna try this maybe I'll try
it later if I remember
oh ho beads very good for exfoliating I
think that cumin cumin powder like
counterweights the taste of the good
green stuff because I can never taste
anymore I kept saying add a little bit
more good green stuff each time try and
get myself up to one scoop which is one
prophecy you guys are getting a bit of a
sneak peak hey mister my makeup and I
did not help well I did help him tell
him what to do but I didn't do my makeup
like I didn't touch my face well do
anything will fix anything it's all
happy is a pic via the video is gonna be
so good I want to eat it like right now
but I can't really but I want to I've
got a whole lot of stuff to do I need a
blog to main channel videos and here
Peck I need to go viral chocolate and
stuff chocolate because I'm doing a club
in Christchurch tomorrow got a lot of
stuff to do look what Kelly just bought
over if you guys watch my ball the other
day I showed how she's started like a
food blog and Instagram and stuff I'll
put her link down below yeah I get to
try some it looked really pretty like
how you decorated it rice cream Lehman
key wafer is that the one with the green
tan yeah yeah little baby Jesus hey miss
just came into the kitchen looking in
the fridge found these are you gonna
travel
yeah if I go with you sure what what
don't you mind
okay I think this day is like coffee and
chocolate thermos or flavor or something
that is killer fruit and green tea I
forgot what she said that one is some
kind of berry you trot as well I will
try it
why'd you turn the screen around that's
good mm-hmm it was yesterday I like it
tastes just like the little bit one just
never wet at all yeah what's this hot
coffee and chocolate I know you don't
like much but just try it I know you
don't like coffee I mean what's it like
I could enough for a second bite yeah
not so strong you know how I
I don't like strong talk look yeah yeah
taste it thanks looks good yeah it's
real good it's not super strong it's not
real good oh that for rhogam tastes like
I just chopped it I mean
iced coffee you know how it's not strong
yep I think it's lemon in Barry she said
it's not for dogs sorry
Murphy's like a bloody king at home he
does once I get there I'm sorry look how
pretty she decorated it I just ruined
that you did I'm whole just table should
I take the babblin I'll just move it
Barry um
Oh link I don't know if Kelly's blog
post will be up for everything yet but
I'll link her blog down below and you
can just like follow it and I'll link
her Facebook and Instagram and she puts
up bitches once the recipes are on her
blog so if you want to try making it at
home am i knowing anyone yet look that's
not even that isn't terrible the worst
cut yes so like keep an eye out for the
recipes because like obviously she's
gonna have all of these recipes up oh my
gosh I that's my favorite so far the
chocolate about chocolate you want
coffee which is your favorite this one
in the chocolate probably the chocolate
which is weird your arm is so freaking
spray from a little bit it's so fresh
tasted with the lumen
that's and stuff it's all healthy
obviously no if you have everyday and
large doses or anything but for a
dessert it's healthy and nutritious
there's a bit of weight a nutritious
it's made out of proper food and instead
of like
sugar and lecture I just finished
editing it's 8:13 p.m. so that took ages
now I need to go to the supermarket and
get some New Zealand candy you lollies
and stuff for my collab tomorrow and
then I flap tomorrow morning so I also
need a pet tonight so it's been a pretty
hectic night it is a two beauty videos
one vlog and a bunch of thumbnails did
emails when I stood there heaps of stuff
so this is the makeup tag I made up me
an A Wish made up the boy free makeup
listen tag I don't know if that's what
the final name is gonna be I'm trying to
think if there's like a good enough name
if you've any suggestions let me know
but I think that's the most
straightforward like as to what it is
you know I'm teaching him how to do
makeup and he does it on me how low E
helps Hamish study that's enough
alright got a ton of stuff hey Lily
so I'm not sure she's trying to near
this stuff in Australia cuz some of its
like you know how you can't really tell
that's Australia or New Zealand just is
both I was so embarrassed at the
supermarket carrying around this basket
full of junk food and then when I was
going through the checkout that lady was
like I'm stocking up on trees I was like
yeah I don't know why I felt so
embarrassed I was like like just it was
so much of it and I saw the guy behind
me kind of judging me when I was putting
it all on the chick out his Cola light
so funny I'm excited for tomorrow I
walked off with my makeup apparently
what a day so it's now 9:20 haven't
eaten all day popped my smoothie and I
just hit a peanut slab which I oddly
like considering I don't really like
peanuts but so that was a full-on day I
haven't finished packing yet but I
packed clothes and while it is in
chocolate so you know anything else that
I'm going to be staying with pagan while
I'm down there anything else I need that
I may forget she will have her pack my
own underwear that's the most important
part and then tomorrow morning I'll pack
my toiletries and I'll pack my makeup as
I do my makeup and then hopefully all
kind of be packed for clintus well I
might just have to like swap out the
dirty clothes and my suitcase for some
like clean clothes least wipe out the
underwear and stuff like that and then
we got Oakland I forgot to tell you
we're going to Auckland as well oh yeah
I think we've got an Auckland until
Monday or Tuesday we don't know yet
I don't know what that feels like you
were broken a bone so I think now I'm
gonna find something to eat because
otherwise I will be absolutely starving
half way through the night and binge eat
something um I'm just gonna say
goodnight now cuz I'm absolutely
exhausted and I just feel like winding
down now
do you mind darling you can't put your
tongue inside my mouth it's gross I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog you're so
annoying
I hope you guys enjoyed today's look and
I'll talk to you tomorrow
I will be uploading while I'm in Christ
you sure don't know if I'll do them
every two days or every day I'll see how
much time I get to mark so I'll be like
filming and stuff and like hang out
painting Simon seen her in a while so
yeah
talk soon good morning everybody
I leave in an hour to go to the airport
and then in like another half an hour I
fly to Christchurch Amy's just made me
breakfast I'm still in a towel because
I've just done my makeup so once he
might have done so I have to redo it
later or do it later at all I need a
drama here I need to get dressed
I need to pack my camera and laptop and
all that can I stop so this is what a
mishmash for breakfast
yeah we just need well then it'd be like
way to crushed my eyelashes pulling off
cuz I'm taking it out while I was
reading in the plane which was stupid
you know just like Kate you're like it's
so gross but like you just start like
picking out things like when you'll like
clucks and trading or reading something
then you're like wait what am i doing
yeah they haven't I need to fix that now
which is annoying anyway
I'm with and we are just driving we're
gonna try and find like a souvenir store
for my little collab I've even told them
who it's with yet some people have put
two and two together like it's not a New
Zealander that I'm doing a collab with
you'll see her later in my book holy
 yeah just like ran in front of like
so many cos anyway so we're gonna try
and find like a really trashy souvenir
like hats that she has to wear
cuz I've bought heaps of New Zealand
candy as you know so I want to like
force it or wear it during the video and
I think it'd be really funny yeah I want
to find like the ugliest like souvenir
like hat that I can find cuz like this
kind of thing is not Kiwi at all like we
do not wear New Zealand like we don't I
take true no we're not patriotic at all
I think yeah yeah yeah
Oh Blake's and then it kind of stops
there like we do not really rip a
solitary ha muji compute to America yeah
we kind of like underdogs like that's
why apparently like directors of movies
always just mention New Zealand and
their little like scenes just randomly
yeah then that will instantly make every
single New Zealand to love that movie
because you okay someone mentioned ties
so yeah we're gonna go find something
really funny well hopefully we are we'll
see what we can find now need to go to a
dairy and just get a few more Ollie's
like it's gonna be choosing K bars and
like those cigarette Lee's try the mole
fists I think if I could Park in the
more anyway and I can what they might be
shots on the outside here but we can't
man hopefully no one recognizes me I
took a photo with a check of the airport
before I was like I'm sorry I'm not to
sleep she's like what time did you wake
up I was like I don't know like 5:30 and
she was like I woke up at 3:00 I was
like damn it so it will sit up and I'm
actually told anyone like this is the
thing is it a delay like I've heard you
say it the only guys by I don't know how
to it's like adilyn Edelin yeah okay
good we are about to film look at how
much she just fine this is too much like
everything like a little bit so painful
actually there's some gross stuff cuz I
thought I'd been adding some car stuff
just the size room I like to just sit in
the back I love oh yeah where is it oh
yes I just up there we were just filming
and there's a fire so hopefully it
doesn't come through us so this five is
now 22 8 holy crap I've been filming for
a while so we're now going to I don't
know there's something I'll take you
along how did it go well tasting candy
was not fun
slang I got like two points like we did
know and like absolute any idea yeah
we're talking about
we were just like cotton so I don't know
we're gonna be putting out those big
eyes but we shall forget it out later
make a few I love how excited you are
you're like oh my god hey guys I'm sorry
I would love very much today I was such
a full-on daylight between traveling
getting lollies and stuff preparing
filming we finished filming so late and
then we just like drive around
chattering it was so nice to mate
Edwin like we just got along really well
I thought she was so lovely like just
such a happy and bubbly and just happy
person which I love people ain't it it's
you guys know so yeah we just drove
around and got some food fuel and then
we dropped her off back at our hotel and
then hit it back here and here we are I
just took off my makeup brushed my teeth
got some water I'm not feeling the best
I feel like my glands are swollen nice
road saw I think from like the really
chilly plane plus working super hot
yesterday and super late and then having
your beds well doc beds they've had a
really good sleep but it was a very
short sleep like I couldn't get to sleep
for a long time and then I wake up
really you don't really travel and just
full-on fast-paced day like I think my
body is just like sleep I'm sure I'll
wake up tomorrow so fine but you know
how sometimes you just feel like
overworked but I'm like happy because we
just got like I feel like the videos
gonna be amazing so I don't know when
they'll be up but as they stood earlier
you guys will soon find out all you guys
know when I know as well yeah sleep now
yeah it's 10 to 11
no wonder I'm tired guys had a good day
and I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
and I'll talk to you tomorrow
