good morning we're back into routine
today oh my gosh I knew to rinse off my
fake tan look how dark I go anyway got
back from the gym it's teen to teen I'm
happy I finally felt like I wake up at
7:30 this morning which is why earlier
they never been waking up like recently
because of the whole the lack of bebop
sitting and just feeling like death
every single day so I woke up at 7:30
and I felt good I was like yes so got up
went to the gym went for about an hour
and 20 minutes or something a little bit
longer than normal today because I had
energy and it was great just did lots
and lots of Kali I did weigh monsters
they normally do like I was on fire it
was great and I was tweeting as I was
going about like this dream I had last
night which was super creepy and scary
it's not just like your regular
nightmare it's something completely nice
label which I'm gonna talk to you guys
about later on cuz I'm gonna have to sit
down for like half an hour and like tell
you guys all about it this blog might be
long because of that yeah I've got to do
some filming this moving fast
well I don't have to but I really feel
like so mean cuz I'm like hey JD I'll
talk to you about it this afternoon so
I'm gonna make a smoothie free this I
made a smoothie and so on I just have
not felt like smoothies lately
green smoothie it's delicious so I just
filmed a tutorial on this makeup look
and I also did a lip swatch video oh my
god the lipsticks is so beautiful I
can't wait for you guys to say it I
think it's gonna happen about two weeks
or so it's all nice mellow matte liquid
lipstick so it seemed days and holy
they're actually beautiful I don't I
tried on a few oh you guys have seen
them when i unbox them in my mail but
anyways yeah I did a lip swatch Miho
Neumann holy I've got no look long
now obviously I've got just a little
bomb on because I'm kind of dying let's
watch videos annihilate me but so with
it so this is the makeup look and I did
it with a really dive ampie lip I use
lip land what's it called 110 Nick
Montenegro Montenegro yeah I attempted
to do a Dutch braid thus I came out okay
at the front the side not so much that
you should see the back it's horrendous
like I could not braid to save a life
okay like I'm terrible at braiding like
I just don't know what to do if my
fingers I'm just like yeah it's not like
grabbing random sections I'm not
supposed to grab yet and it just turns
into a big bird's nest but at least it
looks okay from this side which is my
good side so I know my thumbnails I was
like I'm gonna go edit a vlog quickly
now and then I'll tell you about my
dream
we just get some meal we've just got
some mail we just got some air you
wonder who it's from I've got this
toilet Amazonian clay met pellet embrace
you and it tablet that's what that looks
like I thought the colours was super
beautiful just like really nice everyday
colours but still like a little bit of a
color theme happening no idea what's in
here bloomin marvellous
the boys shop you have a what does the
British rose globe body butter British
rose shower gel pretty little nail
polish a lip and cheek stain a mother
lip and cheese day chocolate and
knowledge leaking lick lick and cheek
stain you know what I'm trying to say
I'm a talk let's give it a sniff I don't
usually like hot out rose scented
products but I don't mind rose when it's
like balanced with other fragrances I
don't know what does that say just name
so this is quite nice because it's quite
fresh it's like a fresh rose it's not
just like hot out rose scented so even
if you don't like rose you should smell
it kind of it reminds me one of my black
Chanel perfumes and then the last
package was something from colourpop's
and you love you stick that's the colour
sorry it's not really focusing it's
called popping to met X formula kind of
looks like I've got a beard because like
this lower half of my face is in shadow
I promise I don't have a beard look I
just stole Hamish is the camera better
eat his mind I decide on Tosh now anyway
talking about my dream oh my god I hit
the worst dream of my entire life
I'm gonna read you the tweets I tweeted
because I just feel like it's
well-written and I feel like if I just
talk about it out of my ass I'm just
gonna screw it up and it's not amazing
so I'll talk actually I read this wait
and you know like kind of elaborate on
what happened it was so scary
so last night I had a creepy nightmare
prepare for an influx of tweets I want
to save you on his head similar dreams
or if anyone knows the meaning and feel
free to comment down below or like I'd
love to hear your experiences if anyone
else has experienced anything like this
by the way if you're easily spooked out
it's 2:00 a.m. we live right now maybe
you'll want to skip it I'm gonna put a
low timestamp down below to where I've
completely finished this conversation so
it was a nightmare but I don't remember
the beginning and I don't all I remember
is like it was really it's like oh cloud
in my head but I remember being with
friends and family I think I was with
Hamish at one point running around for
no reason at all um I don't really know
what the aim or like plot of my dream
was I think I was just one of those ran
and once we like
literally nothing was happening I was
just like talking to people and then it
turned into a nightmare at the end near
the end we were running around and
running away from bombs dropping from
planes I think I was somewhere in like
the middle east or something I've been
thinking about like the war and
everything going on right now like a lot
lately and I feel like maybe it popped
into my dream so it was that kind of
sitting seeing videos and movies and
bits and pieces so I feel like it was
that kind of thing it's really horrible
like super horrible so that was bad
enough I can't even imagine living there
for real
anyway it was like I could hear this
white noise sound as I looked up and I
saw a bomb coming straight towards me I
was standing in the street and they were
like collapsed cement buildings all
around like I was on the street there
were people running away and there was
just yet but it was plain and I could
see the bomb right and I saw it coming
straight towards me and it felt like it
was falling for like not that long maybe
like ten seconds it was so quick it what
just happened and I didn't even move I
just stood there and stared straight at
it because the noise is just so
deafening and you know normally and like
your dreams like you have conversations
with people everything but it seems to
be silent like you don't really hear
things in your dreams I swear I could
like hear this white noise like
screeching sound and if you don't know
why noise it's like that so it started
off with that white noise sound and you
know normally and dreams how when you're
about to die you wake up like you're
falling off a cliff you wake up right
before you hit the bottom or you're
falling over you wake up right before
you hit the ground like you know what I
mean never really die in your dreams
well that's not heaven um so I'm still
joking awake the bomb hit me I like
could this sounds so weird when I said
out loud like I obviously talked about
it with Hamish this morning and he just
looked at me like I was crazy I'm gonna
lie but like saying it to the camera
stuff makes me feel way more like crazy
um the bomb hit me I swear God I felt
myself die like I could feel it impact
on my body I don't know how to explain
but I felt numbness and pain and it's
why I heard
just like a screeching empty sound let
you know when your is ring and all you
can hear is this like you know that it
sound like I don't know how to describe
it but I felt like just this pressure on
my chest I felt like all my joints just
pulled apart like it hurt but it wasn't
like unbearable pain or anything it like
it definitely hurt me and I could like I
feel like I could feel it for real
but it wasn't like scruciating pain it
was kind of just like that happened I
don't know how to describe it it did
hurt but it wasn't like excruciating it
was so weird I felt like all this
numbness after like the initial impact
and then just like buzzing numbness and
like a lingering pain like it's so hard
to describe the feeling of it I felt
heavy like my body was like dead white
and then that's when I knew I was
dreaming I was like you know I don't
even know how to describe how I I just
knew I was awake I was lying there
indeed in my dream and I was like I am
dreaming but I cannot wake out like I
could not like I had no control
I couldn't move because I was dead like
I couldn't even move a single finger and
blink I just laid it like completely did
but in my mind I was awake I was like
I'm am I like actually did you know what
I mean I did not know I say my dear in
my life and I start doubting it was like
his my whole life just being a lie like
I never looked at myself in a mirror
during this dream as far as I can
remember like am I even who I think I am
right now like was that entire like a
lifetime where I was awake not really my
life like it was such a mindfuck like am
i living here in this environment and I
have just been hit by a bomb and died
like I did not understand and I could
not wake myself up in there my name is
tweet eventually and what felt like an
hour it was like I hold in my breath
ages I
in my bed like I don't even feel like I
was breathing that entire time I don't
know if I was holding my breath in my
sleep and that's why I woke up
eventually like it felt like I was lying
there for so long did in my dream just
did could not move could not twitch like
I you know sometimes how in dreams it
feels like how was it as analysis gone
by but really it's like a minute like I
swear it felt like for real like a
really long time so I cover my bead and
for a few moments I could not move again
like I was like okay I thank God I am
Alive I'm okay except did I realize like
I still can't move like I could not move
I could not move my fingers my toes like
I was breathing so I knew I was like I
could feel myself he'd be breathing and
like kind of making like this because I
was freaked out but I could not move
like I couldn't even like like I think I
I remember I think I had my eyes open
when I woke up I was up but I couldn't
like blinking a light it was chilly I
was frozen again I could not move I
couldn't see anything like it was stuck
in my room there's nothing there but I
just like could not move anyway
I like knew exactly what it just
happened like I was like I just time I
dream at this point I didn't wake up
hamish or anything like I actually
managed full asleep later on even though
I was like kind of terrified but I don't
wanna wake up Hamish I just feel like if
I talked about it at like 4:00 in the
morning it would make it way more scary
I was like it's fine nothing just
happened it's good sleep you know thank
thank goodness it didn't happen again
straight away and that was it I still
remember the feeling when it hit and
then I finally managed to roll into my
stomach
it was so trippy and so scary as soon as
I was able to move I just like light
went on my straightaway I don't know why
I just felt like that's what I needed to
do at the time and someone was like
someone tweeted me saying apparently if
you die in your dream you die in real
life I was like well apparently not and
then I said that's what I was thinking
when I was dead in a weird during my
dream I thought that I was dead and I
thought that it's just what happens when
you die you're just trapped in your last
moment aware of everything happening
around you like imagine that like when
you died you were just trapped and that
like moment for eternity like
and that's what started scaring me as
well and then people started saying how
it might be like sleep paralysis or
lucid dreaming I don't really know too
much about them but I have heard of them
and I did some research and like it kind
of sounds like what I had just I just
feel like people don't know we died
during it like themselves usually people
just kind of fly around and stuff but
who knows I could be wrong like let me
know if you guys have even hit it I did
some research like I searched on Google
like dying during a bomb dream and some
people said that they've died during
their dreams with a nuclear bomb I could
only find one person I think it was that
actually had died in state did during
the dream everyone asked kind of died as
soon as the bomb had kind of thing like
you know what you normally do like when
something is about to kill you in your
dream and you wake up instantly yeah I
know like why don't other people would
actually like died instead did so I
really want to look into that more like
it was absolutely scary someone sent me
something out of a book the heaven it
says and dreams bombs appearing suggests
that our emotions are likely to get the
better of us we may be in some kind of
explosive situation with which we need
to do a bomb actually exploding is
usually an unexpected event which is
weapons me dreaming of such an explosion
would suggest a fear of sudden death and
I mean I don't know how much I believe
in like the meanings behind dreams like
I'm always curious like I always
searched my dreams when I wake up but
the realist side of me kind of thinks
that you know usually anyone correlate
to the things that they say like Oh like
stressful time in life oh something's
gonna change you know it's just kind of
like normal life situations that you
just end up taking that idea of the
dream and like linking it to it just
because it makes sense to you um but
part of me thinks it's really
interesting like I guess that's just
like the realist side of me thinking
like no it's just you know your brain
playing tricks or device um this is the
part I was tweeting a thing there might
be a bit of a trigger warning now cuz
I'm gonna talk about this more so if
you're you know easily triggered
especially when it comes to talking
about death and everything and illness
then click the little time stamp down
below so basically it says like
a bomb actually exploding would suggest
a fear of sudden do know something I've
been thinking about so much lately
like I'm being like nagging hamish
because I hate to leave I've got like
this phobia or telephone if you didn't
know to get like health insurance and
stuff I'm terrified like so many people
I know friends of friends like extended
family members like have had these like
horrible illnesses I feel like they're
so common these days I'm like terrified
that Hamish or I I'm gonna get something
or like you know like I see so many
people getting hit by cars like over
summer people drowning people stuck in
house wise like I just see all this bad
news all the time especially on Facebook
like you scroll through Facebook and
it's just all this horrible horrible
like freak accidents like you never hear
of people just dying about age anymore
toys like murder horrific house accident
or character and all these horrible
illnesses in the world like like these
all these different things like be
waitin shop even in New Zealand which
used to be considered a very safe place
like it still is very least really
really safe compared to a lot about the
countries but like these crazy things
happening and I'm just so terrified that
something was gonna happen to me or
Hamish or like my really close family
like I literally worry about it and it's
unrealistic like that's the opposite of
being realist for me because what are
you gonna do about it if any of those
things happen what are you gonna do
about it you know you can't stop it you
don't plan for these things to happen so
maybe it has something to do with that
but then I think like why then dream I
dream really made me like like it almost
made me feel a little bit more calm
about everything like I've been thinking
about it all day and I'm just like I'm
not so scared about dying anymore like I
might I mean obviously everyone else
dying would make like it fit me way more
I'm gonna be dead so I'm not gonna care
if I'm dude do you know what I mean like
if it was Hamish or my mom or my dad or
anyone else like I would obviously think
that's horrible but it's made me at
least afraid myself of me dying this is
such a horrible thing to talk about but
do you know what I mean like it's kind
of bought me a little bit of peace a pot
the fact that I kind of get scared that
you get trapped in your last moment when
you die but I'm sure there's just
something my mind made up when I had
that creepy sleep whatever it was cold
like I don't know what my mind is doing
it's crazy like this entire thing is
just like a missive mine so yeah
that was my little story let me know if
you guys in the head anything like this
happen feel free to talk about lucid
dreaming versus sleep paralysis as well
I think would be interesting for people
to read about down below otherwise you
can google it if you want some more
information I've done a little bit of
googling I'm still a little bit confused
absolutely horrible experience but now
that I'm kind of over the initial shock
of it kind of cool as well I guess like
I dunno it's really like affected my
mind a lot like as I see it the whole
dying thing like it's really I don't
know it's changed my mindset a little
that I kind of hope it doesn't happen
again I don't want to die again
anyways I've got dinner tonight it's 5
o'clock now so we'll even about an hour
I'm just gonna start editing a video now
I really want to put away with my makeup
too but I should probably eat it first
ah what a night I finally get a good
night's sleep in Devon's hurry
whoo would be like sitting on the
southward time to go collect at dinner
pizza for days we had no idea what to
give I like my family and we for their
picture just is that hey I love you
where's your brother
hi looky you hello did you miss us
did you miss us oh my god chill Juliet
belly rub
have you been good
have you been good you playing dude so
this is where I got my grooming tools
from if you're wondering or groom
cotyledons it'll something like that
hanging puppy so this is the kiss I got
and andis 5-speed power broom apparently
it's really good for stuff in here and
poodle here and here that gets meted
sometimes those those dogs because he's
got that real thick poodle here also got
these which are magnetic combs hopefully
they work okay they got reviewed while I
guess though it's just like clip-on and
they're all different lengths for a
different you know whatever he might
impress a getting late now I'm kind of
tired it's half past 9:00 I forgot to
wear my Fitbit I'm really pissed I would
have hit 10,000 steps by now oh well
Peter what's these
he's like best mine good huh
we're gonna watch a little bit of TV now
and I'm gonna wash off my makeup and
yeah this will it hit me now so I'm
gonna take a night before I forget to
cuz I always forget the idea my vlogs
doing I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog whatever weird topic of the day the
whole dreaming thing told my aunt about
it to it she was like what hope you had
a really good day or have a really good
day and I'll talk to you tomorrow bye
