everyone so it is Monday morning 9:00
a.m. I've got something in my eye and it
sucks
Eilish so basically I didn't vlog
yesterday I just felt like having a day
off
I started at hang hungover in the
morning and then I don't know I just
kind of didn't really go on social media
didn't go on messenger I just kind of
tried to step back from everything and
just have a little bit of a day off and
it was really nice like I feel like I
need to do every once in a while from
now on like just give myself a day just
away from people vlogging you jus
comment social media you know I still
uploaded a picture on social media at
night but other than they're just like
completely stitched back and it was so
good Saturday night was amazing we all
caught up late with a bunch of our
friends it's all super intense in a
while it was great dinner was great went
to the fish afterwards for some
cocktails I kind of remember where I
stopped vlogging to be honest so we were
some cocktails and we came back to our
place and just hit some drinks played
some games just had a good chat it was
just really nice um so yeah their home
story got maybe 12 obviously the doctors
might I've been on the weekend and I'm
not paying like five million dollars to
go to the weekend doctor so hopefully we
can get in today tried to book an
appointment but the computers aren't
turned on yet cuz it's quite early
so hopefully later on today they've got
an appointment I haven't gone to the gym
again obviously like honestly I catch my
ass last time I just need to wait until
I feel better because otherwise it's
just not doing me much good it did give
me a little bit of an energy boost at
one point but now it's just like it just
makes me want to sleep all day so today
I'm having a bit of a chill day again
I'm just doing some editing today and
hot peeps of little jobs that I need to
do emails to make so beauty stuff I want
a little vlog and a couple of main
Channel videos for the rest of this week
because I got a crash page later this
week as well to do a collab which I
haven't really talked to you about yet
but I will talk to you about it a little
bit more so yeah that is the plan for
today
I just faked an - don't you hate it when
you fake tan and your machines like I'm
using a different brand mat and it just
 all I've made suck all these
little black Tufts of hair stuck to my
skin it's so annoying I got some
packages this my as well like so early
so just woke me up it
almost really 6 a.m. they okay all right
starter this was in the first package
something from Urban Decay so this is
the Urban Decay its ex-vice limited
reloaded appellate 20 years in the
making so I think it's for their 20-year
anniversary suggested retail price $58
exclusively from Ulta or online at also
common in urban decay calm look wins it
out does it say when it's up I know
looking I just put the fake tan on
you cannot lick me no does anyone else's
dogs love the taste of fit tan makes it
difficult no no he was real naughty
before he knows and now he's gonna suck
up to me I told him often he gave me the
most adorable puppy eyes it pissed me
off I was like stomach I try to tell you
off if you don't ask and see their
release date then you're much better
than me because I can't see the real
estate who this box is so pretty like it
cheers to 20 years alright so in this
little box here with some jewelry hold
on hello it's Nikolas and like what is
this don't tell my mother
I don't know and then this is the Urban
Decay packaging man that feels cool I
like it and here are the colors and the
vice palette they've got some greens
pinks purples neutrals and gold a couple
of Blues really nice marine color and a
couple of met highlight colors couple
met neutrals no idea what's in here so
it's going to be bring me see-oh
color pop I think this is the new brow
product I've seen people posting them on
Instagram okay
is there anything else to you serious I
can feel things but I can't see them
chocolate so these are the new brow
color is and brow pencils I've seen
people comparing the brow pencils and
stuff to the anastasi bit lejos ones and
saying that they'll weigh schiappa
like the color pop ones away sharper
more precise alright so here's the
packaging for the brow color which i
guess is like a pomade so I'm so sad try
them it's a bunch o of different I'm
still getting a break now a bunch of
different colors and then these
little pencils I really like the way
that packaged day is like with the
little color swatch down the back nest
belief which beliefs are essential so
yeah excited to try those things fell
apart and thanks Urban Decay whoa Decker
he Hamish was very intrigued and the
last things that arrived the pins I
brought that I told you about so how you
managed and I wanted to cry out which
one is it
this one we're at knit types or you can
like drawing stuff hopefully it works
Hamish actually has some work to do on a
site today which is very fancy so he's
officer and so when he tries it the
first time I'll show you hopefully
ladies day or tomorrow or something but
I'm gonna rushing it's like a
highlighter so you highlight the words
and it goes to a computer and then this
one you type I mean right and it
recognizes your handwriting diagrams
stuff like that so super exciting all
right my camera is blinking at me
because I forgot to charge it yesterday
because I wasn't using my camera so I'm
gonna charge it go do some editing and
work and I'll come back later on see in
a bit so I've been editing all morning
I've almost finished my third Beauty
video and I'm gonna talk for when I get
back but got an appointment now to get
my blood blood tears know what does it
be 12:00 sharp let me get some food
first Hamish is taking me
was i bright Spanish okay and I started
getting like it but I think of the
benefits say my nurse told me I'm she's
like you're supposed to have one in
December no wonder you feel so awful I
was like oh that will make a lot of
sense so she's like you have to be back
in three months and she gave me a date
to come back and get my next one cuz she
said that's why I would have been
feeling really really lightheaded and
tired and does it hopalong all the time
got that done and now we're gonna go
home ham sandwich dude I'm gonna eat it
and yeah my day I'm hoping to get the
rest of this video me to sing now down
and a blog done so I can start filming
my makeup collection like just even film
a few draws and then I can kind of like
piece together the footage when I get
time to do the rest of it look at all
the shoes you have why so many sneakers
you don't wear sneakers why do you need
those ah he's so soft and fluffy from
this shower I mean take out 22 Saturday
I bought so some proper Clippers today I
had no idea how much proper like
grooming Clippers were four hundred
dollars later like they were cheaper
ones but I searched reviews on like the
best one for poodles in particular and I
was like 300 and something and I bought
the Clipper like you know link things
holy
but it should last for years and years
and years and years and years so it's
worth it but man what a cost are you
telling he was just rolling on the toy
like rolling on his back on the toy
you pulled it out
are you doing he's enjoying the Sun hey
look at those Billy whites no no I think
this goes in the bin now I'm sorry
ha think here I'm gonna narc no no no no
you can hit this one deal I feel so bad
but I know he will eat it so once I my
series he's got his chance my eco lucky
ok
that pose though how is it delicious
I love how he has to sit to be able to
reach the ground like he used to likes
play a sleaze
it's hilarious because he can't bend
down far enough without like fall Diaz
legs up you little Italian Greyhound
look at this
well this spam Facebook freaking sucks
I feel like this movie spam and then
nice like IQ spam and then like pulling
 I'm like Furcal
I literally bloke so maybe where
everyday like where's my blog list
people banned from page it goes on for
freaking days look what arrived now I
need to make them up they don't look
pretty big hopefully they're as big as
I'm it should yeah sometimes you meet of
stuff and then screw it up well I do
that a lot
hi okay yeah little daughters he's like
no do not touch my nose my nose
don't touch the nose never too good for
a belly rub is this little Fiat sausage
so Hamish got his PIN and he's been
trying to try it out but it keeps like
not every time but sometimes it crashes
so he's emailed the team hopefully
they'll get back to us and tell us why
oh let's see if you can just keep doing
it real quick so I'm gonna try like scan
yeah so over a useful starting point for
looking it and then I start on the next
one
so cool that there didn't work me at
well though I think you can only to
really do it one line at a time
yeah so you have to can you like just
hold the pin down and like not click
twice do you know me
like just keep going over I suppose they
wouldn't work so there goes one line
yeah then it's still and then to look at
how much faster that is then you
highlight again retyping it that's
pretty accurate though when it does work
yeah that's ok just yeah that didn't
work with word that keeps crashing say
yeah and I was crashing with the notepad
to before all words if I tried that
somewhere just crashes yeah but that's
on a Mac and why not happen on pacer
well hopefully they email you back soon
and tell you why it shouldn't be
happening though because it's like all
up-to-date and everything that's brain
here yeah well let you guys know if they
help us figure out what's wrong with it
but even just like when it does work
that's so cool once it works perfectly
it'll save you heaps of time yeah there
it goes
and then I just like copy it from here
and paste it in there ya know it's
terrible but so well you just want it
yeah you just want to work it says it's
gonna work here yeah yeah even so such a
cool invention like with whoa that good
on ya it's good it's good
so I'm gonna move some of the stuff and
attempt to build a shelf I might not be
able to do it by myself I'm gonna give
it a go because Hamish is busy studying
and then if I can't over myself I'll
just ask him to help me when he's free
another day what do you think
one done so I think I was like thinking
about sticking them but I've definitely
got to put the other one too here
because this shelf is gonna go and then
this marathon I want to do with you but
I'm gonna put these like over here
somewhere I think see how there's one my
fingers they absolutely like torn like
look at that you can tell I don't do
this kind of activity very often
finished the second one my fingers are
all bricked up like terribly I haven't
started bleeding
voila I felt like that : looks so beer
now so there's now 819 hey Mitch made me
dinner stir-fry came on rice brown rice
boiled baby hey looks very smug he's got
this little like smirk on his face like
look what we finally found it countdown
time my favorite oh it's stuck so we
just the time it is half past
eleven so we're gonna go to sleep now
we've just been watching the killing
rips the third that's done yeah it's
pretty good it's 20 degrees right now 20
degrees 11:30 in high yes awesome okay
I'll talk to you guys tomorrow
