so I imitated two thumbnails for Friday
wait today's video in Monday's video and
it is a new vlog as well to win one one
because I was feeling really really
tired yesterday so I couldn't get it
well yeah pretty much couldn't eat it to
be honest I was so exhausted I can even
like concentrate so that's up now new
video goes up in 30 minutes I'm gonna go
organize a few more lipsticks I've got
my doctor's appointment in half an hour
wait an hour something came up and I
couldn't go to my doctor's appointment
so I have to rebook hopefully they'll
have a spot on Monday um but it's too
late to ring out it's like 5 o'clock now
uh-oh 6:30 Thank You Lee I've just been
relaxing and reorganizing I actually
finally finished reorganizing my
lipsticks and I also did my mascara
which was also a mere so I'm down to
like the easy part
like just reorganizing a couple of
powders and never just go like walk down
the beach tops and I'm ready to go so
I've got all of these these are kinda
like my more high-end ones for the most
part a few others as well and then and
here these are mostly high-end over the
side and then these are like a mixture
as well and then in here is mostly
drugstore with a few high-end ones
popped in like there's some benefit ones
and you know but yeah most of these a
drugstore I'm so happy and then that
bottom drawer is the lip glosses that I
showed you yesterday and then I
organized my mascaras brow products and
lip balms and primers and eyeliners and
stuff as well ah
so here's heaps of stuff that kind of
gotta find another home for slash get
rid of depending on what the product is
some of its old some of that I don't
like some of it just needs to go into
the storage over there and once I get it
which it has been shipped so yeah
hopefully it arrives tomorrow morning or
something I can make them up on the
weekend
yeah now I've just got to do because I
already the other day just my
foundations and primers and got rid of
foundations I wasn't using but how many
concealers I have it's so stupid
so now I'm going to just make sure
everything in all these drawers is all
done in these ones I'm not really happy
with how they look but I'll figure it
out I think we're gonna catch up with my
mom and go oh I'll take you along hi I'm
so bummed like I really just wanted to
get this done before the weekend so
they'll hopefully by like Saturday
Sunday I would have hit like some EOG
but no this is so cold I just realized I
leave my camera at home so I'm using my
iPhone
we're on our way there now it is 25
Subin look how nice and sunny of this -
I love daylight savings a games
but you log off when you into the
dentist yep got something from linden
leaves the Surat this afternoon
hi Shannon we hope you've been hearing a
great year so far lens and leaves do you
mind
one of our brilliant brands is an
ethical Kiwi company that creates policy
naturally effective body and skin care
we have I make a river go turning face
and body mist body wash body oil what is
this our hand creams and a body lotion a
gold shimmer mousse this is the gold
body lotion actually gold no no boys
dries it can you hold it don't waste
razor on my camera yeah
can you see how it's gold right that's
right
that Porsches back I can he piss off
what's he doing being annoying like gold
that's just Rick shimmer is duct tape
yeah that is it's a ridiculous Porsche
the smell so good Pina Colada Engram
your affair with Hitler
my soaking mm-hmm don't even think you
don't get up on DHN not a sulking you're
gone you're lucky most people wouldn't
beat you there you go he's asleep for
the night you guys enjoyed today's well
I have no idea what our plans are for
this weekend but we'll find something
fun to do have a good day no I'm saying
goodbye good morning well it is Saturday
morning and we woke up late I slipped in
and it was amazing and I just finish our
and gave the dogs a shower as well not
quite sure what we're doing today so
we'll just play it by ear we don't shave
any plans so we don't really know what
we feel like doing I blow dried my hair
I want to show you guys how long my hair
is now it's like super long
this is such an awkward angle but look
at that that's all mine I've seen people
saying why do you think so long people
like sheer and extensions you can tell
when I'm wearing my extensions because
my hair comes down to like my hips I'm
quite proud getting nice and long I got
this necklace off once it by the way if
anyone's wondering ah sorry we're gonna
go to the animates and get some dog
shampoo because we ran out I don't know
what we're doing I don't know if we're
gonna get something to eat I have no
idea that I'll take you along I won't
forget my camera this time when I blow
his favorite toys it used to have like a
rope on it but he ruins them every time
he still finds away don't you
you can see so you can't play with this
toy he doesn't know how deal I just so
soft and gave him a brush before got out
all of his nuts
I need a buy em some proper poodle
clippers it's some stage though why
we're getting some organizers for my new
drawers
hopefully they fit well I'm pretty sure
they will yeah they've got heaps of good
stuff now I feel like they're copying
came out like it's very similar styled
stuff like all the Middle's and things
who have come to Joe's garage for lunch
branch you excited to eat mushroom
burger I'm not quitting
my image got what the mushroom burger to
people overseas
yeah that's what I am saying this is
just like I don't think it's a sex
matter to that I mean look at the
ingredients it's all sugar
yeah what is tomato sauce it's an icon
what are you talking with your mouth
full
yup we got them a marble blanket from
the warehouse
look I call that is look serious like
are you in a blankie
go join your blankie so you may have
seen the picture with Louie but open the
but this oh it was like the squirrel one
they also pulled out the squeaker and
pulled off its tails so we've got them a
new one and this as well cut a treat if
I don't care about the toy right now is
destroying that treat finish it oh my
god just saw that last bit he's like I
want that do we really need away he's so
happy
look this is what's left of this other
one this one probably needs to go in the
bin but I feel too bad look the ripped
off the ears an Asian is he's missing a
league yeah this is your old baby isn't
it yes where we are
wait green so now we're doing a little
group trip to wabi-sabi B Y or it's
enough give some drinks into nests or
just gonna slip on to make it real quick
I've got 15 minutes
so I just did my makeup my camera kind
of cut off halfway but here's how it
looks
thinking of adding a darker gloss I
don't know but yeah I'm wearing it the
romantic lashes like so beauty there's
some pretty all of these ones and my
outfit I'll show you next sick and I'm
just going to put on my shoes oh hey I
love you too yeah make it looks like
such a weird shape from this your skin
look so perfect next time I get away
from me cuz it's makeup no shirt do you
want some makeup I can make I don't
unique stuff please oh my gosh I'm so
jealous give it to me can I have a chin
thank you
he loves it yay
Phan is makeup all behind me but I'm
just wearing this dress I got from
lessons when I was in Oakland laughs
then oh snap these are from questions as
well just the shoes I always wait I've
got no effect hang on I just duck and up
my lipstick a little bit this is the
secret combination who got a new blanket
you got a new blanket did you it's comfy
a got the a he's like get off my blanket
this is my blanket
mr. strong
