good morning we are off to Wellington
it's really early it's like 20 past
seven what was postally five minutes ago
so hopefully we don't run into too much
terrific because otherwise we might be a
little bit late she'll be okay look at
that
since you say I live in 12 it is
currently 750 105 thousand years good
screenshots the what summer essentials
because I feel like wearing a little bit
of makeup tinted moisturizer brow stuff
mascara concealer and no lipstick
lipstick so we have arrived in
Wellington now we're going to go find a
bathroom then go find the place where
we've got to go and then we're just
going to look at you sir I'm going to go
from the side now so I'll just do my
thing okay yeah sure just a little class
one so you've got a very beautiful face
is universitatis and a cute major-label
angle Carmindy your plane is more sorry
that's really good as well and just
smile from your face okay and it's
acceptable opera in size and exactly
where I want it to be all right and just
relaxed you look at you with your
glasses
shanon's now gonna get an x-ray for a
tea
you ready yeah gonna say bald mud soaked
in auntie Lisa and I just water see ya
good that's all
back straight it's good so weird looks
like you're about to eat a brain skin
you're not riding it too hard it's
really weird how hards too hot do I make
you panic
revolving
Sharon's just getting the smile maker
put a new mouth that's really cool no I
think does that I'm getting a shot of
this after the smile maker not a laugh
maker okay and bite together
perfect oh you look beautiful
oh she's kids you take one is it
Shannon's just getting some impressions
done there the child trace is it itchy
nasty so is this what you make that out
of just this stuff here yes I mean yeah
yes that's right and then put it in the
trash I had it's an amalgam loves it and
within a couple minutes
there are almost wrecked me it looks
like banana flavor yeah that's right so
no this is a shaver yeah as wide as you
can thank you okay so that's just gonna
sit there for about 30 so one to perfect
thank you very much
is it this one was that your bottom too
that's her bottom and I will enter the
top one top one doesn't always look so
pretty
it doesn't really taste like anything
good enough I'm gonna get another
manufacturer so much fun to take you
know loyalty
okay so that's your top so we can see
this is a mirror image so this is on the
right and this is on the left-hand side
okay we can tell that there is a truth
missing and because of that the truth is
rotated just because my eye looks yeah
that space so you can see something's
not quite right here yeah it's not
straight but everything else is pretty
good
hear you're pretty good your teeth are
pretty well aligned than the top it's
really the puck the lower that's the
problem isn't it
so let's have a look at your lower teeth
we can see where the crowding is you've
got this sound those those two teeth
really now and that's the bit that's
bottom so we're going to try to fix that
and then there's some minor rotations as
well so I had it everything go good she
was really nice oh yes
it's a place we come to what was your
name Sierra tank
kidding things that I wasn't on
something we're here for lunch it's a
little close that's an early lunch but
we're just grabbing it you're fine put
in the bacon oh my no I haven't closed
we're just having an early lunch because
always by the time we get to Palmer to
be late and we haven't eaten today yet
wish me luck looks good it looks really
good make sure you agree to nothing no
you can have some I'm not gonna eat it
all
it looks like a nice bigger look at it
how are the chips they do charitable
good we got a bit of mayo memory cards
for days just a few
I got a microphones try out my videos so
I knows the sounds really shitty quality
sometimes I would have got my aircon on
and stuff all right I just had my new
video go up so it's almost three o'clock
now I'm going to open the rest of the
mail something from Drake oh look how
cute these are and a little baby patron
so cute expert talents in betrayal can
you ham it just kidding
um so they sent me these it cover up
things look how cool that is
I hope it wears I'm so going to try this
because my roots are saying to grow out
it's called the blonde shot either what
not doesn't tend to shot a blonde I
don't know how I screwed that up that
should be interesting only use on dry
hair this what's the super cool alert I
like it and it's in a later space of you
so much better my lipstick
once it see me some stuff because I
freaking always love this stuff don't I
always buy stuff from them look how nice
this is oh my gosh I love it I like that
wet black bus and in a queer wild
frangipani diffuser
I've used a diffuser in a while I
usually like them it smells quite good
in there I am so excited for this this
is a shack teammate I think that's how
you say it
here's the website down the bottom if
you want to read some information about
it basically it's meant to help butts I
don't even know how to describe hold on
that'll describe it a lot
than me eager but I really wanted to
select the back and neck pain from like
slouching and editing at the computer
all day and stress and stuff supposed to
relax your muscles so it just sounds
amazing like provides a deeper sleep I'm
so excited to try this my try it later
tonight next is something from well made
of tomorrow oh snap
sorry that toilet wasn't in focus look
at that packaging where am i through the
new e so beauty packaging kind of so
pretty I was like why is this so light
but the ego oh my gosh hay fever
so I guess you put them in there whoa
what are you doing rude rude so there is
bonbon bundt cake is that how you
pronounce it I'm Marshall Kenny licorice
and lemon lime coconut this is the
Bourbon one smells incredible kind of
reminds me of sticky date pudding and
then number two candied licorice smells
like licorice smells like licorice
allsorts like sweet licorice kind of
soda if I like it or not it's not yeah
but it's just a friend and then lemon
lime and coconut mmm there's sort of
fresh so it smells like Fiji
like it smells like the smell of Fiji
when you're like got coconut oil
sunscreen tanning lotion stuff on so
good those two are my favorites that
one's still good it's just different
because I'm not a big Blue Crush man but
it still smells nice like it smells like
a bag of licorice allsorts like not
full-on licorice but a little bit high
what do you want
Ximena Cod oh it's weird he doesn't
usually like being picked up I think he
can smell the candles and he thinks this
food up here and I think that's what's
happening do you think there's food
because there isn't you got Punk'd by
the way guys um my snapchat name is it's
a shared with three A's I think I've got
it listed in the down bar down below
booyah so I'm going to try lying on my
little met that I got so LOI
you'll hurt yourself if you kill Matt so
read the little pamphlet and it says
that for the first few users you might
experience discomfort while you get used
to the little spiky bits but then
eventually it
changes sensation or something so I'm
gonna give it a go anyway I probably
won't allowing it for the full 20
minutes for the first time I'll just try
it out for a few minutes and see how it
goes yeah it feels quite spiky it's
really bizarre excuse me excuse me
he's very intrude and I don't think
you're supposed to wear clothing well
the chicken the pamphlet is just kind of
wearing like a towel over roots but I
don't know I'm just gonna wet my
clothing it's a lot of love I don't
can't you you're gonna have to take him
because I can't lie down on it when he's
jumping at me ah I don't want to ruin
this talk wait let me get changed into
something I don't care about where I've
got my random house dress on it's not
bad you're not supposed to put your
actual hit on it just your neck and
shoulders and stuff you can use that on
different parts of it there doesn't hurt
at all I mean like there's like little
bits that a little bit spiky but it's
not bad like I thought it was gonna hurt
but it doesn't yeah well I guess I won't
necessarily it is actually relaxing
already I just like lying on the ground
full stop like this nothing about lying
on the ground that I love it actually
did a tweet today I was like whenever I
favorite stressed and stuff I like to
just lie on the carpet through it makes
me feel so much more calm I feel like I
need to try it without clothes yeah I
just looked into it and you are supposed
to do it without a shirt on so my shirt
is coming off I feel like this is gonna
okay well kind of feels warm this is a
really weird angle Michael squashed I
feel really warm can you see how worried
I am I quite enjoy it like it does hurt
at first but no no it is relaxing I have
to keep trying it out and see like how I
feel after a few times not just one time
everyone's the man has just got back
from the gym I'm super tired
my friggin energy sucks at the moment
fell asleep last night midway through a
movie caught us at in today was my edit
and got an L appointment later get my
nails done and yeah I really have any
other plans apart from that I just need
to do some editing I've got so many
videos um that'll open you know waiting
to be edited so it's the mission for
today have some cereal breakfast I also
got a package here its package from
lookbook love's yay
having these two for breakfast today
breakfast I have my brother chopping up
banana today oh my gosh I 100% should
not have gone to the gym I literally did
like 50 minutes on the cross train and I
was too tired but I didn't want to just
like go home because Hamish was working
out so I just like walked on the
treadmill and like didn't even go there
fast I wasn't even like working out
properly I've stolen fat-burning zone
but I cannot wait for tomorrow my
injection is tomorrow and I hope it
works I've lots of fake tan on sir I am
going to have a bath I'm gonna put this
in the bath moisturizing lemon and
sandalwood bath melt that will leave me
smooth as smells it's so legit it smells
amazing the hottest bath and shower of
life a shower after it's because I
scrubbed off all of my this is so gross
all of my dead skin off my legs so tired
to me and how much should I go walk the
dogs quite clear just around the block
or something get some fresh air I need
at it and I just cannot function like
it's gotten so bad today and I don't
know why sorry if you look at me saying
I'm tired but that's just how I feel
Susan go for a walk some too tired
Hamish is offer the groceries right now
to get me some food I'm supposed uh how
many times invested tide in the
three-year sofa probably don't yell next
I'll be embarrassed almost have no
energy to vlog I'm trying to regain some
energy so I can drive to my nail
appointment in an hour and a bit we just
had an earthquake so that woke me up a
little bit so lying on the couch and it
like fall on Joel to me off the couch
Alex sprinted to the mother Rome called
Louie Louie just got stood there
freaking out so came sprinting in
cuddled straight up to me he was scared
poor little thing but I'm so happy that
he ran straight to me so that was like
you know if it was worse and it got
worse like at least I know he would come
to me
Louie however was just kind of freaking
out so Hamish isn't here either
I hate it when there's an earthquake in
his not home cuz like I don't know I
just feel really freaked out luckily it
wasn't a bad one though but still it's
still scary you just never know when
they're gonna like get worse or if
they're going to stop or you know what I
mean
all right I'm off to get my nails done
now so here's my before figure out quite
nicely
there's no staining or anything no
chipping the acrylics still looks really
good
hey baby I love you
he's been hanging around ever since the
earthquake there are a couple more
packages hmm
exciting and something from I don't know
somewhere in Auckland it's his dangerous
goods on it so let's hello we'll do the
dangerous goods one first totally ripped
off the box and anticipation Oh deal
poison go perfume I guess here is the
pricing is what the bottle looks like
and no it's not a toy
and it is not food so I can eat it oh
it's nice it's very sexy smelling I
don't really know what the notes are
Claire is so sweet here are some more
Jeffery stars leader shades also Sabra
also so you're broke your brow is no
still nice oh my gosh like luminizing
collection by the balm Steve I will
start from makeup in ZBrush the link is
down the Dumbo go check it out overnight
New Zealand shipping of the beige nude
Beauty Blender highlighting palette base
sleek oh this is the one I wanted drag
lord by Geoffrey star mistletoe doll
parts and Breakfast at Tiffany's
oh my gosh I really wanted this one oh
my gosh and the lip scrub and then
what's this in the bottom of your hand
Greatest Hits Volume one cool it comes
with like face and eye products eyebrow
is did I show you many nails
well bigger I can't move if I showed you
this packaging though I just dropped the
brush on the kind of fell up look how
pretty well I love it then here's all
the lip products and that set palette
what's that ah lip glosses or something
and then
luminize it this one is the mijita lip
scrub smells like my heroes and I love
it I love my heroes as you guys know I
love mint I had to taste it
soft he's gone to golf game bed of
course I'm not going to go because I'm
not feeling well I was just thinking
every time I lie down on the ground
Louie annoys the out of me now I
love him but laughs did I lie on the
ground and do instagrams and stuff
because it relaxes me I just find lying
on the ground so great so if I lie on my
stomach he'll like come in and we may
and if I don't pay him any attention he
will flop over on his back you'll see
hopefully hopefully he does it while the
camera is filming I'm gonna try I'm just
gonna ignore him right now this is what
you asked for as he stands and then
pushes himself under my neck
this is what I have to deal with he just
flops over five he's getting shitty yep
there he goes lying on his back why are
you so pathetic can you tell me that
yeah
I've been seeing so many like random
people commish like you can tell she
loves Louie way more I'm like no I love
both of my dogs equally for different
reasons Lou is the more outgoing one
he's needy and he hangs out with me all
the time that's why he seems to be on
camera more often because he's always
there I do love him a lot but I also
love my Zeus obviously I hate when
people say stuff like that I would you
got to a human be like oh you totally
love Sara more than Julie don't you no
you would not
I think it's rude so I was in the
bathroom just here as peeing with the
door bangs image isn't harm so I was
just sitting over here and I hear this
chichi shank and then I see a dog trot
trot trot trot trot very fast and very
sneakily and very success is a
suspiciously passed with this hanging
out of his mouth the sound would have
sounded something like this in fact
that's exactly what it sounded like
finally got one draw how I want it look
at trippy that looks I feel like the lip
gloss was always too ugly they always
look so like mushy colored whereas
lipsticks because you know usually you
don't actually see the colors they look
all nice and like you know what I mean
he's still the different colors I just
don't like it even though it's handy but
you know what I'm saying now I've got a
pile of stuff that I'm gonna put in my
shelves that I ordered the other day for
over here and get rid of this time I'm
going to get rid of but a lot of them I
am keeping I just like don't use these
ones it's often like I've got a bunch of
next ones Mac ones just hit some random
brands like some Asian like Korean
brands and stuff like that but I tried
to put in everything that I use more
often in here plus stuff that I want to
use more than in here because then I'll
reach for it and often do you not I mean
yep sweet
look how good oh my brushes look to her
ah clean almost finished with this draw
OCC lip tar only here creamy ellipses
I've got to find homes for all of these
in this next wrap and I've got just a
whole mixture of different lipsticks
through here alright I got halfway
through the third lipstick draw and I'm
exhausted and hungry
it's 254 so almost quarter sir Sir sir
Chloe sir hmm are you cleaver look at
that but look at the Wiggy but got that
Glen blow oily mud mask thing on
squeezed it instant regret about oh that
is freaking here you so can't tell how
big it is it's like a good like through
for cinemas long so Hamish is currently
getting rid of that spider I hope you
guys enjoyed today's in your sales log
what's a movie Messer I'll talk to you
very soon bye bye guys
