hey everyone so it is Tuesday morning
now we just got back from the gym it's
20 past 10:00 still lots of cardio today
my high is feeling really weird right
now I think I need changed my contact
today I'm going to have some cereal for
breakfast because I feel like cereal and
then I'm going to go have a shower and
then I'm gonna film a couple of videos I
really want to try out the mini mu a
pellet by makeup geek so I might do like
a tutorial using that and then I might
do like a lip swatch video or something
else I'm not quite sure yet I'll get a
vlog and then hopefully later on I'll
get time to organize my makeup and stuff
because I didn't get time yesterday
maybe even do some like tidying up and
everything so it's the plan to say
hopefully I can get a bit done so I have
a mixture of the little bit granola this
is the macadamia berries one my favorite
I mean some of the superfood crunch best
series again it can watch here a month
and brown rice and half a banana as well
I usually have like half a banana with
my cereal when they just ate the race
later on as a snack
breakfast is sift I just have it with
the almond milk I always have the
unswayed one I think Sweden Diamond milk
is revolting so I just filmed a makeup
tutorial on this look here using that
many anyway makeup geek palette I go so
Confucious thing just super vampy and
then halfway through my filming mom
called me and asked if I'd like to go
out to lunch with her she wants to chat
about some stuff so we're gonna go do
that now it's 1 o'clock so I'm hitting
over to pick her up and then we're gonna
go somewhere and then I come back and
I'm gonna eat it and then hopefully do
some math later I can't stop staring at
my makeup in the river Zoomer
picking out my mama I think I forgot my
wallet so looks like it's her shop
breakfast lunch mum got healthy swimmin
yes I'm home
so the headline she was really young and
dropped mum off because she's got an
appointment somewhere and now I'm going
to edit the description for tomorrow's
video because I have an appointment in
Wellington in the morning so I should be
back by lunchtime bit worst-case
scenario for whatever reason I'm just
going it at my videos so that I can go
up it too and there's no problems late
with the description box and everything
pretty uploaded I've just got it at the
description and mean oh it have look and
then go do some cleaning up stuff oh my
gosh of those so many mouse I just like
clicked on it I'll call 822 do do you
know something that grinds my kids is
when people say my brushes I just
ji-suk brushes they handle G cypresses
brushes I don't even think jeez nut
brushes it was a stood when I created my
brains like what is it three years ago
four years ago they're different
I've even got friends that have both and
they're different okay especially the
new ones that I made in an Italian
factory now just pisses me off like oh
people just like think I'm this awful
horrible evil person I'm sorry but I'm
really not so I just uploaded a little
video I made a little video like a mini
video of my brush cleaning video I'll
show you so here it is on my Instagram
let me know if you guys like these
little mini videos I like them I made
one for my um like one of my recent
makeup tutorials as well so I organized
Wednesday's videos that's scheduled
ready to go and now I'm just editing my
day 222 vlog can you believe I've done
222 daily vlogs isn't that crazy
it's so many I finally figured out how
to get the Face Swap snapchat filter
where is it
Oh mega it wouldn't worry about one try
again I hid away too much fun with this
ah I skipped the one look at that look
at that
by the way it's someone to see how many
views I get I usually get about a
hundred and five hundred ten hundred
fifteen thousand tweeting on the day
obviously views the time is it full
fifty three right now it's at five
o'clock sir that's how many peas I've
got so far but yeah sometimes like the
screen show lets get out of control if I
post are like really ugly photo of
myself you guys love it don't know why
but you do I'm like this is blackmail
it's so weird how many people are in
snapchat I might look at that like two
minutes one point seven thousand people
have seen it it's crazy so you say
there's a very big beard hello
alright so I'm on the purse yes all the
purses in the process of ordering some
shops for my PT room cuz I'm gonna get
rid of that led a shop just putting some
like shelving draw things instead
because I've got so much stuff that I
just sneak most babe hey my she's just
gone to play some golf
it's 5:30 so he's gone out with Chris
and John I was gonna go I'm too tired
like I'll just end up walking around
like a zombie again people have been
like leaving me suggestions about like
my diet and everything for the twelve
which I really appreciate it like thank
you but my diet isn't like what's wrong
the b12 like when I used to eat mate and
a lot of mate
I was extremely deficient in b12 as well
so it's not because I don't eat meat
trust me
also I actually just don't absorb it
that's why it doesn't really matter what
I eat like it's just not gonna happen I
don't take supplements i spirulina
supplements in between the injections to
kind of try and help but it doesn't do
very much but the spirulina is still
really good for me for iron and
everything I have to get the injections
because it's the only way I can absorb
the b12 properly does run in my family
I've done some research and like it can
be hereditary so that's probably what it
is because it runs in my family my mum's
got it and you know what can you do I'm
just doing what I can so there you go so
now I'm gonna start putting away some of
this clothing I've got clothes all over
the floor that I need to put away so
yeah that's the job for now and I'm
probably gonna lie down a beard and
chill for the night something sorted I'm
gonna make it like stir fry or something
like that but I don't know yet
I'll make it just before how much gets
back you'll probably be like another
maybe hour and a half for solar maybe
even two hours so have dinner like 6:30
7:00 or something wasn't I seen my mum
for lunch I don't really usually see her
that often during the weeks and stuff so
it was good I'm so tired
I do feel a little bit better today
yesterday computer like the end of last
weekend on the weekend I think it's
because they eat so sized
like when I exercise it definitely does
give me a lot more energy throughout the
day that's why I love it so much makes
me feel so good but obviously no it's
kind of wearing off because it's 5:30 at
night I'm so full from lunch table like
I was just thinking about cooking there
I'm like oh my god I cut bitty anymore
like I'm still full friend last night
that was for long it was so good I can't
like - a bit there pulled off my false
eyelashes by the way I ended up loving
my makeup today I wasn't sure about it
at first but I do like it
until a little before and after so
here's the before all right I put away
all my stuff in here and the ground is
clean and I vacuumed you can open some
Kobach's mail later button yay my name
is just has a few things to put away and
then we'll probably make the bed or
something later all right here's what's
for dinner
I'm gonna use this whole bag what I use
creations Vietnamese just like frozen
veggies we got some broccoli snap peas
at butter beans green beans red peppers
baby corn rice and quinoa I'm gonna try
the Thai coconut Chilean lime and some
cashew nuts as well in there
dinner is served so this one's for
Hamish his super grand she is the rest
of the cashew nuts because it was like
an awkward amount left in the bag so
there you go
YUM someone sent me these face masks
smoker box and I'm gonna do one who's
the Innisfree canola honey hydrogel mask
currently watching better call Saul hey
mister look a tongue look at the tail
which is surreal clucking jealousy good
day very cool so if so is such a
cliffhanger leap of faith
so Hamish I are gonna go to sleep now I
put it early morning tomorrow I'm gonna
get up at like 7:00 and he hit two
Wellington for my appointment toad
remark bye
