good morning it's Monday man Hamish just
got back from the gym if you couldn't
tell I need to wash my hair say story
bed it's so sweetie
today I'm going to eat it I need to edit
the description for today's video
today's videos the favourites video so
go check it out puberty is already would
be out by the time you see this blog
below and I'm gonna do some editing in a
vlog in a couple of beauty videos for
the rest of this week all means I've got
an appointment to get my teeth looked at
but Invisalign names not giving an
earlier appointment and what I told you
guys about I think I told you guys about
this did I I'm sure I did yeah they did
I pay me a cancellation on something so
they emailed me and asked if I wanted I
was like yes hell yeah so yeah I'm
really excited out there I'll vlog a
little bit some pieces maybe I also need
to get a b12 shot that's made of taste
mom because she's got to get one at the
same time cuz we're both gonna hit them
and suppose it's probably like
hereditary you know like passed down
from her so thanks mum see I've got to
do that this week as well I think I got
miss coming to our house to do a
gardening because we psychic gardening
we've tried we fail we're terrible at it
I'm not gonna live so we've hired a
gardener to come in and pull out all
about weeds and like trim everything and
you know do that kind of stuff so
whatever day he comes I won't be able to
film so no idea what day I'm gonna film
this week I'll have to figure it out
also this morning I bought him a seed
gave just like this really cool like a
cert on Facebook it was like going on
Facebook and it's like a king which you
highlight with like it's like a
highlighter except it scans every single
word and transfers it wirelessly or
whatever it does straight to the
computer because how much is staying up
studying again from today it's this best
day best day so yeah I thought it would
be really cool for him so when it
arrives we'll have to try it out and see
if it works on camera I think it's like
such a good idea because what he does is
he does lots of highlighting and reading
and everything and then used to like
type out into the computer for later on
we studying like at the end of year will
during exams or during assignments or
whatever it is so he thought it was a
really cool idea as well I was like I
keep it a surprise and like just give it
to him
you know once it arrived but I was just
like I reload to tell you about it cuz
it's really cool but I told him anything
physical idea so hopefully he likes it
hopefully it works it's like really
trippy I don't know sometimes I doubt
technology but geez so much you can do
it that these days it's crazy
woo you know what that means yeah free
money
and some his delicious I could have
actually put more good green stuff I can
taste a little I am clean I'm just
sitting down to get it I already
scheduled today's video to go up so all
the description box and links and
everything are done now put on an
Eisenberg mask
got my hair gel on by the way thank you
to everyone who's been sending me links
to the Eisenberg mask I'm gonna go
through them today and figure out where
to buy it from but so many of you guys
have like see me links so thank you so
much for your help I really appreciate
it
so yeah now I'm gonna eat a couple of
videos hopefully I can get about two or
three done and then maybe this afternoon
I'll start organizing those the lip
glosses and lipsticks and everything and
get those sorted so I can start filming
my makeup collection it's such a big job
like you would think you know it'd just
be easy but the right I get st. makeup
and my makeup and everything it's just
like it's never organized how I want it
to be because such as kids coming it's
so overwhelming it's like it's so hard
to keep my collection all organized all
the time I almost need to learn just to
like sit in my room all day and just sit
there real nice for me if so beauty is
still pumping out orders we're going as
fast as we can we've hired some more
staff and everything but what is going
on here it's a little bit of a process
but yeah they are coming out people have
started receiving their orders which is
really fun please send me photos of your
stuff on Instagram just hashtag EXO
Beauty because I'm gonna start reposting
with people as well
I just reposted someone today how
amazing to those brushes look I love it
this is the person's
Instagram copper and coal go check it
out I love this picture it's so nice and
so like chic looking like ah stop it
fades I love it got myself a little
loose tea it's like a detox to you've
mixed with some green tea I thought I
would show this to you I just rinsed it
off my face mask so that's why my skin's
a little bit pinkish but remember how I
got this in the mail I got another one
in the mail I think it was 11 to 1 or
something from Emory but this is the one
I've been using when I got it in the
mail I mentioned how I really like um
the lotion because it's super
brightening so I thought I would show
you it quickly because I completely
forgot to show you so now so it's by
pixie it's called the glow ssin glow
shine lotion danger brightening lotion I
think this is perfect for those of you
who don't wear makeup every day but
still want a break
complexion like like maybe you feel skin
is looking a little bit dull this is so
nice so here is my skin before when you
pump it out it's kind of got like an
iridescent glow to it like I don't know
if you can see that it's got like the
tiniest little shimmer particles in it
and it kind of glows a little bit pinky
lavender which pinky lemons our colors
are really good to brighten the
complexion as well lots of companies do
live into college
primers by the way this isn't sponsored
because I know someone will try to call
me up it's actually a good moisturizer
as well like it actually does hydrate my
skin well alright so my forehead - don't
mind my rudeness and everything my skin
goes resistant as I touch it my promise
Rises and stuff but can you say that
color Angie you will see my skin again a
couple of valleys um because obviously
I'm vlogging you can see how it looks
after a few hours - but it really does
make my skin look so nice I like it
here's a little sneak peak I haven't
shown this to anyone yet like on social
media or anything so you guys the fist
to see this isn't the final the colors a
little bit different and I think I'm
also gonna add a little silver room
around the logo but here's kind of what
the packaging is gonna be looking like
it's really metallic it's kinda hard to
see on camera but the dots are now like
super metallic and the sides got the
website and I've changed out the little
that description and then we'll have
like little stickers of the style these
ones here the one to last if you're
wondering yeah I really like how they
coming out so far I designed that myself
as well but I reckon oh look even better
once I get the pink right it's a little
bit softer pink kind of like my New York
hair like a little bit of a lighter
paint with the silver so I can't wait to
show you don't mind the show up here
Louie got ahold of it and I just put it
there so he couldn't get it all so he
got a hold of all of them here's the old
packaging that I've designed a couple
years ago when we first Lord shall I
should see how this one is not metallic
or anything so I really like their
metallic touch hey what are you doing
really being hey where've you been
have you been sitting outside on your
couch yes
oh you're so warm you're so warm
someone's in a playful mood look at that
Oh hmm that's what I thought
that's what I thought to do me yeah come
on
ha like no he's my other little prince
hello
look at you you uh he's been so cute
lately I don't know what's gotten into
him I actually kind of have been
thinking about it maybe he's just
getting a little bit more used to the
camera he's not as shy and for another
cameras used to be used to hate it
he used to run away from it but now he
kind of just you know accepts it accepts
it as a part of his life and love year
look at those ears and you get the tail
so I just blow dried my hair but just to
kind of help dry it off and I've got
some glam ball on the kids that mask I
did early that I can do bunch of row out
willies like you know the hub it's a you
know the hard bits of pimples like the
core bits they're like pulled them out
and I just like pop them out and not
with God so I've just put on like some
glam glow just to really dry out the
area and get rid of any excess oils and
stuff cause they're a little bit oily so
she caught that on my skin feels it
bloody good hopefully you can say like
the glowy finish of my skin now with
that moisturize that anyways I'm gonna
have some lunch now I might just have
everything on toast
standard predictable just how I like it
so here's my lunch I did a ton of onion
because I'm like craving onion for some
reason which is a really really weird
craving in my epic ah dough is not ripe
enough so I just made dope it was a
mission to friggin sprayed it's gonna be
kind of hard but hopefully it doesn't
date a bit
I'm just watching this Tanya burr video
while I eat yay so I just finished
either saying to main Channel videos a
lot swatch video and curios my video and
a vlog some all up today with my vlogs
now yeah so that's really good I'll
start doing single days again I
apologize if they're not as long because
I'm not combining days I don't know I
guess it's just nice some days they'll
be longest some days they'll be shorter
and then if I am busy or if I don't feel
like uploading a vlog bed day I'll just
do the same thing I'll just combine them
into a couple of days so hopefully we'll
be on track now for a little bit until I
travel again probably about hopefully I
can't upload well on the way depends on
the situation obviously I have no idea
what's happening yet I'm even told you
about what this trip is for and where
does that even know I'll tell you closer
to the time it's all booked and all
ready to go though so I'm really excited
so I don't know what to do now it's 5 to
live in I might just do I don't know all
right
no I don't know he's going for a walk is
a you hey look at that smile
need a smile on that face
they're a lot more tired now just add
some motioning and how much your class
smoother so now we're gonna go out for
dinner I'm gonna try you'd our again and
then we're gonna go the movies tonight
to see the what's the movie called the
30-hour it's got a couple of acres off
from the office USA so it should be
interesting to see how they act in a
really serious movie
climate change is real it is happening
right now it's a most urgent threat
facing our entire species here we go
let's hope there's a table we got the
last table
omnomnom how good does that look me and
Hamish got these mocktails a really good
Hamish got this yellow cone it's so good
like really good
I got ped type bitches holy this is
back did not expect it claims are food
so we just got out of the movie the 13th
or is it I thought it was real good it
was very full on in a very long movie
and don't watch should have get hired
because like you have to pay me Jim but
it was really good what do you think it
was real good yeah I reckon it's
different low with a watch if you like
all kind of movies like action movies
suspenseful movie you'll like it
it was really good I liked a lot
definitely go watch it
there's my Lily serious oh hello hello
why are you biting me
hi you happy to see me drink come to bed
come on let's go come on is that not
stuff here you ditched me those things
that's playtime is there you've got
there huh look at these toys look at
them all I think there are many more
spoiled dogs than these two in the world
huh Jenny come to beat come on let's go
come on come on Lily you gonna sleep out
here with that us and the code all alone
okay bye
good night see it's murder bye
oh hello hmm I knew you weren't gonna
stay out there who say what do you mean
I totally would have put in some eye
drops
hence the watery eyes hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and man the puppies
are going to sleep now I had a really
good day today feel accomplished a
couple of videos done a vlog done some
other little bits and pieces emails
exude beauty stuff the love stuff done
and I am so freaking full from dinner
holy crap holy absolutely stuff I think
tomorrow I needed to have
I'm coda me hope because we've just been
terrible lately hey Misha supposed to be
here to say which as you know is very
overwhelming so I want to see out of the
house and do something nice the movie
was so good you guys should definitely
go see it I really liked it yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed today's look and also
tomorrow they buy
