good morning again no gym today he's
making a cup of tea my brush is just
launched one minute ago it's 10:00 a.m.
we put them up a couple of minutes bill
they just made sure there were no issues
I'm panicking a lot taker other junk say
to do some more work on the website this
morning just to make sure everything
would run smoothly so fingers crossed
I've done everything okay um I'm really
nervous I would not stay right now I
just talked to in a bit when I'm
actually doing something interesting
because ya know this okay everything so
fires all birds live in 30 and I've just
done some more work and some emails and
stuff I really just want to go have a
shower I might put up a vlog and then
it's the description of my new video
that's going out today my brush cleaning
video there's so many more exciting
things coming up Oh guys like if this is
not it I have literally been working so
hard like on these brushes for like the
last year and a half but like I've been
working on some other stuff like I even
know how long three years now it's
exhausting very exciting and I just
cannot wait to share everything with
you're like I don't think I'll ever be
done sharing things with you because I
just always want to be creating things
and like doing things I'm so proud of
everything so far so stoked and we're
working on the new leash packaging at
the moment I don't know if you guys saw
like I put it in a couple of the
background of my vlogs by accident but
uh the colors weren't right so we're
just altering the colors and the design
is hogging a bit and then that's done as
well it's really pretty packaging it's
like polka dots and pink and silver
metallic and like a recycled finish as
well like it's really really nice
packaging we're ready joining the pretty
ties here ties packaging I'm gonna do
some new colors in a bit but it's not
like high up on my priority list right
now because I like the colors way over
the moon but eventually I want to do
some new ones
what else am i doing secret stuff April
I think it is isn't it my BH Cosmetics
palette comes out my brain is mush right
now I've got so much on my mind surprise
my head hasn't blown up
I'm glad hairs in there that's the mail
alright let's see what's inside the stop
line is from Gerard cosmetics they're
little things here to new globe patters
cry for me it completely exploded
this one's Sophia it's really pretty
this one here is Dorothy mousse I have
no idea what's in here will you love
your nails
looks like a cuticle pusher or something
named lastly Macs and dentists so I
believe this is the Flamingo pot stuff
this is the sweet tooth sample this
lipstick is be silly beautiful color and
this is a beauty powder in the shade
sunny surprise it's a really soft pink
like peachy pink they mexic pose into
lipsticks and then this is the hot
contour eyes for you then the two
lipsticks are in dangerously reads
Darling Clementine and that's how
everything looks this lipstick here is
good in your life like this is the most
stunning orangey red color reminds me of
the ys l the orange it's the pretty
well he's been sitting like this for a
good five minutes why are you sitting
like that
hey just chillin just chillin look who
it is
what's up we're a golf club we're at the
golf club chin and not a golf club de
golf class we've heard I was laying on
the couch before eating chocolate
mommy's like what are you doing
I loved it when you said to someone you
like what are you doing which is that so
we're going to play golf today
Johnny yesterday absolutely thrashed me
at golf in the afternoon we went out
like 5 and yeah on pathways he was
laying on the green and I was like
bunkers usually it's the other way
around so I'm gonna try and redeem
myself today yeah yeah and I think
tomorrow tomorrow we might hit the
driving range in the morning then go for
18 as well and Dean we got dinner what
about tomorrow night dinner with your
grandparents hopefully yeah cuz it's my
name is big day tomorrow
did you tell people how you launched
with your brushes oh yeah good just
being very overwhelmed we've got a lot
of orders and why a lot of orders I mean
too many
yeah Hamish it shooting did some help
today yeah like there's not enough time
to hire more staff and like train them
like the holy way should we have
actually just hired someone gonna train
them up next week but yeah it's just
crazy like be excreted a lot this is
like astronomical for us it's like five
times as much as anything would give a
head it's crazy like it's so good to
support you guys doing good
kidding coming through hopefully relax
new brushes yeah Eric and they will
I love them I'm trying to not to doubt
myself anymore because I keep saying I'm
like I feel like no one else will like
like them as much me like you know
highlight it's just like too good to be
true and you kind of think that
something bad has to happen normally no
it's fine I'll be good I love them and
other people will love them too and
that's what can I sell this day and
she's like I like they have nothing good
did you tell around how you designed all
the new logos and stuff yeah on Facebook
and Instagram yeah took ages Anna's fill
the pages up so that's that that's what
we were playing golf over there I'm
Skippy gonna hit him I don't know where
where he's like she belongs good morning
guys again that's a good speak in my
class I just had a really chill night we
just stayed in laying it and bed and
watch too lots of TV we were just
watching like the comedy channel or
something all night and then just fell
asleep so no today I think we're going
golf game and I think we are going to
the driving range first or something and
then going out to golf my skin is like
freaking out so much hormonal acne
happening really sucks
plus I'm not eating very well
well I'm black too big like this oh no I
love it
is it supernatural oh my god we just
finished five hours 14 minutes
wait is that 514 okay my time has
stopped I don't know how long it took
okay so it took about four hours yeah
now we're gonna go home grab a car and
go to my Nana's house for her birthday
for dinner and I don't know what we're
gonna do tonight but we'll figure it out
later my name in green Dan gave me this
card mm-hmm say green dude 10 ready yep
yep yeah look at Ninian Green Day's
beachy got him put all that silver babe
look at look at that frigging Silva is
huge
Master Gardener look all the I'm
Tomatoes
they're dual babies is this rhubarb I
think there's rubub looks like it my
green it is so good at gardening I am
not the one sold everything what who's
that what - did one yeah Oh
hey guys sorry I didn't get my vlog is
today my camera died if they just play
games the last time so nothing too
interesting that you missed out on I
showed a little bit of it we went to bid
you know a couple eighteenth is when I
slipped and I felt so good now I'm gonna
make a Sephora order because there's so
many things that you guys keep
requesting me to buy but not request me
to buy but requesting like first
impressions and stuff so I need to go
and get some other things so I can
actually do the videos for you guys I
saw today again cuz I stayed up till it
was my context on we're off to golf
again but these have been my favorite
golf shoes
yep sole Nikes it's so flat like so
comfortable to walk on they're good cuz
they don't damage the green golf they
cute looking look at them so yeah we're
gonna go play golf again it's a really
hot hot nice day so we thought we'd
better take advantage of the nice
sunshine hey guys I had to get the boys
to drop me home after nine holes I'm so
exhausted
do you guys remember the forgot my beige
whole shoulder I wish the doctors my
dress b12 shot was lying on the same
couch I'm just so confused was so tired
like oh my gosh I'm so tired I think
it's time for another bait twelve short
official can I taste my mom soon a skit
a book it in Phineas tweet because I
could not even function like my eyes
have been blurry for the last four or
five days and I've just not known why I
must just be tired I don't know I think
my eyes have been so blurry because well
yeah because I'm tired because of very
I'm so exhausted
like proper and barely stay away and I
slipped into like 10:30 it is now 3:30
and I am exhausted
it sucks yeah I just couldn't no
understand why I only paid like three
holes ago because I was too tired to hit
the hole and walk around and I was just
walking around like a zombie this angle
is not very flattering but I'm just I
just starting again
I can't people the movie I don't know
what we gonna do tonight
food hangout I haven't finished my
Sephora audio so I think I'll do that
quickly now and then I might have a net
I'm in a no-bullshit mood so when I'm
somewhere my comments was like stop
playing golf and do something
interesting like show us something
interesting I was just like um I'm
pretty sure I'm living my life for me I
just happen to be vlogging it because
some people like to watch it if you
don't like to watch it like seriously
just don't even watch them
I'm all for constructive criticism when
it comes to my beauty videos because
their beauty videos and their creative
this here is my life and I'm not going
to live my life for other people okay
like my life is my life and I do what I
enjoy and there's that so when it comes
to the contents of my vlogs I'm sorry
but you get what you get and then the
nicest way possible if you really don't
enjoy them like you really do not have
to watch them like I do these for the
people that enjoy them it's just that
simple
well so this is what I bought from
Sephora so I got the Burberry
highlighter and soft radiance powder um
a couple of them Make Up For Ever HD
stick foundations for a first impression
because people wanted to see that a
shade of the matte Jake is remarkable
foundation because people want to see
that in a fusion person as well some
lighter custom cover drops a darker
shade of the koujun doe at quad
foundation which I love but my shades a
little bit lighter I got the urban decay
peach character because people wanted to
see what that was like so I loved the
normal concealer shading my eye palette
by Kat Von D naked flash palette and
streak I didn't even know that hit other
shades so I got that one it's like a
peachy color and then the rest is just a
bunch of Kat Von D everlasting liquid
lipsticks I'll definitely do it part to
swatch video as well because my last one
only had like nine shades so I bought
another like I think twelve shades or
something like that
so we're going to go 2 UDR for dinner
that's why this idea where we normally
go just there so they're gonna go to eat
up we used to go all the time probably
like a year ago before I used to vlog
it's really good but we've been been in
a while so hopefully it's still good or
not it was absolutely pitched there was
not one free table
so we'll try that another day is so busy
I'm really gonna go though I don't
really know what we feel like we guys
tie ol kid onstage hopefully it's good I
think we came here once yeah we did come
here once
it was really pretty inside so hopefully
it's good again
I'm gonna get this stuffed mushrooms and
spring rolls his maddening vegetables
and then Hamish got the yellow curry
maybe got get it get it
show me show me how you can rip it up
yeah you go dog you are the rudest dog
in the whole world
you're so lucky azusa's - yo how do you
think you are
Lilly and me are gonna sleep now hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog talk to
you tomorrow bye
