good Mike had a really good workout
again today just more cardio didn't our
on the cross trainer on the hiking
thingy on really hard resistance and
like win as fast as I could for most of
the time but in so many steps and just
feel really good yesterday when I went
and got mums I'm rebel sport voucher I
got these socks and I was like dying
inside because it's so expensive they're
like forty dollars of here I'll show you
them in a second because I was
recommended I think some of you guys did
as well but one of my friends said it
too now I need to go get like the proper
like this special socks to kind of
protect your feet when you're running
walking doing cardio or that kind of
stuff because as you guys know my fate
is so prone to blisters I've got
seriously sensitive feet like I get
blisters all the time and I have ever
since I was a little little girl like my
feet I just stop your pain in the ass so
yeah I always get blisters and then
sometimes they get like all nasty and
fifth date if I'm not careful like it's
just a big pain in the ass so it's
really not ideal when I like to do a lot
of walking and exercise and stuff and
sometimes I forget to put on plasters
and then every time I wear a new pair of
shoes they just completely destroy my
feet so anyways I thought I'd try out
these socks like literally wanted to
punch myself in the face because of how
expensive they were I was like these are
so it's like I usually buy like three
four five dollars that came out so it's
kind of like forty dollars and I won't
turn or print styles and then some other
ones but I'm wearing some today and they
are incredible like this pair anyway so
I'm wearing it this pit today I think
again though we're about forty dollars
but see this bit here it's like super
thick like this entire bit here and that
there is real thick and I usually get
blisters here and then also down here on
my foot in kind of in here so this is
really thick it's like boy this is like
Petitte and then there's also like
pitting on like at the bottom as well so
like you don't get real sore feet and
which I do get really sore feet on the
crow trainers - so here's those ones
thirty-six dollars 90
so far like I've already notice the
difference they didn't rub at all like
at all and they don't make my feet too
haughty that was worried because they
quite thick I was like I'm gonna
get real like hot sweaty feet but there
really aren't they like fine oh now I'm
confused because Hamish
took wait now I'm wearing these ones
these are the ones I'm wearing today
this one says sorry I'm confused cuz
Hamish talked with the taste-off my
socks and then I got these ones these
are these ones here which I haven't
tried yet but these ones feel like even
thicker I'll try those tomorrow we'll
see how those going off let you guys
know but just for reference and
tomorrow's vlog that's what these ones I
reckon these ones will be even better
for like hitting like sulfate and stuff
and I can all wear these when I have
like hot out blisters like if I do get
blisters when I'm wearing like a new
pair of heels or something
Eric and these ones would be really good
to like wear while I'm recovering not
that I should really do exercise when
I've got blisters anyway and then I also
got these ones these are two peers and
they're a bit cheaper but still not the
cheapest $20 so 10 bucks up here I
notice that I try them it's like a cheap
option hopefully they'll just be good to
wear with my shoes that don't give me
blisters as often but they're still like
fitter than just my thin cotton socks
because again I've got a little bit of a
thicker kind of bit we get blisters and
like this thick black panel so yeah
hopefully they're good but yeah I just
spent like a million dollars on socks so
goodbye future goodbye
Range Rover savings goodbye house
savings I'm just kidding
I just little chip in case any of you
guys have the same problem is me with
blisters
also I got a package from loving ten so
let's have a look and see what's inside
dancing more of what you love Shannon
yay that's me introducing on you 200 mil
Express bottles food oh my gosh since
when was there a medium to Eric's brace
I actually find the dock two hours bris
10 a little bit darker than the original
Lovington formula for some reason I'm a
it just goes dhaka
like it develops way taka and sometimes
it gets like incredibly dark especially
we didn't like at the moment I kind of
have a little bit of an itch retaining
going on so obviously the tannic on top
goes even darker so I'm excited to try
out the medium and see what that looks
like that would be like a really pretty
color I reckon so yeah did differently a
lot bigger than the other one the other
ones are like don't like there they
still last ages yum-yum-yum-yum-yum
can I eat it all right now it's shot
quick I feel like it's justified
I went to it corn at you at you know
yeah buggy you're so weird
you're so cute look at you look at your
is little lobster toy by the way he's
obsessed with it
oh so is he hi hi hi
I reckon this will taste really bad
because of the good green stuff but we
will see it's thick oh I can taste the
good green stuff but it actually tastes
Pleasant maybe it's cause I mixed up
with that goji berry powder I don't even
know what that go-to powder
actually tastes like alone because I've
been hit alone but combination of
flavors is good I guess the vanilla is
in here as well though so that helps to
make it more subtle but it's definitely
better than normal
maybe I actually am getting used to good
green stuff Chikara so today's plans I'm
going to edit this money got to beauty
videos I want to get done and then I've
got a vlog well I want to get a vlog or
innocent as well and then I think this
afternoon after John and Chris finish
work we might go out and have a round of
golf okay
I love playing golf like I can't believe
I like golf like I had always wanted to
try it cuz I'm like giving stuff a go
and I like the thought of it being
obviously like just with close friends
like I get real like nervous playing
sports against like strangers
I just love walking and yeah I like that
part of it but I actually enjoy playing
and getting involved like I'm shocked
let me know if any of you guys play golf
I'm really not good but I'm slowly
improving like hey man everyone said I'm
slowly improving I'm definitely getting
better at driving
um like taking my first hit off the tee
with the lik driver thing I want to go
to the driving range and actually
practice off the ground and I want to
practice doing a full swing like both of
my next goals not sure when we don't do
that but at the moment I'm happy just
smacking around and walking around and
enjoying the fresh air and Sun so I've
edited one video half with your another
video haven't done a vlog yet it's 1:00
p.m. no almost 2 p.m. I will so clean
some brushes and filmed approve video
now I'm gonna make some airborne toast
because I want it
lunch was young and um by the way my
camera got fixed they didn't end up
giving me a new one they just replaced
like the lens or something on my own I
don't really know they did they fixed it
though so I'm really happy it took so
long though that hats done now so I'm
starved and now Hamish can have his
camera back I felt bad for stealing his
will he offered it but you know sorry I
just finished editing a blog now 242
might hit it one more flock and then
edit some more of my beauty video I
guess because I've still got so much to
do so so so much
oh my new video went out today as well
what's your Dillon says my video they
went up today I really liked this video
put in so much everyone so much effort
into this one I tried to edit it real
good and stuff so hopefully people like
it so became truck or golf course and
turns out it's busy as heck like I think
it must be a tournament on like but the
car park is literally full like we
cannot play its business house tonight
awesome what does that mean business how
think it just it looks like well that
Gobekli our owns Turkish Delight and
I've seen it okay so it's it just like a
big business get to get there or
something
that's crazy let's forget it hey it's
Chris just gonna do some driving because
we come Kelly is being doing like
recipes and stuff on a blog if you want
to go check it out holy this looks
so good
she was like Shannon I think you need to
try this and I was like Halle I do
marketing pumpkin burgers with patron
fitted dressing dressing with Luther
totally started just there
look I got their legs yeah
after making for us one day it looks
real easy she might but yeah it's called
fun oh yeah she's good at photography
yeah just in case you wanted some good
healthy food recipes but still young
bitch over juice you're gonna get this
without you hi you happy to see me
hello hey guys so today it's 9:30 I wake
up at 8 I've just been working on the
exo beauty website we launched tomorrow
at 10:00 a.m. and I was gonna go to the
gym this morning but honestly last night
I didn't get to sleep until like 2:30
a.m. I went to be at like 10:30 and I
just could not sleep because I was so
stressed I was like how much work do I
have to do and I was just panicking I
should have really gone to the gym this
morning because going to the gym
actually relaxes me and makes me feel
less stressed but I'm just doing some of
the products online and I think it's
gonna be fine like it's gonna be fine
it's just like the thought of it so
overwhelming and I'm so nervous it's
like as I was talking about that bitch
because minutes felt like I I love it
but there's also that like creepy
feeling there's scary feeling that other
people hate it or you know whatever so
I'm really really nervous and I just
could not sleep last night and I feel
like rubbish
today I'm tired exhausted I can't even
say straight it's so cloudy
it's like miserable weather which is
just making me feel worse and I'm just
like I've got a nail appointment later
which I'm like damn I shouldn't go I've
got so much to do so I gotta eat at my
video for tomorrow as well but I kind of
need just a little bit of time off I
think otherwise I will literally do this
all day and just make myself until
walking zombie so I haven't had any
breakfast or anything so I'm not hungry
I just feel tired and exhausted so I
just thought I'd take you sorry I didn't
say good night last night I forgot and
then but I remembered it was like 1:00
a.m. and I was just like nah I'm not
doing it I was just in such a bad mood
because I couldn't sleep no any kind of
sleeping you just get so frustrated and
fidgety you can not get comfortable it's
too hot it's too cold you hit you
look at random pots you all ready to
start itching and twitching it was the
list
I hit it's a bit terrible in a very long
time like I'm just like I just stretched
myself out like I should not be this
dressed I'm just literally just racing
myself up I'm working myself up it's
just all my head right now like I need
to just chill I'm trying to chew
hamish made me break this cuz I'm busy
yeah so I was in such a rush to go to my
nail appointment I forgot my lock camera
um so any got my toenails done got a
pickle with my mom and I met couldn't
continue with it so beauty stuff I would
really like I really just hit a shower
before I leave for my appointment I was
running so late like rushing to get
there on time so now I'm going to do
some dinner
design work for the website and I'm just
finishing off that video as well I still
need to do the voice-over so yeah that's
where I'm up to my feet is so ugly right
now but that's the colour though it's
like a deep kind of purple kind of
matches my skirt so I just finished
doing it like it is eight o'clock and I
I haven't eaten yet
apart from breakfast thank goodness
Hamish made it for me here's Rob Michael
and I was just doing names for the
website tomorrow I've literally done
nothing else
I used my video as well I am just
absolutely Bert what what I've got all
those really and I'm just like I don't
know what else I'm supposed to be doing
like I feel like I'm not done but I must
be done but I just don't feel it on like
I'm so tired and lethargic I feel like
I'm dreaming right now I don't even know
like if this is real life but I know it
is real life but you know what I mean
like I just feel like something's
missing or I feel like I haven't done
it's just all so surreal and I'm
panicking like so much because it's
tomorrow morning and my stuff it's this
 with orders today because of like
the sale waving at everything with the
old stock people went nuts like none of
us are up speaking it so they're still
working now thank goodness I love them
and they're gonna work all weekend to
try and get as much they can't really
like try to find other stuff to cover as
well and I'm just like I'm just
panicking like it's all good and I'm
like so thankful and everything the holy
crap is just so much happening and I'm
panicking and I feel like as I see it
like I'm so scared I'm like holy
people like everything you know I don't
like I'm just so nervous I'm asking my
other stuff as well I'm like have I
forgotten to do anything okay I'm so
hungry I don't know what I'm doing
no I know I think you're good and I'm
just like no I feel like I've gotten
sick I don't even know what I'm saying
right now I'm hungry
Oh oh my goodness I'm so tired I'm sorry
today as long as literately just being
me like in panic mode the whole look no
one's at these breakouts like raging
right now I'm so stressed
oh my god this happened I observe
regrets do you have any regrets
never Veta Vigi at pickles I didn't get
be true I never get baked run those legs
I feel like it's true Missy and fries
and a million aioli I'm saying goodnight
now hopefully tomorrow looks a little
bit more interesting because today I
literally was just in a rush whole day
it's that bird you told about dinner was
amazing
I'm full now and I'm happy and I'm clean
and I'm going to be I hope tonight I can
actually get to sleep good night bye
good night bye
