no ill why are you warming up why are
you moving up I love you
Jimin let's go good morning everyone I'm
just having a disgusting Baraka it make
me feel a little bit more energetic
today a little bit hungover look how
puffy my eyes I just took canteen
yesterday don't know if it's like people
just plain old hang Arvin s my eyes like
bloodshot and like puffy I haven't been
crying or anything
I literally just go to a shot like this
and I was just like okay so today we
going to young chat so it's something a
little bit different to vlog here even
though I think Hamish has walked in the
past on his channel and stuff we just
got I'm gonna go get dr. tinted
moisturizer which I show in a tutorial
soon on I'm in a little half with it a
little bit so much and now just got
mascara and brow plumper and a tinted
lip balm by benefit I can't do the
flavor of this is so bad so yeah we're
doing young chat and then we're gonna go
play some golf get some fresh air
lots people are laughing at how I like
like to go play golf when I'm hungover
everything but don't like doing other
things that's just because when I'm
hungover it's like my favorite thing
just to walk it just makes me feel so
much better I like the fresh air and
walking a movement like is seriously
like the best hangover cure for me and
some good old fashioned greasy foods so
I'm excited
you don't even for everybody was right
isn't that common knowledge no but he
breathes they were like you know they
don't wanna me oh let's go down
yeah well Falls how many 18 holes of
golf 4 hours 49 not amazing not terrible
somewhere between I think now we're
gonna go to lunch time like craving
mashed potatoes and yeah and it's all
plans it's like 7 o'clock now I got
mashed potato and fries I don't know
what it is I think it's lamb
I am dying over food coma right now how
are you going with your ribs he's been
like porting them off to John and so
flow but I still want to keep eating
because I'm in an eating mood
the lecture hall you can be listen man
we just got home it is 8:40
I'm going straight to bed because I'm so
tired between you say and say and just
don't lots of stuff throughout the week
I'm just so tired hope you guys enjoy
today's video and I will talk to you
tomorrow bye hey everyone it was
capacity and I've just been working all
morning
didn't go the gym today because I was
exhausted still like I woke up so I saw
lying so tired my entire body is aching
like I think just from non-stop movement
over the last few days like I'm just
absolutely busted my muscles are so teen
stuff they kind of hurt sir I took the
day off the gym today when I say last
night I fell asleep like you know how I
like vlogs I was like I'm going straight
to be it literally fell straight asleep
like straight away so try it yeah I
sleep so loudly until like 8 a.m. this
morning yeah I'm just doing some work
I'm gonna film some little snippets of
my new video for my new brushes gonna
film how I clean my brushes and
everything and then tomorrow I'm gonna
feel like the part of my face I want to
clean up my room it but first I'm just
gonna go eat a vlog because I meant on a
vlog away Kings I've been so busy just
doing stuff with friends and you know I
censor croaky I'm so tired
I haven't really got anything
interesting to show you today no mail or
anything so just walk to in a bit now
for around eight hundred and
twenty-seven of cleaning this room let's
do this can we please cry together
second while my makeup bag was in the
plane I don't know how I don't know why
alright so here's how I am now receive
back here that stuff there is my new
brushes which I'm gonna do a portion of
the video really soon I don't know what
I'm doing with this this is just here
for now these lipsticks I need to
organize into my drawers and like I need
to take out of my drawers this moment on
mate yeah so there's your date another
time but the actual desktop is all tidy
now I'm just got to wipe it down I'm
also gonna put the lipstick from this
holder like into here as well just cuz
my room gets way too hot so when they're
sitting in nays they start smelt where
is when they're in these drawers they
find so I'm gonna try and have a little
shift around and try to figure out what
to do with what put all my lashes in
there
got so many yeah that was a pretty good
progress for the day I'm just glad just
I'm filming for my expect beauty release
video new brushes man I love new brushes
so satisfying get out go away no one
likes you no one likes you
I haven't even hit a shower yet I
haven't eaten yet and it is 5:14 so yeah
so I just took all of baby I'm video
footage just of the brushes I'm gonna do
how to clean brushes soon using some of
these grubby ones over here stood some
snapchats so pretty this brush roll
comes with the 12th place it where you
will be able to buy it separately and
then that's a little logo on the front
it's like a matte kind of feeling case
it's so nice nice to keep clean as well
so it is 645 I had a shower and blue now
we're going to go out and watch
Zoolander I'm gonna get something to eat
first I mean all day I feel sorry
Everage today I like I'm sore achy that
time of the month
Germany in tomato juice
all right the movie is now gonna go see
zulan deter got popcorn a drink
I should take healthy eating elite you
guys know where it's like afterwards hey
guys so we just got out of jail and a
chair how much tell them what you
thought yeah I don't think it was a
Spanish thought like it was people it
was way worse than I thought it was I
thought it was very rich bad there's
like a couple funny bits but most of it
was kind of I don't know is hey me see
if it was just like no storyline it was
almost like they just made it up as they
went kind of thing like it was no
defined like thing of what was happening
in the movie and then all of a sudden
the end there was like this like
objective and it's just called like what
just kind of dragged on a little bit
like give a bitch but I feel like it's
pretty lame as well yeah I'm sure some
people would like it I guess it just
means what you like violates the first
100 more but I feel like that was always
gonna hit them see ya that's my day I've
got a new perfume I'll show you quickly
when we get home and then I'm gonna go
to sleep I it's 20 bucks - hi hi are you
going
what where's your brother hello hi hi hi
yep so sink this Michael Kors perfume
50ml rose or radiant gold so let's give
it a sniff this packaging is amazing ah
I love how to say what it smells like
kind of reminds me of like Elizabeth
Arden something or other I don't know
it's really pleasing though like it's
quiet
classy smelling it's not very sweet it's
very like feminine but deep I guess kind
of got a sweetness to it but it's a very
like deep kind of sweet it's not like
fruity or anything do you know what kind
of basis and everything it has feel free
to give it a bit of a google but geez
this brawl get filthy though you see my
fingerprints all over already no coffee
seriously I hate getting my period the
list I hope you guys enjoyed today's
well okay sorry it wasn't very long
can't really do much just cleaned and it
is it really that's what your mark by
good morning so I was back at the gym
today I had a really good workout did
tons of cardio I've been tiny kneeling
muscle stuff in a while I don't know why
and I'm just enjoying cardio so that's
what I'm sticking with so I did one of
those trick like hike things on the
elliptical where it's like rohad
resistance not pill and stuff
and I just do a really quick like few
minute run at the end like a bit of a
fast run so yeah I'm gonna in just over
an hour and now I'm gonna go have a
shower wash my hair and fake ten and
they're gonna come back and then I'm
going to make breakfast probably just a
smoothie or something I didn't have one
yesterday which was strange and yeah
then I'm gonna film I've got a couple
videos on a film and then later on I
need to go get my mom that bit there
isn't because I forgot on the weekend
cuz I'm terrible and it's a bit they say
we're going out to dinner tonight I'm
taking out for dinner for her birthday
so that should be fun and then later on
in the week we're gonna go get her nails
done it sounds so weird maybe a pedicure
that sounds somewhat more glamorous yeah
there's the plan for today actually pick
you along with me I don't know what kind
of makeup look I want to do today I
think I might film a bit about get rid
of with me I just don't know what kind
of makeup look I want to do I might just
pull out some random stuff out of my
drawer 7 to be used before and just like
go for it me at my most
active got some glam go on I haven't
used this in so long and it's thought
I'd pop them on because I've got a
really bad breakup I was like where's
put kind of all over the place alright
here's my before I've got real awkward
tan lines on the back of my lead because
I got burnt so this looks like row 10
stripe and they might be Jandal tan like
can you see that and here is directly
after so it's just the like bronze
overlay I'm using ultra dot today just
the regular like what is it six or eight
hours or whatever it is sometimes I use
the two hour Express Beck's my legs look
orbited okay I'm gonna go dry my hair
and start filming feel so accomplished
yes my cheese does a little bit pink
compared to my face I'm really hot my
kisses hot and my fake tans developing
it's looking a little bit Pinker today
than normal whatever reason it is so I
found three videos I did my exit Beauty
one I still need a film like the brush
cleaning portion I might do that
tomorrow with my fake tans red stuff and
I did a favorites video a few very
favorites video and I'd saved a they got
to try out this is my makeup today I'm
wearing the Ariat lashes by EXO beauty
I'm gonna get obsessed with them they're
really good for like natural people
natural people yeah
lashes that look natural and people that
have hooded eyes because they don't have
it tons of length they're a bit shorter
but they're very wispy they kind of like
wispy lashes and make them look really
pretty and fluttery and nice and thick
of course so now I'm gonna Jason editing
quickly and then I'll go get mom's
present in about in LA and then ya don't
know later than me and Hamish room
Ripple's for we're gonna get mom a rebel
school gotcha because she's been really
good for the fitness lately and I follow
it that way she could spin an online
anything from there there's also like
clothes he sneakers and stuff and then I
think I said earlier I'm gonna shout out
her I'm a pietà cool and they were
shouting heads on this side I won it
which is one of my favorite scents here
is wrong so I'm excited to go we haven't
been there at ages like moving their
mother school so hopefully they've got a
good meal at the women because so I
can't play should I go three videos
filmed today and now it is a vlog that's
I don't social media stuff and I've
imported all of the stuff they film
today so I can start editing later and
tomorrow morning and they all tomorrow
to speaking anything about what's that
princess here's the one we chose happy
birthday
Christmas music playing there's no way
hello hey hey little cutie that's not
yours look at you already trying to get
this out okay I play hyper he does this
I know it's very hot today well I wasn't
in here I was in my beauty room all day
so fun your room was laughing in my
other vlog when I was playing with them
they let oh my gosh she's so noisy when
he plays don't think I told you guys the
other day we went on a really long bike
ride we're like just at the end of our
bike before we turned around to go back
home and we saw the so they looked
identical d'azyr's like he looked a
little bit bigger like maybe like a
couple centimeters taller and longer oh
my god but he had the exact same
markings like he was cream white light
Zeus's same markings at the exact same
looking face the same is like he
literally looked identical it was crazy
except he wasn't shaved ice is shaped at
the moment of here we had like quite
that long fare like he hadn't been
groomed his short dessert but they
looked the exact same it was crazy
I wonder if they'll like the same litter
or something I don't know I kind of
wanted to ask the chick where she got
him from but they don't want to be weird
and also I was kind of staring so hard I
think she looked at me and saw it's kind
of like like did this really awkward
smile look like oh they probably looked
really weird like I was just staring at
her dog here's my outfit of the night
the skirt is from sue pray
these shares a by Bellini I think it is
and then I think the stop is misguided
and then I have my Prada clutch I've
gone back to my door not fun guys from
Nordstrom I think I just need some kind
of jacket now I don't know make I'm
still looking good table one it I'm
totally getting bruschetta and then I
think I'm gonna get and then I'll
probably get this in your key that's
good
do you know what you're getting ma yo
silhouetted against the windows back
there people were saying happy birthday
to you on Twitter I'm gone berry
Bellinis maybe she got the to you I
completely forgot to vlog because I was
so hungry and hailed it okay Rashida and
Hamish got scallops
would you get any venison and mum got
steak and Vigi I got your keys salad oh
my god looks so good halloumi mimmish
got passion for white chocolate
cheesecake mum got a brownie like a date
no not brownie date no yes salty careful
take playing there we go got about Mia
yeah looks really bad Hey what are you
doing Zeus is beard hey sirs do you beat
me we did what is dad doing what's he
doing
where is he we did oh my god it's off so
we're home now I'm just making myself a
cup of tea and then gonna wash my face
get rid of a bit and then me and I'm
just gonna watch a bit of cool soul go
ahead a real early good night and I'm
was amazing
couldn't fault it the British it was
amazing my mane was amazing I got thing
your key and then I got a white
chocolate cheesecake for dessert no it
was incredible feel so clean took off
all my makeup just waiting for Hamish to
come a bit am I gonna watch binnacle
song we're gonna love this show it's so
good as you can see my fate has done its
job how funny is this look at that
Oh chef it's half a turn on my face I'm
tempted i'ma do it cried stood one thin
layer all over my face using loving turn
so tomorrow they should develop and look
quite nice I'm just gonna say good night
now I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
and I'll talk to you tomorrow
