hello hello a my hair is such a mess
actually feeling fine today I feel like
I send it a lot more drink there
actually was just nobody no one opens
the mail waving a lazy day which is
gonna be so fun we're just gonna watch
by the way Gaby when I cleaned up the
Shelf the other day I put this up here
why my subscribers gave this to me so
cute
thank you so much but some Christmas
decorations just they are not living
there they're just waiting till December
the first we have a beautiful kills box
by the way if you wondering what the
music in the background is it's a
sleeping music turns off yeah I mean
she's just this computer hi Shannon
Happy Holidays to you we're pleased to
share with you our kills holiday
collection and special guest Mickey
Mouse it is being that great working
with you this year happy holiday season
at the Kiehl's team cute okay so we have
a calendula herbal extract tonight
alcohol free and this ultra facial cream
24 hour everyday hydrating formula mmm
just cute little bag creme de corpse
special edition I think this is their
moisturizer range yep body moisturizer I
want to see if it smells like anything
that packaging is so cute it just smells
really like I don't know it does have a
smelt like I really pick up what it is
its pleasant it's so nice of you kills
thank you so much that Mickey Mouse
stuff is so cute they serve is something
yeah cute dripping your water beard all
over my face just like scold wanna get
look at that yeah anyway it's a more the
beard water but we got sent these
girlboss
or not these are by Australis Oh a
lipstick lip creams
I love Australis I haven't actually used
a lot of Australis in a long time
it really had a look at their range in a
long time but if you remember three
years ago a few years ago
yeah youtubes of Australis stuff from my
videos in the past all this packaging is
so cute too if it wants to focus so
is literally one swipe it's a Dimi matte
finish
there you go to me matte lipcream and
this one here is in the shade admire
stunning brown color and they smell
sweet like lollies super cute they
remind me of like the a so beautiful
Muller a little bit but probably a
little bit more shiny a lot yeah a lot
wash I'm excited that shiny stuffs me
here come back though like lip glosses
and stuff and like the tinted lipsticks
and all that kind of thing I'm excited I
think I saw this long maybe Lauren
curtis's snapchat or Instagram story or
something I think it was her the
packaging was just so like distinctive
was someone's anyway but not that part
let me show you so here are the colors
actually quite lovely colors I'm a kind
of a fan of that roar just there like
the orange and then holy the lemon hell
isn't that amazing I want to do a
boomerang on my Instagram with that cuz
it's just beautiful look it's going
silver here I think and I changed the
light it's like orange purple blue green
oh I just love it that package is
incredible I have a fair sausage here
with me hey who's that watch this who's
that who's that who's that who's that
you silly trout to get the lipstick all
over yes your guilt mm-hmm
is succulent we go over is so excited to
see us he may or may not have gotten to
bite off my hash brown it's more stuff I
bought off at Hagan Murray why excited
let's sort out this ear please thank you
I bought this off I actually pre-ordered
it a while ago that's what he can smell
the lollipop
I'll actually pull the mother pic she
once you use the code I think chantix on
Pam recom also by the way they have ox
pay it would be also his ox to pay for
New Zealand customers Googler it's
amazing basically oh my god Louie
basically you can sign up to the service
it's like lay-by except you've had your
first installment of fees or don't fees
like you just pay the first part of your
purchase and you don't get charged
interest or anything like that I guess
unless you're late but anyway so say
you've just paid your late $20 you get
your stuff straight away and they used
continue to pay it off so it's like
lay-by executed straight away he go
what's the pail each paying for
fortnightly payments no interest or
added fees when you pay on time get what
you want now you order a straight
away just so you know so peg murray has
that and xob has it too so yeh just
makes a little bit easier for when
you're on a budget you know I like being
able to pay stuff off but you get it
straight away which is epic so instant
gratification so I got these cute
sunglasses stunning these are some of
the dizzy ones black frame and like the
yellow tinted lens and then this roughly
at play suit situation with polka-dots
so a cure it's way better on which I'm
sure you'd be able to imagine and then
this little dress which from memory is
off-the-shoulder
is such a amazing color and so floaty
like very boho chic this could be a good
option for Christmas too with a red lip
it looks so nice CFA make fun check her
out as you can see I love her stuff
because I bad myself
PlayStation seen us Star Wars
Battlefront 2 so thank you so much
probably a bit of a Hamish let's be
honest because I know nothing about Star
Wars eventually
not saying I think I said one of the
movies next up is this huge heavy box
from Mika never in my wildest wildest
dreams could have imagined when Mika
would be today when we open that first
door on turret Road 20 years ago it's
been one wild ride and what a wonderful
one - thank you for your support for
believing in us in our brands and of
course for loving a beauty as much as we
do
it's such a sweet leader thank you so
much Joe let's see what's inside
I love me pair it's such a cool company
oh my good
you guys know me LA if you watched my
long unboxing videos I like flip out
every time I get makeup packages -
they're the best stuff it's basically
like New Zealand and Australia's version
of Sephora they've got other high-end
brands and like hard to get brands well
previously hard to get they brought us
all of the good brands like open decay
to face like heaps of different brands
that we couldn't get before easily okay
we've got a Chamonix peel we have I'm
just going to like go through it quickly
ish got a matter setting spray ambient
lighting powder and dim lights fire
glass we have a stay all day liquid
eyeliner a bare minerals original
mineral wheel bite eerie lip care
beautiful packaging that's such a lovely
branch oh very luxe pericardium de face
finishing at moisturizer with a mecca
cos medica lip hydration Pinkerton I
actually really really love the me
because vinegar range there look tense
I've got some really look at his but
he's so happy they just love opening
mail gets it it's not a party without a
tree oh okay here we go
make his very own birthday chocolates
that's why they're going cuts I see I
see it this sealed well let me see if I
can you know it when I should put the
camera down they actually smell divine
and it's coming from someone that
doesn't love these kinds of chocolates
like Oh sort of the melted little they
smell so right well we have a bougie
perfume candles we have another one a
giant one oh my gosh I don't know this
brand but I think it's fancy just
looking at it I'm really bad with fancy
things because I don't have sense fancy
thing well I do but like you know what I
mean
I'm not in that world honest city I
think this is the one Karina posted and
she was like flipping out I need to do
some research
I'm excited I'm so thankful thank you so
much mica dry shampoo volumizer
oh wow there's so much in here you guys
some of this will be in giveaways 30 on
some of that oh my gosh thank you so
much I've got this I've got dad put that
but there I've got lots of it but some
of it is new to me and I'm so excited to
try it out yeah I think some of us must
be like the best sellers that's very
cool stuff here's some at Christmas
staff this I sure Baba teleport by the
way it's the Oasis magic shadow palette
slope I love that bottom are in the
middle I love all of it to be honest
let's be honest no net this priest
highlighter it's in the shade I don't
know it's just the priests highlighter
let's have a look oh it's pretty it's
like a Jew okra matte like white gold
too pink so I'm gonna focus is that I
literally cannot it won't focus anyway
it's stunning some eyeshadows and then
they've got the ultra mix and I think
Ultra Ball C's as well in here yeah and
then lastly here I have a vanity plant
skin for the win
pitch it comes with a brush which I use
that at night quite often this hits my
favorite and then there is this daily
cream cleanser I love the packaging like
real simple cute colorful zine what is
green clay mask green tea clever I've
actually tried that yet I think I've got
it ready and then it this soothing gel
bead I'm asked this looks so comfy you
must put it in the fridge or something
this is kind of addictive sorry if
you've got that like I forget what it's
called we a hate little balls probably
can't watch that right now first of all
so basically watched is this coast south
side what's this TV show called
Southland
okay here's Lois here is and I have on a
face mask the clear improvements by
origins it's my first
I'm trying this one so that mask made my
face a little bit red but it feels so
clean and so soft I'm sure it'll calm
down soon hopefully anyway we're going
to sleep now very uneventful day very on
a beautiful boring vlog but hopefully
don't mind bye
