good morning just got back from the gym
hamish look yeah I think this work off
your face
no I walked over to a me looked at me
he's like what did the switch no you did
really good
you don't we got hardly me I'm just
sweet what arrived Valentine's Day gifts
I got stuck in fabricating past dead I
know what's the date now it's the 19th
now he knew what it was he figured that
I knew instantly what you got no you did
it after a few questions yeah that's
probably the exact one you want it oh
there you go pull it out it looks like
it I hope it is it's got the price on
the side of it are you fucking kidding
me
why don't they remove some like that
like nervous and the box like I'm a
panda just stupid it is kind of stupid
it's ridiculous doesn't matter
it's not about the money it's about how
called watches I like it classy
it's nice hold on you're gonna have to
get it resized now which is a pain in
the ass I'm gonna throw the box or you
don't care about Italy no no much this
is it here Nixon player a friend of mine
here to watch like this and I saw it and
I was like yeah there's a man yeah well
I actually asked because it's pagans
boyfriend fiancee and she said it was
this exact one well that's about right
show me at though oh no but it's got a
little bit of that's fine you can't just
like tighten it remember last
no--but remember the last time they just
tightened it a little bit and then it
was like perfect
shimmy looks nice with your tan nothing
else nice do you like it yes really
thank you
no way oh my god lipstick is the new
ramones hi good morning I'm gonna see if
I can have it ever caught on tourists if
my avocados already you guys should see
the wither today it is the worst wither
it's been in
like a since I can remember at the worst
late last night dose I'm so tired right
now
like what's the time it's ten thirty
seven or eight because I just like light
and beta ages this morning before going
to the gym I was like oh my god
I woke up of late 1 a.m. and just
couldn't no I'll give it to sleep it was
the worst it's kind of calmed down now
but before it was buckin rain like the
entire time I was at the gym go over to
Ella and before and after it was all
ringing started raining at like 7 a.m.
or something hopefully this is it and it
clears out by this afternoon so we can
like go do something later
mmm please I am so excited to eat this
like you guys haven't zero idea I'm so
pathetic been working on the same video
all morning and it's not 3 p.m. you
never smoothies hang on what do you do
mean lemon cold today which is strange
because usually we have the aircon on
like high pumping the sky is clearing up
it is getting sunny right now I'm sorry
happy no so yeah oh by the way my video
just went off in Erica my BH Cosmetics
in-house video and oh my god you look so
excited it makes me so much more excited
and so happy and I feel like screaming
I'm so excited
I said I feel like a solid half hour
reading all the comments I was just like
oh my god like it's so overwhelming and
I'm just I'm so grateful you guys
support and I'm so happy you guys like
to look available so nervous cuz I
obviously love it obviously but I was so
scared that for some reason other people
wouldn't like it like I just hit this
little like thing in my brain of like
what if they hate it I was like now shut
up but no I know I'm through the
comments people it just started for me
and started about the colors in saying
that they love the colors and I'm just
I'm obsessed with this drink it's so
good this is a bit here do you like your
new toy so cold right do you love it I
just walked into the room and he was
coming up with it so cute all right
here's what I'm aiming for - today some
PJs asked me and Hamish bunch of BJ's
and how much gonna have one of these
eight even though they serve two I'm
quite hungry I probably won't eat a
whole one but I know Hamish will so I'm
doing - I'll see how much leftovers if
there's enough left overs I was checking
the fridge and then and the swap
creations sweet chili and lime it's just
so easy just in a few cashew nuts as
well because I love cashew nuts and stir
fries the beer so I forgot to film in
yesterday I'll say Hamish I should have
put them in and it is done and it took
like five minutes I brought more cashew
nuts because the delicious good morning
it's Saturday I forgot to finish my
thought last night maybe not to give a
cure and got some dessert which I forgot
my camera got home I forgot to grab my
camera well aware that I forgot my
camera no I just watched a movie and
went to sleep so yeah I'm you still
sometimes I'm sorry so it means we go
I'm gonna walk this morning but the
weather is a bit dodgy hopefully it
clears up a little more within the next
hour and then we can still go and I
think we've got some golf cuts for this
afternoon I'm not sure something like
that
so much money
we're doing the coach loop say that I
met my most attractive right now that
was such a good workout like that's not
not a good workout on orders but we
smashed you out in my half time or just
just over half time we did about an
Aryan team and it's supposed to take
about two to two and a half hours so now
we're gonna go home have a shower
everyone else going out for lunch I'm
just going to go home get changed
eat something and then we've got golf
this afternoon so today is a very
exercise food today I'm hot today
just just speed up the game a little bit
cuz there's so many of us say
I just gotta taste
apparently d'affaires gotten a lot
better he gets another full bit visit in
three more weeks he's going it's such
good news I was just opening up my mail
I got this billion dollar browse
Basilica and this here's what's inside a
dementing a little like cute little tea
glass and then at the new manuka dr
age-defying eye cream sorry it's not in
focus there we go I've been liking this
brand lately I've been using a lot more
of this stuff here's my outfit of the
night in a filthy myrrh the shoes are
from misguided the shorts are from dotty
and then this little top is just from
blessings so yeah that's what I'm
wearing I mean Daniel Wellington and
Louboutin and Pandora look at my cute
little child Sammy's got me no I'm quite
tipsy right now we just got home from a
free in Chris's house we just had a
night day with frames I didn't leave
logged because it was just we didn't do
anything it was just like hanging out
with friends and stuff so yeah there's
now one a.m. came home
cuddle with the puppies gonna hit to
sleep I think tomorrow we're gonna go
play golf again I'm eating gum
