hey everyone I am such a dummy I
completely forgot to take my camera with
me this morning when got my blood test
and honestly this time I was so brave I
didn't cry it hurt and I was panicking a
little bit but I think I'm like starting
to either get used to it or I'm not like
psyching myself up in my head so much so
don't like freak out as much do you know
remain like I try to just pretend it's
not gonna happen
and then when it's hit me I pretend it's
not happening and then I don't get upset
and like freaked out you know so the
mastering um blood tear cell antion
knowing because my cortisol levels are
high and so my doctor needs to check
them again because they've come up high
a couple times when I checked my pair
walks when I got some mix of Beauty
lashes like a message like bag full of
him um what else have I done so far I
went out for brunch with my mum I got
was Shibata braids is that how you say
it I don't know with smashed avocado in
fitter in a poached egg it was really
nice now I've come home it is almost a
live in a clock it's quarter to 11:00
and I'm just going to do some editing
today I'm gonna get a couple videos this
morning / this afternoon early and then
I'm going to continue cleaning my beauty
room I've got those organizers which
have been waiting for so I'm really like
you know I need to get it done I keep
putting it off got some mail here
there's a fifth stuff I got this from
vanity planet which is a sponsored video
with a while ago I did there um there's
skin and cleaning brush which I still
use these little silicon one as you guys
saw in that video but anyway they sent
me some more stuff to try so I've got
the professional ice roller which I have
to do some research into these it's to
refresh tone and tighten your skin with
a simple tool
good to listen redness and discomfort
before or after certain treatments as
well oh my gosh I cannot halt I've got
like a full list today spin for perfect
skin system look by the way speaking of
lips I am getting a consult in a couple
of months for my Invisalign finally so
that's so exciting so here's the spin
for perfect skin so I've got some
smaller brushes than the last one and
then one like huge one and it's got this
one too so I'm just so excited to try
that because I really like the other one
and I also got a couple more packages so
let me open it quick so first I got
this Elsi foundation which I've heard
people writing about and I wanted your
first impression on it it looks like a
pretty good color I got the shade stand
so totally gonna do a first impression
on that can't wait to use those shipping
service and they also got some stuff
from Nordstrom I bought this myself I
bought the other thing myself is wild
I'll see if anything I got another
Nozick sheer glow because mine is
starting to get loaded I'm just gonna
put the other one in my travel makeup
bag I got the Dior skin foundation and I
got a slightly lighter - a boy when I
don't have as much fake tan on because
sometimes I just cannot be bothered
great tanning lately I've got another
violet Lumiere which is one of my
favorite foundations which I have been
purchased in like a year so it was about
time for me to restock decks I really
like it
I also got a John Manny what's this
highlighting pillow over net some of the
new clinic pop eyeshadows because I love
the blushes so I got something I shadow
so Louise stop licking me still gets
another Manila pigment the ariana grande
Viva Glam and I got via one of the vial
of year as well so what talking I have
no idea what this is foundation pump I
remember now I have a pencil sharpener
and it's a joy into one because I always
lose my pencil sharpeners so I got that
one and it's pretty name this this is
the year of the monkey Chinese New Year
one I think it is budget on Manny the
packaging feels very tinny from honest
the actual color looks really nice and I
think this is the one that I'm Jeffrey
Styles raving about yeah it's quite
pretty quite intense so I'm excited to
look at these two princes okay you lose
your tail looks hilarious it looks like
one of those like dishwashing but
sponges or something
dishwashing brushes Hey look at you
there's a cute new haircuts a bit dodge
but you're so much happier aren't you I
serve determines to feed his but he
hates me when I touch my food I mean
touch my feet touch his feet don't you
kiss thank you
holy moly their videos took me so long
to eat it like this entire time it is
now 3:40 p.m. that entire time I was
using that one
but it's done it's 30 minutes long I'll
link it down below all about my new BH
Cosmetics pellet dope dope dope dope
dope dope dope dope delicious as always
I'm quite a big fan of this now because
it keeps me full for a very long time
that's why I've been hearing it so much
and it's fast and easy so my camera died
didn't it bugs it's now like 8 p.m.
watching ridiculousness which is
probably the shittiest TV show ever no
offense I just how you all the talking
like just show me the funny videos it's
Wi-Fi alarm is so good cuz it's just
funny videos no commentary just good
anyway I'm gonna open up some litters in
some he robots male cuz I've got to hang
out the recycling so I thought I better
open it now are you excited are you
excited yes
so first off excuse me more illegal
stuff from inside Le Coq Oh indeed
whoa look at all those I don't even know
these are nets do you mind
why are you so excited these are the
mets lipsticks right
it's literally nothing in it for you why
are you both so excited does this person
own dogs
yeah do they own dogs
someone seen hate was in Tobruk toys
sorry is there not I'm not really sure
who seat bag I got fine light thank you
so much to Weaver sent this you did not
have to do that like you guys do not
have to see me things but I really
appreciate it I wish you'd lift me a
litter or something so I could thank you
I got this letter from hungry I'm so
sorry I don't really don't really know
is it Veronica
I'm so sorry I'm terrible she said she
hopes it arrives her on Christmas but
only Jess came in the post sucks
sometimes but look how cute look how
cute the little stickers excuse me I'm
trying to read
thank you so much for your letter
someone over there is enjoying the toys
this next package is from Victoria from
Australia okay cute fluffy play it to it
oh my goodness the doors are gonna flip
out look at this thing it is another one
oh my god I love this one look it's a
pig I love pigs toys galore Louie in
Zeus you guys are sort of boy who
there's also something for Chris and
Sally Joe so Olga that's the next time I
see them you're this one says Hamish on
it so this is from Victoria as ice age
and she's got a YouTube channel as well
she said wishing you nothing but the
very best in life you deserve it all
congratulations on tourmaline thank you
so much I'm also curate what
it's a bracelet thank you so much look
there's a little X I'm on it what yeah
what about it
it's fine hooks it and Moon Sun lipstick
that's so thoughtful Haitian happy
Valentine's so this city everywhere was
it like a bikini suit it circled us I
have to go a litter from one of my
subscribers Club Dini cute and up the
puppy photos it's a really lovely Lea
thank you so much for writing to me I
love this photo I almost forgot to say
good night to you guys why is my skin
look so blurry I tell you I got our tape
back on that camera yeah they tell you
no yeah they ring me like two days ago
and they go and they're like oh it's
taking too long to get sorted so we're
gonna push for a brand new camera yes
that's good yeah that's good there
anybody seen it's been I'm well over a
month yeah it's like it's not good
enough I was like yep it's nice of them
that's good service because it was it
has been way too long
me and Hamish was just watching X on the
beach it's really addictive because it's
so tragic
who's your favorite I just watch it cuz
you watch it is it Hamish is the one
that lies he shows more than me there's
your favorite you told me your favorite
was yes you do
Scotty fucking teeth bigger perform they
can't really I kind of understand them
sometimes take what you don't say okay
I'm gonna go to sleep I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk to
you tomorrow good bye look at there's a
winning photo I just took on my snapchat
I put it on Instagram if you didn't know
I am that lame person that made my dogs
in Instagram feel free to follow them if
you like cute puppy photos this one's my
absolute favorite I mean it their
profile picture anyway good morning
today I'm gonna film I'm gonna do some
kind of like I think Pam
her own kind of date night makeup kind
of video like I'm gonna call it like a
makeover when I go like extreme like do
my skin makeup here so I think I'll do
that
and I might feel like a lip swatch video
or something we'll see how we go see
what time it is when I finish it we went
to the gym a little bit later this
morning because I did hipster recycling
outside did some emails interested some
bits and pieces around the house before
I win it is now quarter to eleven but
it's cloudy outside so it's good filming
with a watching you know I got some
packages to open that's what I ready
because it was really heavy and might
fragile and stuff like what is it and it
turns out it's from Porsche they said my
payment will be one year old this month
and they sent me some champagne how cool
is that I think we're gonna start
looking into that Range Rover very soon
I don't know when kind of because we
want to go up to Auckland to actually
organize it we don't just want to do
over the phone we want to go to the same
dealership cuz we've just had great
service so you know great service is
important to me especially you're
spending money on a car like a lot of
money on a car so next time I go to
Auckland more probably go and visit them
and sort all that out if you want to get
rid of that little mister I'm just guys
some cereal for breakfast and I'm going
to also show you what other mail I got
there's a couple of packages by the
front door I'm in a very good mood today
alright first package trilogy what's in
here
I'd really missed torna and makeup kit
must hide rain is the spritz it on your
foundation brush before you apply base
it's a really cool idea I love trilogy
rose geranium and live in de I don't
haven't seen Louie oh here is is in the
dining room
more do do be you know hi
okay next up sorry about the dogs
they're playing next up is since
different from one six a lot lots and
lots of stuff okay let me just unwrap it
all alright so I got these shoes from
Mulaney delight little wedge Hills with
leopard print now I got to roll it like
little cute ones and then this one here
like you can me kind of Braille it with
a little of hearts all over it and then
I got this juice here come in what
brands this was chopping board and then
this little dream dish that I don't know
what I'm gonna put stuff in baby jewelry
or something and this little is sterling
silver necklace as well and then all of
this was from the Elizabeth Arden
company who knew Viva La Juicy all right
okay we have Viva La Juicy rose perfume
oh my gosh Cheers
this watch is the Juicy Couture watch
it's actually really pretty it's like a
soft pink and rose gold cure information
it is the pricing and New Zealand of
course I'm guessing or just be able to
apply it where the Viva La Juicy is
won't you much it's usually at like
farmers and stuff I think I got the
flawless set and stupid fitting at
primer that's what it looks like there
this love this way I think it's cuz it's
really easier for him to squeak he likes
it when I squeak don't you over the
speed we've got that bit there for him
because usually when the weather is nice
which it's not today this hand comes in
right here
and he sleeps here all born in and then
he slowly transfers over the speech
what's the lounge and it's when he sits
in these beds then when he gets too hot
he comes under the aircon and sits in
this bed because he's not spoiled at all
hurler finished filming honestly this is
like the lightest I have filmed in the
afternoon probably in like a whole yeah
like the lighting was just good for so
long usually by like 2 p.m. it's like
out of it
Dominic on film is 4 o'clock and I
filmed successfully
from like 11 to 4 p.m. I did a tutorial
and I did a lip swatch video and I'm
really happy with how both of them came
out as well I'm super stoked so now I'm
gonna make a smoothie for lunch I think
your muscles look big when super runny
it's like a milkshake I thought I'd be I
put some spinach in since I have it for
the last few days alright and I got it
at a vlog now you might even edit some
of one of these videos I filmed today
somedays everything just goes wrong and
today was not one of those days though
maybe is dinner veggies noodles and some
wok sauce this is the honey soy done
alright I just washed off all my makeup
it's non focus is it washed off for
makeup / wipes it off I'm gonna wash my
face once I get back that we were about
to go on a bike ride so I will message
you message you I hope when I get back
home probably take about an hour and a
half what's the time now is almost 7
o'clock and just finished off another
video oh I just uploaded a vlog as well
I'm so accomplished today feeling good
dinner was amazing to her so delicious
we just got back like 10 minutes ago and
our 21 minutes we didn't go all the way
to the very end because we got
absolutely ass kicked on the way out
there because the wind was blowing
straight at us for majority of the time
it was like not sheltered it was so
exhausting and so we went like probably
2/3 or 3/4 the way and then on the way
back just like went as fast as we could
so it took us like half the amount of
time to get back because the worm was on
outside and then we just put our gears
onto the hardest gear possible and just
like exhausted now
felt like I was gonna home it for a
little while it's fine feels good now so
I'm gonna grab a shower wash my face cuz
it's a little like dusty and gross so I
take off my makeup first cuz like the
amount that gets caked onto my face and
like bugs and stuff it's erinc
someone's found a comfortable spot right
on my chest yeah yeah yes I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk
to you tomorrow
