hey everyone so today's already been so
hectic I'm back from the gym my face is
still a little bit pink but I just had a
shower and like rubbed hits a boil on my
face try get rid of these friggin acne
scarring things situation so basically
today was hectic because got over at
7:30 went to the gym all fine was there
for 40 minutes then to rush home
unexpectedly to reschedule video which
was a pain in the ass but I couldn't do
it for my father it wouldn't work so
that happened got home started editing
the description for today's video that's
going out because David don't yet got
halfway and I was sweating so much for
my boob in her shower quickly I'm still
bright red it's really hot
I'm gonna have some cereal Rufus today
I'm quite hungry and then I'm going to
prepare the smoothie for lunch instead
just to kind of have like a bigger meal
earlier in the day I don't know I'm just
hungry so I'm just going to switch
around today I was going to film but I'm
just going to get it some videos today
instead because I just wanna get some
like in my little banker videos so that
if I ever have anything go wrong or if I
go anywhere or anything I've got some
videos lined up already and I've just
got so much to eat it anyway so I need
to do some I am so far zoomed in right
now dad number one and Doug number two
he'll look at those is my new video just
meant up and I uploaded a vlog for
tomorrow already even though today's
video ready one up today's water and one
up is of tomorrow's one in advance so
I've got one ready and I've also edited
one more beauty video so now I'm going
to get another Beauty video and yeah
that's my plan for today and then later
the stuff no magic on me I thought I'm
going to start using this everyday
makeup look at first I think I need to
have some lunch
tastes like dessert I was gonna put
spinach in but I decided not to I don't
know
so I've started cleaning out my beauty
room cleaned up my stuff off the floor
it still looks like I haven't cleaned it
at all but really every organized so
many of my lipsticks I'm doing this next
but I've like done the straw cut from
Alice and then did the stroll almost
finish them
oh it's exhausting ice to narrow it all
of the stuff and I've like picked out
stuff now I need to actually go through
my stuff and get rid of some because
it's just not working out there's my
progress so far I'll probably continue a
little bit more tomorrow if I get some
time what's this to go from look good
man to go from work
we just week for a walk for an hour I'm
just trying our neighborhood dogs out
making myself Santino then we're going
to hold their bed and watch some fish
food and watch some shameless
we've got like one or two episodes to
watch so they'll be good it's 10 to 8
now feel like haven't done much today
but I kind of have I've done a lot of
editing how much tidy that keeps the
kitchen and then I tidied up the dining
room Hamish also cleaned up the lounge
in vacuums and did some washing so the
house is looking really nice at the
moment so that was so nice of him did
you have our big look yeah
heaps of rubbish that I have to throw
out as well we made beard and I've got
so much washing after put away which I
cannot be bothered doing right now so
they can wait time to flop a beard and
chill early and doing another face mask
I've got probably like two more mouths
to lift and this little like um cut open
troop for your Eisenberg mass terrific
don't think ask me again which one it is
I'm talking about ideas well then you to
my channel color its what it looks like
there I bought it while I was in Italy I
need to wiped off my lips but a while is
Italy home and be able to find a to the
Saints from Sephora in Italy it's not on
then American Sephora website so I need
to figure out where am i from
I looked on the website couldn't find it
I should look again in case it was just
sold out or something be a freaking love
it smells so amazing as well like it
doesn't have like a particular scent it
just smells refreshing like good
skincare refreshing nice excuse me I
think her in my face Miggy you uni you
hi
we caught up on shameless and the last
episode was so good how its weapons next
but I'm really sad about one of the
characters if you're watching it you'll
know who I mean cuz I liked him anyways
I'm gonna go to sleep now hope you guys
liked today's video and I'll talk to you
tomorrow bye hello everyone man who's
just walk out like 20 minutes ago we're
about to go to the gym but I got a
package so I'm going to show you what it
is now so I can take out the rubbish I'm
excited oh hey Shane has some a value
workout get to keep going since you're
incredible in the last lot we hope you
enjoy from the team at Pima New Zealand
rage Oh are these workout pants yes they
workout pants on my absolute fave they
fit so good sometimes workout pants kind
of slip down which is not ideal when
you're running and stuff but these ones
just like it literally stick to your
body like nothing else but they're still
comfortable they don't feel tight or
anything
those are really cool cute little um
what does it sports bra which are my
favorite kind you guys remember me
saying recently how I don't like the
form cup ones I'm starting to get rid of
all Mike
once because they just hurt me and I
find that these definitely give me
enough support anyway my boobs don't
really jump around I suppose cause if I
don't know so these ones likely perfect
for me and then this workout top which I
really like it's really cute man oh
these look bright I was actually looking
at all the other pairs of shoes that
promised emails like I need to wear
these I need more active wear casual
active wear so I can wear these shoes
just got back from the gym look what
arrived I'm gonna go have a shower now
because I need to wash my hair because I
sweat like a mofo today during my
workout my hi ray was in pic is on for
so long like way longer than normal
normally I'm just like in cardio zone
and like a little bit of pigs I'm this
day I was like going hard it was great
now I feel pooped and a little bit dizzy
and wash my hair and fake ten and then
I'm going to film today so yeah I'll
come back once I've washed my hair and
I'll have breakfast in I might open
somebody I'm at Weis I'll do it later
I'll see how I'm going on time it's
really cool to past 11:00 no core
Bastien
finally finished filming it's now 3
o'clock I'm going to go do some editing
soon first I'm going to make a smoothie
for like skis my look color I did have a
nude on with this eye makeup I used my
BH Cosmetics palette the Lighting's
really bad so it might not be showing up
as good as it really is I did lip
swatches hints this I'm sort of freaking
excited to show you guys this palette
the video is probably out by now if it
is I'll link it down below like the
announcement video of my new palette
okay time for a smoothie I'm going crazy
I'm so hungry
it happened I had my first overflow put
way too much ice in and I can flip my
fillings so my go put up my blog and
everything not and start editing some
videos and then later I'll come and open
up all these packages with you guys even
was turned up now I'm really sad right
now my granddad just took in deeper
stairs at work if you remember deeper he
was my dog at my dad's house slash
probably more my dad's dog in my dog he
liked my dad more but with him for years
and years like he's probably like 12 or
13 or something without me actually
working it out something around there
he's quite old but I think we're going
to have to put him down because his lost
heaps of weight I think his time is
coming I'm really said he's lived such a
good life though most spoilt dog ever
hey your word what are you doing what
are you doing to me feel like um soup so
I'm making a look that what's not really
super zip but you're not I mean um
Luxor I'm going to do a couple noodles
and some veggies in it as well so we'll
see how it turns out I'm just trying
this paste I've never done it before
and there might do some good old frozen
veggies these look goat green beans
capsicum carrots broccoli and spinach
all right
fingers crossed this works okay
Hamish is having some schnitzel
schnitzel ah schnitzel work over you so
yeah I forget and here's the lakhs I
made looks really young so hopefully it
tastes good dinner was good how spicy
was it Hamish limit angle its it was
mild on the packet that even I thought
it was a little bit spicy Hamish isn't
so good the spicy food was so nice
though so definitely make that agin at
some stage I probably do less coconut
um create coconut milk next time and
more water because it was real creamy
whereas I think will it taste nice if it
was a little bit lighter so I mean how
am I going to go for a bike ride hence
the reason I took off my makeup I
haven't washed my face properly but I'm
going to have to have a shower when I
get back from the bike ride anyway so I
just removed my makeup quickly and we're
just going to go now so yeah I'll talk
to you later and there's what you call
sweat we went for an hour in a bit I
think there's enough exercise for the
day we're going to watch what is that
binnacle saw new serie not new series
new um seasons out which if you don't
know better call Saul is it's really
good at since been off not a spin off
but it's another series by the person
that did Breaking Bad it's kind of like
a spinoff I suppose it's kind of linked
but it's still very different someone
wants to help who's there bulky man it's
Lemmy so while we're watching but it
also let unbox hits the stuff that I got
so I got a bunch of stuff from Meg I
picked up the liquid lipstick so I want
to do a lip swatch video I'm pretty sure
these a permanent if it's not a
permanent range that I probably won't do
it but if it is coming out definitely do
it that's the reason I bought them all
couple lipsticks and they're like velvet
lip pencil thingies and I also got these
Zara Beauty coffee break with Danny I
believe your username is that I'm like
little organisers out three them for
like lip pencils and things and then I
was sent a bunch of um concealers by la
girl just Austin because it's like one
of my favorites and they sent me this
little pet I don't know if there's a new
shades or not I'll have to see and then
some lip glazes lip pencils I think
that's like a little Merle something I
also got the many anyway tell it with
makeup geek I'm so excited oh do we be
doing a tutorial with dead
some stage it's so exciting it looks
beautiful from what I've seen on sitting
around on Instagram and stuff so can no
weird it looks so pretty I also got sent
some bicker
what are these targeted color correctors
and concealers down here as well hold on
this is supposed to go up here so those
would be interesting to try I really
want to try the peach under my eyes like
when I've got real dark under-eye
circles I don't really like I don't
think I've ever tried color correcting
like that I won't ever use light yellow
under my eyes so it'll be interesting to
see if it looks better
it's like a green one and stuff as well
so that's that and then I also got sent
some color pop rather just like the
coolest packaging ever by the way then
your ultra satin lips and some new lip
pencil shades look how pretty they look
hopefully they're good I'm thinking
about doing a lot swatch beyond these as
well because they're plain met liquid
lipsticks like some of them I love some
of them not so much like some of them
are really patchy some of them are
amazing so that hittin mess so hopefully
these ones are a little bit more
consistent some really interesting
shades as well man how much think this
is awesome I'm just opening up some of
the mail from you guys now cuz I've been
meaning to talk for ages and I'm finally
like everything's mellow and I what is
he can smell he can smell food or
something err thanks for some whatever
grows yeah thank you
she like said that what is it her
family's food company owns them and she
saw that my pepper grinder broke and so
um it doesn't say her name
it just says I love your vlogs and make
out videos you're so beautiful thank you
so much that's such a cool little bit
big to see me
me and Amy should definitely use that
what do you think Louis do you approve
yeah what are you doing got something
from covergirl and my pure box it looks
like a new foundation you wanna help me
open it rip it rip it rip it get it get
it go on yeah you know one help me help
me yeah they're probably not the best
helmet to be teaching them help me I
know you can do it because you've done
it without my permission
you think we can eat it now what are you
doing so this is the foundation let me
know if you guys have tried it let me
know if it's good it's called the it
stay luminous foundation which sounds
like something I would like and they
sent me shade eight water hopefully it
matches it looks quite tan got some
really cool art oh my god Louie no don't
this is from Emily and she said I hope
you like this cartoon um excuse me
Chloe if most of you and Hamish it's
really cool I like the watercolors so
cool thank you so much Lew and Zeus are
barking I also got this really nice pad
oh my god they will not stop barking Oh
find something you love to do and do it
every day
I like that I got this really lovely
litter from Kara from the long dong
probably pronounce that wrong I'm gone
is it how you do it
yes raelia and she sent me all of these
photos which I haven't looked at yet a
little um like riding on the back look
at this just stuff it like her is that
her new partner yeah oh my gosh
I like making handmade cards or special
times of the year all it's so cool I
made this my boyfriend's birthday this
year because we love interested letters
I thought you'd appreciate it heck yeah
but want to have a look she made these
as well for an assignment it really
pretty I've got a whole bag of letters
here which I will read well I've already
read a couple of them but I'll read some
more tomorrow because I want to give
them my full attention but I've read a
couple and I think I need to go check my
pair of box again tomorrow because
there's probably more stuff in there so
I've been shaped in like a week or two
so it is now almost 10 o'clock so I'm
going to say goodnight now you guys
enjoyed today's vlog sorry that was a
lot of mail I think tomorrow I'm going
to go get another blood test and I need
to get another b12 soon as well so that
should be interesting talk to you
tomorrow bye
