what are you doing good morning everyone
I've done my makeup and Sam and Hamish
is heading out we're gonna try and go to
the markets this morning but I'm not
sure what time they finish its 949 at
the moment so hopefully they're still
going I still make it really basic today
I've just got powder on cement powder
foundation on some banana powder into my
eyes mascara and lip pencil and then the
Tarte show stop a disc on my cheeks yeah
see what happens I don't know what we're
doing that is very sweet dog so just
wait and visited Hamish his parents for
a while just caught up with them and
it's now 11 we've definitely missed the
markets now we just ran a sauce out way
to go to eat
we're either gonna go to Joseph's
kitchen we should move it we've never
been to before but apparently it's
really nice I've got good solids and
stuff our houses cafe Esplanade which
we've been to before which is really
nice outdoor sitting or there's
rendezvous or there is cafe brie which
we haven't been to before we don't know
if it's open that yeah that's what
and at the moment quite hungry I didn't
have anything to bring us today look at
that bad he's gonna forget pretty bro
Jesus stop he's got a brake roll and
they're all chasing they like share it
with me cuz oh bitches get money
should I stay out here
someone put a bottle of just washing
liquid in that pool the other day we
went off raffia metal like drain it was
quite funny so pretty active there we go
kind of hard to say this is something I
don't often do okay got a milkshake
I got banana and Hamish got chocolate is
it okay don't ask meet him sorry yeah I
should have got you vanilla I wanted to
try vanilla I love banana he's gonna be
like selfish and say oh I'll just get a
vanilla because I wanted to try baby
screen
I know hello
yeah yeah we bought this bubblegum car
freshener and I know it's gonna smell it
so like over the top sweet and terrible
let's have a look it was
oh gods and teams on your so at the
moment in green ribbon and stapled a
house which is super exciting so I'm
just gonna go visit theme I probably
won't blog it just cuz it's not my house
if it's our friend
well hey measures brothers
but your brother's huh what is all of us
a presence like at this disease state
brother Saul who Ben was my friend
before I was friends with you he has
much dear brother for hours yeah but he
is my face face bag yeah okay so say
there's you and Kelly and your good
friends we hang out all the time and the
encounter introduces you to Tiffany and
then you start hanging out with Tiffany
without Kelly that person will get
 off Kelly we can off I'm
not saying Kelly I mean this is just
that girls are my true that my why the
 we take a bad man it's like we're
friends that I introduced you to swing
shopping as well I mean so we have sales
and plans and all
I got a purple conditioner too which
I'll show you yeah don't you in a bit
so these are the two plants they got
clear all that shut off and then put it
up by the windscreen wonder finishes I
got this for when I go on bike rides cuz
my hands get real so they put this a toy
and the treats and another toy and one
tablet Louie and then this is the blonde
conditioner go and try a blonde
conditioners of Blum shampoo and it's
the fudge brain I like the shampoo
version so hopefully this is good let's
see how dark it is see is not that
purple
it smells dark hopefully it works well
though he's who's getting a haircut it's
you not you of whom you're taking off
your pants go
he popped on women's legs and we haven't
finished his face we have it on his
belly
but the reason we did I knows it'll be
like why are you doing this on the liner
and it's because it sways there to clear
an off the carpet we have discovered
because we've done it on both but it's
so much easier to vacuum it off the
carpet with like the new vacuum cleaner
we have it's like got the spinny thing
niggas money look we're bribing him I'm
gonna get this bottom salad first
vegetable salad with ridiculous devices
I don't think I said they're right
PETA costly those walnuts olives
cocktail YUM
Brown - time to do the legs no take you
you little faces I die you look so
handsome he's love with Pat chicas was
difficult to do his feet he didn't like
his legs being done well his feet
especially so if you know an easy tips I
think I might be because like I reminds
him of when he ate like Pavel or
something and they shaved his league who
gets really scared about it I don't know
it's pretty like 958 it's a good time
let's go then
come on let's go hey guys I'm in beard
now I just washed my face that's like 10
something we're gonna go to bed soon
we're just gonna watch it an episode of
something on Netflix and they need to
sleep I think tomorrow we're gonna go
play golf I don't know I feel like my
vlogs are so routine now it's the same
stuff every week but I guess those who
don't like it don't have to watch it
right cuz I have seen like lots of your
comments saying that you really like it
like a good you know just wind down kind
of video to watch so I'm glad like a lot
of you find them good to watch it makes
me happy knowing that yeah I also feel
bad for some people they expect me to
have like this rowdy Aires lifestyle
where I'm like you know doing all these
exciting things 24/7 I feel like I do a
lot of exciting things in my life and
it's really fun and I like it but lately
it's just been so routine and I've also
been loving there it's just so nice just
to be like predictable I guess I don't
know late night folks
/ it's not really like night is it yeah
um I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
and I'll talk to you tomorrow bye good
money everyone that hit a shower sunny
day today building Tynes day hammers
just make me breakfast YUM these male
assistants matters and olive oil and
scrambled eggs look how funny this looks
his legs are so raggedy
my little cutie piggy you be so happy
though with all that fur gone he's
probably a good kilo lighter yeah look
how good that looks
maybe you do
hey alright here's my makeup of the day
it's really simple I kind of rushed
because we're about to leave I just did
like one color all over my lids and then
stuffing lipstick both from my BH
Cosmetics palette my under eye area was
a little bit too yellow but well then my
mascara is the remarkable Mike Jacobs
mascara it's a word that I like these
but I don't really like peanuts
I don't know wear it out a little golf
club really good play 18 holes I've
never done 18 holes before just nine
holes takes like three or four hours so
this should be interesting
I'm gonna time out on my foot bed show
you how long it takes afterwards we're
on our teeth hole now so we've done the
first nine Hallstein but really fun I'm
not doing too badly I'll show you my
school cut at the very end just like I'm
obviously not good I'm really not good I
can't do a full swing and they do like a
half swing so that's my new practice my
go the like the driving range is like
doing a full swing instead of just like
my little half-assed ones I'm really bad
at like I'm just adding cars so I don't
do it in Keene
I just been a plank like it's not half
hours six hours 33 minutes you probably
can't read that in the title pretty
terrible but I am terrible so there you
go okay I'll get rid of there so now at
least I know how much I get for like
this many holes and next time I'll try
to get it for now
my eyes are so dry she's been watching X
on the beach it's so funny and so tragic
don't get it when one of the girls is
like you know a greater X for like
moving on I'm like who's your it just
confuses me anyways I'm gonna say
goodnight now
that friggin gold took it out of me I'm
so lemon tired it was a long long a long
game it was really fun
I really liked I'm surprised I didn't
need a golf car I was thinking about it
but it was good game my steps and have
you guys enjoyed today's vlog I'll talk
tomorrow
