hey everyone so it is Thursday and today
I woke up and my foot was then like
excruciating pain well it was the last
night as well but I didn't tell you guys
because I painkillers I couldn't feel
anything after a while this morning my
foots like just infected and saw and
yeah so I didn't go to the gym I just
got back I just did a bunch of work and
we're gonna get rid of you and go to
Wellington for the day because I just
feel like it so yeah that's our plan and
then tomorrow my film I just feel so
soaring like Tai and blah so I really
want to film today I did some editing so
that's the plan I think I might feel
make a treaty with me like a while I do
my makeup just a really fast quick easy
look because we makeup of the day this
lipstick is billing by Wednesday I love
it and I'm using that top showstopper
palette then six and skinny brush
mascara the same to hold my eyes or your
bra plumper you'll see a video maybe I
don't know if I'll put it up because
it's very simple
just like you get rid with me in my hair
as well which is just like a ponytail
anyway so I don't know
we're in a little hot and that took two
hours 30 minutes took forever there was
like so much traffic so we're just gonna
hit in I'm not gonna set my camera with
me I'm just going to be vlogging a
little bit I'm just going to show you
later on tonight once we get home what
ends up here if I got anything at all
I'll talk to you guys in a bit
so it's now 5:02 p.m. and we just
finished up by too much I want some like
basics from Sucre and Hamish brought me
some jewelry for Valentine's Day we're
gonna go back to Tommy now and then go
straight to dinner and they go the
movies I think we're going to still see
Zoolander 2 so that's the plan we made a
few subscribers and people that watch my
videos and stuff as well today like
literally little bit literally falling
asleep right now
like I'm so it's all staged I don't know
why I'm just pooped to be honest we like
to this other turn driving home and oh
my gosh the beer we're in the middle of
nowhere where so I think I don't know if
you guys really get how high up we show
them the fiends look down there of the
little shit we should've stopped I've
been to the end yeah being here I
remember taking photos eight years ago
it's like an actual lookout point people
like come and drive to you know take
yeah it's really pretty though it's a
little bit scary to drive around I'm
feeling a little bit dodgy but it's like
a little stuck fiends yeah my gosh
there's no railing here just honestly if
you fell asleep here you'd be dead he's
so many psych I can see why cyclists do
this track of a really nice trick uncle
be a bit scary though Allu shit
this is deep-fried cream cheese I mean
the cream cheese of course use cream
cheese I think I got the malai kofta
garlic naan what you get count from the
dress check on the dress is it something
else just my lipsticks on still just now
we're rushing to the movies if we make
it within the next like three minutes
so he goes real and otherwise we're
gonna go see what's have on booked the
finest hour
so ugly guys no later on tonight what we
ended up seeing him what it was like I'm
so full I was like lay hungry like
stopping and then I ate too much and now
I feel too full so hungry I was way
hurting too much hungry so I just got
out of wait what was it called the fine
finest hours
yeah we just got out of it I just wish
Oh
10:30 got her now it was really good I
really liked it I thought that last
story was very pointless in it but it's
fine it's only because the check seemed
kind of crazy though she was full on it
yeah but I was like a really good movie
basically we don't know what it's about
it's about a ship I'm not ruining it a
ship like it's a terrible terrible with
that and the ship breaks and then people
have to go and try rescue everyone so
yeah it's just like a survival kind of
movie but it's really good yeah it's
very suspenseful yeah like it's good I
liked it a lot so I'm glad we saw that
we were too late for zealander Zoolander
was kind of like been and gone but we
even forgot our movie tickets not really
it was just a massive line at the
theater because was a deep pools yeah
there was so many people at the movies
it was crazy like crazy crazy anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed today's look and
I'll talk to her good morning I'm having
a very lazy day today I woke up and I
was intending to go to the gym in Lee
and how much it's kind of like you're
gonna hurt your foot more it feels a lot
better today because I got some ointment
from the chemistry so when we run
Wellington and put that on but yeah it's
still like an open wound just so I was
like yeah you're probably right
I don't want to be out all weekend
because we want to do some fun stuff on
the weekend and hopefully do some
exercise and stuff so today I'm just
chilling just take a shower I brushed my
teeth which I just realized means I
can't eat yyx it'll taste like poop so
that it's cool I have some mail I'm not
gonna film today because I got some
Emacs
does he mind because I got some emails
this morning about some stuff that
you're really excited and coming soon
that I'm going to work on on the
computer instead and social media and
stuff so I'm going to do that today
instead of filming
I've got a video I want to film on
Monday for sure so let me show you what
mail I got I wait there might be some
mail at the front door as well okay so a
really exciting pellet just arrived okay
so something really exciting to strike
so
I'm gonna go film now I'll show you my
makeup I mean my makeup I'll show you my
packages afterwards hi guys so I did my
makeup do you like it it's kind of bad
lighting it's like a soft bronze smokey
eye different makeup filmed it did some
photos did some stuff did some social
media stuff just did lots of organizing
stuff organizing stuff for other stuff
just lots of stuff and now I'm going to
some lunch it's 1:30 and then my video
be up at like 2:00 and then Watney I'll
show you whatever like I'll show you my
packages in a bit that's so much stuff
to do all of a sudden so much for a lazy
day right get that bug look at the bug
what are you doing why are you doing me
hi I missed you did you miss me look at
that seems to be a little collection of
shoes hmm one day we did there huh so I
got some mail from this place
oh gee eggs I think is the branch oh
just open everything look how cute this
is badass hair day and then it sees me
coconut milk conditioner and a shampoo
healing and vitamin chambers and one
more thing I think a hydrating macadamia
oil mask thank you so much - Oh GX I
don't know if that's how you pronounce
it and then I got a little package from
benefits please just state the area's
partner-in-crime
their wrote in supreme' and they're real
which I've tried the tinted primer it's
really nice it's like a really pretty
like natural across you can use it as a
primer but you can wear it alone I've
worn it alone before hell yeah they
actually emailed me and asked me for my
size and this will be why thank you so
much benefit differently check out this
product I think it's really nice
especially I feel the kind of person
that likes a natural look or if you like
a super dramatic look either way so got
a lipstick from Karen Bureau says shade
12 rumba rhythm rumba rhythm maybe it's
a really really nice rich true read in
the last package I
here is from style hole they sent me a
bunch of the new drink velvet
foundations and the little sponges as
well look excuse me excuse me
so this would be fun to try let me know
if you want any kind of like fist
impression or anything I don't know no
show you what Hamish got me from Penn
droids these are the crumbs all over the
bench oh they need to wipe it down soon
just had to move all of these packages
first or he got me a couple of channels
from Pandora I went with him because
basically he read he guessed what he was
getting for though unties day because
it's something he's been asking for it's
not here yet it's on its way I was like
damn it so I went with him and he chose
them I gave no importa to say I like
them but I pretty much like every single
thing that he chose anyway so the charm
to come like this I'm actually exists
look what he got me it's a little piglet
the bar I think it was for one of the
Chinese New Year's or something I
remember what the ladies did and then
this one is like a really sparkly one
with love hearts in it
I love them so much I can't wait to put
them on my bracelet I'll definitely do
that soon I actually want to like clean
my bracelet first so I might clean up
before I put the bomb and then because
he spent a certain amount you've got a
free um like travel jewelry box which is
actually a really cool idea it although
it's a little bit heavy I was think
you'd be really good for taking me with
me like overseas but even if I just go
like walk alone and stuff I'll
definitely use this because sometimes I
take all of my jewelry in like a clutch
and it gets all tangled there's like a
little removable bit here and then
there's like a little bit of bracelet
and they all come out and then there's
little slots for like rings and stuff I
think on the other side of this so that
you can put your rings in there as well
so I thought that was so cute and then I
bought myself was some stuff wants to
pray these are like literally oldest
basics
I've I like so many basics from serpro
because I get you know a fake tan on my
clothes eventually and makeup and stains
and I just don't like spending lots on
basics so just got hits of basic
singlets and t-shirts I really like the
fabric it feels really nice and soft and
then the only other thing I got was the
streets I've got the white version and I
love it there's it's basically just a
ruse trace it reminds me a lot of like
the kooky clothing but yeah that's what
I got
so I did an Instagram announcing my
palette today like this is what I did
the makeup tutorial with today and what
I've been using on my eyes like tons
lately when I said I haven't been able
to tell you what was on my eyes so I
thought I would just show you as well so
it's double sided I'm gonna film a video
on Monday about it more in depth but his
lowest name peak but my vlog of you is
even though by the time you see this
vlog maybe I've already talked about it
a bit more Sean but videos photos you
know what I'm saying sorry there's some
of the I show colors they're very
pigmented this is obviously anyone I've
had like about eight different ones that
I've been using and that's the lipstick
that's on my lips see I'm so proud of it
and I'll put a link down below where you
can sign up your email and as soon as
there's like details on when it's gonna
be released you get an email sent to you
so you can go buy it so yeah
sign ups that link down below otherwise
yeah if the video of me is watching the
shades and everything is already out
I'll link it down below as well
otherwise keep an eye out because it
will be out very soon so it's the
afternoon you have my head on and we're
just gonna go play some golf it's such a
nice day
looking what you get have a little bit
of exercise in just like a little bit of
you know walking around swing in the
club thingy what do they cool down even
though because I'm great gym this point
bit guy what's the time it's 4:30
see what edge of this for a few hours I
don't know what we'll do so I probably
just a virtual one I've got like it kill
it hit it right now I think I'm
dehydrated so I'm gonna drink some good
water good water just some water I can't
even think right I'm just so tired and
hot and I really like my brows right now
by the way the highlight I'm wearing
right now is one of the eye shows from
my BH Cosmetics pellet multi put this
one so it is now later and we got skin
this Turkish food for dinner because I'm
tired and I still feel really sick she's
got like a permanent headache it's not
going away I've drunk all the loads of
water too but lucky oh here yeah
falafel
what they should change the name to the
Washington breadstix watching the master
of none
I didn't like the first episode much but
it's actually pretty good
sure a random but it's really
interesting to watch we're going to
sleep soon so good luck now I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog talk to you
tomorrow bye
