everyone my skin is freaking out still I
put like t3 alone last night as long so
hopefully it stops to like go down it's
so swollen it saw what happen there so
it's Tuesday just mean to the gym and I
just did cardio I did some running pal
King and cross train and just really
simple I'm quite tired you couldn't tell
by my voice I woke up at 8:00 Oh Stephen
30 and then slit too late
oh no I'm just tired as this means to be
really nice to Italy that's not notice
mean how much might go for a bike ride
again later
didn't test out those new handle grips
and the new suit and everything and
today I'm going to first have a shower
because I am incredibly sweaty if you
couldn't tell and then I'm gonna do some
editing I've got tons and tons of videos
I want to get it at it so yeah that's my
plan it's really nice like knowing that
I don't have to travel anywhere like in
the immediate future not to like May so
I'm not like stressing out about pre
filming and editing like shit tons I'm
just kind of like doing it in a normal
person's pace it's really nice and today
or tomorrow I might start cleaning out
my foot we were a little bit more iced
have not been bothered to do it like I
just cannot be bothered but I really
need to do it so I can fill my makeup
collection because people are waiting
for it to wait until I'm feeling
inspired they haven't like got it
exactly how I want it yet so I need to
like just put everything away make sure
I'm satisfied and even film it I was
planning on doing it like last month but
it just his nor happened
that tastes very good green stuff fish
hmm it's not too bad
try trick myself into liking it by the
way we've run out of spinach and all
sorts of veggies so probably should go
grocery shopping today because I've got
no like green stuff in my smoothie
that's why I did so much good green
stuff she's been leading my hair like
sit in my towel oh my gosh it feels so
nice and smooth
I'm just gonna let it dry for a bit I'm
just gonna make some lunch now it is
almost 1 o'clock how it is almost 1
o'clock I do not know if it is a vlog in
1 B 2 video so far I'm gonna eat another
beauty video and then just either clean
my room will do something like that I
think my drama my hill is so weird
so I'm currently editing and makeup chit
chat get ready with me video I just
finished editing some what are these
cold thumbnails as well so I've got a
first impression makeup tutorial and I
have at this kit one day let's watch
video and then this was my vlog
thumbnail of the day so I think I'm
gonna eat it up this chit check it
really with me I'll show you the final
look this is an arrow house with a with
a little bit of footage I think it looks
so cool yeah I'm gonna eat up this now
and then I go grab a few groceries
I hid some leftovers for today we're
about to go on a bike ride in a little
bit but I got some mails I'll show you
what's inside quickly so I got sent the
new contour shades by makeup geek I got
the shade I got a cool fair shade in a
warm fair shade I believe so I hope
those two that and then I also got some
Zala I'm clipping ponytail extensions
I'm so excited
hey guys so it's now what's the time
about nine o'clock had a shower me and
Hamish me out after Jaya I say leftovers
and we went for a bike ride
except Hamish is tire popped halfway on
the way back we did the same kind of
life again we went from one side of
Palmerston North to the other excuse me
yeah halfway you're on the way back
the tyre pop so we walked out by stake
so it took us about two and a half hours
total but amazing exercise so we've got
hips and years of biking in and it was
also like an event all I could like it
looked like some kind of race or
something I know hates people running
everywhere so we had to bike home like
the hot out grassy dirt rock areas and
it made my heart rate skyrocket for a
while there so it was a really good
workouts afternoon now I just like beer
we're gonna watch some TV or something
I think sleep no idea what my plans are
for tomorrow don't know if I want to
film or if I want to it it's more so I'm
just going to decide when I wake up I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I'll talk to you mark your money so wait
what day is that Wednesday it's
Wednesday we just got back from the
German it's 10 past 10 just did some
more cardio again so same things
yesterday pretty much I've got like
really bad blisters from the walk
yesterday because when the bike pop I
speedily I wasn't wearing my good
walking shoes let's just wearing like
normal sneakers so I got blisters so I
think I'm gonna have some cereal for
breakfast because I feel like having
cereal I don't know why I just do and
then I think I might just do a couple of
things on your on my computer and then
I'm gonna decide if I need I mean not to
the side of my nature decide I want to
film today I kind of want to film a
great couple other things have to do
first so to see how I go otherwise I'm
gonna film tomorrow instead I look like
I've got like no fake tan or not at the
moment I don't know we'll see I think
I'm gonna mix these two together
hi okay you do the most handsomest dogs
in the whole world
hey you need a bother you're turning it
a little bit yellow he put beef I got
some mail so show you quickly it's
something from trilogy and something
from go super food so trilogy sent me
some words hurt oiled it says hi shine a
bit of a top up of the amazing a trilogy
certified organic rose hip oil for you
to continue enjoying sing out you know
but it's so nice
maybe they saw my empties video I'm
pretty sure I put a moment this video
and then go super virgin sent me this
organic camu camu powder which I have no
idea here we go antioxidant rich berry
from the Amazon that contains high
levels of naturally occurring vitamin C
maybe I can try it in my smoothies or
something since it's good edit into
smoothies juice water or yogurt so just
for my work I had a shower and
everything if you notice I've been
wearing this like all the freakin time
I'm obsessed with it and it is now 10 to
12 this lighting is really unflattering
it's now 10 to 12 so I was gonna film
because I still have time I don't have
to leave because I mean my nails done
today I don't have to leave until about
2:30 but I was gonna do like a fist
impression and it's kind of too late to
do a first impression now like ideally I
want to be doing a fist impression it
like 11:00 a.m. so I think I might film
tomorrow and today I'll just start doing
some cleaning and stuff out pantry is so
messy I need to organize the pantry I
need to clean up my Beauty room as I see
it for that um what is it called makeup
collection video got some emails today
I've got some thumbnails to do and I
need it a vlog so I think I'm just gonna
like pick away at these little tasks
today took a little bit more of a chill
day today and then film some more stuff
tomorrow but a couple videos I want to
work on so by the way I have a plaster
on my finger cuz my nail broke so it's
just kind of there so I don't like bend
it backwards and snap it off it looks so
red right now oh it's really really
really hot see you you cold
you're so weird
I don't know how you can be cold on a
day like this it's freakin hot alright
so here's the situation with our pantry
right now as you can see in here is
absolutely hectic so I'm gonna tidy it
up quickly and then after this I'm gonna
do small emails and then clean start
cleaning up my own filming room and I
think I'll do a vlog once I get home
tonight before we have dinner and stuff
just give me the treat look at all those
treats so spoiled
I mean to have some avocado and tomato
and toast but my avocados are like a
rock-hard so I've got them sitting my
fruit ball I'm having a protein smoothie
shake thing for lunch set perch and I
showed you the other day what's the
brand protein world or something and
then some blueberry is a whole banana in
some water tastes really great tastes
like blueberry yogurt I was just gonna
have like one piece of toast no because
I'm really not that hungry I just want
to eat something so I want to skip lunch
it's actually almost 2 o'clock so the
station works well because it's not
gonna be too intense or me I'm off to my
nail appointment really soon so I'm just
kind of finishing off the pantry and
then doing that I've started is hang a
blog I'm kind of all over the show today
I've also been doing some like XO Beauty
work and stuff like I just feel really
flustered right now because I'm just
doing this set and everything at once
and I'm not just doing one thing at a
time and it's striving me mad I don't
know what I'm doing with my life
all right so this is gonna do for now
because these are the like shelves we
use most frequently I still got like
these two shelves down the bottom which
have like seasonings and just backup
stuff like I'm a milk and porridge and
drinks and tissues and all sorts of
stuff like baking stuff I'm gonna tidy
up these ones later because these are
not shelves we use all the time and
these were the shelves particularly this
one that would drive us and nuts so come
I could do that another day I just want
to kind of move on from those tasks so
I've done all of our canned stuff down
here apart from some like fruit up here
so I got fruit there and some pasta
sauce down here I've got like hey mr.
salmon beetroot baked beans spaghetti
lots of tomatoes and lots of chickpeas
and just put some pieces like that in
there
we've got all of our nuts and snacks so
like crust kits and things and then all
about breakfast cereal and eggs up here
a bunch of mine and Hamish is like
vitamins and like here's some
supplements and stuff and then I've got
all of my teas coffees should sorry my
memory card just got really full anyways
I've got teas and stuff over here coffee
as I see a pasta sauce and can't really
use canned fruit that often so that's
just then this looks good too and then
up here we've got some breakfast spreads
because we don't really use those often
either like I don't know why I separated
them interested and then back here we've
got like just
days of stuff like the cashews soups
cooking paste stir fry paste cheese
sauce some pasta and here is just some
extra snacks and then at the top out all
of our like stuff we don't really use
very often so like rice and pasta crack
is that haven't been opened there's some
chips up there noodles just put some
pieces like that so pretty much the shop
is like what we would use them most
often and then all of the teas and stuff
we use quite often that kind of stuff we
use quite often I've got my like
smoothies stuff in the back there as
well and then everything else we don't
really use that often I mean down here I
just need like organize it all what I
want to do when I have time is actually
take all of it out and give away you
need like duplicate spices to like
family or something because I've got so
many of the same spices over and over
again so I need to organize all of that
up it's so far so good
I think that's a good job for now now
I'm gonna go eat at my blog we'll finish
it in my vlog and then off to get my
nails done I just got home it's 5:09 and
I'm gonna finish using this blog is my
nails I'm obsessed I got them a more
like oval kind of shape this time so
cute I love the hot pink and then
glitter now so I was intending to make
some kind of like stir fry things for
dinner but it's kind of gotten late it's
already seven o'clock I gotta go for a
walk soon so I'm just chucking this and
a pot I'm gonna heat this up for dinner
Lily because it is is it super hot this
is not for you sorry Lily would you like
to go for a walk let's go get mine
look have you only just understood come
on we're just taking the dog for a walk
it's like 8 o'clock it's really nice
time to go I like it's a really good
temperature right now it's still warm
but not too hot like it was billion suns
time to go down hey so this is very
start to go to work as you can tell Lily
Rosie
duck down this Lily come on okay come on
you may run down this hill I always get
her like it's like I gave it a go but
it's too cold
I'm done your faded cold come on in
was it worth it
like if I speak so grab me
we can hear baby birds in here let me
just move on that no I think it was dust
or buckle something like in front of the
lens there's definitely something in
there though
it's like croaking but it sounds British
oh this is the nanny aim for insulin
we'll say something out of Nadia
we just watched Zoolander because Hamish
wants to go see the new one tomorrow so
I think we'll do that tomorrow night
again I just watched the best one cuz I
never seen the whole thing I've only
ever seen like a little snippets of it
so you can you a sure lot so that'll be
something fun to do tomorrow though he's
so tired tonight he's so cute
anyway I'm gonna say goodnight now I
hope you guys enjoy today's vlog know
what to mark I
