this is a hangover food of choice today
why just think what cuz he still loses
toilet time don't you cuz you're greedy
you go no he doesn't want anyway
he wants food do you want food yeah
Hamish is trying to win poor apoyo
against people in Japan but no one's on
at this time of day we're gonna go play
golf soon I was made to get my nails
done today but I'm hungover
so I decided there is probably not the
best idea boy John sternly good morning
everyone so it is Monday morning and I'm
just doing a vlog now I have to
apologize because last night I left my
camera at my friend's car so he was nice
enough to drop it off to me this morning
thank goodness I can continue my vlogs
but that's what happened yesterday so
much last night / whatever so even even
she had to do anything my skin is it
breaking out like a mother effer so I've
got my Eisenberg mask on what's going on
here I was so exhausted last night after
all that golf and everything I just like
went to sleep early it was a really
boring afternoon but good at the same
time because I realized anyways today's
Monday it's a public holidays
Waitangi weekend I think is what it's
called it's not Waitangi day today but
we've got the public holiday today
I'm just saying off my day by finishing
off some work so hopefully later I can
have some time off I've just got a edit
this video for sponsorship I'm doing and
then I might do a vlog too depending on
how I feel because I kind of just want
to get outside and do some exercise was
something coming into the gym cuz
hopefully I mean Hema should get outside
and do something later
whether it be golf or like go on a walk
or something you know
um there's no mail to show you because
the mail services aren't working today
I love this face much so much I'll show
you what I'm into taking now might even
be out by the time you see this video
this vlog I don't know I'm like a week
behind my vlogs at the moment because of
all the stuff that's been going on and
work and stuff that's what I'm working
on doing the little voiceover at the
moment by the way if you're wondering
this is the blue snowball it's just the
pink one lots of people ask me what
microphone I use so that is that I talk
to you a little bit later when I've
actually done something fun to vlog what
does he got
what's that he's like oh I've been
caught what's that what's that hmm
what's that he knows
which is gonna joke the coach Walker but
I may not get to hear me super windy
well there was a fail we got out to the
side and it said no dogs whatsoever
because they use poison for the pest so
we're going to hit them just to the
brown retreat now down by the river
understood is I think they were very
much looking forward to a walk so that
really sucks so me and Hamish will just
have to go back another day but I just
don't want to risk a like we thought
about keeping them on the leash but
there's no dogs not just like keep your
dogs on the leash so I okay there must
be poison like all over the show
so we just finished our Walker took an
hour so now we're going to drive home
and then I'm gonna have a quick shower
because I have an issue I you and then I
think men headed back into town grab
some lunch and I've got to get some new
groups for my bike because mine are
really really solid and they hurt my
hands when we go for a long like to our
bike ride so I wanna get some new ones
and the seat is really uncomfortable
talking about it don't think we gotta be
able to find a comfy one like the one
I've got on my bike now is Hamish the
old one has real squishy but like every
time we try and find and you see this so
solid and they just hurt my butt's so
bad we're at cafe cube and I got my
favorite smoothie of all time it's a
feature smoothie at soda it's got like
honey down the sides nachos and corn
fritters how good does that look
smoothie it's a bike fun finger please
seat cover things
so hopefully they're good and then I got
new Crips as well
someone sent me this picture on my
shinik so page on Facebook
I am freaking it dying Thank You henna
for sharing with me
holy this is the best thing I've
seen all day oh my God look there's
little sunglasses like yeah that's me
he's sunbathing you look very majestic
is that what you were going for you
tired from your walk this morning when
Manish came in from lunch and everything
they were both like conked out asleep in
their beds it was so funny you look so
fancy give your belly scratch
he's a bit halt if he couldn't tell his
belly needs a shave I wonder why my
camera will be fixed they're taking a
very long time to fix it Hamish Hamish
is just browsing what are you doing
you're very strong
oh you've got a Twitter can I have a gin
no please Lily you've got one did he
take your tweet we put in you do makeup
I wonder be it it's got like a text you
toilet it's kind of hard to say and then
we've got light dark sheets on I think
it looks really nice and I did the
little trick where you put clear nail
polish over the button so they don't pop
off so we just letting it dry it's a
tiger in curry for dinner
YUM no not for you Louise falling asleep
on my own I'm gonna say goodnight now
cuz I'm no doubt gonna fall asleep in a
minute I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog no torture tomorrow I
