everyone so it's Friday I have no idea
what I want to do today I think I might
film I've been getting so many like
messages and comments and stuff asking
me to do a tutorial on like that kind of
it every day go to makeup look I've been
wearing lately
just like the really soft natural kind
of smoky eyes and like sometimes I wear
eyeliner with it sometimes eidart I took
photos when I was in Auckland I'm seeing
my side and everything put them on
Instagram it was like the movies I hate
for it to turn so long but it's also so
simple I'm just so torn about it so I
might do like a first impression and
then just do a really quick everyday
makeup routine maybe a lip swatch video
I don't even know
I just felt like filming I think I just
got it from the gym I had a really good
work I did half an hour unlike a
simulated Trek thing on the cross
trainer I figured out how to do it at
the gym and its really good because it's
kind of like super hot and you go like
high up a hill and then you car like
level and then you go high up a hill
again and then you go down a bit at the
resistance I mean like it simulates like
going on a hike and it works me out so
well because it's like keeping my body
unexpected I mean I can't even think I'm
so tired I mean I did some squats with
the kid wall that cable swing squat
things and I did lunges which holy
lunges are sort of hard I always avoid
them because I'm really bad when I find
them so hard but also that it's a good
thing because I mean say I'm working out
my body well you know just finished off
with a power walk
I mean cooled down a flip and Here I am
I need to wash my hair so what I'm going
to do is wash my hair first come back
make a smoothie for breakfast drama here
and start filming and then this
afternoon I might eat it a video or two
I've got all my videos sorted for
obviously today and Monday
Monday's a public holiday so I'm going
to try and just have the day off there's
some friends visiting Palmerston North
so I might edit the description of
Monday's video and it is a couple of
logs so that I can have some time off
this weekend and not like just sort of
my computer editing and filming and
everything we'll see what happens
effect and I put on some I'll track by
Lovington I've got on this night Ethan
hates Ali bought me ages ago just allow
my fake tan kind of dries it's super
like techie at the moment this is so hot
here so it's insane it doesn't usually
take too long so I'm gonna make my
smoothie dry my hair and then start
filming I feel
like a really simple smoothie saying
maybe I'll make one of those coffee ones
so I filmed my makeup like my daily
makeup look I changed up the lip color
and first impression as well on a Tom
Ford Foundation it is almost 1 o'clock
so I'm just going to snack and then I'm
gonna go back and film one more video a
lip swatch video so yeah stay tuned for
this entire look
I'm feeling really out of it right now
like I feel a little bit stressed but I
don't know why maybe a little bit
anxious I don't know it's weird I mean
there's nothing I'll feel better once I
get a say because I think I'm just
stressing out about getting everything
done so I don't have to do anything on
Monday but if I have to work on Monday
I'll just work on Monday it's fine but
hopefully I won't have to so I finished
up work for the afternoon me and Hamish
just took the dogs for a half-hour walk
for a minute walk peeled off my father
sees it and all of my Island is running
everywhere what really a favor and stuff
my eyes Roy cute so today I was like the
worst day to do liquid eyeliner oh well
I'm just kind of like slightly tightened
up it's still kind of everywhere but I
just cannot be bothered dealing with it
so I'm ignoring it importuning it didn't
happen so we're going off to play some
what's it called it's not golf it's like
going to the driving range driving range
we're going to the driving range and
then man how much might go out with
somewhere for dinner tonight and then
just very late tonight or I'm not quite
sure we do have friends here don't know
if we feel like doing anything intense
though just alright you know what I mean
we'll just lightly I don't know what's
happening go with the flow I've been
eating lunch and it is 5:30 so I'm
taking this on the go with me
they try and hit this island
oh those friends now 7:30 we were gonna
do drinks tonight but I think everyone
wants to drink tomorrow so me and Hamish
like I think some people are having
casual drinks that we're just like yeah
people we're just gonna probably watch
some Netflix and chill tonight or
Netflix and chill gotta finish off my
first impression I am so hot in this
video a like my face is switching is
ridiculously it like I feel like it's
much humidity everything today tomorrow
morning we might go just me there's
something I'm not quite sure what we do
yet but I'll vlog tomorrow I think I'm
just gonna in my vlog here cuz I'm
feeling a little bit blah a little bit
tired hope you guys enjoyed you know
till tomorrow Hey hey everyone it's
Saturday and we're going to golf this is
my outfit this top has surprise it's
just a crop top and this is from fervent
you like a little high-waisted denim
skirt mm-hmm losing my voice on my lips
is the orange mood Mitchell you know the
like bottom things that I've talked
about before then the Tarte discs on my
cheeks and then Charlotte Tilbury what's
a cool mascara and then my foundation is
Tom Ford traceless the one that is your
first impression honest I really like it
it's a oh we're just still getting
ourselves organized and hitting off I'm
not sure what golf course we're going to
I think maybe all the indoor again yeah
keep you updated hello my legs my bum
hurt like a fing crazy from doing those
lunges yesterday every time I take a
step and my bum like scrunches up it's
like tie and soul at least I know if I
worked out my ass yes this is the vegan
pie the music
being vegan pipes so good second time
I've had it we're going to space a old
house we just finished got decent hey I
gave him a treat we just charging up the
ghost boards everyone's coming on this
soon and I just uploaded and you have a
log where is it while I wait to pay
everyone to come over so tonight I would
send me some casual drinks in the Sun
5:30 but it's super sunny today and my
dogs like try some he's fine you say
where he jumps up in time and then runs
away tickle pit bull no tension look I
am one's got a pit bull on her wound on
purple nine right yeah I look up yeah
got it I was terrible with that I'm
gonna lie
