good money so I woke up like 40 minutes
ago - I had to my makeup I just did
simple makeup mascara contouring blush
highlight foundation powder apply
mascara but it only took me like 10 15
minutes and it was great got dressed I
am so hungry so I'm gonna go make some
breakfast no bitch got a flight to catch
to Auckland I'm going to meet Sally I'm
so excited
basically I heard about this um new hair
treatment it's called the pro fibre I
think by L'Oreal you get it done it's a
lot and so I'm hitting up talkin to go
to a salon I'm pretty sure that the
salon has called wolf and Wolf but I
vlog it I think most of my blog today
wind up being in Auckland because I'm
going for like literally much today I
think I get home at like 6 something
tonight but yeah I'm so excited Sally
I'm pretty sure she's getting a
treatment done as well so definitely let
you guys know what I think of it and
like I'll show you the process and
everything in case if your interest is
just something a bit different from my
vlog today
sorry if I sound croaky I'm a bit tired
obviously my hair is blonde um so I have
a few issues here in there with my hair
blonde hair tends to be quite like dry
sometimes overworked damaged my hair's
getting a little bit better but I still
tend to suffer from like split ends and
things like that occasionally so I want
to talk to the stylist about that the
stylist in Auckland will basically
diagnose my hair like they'll have a
look at my hair and with a little
consultation you guys yeah I just want
to make some breakfast I'm hungry
Johnson makes are you gonna miss me
today yeah I've trained him well look
yeah so spoil all right let's do this
start I'm leaving this with a behind for
the day look you ladies going in here
we'll move now looks like like SHINee
it's really really hot so we're at the
salon now and basically first of all
we're going to get a consultation in it
in the professional
like a look at the condition of my
hearin see what kind of level or fiber
treatment we're going to need and really
it sounds really good we'll see how it
goes
hopefully it's good so this is what I
was referring to before there are three
different ranges of the pro fiber
treatment so there's the rectifier which
is for slightly damaged hear restore
it's for moderately damaged hair and
then the reconstruct is for the most
damaged here so if you do get this
treatment done you are going to have a
little consultation with your stylist so
that's what I'm doing here by the way
I'm just doing a voiceover because you
could barely hear me because there were
people talking in the salon and
everything the sound wasn't the best so
Figaro voiceover is a little bit more
useful so my stylist just asked me a
little bit about the condition of my
hair and what I thought of it and then
he had a good look at it as well and he
decided that the elasticity wasn't the
best is it it's not overly frizzy or
anything which is really good but just
the fact that it was quite brittle I
suppose meant that I could do with that
third range of the pro fiber there
reconstruct so this is the one I'm using
which is so like the most imaged here
but the reason we're going for that is
because of my hair elasticity he said
it's not frizzy or anything but just
because my his obviously like a little
bit looser and in this one here is for
like the most healthy kind of here and
in this one's for light highlighted here
with a damage here like some damage and
just things like that but we're going
for this one for me
so now sol is getting her consult as
well so basically you get the first step
in the salon which is the main like
treatment part and then the rest of it
you do at home for the following week so
I'll get like a little kit like this and
you get like a mask in conditioner and
you also get a I think it's diluted
version of this which looks like that
so I'll be using that over the news few
weeks this file you want to use the
right hair care with the treatment just
to make sure it lasts well as well so
now we're washing my hair with the
shampoo from the range and then you put
in the treatment everything but I'll get
Sully this film some clips as well so
you can see it
like so before we can apply this to
lives yeah my stylist explained to me
during my consult that we were going to
aim most of that profiler treatment on
my bed links and ends because that's
where most of my damages my roots are
quite like healthy so he's just pressing
that in first and then what he did was
lifted in for a few minutes and then
added a little bit to my roots
afterwards and the whole treatment only
took a few minutes to do so that was
nice I've done some others in the past
that take like an hour to do so this one
was definitely a lot faster again this
is going to be divided up just into 4
roof sections
and their plight
concentration why do I look so angry I
was actually just really really relaxed
but for some reason I look really really
mad
in this short hair my stylist was just
finishing off my hair by showing me how
much of the profiler leave-in treatment
to use it one time it's just like a
little pump and then you just blow dried
my hair and start it looked amazing and
felt amazing as well got my boobs looks
good
that's pretty Sally's just doing her
hair finished now Sally's here tastes
like way longer than mine as you can
tell she's just got a little bit more
length than me so here's my hair I've
got a little bag full of like that
I'm shampoo and conditioner and
everything that I use at home now so
I'll probably show you that tonight when
I get home because and like hot now
we're catching a flight back anyway so
I'll show you that in a bit
kid Sully's here she got it done as well
she only got what you got there like
least in terms when the middle Maya
meets and that's true looks are eyes
feels really soft air it does actually
like not even I don't think I'm
imagining it cuz the ends away yeah I
wish I knew how to wait blow dry my hair
like they don't do I see tears my face
blow-dried this is sally's range which
is the medium range so this one that
Sally got for like years she said like
heat style to like highlight yeah as i
see it i got the intense foam the
strange hair reconstruct like the color
hmm
yeah i got this one because my hair was
like lacking a little bit of elasticity
dude and like lots and lots of bleaching
over the last few years and all of that
kind of things so that's the range I got
Billy just did that thing the guys like
the takes to drive of a spike have a
nice play or have safe travels or
something it's just like ah a nice drive
traffic
I guess there's traffic oh thank you my
family I'm home at 6:43
so I guess don't I'll have some dinner
and stuff and then we're just gonna
chill out that I'm so tired like I feel
like I'm still a little bit like jaitley
going to Australia recently I just feel
like my hair feels incredibly soft it
also feels like really light and bouncy
you know how sometimes you get like a
treatment a leave-in treatment or you
even do like a hair mask go home nuke it
almost feels like weighed down
afterwards like even if it does feel
soft it still feels like my hair feels
so light and soft and bouncy and fluffy
and it feels so good straight away so
I'm really excited to see how it lasts I
will definitely do an update a few weeks
so if I don't mention anything you know
over the next few days don't be worried
I will update you of like after the time
period I think about six weeks I'll get
another one done and I'll let you guys
know how it lasted over the amount of
time and everything I just show you what
I got
so they gave me this little bag with my
product in this is where we will form
off and I got this from the stylist
basically this is kind of like filled
out with like information actually I'll
show you the products first you have the
shampoo I forgot to mention that this
shrimp was actually designed to
reactivate that and sell on treatment
when you go
in to the salon that does the Loreal Pro
fiber treatment the stylist will check
your hair you know like see what you
need and tailor it to you out of the
three kind of strengths I guess in the
conditioner also a mask which I will
show you in one second like what I do
with this this leave-in treatment which
my stylist did that heaps of his clients
even ones they don't use the whole Lauri
out range like still just use this and
he like could not stop raving about it
and basically it's like a leave-in
treatment and like he protectant and all
that good stuff you need a really tiny
amount it smells really good as well so
I'm excited to use this because I love
leaving products anyway and then the
recharge so basically I guess you could
call this like a diluted version of the
salon treatment because this whole like
routine starts the salon you get what I
got done today like the proper profiler
treatment and then they give you all of
the stuff to take home with you so you
can kind of keep up the routine at home
to keep like the best results possible
basically so I know it seems really
intense but once my stylist break it
down for me and made a lot more sense on
like what I use win basically it says it
in here I'll show you some of the other
points first so my stylist filled this
in so he wrote in my hair texture and
like the hair history and everything and
then over here he filled in like what I
was getting so I got the reconstruct and
then on the bag that's what I want to
show you it says like you per week what
I need to be doing
so pretty much shampoo conditioner and
they needs that I can use the
conditioner and the mask at the same
time if I want to because I do have
blonde hair otherwise just a couple
times a week and then using the leavin
product every single time I washed my
hair he said I can even just use this
whenever I feel like if I just want to
like smooth out my hair from a bit of
frizz or however you would normally use
it and then this is the most important
part recharging every fourth shampoo
which is the little profile that kind of
touch-up product so as long as I'm using
this for every fourth wash it's like the
most important part so this is how it
looks and basically I just used that
pretty much the same way he used it say
so shampoo first and then I just apply
this on towel-dried hair afterwards and
leave it in and then
rinse it out Kuro come to visit so yeah
definitely give that a go hopefully it
all works out well for me so far so good
anyways I'm gonna go um eat some food so
I'm in bed now
I'm so tired I cannot wait to go to
sleep tonight to cover my makeup and
everything so just do a little bit of
mascara on but Yolo I'm so bad um we're
just going to watch some shameless some
of the new series it's a couple of
episodes out so do you mind dogs are so
high pose it's so funny and so yeah
we're gonna go sleep and slow ground up
my video hopefully you guys found the
little treatment today interesting I
found out some new information
let me know if you guys might try it as
well my hair definitely feels amazing
today so I'm excited to see how long
it'll last for it everything's designed
to last at least there's six weeks
especially with all that like aftercare
stuff so I'll update you again in a few
weeks to see how it lasts and everything
but first impressions so far so good he
like me he looked really good today how
much complement it is I want to go home
Sally's looked amazing I've got like
major here in bigger over silly I'll put
some more information about everything
down below if you are interested and
other than that I will just talk to you
guys I
