everyone so just got back from the gym
it's 10:00 a.m. today I'm filming a
sponsorship for a new movie coming out
soon so that should be good I'm doing
like a transfer make it transfer makin
transformation makeup look going from
like old school makeup into something
special effects so should be quite fun
to film I'm just trying to figure out
exactly what I'm gonna do I'm still not
quite sure I'm not look I'm gonna go for
or anything so I'm just gonna do a
little bit more research over breakfast
and have a shower I guess reckless I'll
just have a smoothie I'm kind of jealous
Hamish is having cereal and I kind of
wish I was having cereal but I'm not
that hungry so I'm just gonna have my
smoothie like normal
oh my gosh is so good I have mail from
two-faced I think to you gorgeous roses
are red violets are blue
here's a clover to snuggle and mind
blowing lashes just for you happy
Valentine's Day gorgeous oh my gosh that
is so freaking cute oh my gosh cutest
purse package ever and one of my
favorite mascaras and they think that
this is the Tim sorry no no no no I
shouldn't have done that I'm half done
I'm just eating some snacks so here's
the fifth stage of the tutorial so very
natural look
next up I'm gonna zombified myself and
now it is shower time I needed a shower
right now do you want a bath no snackies
aside on something two years ago old
a.m. and my like Christmas gifts
anything that shoot for the stars
bat-bomb it smells so good it smells
like honey or something so I've just
sucked in the bath for like I don't even
know maybe 20 minutes 15 minutes and
lovin it but what a color pitch-black
delicious
I think it's couple da eyeliner on me
like little bits of like glitter and
stuff in the bath as well
this doesn't look dodgy at all I'm
making some tea and some toast
got some stuff in the mail I just finish
up work for the day I visited a bunch
videos it's 5 or 6 p.m. and I'm gonna go
into my room and just tie up a little
bit before me and home is just me so
they don't have dinner and stuff so I
think this is her maybe I'll just unwrap
it quick and here we have a Pulis choice
clinical ultra rich moisturizer for dry
and very dry skin yeah it's for your
face face Nick and I area I will totally
try this isn't it sounds really good
Cesar hopes to eliminate irritation
redness as well yes it's more of a boil
I'm almost out brow defining cream duo
bipolars choice and the hyaluronic acid
booster for all skin types
plumps skin and smooth wrinkles sounds
awesome I've got a bunch of stuff from
Supriya to come people that opening that
right now and Hamish went to my paradox
today and girl man he'll for me so it's
a bunch of letters and packages and
stuff I'll have to open that at some
stage as well I feel like it's Friday
but it's not and it's really sad so many
Thursday I've been taking out my
contacts and look how creepy I look I
start putting some stuff on here and I'm
bored already
so think about a lot of this version of
the song
I'm all the way I look really weird
right now I just put on a poster it's 9
o'clock
we got back from a bike road maybe it
like half an hour ago
we're for an hour and a half almost on
the dot where do we biked from we took
our bikes from basically like one side
of hama to the other so I like even all
of the areas I like basically like a
cross Thomasson or the home across yeah
there's an hour and a half I feel like
we could have done it faster if it
wasn't is one day it was kind of windy
for me an hour and I haven't been biking
in ages but it was still a really good
workout my Fitbit reckons I burnt like
600 and something calories which is
pretty good for me because my body burns
like if all calories a day so yeah now
it's some beard just gonna chill I'm so
tired in my like legs hurt so bad I'm
just doing a B or a no strip we're at
countdown the other day
and um I scribes these because I ran out
of my ones so I thought I'd try them I
think I've tried this brand pretty sure
but I didn't we got ones that have the
chin strips as well which I don't know
if I need them or not I've got so many
breakouts on my chin all the time I feel
like would irritate them this wife's
just decided to come today it's like a
blind bimbo which is awesome it hurts so
I put like tea tree oil and stuff on it
hopefully it's it was it sauce down my
brows is dying I look really good as
well I don't know how much more they
gonna fade but quite like the color here
a little bit lighter than what they
looked a few days back I don't even know
if you'll be able to tell them the
sliding life I'll show you what I pull
out of my nose in a second I don't know
that's gonna be very good enough
dedication to the family business
michael has decided to live here
