everyone I just got my hair done look so
ashy it's going real yellow from all the
chlorine and this the order what up what
is wrong oh geez
anyways I have been itching to vlog so I
got back from Fiji the night before last
night so I've only been home like one
full day and then this morning I was
just being my hair down and I've just
done some work put up a vlog my camera
is so broken like the little screen
won't come out and anyway um yeah I've
just been itching to vlog so I finished
up a bit of work I've still got a video
to edit but I thought I'd come on here
and just do some updates today I'm like
so bittersweet I'm kind of in a good
mood right now cuz I just feel like I've
accomplished a lot and like the last
couple of hours um I've just fighting at
my feelings at the moment cuz today is
actually my Nana's birthday so it is a
sad day and we're having dinner with my
green dead in a couple of hours Hamish
is just coming back from work so any 7th
of February
well good now I'm choking up so yeah
kind of but trying to be happy for
my Nana on her birthday because I knows
that's what she would want
she'd want lots of happiness and
laughter and everything so yeah um what
is it another update beach house update
so basically okay I just got another
update sorry I'm just trying to think of
how to like explain this simply so we
put her an offer on the house we got it
obviously when you put an offer on a
house you go conditional so you go
conditional to the builders report and
whatever else you need so we weren't
conditional to the builders report and
we weren't conditional to if they could
get the code of compliance because they
said they had a code of compliance which
basically is when the building is all up
to the City Council's or regulation so
it means it's safe it's all marked off
it's all signed off and a reason why
that's important is obviously one
because it's safe and tufa if we resell
it down the line
it's obviously important to sell your
house because people won't buy a house
without a code of compliance like we
wouldn't so
yeah it was conditional nose thing so
they wanted to stretch out the pseudo
Monday so that's why I hadn't updated
you guys for so long they needed to
stretch out the settlement date for like
almost a month or something like that it
might have even been a month I don't
even remember I've just blocked it out
of my head cuz I've been disappointed so
many times again and again as you guys
know if you watch my vlogs so it was
Trisha for ages we said you know what
that's absolutely fine they needed to
extend it because it was like going into
the new year and like the City Council
was not open yet the builders weren't
open yet like there was just you know
it's just the beginning of the year so
we were like there it's completely fine
and then we found out pretty close to
the end of the Sutra meant diet so we're
getting a little bit like come on like
you know if we need to like renegotiate
or like anything they said oh we can't
get a code of compliance we don't have
it we were like what you said you did
this is obviously through the real
estate agents we didn't talk directly to
the sellers I don't know who they are or
not talk to them anything like that they
came back to us through all of the real
estate people saying yeah they can't get
it so yeah that happened and then we
were like okay well what's wrong with it
can we fix it like is this a small issue
which it can be hamish said because he
just studied all this kind of things
like it could be as simple as like the
door opening from the wrong direction
like I mean to be opening that way
rather than that way or whatever like
just small things like that can be if
you're sure I don't know if it's a small
issue or a bigger shoe with it louise
toys from Kmart she loved it so yeah we
don't know what the issues are we still
don't know why happened close to the end
date is someone else came in and gave
them an offer for the house and
obviously it was a bitter offer than
what we negotiated they were getting
more that's what I'm saying in my head I
don't know that for a fact
I'm I just don't know why also do that
anyway they wanted to take that person's
offer which you can't because the house
was under contract it was getting close
to the end of the timeline and that
basically meant that as soon as our
timeline was up whether we wanted to
renegotiate or not like whether we want
to
to negotiate a new price or ask them to
fix it all and then we would purchase it
like once it had a code of compliance
well like the certificate audit but we
don't even have a chance to do any of
that because they were just like not
we've got another like buyer lined up so
lots of Tears later I was pretty
heartbroken once again have my you know
hearts in our house and for it just to
fall through it was kind of so it
all fell through it's the end it's over
anyway I just got an email from our real
estate lady who's talking to their real
estate lady and she said that the other
people walked away they were just like
nah don't want it so we're still waiting
to hear what the issues are and that's
where we're at I don't know what's wrong
with that obviously if it's like got
water damage or anything like that it's
just probably going to be a solid know
unless they like reclad it and
everything I don't even know like Hamish
deals with most of it because he's very
onto it with all of this kind of thing
and I am not so much so I could be
making no sense right now but yeah
that's where it so I've kind of let it
go in my heart and if it comes back to
me and they want to renegotiate and get
it all like up standard and sell it to
us then you know maybe we'll consider
that like it all just depends it depends
you know like we're not gonna pay the
same amount of money because we offered
a certain amount of money on the terms
that it was going to be like perfectly
fine up to standard nothing wrong with
it
so you know you're not gonna pay the
same amount of money when this stuff
wrong with it are you especially if it's
not signed off so that's where we're at
I'm devastated heartbroken said all of
it I just wanna like put my camera job
because it's like annoying okay I'm just
gonna sit like this because it's comfy
what else um update on I know and what
am I get rid of as many as like the
Lighting's bit over here and what I'm I
get really with me as I was talking
about my digestive issues how my friend
who's a doctor at the hospital thinks
it's probably ideas I still have not
been it to the doctor I'm actually drew
for a frigging mirror and b12 so it's
gonna be fun
how much room yeah Hamish is home um so
basically I study other doctor but since
I had those issues I because I've been
eating like vegetarian meals for a long
time but I was really struggling with do
you mind I was really struggling with
the pain in my stomach definitely some
like milk makes me really sick like like
toast cheeses and stuff it seems I can
have a little bit but if I have much I
feel very sick and not like most people
they're like like toast intolerant like
it just makes me like blow top like a
balloon and it doesn't go anywhere it's
sort of painful so I've introduced a bit
of fish back into my diet and I've been
eating a lot of like I'll show you guys
in my blogs just like fish vegetables
leeks pumpkin like healthy carbs I still
have braids like some braids seems to
make me feel sick but I've been having
like aids on Tarson it's fine but if I
have like some stuff like pasta in there
like sometimes it's fine and then
sometimes it's really bad and I figured
really spicy food as well it's not good
once again like nothing happens it's
just like bloating and it just feels so
painful so I'm trying to figure out what
foods are gonna not eat but so far I
figured that our fish does not upset me
and then most vegetables don't seem to
I'm still trying to figure it out cuz I
know lots of people have like issues
with onions and garlic's hey I don't
know I'm trying to figure out what I can
eat it's so difficult
so yeah that's where I'm at here looks
like super silver in this lighting
yeah we've to go soon so yeah um oh one
more thing did I tell you about that
company they emailed me after I did it
doesn't work video and they were like
you did it wrong like we want to sponsor
you yes so basically I did a video or
like it doesn't work and they emailed me
saying I was doing a completely wrong
which by the way I tried it so many more
times no like like it just does not work
for me and that's okay like it does I'm
sure it won't work everyone anyway a
girl today uploaded a video like no
shade to her it's shady on the company's
behalf not her like whatever she can do
what she wants but the companies
sponsored her to do a video reacting to
me try a new product and say you're
doing it wrong so this goes like she's
not doing it right and I'm like I've
tried this so many times it does not
work for me and it's late oh yeah
probably
oh do you mind what was a prize you
remember oh it's like it doesn't hurt
and it goes like it's that place to hit
that means you're doing it wrong I'm
like well I tried it like even I mean
like like you Alice
yeah usually but like I tried it so many
different ways as well and I watch
videos I like to read their instructions
I replace the filters over and over
again though probably call me now and
they say you're bloody dumb don't know
what you're doing they literally said I
was doing it wrong and that if I wanted
to turn this actually like put it on my
elbow yeah why is it not working I throw
it out the window and you picked it up
and put it on my lips fly's not working
pretty much so yeah there was a bit of
humour for the day so yeah I don't want
I like don't want this girl to get hated
on like she's just being told probably
what say by this company but how
unprofessional for company I imagine if
someone say - I I don't like Shannon's
look and like I was not disrespectful or
rude I was so like I was just like
doesn't wait for me that's fine imagine
if someone did a video I like oh I don't
really like their you so kitty lipsticks
and then I like sponsored someone to
react to that video and be like maybe
it's pretty stupid and embarrassing what
scene he's got grass does he anyway
anyone feel like I wasn't clear before
because I got so into straight to it but
yeah so I started eating some more like
fish and stuff yeah tell me what tell me
more
it's so good as well because I was
struggling so much when we were
travelling all the time like when I went
to ride nothing to eat but friggin fries
behalf the time so it's good to be able
to actually eat something a little bit
healthier when I'm traveling sometimes
it's the one downfall with some
vegetarian license
you can eat soy a little bit so eight
days eight so unhealthy as well like
you've got to be really careful
especially if you like me and always on
the go I am so excited don't mind the
grass there's like roadworks nearby and
we're just getting weeds like every
friggin at today's like I swear I know
how much literally mother'd so the grass
like doesn't and then these weeds pop up
like I you not these huge waves and
like a day or two they just go yeah it's
me stuck like we always do just rip it
all but there's no point right now like
it's so bad and my hay fever from all of
the weeds and all the pollen is like out
of control like my eyes you've been
warming it disgusting I was pointing you
ever here to show you my feet Joe tree
look how big it is now I'm pretty sure
we'll have fruit on it soon shadow
pretends that she can grow yeah there's
a lemon right there look there's a lemon
right there
yeah oh did you do that yeah I need to
show them did you guys see my blog where
I showed this it smells like it's means
but I want to wear it looking but now it
smells really nice and Hamish you guys
should check it out it's just the min
Valentino and then the kill one might
with us tonight oh it's so nice you guys
need to UM
oh god this is awkward you guys me to
watch my latest unboxing video because
there's so much good stuff
also you stay I filmed a lush trial or a
trial on every single pair of lashes I
can't wear eye makeup because my whole
life line is like oh Christian soul free
I can't remember how many PS I tried on
but it was like City something what
something like that I shouldn't know
that I shouldn't know but I just don't
know that right now it's just too
painful to think about smells like
cheese i appraisal and insulting get the
shaky
that's potato baked with pumpkin and
stuck leeks broccoli and corn it is 6
a.m. timely hits Wellington it for my
next Invisalign check Mike Harris got
something wrong with the lens like first
of all the low shadow wasn't opening
properly I might need to get a new
camera so hopefully you guys can deal
with this blur for a little bit so I got
back from doing it my bracelet I'm just
interesting a thumb now at the moment my
teeth are getting so much straighter and
I'm so happy I just ate I'm just about
to brush my teeth that's why I'm not
wearing them right now you know oh my
god
almost got a French kiss from my dog
delicious the sun's come so much I'm so
stoked this is my next video going up on
Friday today's Wednesday full face first
impressions all its kind of natural skin
to like a low coverage foundation and
stuff and then the video that went up
today is this one here which is this I
realized my last video is pink - whoops
yeah people was saying like stop using
your own products like I'm assuming
mostly because my last two tutorials
would the Shan exploit palette so sorry
about that it wasn't really planned it's
just cuz this one here was I get read
with many light from Valentine's Day
they just kind of turn into a tutorial
so yeah there's lots of products I mean
lots of videos using your products
coming out and different I should I
pellets like this one I'm using the
bureau's one so don't worry it's not all
about the shooting so I put it all the
time I don't think I use it that often
but people seem to think so really
they're quarter to four I am going to
save this so I already did just kidding
look at this glass I bought how much
free Christmas when you put cold water
in it the pic man Papa I should have
really shown you on lifetime but oh well
sports teams excuse me sirs excuse me
why are you so cute I'm having the
world's laziest dinner tonight because I
cannot be bothered we're just watching
some shameless no to a face mask so show
you which one I choose I don't even know
what I want to do tonight but yeah
that's about the excitement of my life
right now
his head coffee today and it was a
nightmare
like usually coffee is fine like it was
just black coffee nothing added I got
from Z and it made me feel so sore in my
stomach I don't know like would I make
coffee at home I'm absolutely if I don't
understood whatsoever maybe you guys
will have some tips for me my skin's
like all by the way I'm gonna send a
video tomorrow but the huda beauty
foundation didn't break me out last time
so I'm gonna try it again tomorrow and
see if it breaks me out this time I'm
just gonna take it slow but yeah last
time I did it so I don't know if it
breaks me out or not so this is the mask
I made for today
my one of my favorites the entities or
it's really good for pimples and stuff
cause it's got manuka honey but also
it's just super moisturizing you can
pause the screen if you want to read
about it I freaking love this stuff it's
my signature pretty boring to look at
blinded by the light it's just like a
moisturizer kind of consistency
how good is the new shameless sheesh
look at that booty why does my bottom
lip look so big today
Shh so that's how my skin looks now page
my chemical exfoliant in moisturizer I'm
using so many different moisturizers at
the moment and loving them all I'm
loving like the gel based ones like my
Clinique one I'm trying some like newer
ones like Jimmy logic her and stuff so
I'm really liking them they just seem to
work well for like dehydrated and dry
skin and everything like I get and I
just love how they like give you that
glow anyway I'll talk to you guys and
then a couple of days moving my way into
frequent vlogs again which I'm really
excited about so I missed them that I
feel really bye
