good morning to set it out so Brad just
shy effect and I'm gonna go film my
makeup now and then I think how much
wants to go get Japanese what's new I'm
wearing at this make lessons like jump
so it's too long for me like when I when
it falls down naturally it like covers
my heels so yeah also it is not
flattering on my body type I'm not gonna
wear this later I just wear it at home
so comfy and kind of looks like here on
this angle but and other angles like I
word in my not chimer Shan glass night
it makes me look so chub because I've
got like you know I am NOT super thin
and so like it just like sits on like my
widest points and makes me look like
this giant oblong anyways it is so
freakin comfy so highly recommend it's
so nice
I don't student angles I can pull it off
right so yeah gonna go do my makeup it's
10:30
we kind of lay in bed for like an
Alitalia so yeah the morning is going
look let me see this I strive to clean
it mm-hmm that's what happens after a
yeah hole that's why I'm just like kind
of over doing them at the moment and
I've been doing my vlogs instead because
it's just too much to deal with it once
like I'm the kind of person worth the
task is huge like it just intimidates me
it's just so much makeup to put away
I've already done like almost all of the
recycling as well like that's how bad it
is there's just so much stuff and our
look hello sir why are you backing
whose mechonics low palate the Joker Oh
Matt peach shade all over my eyelid and
that's it and then Aurora the blush
palette I was raving about the busy
outline I use Tom Ford Foundation I use
the flower child lashes just little half
lashes my lipstick there's a lesion by
XO beauty the trick with these if you
find them hard to work with because
they're sort of freaking the pigmented
literally like put on your lip liner and
then just put on like three dots just go
do like wipe it off did to dip and then
rub it together and then you get this
nice soft matte finish rather than it
being too full on like that so if you
don't want that like kind of depends on
my mood but often I'll wear it like this
just because it's a little bit more
wearable yeah
I just like my skin very like natural
textured like I didn't grow much
foundational powder or anything
lots of sitting spray yeah I filmed a
mini tutorial this eyebrows a little bit
funny though I filmed a mini tutorial
from Instagram I don't know when it'll
be up I probably won't put it out for a
while just cuz I like to spread the
videos out and I film some yesterday too
so we'll see this is not good angle
anyways I'm really yeah boy I'm going to
get changed oh no I just want to take
your photos I go yesterday this is all
pretty I can't get over these busy and
Lily's it's sushi time I'm wearing a
white t-shirt and then underneath this I
have my shinnok's or Brawley and then
this guy is trying my blessings I got it
the other day I'm mulling ttan hamish
got his way
I don't know if I want sushi or my
goodness
get some dumplings
yes we got some snacks beyond your
wiring and Christmas later soak up some
snacks
this is the best of her Hema show them I
do like that one yeah I showed you this
one yeah but you're always kind of like
I got to sell you on to this show it's
her favorite
okay I tell them about your mistake
these are the best crack is the wafer
crisis someone's my first coffee in a
week or two Kaffee how is it how
Americans at Kaffee Kaffee like coffee
coffee will eat up this is the quality
content people signed up for not that
this is a worldwide thing or and use
Ellen thing News Australia no the bottle
cap and I drop a realize and you
actually just pushing that out now now
I'll even charcoal night look at the
size of that hole how do I give my man
great to sing all night I'm sorry yeah
no the only what they can do it
so what do you want to say to the world
I don't want to say anything no but
you're just saying I would quite like
actually go to sleep just barely she's
tired why don't you move back here what
I can't really give a serious ah Kelly
wait how does your night been tonight
bankrupt asking what do you think so
what do you mean answer hey Domino's yep
yeah
would you get cheesy crust no my wife
everyone else is drunker than I am
