good morning everyone oh my goodness I
scored from the gym today's workout was
like a mission I don't know I was just
really tired it's already 10:30 we went
to the gym well I went to the gym for
now Hamish is still there because you're
so much in the things I have got it up
like four or five videos I'm happy
though because I came back from my trips
now and I'm like you know I'm kind of
able to catch up and get it to hid again
if they make sense you know I start
pretty filming and stuff my brows is
starting to look so much better today I
noticed like the sky beings kind of
starting to subside so soon they'll
start probably fading a little bit and
everything
I am absolutely stuffed I'm gonna make
it smooth you for breakfast I think it's
stuck into my work I've got a package or
show you later
oh my gosh this week and I get my nose
redone as well got so much to do
probably won't do that today though I
was gonna tell you guys something you're
not hot marine but I'll tell you later
when I remember
this arrived from est√©e lauder we have
a mascara defining lift in fan mascara
and eyeliner double wear eyeliner and
I'm guessing this is like a brow kit
like they sent me doc brunette but thank
you it's a loading anyway I'll
definitely try these two out but this is
very obviously not gonna suit me why
does this taste weird I think it's cuz
I'm not used to a movie my smoothies in
wiping I've been using water for like
the last few times
it's really weird tasting well not weird
tasting just different maybe it's the
new protein I remembered what I was
gonna say I'm gonna edit today's video
cuz I haven't got it ready yet like it's
filmed in everything I'm just editing it
and never to upload it I'm just having
my smoothie while I work and I made a
cup of tea and anyway the reason I
didn't get to the gym Ilyas morning was
lower cap not really I woke up at 8 a.m.
and then mister and we're not mister out
I woke up and was like doing my emails
and everything I had some urgent emails
I needed to do so I was doing them they
mean how many four on the way to the gym
and there was a dog like just walking
across like the super busy intersection
and like everyone was obviously like on
a rush to work or whatever they were
doing so no one was stopping me and
hamish for like whose dog is that
so just god Zeus is a high post geez
here look at my hair I just talked about
like this for the gym I mean he's just
like pulled over and watched it and I
was like running in front of these cars
and we were like okay I think this is
anyone's dog so I got out and as it came
like over onto the footpath if I asked
these other girls like oh is this your
dog never like no and so I walked out to
the dog track because they had a tag on
that like it was registered in
everything so I was gonna call up the
number so that they could call the owner
and they
oh no could come get it kind of thing
but he was super skittery and scared and
then he ran into the road and almost got
hit by a massive truck and I literally
like turned her ad and was like my heart
completely stopped'
I was like covering my eyes I was like
about stop crying because like the tries
can't just stop you know it's a track
the conscience is jam on the brakes and
stop so it slowed down but the doll was
heading straight towards it then the dog
can I went backwards like I didn't
really see their part but when I turned
around the dog it like come back over
and another car almost hit it and then
the dog like shot across the street and
made hamish followed it and eventually
we found well like where did he go and
he was like sitting in the back of it
you were like oh and so we like cold out
and then the owner came out and she's
wondering where I'm and I was like oh my
gosh your dog was got hit by a truck I
was like panicking and she's like oh my
gosh thank you so much like for making
sure he was okay and everything and then
we went to the gym and I was just like
dying I don't know why it was just a way
that was my little exciting story of the
morning and he I was like oh he didn't
want to come to me and she's like yeah
he's quite nervous around like strangers
so hopefully he doesn't wander off like
that
again hopefully you know cuz that
honestly like I could not deal with it
if he got hit by a car or something I
would like Kevin meltdown Oh anyway so
yeah I'm interesting an empties video at
the moment and I'm gonna go over shower
and I'm gonna inked and I'm gonna empty
I'm gonna eat a like for more videos or
five more videos
huh today it's gonna be a long day and
then I'm hoping tonight I can go for a
bike ride or a walk or something with
Hamish again because I feel like my
workout this morning was average like I
still went for about 55 minutes but it
was just like I don't know just it's my
heart rate was good but you know if when
you just feel like your workout was an
average I don't are like according to my
fit that it was good I know I can do
better so I just want to get out again
later on and after eating all day I'm
gonna want to like get some appreciate
anyway hopefully some of my vlogs are
like rolling again the same like some
people complaining and stuff and I'm
sorry I know it's like a lit down I am
doing my best you have to trust me and
I'm also as I said like my New Year's
resolution is to take some time for me
so I've been been enjoying just having a
couple days off here in there like at
home on the weekends and stuff as well
so I'm just still trying to find that
balance but obviously half of the reason
why I wasn't uploading as much is
because I was like traveling so often
even uploading in Australia like it
took like six hours from one video table
it was so slow so it was just so
exhausting yeah hopefully I'll start to
be on top of things a little bit better
now and if you're ever wondering like I
usually know every single time but
usually update on Twitter as well then
you guys know if there's gonna be like a
video or not just in case you guys
working to like you know have updates I
guess anyway I need to start working
before I ran out of time about 2:30 now
and today's video went up yeah and I did
a vlog that it was something out
yay and I edited two other videos yay so
I'm interesting hopefully another truth
then later this afternoon I'm gonna go
do some kind of exercise whether it's
like a walk or a bike ride or something
and yeah I'm just having some snacks
boiled egg in some banana I'm not like
super hungry I've been drinking tons of
water and psych filled me up which is
weird so I'm just having some snacks for
lunch cuz otherwise and like an hour
I'll just stop burning out and it'll be
like starving all of a sudden and then
for dinner I don't know when we make
it's like that awkward time in the
afternoon where it's like it's just an
awkward time to eat this stuff is so
good you ever tried it
it's the feeder and baby spinach like
stuff it's so good with like rice
crackers and things I don't know I'm not
hungry I think it's the heat you know
what it's like Roja you just don't want
to eat I'm just like babbling I'm
procrastinating because I'm gonna go eat
it again I'll talk to you guys a bit
later it's six o'clock and I'm done one
of the tutorials I ate it was like a
chitchat gateway with me the footage
like the aimed product video that is
going up is like almost half now long so
sorry it took so did it I feel so
accomplished now it's such a nice day
outside apparently it's like a boiling
hot out there so I don't know if I want
to go outside now we'll wait a little
bit later and like wait till it cools
off a little bit if you want of me it is
a scorcher this is my dinner you know I
bought this from my kids I need to make
it up later it's like a troll you think
I'm gonna put my make up verses and
stuff on it didn't get for a look
Jimmy Carter look turn it off or walk
she would cut for a book she McCaffrey
I think someone's excited on we should
call I lose it
Zuzu Cola take it to dead take it to
dead
it's like no so small did boy stealing -
shall we make them IKEA yours / - it
didn't help me why help big that see
anything boyfriend's are useful for
Haymitch not don't lie
no never nearly oh it goes to way
everything matches what's that what's
there hey geez series come on
yay family
we went for a mess of walk oh I haven't
stopped my timer actually I built lots
of it myself but my nails are too long
for me to do these ones get the screws I
did so you know I did what just like
you're doing right now right don't doing
these but someone's tie price wolf oh
you tired
hey success if you like that middle
trace crooked thar which is gonna annoy
the out of me the sides lower than
that side my straightener one day but at
the moment it'll do so I'm gonna put
some light makeup brushes and stuff in
there and then I'm gonna clean out this
little area here and then just slide it
in there like when I'm not using it and
then when I'm filming you can slide it
over you know I have all my brushes
there I might put like tissues and
cotton swabs and just put some pieces
like that for filming and doing my
makeup maybe some of my most used
pellets and things to me and Hamish want
to get one of these this so expensive
though it's a DJI phantom 3 and it's
like a it's a drone that you can record
footage with I think we might have to
wait until they're like kind of old
and three is a remote-controlled
appearance the innovations that we have
applied to the Phantom 3 make this all
possible
so now every vacation so cool I wonder
if there's any way followed you you know
how do you get this and you know yes
before demo one day you could be a real
sneaky and you could let go on a roller
coaster maybe what about the role of
chemistry you probably wouldn't be
allowed to start what is really good
yeah if it's old jaggedy and gets blown
around bomb accuracy with a simple press
of a thumb stick four engines which
independently and dynamically control
each of the Phantom's for pops are
meticulously crafted to the most rhenium
