good morning everyone so it is Sunday
and today we're going to go play golf I
did my makeup radio just show you click
this is hushed by OCC on my lips and
then I just used that Evans halo trio
like the naked face tree or my cheeks
and everything I also used it on my eyes
and I used kit in my inner corner by
Stila and my mascara is building safe
but Too Faced
I mean my foundation is that Bobby Brown
one again him Adama girls those are just
tattooed on your still hailing of course
this one here is so much like more
annoying than this one this one's like
going so like nicely like peeling off
really nicely
this one's peeling off friggin all over
the show typical of this eyebrow because
this is my troublesome eyebrow so as we
mentioned yesterday we got in your um
bathroom shelf so I'm just kind of like
opening it so I'm gonna go put it in the
bathroom it's a lot to all of this one
so much taller that I realized it's
taller than I am
hi they got a bath this morning with
he's running away
it is so wobbly I don't trust it at all
that's why we got a new one
alright so here's the unit it is quite
big but it's way better than this thing
yeah we don't really care about that
kind of thing so we're just going to put
like clones and stuff out there then
stuff in there and then I don't know
what we're doing the bottom drawer
because it's kind of awkward it doesn't
open paper like it does but it scrapes
the ground I'm not gonna not use it I
know
liquid air made for breakfast so Duke
now hamish to this top shelf with his
clones and stuff i was proof your
perfumes here that I don't want on
display in my beauty room for whatever
reason ones that I really like and want
to wear because I always forget to put
on perfume and forget if their hair it's
like a little bit easier to remember and
then just some like face wash contest
solutions stuff and then another straws
just some like face masks and hair stuff
and then down the bottom is just stuff
we don't really use a little spirit
stuff as well my spear masks then like
teeth whitening and bits and pieces
Hamish is making me drink this really
gross stuff baraka yeah he reckons it's
going to give me energy
and so they I see it just a bit more in
so you see it it's like I said why don't
you just take them
to vitamin you said these give you
energy you should stop talking and
finish a drink if you're gonna be like
there no hi Gary
I was being too picky arrow scissors
whose is it you know Stacy yeah she's so
cute
I put fake tan or today we see this nice
Smee look how cute he is he almost needs
another shave already no no I have to
take taken once more on one shorter your
trapped animal abuse and will abuse
doesn't sir he does here because he
thinks I know is I treat look what Louie
did what
oh how we got there first he did it
again such a he's like that wasn't
me cuz I can't reach that look at him
he's looking at the cupboard and looking
at me yeah D'Andre I know he does he
knows he knows where they're usually use
the under here in this morning didn't
you probably is that hot it just gets
really hot and it's just gonna ruin it
it's alright it's infuriating when you
desert I don't like to sound like I'm
bitching but oh hello see ya try add
some sunscreen I need some like spray on
sunscreen for golf because I put on fake
tan I don't want to use like the lotion
stuff because I feel like it would just
rub my table
there's a spray one
today we're at golf at where's this
Palmerston North Golf Club and it's
super busy and I don't know if they've
dress code so it'll be interesting super
nice day and it's not windy I'm gonna
get bit and I put sunscreen off put that
um what's it called like the aerosol on
it was really good didn't move my tan
hopefully my team still develops welder
look how pretty my golf ball is it's
pink it was Chris in Clary swamp so
I got seven on a par three why is it
doing that no it's cuz these too much
should another thing I'm the golf bitch
today
yeah you decided no I don't be excited
over me
he knows that Hamish is up here give me
a cuddle give me a cuddle so rude ready
go I'm gonna try and paint this over top
of these
it's called curl Heat it's pretty color
was way better in real life than on
camera it's kind of going more orange on
camera it's more of a like neon pinky
peach
what they've done
oh you know I got it Sunday pizza this
is the vegetarian one from ill-kept oh
my favorite pizza in the whole world so
the time is now and I'm pretty sure
after dinner I decided to edit a vlog
and upload that so that's just finished
uploading doing a face mask of my skin
is so bad lately I think it's like
stress treble turrible eating getting so
much bad food lately so I'm doing the
Eisenberg Paris must purify actually had
to chop the toxic don't get any out the
bottom look how much freakin product was
hiding out there there's like a good
probably five face mass in here
literally it's crazy so I'm going to do
is I'm going to put this whole thing as
a block bag and hopefully it'll preserve
it or just like suck the air out of it I
love this face mask so much my baby I
just got so many uses out of it as well
so I'm starting today I start with
watching Netflix and then going to sleep
tomorrow
that's the gym haven't been in like a
week or however long it's been a Wiccan
of it so we get to get back into that I
want to do some running and stuff people
wondering weapons in one of my vlogs
it's like day 182 I don't even know one
of my daily vlogs what I'll tell you day
no 180 and day 181 and it got deleted or
something because of inappropriate
content apparently so I'm asking you to
what was it appropriate about it and
might have been a unique video which
would be hilarious if that's right I
think that's really funny but if I'm not
I have that on there I think oh just
like it is that and we upload the video
or something just because of eyes I
don't know it just annoys me that
there's like a missing day I just delete
it myself or anything so yeah because
some people were wondering what happened
my fake tangles so died today I'm stored
I think I actually got a natural tan as
well like you can't really tell them
this lighting there's a little bit of a
tan line happening from where my like
overalls were I'm just going to say
goodnight now because I will no doubt
getting my vlogs having absolutely
horrible eating my blog lately we could
not tell I'm sorry about that I don't
intentionally do it I literally just
fall asleep
late I don't even know it's like a just
get tired and Bernstadt tired
I hope my camera lying next to me when I
wake up in the morning oh I forgot I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog thank
you so much for watching and if you
enjoyed it please quit it
and I'll torture you morning is this
haystack after you by the way this is
how my nail polish looks look so much
flame it through the camera for some
reason the real color never gets picked
up it's probably the white balance or
something on the camera because that
table is white it does not look what
anyway
good morning I just got back from the
gym he has to top my mascara on because
I failed and got egged all off last
night after I did my face mask I don't
know what came over me
so yeah just got back from the gym
Hamish is still there I feel so sick
from like the food last night like I
feel sick I think it was up to the pizza
last night
I love pizza so much I can't give it up
um this morning I'm in such a rush is 10
a.m. I've got two videos to film in
three videos to edit not including a
vlog because tomorrow go to Auckland so
I need to edit Wednesday's video
Friday's video and a sponsored video for
next week that one that I filmed last
week they're like pink eye shadow and
stuff it's a lot of substitute and then
hopefully I'll get time to edit a vlog
as well my life is so heat ticket the
moment store shank it's like into the
rhythm of everything after having like
blues random trips all the time so
there's my own I had a fast breakfast
I'll show you what I bought I seen heaps
of people on the Instagram say this is a
really good like quick on-the-go meal
replacement kind of a product it's
technically for weight loss as you can
see I know hates people are sponsored by
them so hopefully it really is good and
I give it a go the reason I thought
would be good as for days like today
what I'm like super hectic and just need
like fast food / breakfasts / snack or
whatever I need like when I don't feel
well and don't feel like eating because
I really don't feel like eating right
now
I can't people - making juice so I'm
gonna have one of these and see if it
tastes good and I'm not like relying on
them I'm not doing like this whole
weight-loss thing it's just like a you
know meal replacement as I say a diet
let's give this a go stripping I think
I've the little properly hmm tastes like
melted vanilla ice cream it's not gross
but it's also like not fantastic because
it's really really really sweet if you
like it it tastes really it was the
banana blended it blended it blended in
it or something okay anyway I need to go
get ready so I'll see you guys in a bit
I just finished filming it is 2:30
Oh gauges hey hoping the footage comes
out okay halfway through filming I got
like a really like even Sora stomach I
don't know what's wrong with me and uh I
just hope that like I don't you know
what I mean I just feel like I'm
just hoping that the footage isn't bad
hopefully it's okay I'm going to go eat
it no here's the lunch I'm probably
hungry that's probably why I feel so
sick making some avocado and tomato on
toast for lunch
one video down two to go
anyone else like super jealous of their
pets like they've got the life they live
the life you have to do anything they
have all the good things in life like
food toys sleep cuddles
don't have to work don't have to get a
job don't have to earn money you don't
have to pay bills
hey so jealous of you I feel like it get
boring though it's eight past seven oh
I've just been editing all afternoon
haven't even stopped to do anything so I
just finish up for the day I'm gonna
vlog or anything just gonna get down
asleep then tomorrow go to Auckland so
needed probably oh it's only for a day
trip though so I shouldn't have to
really think about it too much as need
to print out my itinerary and figure out
what I have to do in everything um so
yeah that's my night I really loved much
today I'm sorry you know I've been
working my videos are coming out good
though so that's good thank goodness
because you know how I said I was kind
of like a fear about them but not
they'll find it was all my head you know
no mine is you ever try to grab your
dog's tongue I do it and I grab it
sometimes he gets angry
what did what what did i do today um
worked edited made a new banner which is
the most disastrous thing the world you
can't stop I don't know guys just like
if you think you want a new banner just
think again by YouTube on YouTube yeah
they'll tell you the dimensions and then
you go to upload it and it doesn't show
the whole photo so what's the point in
telling me the demeanor the thing is no
but it well I know I know but the thing
with the YouTube banners is they're
different they appear different on every
device like they appear different on
different sized computers the TV the
following life it's so hard to make a
banner that works with everything they
give you the max size and it's you
should give the minimum size so they
should be giving you the benefits for
the mobile because even if it's small on
a big TV it'll still show up and even if
it's small
you could probably go --gel it yeah well
if you guys are making a banner follow
the mobile instructions because it's the
smallest one out of all three yeah
terrible and then I made in um what
profile photo so that's what I did I
worked out the gym wait show them this
really yeah not sure if that's want to
see my steps for this is my Fitbit data
for today look nice I've only done 8000
steps over but we might go for a walk
soon it's ridiculous look at those
calories burn oh my god the focus is
people focusing you earn you burn like
so many more calories than me in a day
that's not focusing I know
you got two floors I don't know where
they came from but I think that that
lies with their floors oh you're so cute
dunno for a walk Jennifer for a walk
someone's excited
nice to see one of you was excited Seuss
I don't like he's like okay you ready
let's go just got background Walker it's
now 10 to 9 it's so hot look at sweetie
I am my face so weird I don't like sweat
until it's just my face you know he's
gonna watch some TV we had dinner a
while ago what the dollars around the
block and stuff I cannot wait to watch
this makeup of my face I'm off to
Oakland tomorrow doing a part of his
sponsorship so I'm not sure if I'm going
to put up a vlog like tomorrow's vlog up
tomorrow or if I'm gonna put up later
I was carry on my days as normal and
then you'll notice that when it's like
the Oakland block when it finally goes
up whenever that is I don't even know
what it is I mean I'm still behind on my
vlogs I haven't uploaded one today I
haven't uploaded any of my Australian
ones I got back on Friday so I'm a
little bit behind because I've just been
Craig catch-up and been on holiday and
just it's just been hectic so hopefully
within the next week or two I'll be
caught up with my vlogs and having them
up most days again I'm gonna aim to do
at least like five a week hopefully and
then if I feel like it on the weekend oh
well if I don't feel like it I won't
kind of thing I think it's important to
give myself a little bit of time off
like have it like a weekend like most
people get you know
keeps me rested and I guess like what's
the word like it keeps me keen to get
guy doesn't like burn me out of there
make sense yeah I might put away some of
my stuff cause I've got like shopping
everywhere my suitcase or my Australia
and everything and some stuff from
Auckland still so check this away click
clear and then chill out for the night I
hope you guys enjoyed today's log and
I'll talk to you tomorrow bye
