good morning everyone sorry I didn't say
good night last sigh I fell asleep at
like 11:00 p.m. we were watching heaps
and heaps of NetFlow stuff can't
remember what it was called by watching
like a TV series that he was called top
boy or something and I just woke up it's
like well I woke up it hit a shower and
got race but it's like teen o'clock now
I still have sleep if you can't tell
it's like teen Diddy so I'm gonna go put
on some makeup I think image wants to go
into town again get a golf club I mean
not golf club a golf glove so you didn't
get it yesterday
my face is all early because I just put
oil on I just absolutely love playing in
Tribble just makes my skin brilliant oh
good my battery's flashing all right so
I've done my makeup my highlight is the
that glow kit by innocence of people
hills my foundation is by Bobby Brown
it's the skin foundation or something
and then my lipstick is that Kerina
liquid lipstick by anastasi waverly
hills my brows still healing
they're like peeling really badly at the
moment I can't wait till they're done
I've lots of mail I got some today and
some obviously while I was gone so I'm
going to go through something very if I
sound croaky I'm tired still the guy
pretty this wrapping is so searches
handbook the modern girls guide to the
New Age world by Mayer milled in been
reading so much lately with my travel
this is where I put all my like cool
books down here dog soon roped in here
which is surprising yeah you tangle
teezer
big love for big hair this is the tangle
teezer for thick curly and africa which
isn't really me but if you hit those
hairstyles I'll show you what not here
styles here types I'll show you what it
looks like it's thanks to pig here I
must just have like different bristles
some information about it and in this
here is from fashion Nova I'm doing a
whole I think I'm gonna fill in this way
so I won't show you that at the moment
now this kind of exploited everywhere I
opened it because I was leaking like
water at the bottom so I thought this
was really cool I like how they've done
it they've written my name a little
handprint because it is a charcoal like
exfoliant I think or mask choco rescue
mask bed Jenna Logica which I love this
brand so does Hamish
man how would your doing what are you
doing huh stop scratching my legs hey
you're being very affectionate today
yeah a bit yeah is that I'm done there's
like this water stuff which leaked
everywhere it's okay is it actually like
eatable just like drinkable look it's
got abyss by date anyway a little bit
soggy you can tell this is the mass I'm
just gonna take it out now
so there's that over here we have the
new the new you're at your cosmetic
enchant shade oh my gosh it's like
pulling everywhere at the moment around
our house so there's a little snake pig
tella like a nice deep purple e color
and I've got some more pics Easter for
Valentine's Day so another lipstick and
we have a what is this cheek gel a lip
contour liner and then oh my gosh I've
already been using this I don't know if
that's the exact same but it is a day -
maybe they're different knives I don't
know but it is so nice it leaves it the
most beautiful glow on your skin like
it's just a moisturizer I love it I mean
we need to tell you guys about it I'll
show you it at some stage when I apply
it so you can see like how it looks on
my skin anyway thank you see oh my God
look he's back what do you want this
isn't food I promise I promise look at
you you're so cute next is that nest egg
you hear that on our Oh like I didn't
pour that everywhere look all my mails
be might destroyed this time the post II
must have been a bit rough and slash as
soon as you tip it up it'll go what if I
okay so it's some kind of like chair
thing this is the every morning
moisturizer by the good
brand the chia seed oil I love the
packaging of this brand I would try to
hit still I need to try it nice that we
have some benefit stuff
hey go just happy Chinese New Year from
benefit we're celebrating the year of
the monkey with this limitation ten and
wanted to share the fun with you too
mmm Moo pretty it's like a Christmas one
so this one is professional gimme brow
dandelion powder and then the little eye
cream and then we've also got some
little Chinese crackers okay hey maestro
everyone with me soon and then don't
monkey with my monkeys is a roller lash
a mini roller lash thank you so much
benefit that's such a cute idea he said
is a bear from gorilla gnorga lane or
however you pronounce this brand I
always forget so this stuff is available
exclusively at something Koei's Oakland
or Valentines Christchurch here's the
pricing they sent me the eye pencil the
meteorites base the 15 I think I've got
that and then the long lasting I should
are silky powder is the packaging oh I
think my one does look different to that
and this came with a shot now I'll go
look at that packaging I was looking at
this one Nordstrom actually because I
was like oh my gosh that's so here is
his enjoy and the I shadowed so cute -
cute teen years almost and then the last
thing here is from a PR company Oasis
Beauty super 10 is 100% vegan and comes
with an applicator mitt with smooth and
streak free application kyoool simian a
mesh I gotta go to rendezvous which is
in Seminole punch
I need some food
yeah it's teams of 12 and then she won't
see it a glove and I don't know what
we're doing - that will justify it by in
Chinee into a really nice day this
morning was your a cloudy and and
now it's like the sun's fully coming out
it's really off they highlight anastasi
pibbly host knows how to do it you
stupid got my dream woman no I hate
marshmallow
look I get this letter it's a motto I've
got mint in it amazing in something is
like risotto and cheese for risotto with
like rice and cheese a little salad I'm
gonna eat some of him this is what it
looks like on the inside
I already ate on my salad I wish there
was more salad but it's so good I'm
gonna - mini golf no you're not you know
in yes I am no here's my ball
Oh word
our three-year Shannon stepping up post
white with Bronto ho sucks
go again stow it
and the water out of the water nice good
job camera
oh it was so much better than me look at
that get it and then
well I did I hope you mess
close
hey they always get one more stroke
video or the second I'm so bitter right
now
Hamish got a hole-in-one I did not I got
two so I have been at the rim yeah yeah
it like almost didn't go visit it but it
was I know whatever that was what I was
trying to do this one you go up there
into that hole
and then it comes down in there
hopefully
thank God okay you go Shane we both
failed nice
ah so see if I get it and touch your
foot or you move your foot it's gonna
hit your foot and won't come out -
gopher
right I'm just gonna vlog this but yeah
not enough power
murdered yeah I want to see if I'm ever
stole 100 feet never is Hamish to score
in my school I sucked sex you got sex
loosely me damn it
my little man greeted me so cute just
before but my camera was in the car so I
didn't film it did I know you're sort of
freaking cute today I don't know what's
come over here
why do you love me so much what did I do
deserve your love huh yeah come on come
on
what's this boy ask you come on
hold those toys where's my other bag
there is these are my buggy hi crying
someone was saying like when am I gonna
hang this up I think I mentioned it in
like my real early vlogs but this thing
is super heavy and our wolves will
literally tear if I put them up because
our house is just like it kids the house
is brand new but it's just like you know
it doesn't have enough support like we
need to like reinforce a wall if we want
to put it up but I don't think I will
because we're not gonna live in this
house for like years and years like we
might move in the next lake I reckon
under 5 years anyway so if we move in
like 2 or 3 years it's just one with it
so I'll probably do it in her next house
actually put it somewhere special but
yeah it's like heavy like so heavy it
will not stay on a wall so I just put
this I can see it we just when I've got
a bathroom shelf and this from Briscoes
and then we went and got like he's the
stuck it's gonna make cocktails oh we're
gonna make sangria and we're gonna make
like a refreshing like pineapple vodka
mint the soda water thing well that's
fruit couple mint plants holy they
smell so good too we're back here again
and we're done my life is so routine now
just do the same shaver day the thing is
if I film you you'll like screw it up
real bad now I'm filming one do it got a
vegetarian burger from the fish-and-chip
shop I picked out the mushroom so don't
really like mushrooms I did I prefer my
friends in picture and posture and like
and mushroom soles and things I don't
really like mushroom so they put in
pineapple it iced onion tomato and stuff
I put an aioli cuz I do this is sangria
and then this one is mint it's like a
mimic of what we made earlier like we're
not made earlier drank earlier at the
restaurant like pineapple passionfruit
mint lime
sort of water
I'm terrible at this today because my
nails they're too long I can't like
press the button if you wondering where
I might ended up this is where it ended
up we're watching many food videos on
Facebook I mean YouTube these ones
aren't edible the ones were watching
before we edible yes yeah it's just so
intense oh my god that was so good oh my
god you broke it a toothbrush how does
she think of these but you can't see the
saucer what's the point
oh my gosh this is so amazing
no she looks nice thank you so much for
watching if you enjoy my videos please
rate comment and subscribe and if you
have requests
oh my god it looks real I want to eat it
yeah I think it's big time now since
that goal by not to really talk to you
Mauro
