hey guys it is Friday I didn't blog oh
my gosh oh I didn't vlog yesterday
because I was when we got up early
my wanted to get there was super early
for what everything so we've got a
really early took the train into
Brisbane hung around the airport flew
home got home like 1:00 a.m.
well like later than that I think
literally all we did all day was travel
so I didn't vlog I was just like there's
absolutely no point plus I was exhausted
and just you know sorry I'm vlogging
today um and I got home maybe two hours
ago I just stood out today's video to go
live and I had a shower and everything
everyone I'm incredibly tired I was
gonna do some me the same this afternoon
but that's cause you're like vlogging
eating it was a video Phenix wait but
I'm so tired I probably got like four
hours of sleep last night and then we
drove from Wellington to Palmerston all
this morning which is a two hour drive
so yeah I'm exhausted really gonna crash
out super early tonight we'll see what
happens basically done a little bit of
work today videos going up so and what's
the time now it's 1:30 so my video goes
up and half now and me and Haymitch
going to what the dogs cuz I really
really want some fresh air cuz obviously
I'm just thinking like cooped up and
they're friggin like trying not train
yes trained train plane car for the last
like 20 hours so we're gonna go for a
walk yeah I think we're gonna head into
town and buy some golf balls because I
really want pink ones how much really
want some flurry one so he doesn't lose
them and maybe we'll go play golf later
with some friends I'm not too sure it's
Friday Friday night just having a really
chill day get back into it on Monday I
might do a little bit of work over a
week and we'll see how I feel I don't
know I'm just so like overtired you know
when you're so tired that you just feel
like you almost feel like you're
dreaming but you're not I kind of feel
right now so I just slept on some tinted
moisturizers up mm-hmm can't even talk
tangent most razor powder bronzer
highlighter tinted lip balm mascara just
hiding myself up a bit make myself look
a little bit more wide awake than I feel
I'm gonna put on some sneakers Oh what
sucks but I'm just wearing a little crop
top these shorts they kind of like come
out I don't know if you can see them are
is so dusty
can you see um I can't remember I think
I got these off like
white folks boutique maybe this is from
sir pray and then this Jersey here is
just from blessings it's really comfy
he's so happy and healthy again yo what
happened look at the category G like
that yeah there was no light welcome
home one so I had to get the only so
basically my Kindle had like a shridhama
screen and it was really annoying and I
was really gutted because I I need a
headache I screwed or anything and then
hey mr. Bergin yeah I get home and
Hamish has bought me these really pretty
flowers and they're pretty card and he
got me an you can do and okay how
spoiled him ha yeah that's expensive as
well I know I don't know why you did
there that was so nice so kind
I'm keeping the card he's like cards are
so stupid hey Zeus gonna go for a walk
gonna go for a walk okay oh look what we
caught you're such a dick no no just
some fresh air and Louie and Zeus over
there cold now so they can go outside
yay who's there Louie hi me and Hamish
yeah ha ha so that was fun
he doesn't look too bad though back from
we didn't know how to do his legs so his
legs are really long
he's so funny he like knows the way when
we go for a walk every time I get like
veer off this road he's like straight
down there go take into the river
quickly we're not going to mess up what
today just cuz I don't want to overdo it
with them since it's their first walk in
a while
guys let's go LOI he's quite brave
getting in considering usually they hate
water telling very house he's like I'm
done
look I happy his life yay they quit like
this is what happens whatever no people
in my vlog said that they liked it when
we both float yeah and then other people
see if we should have a joint channel
pump it we went to Briscoes got polos
for the spirit room and a new razor
thinks we use time she's all run for
this and we got my logs no we mean it
got golf balls as well you're covering
my floor I look bald you're clapping my
blogs let's got all that goods someone's
caught on look at them what afternoon is
to hang out so beautiful so sunny happy
ray yeah look how happy he is now hey
did you miss me did you miss me when I
was gone come on life of me
he knows this trees been for him in this
I'll show you his favorite ones these
ones and these ones he loves these oh
look who's emerged hi
I also got this fizzers for before we
shave him because his other brush is
like lots of middle bit whereas this
one's like bendy silicon which is
supposed to be good just like gentle you
know gently get all the excess hair out
and everything so I've got two different
brushes so I'll probably go over that
first and then use the other one to get
out the tough knots and I got a
detangler spray and I got it because
it's his exotic coconut flavour which
smells good
okay this is the first head of the day
don't screw it up that kind of hit that
didn't that hurt okay go for it
no you got it across can they see where
it lands oh that's out there there goes
Johnny it's weird that guy why are you
so cute and you yeah what's wrong
drinking out of my gigantic mug we're
just watching this talk to me tree
what's it called again
yeah it's better not really yeah we are
legion it's really good it's so
interesting
