good money guys here's my outfit of the
day I didn't finish last night's vlog
because I fall asleep more just like
chillin we went out for dinner and stuff
this table here is from Sucre these are
from Dante I showed them to you in a
vlog and in my shoes I've I Bellini I've
never worn them before so hopefully
they're comfortable I like this even
though I'm using I mean wearing silver
jewelry it should be fine I just slipped
in these breaks last night so hopefully
they look to me say I don't really care
too much I think we're going to fire
beta day I'm wearing something sweet or
something like that by Mac on my lips
drugs it's called sweat experience
and I've just got mascara on and
foundation bronzer and highlighter my
brows is still healing so they still in
me a stupid doc that is but I think I
can kind of pull it off I hope and I'm
wearing them me close my dad got me then
we gonna grab the breakfast it's like
this thing in the menu which is like
every table you want toasting stuff and
it looks amazing so I'll probably get
that my name's Leah butts rocky hasta
can take it so this is where we're
eating what's it called
headache' apparently it's really really
good it's like old house
I think I'm gonna get this this cookie
is macadamia nut white chocolate and
cream cheese you can't tell me that
doesn't sound amazing this is like a
Miss color doughnut thing I guess I know
it's gonna tell in it your home sir I
got coffee as well I'll show you it when
it comes out and now we have it join
hands well I don't know what kind it is
it's got some kind of like biscuit on it
or something I've got this ever cutter
women in touch where are we single yeah
we're just checking the beach out at
single Australia is the funniest place
names I swear so I'll show you the view
nice ticket when we walk over there my
dear feet off the sand is so nice
apparently there's tons of shots with
the speech that spent not many people
swim it's so beautiful we're at Hastings
point apparently sometimes you can see
why I was from here
I subscribe I think her name was Betty
she was nice so if pot and we're going
to go up to the lighthouse and we'll
shoot some photos
oh it looks so pretty up there oh my god
look at him my bidder is going dude no I
have won it harm Betty look he's dug
himself a hole to keep cold
look at us
bunny so what have you sorry nice I'm
with you okay now we found a turkey a
wild turkey I've never seen a dick why
have I never stated we have taken some
New Zealand yeah
wife I never seen one in the world so
tiny
anyway blew them
rascals look at that cross that is great
grass so excited he's just enjoying his
day yes please
so cute so it becomes this place for
dinner
hopefully my camera does not die it will
grow and I'm being a veggie burger
if you don't wait I'm so hungry it's not
even funny
here's my trimmer chance to share his
mum
mullein placed like a full-on nightclub
it's so uncomfortable
these folks are embarrassing and they're
like glowing in the dark
I know
my feet look so small that is a job
hey guys so it's Tuesday today I think
we're gonna head to town and go shopping
I think it's Australia Day so we're kind
of avoiding like beaches and stuff I
just took my fish by fish Braille fish
tail
no not fishtail french braids out and
that's how my hair looks I really like
it's just quite messy waves
I rather still look super dark of course
cuz they healing they do get lighter one
stuff like healed if you've ever hit a
tater you know how like it kind of
scares up falls off and then you get
your final color it's kind of a similar
concept I think I'm just wearing this
like place that I got from whitefox
boutique this is from boohoo I think and
then these shorts are from we're doing
it them from was a wild peered Dodie
something like that cuz this mess I've
made I'm such a terrible person that
looks so weird
hey guys I just realized I forgot to
vlog oh dang where's me to Robina
shopping mall and when shopping for
hours that's like five videos something
we're hitting in get some dinner so I'll
show you dinner feels like all I'm
vlogging is food thank you for getting
to love so it's just being like chillin
yeah that's what we're doing now it's
like a vegetarian restaurant so it
should be good so this is where we're
gonna go eat the cardamom pod I said
that really weird
look at this plate of amazingness oh my
god look at it it's actually how I feel
right now look at this oh my god I'm
gonna be so hurtful after this I don't
even know if I'll be able to finish that
to be honest it's huge this is the after
we claim two feet after face I know
with still contemplating ice cream oh
look at what it is so ridiculously hot
there's way on my forehead hmm
we're gonna go play some card games I
think and chill look at that he's got a
moss dude in his mouth
look at him oh man
lerton is one over there too what is it
you can't get him you know it's outside
do not realize
so so Oh what's wrong with it go I know
I mean I am losing my I'm trying to
eat it and it's pretty guy outside kids
you think it's like hitch drama
it's told a lot I can't even hear my
computer I'm wearing my blue contacts or
a bit creepy
I definitely like my solicitous oolitic
a natural color lenses better than the
dizzier ones because the dizzier ones I
don't know they're just really in tune
and they dry out my eyes so my whole
I've got this sorry oh yeah I don't know
why did they don't hear my yeah these
ones made my eyes away Morrison and
driving the other ones I don't know why
I guess it's just like the thickness of
the lanes or something look now that guy
stopped I seriously been traded this
video for ages and he just keep going
anyway good morning I wash my hair today
for the first time in ages and it feels
so good if I'm not jamming I do not need
to wash my hair like ever but so as I
start jamming it's like UV signal third
day with tons of dry shampoo involved in
this situation my skin so bad I think it
sort of like different with I like it's
just like gone out of control all over
again this is me this brow I started to
like kind of shooting at the very
beginning I always say I'm not gonna
pick it because it's bad they look
really bold still I can't wait to see
how they look once they're all healed
and everything of course I think they're
gonna look so good like I just coughed
if I just gently moved some of my head
you can see like all the individual like
brush dry so it's kind of hard for you
guys to see because it's healing yeah
this so delicate it looks so good
we're on the tram where we going it's a
Pacific fear that's where we going
shopping
hopefully we can find something to get
our nails done because my toenails are
just gasps doing eels or a rat so yeah
that's a day ends the dead work today
so we're just chilling finding some
stuff to do and yeah this is so weird
yeah we are we made it it was gonna get
lost I don't know what's come over me
I've had a coffee every day for like the
last three days it's not like me I'm
gonna maka
mine is along the black yeah I got epic
otter and hash browns instead of like
fish we'll meet and s'matter mumble
bacon hash browns so we're in came out
and look right down big but in universal
remote look how big this is hilarious I
found some underwear and these brows
look so comfy and I also found a workout
top and I woke up brass just your last
ones
such a good brain it's so cheap it came
away no where do we go first
are we go second oh yeah at Harbour Town
we were spending hits the dirt I would
tell much they hated discounts are most
only got two things worn on two things
only bought stuff from two shops
probably a good thing today so just
walking around the shops and stuff I'm a
field maybe with everything and I think
we're pretty much gonna get some demand
probably picking stuff tonight tomorrow
we head into Brisbane and fly home I
think we land New Zealand at like
midnight so I don't know if we're going
to stay the night or if we're just going
to cancel our room and drive home we're
still gonna try and figure it out
platform in like just one can see you
you can see the cat holy oh my god
it looks so good I have totally
forgotten to say good night almost every
single night while I've been here
because I've just been chilling and
getting super tired and going straight
to sleep so ever tonight I actually
remembered we just played games today we
played skipper and watch some YouTube
videos watch some kiss bleeding that Joe
watched some of Marvel's and yeah
now we're going to sleep yeah
tomorrow we you know I talk to you
tomorrow Hey
