hey everyone so we're in Wellington
Airport I didn't start vlogging this
morning because I just finished packing
got ready got in the cart and we drove
to Wellington
so our flights in like three hours or so
going over to Australia and we're going
out for dinner mums with me and the lady
that just checked us in and Wellington
it was so nice to us she was the
sweetest so so fast so good we're just
going to go get something to eat because
we're starving and then got to go
through customs and everything and chill
out for a while out for a flight there
was such a big like speech just me girls
looking at me with
Blanche hopefully it tastes good just
edited my latest vlog and I'm going to
attempt to upload it here but it's
probably not going to work but we'll
give it a go
yeah that's day nude it and soo nice
even just trying to a thumbnail now so
we here at this place for dinner
it's very meat based and me and Ainsley
were just having like a whole bunch of
veggies what are you having that I'm
having pork belly that's really hot
I'm melting my cheese going on that I'm
a three cheese savory scones sighs I
need some mozzarella on the press hey
guys so it is Saturday and we're heading
off in about half an hour to get
eyebrows fitted me and my mum so I got
uni hurt on my eyebrows right now so you
could see a little bit of a before and
after from this footage I've got the
gold digger lashes on as well because I
thought it looked pretty I'm just
uploading a blog now it's taking a while
it's only on like 5% got 363 minutes
remaining
so if you're watching this in the future
I'm sorry about the shitty timing of
logs and stuff and not being consistent
but it's just really hard when you're
traveling you know being packing and
stuff with the last few days and trying
to work and what picking follow through
this trying to work over the last few
days and taking everything hello mister
where I can never remember if this is
below a pickle this to this acute the
Devon Rex is if you're wondering on the
breed and excuse me
by the way there's a food tents arm
stone his breakfast so we finished
breakfast and we're just hitting there
now I think it's just in there I think
yeah yeah we're hearing up I don't know
how much I'll film I'll film loosen a
bit slower and I'll show you before and
after and everything
you should be fun and mums mom show me a
browser here's mums before there it is
sauna an awesome got the numbing cream
on so why hit okay I got way for you to
see this footage why not is this one so
nice yeah pick different
page time I'm obsessed with the Sultan
look at the section is so nice and here
look at your glitter so glam so
glamorous
so the eyebrows were just being filled
on with a pencil it's not going to be
the same color and not as like bold that
is just like the general shape we're
going for here now mum's going to start
you're nervous or excited excited I'm
excited too
oh it looks so good oh really
this is just like what is it one pass so
far so far so good my mum just finished
this is immediately after they look so
good so natural I love it I'll go closer
okay okay here we go
look how natural that looks looks like
are you just finished yeah yeah like one
minute ago let's get a heavy very
handsome my turn next
okay so I got my eyebrows tattooed on
I'll tell you a little bit more about
them in a while when I'm not at lunch
we're just sitting down for lunch now
don't be scared they will heal lighter
they look stronger go look at this the
suicide the worst invention of life Jack
so we're at Sage I've been here before
it was really good last time we're just
trying to find some snacks to eat we
died and went to a all even got this
pizza it's got the Gandhi pizza and it's
got pizza cheese and like caramelized
onion and bell summit oh my god I love
the balsamic so good you should call
your next one's pinky and brain
I actually after we got them when we got
Tony had too much
I've totally made the wrong name she's
sorted although pickle picker was a
really good name we call them little boy
and big boy
he's like I hate you leave me alone look
what I'm writing dudette
I see oh
pretty girl good morning I'm not
actually wearing this today just woke up
and we're having breakfast I'm gonna
have it ever cut on toast
check these up strallan avocados
definitely win over New Zealand avocados
this is like huge
here is a mango and here is the avocado
it's bigger
losses Ainsley's a partner got these
from Japan egg yolk and the bacon what
it's like a hamster soup mr. Hansen soup
Warner what this isn't even better Sally
would die if she saw this I got to
favorite things look at its facial
expression as was like nah this is way
too fun look at this hamster like what
is it in never Qatar what's happening
it's half an egg joke there's a chick
that gets squashed you put something on
it
hamster is that's really cute
so is this hey move who's first
and what's this Oh Lisa I just want to
start a collection of these no horrible
this thing is there that's not okay that
looks react I'm happy like a a herpe
like an sexual crab Oh looking at I'm
not even joking
why would he buy that is there the whole
thing of all these different like STD
krabsy this one's my favorite look at
like moonwalking we go like oxen are
cutters ignore special features if I can
she's like he's my face this is my
walking well yeah I just made my mum
braid my hair you can't see from yeah if
I haven't done enough to get mum yeah
she did 13 years research like a YouTube
tutorial and then she did it really well
but I need to like pull out a little bit
because we want to make a little bit
Messier but I'll get mom to film the
better and she's doing Ainsley's here
next I'll film it by the way I just
talked about my brows quickly so I know
they look really bold right now but
that's because okay yes it's like that
she said the second and third day I
think is like the darkest it'll look
because obviously like it's fresh and
it's healing and the like skin is
healing and in like a couple weeks it'll
be like the proper colour or whatever
I've juried my care sheet I think it's
something like that but yeah it looks so
much darker now didn't they actually
world I've got no makeup in them and
then they all go god I've got the scar
on my eye and they will like fade too
like the end product later once it's
healed
yeah there's my makeup today I did like
really black eye makeup to kind of
balance that out it was browning I still
to this day like a collection yeah
wasn't it like that I hate a bit oh my
god I've got lost him so far so good
I'm here in a got you will never leave
you let it be too much
to you it looks cute this is horrendous
this entire car park is full akia only
you can even tell how miss of this place
is there would be take thousands of
people in I care right now we're going
to hike it if you can't talk with angel
is here looks cool can't believe there's
so much hype over furniture people
singing there's a whole food court why
why I don't understand the situation
there are people everywhere like what
are you buying I can't believe that they
had to write this and the showrooms
nearest toilets are located at the IKEA
restaurant like there's a reason that
label is there like it must have
happened at least once
Aynsley got us this and halation it's so
good you can find it try it it's Swedish
chocolate this place here called Becky
Anna I think I'm gonna get this that's
really good I got a mocktail mum got
alcohol now come on I'm kidding
what is it it's a single turn single Jen
I like how you pointed it out it's a
single yeah
