cool good morning I just got back from
the gym and today I'm just editing all
day so it's my last proper day I have to
finish editing videos for while I'm in
Australia next week I've been traveling
so freaking much this is my last trip no
it's not I go to Auckland Lake after
that and then I think I've got a little
bit of a rest for a month or two I
actually just like being at home I know
it sounds like I'm complaining about
traveling I obviously love Tripoli
otherwise I wouldn't do it but I also
just love being able to be good once
it's over but I'm still excited for my
trip hey I'm just making some juice I'm
not very hungry I might take Jason a
banana or something for breakfast and
then I reckon for lunch I might make
some kind of salad and I'm gonna have
tacos or something I think I'm gonna
make some creamer fries and some salad
for lunch
how good things look John okay
big lunch cuz I'm hungry I forgot to
have a banana earlier yeah the juice was
good so it is the afternoon
3:41 Louie answers have been sneezing a
lot so they had another bit but visit
visit visit hammer shouldn't severe
before and they've got a random strain
of kennel cough which is annoying
because we took them in like three weeks
ago or so to get all of their yellow
vaccinations including kennel cough
vaccinations and they've got a different
kind of kennel cough so the poor boys
have been sneezing and snotty they're
fine like they're not in pain or
anything they're just sneezing a lot so
yeah Bates the video game so we've
literally spent hundreds and hundreds
probably like at least a grand on pit
bills lately honestly you guys you're
thinking about getting a pit please keep
these things in mind because it can cost
a lot of money unexpectedly
and I feel like that's why there's so
many animals that are like taken in to
the SPCA and stuff because people don't
expect these things but they do have but
like our dogs are healthy and we take
them to get all their checkups and stuff
and stuff still happens so it's just
something to keep in mind I'm not saying
that in like a mean or bad way but
please keep these things in mind you're
right I think he's sulking because he
was the one that got to go into the vet
the vitsin needs to see Zeus as well
because he said that hit the exact same
thing they've got the same symptoms and
you know it's contagious so I can't even
take them for a walk this afternoon
which is annoys me that I don't want to
get anyone else's dog sick so
unfortunately they have to stay here
don't you let me and Hamish might still
go for a what later on who knows love
you and little Zeus is feeling a million
times better than the other day at this
point which is fantastic
any little sick bag of it see that
coming with Hamish said seven or eight
similar eight dogs came in today
like literally today with the same thing
that does caught the random kennel cough
thing so obviously it's going around I
don't know where they caught it or how
they caught it
maybe I don't walk with something I
don't even know but it sucks we're
popping into the plaza creature
we just got it cleaned hopefully they
take a job did you get that inside
cleaned as well over there with chili
beans in tend tomatoes in here it's
right sister some people find their I
suppose just joking well you were doing
an Italian take it was not Italian food
it looks Italian it's Mexican Tucker
avocado is so beautiful oh I've got to
do tomorrow but I put tomatoes in the
bean sir and go just do those too and
some sour cream wilds and it cooks I got
a new package today inside we have this
Kiwi seed oil eye cream and a lip
conditioner Kiwi seed oil definitely try
them can I have some olives as well
these ones I like the tastiest ones ever
this is so good I've just been like
mention on them
this is like the root of stepping in a
while good morning I forgot to say good
night last night I'm sorry
we kind of like watched heaps of TV
we're watching that oversee and then I
fell asleep so I did heaps of cardio did
cross trainer for ages and then I did a
run
hence the bright red face oh I haven't
run in a while and Omega man I feel so
it does he know so it plans today I've
got a finalized on my videos while I'm
in Australia next week I leave tomorrow
and I also have my hair appointment
because my roots are really bad I last
got my hair done like almost exactly two
three months ago and yeah I'm getting
that done and then I need a pack of
course and then yeah that's pretty much
my day money you're doing look how cute
you are in the bean bag that's so small
oh not really real well are you got a
bad cough mm-hmm we reckon it may be his
third soul because he's coughing so much
but he's got his antibiotics so
hopefully within the next day he picks
up a bit I think he's actually just
lighting up the attention he likes that
when people feel sorry for him sometimes
he shakes on purpose so people think
he's cold and cuddle him and then he
stops instantly it's so funny he's
really clever do you love me I know no
stopping what you know tell me how it is
yeah it's good it's good for long today
yesterday's one was real nice I liked it
oh no oh no I got some mail today so
I'll open it quickly before I head off
to my appointment I've got like 15
minutes I just want to put on some like
light makeup because I don't want to
look like a potato while I sit in the
hay dressing - yeah I've talked about
this already so but something from Karen
mural and PR company I'm with so oh but
a minister fit this Nordic blondes
what's called anti yellow refresher
mousse and this Karen mirakuru donut
lipstick it's really nice like orangey
red
what that let's go spring the bugs
outside I kind of get over it
sup now oh my god this spiders like
falling out of the gutters I saw it
what the heck oh I made me some avocado
and smut on toast for lunch
because I've got to leave in basically
five minutes sir mrs. Goff my face my
appointments at quarter past
app HIPPA grant is still broken I forgot
to buy a new one hmm
terrible lighting but got my hair done
the colors so nice we went a little bit
cooler rather than the warmer not I
didn't have like warm blonde but you
know what I mean like it's actually
properly cool now try something new
got a different low light color put in
really like you'll be able to see it
better in another vlog clip when I'm not
like awkwardly hunched up in the car so
it's now like five o'clock gonna go home
and start packing okay sir just don't
picking finished off my work for the day
is now twenty to nine we got this bigger
fuel blue and dumplings to share with
race he helped us stain offense hey
mission rested this today looks so nice
your
