every one so I've slowly been working on
waking up a little bit earlier working
up at 70 both mornings this morning
yesterday that made no sense link to
their gym and is now quarter to ten
already there's my I'm gonna film I'm
working on a sponsored video for
Valentine's Day with a really awesome
brand one of my favorite brands in the
world I'm so so so so so so so excited
to do that I'm gonna do a really bold
Valentine's Day look and I'm also gonna
do like a natural winners bottle closer
to the time and then I'm also I might do
like a lip swatch video and then I'm
going to do a boxing taste testing video
but hey mesh
there's my plans for today and then I'm
gonna eat it this afternoon so I went to
the gym this morning had a shower
already moisturized I was peeling real
bad so I like scrubbed at my chest the
learnings a little bit crazy today is
super sunny but windy and cloudy so the
lighting should be interesting to film
in hopefully I managed okay I'm gonna
make a really quick smoothie I mean I'm
going to blow dry my hair and get
straight into it a lot to do today I
also got one package I'll show you the
package quickly there I made my smoothie
and then I'm basically gonna run off do
my filming and I'll talk to you later a
little gift from Puma my beer is their
shoes because it looks like a shoe box
size oh I think these are shoes oh my
gosh look how cute Haitian and Puma and
global cultural icon Rihanna have
announced a new multi-year partnership
which kicked off in January this year
these suede creepers the first shoe
curated by Rihanna for Puma and as part
of the Puma by Rihanna collection under
the fenty label oh my gosh they're so
cool I know these aren't everyone's
style but I actually love these kind of
shoes I'd appear when I lived in Oakland
a couple years ago and I loved their
makes it that were a half size too small
so every time I wore them they're like
hurt me so bad but they were the only
size leave but yay these ones will
actually put me oh my gosh I'm so
excited for these yay Thank You Pema
Puma Puma I don't know how to pronounce
it how do you pronounce it can you tell
me can you tell me this is feeling a lot
better now and she baby yeah
I don't know why my camera is so bright
right now we don't I think I figured it
out city league I must have missed with
it at some stage anyways let's get the
girl Oh too much good green stuff
actually will love it even coconut
powder in there it just is so refreshing
like I don't usually like coconut water
alone like I can drink it and I feel
good when I drink it like it literally
makes me feel so much like more
satisfied I guess I hydrated about the
taste like bothers me occasionally but
in this so I'm gonna refresh me I can
make sure smoothie tastes like I don't
even know it's like water times 100
hydration so I did this makeup look I
love the lighting is kind of terrible
but I did like pink and purples on my
eyes love it if it feel like Valentine's
Day for people that like a more bold
look rather than supernatural and
Gillian are like it's still girly but
it's like badass as well so now we're
gonna film the unboxing toys today's
video and then I'm gonna eat it for a
while is 1 o'clock
hey man I'm old finished filming Hamish
filmed with me so that was nice of him
my gosh the food was stopped so yeah no
I'm just getting ready to eat it I'm
gonna get changed out of those talk cuz
I just want to put on something really
comfy and begi hey lunch Yeti that I
just realized I'm not really hungry
it's really good you got two more
packages to open these up quickly just
prefer get stuck into my editing by the
way later I'm and ham should go into the
movies I'm so excited we're gonna go see
they caught me what its gonna tell you
later alright sir and the fault was this
isn't it yeah and it was too long off
simple gosh give it in Patrick stuff I
didn't even know this was happening
how could I relate to these girls that
oh and as we moved from me then we'll
work for you so that's when I started my
okay and I received the CC cream by
manuka dante SPF 20 hey missha's vlog
busted every day he's vlogging today so
she got his channel but we bought this
recently my aunty has one
she's got cats and they're grabby like
our dogs are grubby and she recommended
it was expensive this is what we went to
I remember how I said there to order it
in so it's called the Bissell healthy
heat or healthy home Pro heat and
basically it's a carpet cleaner
and it's meant to be really good because
the dogs bring in dirt and as I see it
the other day like Louie pees on the
carpet sometimes and I don't know we
just thought we'd give it a go because
we don't want to get our capital ruined
it's already got a little stains here in
there so we're all assembled
so hopefully this thing looks well they
see how fast the water goes from clear
to dirty those windows need a crap cling
to this so grabby
do you know how to work it so I'm gonna
roll up and ready to go
I think it's hating now cuz I turn the
heater on low E but I should write yeah
we probably should read the menu so
we'll see if it removes this mark here
that we couldn't get out huh
you and your do it
yeah it's not hot though
yes I need to choose this trigger this
is really good yeah that's really good
ready for like yeah look it's gone now
okay so can you set yep recording on bow
yeah so we're gonna see if we can get
rid of the Stan
so definitely wear it so much faster
than when we had to get like the boiling
water out and like you know all the
napkins and stuff
alright I'm dressed time to do some
groceries and we're going to go out
doing hits the movies
put away the groceries and now we're
going to go for dinner
I think we're either gonna go to
Portofino alone stuff no you're copying
my oh you're clapping you're copying my
vlog this guy might do this got the
prohibitive start here's mine mushroom
pin you know what I mean I showed you
well we're not vlogging the same stuff
Matt so we're going into the theaters
now let you guys know how the movie is
in a manner so we have just arrived at
Downton sydnor's and we are gonna see
the 5th wave hmm good oh yeah
yo what up so we just finished it was
just the way we liked it I saw some time
coming on my video saying they didn't
like it because it was like cliche I can
see like there was some like cheesy bits
always not but I thought it was actually
really good light and see most of it
coming until it was like is it and then
it was like whatever but it was really
good I liked I reckon it's worth
watching yeah I just we were just saying
like we wish that there like disaster
bits because like obviously you've seen
that if you've seen the shorts of the
movie how these little bits of disasters
I wish there were a bit longer it was
I don't want to say too much today I
want to ruin it everyone but there was
some good twist that he muttered oh yes
they come on yeah there's good twist and
stuff like it's not just like simple you
know it's really good and I reckon there
must be a second one too
so I hope there is cuz yeah I'd watch it
see I'm gonna get my vlog now it's 10:35
um yeah
talk tomorrow
