hey guys when iran's gonna get hell at
the moment so we've lift pomades ten
o'clock getting to Auckland and I'm
really excited we don't know what we're
going to do not yet we're just going to
see how we feel once we arrive so
there's so many birds on the road and
then a has noticed a bit we don't the
kind of people that are just going to go
hitting him and so like what kind of
sweat out a little bit and then they
said they're looking you know
so yeah I'll smoke you make it there I
guess it's not gonna make much to vlog
while we're in the car in the cup like
paid Oz whatever it is look at him
smiling what kind of dog is this is he a
rowdy it looks like a really big one
though Simon judo balls yeah but mine
was like a mixed breed so I wasn't as
massive as them he's so cute negative
so we arrived this is our room show it
from the door put a missive bid which is
always nice in a little relaxing area
and tea wage is pretty standard but very
nice as well and look at out of here so
creepy well I right above the road he so
I think I'm gonna put on some makeup now
we might go into town who'll look around
oftener and stuff so chill night I'm not
feeling very well it's like a really bad
headache so I need to find some
painkillers a step so here's my outfit
it's kind of casual but not casual I'm
just wearing black leggings these are
from Peggy Marie and then these little
galectins booties and then a plain white
tee it looks really unflattering in this
lighting it's just the lighting I
promise and then this thing from boohoo
and then this Nicolas is Veronica B then
here's my makeup it's kind of coming out
washed out at some rainy so a massive
wind oh yeah I'm wearing I'm nude mixed
with baby pink so I'm nudist jeffree
star daytime I mean who I'm known as
superstar and baby pink is in SLC
Beverly Hills and then I'm just using
like a couple of different pellets for
like my face and stuff my brows in
astrology believe it was my mascara is a
mixture of Shalott Oh Bri and Mike
Jacobs I'm using this on my eyes and on
my cheeks and this will tell my cheats
the laura mercier one too and i use this
primer and then for my foundation I
mixed this with Nasia gloy so now we are
hearing down the parking building we're
gonna go to Silvia pack hit a little
look around and then hopefully we'll go
to Sawadee if hanger grease good tonight
because my favorite Thai place and
the world there's one
yeah I like the black penis well people
like the white ones better but I really
like the blab it's crazy different from
this sore bag oh my gosh I can't wait
what's the hips width like I was getting
a new car like we've gotta get and the
reason we have in here is because I've
got something else in the works before
we buy a Range Rover which all will be
revealed when it happens so hopefully
hopefully soon yeah right it's called
priority yeah it's exciting its
priorities okay no life at anyone duyan
Hamish Vegas marriage and moving the
trolley before it blows in somebody's
car also for the record we parked badly
because this guy passed badly okay Wells
now fault it happened I got some coffee
so I'm falling asleep with whipped cream
oh they're gonna be such a big friend no
there's not the right box I don't think
I'm buying issues from which remove
let they're in sales so I'm making money
I just may take lessons as well
holy what happened
I just got basic then you may have a
shot yeah it's mostly me or if you guys
are gonna get basic tips if you're gonna
your boyfriend budget issues from
California yet the Hondros good yeah
hot mom so we're hitting two-story for
dinner hopefully they're still hopefully
their kitchen still open it's quarter
past eight it's crazy I don't know where
the days go on my table viously we spent
hours now is driving but it doesn't
really feel that late I suppose because
it's so light outside still as well so
you're a bit of an epic Shop up I got
heaps of clothes painted up getting two
pairs of shoes not just one I met heaps
and heaps of subscribers and followers
which was nice as well sorry if I was
real old forty anybody because you know
how I am a potato yeah it was really
cool had a good day so far gonna go eat
some amazing food I'm so excited by the
way I'm killing in this one little spot
just hear the songs terrible no it's so
annoying though I'll show you tonight
when we get there my makeups looking
good still I really like it it's nice
and fresh looking one of my favorites I
don't know if it's my favorite but wait
the thing is when we lived in Oakland we
didn't actually used to go out to the
reopening believe it or not which is
strange
I think I'm gonna get those fun
being fancy got or equally
strawberry in line what you get yet
strawberry line
any shuffling I got some spring spring
rolls before my carry here they are YUM
this is my one and there's lots of stuff
to the right potato dumplings guys
topless right now just a shower and wash
my face and shave my legs and it took 12
hours I'm just gonna say goodnight now
cuz we're just chilling gonna watch a
movie I'm gonna sleep it's like 10:30
already talked to morrow
so guess what dumb he forgot to pack up
their charger for their camera there was
me so I'm just gonna not blog too much
today I'll save most of my blogging for
tomorrow hopefully when I students and
everyone so this is my makeup of the day
my lipstick is by buxom it is called
unscented candy here's my outfit wearing
the same license boots and then the
stresses from blessings as well I got it
yesterday I like the back of it extreme
my hair for the first time in ages
like when I found
hitsue be with veggie tempura Hamish got
this sweet chili in teriyaki which is so
good oh my god I'm so excited this is my
all-time favorite part the broccoli I
always get like a lot like can you see
how much broccoli isn't it Hamish likes
the seaweed soup babe
damn sick sick hamish spoilt me got me a
couple of rings and I got a couple of
dresses from coop I like a great one
with a strap around the neck and then
this white one which is just like a
skinny like body called ruched dress
like a wide wrist recited a massage
downstairs Hamish is going to pick him
up that's the room we came up to visit
massage you didn't I was like a
singer-songwriter he moved over to
London for his career and everything and
we haven't seen him in like a year I'm
so excited to see you again
it's one of might be a screen saver and
we hung out like friggin all the time
when I lived in Auckland there obviously
I moved away and then he moved when we
haven't seen each other in ages so
really excited to catch up with him
should I show you my makeup of the day
it's really simple just winged eyeliner
brown eye shadow and in pink lips and
bronze to skin and my fake tan developed
heart out so yes my finish is not dark
enough I didn't bring a dark enough one
so just rolling with it here's my outfit
the skirt is from frigging you I kind of
wish I go size smaller because it's a
little bit like poofy and it kind of
like makes me look like I've gotta miss
a gut when it's just like baggy this top
is from Glassons I'm in love with it so
cute I can't do it the top button though
cuz it kind of like popped up so I just
leave it like that
I think it's right though and then I'm
gonna wear some white witches these ones
just here which I from City it
classifieds I don't even remember I got
them but they just witches so today
we're going to a winery and yard
whatever you call them they go just
wine-tasting chill out in the Sun it's
like 24 degrees today on Waikiki Island
we go to white yarn which is like one of
my favorite places on earth so yeah
we're gonna go do that and I'm so
excited and then who knows what would
you later we just gonna roll with the
flow
hopefully my camera doesn't die as I
said I forgot my charger so that's why I
didn't really blog yesterday I've logged
you you sure I don't think I did
hello it's me so we've had a sinus slash
beer /
yeah so we're gonna walk I know for a
bit okay I feel something I don't know
what we're doing on the boat
peasant take it away take it off yet
very car it's something wouldn't we're
not what a car I think I've seen this
couple yeah
we made it look how beautiful it is
hello candles took off are we gonna
Cheers sweet place is sweet and good
food wine actually quite nice I don't
usually like real one but this one's
good having fun Hamish yes tell them
what we just wanted but I don't know oh
you mean the wine or the food perfed so
we've got a cheese board we got fries
fries and fries
this is Miller yeah
so we couldn't good bad here with 20 bad
weights peanut easy way to they pork
oh yeah she's straight up she look where
we are
this happen
the special secret Prime on a secret man
this is a mushroom burger yeah that's
mine a little bit vodka soda lime on the
side
