hey everyone so I don't know what I'm
going to do say we drop off the Porsche
at a higher place this morning so it's
got a punch at well not really a
puncture it's got a boy yes it as a
puncher it's got a nail stuck in the
tire so I wish dropping off some ways to
be sure because the type of wheels that
the Porsche hairs and the type of tires
there are or something and it was just
such a big mission so those are getting
faced it's going to take the whole day
and then Hamish is just gone off to
Wellington early with the car so I don't
even get to the gem so I don't know if
I'm taking the day off today if I'm
going later or I don't know I'll just
play it by you this morning I'm going to
set up my video for today
like I've uploaded it and everything
I've just got it at the downbar also got
a package I think I might film
I feel like filming and doing makeup
with something I don't know my package
from camera really cosmetics came I
ordered this not that long ago like
maybe like five days ago to get some
more of that brush cleaner before I
mention it my video in case it's sort up
but the shipping from camera already
Christmas news along with that brush
cleaners so expensive I'm sure it was
like a hundred dollars or something but
I just bite the bullet and do it because
it's reliable and I couldn't be bothered
using Sephora as it is also for it's
probably cheaper to do it that way yeah
so I got four of them cuz I love the
stuff I know use it and I didn't have
any left because I gave my last one was
taken - last one - Sully because she
wanted to try it so got my stuff MA
I've also got something else in here oh
that's right I just got some mini ones
as well for like taking with me when I
travel they're just in a little spray
bottles I should really just got one and
then refilled it but I didn't think of
it tour right now and then I don't
remember what else I got even that was
like a week ago so I got this bigger eye
brightener under eye brightener just to
get a go I love the packaging it's so
pretty
I also got the luxury pad in banana I
got rid of mine ages ago
because I didn't like it but I want to
try it again and see if I can make it
work for me I also got this been my
shimmer powder to give it go Kamio
shimmer no idea what its gonna be like
I've never heard anyone talk about it
and then this youth poll at all what
does this court bronzing highlight a
trio that says I don't remember ordering
this I wonder if they just check this in
here for free I'm not quite sure I
usually order stuff like this
who knows just make a smoothie for
breakfast because don't really have my
chalice we were gonna go get some like
fruit and stuff because we don't have
anything for juicing either but I think
we're gonna go to Auckland either
tomorrow with it needs today so there's
not really much point buying any fresh
food right now this job you love
travelling all the time but basically we
kind of Oakland because insides home he
didn't watching me for a while you know
he Mossad is he's a singer songwriter
and a good good good one of my best
friends pillows well who used to live in
Oakland when I lived in Oakland we were
so close and then I moved here and then
he moved over to London I think he is at
the moment over in England and stuff so
I really want to catch up with him so
yeah that's what we're gonna do me and
Hamish and also say like Chris and staff
as well see that she'll be good oh I've
got another person here for me sir I
forgot to show you this is Mark J cos
one now main Hamish open this and we
were like pretty blown away like this is
pretty advanced okay like I'll show
you so it comes like this it is the
velvet and why have you say that would
major Volume Mascara anyways and then I
took this away
I just think the idea of transformation
and creating this person that you want
to be or show the world in any given
time is part of human nature and the joy
of being is that not cool like that is
so cool like it's like a freakin TV in
here what the heck oh my god can we talk
about this packaging god damn I bet this
was expensive to buy but it is her
pretty that I need to give this a go
look how nice I'm not gonna open it yeah
I'll use it on camera for the first time
maybe I'll try it today we'll see how we
go that's what's in the mail today guys
time to make some breakfast it's really
good even though the good green stuffs
in there I feel like the blueberries
Muscat the BSI if I do a few more
blueberries you can't taste the good
green stuff as much I think it's the
blueberries maybe very like icy tasting
I don't know it's pretty good so yeah
I'll just have this I feel so like we're
not going to the jump because usually
it's just like what I do without
thinking like you get into this routine
because you know when you first try to
go like get into going to the gym it's
always a exhausting is that kind of
bothered but for me it's like I don't
think about anymore cuz I just do it
everyday
well let you read weekday so soon is
like I'm at home on a weekday like not
going it's like strange you know
hopefully as long as we don't leave
Fulton super early teens ah okay so
today I'm gonna do a Kylie genetics by a
makeup look and I'm also gonna do a fist
impression
it may be neat this video we'll see how
we go I want to eat it this afternoon as
well what's the time is team 34 I
thought I'd be saying for me earlier
because they didn't grow the gym but
just to keep you lean today's video took
ages so it's a necklace someone gave me
in my own pure box yesterday I didn't
show the pan the drawee it nationally I
open it straight away cuz I was just too
excited to go through all the packages
but this is what it is throw my mam
halfway through a fist impression right
now but I'm slowly half damages the
memory card that I thought well you know
the footage you say I said I thought I
deleted footage by accident I found the
memory card it was like underneath a
pile of like pellets on my dish I'm so
happy yes so I can edit that I have to
refill Matt I was like no I also found
some other footages but I forgot about
the orange lips in the frickles look and
also I get rid of with me from ages ago
which is really cool because it means
that I've got something else I can eat
it up if I'm ever busy audio but so I'm
so happy about that thank goodness I
just had to update you that just made my
day
like it seriously dude and by the way I
figured out why I was feeling a little
bit down for like the past two or three
days Shark Week just started so that
explains a lot
I was so worried yesterday I was like
why do I feel so down and just upset at
everything and I just couldn't figure it
out I think boom that happened and I was
like oh that explains a lot spirits are
a lot higher today because I don't even
know you know everything's explained in
that happened and I'm so happy so now I
know I'm gonna have like the best
filming day as well so just thought I'd
update you happy times one more video to
go I feel like this makeup look into
that thing very similar to my purity
influenced one which is a fail yeah well
let me know if you still want to see it
my dogs are so and winged what is this
I can't have a clean house ever can I
never never never I'm just going to get
some luxury but I thought I would say
this because I saw someone ask about
Italian Greyhounds as pits for more
about like their toilet training
so basically Louie was difficult to
house-train
and he's still not perfect and I don't
think many Italian Greyhounds are ever
going to be perfect they are very very
very difficult to train especially if
it's raining so here's perfect all the
time except for if it rains so you know
if it's just normal weather he will
happily go outside his little cat door
and go out on the lawn and find a sport
into his business but if it is raining
like if it's spinning sometimes he'll go
out but if it's like proper raining he
refuses at least I let him out the front
if I let him out the back he will not if
I let him out the front of our house he
decides he will go out there so it's a
bit difficult in that way he usually
goes to the bathroom like obviously
throughout the day but then also light
in the middle of the morning I like 4:00
a.m. so sometimes if me and Hamish can't
catch him he will go to the bathroom on
the carpet which is obviously not ideal
but we just have lots and lots of carpet
cleaning things you know on standby but
it's not perfect and there's honestly
like not much chance kind of
disciplining him I guess like I don't
know it's quite difficult
it's just Italian Greyhounds like they
generally hate water a lot of them
that's the experience like I've kind of
had and other people that I've tortured
at owners Italian Greyhounds like say
they the same kind of thing obviously
like if you're an amazing dog trainer
you might have a bit more like me and
Hamish are not amazing dog trainers or
anything but yeah and now he's like over
- so it's kind of like difficult to try
and train him now but yeah for the most
part like 95% of time he's good but yet
be warned like especially when they're
little puppies it is difficult and it
took us like a solid probably a year and
a half to get him properly trained so
there's a long process if that's gonna
bother you don't even go near an Italian
Greyhounds like we weren't just gonna
give them up because of that I know lots
of people take their dogs to shelters
and stuff because they can't train
no no it is not easy but if you put in
at the time anything perseverance like
you'll get a reasonably good outcome I
think we've got a pretty good outcome
and here's just the cutest little thing
if I can never be mad at him hey hi I
love you so much
was your brother are you gonna come and
be annoying if I go so how to him I bet
you whoa because he gets jealous oh look
at that belly look at you we had ideas
he needs a haircut
it's your bad lead he's so happy out
here we have this bed here because he
likes looking at the door he like is a
good little guard dog and he loves the
lino cuz he obviously gets so hot even
when he's shaved like he gets pretty I
think he sits on like the warmer
temperature you know how loves the I
hear cuz it's nice and cool and like you
get the little wind from under the girge
he's lost my new nails
it's like scratch me put it in my lunch
anyway I'm having these again here's the
lunch it is now quarter past two so I'm
gonna eat this and start editing cuz
I've got so much editing I want to get
done when is there a couple of logs in a
beauty video we we done picked up the
car weed we get it from Tony's tie
service tell them what they sorted out
for us Tony's tire service that was so
good how much did that the service was
amazing they saved us like $450 at least
well I had heaps of trouble finding
tires we finally found some tires and it
was like six hundred dollars for one
tire we had a panel where'd package on
the portion it was like $600 for one
tire but then apparently with a Porsche
you need to have both tires the same I
mean I'm not even asking stuff so help
me out any surprises here share this
picture here that's like--that's my
someone mature than I can get hundreds
of miles back don't think I said
actually picture of us so I'm hey I'm
gotta guide it and fix it
anyway long story short there's a big
story but it costed $45 instead of at
least five hundred 1200
oh yeah so I mean it's awesome saving in
this heaps of treat on the tire so we're
nation in new tires but yeah yeah just
because of the puncture so thank you
people it was really good it's really
good
my guys are super nice they feel so
tanned look at you can be about look
up here or appealing I think say yeah in
here dear
and I'm still real rid walk them
tomorrow
Holly maybe not now I'm waiting to hear
back about a video they asked me to be
going out from Friday so hopefully I
have it boys we can't go yet
Oh show people with us as well guys go
see this movie v way of art you can
enter into a competition on my mush mush
vlogs page go down there and just
comment below and say 'we deserve the
double passenger voice but it's on
facebook mush mush blogs it's not on
Instagram
but um I don't know when Indian so I
haven't decided yet
okay but yeah it's still open and it's
only for New Zealand residents are all
people that live in New Zealand we love
this extra say yeah name Chloe I always
figured it has it
hello Chloe grace Moretz she's my
favorite
a little bit of cheese over floor but oh
well I finished with it it was very
glowy we gonna go to Auckland tomorrow
somewhere to go but some accommodation I
am so tired and finished off my first
impression Tara probably white like one
more hour though this foundation is like
a jeweler jeweler
Joey foundation hints the reason is
super glowing I've got how I draw my
cheekbones to plan for such a mission I
went to like four different places to
train you the right tire apparently with
Porsche like you have to have so like
both opposite sides have to be the same
same brand same size yeah all that
and in order to do that I would've had
to change the tightest that brands not
available in New Zealand anymore what
are you doing Tony advice so I just
packed up all my makeup got some face
wipes there I still need to pick a lot
of stuff but I could not be bothered I
don't want to pick Louie I hate packing
I used to be so onto picking but now
because I drove all the times like yeah
I can't be bothered
did your friend just come over and try
to steal your toy he's she did races
house-sitting again which is nice of him
I get to hang out with your cousin
urease hey you're very cute he knows
he's like I know what you're doing your
pack in this is why we get house it is
because
it's nice leaving Louie with someone
that actually let you know he's familiar
with because that way doesn't get all
anxious Hey
just cuddle up with them instead like
nothing even happened I have the glam
glow jewel cleanse treatment or
something
the oily glam glow the one that smells
like pure on my skin is breaking out
it's always now I know why know
something I hate doing is booking
accommodation and trying to find a good
room because you never know because they
always lie in their photos and it always
looks way better than it really is
it's always overpriced and it's so
stressful pictures which one is the best
because you just don't understand
ain't it the truth are we gonna stay at
the Plaza heard from lovely till we get
back when the Crowne Plaza Oakland we've
stayed there quite a few times so it's
nice it's a bit more expensive than some
of the other options but like we don't
know if there's good car parking and
we're taking the Porsche and we don't
want to pack a leg outside we want it to
be inside or underground like away from
people and drink people and stuff so
would you like a cranly war story of
available up a story
do you always quieter yeah cuz if you
stay near the ground like I'm Saturday
isn't this rule about you sure you want
to do this right this place
yes don't stress me out at least we know
we can get packing there it's not
exactly
it's and we know where it is and it's me
everything and it's just easy
I just gotta be able to missing around
you all go we've been looking for like
an hour and I'm sorry it's 15% vet
what's vet techs isn't it Oh have
another word for something the thing is
they tell you to put in your details but
they don't even take the money out your
details there's time anyways we're
watching ah we've started watching the
second season of is it the mining of
life or is this the an Idiot Abroad
sorry we're talking about yeah yeah good
morning a block isn't it
the second series of the money of life
is so
I think I might be better than the first
one so we're watching that at the moment
so yeah I'll look tomorrow
we're just gonna drive and stuff I don't
know how interesting oh baby yeah let's
watch you tomorrow bye
