hello okay so just go back from the gym
a little while ago hopped in the shower
wash my hair cuz I'm gonna let my hair
dry while I finish up cleaning I'm
cleaning out extra good because you guys
threw me I'm missing I'm not like dirty
I'm just me CA if like I'll just leave
stuff everywhere um anyway yeah I'm
gonna like actually organize my stuff in
the bathroom and everything again
because I'm gonna film at a nighttime
routine
oh yeah probably gonna film that tonight
if everything gets done it's Friday I'm
so excited and I'm going to after that
do so many videos Instagram like home
makeup do like a skincare video with it
Instagram just loving doing them lightly
like the one minute videos love it I
want to try out some new skincare I'm
like still really puff from the gym we
did like shoulders and a little bit of
arm and back so and like some kya as
well and I'm just so exhausted but
anyway are we gonna try and say if this
bitch can easily stuff is that what it's
called I think so
turned out okay I've got to finish it
off now I'm gonna do some froze while
with a tink
it actually tastes really good it's a
little bit runnier than the stuff we had
in Germany but I'm okay but it's good I
didn't add yogurt or anything just
little bit of honey and some berries I
change of plans I am going to film my
little mini video space because I just
feel like I mean afterwards I will just
finished hiding the room it's really
pretty much done just got to put away
some bits and pieces and like over there
just put away like the jewelry and stuff
it's not too bad we vacuumed in
everything already and dusted and did
all the boring stuff well I'm just
looking lovely as long as the dogs don't
do fluff anything or drag around toys
everywhere
it'll be it perfect for later do you
love it I like just tidy up for the
videos otherwise I'm just like I don't
care I think basically everyone else in
the whoa kids more about like me being
taught evening myself Hamish is pretty
tidy I am NOT I am so Missy like I just
leave stuff lying around everywhere
totally drive some nuts but oh well it's
just me I know some of you guys would be
the same as me
but so if you get really uptight they're
like oh my god your house is the next I
like hip moments about it I'm just like
you don't live here it's okay it's fine
like don't worry about it I'm surviving
I'm healthy it's okay
metal pot after that oh my god I just
kind of my hair I've been using this I
use it as a conditioner today I've uses
that actually so it's basically like
similar to all the pleats I would
personally describe it so you can make
leave it in your hip ages and then you
know condition afterwards whatever but
sometimes I use it just as a conditioner
it's as you can and I use it as a
conditioner today I'm just obsessed with
the stuff I know if you guys are proud
of it just be lovely go home what's gone
through a whole tree already
I took it to Germany with me as well
just uses a conditioner my head's not
even completely dry and already look how
like friggin shiny amazing so smooth as
well just feel soft okay I need to sort
out this situation I hear that you guys
sorry I filmed a little mini makeup
tutorial on this look which I just
smudged on my concealer I can feel it I
don't think I said it properly I was
like itching my eye I still Ovilus oh my
God look he never sits in the Sun oh my
baby so cute okay anyway yeah I did like
a little skincare mini video for
Instagram and this makeup look of
Instagram by the way these lashes are
penta lashes before make that is solo
glam and my highlight is Aurora bag so
beauty and then yo show you everything
ass in the video oh my gosh time is it
it's only a little
wait is it one no I thought it was a
living please don't tell me it's 1 p.m.
oh my god it is okay I need to get
cleaning
I'm not hungry yet so I'm gonna hold off
lunch for a little bit I'm going to
finish cleaning
do some editing or probably have lunch
in between there and do some editing and
then film a nighttime routine video whew
I'm excited hopefully you guys like it
done
make the bit later which I might do on
the video okay before I do it the
bathroom I'm gonna make some eggs on
toast cuz I am hungry
look at these flowers life will end just
take me oh my god
thank you so much they are so beautiful
I believe
there's ugly either why'd you put
my head like that here you go here's a
gloomy underneath now lame Ford yeah no
that's better
unbelievable so basically I've forgotten
to vlog all night because me and Hamish
filmed a nighttime routine for my main
channel oh won't you seem better really
this is a music app a blog and 9 o'clock
at night but Yolo oh and a shared on my
main page
and we're about to watch this enough
it's Friday
whoo yes I'm topless right now that's
how I sleep let me just like reduces
brightness because I look creepy then we
covered don't you do that
Leia's look whatever that is so tangled
look at all those links look at the feet
in surprise this time he's not you you
know haze always like what yeah he's
like where are you going come back so
yeah bye I'll see you later
what's this
I try to remember to vlog tomorrow is
that the pink hole my arms and shoulders
are sore Sam what what and there's some
have ended you well it's like way up to
Episode five yeah I'm finally getting
into it it feels like me but it's
getting bit
it's been white guys ago you're
arranging it let's be real okay so
episode three it's like yeah this is fun
yeah behind the door oh well he is this
thing he's terrified of behind that so
he got it and he started something way
behind the door he like just this
waitress kid I don't know why he's like
that's enough you throw it like twice
and Louise like no no not too much
exercise
he's very lazy despite how he looks he
got some mash punkin today you know like
he boys that's a knife ready one more
out the door let's see if I can get this
out again okay
he's alright one more feeling
adventurous oh oh my god should be fine
perfetto something against the worst
forever
nah he's done now for sure it doesn't
even fit in this map look it makes it
thick please don't throw it I just want
to relax
he's cute look at him
do you know someone wrote on my page
today that Lily is ugly there's a nice
try huh reply and say you're ugly and
not all people like I know yeah he's not
ugly
yeah I know I'm just joking did I never
like me though no how could you how
could you hate on such a cutie look at
that little face probably can't piss
them by say see you tomorrow bye I love
those boys right
