good morning I am so bright red I did an
hour on the elliptical today cross
trainer that's all I did my feet hurts
so much I have a blister I tried to run
and then it was just rubbing so some
reason they looked at who doesn't hurt
blisters so much I found today so that
was great
those plans I need to get it Wednesday's
video Friday's we are making Monday's
video and I waited you have a little bit
later today that's called a totally bin
I went to the gym a little bit later
because I was planning this morning
planning my videos for the week so
that's all done I've also got some pure
BOTS may I show you that later on - oh
I'm so hot
I'm gonna make a smoothie
let's be ruh
this looks revolting why Kyle it's like
a chocolate milkshake with chunks of
green in it
just as that coffee and banana I ran out
of protein powder so I was like yeah
I'll do it coffee one today I felt like
coffee I died Louie
you are the cutest okay Hugh he loves my
new nose I was like lying there last
night scratching him and he was just
like inhibin dougie given a hmm and then
when I stopped he like gets what angry
not right Oh kind of he like nudges my
hand with his nose is I don't stop I
think he's feeling a bit lazy right now
there hey by the way people always say
like Oh his nails are so long like trim
them but he just has a very long a pink
Pat to his now and he literally got his
nails clips like how long ago a week and
a half ago yeah they just look long all
the time that don't worry he's fine and
you I get them professionally done
because I'm terrified of clipping them
too short making him bleed it's like my
biggest fear mm-hmm he loves it here's
my lunch it's the muscle fuel I think I
kind of remember this it's like brown
pasta and vegetables now put some
cucumber sauce on top and if you wonder
what that noise was it was him but some
but some but some teammates are really
weird you all Nimoy's as like it sounds
like a little dinosaur
so this is happening you make it very
hard to work Lu just painted their
thumbnail at the moment I just exported
my lips chitchat your teeth it's such a
fail like not the actual like video but
I just was having such a mirror of the
day apply my makeup so hopefully you
guys like it I'm a bit windy in it
because I just keep complaining that I
keep screwing my makeup up but it ends
the day I actually don't mind the makeup
look now that I look at it and it just
goes to show that you know nobody is
perfect especially not me and it's very
chitty chitty chitty chitty so hopefully
you guys enjoy it I think I'm gonna put
this up tomorrow Wednesday so I just
uploaded a daily vlog on the vlog
channel it's 4:30
I also finished editing Friday's video
in Monday's video I mean I'm in today's
video I'm really hot I want to go watch
some more brushes I'm feeling sort of it
upstair right now there's just been some
stuff happening in like personal life
it's nothing to do with me and Hamish
don't worry okay maybe it's my solid
thing in my life okay
just other stuff is happening and it's
stressing me oh my gosh don't worry
about it because I don't want the
situation to get any worse I'll probably
address it at some stage but right now
I'm just not gonna talk too much about
it because I feel like sometimes when
you start talking about things that
people get carried away and start doing
more do you know what I mean like not
just with like what I'm talking about I
just with any situation in life like
people just like to annoy you sounds
really bad anyway and then I just read
this thing on the spca page skip forward
this could be like a trigger warning but
just some guys training his dogs to
attack a goat you guys know how much I
love dogs you guys know how much I love
goats and it was just like the most
awful article I'm not going into detail
because I will literally start crying
again I've been crying about it it makes
me so upset these people should be sent
to prison but no they just have to do
some community service and pay a fine
like whoop cedar it's not even a Miss a
fire or anything these people like uh uh
they just uh why are they so many evil
people in the world like there is so
many asshole was I'm just like
just put me in a bad mood no no I just
feel sad I don't want to how much to
come home he's at the doctor at the
women which rides me by the way my
wisdom Joseph stop hurting all of a
sudden
Hamish did that this will happen he's
like they'll come in and out in and out
I don't know
yeah they don't hurt at all I'm kind of
happy about but I'm still gonna go to
the dentist soon I'm actually drew for
my yearly checkup and like a week or so
so either good before or after I go to
Australia I don't know how to see what I
have time I just feel so deflated I
think it might be a time for another b12
shot to be honest like I feel so
deflated and not like myself and then
off last few days I don't know if you
guys have noticed on YouTube but I just
don't feel happy I don't know someone
said on my day hundred 773 that they
don't know if I'm still doing the our
TVs but this is Shannon V other than the
secret stuff you can't talk about yet
what are some things you'd like to do
and achieve this year honestly a lot of
my goals are in motion right now which I
guess that gives a lot of hints I've
been working my little white ass off if
you guys might know I don't know I'm try
get my goals in order other than that
this year I really just want to focus on
myself which sounds selfish but last
year I felt like I pushed myself a
little bit too hard with these vlogs in
the end like I love doing these logs as
I always say I'm not saying I don't like
doing them but there's a balance of like
making sure I still give myself some
time and filming these vlogs every day
that's kind of like the fun part the
easy part but then editing every single
day like including weekends is just a
bit like overboard once I've already you
know like this is only my second channel
it's not even my main thing I do three
videos on my main channel as well I'm
trying to figure out what to do like I
don't know if I should just merge these
blogs together a little bit like I kind
of have been doing lately I don't know
if I should upload list on my main
channel like I just don't know where to
go but my goal this year the thing I
would like to achieve this year is a
little bit more relaxation I guess a
little bit more like chill time a little
bit more me time a little bit I don't
know it's so hard any of you guys out
there that are self self-employed you
know like
it is hard to separate like work and
pleasure because when you work for
yourself there's a lot more pressure
there's a lot more things to do and you
know that's the thing like people they
are your size so you can just have up as
much time as you want that it's kind of
not I would not change my job for the
world I love it to bits but it is like
Hajj Mississippi right like you know me
time and we're time so I'm trying to
figure that out and I just I don't know
I'm not very good at it it's one thing
like yeah last year I was just overdoing
it a little bit like I was still very
happy and enjoying myself that I just
was always exhausted and like there
wasn't enough time off camera so I'm
trying to figure it out I don't want to
stop these looks I genuinely enjoy them
but it's also getting to the point where
like some viewers a like most of you are
so kind and chill you know but some
viewers watch these vlogs and they get
they kind of lose the boundary point I
guess and like you know our last year
with the whole like boob grabbing like
just boundaries are starting to get
blurred including links to it like my
home and just like people coming up to
me and saying certain things in real
life including people that don't watch
me they're like you know clearance of my
viewers saying things and it's just I
don't know I just don't know what to do
about my channel I guess I'm just goes
stopping it's personal but then I feel
like it's so boring like it's just like
what do I even talk about then and vlogs
you know what I mean I don't even know
what to do like my life is so confusing
right now I'm just trying to figure it
out I'm so red right now I'm just hot
and upset and weird you know I say these
things to you because like I feel like
I'm talking to a friend but then I
always know there's people out there
watching me that really like can't stand
me which is weird because I'm like
waiting what you mean but you know what
I mean like so I say these things and
they're like I put them up and then most
the time everyone's supportive and then
all of a sudden I get all these like
assholes as well I'm just like why did I
say that
it's probably the same situation here
like I don't know I just don't know
where to draw a line and it's like I
need a draw line so other people realize
by the drawer line if they makes the
inside I don't even freaking dollar
I know Hamish sees that I should give
myself like the weekends off but the fun
stuff here comes on the weekends like
there's no water log so it's so tricky I
don't even know
I'm gonna go watch some more brushes
because it is therapeutic and I just
feel like I just need some time to relax
and think you know and it's funny
because usually everything about YouTube
is what makes me the happiest like I am
the happiest when I'm doing YouTube
stuff other than like if I'm just
chilling with Hamish and enjoying myself
like that way but I mean like I love my
job I seriously do it and if it makes me
upset normally like unless it's just
like you know a typical haters audio
like if I'm having a weak moment but for
some reason today I just don't feel good
it's just one of those days I guess I'm
also really good at because I found some
footage of like a first impression you
know that first impression I did with
the two HD make it free of the
foundation so I can't find the riff like
it just ends and like no I don't know
what to do and I'm really upset about
that like I don't know if the footage
corrupted if I seemly deleted it
I accidentally deleted like all these
blue post files the other day and I was
like Roja to myself for that and oh I
saw this little goo that makes me happy
Louie you're so cute I love you all
right I'm gonna get off my camera for a
while and go have some me time I'll talk
to you in a bit simple dinner tonight
I'm gonna open up some pure box mail I'm
gonna show you some of the stuff and
then litters and things because I know
some of you said that you don't like
watching me read litters and stuff I'm
just gonna write it down in the downbar
like all the names of people that sent
me letters and stuff and yeah so you can
see if I got your letter I'm gonna read
them all tonight so the first thing I
opened up is a gift from Twitter Century
Fox it's like a big book with comics in
it how cool is there is I still love
reading these as a kid and he Tracy if
you're watching I remember reading all
her like cat got a little Garfield
comics and things like I loved it like
is this not super cool thank you so much
to whoever sent me that from 20th
century all those cute package from
Sakura I'm sorry if I say your name
wrong she sent me some jewelry from her
mum's business and a cute little pin but
thank you so much
I got a super cute ring from Molly from
the
we say thank you picture how cute no
it's a little package or from made by
basic she said she sent me a vegan
makeup remover which is so nice if you
think here that's what the makeup
remover looks like it's actually really
cool packaging I like it
and so just install this one I am sorry
to see this Katie everything kind of
melted including me
whoops this is super cute oh there's an
address down there thank you so much
Katie this brand gave me a necklace
which is really nice of them listen go
online thank you penguin I've actually
been meaning to read this this is the
second one though isn't it so I need to
read the first one fist this is such a
sweet a little later super cute look how
much more stuff there is so much or one
of them got ripped open when my friend
was stop it one of them got ripped open
when our friend was house-sitting so
like you know those videos of the goats
when they you doing the way look at him
creeping closer and closer is sitting on
my name is Hamish what's this charades
you place your rates on PlayStation or
is it just like you have to do it then
it's all the computer instead of written
down audio
I hate charades so there's no way almost
of all those awkward is when you go
somewhere and there's a big group of
people like 8 people and then I hate
guys so the everyone get to know each
other we're gonna say our favorite
cartoon superhero we're gonna say we
were from and then you're gonna have to
make the sound of it animal and
everyone's gonna have to guess it how's
it fun does anybody any want to do this
no never
he loves my now light rubs his face and
nudie smile no those teeth that makes it
he's got beautiful teeth you hear that
did you hear that this is from Sydney
look how cute her dogs are I love this
is from janae and she said that she
hopes that listen speech hood my vlog
this did break I'm sorry but I love the
drawing
Lisa still in the frame the glass just
broke out of the front of it and I put
into the mix now what happens
