hey guys my face almost matches my
sunburn sorry today because this sunburn
and I just got back from the gym I like
it could not do anything involving my
arms cuz I even just wearing this
friggin sports bra hurts so much I'm so
angry at myself for getting it burn she
were just stupid bitch I just did the
treadmill today just over an hour
including cool-down home so I've already
done all my steps for the day which is
great yeah that's pretty much it I did a
little bit of running and then I did
like power walking on incline I know I
was really into the whole cardio thing
today so that's all done just got home
obviously now I'm gonna have a shower
wash my hair I'm gonna film today I'm so
excited I'm gonna do like alright gonna
fist and push in and a tutorial maybe
another video I don't even know I'm just
gonna like film as much as I can because
I'm like in the mood and then this
afternoon at 3:30 I have a nail
appointment and I think I'm gonna get
acrylics for lunch because I never get
them and I'm going somewhere very
professional I'm going to account
remember watch it what the place is
called but I'll film it it's the place
that we wear my now lady beside us how
to swim my auntie goes my auntie has
been going there to get croelick's for
like the past
iemon are several years and the lady
that does them is very professional and
doesn't like ruin your neck so now I
trust her to do acrylics on me you know
I don't trust many people with acrylics
cuz it's so easy to like damage your
nails yeah I'm gonna give them a go see
how they go so they have long nails for
ones like I think I'm gonna get like
coffin shake or something like super
crazy just because I've never done it
before and you know it's in New Year and
I wanna try something new
look how ugly my nails are right now
they're like super grown out and they've
all like today and told him I'm gonna
miss my old nail chicks toe match though
she was such a sweetheart and just like
you know I enjoyed going to get my nails
done she's such a good chair to them I
got some mail too which I'll show you
soon I'm just gonna make breakfast first
shower or show you that later because I
need to get some filming done while I
can because I'm really excited I think
would you like smoky eyes or something
with done demon ages
this is a very good green stuff ish I
can do it I can do it sorry I finished
filming the lighting is so bad on this
camera right now I did this makeup
tutorial and I also filmed a secret kind
of video which you'll see on Friday it's
just a collaboration with a company that
I think is super excited still -
anything yet I think it's going up on
Friday so yeah I did an unboxing kind of
video and the makeup tutorial and now is
2 p.m. so I want to go check on my video
that just went live and I also need to
eat some lunch because my nail
appointments in an hour I was gonna film
one more video I didn't end up doing the
first impression
just because my skin's been playing up I
decided to wait another couple days I'll
probably don't and when you stay or
something anyway the liver I need to go
eat before I do my nails check out my
video stating all right so I got changed
so that I'm ready to go soon it's nice
we passed I've just shared my video and
everything I am going to have a mussel
pol I bought more last week got a bunch
of the UM these ones
whatever they are chickpea and pumpkin
rusty on spinach salad so yeah you need
this for lunch
here is lunch I have about 20 minutes to
eat and then I've got a rush out the
door and get my nails done I went for
myself actually beating my nails done
because I'm making I feel awkward yet
you know I don't know Mona you know lady
very well yet
you know oh my gosh yes I think I have a
ticket via link often oh my gosh there's
so much longer than what I'm used to but
it'll of them are we met do I cam it why
like bye bye Christmas tree I hate
taking these down yeah I already put
them away look at Louis what are you
doing
it is 6:56 p.m. and i just finished
editing yeah I did yeah I did so I'm
gonna make some dinner now I don't want
to have another one of those meals
because I already had one today and I
don't want it
um I might make something easy I don't
know what I want though maybe I can make
like the tirsty or something that would
be nice I'm gonna show you something
male like I got three parcels today I've
already opened them up sir
yeah I kind of know what's inside but
kind of darn at the same time so it's
got some stuff from makeup to code in
zid open this first
yeah I haven't tried this one before
this is the met finished spray by NYX so
this is online eye makeup not coated in
Z and the contour cream kit yay so if
you've been trying to find this you can
get from makeup to put into I feel like
I said makeup to occur NZ too many times
just now the next package is from made
of tomorrow dot-com
move tomorrow
so not used to these nails yet hopefully
I get there Oh cute
these look like little ice creams is of
the is that the whole point paper clips
2016 diary oh my goodness
to be fair I never use Diaries but this
one's so cute
maybe I can give it to my mom cause she
loves Diaries it's so cool or if I use
Diaries I would definitely use this one
it's so cool
it feels nice like it feels like really
sturdy you know oh my gosh here look at
this piece okay go tape cute wait is it
yeah it is
they seemed a few of the gold tapes
those be cool for like Ross golden ruler
which is cool and then a bunch of these
little things and then it's so excited
Urban Decay's seek me the rest of the
this all the myths from yesterday and
the rest of the ignore Stefani
collection they see me another palette
oh my goodness what is this one blush
palette I didn't even know they were
doing a blush palette like look what is
and lipsticks I make it man I'm so
excited I might do it Instagram tomorrow
at all so you can see some of the colors
bathwater blonde oh brow balls yay
Thank You bins okay this is what heaven
looks like I freaking love toasties they
like one of my favorite foods ever
dinner in bed kind of watchmaking a
mirror I'm just winging finish he's just
coming now and I'm gonna play woods with
Friedan's some addicted to it again
lately I used to love this game and then
I stopped I kept losing and now I'm
playing in I'm not very good I'm not
like the worst ever but I mean
hi guess who has the hiccups tonight I
think this is comma what episode without
chair
perhaps you thirteen of making a
murderer if you guys have seen it do you
think that guilty or not guilty
leave a comment down below I don't know
I get so confused anyway I'm going to
say good night now
hip guys enjoyed today's bug know until
tomorrow
