oh my gosh it's on outside hello
everyone it's Saturday morning and we're
going to Foxton to play golf with our
friends quite windy upon me so hopefully
it's not windy out there I've got my
windbreaker jacket on just in case I did
my makeup I doesn't try to film it
because nothing is happening
my maken went a while today so I think
my skin is finally over it ship it which
is good this is on my lips it's like the
best lip plumper ever the Too Faced lip
injection and candy boost got my egg
sandwich where are we we're not even
halfway and we've been playing like two
and a half hours this taste oh my
goodness I'm exhausted I'm not even
gonna edit a blog today I know that it's
so bad but I think we're doing other
stuff now and I'm just so tired I can't
even concentrate I can't even freaking
breathe on my own without thinking about
it six o'clock so I think I'm gonna go
get some dinner like straight away don't
know what else is happening Louise so
excited be home hey guys I'm sorry that
I did not continue vlogging last night
my tooth is so low if things I haven't
told you in my vlogs I know I've been
going on a better on to whatever my
wisdom tooth is coming through and it
hurts like a freaking bitch like this
whole side of my face is like swelling
and it's like making my other teeth hair
around it my cheek is all swollen cuz
it's like pushing on my cheek and stuff
so sore I'm sorry than that on top of I
got sunburned I think I got a bit of
heatstroke
oh my god I just overall felt like
absolute garbage last night what
happened was me at Hamish got back from
golf I don't know what time we finished
up like 5:30 we came home and had some
tea and then basically it went to bed
and watched making a murderer and we
watched one episode and then they're
sticking up so I fell asleep because I
felt really really average so
yeah I didn't continue vlogging or
finish my vlog or anything so I'm sorry
but at the end of the day I just didn't
feel well so that was that I mean I am I
should try to figure out what to do
today they're outside several chairs
it's real cloudy and windy this looks a
lot worse than it usually feels but I'm
still pissed off at myself like I put
sunscreen on my arms and stuff and then
I just obviously completely forgot about
this area and my back as well if my top
hit like a missive cut out in the bag
and I just forgot because I'm usually
I'm usually really since when the Sun I
always put on sunscreen you know I put
up my arms and everything in my arms are
fine but so I'm really here's my makeup
of the day I put in new context I
checked out those other ones because I
don't get really dry my eyes these are
dizzy Oh mint touch I think they look
kind of scary I don't know yeah there's
my makeup and then I'll show you my
outfit quick it's super simple I'm just
wearing a grey t-shirt from dotty this
is from sue pray at the jeans I think
are from ASOS my boots are cutting on I
feel like I've worn this similar but so
many times I've showed you these pieces
for may times I'm wearing some jewelry
Hamish got me bracelet from make up doc
oriented and some charms from they emit
my mom wore rings from Hamish the main
necklace I think is from my dad and then
my perfume of the day is C but George
Armani it's smells so good also can we
just admire how long my hair is getting
hold on go ahead oh my baby sobbing I
feel like this is becoming a week a
ritual to me finish
make cotton on underwear shopping we win
interest misses you
why is this so dark again we're going to
dismiss it here vacuum it's like a
carpet cleaner
like we go in there and it's there and
there's barely any leaves in New Zealand
and were like oh we want this she's like
okay we have to I'll go get it
she's like I can't find it and we're
like okay and then we're like can we
have the floor model and they'll like no
you can't and we're like okay so we have
to order it so put away for that so we
can't do that today just find annoying
we went to like Harvey Norman was it one
dick Smith or something and they had
some like there were way more expensive
so we'll just wait for the other one to
come in and now we're going to go home
I'm so tired I'm gonna get a vlog and I
really honestly just don't what Walter
and I'm sort of tired in my eyes it
might hit her - I melted I took some
painkillers so it's a little bit good
evidence - I'm just exhausted I don't
know why I feel like I could just sleep
all day long
we're having a negative moment PAP when
we're driving when you're coming and
offer them a coffin the - Lena you're
merging and the person behind you just
decides that it's a great idea to like
zoom past you and cut you off and like
you don't mesh like is it you know like
that person who knows and there you go
and then she decides later I don't even
front of here and like almost crashing
the sorry okay
like because logic was finished it is he
my blog it's full p.m. I also dropped
off my camera I'm using Hamish this
camera right now dropped off my camera
to get fixed because of that era thing
like you know the other day I said I was
trying to do my makeup and film in it
just Kate like earring out and it was
like and lanes era man I've got two
packages one thing already opened I want
to choose it today I'm using it today
the new I'm proud to find is by
Anastasio Billy films they sent me a
blond type and soft brown I used blonde
today yes they sent me a couple other
shades I'll try them out to the blonde
suits well it for like a really natural
look but I might try the soft brown just
for a more like dramatic kind of brow
cuz like yeah obviously I've got my brow
plumper on as well which darkens my
brows but just the blonde was very very
fair okay good for people that have very
fair brows all very light-colored here
so yeah I'm gonna experiment with the
other colors too but I liked it it
wasn't like super pigmented which I like
because you actually had to like go over
a few times to get lines which pencils
like that because I don't like the ones
where you just drawn once there's like
this big dark line oh it looks really
like intense because you know it's hard
to fix it's better if you have to kind
of like do it a lot I also went to lash
today and I got I just thought me ask it
is every time I've been in there three
times okay three times in the last month
I would say yet month because the first
time was before Christmas and they just
didn't have any and it finally hits on
so I got to because I love this if you
saw my um etc random favorites video I
talked about it and feel free to go
ahead and look I will link it down below
in the downbar I have no idea what's in
here just kidding I can't show you it's
different from the last package I
couldn't show you but it's still
something I can't show you but I think
you'll find out about it in about a week
you'll find out very soon but yeah I
can't show you hey sorry I'm just gonna
clean a few brushes because oh yeah I
like the clean ones at all just follow
up brushes it weighs like a lot my gosh
this room smell so good and you'd have a
bathroom when you start this is a vegan
net brushed shampoo with coconut locally
it's the reason I was really intrigued
is because it's made with like coconut
milk sounds nice and conditionings
hopefully it is yeah I'm gonna give it a
go
look at this clean your brushes twice a
week
find these normal brushes ways is in
these ones to clean this one was a mesh
which is weird I feel like that should
be easier so far so good though
alright hits when I got done so far
that's enough for today I'm just going
to kind of chip away at it
cuz that took forever that brush shampoo
is really good though it works well he's
ooh hey Lily Lily how don't smack me
with it well is your new toilet League
there it is
we've got him a new toy from came out
today it reminds me of Christmas Lily
is he your new toy well it suits us as
well but he doesn't like sharing van I'm
so jealous
can I have a turn what he loves that toy
squeaks you're not he's so happy they
dead look so place boy ready are you
ready
have you got it on the right sitting
there the tall probably not show me so I
did a thing and I got the vegetarian
pizza from Aleppo because I meant ages
and I'm so excited - so is he but you're
not getting any no am I gonna watch some
Netflix
look there's me
