everyone so I speak from the gym it is
10 past 10:00 I was at the gym it stop
my timer was at the gym for an hour and
a quarter
today I did a bunch of cardio just
cross-trainer / elliptical and power
walking and clang and I dare do two
kinds of leg press and a couple of kinds
of squats with the kettle balls I'm
pretty pooped I'm very hungry - so no
make a breakfast smoothie now and then
I'm going to edit the video that's going
up today I need to edit the down bar and
then I'm going to edit my daily vlog and
I'm gonna eat a video for Monday and
they're not going to your finish off
cleaning like I don't have much to do I
just need a like wipe down the
countertops in vacuum so that's the plan
for today not too exciting I've got a
bunch of mail as well but I'm going to
show you that later once I finished
editing and everything alright give it a
go making some tears but I guess I hit
up having like a herbal tea in the
morning
sorry nice taste stupid banana eesh the
non nourish then a new lid my name is
cha so you know I need to wash my hair
it's so gross
what up it's 107 and I just finished
editing my vlog of the earth of Monday
you made it on my daily vlog mixed some
lunch first
I just made some more to you much
success I've finished editing for the
day I've done my blog I did someone as
you guys already know if you're watching
my daily vlogs and I didn't Monday's
video so just clear the description
before Monday it's a Friday I just
realized it's Friday it's the weekend
tomorrow I'm so happy since I've been
like so out of it I feel like it's like
Wednesday or something but it's Friday I
just realize also my wisdom tooth is
coming through it it's sort of
fruitiness for my mouth kids like Salva
tating like if I stop talking for like
one moment my mouth fills up with drool
so I think I need a book I did just
appointment a set the thing with my
wisdom teeth is I know this isn't very
uncommon lots of people have this
problem but they're lying like
horizontally instead of like up like a
normal tooth points upwards they're
lying like pointing towards my other
tape so I can feel the head of it coming
through and pushing my teeth together
and I've noticed this too here is
getting even more crooked than I already
was which is great
yeah I'm still I think I'm still gonna
get Invisalign so I need to get these
wisdom teeth out a set before my teeth
get worse because that just means more
treatment time and I can't be bothered
but it's so so on the side besides a
little bit sorry about the size way
worse I've got a trip to Oakland like
next week or something and then planned
it yet but that's what we're doing and
I've got
Australia the weekend after that sir I
don't know what I'm gonna be able to get
ready put some teeth out plus they'll
probably gotta wait unless I don't even
know how it works to be honest so I got
some new makeup from mellow cosmetics
which this packaging is amazing so I've
got to try them out also got some stuff
from benefit you see me these coasters
have fun Ibiza you're hotter than a
curling iron
hello the opera is calling because your
beauty is off the hook if you were words
in a page you'd be fine print if I was
at the library I'd be checking you out
you're easier on the eyes in cucumber
slices and finally you've got it glowing
on girl oh my god I love them then they
seemed this little all-time prime kit
it's got some professionals down astray
and oh it's a mini perfect for travel
and stay flawless primer and then they
also sent me a little cat litter thank
you benefit I got some more muscle fuel
meals as well been raining all day
yesterday it was like smoking hot and
today it's just raining on and off
there's just like massive rain clouds
everywhere so that's great
what are you doing mischief you're
winding up your brother
hey what hey miss just came home before
it is it's 5:10 he got home like half an
hour early and he's like and when you're
in the gym now and then when I get home
we're gonna go for dinner so change of
plans
I'm just gonna put on some makeup I got
through a lot of stuff but most of that
there is gonna get donated and then I
just got a vacuum and wiped out my beach
sir
some stage there's so desire it's like a
playoffs I think drifting so windy
I kept trying to fill my makeup in my
camera keeps breaking it keeps saying
like lens era and stuff so just don't
happen
I'm still hungry I don't know where we
going for dinner yet but I'm looking
forward to it oh it's in Chapter music
chillin with the BFF hey someone's tired
I'm sorry can you find me an outfit
please going off to dinner now I just
realize how badly I need to turn my head
it's like bright yellow I feel maybe
it's just the lighting so rough sighing
I don't know where we going this is what
happens
Shannon will go where do you want to go
for dinner and all meats and something
they just like I don't think she want
there but when I say something I'll just
be like I'll go wherever so why don't
you just decide fine we can go look at
the roads today
I found this place as an orphan and
we'll go to arranged marriage that
sounds so young the name of their
pleasure name there it's actually and
named after arranged marriage like a
traditional thing that they don't a part
of India where the food never like it's
it's just about arranged marriage in the
part of India that the food comes from
and they just named it arranged marriage
because it's like a cultural thing I
thought it's like it's like a proper
cultural like thing that they do if you
guys saw last night we were watching
home alone and obviously it's about you
know this little kit you guys not home
alone as anyway cheek up on YouTube
Macaulay Culkin 2015 and he did this
video and it's about home alone and it's
awesome now really old how it's so
creepy much creepier she should check it
out he's gonna act alone
apparently he acts real like drugged
what's the word I'd say drunk I
don't say dragged but he's
just acting he's not actually that way
the guys say but the producer that made
the new video he said he's not even like
there so he's a pretty good actor to
hold everyone
let me go out with Mila Kunis for like
eight years
no no that here we go
are we here at arranged marriage and I
feel like I pick the wrong thing did you
find anything you like
it's quite cool inside you guys want to
come and check it out the Lighting's bed
got the wrong side for lighting what do
I feel like I don't know so this is the
place we're at we're gonna see the men
using you get got stuff my Birds
so we're trying these talk to him and
Hamish you're sharing and then I'm going
to get the paneer curry in the middle
there name some her braids I think that
was so fast
so we got this cauliflower stuff and
then these little donut this looks so
good it's like hurry
all done will you finish what's the
verdict on arranged marriage it was all
right I wouldn't go there again it's
quite cool how they give you like a hot
towel to get on an on/off your hands at
the end yeah what's a little things yeah
I didn't really like the food well I
liked their cauliflower hate the door
not the lentil donuts were okay like
they weren't like amazing but they
weren't yuck like they were nice so I
probably wouldn't get them again I'd get
the qualifier again but my car I was
like least and coriander it was kind of
bland compared to other places the place
isn't bad though maybe we should try
something else next time we go I think
I'd rather just go to Indian tonight we
I kind of went for butter chicken which
was a mistake I shouldn't just go for
just the staples I should try something
new yeah I talked about how I'm gonna
try something new but I need a door yeah
I don't know everyone said it was like
amazing so I had really high hopes I
guess but I don't know it wasn't my cup
of tea
everyone's got different taste buds
though yeah that was then what's that in
your mouth
who's that poor monkey kitchen this is
so fun so fun
ready can I have a turn your voice gets
all up in your girl in your face he's
like dad look at my toy I know I see it
yeah get it Lois
got it you did it set yeah you don't
know tricks what you run who's a fan
this games coming out so I'm get it get
it for your boyfriend's girls plants vs.
zombies garden warfare toe it is the
 it's real good how good my game of
the year so far and it's sad to be
we just finished episode three a if it's
like three I don't know you're just
tired so you should be in a Poisson
stream so we just finished watching it
and that's so good I feel like it's
finally like propagated like this if it
was average ya know sleep now talk to
you more
no off me please who knows what the heck
ups get it off me
