good morning everyone is yours I forgot
to put make him right charge I'm so bad
with this plan for today I just got here
from the Jeff you can tell the plan for
today is I'm going to edit a daily vlog
and Fridays video this morning and then
maybe another video I'll see how I feel
and then I'm going to hopefully clean up
my bedroom I just want to get like the
house clean before I get right back into
like work and stuff like obviously I'm
still uploading and editing but before I
start filming a ton and editing a ton
and getting right back into everything I
just want everything to be slotted
because obviously we've been away from
home for so long my house is just like a
pigsty and hey mr. Whitney as well and I
know he appreciates it I have Justin
cleaning because usually he doesn't open
to me not even know why I'm a terrible
Missy person I'm not like dirty like I
won't leave dirty things lying around
like dirty dishes and dirty clothes and
stuff - Dead that isn't my suitcase
because I haven't gone through that yet
but very Missy like I just try stuff
everywhere and for some reason it works
out and my favorite all the time like as
soon as I clean up I can't find anything
it is nicer just having a nice clean
floor and everything and also I want to
go through all my clothes and get rid of
a bunch and put them in like to give
them to the Salvation Army or something
like that but a ton of clothes that I'm
not wearing at the moment and like when
to stop that I won't whinnies GSR near
do that that is the plan so I rivers I'm
gonna have a smoothie again I'm
scheduled the same one is used today I
think
today smoothie is super green pretty
good I'm trying to like add more greens
and lifts fruit into my smoothies and
then for lunch I'm having a pit and a
banana and I might have some have a
couple just see how hungry I get I've
also got a green juice wrist snack today
and thinks it's done I reckon I'm gonna
make my kurma and chickpea thing with a
side salad I think I'm getting used to
the taste of good green stuff like I can
taste it but I think I'm drinking myself
into slightly liking it don't like any
of that tolerating it Louie Louie
why you so weird
it was the most disappointing at the
cutoff hit in a while hopefully it
doesn't taste like garbage
I'd like refuse to waste avocados
especially cuz they're expensive and I
really wanted to have a cut on toast so
hopefully it doesn't taste bad mister
tastes really good
I'm also having the rest of my banana
the Lighting's firm in the reason my
banana I didn't have in my smoothie this
morning and I'm gonna have this pair
thought this is my pet just like one and
which is like um why did you buy that I
was like because we don't have eaten it
before it's called a red peer
imaginative name that's good I've been
editing my last favorites video for like
the past three hours or maybe two and a
half hours it's now it's about 30 and I
am 14 minutes in I've got six minutes
left of footage so it'll probably take
me another 20 minutes or so hopefully
and then I can do my daily vlog and then
I can go start tidying up my bedroom
which I'm actually looking forward to
okay so it's been all afternoon cleaning
I'll show you my room soon because I've
got to put away those new clothes I
wanted to show you the new clothes I got
from dotty and valley girl and stuff
it's a clock so I'm just gonna make
myself some dinner now I already planned
what I was gonna have is I said just
what I'm gonna have like baked kumrah
and some toppings and salad and stuff
so here's doughnuts half of a orange
sweet potato some cream cheese chili
sauce tomato kale spinach and tzatziki
sauce which is just Greek yogurt mixed
with cucumber it's gonna do like hummus
and nuts and stuff but I just felt like
simple food so this is my dinner and
it's not very simple to some people but
you know what I mean oh my goodness I
forgot to add my chickpeas okay
also chickpeas YUM this is gonna make me
so full all right so here's where I'm at
with our room I've got a few things to
put away down there gotta put away my
suitcase and coat hanger is gonna make
the beard and just finish unpacking my
suitcase with makeup but I'm gonna just
put away these clothes now so I'll show
you what I got I'll start with dotty
because there's less stuff sorry if you
can hear how much doing the InSinkErator
so first off I got these shorts here
from joy I thought they're really cute I
also got this pair here which are more
over like coral kind of pink color wait
get off you would you would do that I've
so got this top here was Hamish's little
request it's just like a flood kind of
begi missed' top you need to get off my
clothes and I also got this top here
caught my eye I really really like it
it's just like is the front crop top and
it's great this kid will not give up now
also just got a couple of plain t-shirts
because I always need two shows because
I always ruin them and wear them out and
they get stretched out so quickly so
yeah I've got a couple of them do you
mind
poor mr. had a spew before he's fine
he's been eating and drinking like
normal so you must just eaten something
he wasn't supposed to eat and then we'll
do in valley girl it's got a whole lot
of like random old tops though having a
mess of so everything was like eight
dollars so I just went nuts because I
like getting new tops for my videos and
stuff so it was a little like a reddish
one and I don't even know if any of this
stuff will be in stock still by the time
you see this video but give it a go I
also got three of these tops I got that
color the white color and then this like
red color thought it was quite cool then
Hamish
made me get this one he likes blue so
that's like a little lace
drop and then I got this just like basic
kind of like it's one of those new
clients it's real high up I don't know
mustard color and some shorts I could be
them together just kidding
these shorts are just like Lacey and
casual just gopher on the house on a hot
day I also got this top here so cute
this is just like a black crop top real
Lacy and then I got this dress which I
like stuff that is ruched around my body
I think it's really flattering so it's
just like a singlet kind of style I also
got this little knit crop top it's just
a creamy white color and then the last
thing I got is just a red crop top which
I thought would be nice for a night out
or something so yeah that's what I got
loads of stuff hey Becky Oh done and I'm
full and it feels good to be done oh I
love beer back doing some pull strips I
am using this brand the face shop like
hit out white clay no speck it's like
rogue gummy like real sticky you just
like leather it on and then you peel it
off once it's dry in like 15 minutes put
one down here too because I have so many
girls like I don't even know what it is
it's just like glug glug glug pullets
wait look at the texture you see this
Tigers sure how it works let's see if it
pulls much out I've used it before but I
kind of remember if it's going off
okay got some gross stuff out my nose
feels really really smooth now we've
almost finished home alone such a good
movie
is that one of your favorite my face
what we're talking about yeah
they get my nails done but in like a
really weird color that that one you
told him they just start watching and
making a murderer or whatever it's
called on Netflix it's pretty good so
far we're like halfway through the first
episode of the first season old finger
to sleep down though I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk to
you tomorrow
