every one so I just got back from the
gym it is 9 a.m.
hey mr. dick come today because he has a
very soy in coastal and hit work so I'm
by myself and my stomach is killing me
it's so sore I feel good I like in my
ears and stuff like I said last night
really but it's a cup a little bit bit
at that look
hamish made me choose he's the sweetest
I got a package so I'll open that and
then I'm gonna eat it or if someone ever
shower I'm gonna eat it and try and
clean up either my PT room or bedroom I
think I've got a few other things on my
list I want to get done so we'll see how
we go
so here is that the anastasia beverly
hills package I am so excited I've been
eyeing these I was gonna purchase them
myself
like literally I hit her on my phone and
like all my little to-do lists that I
was gonna look them up online like today
also those MEK liquid lipsticks but yeah
they seen those many thank you so much
there's a $40 H by the way I also I like
clothes and stuff as I see just today so
when I go to put them away I'll show you
what I got
but for now look at these the packaging
is so pretty this one here's that glow
and this one here is it gleam up I wish
they Tamara so this four colors there
there's like one more ones I guess and
then four pink ones do just a couple
swatches of each oh my gosh they're so
beautiful
hold on let me focus they're super super
pretty
so yeah you'll definitely see me trying
these out in a video here they are
swatch that would make really pretty eye
shadows as well I'm gonna drink some of
this juice I'm gonna make a smoothie as
well because my sty saw I'm hungry this
is really good
I think this Epling kiwifruit in there
and spinach and kale maybe oh wait no
it'll be kale we walk out yesterday
well it's tastiest I'm giving back into
the rhythm of things I feel that to the
old-school blacks like I'm saying old
scores that I've been vlogging for like
years and years you know what I mean
I made it way too thick but it's
delicious it tastes like blueberry
yogurt tastes so good okay I'm gonna go
shower come back finish breakfast and
I'm going to start editing so I am going
to head over to where Hamish is working
we're working on some eggs so beauty
stuff so that's what he's been all day
but I want to go check it out because
I'm kind of bored I finished editing I
haven't edited my vlog yet but I might
do that over there anyway see how I go
see how much work there is to be done
let me get some lunch I put on this like
dress thing that I got from we're taking
it from dotty I feel like total I
put on some BB cream but my skin just
looks awful hamish just got here I was
like is someone stealing the Porsche I
just sort of like problem backwards oh
my god they gave me a heart attack you
guys want some BB cream it's kind of
orange and my skin's all puffy bloated
every night sculling water sex my body
is just like sore bloated from all the
alcohol and bad food and potato chips
and stuff they color for what ages
look at this worse
he gets frightens with the traffic
noises guessers go down here jump on the
water nice right stay stay
good boy
I found a little beach opening / river
opening don't this sounds like it you
know say nicest boy yeah Louie come on
okay how far this is going in look look
at wait what is that cold low and
earth holy I'm impressed
yes look at him go no wait come on he
wants to play is they all mean this is
so funny look at him I think someone's a
bit pooped from the walk are you a bit
tired look at how much mud Zeus has on
her Hey you love it don't you
I finally made up these makeup palettes
that they sent me they seems to me like
two three weeks ago finally got time to
sit down and make them up I pretty that
I've got so many shades here that I
don't OD on which is nice so I really
want to do a tutorial using like these
songs down here like dark deep purple's
eyes I love like the bright greens and
like the blues I love them hello there
my name is gonna go to sleep soon I just
watch a movie hope you guys enjoyed my
vlog today and I'll talk to you tomorrow
everyone so I just picked from the gym
it is team Pasadena I woke up at 8:00
this morning like a little bit later
than you stay for some reason you see I
woke up so early
yeah just coming from the gym I missed
your arms a little bit this morning
before I went to the gym I made a juice
for Hamish because he's gotten work
again today so I made a juice for him
and myself that I'm going to save mine
for a little bit later I might have it
with like well I'm sure is a snack or
something I'm gonna have a smoothie for
breakfast I'm gonna make a more green
smoothie today yesterday's was like too
sweet like I drank like a few sets I was
like this is so good but then it was
just like dessert like way too much it
is I'm gonna make a more green one today
and then I'm going to eat it a couple of
daily vlogs because I haven't uploaded a
daily vlog since when was it like a
couple days after Christmas because
obviously up being away and I've just
been really like I don't know just
haven't been in the mood to eat it a lot
yesterday when I was home so I'm trying
it myself back into my little routine
and I'm just like struggling so much I
don't know why like I'm just still a
holiday mode so I'm doing my best I
would get there eventually at the gym
today I did half an hour of cardio like
on the cross trainer in treadmill no
actually it was about 45 minutes because
I finished with cardio as well but I
just that and I watched the Saucony
jollies I caught up a little bit so I
would watch them in so long like since
before Christmas so I watched a few of
their videos and love the videos and
then I also did some squats lunges and
like the swinger ball squat things I
just squats like you boys watched normal
squats and yeah finish off the some
incline power walking and I'm pretty
stuffed so yeah I'm gonna make breakfast
I also got some packages at the door so
I'm gonna make breakfast first and then
I'll show you the packages
my face is so puffy I'm just a chipmunk
already playing my nails today so I'll
show you them later - I always prepare
for the worst when I put good green
stuff in my smoothies it's actually
pretty good it's got that tang that good
greenness of Tang how many of you guys
have tried good green stuff since my
vlogs leave you know if you hate it as
much as me or if you like it I saw a
couple of comments on people saying that
I was overreacting and they think it
tastes really good it's like gonna just
don't get it the first package is super
boring
it's just lenses I just bought the reset
these are two weekly as I think these
the contours I wear just in case
anyone's wondering I've been wearing
these like exact ones for the past like
probably five or six years I don't even
know like a really long time I really
like them so yeah I also got some limbs
drops a couple different brands I've
been trying to use eye drops away more
often because when I went to get that
laser that concept this in my eyes are
very very dry so they just said to use
eye drops a few times a day and I also
have to do this thing where I like push
my waterline with like a whole warm
water and it's really weird anyway so
yeah I've got three suits on him so
hopefully that'll be enough I always buy
to him uni because I always like lose
them or I get like makeup on them and
have to replace them sooner so got those
and then a couple of packages I did not
purchase myself just kidding I can't
actually show you this one I have it
precisely our idea what this is what on
earth
Smashbox Haitian and we hope you enjoy
our brand-new collection of lipsticks
featuring at modern Metz and hydrating
creams
plus our instamate lipstick transformer
she all uploads with hashtag be
legendary and hashtag instument hashtags
let's have a look
exciting Thank You Smashbox so much what
this is heavy
whoa whoa so much heavier metal in
Slippery okay
okay side note I actually love these
lips today so I don't know have you ever
like showing you many of them but I have
a bunch there but myself like I've
bought probably about 12 of them but I
think they must be the old colors but
let me know if you want a lip swatch
video this would kill up my lips and are
like this isn't sponsored or anything
and they're not sponsoring me a dollop
socially about hey Smashbox if you want
to so cool look oh that's ugly
this dog shower my guys looking real
good and I've just finished editing my
daily vlog so that's uploading now and
then you probably can't even hear that
music he's making some peppermint tea
because my stomach I mean I'm gonna go
here it's my filming room and I am going
to put some stuff away and I'm buying
some brush cleaner right now because my
favorite is hiding favorite video goes
off this afternoon and I'm scared that
it's gonna sell out cuz it sells out
real easily
so I'm buy my favorite brush cleanup of
what were you guys want it so I just
took a cute little fly light picture put
my Instagram so go check out my
Instagram if you don't follow me I post
tons and tons of photos I'll show you
this is my Instagram it's just shinnok's
are posting lots of pictures lately so
yeah took a little photo and now I'm
gonna go clean my beauty room it is a
pigsty so yeah that's what I'm doing
this is what we're working with I am NOT
proud so yeah hopefully I can get a good
chunk of this done you know I want to
film
I mean film I need a clean up might be
dream too because look at all these
clothes everywhere just constantly being
living out of a suitcase putting new
stuff in taking old stuff out something
like clean washing over there there's
probably some dirty washing in here
somewhere
so here's sort this out to hey mister
say other and so clean compared to mine
I feel bad for him but yeah or do they
forget time as well
I just took some eurofins
because over met hit it right now I
don't know why I've been drinking so
much water today I don't know why I've
got such a bad headache but anyways
taking some time off the computer and I
listen to a little bit of music which
Polly isn't good for the headache but
Yolo I cannot clean with our music just
do some cleaning get it done I can't get
over you you're so cute
where's my Zeus in a big walk yesterday
didn't you he was so tired and he got
home get that belly rub
ok let's do this before and after it's
still not perfectly cleaned I'm gonna do
it a little bit more tomorrow after I
finish cleaning my bedroom it's now like
figure out what shades a.m. and they
pick a foundation and they put away all
that stuff put away my travel makeup bag
and just find places for like odds and
evens they don't know where I want to
put yet and I need a vacuum and wipe
down all the counter space and yeah it's
5:30 I also have a massive collection of
stuff that I'm going to get rid of
featuring Louie's dog tree so this will
go friend's family probably either the
woman's refuge or look good feel better
I think it's called I don't know I'll
figure it out later I need to go through
it all I usually give my friends and
family stuff that's already like used
and then anything brand new I give to
someone else and I've also got a couple
of things in here for you guys as well
I just never figure out how to do a
giveaway that doesn't attract all the
like competition greedy people cuz that
seems to happen to me I want to like try
and figure out a way to give like some
stuff to my genuine subscribers I guess
I just don't know how to go about it yet
so eventually I don't know
Oh figured I would have some time yeah
there's a ton of stuff there that I'm
going to donate slash giveaway feels
good to be able to like walk around and
hear got some new dividers made I get
these done at kabuki bail but yeah I got
them all fills I've got more room fill
up sticks now because I ran out of room
I love the way the MAC lipsticks look
it's so pretty my eye shadow drawers
like gym pegs like I could barely fit
them all in and by the way it is so hot
outside what's the temperature do not
believe that this is 2023 degrees but it
feels a freaking hot outside I just went
out to do the recycling and I felt like
I was getting burnt like instantly it's
so hot like I was thinking about going
outside for a quick like somebody just
to soak up some vitamin D but it's
literally like stinking hot I don't even
think I could like last ten minutes out
his deny have just made some falafel
bites and salad spinach kale red onion
tomato Paulo's jalapenos and some
dressing in some fitter we're watching
home alone hamish let's this movie and
I've never seen it before
but I think we're stopping halfway
because Hema shoots fully asleep and
snores I'm like Hello because so yeah
we're gonna watch the race tomorrow
night but we're halfway and it's really
good it's so funny like watching like
the old letch the old sound effects and
stuff so cringe but it's still good yeah
look and I'll talk to him tomorrow bye
