you guys
come on no we don't want your
there's no bit okay that's something
they're cameras on what am I supposed to
wait that's amazing okay amazing
you can thank me for that caramel bubble
tape this is how do you drink got done
here it is it tastes pretty good
it is Wednesday morning and I forgot
shipping the conditioner and I'm
breaking out really badly so that's
great and I'm really hungover as well so
it's double great yeah thank you
YUM you know the kitchen I make stuff so
excited these hash browns oh no this
guy's McDonald's ones though Kelly a
move arrived Sully and time out anyway
mr. Vieau today it was real sunny
earlier like the hottest it's been but
we went to the beach and stuff I didn't
take my camera because I knew that
forgets and all through it now stop
playing bit easier if you don't hold on
someone because you lean too far I'm
having a slushie a Misha's is very
flavorful everyone excuse the here just
work out it is what day is that
I think it's Monday and it's almost
10:00 a.m. and basically I didn't really
blog much in Kassel point for two
reasons one the hits I was just relaxing
with my friends and hanging out and we
weren't really doing anything the way
that was really bad for a couple days so
we're just like inside playing games and
just relaxing and tur because I don't
know where my ChaCha
so it was actually a nice little break
just like not actually having the camera
at all for a couple of the days there
just wasn't that much to vlog either
like I thought we'd be doing more stuff
I don't know if you guys know I know
some guys some guys know and some people
might say I'm really out of it right now
I just woke up hamish sprained his ankle
when he tried to go wakeboarding so we
can do much in those terms I guess we're
gonna do golf and also it's a different
stuff but we could but today I'm gonna
check my video now no me have a shower
wash my hair probably put on some makeup
and then we're gonna go into town and
then hopefully later on today we're
going to do that you then hopefully
later today we're gonna go play golf hey
Louie gigantic Aries hi
and a grumpy Zeus it was very lucky
you're a bath yesterday didn't you
sure I'm gonna do my makeup now I'm just
gonna do something kind of natural I
think and some pool so I'm gonna film it
and speed it up for you cuz you guys
want to tell me you like this so see you
go
Cambridge to Boston visit world she's
elastin victim of convo
I've done my makeup I don't know if you
guys have the same thing like this
Fearnley either happens when I get back
from like the beach or like really hot
with uh like anyway where it's super
super hot my makeup and if it goes on
properly like ah my nose is like peeling
it looks like it's peeling which it's
not peeling that the makeup just does
not see tool like for my face it just
like doesn't look good at all
so I compensate and then try to do like
good brows and lashes it just I don't
know do any of you guys like get that as
well or is it just me I don't know what
causes I don't know what it is and it's
like I'm not using different products or
anything it's just the fact that like
being and hot weather and the Sun and
stuff I don't know it's way to do what
it's really hot I don't know if I want
to wear what I'm wearing or phony it
changed I mean how much gonna go into
town soon don't know about golf yet
because it's very windy we are going
okay we are going that's cool a blogger
to be front of look um I will have a car
it'll probably be absolutely useless
blow-dried my hair I feel so good to use
my nice camping at ash I forgot shampoo
and conditioner at cost points I'd see
its ally and be like can you bring me
some so she graduates from the
supermarket it's just like amazing the
difference between supermarkets up and
like promise stuff I'm very thankful
because my hair was very coarse
you probably can barely say this is
Hamish is Mary and is super dusty but
I'm wearing it the stress from this
guide it ties up the front and then this
kimono thing which I think I got a peg
Marie a while ago haven't chosen shoes
yet and got any effect Han on just mean
some silver jewelry and my Fitbit I feel
so young like her
I always feel young once I've come back
from a holiday II didn't weigh too much
bad food haven't been at the gym should
have gone to the gym today but just
didn't just feel like way out of my
routine and I just do not like it but
tomorrow beckons way I think I'll go the
gym in the morning and then I've got
some work to do hopefully I can finish
it a little bit early in just and
cleaning because my room is a bomb site
this room it ends my filming room like
I've just caught stuffy everywhere from
like picking and repacking and washing
and it's just a nightmare I just don't
feel good like I do not feel like my
skin
work out really badly and feel bloated I
don't feel myself I don't know I don't
know how to describe it I just feel
course cream tea and seaweed salad miso
soup and some pita mom yeah do you like
you too mom yeah they're gonna bring the
plaza after those statements and we
getting new throw then the phone is off
some cutlery this is from Nana and
granddad
you got us about you but yeah we've been
knitting new color if it ages so that's
where this money is going we're at
Briscoes now we're gonna go get some
sheets and stuff round you beard that
should be arriving in two or three weeks
but probably realistically will be a lot
longer we're just in the plaza as you
guys saw and I got some clothes and I'll
show you what I got when we get home and
we got some cutlery
so it's been most about just now which
is cool no we start some at home
we forgot but yeah thank you to my
family that are watching you got some
cool stuff and then Goods Briscoes now
and then we're gonna go to cotton on
really quickly I think if we can get a
park and then here and then get changed
do you know that there's very annoying
guys you shouldn't be unhealthy food
like this we're gonna go out and play
some golf which will be fun it's such
great with that no lie it was ruined
this morning but it's really nice out
it's a very hot finding super king-size
two things we should have done
Californian can maybe no this is zero
California King stop being so cute I
feel like there's not gonna be one
we'll just have to buy whatever one I
like that look has that one over there
it's like microfiber gleamed yeah but
there's another eye sighs how's it feel
which is it they're not bad but that
depends on the size like the big ones
for cost way more yeah
there's not gonna be any I almost had to
put them in order
try to the side I don't nothing and sell
them and we found one we're at golf and
it's windy and cold all of a sudden the
Orlando Country Club
Oh God
try and put on the show just remember I
see it look at the look at the ball hey
yes good head it like six times this is
a three power whatever it's called not
too bad I suppose my first time
freezing-cold a couple girls gave this
to us - which was so nice so I should
come back and play get in hurtfully OPP
to the next town hopefully it won't be
so cold the ones just like real bitter
like real cold cold wind and the Sun
keeps dodging behind all those clouds
it's freezing hi hi bag oh my god Hamish
fell over she's scared sit down there
yeah there is back alright we just got
there from don't know we went out at 15
I withdraw and Michaela and beavin and
Joe and hid my camera in the car and you
put on the kitchen bench so I didn't
block I always go home it's 8 o'clock
and we're just gonna chill and Beardmore
some men Chelsea and stuff me and Hamish
so which home I'm so exhausted I won't
even see me early night so I can like
wake up tomorrow
the German get stuff done I kind of feel
like I'm starting to get say quench its
I think is a really really sore right
now my throat's a little bit itchy
hopefully I don't get sick I just had a
quick shower because I felt worse often
golf I got like dude all up my leg
it's got notice how but I did wash of
makeup and stuff I was a male so I'll
show you my god I opened one thing sorry
my face was so red I like scrubbed it
like exfoliate woman oh she looks really
bad in the sliding I thought this is a
really cool gift from colour-pop I
opened it because I've seen other people
like instagramming about it so I kinda
knew what it was so it a really cute
look had from colour-pop and then I was
so so generous and just I think this is
the cutest thing ever
look it's like a little fridge and then
inside some champagne you may have seen
people on the Instagram with it is that
not the coolest name ever seen so thank
you so much guys I hope if you're
watching I'm gonna save this for a
special occasion
have you come to help me yeah thank you
what's in here kept one day special gift
for you if a lasting liquid lipstick
Lolita to the leaders brighter or too
eager oh it's very kept on TPT if I lost
it for this so that is the color it's so
pretty
obviously this isn't gonna be the most
accurate swatch because it's kind of
like no time right now I don't got the
light on but it's really pretty I need
to collect more of these so I can
finally do the lip swatch video because
I still have not you know to pick them
all out they're always out of stores I
think this hair is from Urban Decay all
the titters it's quite cool so some
Urban Decay to hitters oh my gosh good
gift box is there an arch I don't know
it's a naked
Urban Decay flesh palette which is
awesome because I actually bought this
myself but the entire thing was like a
blurry plus it would a blur a
food-related
don't even know what I'm trying to say
you know that would I'm thinking of it
was like it destroyed and a million in
20 pieces like it wasn't even savable by
pressing it because obviously all the
colors mush together so start some
Webster
some perversion mascara last we have in
here it's a primer potion I don't think
I've ever had a full-size primer version
because I always see not samples naked
skin ultra definition powder foundation
cool cuz I like to look good what else
and lip gloss make it look gloss
yes I've been meaning to buy the
original I've got like a couple of the
Joey ones but one of the original Naked
Skin Foundation make it to glide on eye
pencil and then all the new vice palette
ah yes I'm so stoked about this let me
show you it came in this bag which is
cool and the packaging it's amazing
discouraging you by mmm that's not so
full guys there's not so cool it's fine
I can rig glue it I just have to glue
that in um but those are what the colors
look like let me know if you want to see
a tutorial because I could totally do
that I'll love that look at this color
here let me know if you want to see one
this is the last box
it's from oh no way hi Shannon I'm so
excited to share the biggest launch from
bicker with you the echo a luminous
perfecting foundation what are you doing
stop it
he's like digging a hole in the beard oh
my gosh it comes with this brush that's
like bro out of it and you're like
strict on let me know if you want to see
a first impression
what she made in Chelsea and I'm gonna
say goodnight now because I'm full of
sleep soon I hope you guys enjoyed say
so I'll go cheat you tomorrow okay
