morning everyone it is Sunday I think
it's end 1830 and I forgot to charge my
camera it's blinking at me I woke up
like an hour ago I've hit a shower
moisturised got dressed lay on the bed
on social media pages Chad's supremes
got like nothing and I'm just humming
like such a good a couple days lately I
don't know she's been related things so
much and just hanging out with my
friends in a really good time even being
like online too much and it's just like
I don't know it's just such a good
feeling I think today I will in it a
little bit like it is a vlog to put up
before I go to Casa quit tomorrow if I
get some time also we're going into town
today again because we've got to get
some stuff yesterday I think how much
once to get some like cheap golf clubs
for his late birthday which is on the
1st and also we wanted to get like a
little pool for Zeus outside because
it's solar hot lately just for him to
like peddlin like he does at the rivers
I'm gonna go do some makeup first I'm
gonna go hang out the washing famous put
someone he should say the gym in the
moment but I slipped and again today
Lily's lip didn't - she can see I don't
know what is going on with this hey will
you use the pool if I buy it
probably not it's very tired it's good
it's so hot all right here's my makeup
of the day I used the equity nation back
Ocean door and I use the Naked palette
original Naked palette by urban decay
and then my eyebrows are just brow
plumper on my cheek says Laura Geller is
like a big disk thing like the bronzer
blush highlighter I've also added a
little bit more highlighter from 3
concept eyes it's there like stick
highlighter my lipstick is a secret and
my mascara is vero by benefit mixed with
all the glamour extinctions by Max
Factor yeah that's the makeup of the day
and then I'm just wearing this dress I
bought yesterday from cotton on but I'm
just are from come on yesterday so I'm
just pretty much gonna pick all that and
take it to castle point so don't really
have to think so I just got some like
dresses shorts couple t-shirts like
basics and we're going back into town
soon I saw some shoes just like the
cheap shoes I always wear shoes today I
wear these even though Louie bit the
 out the front of them which annoys
me but I'm still gonna wear them and
then my rings are from Hamish this way
exchange card Athens right away yeah and
then these masochist
oh and hiring my pins or a bracelet my
mom got me this Chum for Christmas where
is it
this his daughter on it with a little
pig hot so cute I got to wait work out
tops once a singer and once a t-shirt
and they remind me of the Dreyfuss but
they supply Reebok and they were pretty
cheap too they have a sale on steel from
box in their start don't have any white
workout t-shirts with finding wetsuits I
found this one I like this chick with
what it glove because apparently we're
going on the biscuits and stuff
I need them Picasso point is freezing
it's never like warm water yeah that's a
nice one
what about this one for is it ugly so I
tried this I got it from the warehouse
because I keep seeing people doing
sponsored posts for this brand and it's
actually good I like it it's like not
too like it's real sweet at first but
then it gets real like watery afterwards
and it tastes really refreshing it's
really good
since cooking out here I just tried on a
wetsuit and I almost passed out in the
changing room not an ideal thing life
hack don't try on wetsuits but I was
like thirty degrees beautiful day in
Palmerston all I can't even believe that
summers just hit in full force and like
the last two days it's crazy there's
they go your pool
I got your pool just for you yeah
he's like it's a giant watering bowl
he's like no I just finished is hang my
daily vlog by Manish want to show you
you don't okay
people were saying that I did the hand
wrong look at the show and now challenge
video show them the show is the shape
the shape okay now look we're gonna try
your guys away it doesn't actually fit
guys believe it or not we're oh come on
oh yeah the way if you mean to set your
chin on here so even if you did it that
way all the creamer gets stuck there
when I heard yeah because there's like a
little it goes in so the cream would sit
in there and it wouldn't fly as easily
however if you put the cream on this
side it's an uneven surface so the cream
easily comes off and bit last year your
face goes feel like that and then this
thing goes like that yeah we're taking
us to castle point for brixton he's got
all of it at least someone will get some
enjoyment out of this because it was
expensive just saying because lots of
people were trying to tell me I did it
wrong but I promise I didn't you're
getting breakfast or trying to be a
writer Brett I'm always writing it time
to pick my bed bed what time to pack my
bags it is nine o'clock and this is
happening I've procrastinated exactly
all day watching Pattinson Rick and yeah
I'm gonna say it differently over pet
but Yolo because I could not be IFFT
right now Loa yeah lazy people unite
everyone so I just finished packing for
Custer point we're leaving in probably
about half an hour to an hour we've got
to go to Masterton first and go get some
more groceries and stuff a pet hates the
stuff from home that we need to eat like
free stuff in the chilly bin and we're
just going to buy some issues as well my
makeup just really Frick today I'm using
chichi BB cream and just like mascara
and then the tops
pellet that pop when I go up so
cheeks and eyes and then my lips are
pure Zin my mech makes look like a pinky
let's say I don't know I'm just wearing
it place we're in a jacket at the moment
because it's really hot I probably don't
need this but just with some extra
coverage you know yeah I'm so excited to
go to castle point I don't know how much
I'm gonna vlog while I'm there
because obviously I'm just gonna be
chilling or like saying hang outs brains
and he's not gonna be very much like the
painful stuff happening because
obviously we're just chilling like it's
really not that exciting to the outside
world I guess I'm not doing any crazy
things just chilling out at the beach
and swimming and lying in the Sun pretty
much so it'll be really really good and
I can't wait so there's Hamish the
suitcase we've got a whole bag of
sunscreen and bug repellent and things
some linen and towels his my suitcase
I'm gonna take my camera and my Kindle
and stuff as well
this is happening I got subway but I
also want to try these from Mick is
there fries was so sick and epic on her
assess a aioli but it's not a Olli
they're really good
hey guys we made it so this is my name
Hamish this room we've just rented out a
whole half it's like a million bedrooms
I've just unpacked all of our food and
here's our view the view upstairs is
even nice it's like a three storey place
so you can see like the whole mountain
you can't see Casa rock from this page
but hey it's still beautiful is the view
from upstairs yeah thank you
here's the lounge look at how full the
fridge is it's crazy okay Craig Craig
crazy heck I'm not looking forward to
the food this week it's are unhealthy
this is also unhealthy this isn't even
all of it believe it or not we've also
got some like boxes of like cruises and
stuff because we're 12 Hamish and John
are on it
sorry if I'm oh but Mum P it's very
zoomed in right now
Jesus fish is like wow
Oh Sees ablaze flag looks like it's
wrong
what happened sound like a bitch went
wakeboarding and the boots didn't slip
off when we went real powerful on the
jet ski and then face plant swelling up
show them their yeah on the first day
did you get you think she'll run away
genius kids you think we're trying to
sit up kiss her but it's like real newer
and like advanced and we can't figure
out what you do John you know what's
happening we're turning into adults
because adults don't know how to work
okay
it's like when your mom will be like how
do you use the computer this is a
Shriner that's how you know you're
getting old like at night you're ugly
like you go like this oh my god go get
braixen he'll tell us how to do it
this is like you could leave up okay
does your character have a beard slash
goatee facial hair yes oh okay okay
there's all persons here white yes I won
I'm kicking but I won twice two out of
two walls dinner oh my god that qualify
with your head facial yes oh no no I
think we're good
that we good yeah does your person does
your pizza facial here right oh my god
yeah me me tighter
Kumar I'm tomato sandwich John 1 or you
don't have it up hey guess he just took
a random guess out of like 12 people
he's a yukata house like yes for you
time to use the same
