hey everyone just go back from the gym
and when I visited some family went into
town to get a hard drive got some cheap
pick filler and it's now like almost 12
o'clock got a package from Chi Chi home
is just making some juice make chi Chi's
coming out with like a million new lip
states because they see me this little
package and I don't recognize any of
these shades so they look exciting and
also this Chi Chi insta Prime at college
infilling primates like pull fish and
one stuff I put on my hands like not
right now
though you can still see it so it's like
that this is so hard to show you that
actually does make a difference is it
filled in all of the like little lines
on my hands I made it like loli you
probably want to get the towel you just
have to take my word for it so I'm
excited to give that a go a little work
just gonna like fill in my um
descriptions in some videos that are
gonna go out while I'm in counseling
because hopefully I'll get a weekend off
like Boxing Day and stuff and go
shopping and things and then I'm gonna
make like start preparing some stuff for
tomorrow making some cheesecake for my
family some other stuff so I'm gonna
just start preparing all of that should
be good I'm excited
mmm history good I'm just transferring
some of my old videos onto a new hard
drive I just picked up yeah I'm she's
yelling at me wants to watch the dogs
I'm just transferring some videos onto
my hard drive so I can delete them off
my computer because I've got so like 300
gigabytes alright yeah I'm just doing
that so I can clear off my computer
because it starting to get a little bit
slow you know it's like so near like
honestly the amount I fill many innocent
everything the computer gets full very
quickly sir I met I'm just entertain the
description of two more videos and I'm
done I'm gonna stop me his for
cheesecake and stuff then I want to just
like tidy up the house a little bit like
put away all my stuff off the dining
table and everything for tomorrow cuz
some of my family is coming for dinner
tomorrow and the money way going out for
breakfast with Hamish's mum instead and
be then so there'll be fun too my skin's
so dry honey
did you just have a bus all nice and
clean all nice and clean for Christmas
Day yeah yeah come outside
except yeah I knew it
that's cuz this couch like sucks up all
the walls
he loves to sit on it don't you he's
like pretty dry as well but he's just
like no I cannot be damp what is wrong
did you get a bath too that's no good
yeah well my videos are scheduled for
the next couple of weeks so this is
Christmas Day and then I've got that one
then it's that way no it's that one then
that one then that one and then I'll be
back by the time this one's up to put up
wednesdays and fridays video I'm so
excited
probably if I got it all done I'm kind
of cheating I'm just using like the ones
that are just pre-made I'm gonna add my
own flavors and stuff so I'm just
following the instructions on this this
is so good though
so we need for a cheesecake 250 grams of
biscuits all right so that's one picot
so theoretically we need a picot of each
I might do a little bit extra and then
if I don't use at all it's fine
I'm using milk arrowroot and mulch
biscuits
oh my god there's so many biscuits first
item for us is right now I might find my
Vitamix will that work
we'll give it a go
excuse me you're not gonna like this
all right here's we were it so those are
done now I'm going to prepare some of
these I'm making a wild berry flavor in
a plum white chocolate flavor I've got
some mixture and I'm just pulling the
Pips out of these plums and I'm going to
mix them in here so here's how it looks
so far now I'm going to melt some white
chocolate and kind of drizzle it kind of
I guess I don't want to just like mix it
in because I don't want the whole thing
to have chocolate I just want to kind of
be like in it so I finished one this is
plum and white chocolate looks so
average hopefully it looks good once I
like open it and let cut it and stuff
finish crossed up early take it out of
the tree tomorrow to make sure it's well
sit I hope the base doesn't like crumble
to pieces how funny is this like once I
drained all the juice out of this can of
berries look how many we're left with
like is that not a little bit pathetic
you might need another can here's the
mixed berry one I added some fresh
blueberries and strawberries and I'm
going to decorate the top once it's like
half sit I'm gonna decorate the other
one as well just with some like extra
chocolate around the outside I think
hopefully they look nice alright it's
four o'clock I'm gonna go
break up the dolls the toy is 5000 eye
cream I thought I might pop my mum so my
mum as well so this journeys an absolute
pix die again I can show you this
because by the time he much opens it
this vlog will already be up and
everything got him this - I hope you
likes it
Holden is now 5 o'clock somewhere finish
up those cheese escapes and then chill
out for the rest of the night it's being
such a good day just getting ready for
tomorrow and then tomorrow mid-day oh
let's done - or the salads and stuff and
I wanna chop up all the bitches now in
case they get like I don't know you know
go awful something tried to make some
like little squiggly things from the top
of the cheese case this is where I'm at
so far this one's the plum one and then
this one's the berry one sir please wait
what's their new logo eat well on the
radio Hamer said they were saying eat
well which is interesting because still
not that good please don't date white
male he leave you for Middle Eastern oil
alright just finish reading this the
second time the first time I read it was
years and years and years ago but it's
such a good book it's one of my
favorites
I really like it she's my my favorite
this little Louie is asleep on my week
I'm something foreign to his dad at the
moment hey you tie it Christmas Eve
Christmas Day tomorrow honestly I'm so
excited but when I have children like I
don't want to see it but I know I want
kids and I just feel like Christmas will
be so amazing once I have kids like
getting up at night and ripping their
prisons and playing Santa like I can't
wait for that one day I think mean
hamish you're just gonna chill out and
then go to sleep soon it's about 9
o'clock I think if you guys so much for
watching today's vlog I apologize
they're a couple of my vlogs been a
little bit short lately but it's just
because I've been so busy
preparing for Christmas and you know
doing stuff and everything it's been
crazy I'm sure lots of your guys days
have been quite crazy as well as I move
yet in the new year hopefully I'll get a
little bit more structure so yeah I will
talk to you guys tomorrow
good morning it's Christmas Day Hamish
wrote me up early he's like Caesar came
tinta 8mm Lily started - what's wrong
usually he's asleep right now giveaway
neat - yeah me Christmas I'm not gonna
give them any prisoners till this
afternoon
because my mom wants to see they might
with me
yes Hamish is once he's pretty awful but
robust a miss you got me something in
here I wonder what it is no no like nope
if the way from he gets ripped off I
used to hate that you're into like oh
you can open one out well in case my
parents you you can over nothing and you
can wait to him forever
Oh sometimes my mom's like you could
open you same stick all of your other
prisons you have to wait till later hold
ya back and then I'm like if you're not
here sex am reena dogs and prisoners
family I'm so annoying
look how pretty these rings are I know
tell me about it show them your face I
guess ya all you got
great neither think of me serious action
needed one of these you did escape out
of that was already up and I'm like this
was all right definitely you're like
this and pull its oversized popsicles
there these are so pretty I'm waiting to
well once did you hear cuz I didn't get
them what do you mean like this do you
like them or yes
which one's your faith baby I don't know
that I like them or what is it
all this for yeah yeah whatever you like
yeah no I did but I couldn't remember if
I what three or four oh I say why she
put some more on the same
last time the same one that got any foot
three in them I think I like I think I
like this one the best but I like all of
them which one of these this one yeah
but I just got the other ones for
something different yeah they're nice
they're really pretty the rest of
Shannon's guests yet to come because
yeah but we'll be getting it today it's
brighter well tomorrow sorry yeah
because I couldn't be bothered going to
Chinese today to buy it and I didn't
want to get the wrong blender it's a
foot per sister yeah there you go
how did you know how to tell you I don't
want to give it away cuz you seen I
asked hammer yes and I'm like the only
thing someone knows that I like my ideas
you get yeah you say I don't know if
they're too big you can get the size
down if you want you just because I
asked him I was like because Tommy is
the middle size so I knew the small size
was and I was like to the guy
should I get the middle size of the big
size he said the big size of the best
quality and size just like okay whatever
you follow all the name because I lift
the other one in the Porsche boot it's
been in the Porsche boot since the other
day is it
no I knew it was I knew it was this
that's what I see is it something
electronic and you over speakers Halina
I didn't want to say it just in case you
didn't get them in the air
I don't but this morning when you're
like nah that's not what I think it is
cuz there's a new one what was he that I
was into thinking of his golf clubs or
this I wouldn't know what go things
this is what I got Hamish they're
supposed to be good for what you don't
like making music yeah they look cool
too are these and someone says kiss
bully head in his background hey guys so
I did my makeup and now we're rushing
over to Hamish his parents house and we
are going to go where we going
the coachmen hotel for bricks that was
all shops because he wishes mum she's a
nurse so she's got work later on so
we'll just go out somewhere so nice to
like clean up and everything I kind of
feel bad for the people that have to
work there they lay on Christmas Day
they got a bit ripped off me anyway
that's what we're doing and then after
that's done we're gonna go to my Nana
grandes to drop off their present and
then we are going to head back home and
I'm gonna start cooking and stuff makes
you looking forward to it
it's pretty chill day so it should be
fun here's my makeup by the way I did
like gold eyeliner very festive and
wearing red shoes even look what hey
mrs. parents got us
Hamish looking handsome Evans for a
mission Bovina take the kids Buffy I
finished mine I forgot to vlog I just
had some veggies and pasta and some
bread rolls these ones they're the best
how is it look how pretty my cheesecake
is I'm scared to put it up here and I've
got my little list of what I'm making
look so YUM now gonna get it off the
other so my cheesecakes were successful
I don't know how they taste you
but there's those and I'm making some
salads now also boiled some extra juice
and curried eggs for everyone so this is
just like a normal like salad I'm gonna
put in eggs tomato I don't know what
else yet and then I'm making my chickpea
pumpkin and fit a salad I'm also doing a
broccoli salad and maybe a pasta salad
I'll see how much food we have once I'm
done the chickpea smell divine it smells
so good I did paprika and garlic and I'm
making some broccoli salad I just
finished the others for in the back
there there's my um fitter and pumpkin
one and chickpea I'm so excited to eat
later I'm not even hungry though I'm so
full from before yeah crazy dude it
prison what is this is this for year
did you see you
now there's LOI that one's good to this
second shift I ripped it really badly so
hopefully they can get on it what's that
oh it's got one of the treats out of it
so this is like what we got one as a way
that Zeus just try to get into it
Oh have you got it see a Christmas
prison
fine have you got
that's all next oh yes yeah and when
straight I got way too excited and I
rushed into eating but here's the
remains of dinner so much yummy food it
was so good my gosh I didn't even get
some pumpkin I was so full I ate like a
half of a plate because I could not fit
anymore myself I can only save room for
dessert because there's so many good
desserts here's our dessert display
I knew Tracy made homemade brandy snaps
and then I made the cheesecake and then
my Nana made lemon meringue pie and I
made that other cheek and then my mum a
pimple over and then we have some
vanilla ice cream and some custard
that's pretty bought because I can't
make it and this and whipped cream so
much dessert look how pretty they will
look mummy use these things I made
yesterday didn't end up using them all
Christmas Day always ends up with the
weirdest activities viven is trying to
put together a door handle
jerry is putting a lock on my door for
me so forgot steal my makeup the morning
everyone
so I'm sorry - don't finish my blog
yesterday i conked out total food coma
you know how it is I'm sure most of you
did the same last night
today is Boxing Day or the 26th of
December the day after Christmas and me
and Hamish heading into town soon it's
1213 p.m. I actually have a sleeping for
the first time an age is like a proper
one I slip to like 9:30 today I noticed
some people there's nothing but for me
it was pretty good because usually I
don't really get a chance because I have
to film and stuff my hair looks really
weird right now
yeah slipped in and they went to the gym
yeah just got home like maybe half an
hour ago and now I'm getting ready I'm
gonna put on some makeup and get into
town then we're gonna try and find a
bigger beard because I bid just doesn't
cut it anymore
Louie takes up most appeared in a spare
bedroom beard sucks so we figure we'll
buy big earlier put our bed in the spare
room for our guests because we always
have guests and house it isn't stuff as
you guys know so yeah that's the plan at
the moment all done my foundation say is
that make forever HD the original one my
lip color is makeup revolution of all
the liquor in
the shade what I believe with creamsicle
by buxom lip gloss on top my mascara is
better than sex by Too Faced underneath
skinny leche or skinny brush miss got
what is called skinny brush mascara by
Aiko browsers just learning out Braille
plumper I've got steel I'm until it rose
quartz on my eyelid it on my inner
corner and the rest of my eyeshadow is
the Naked palette the original knit 2
palette by urban decay my highlighter is
opal mixed with black medics eliminating
golden glow and then my bronzer is just
gonna keep on doing palette so yeah
that's my makeup of the day now I'm
gonna go do my hair and then we're gonna
go and get some food like no fake tan on
so hopefully this looks ok this top here
is from whitefox petite the skirt I got
from Szabo's get age to go this gods
shut up Zeus I think I got this off
boohoo or something and then these shoes
are called pumps or not brand that is
Ben anyway we're going into town and
Hamish what is the smaller size of these
that we gonna go exchange them I got the
biggest size in case you wanted to do
that I don't know if you wanted the
middle size the big size so at least in
get store credit and buy the rest of the
stuff that you need is parently enable
capable so we're doing that getting food
and I don't know what else I'm sure
thing that's subway again y'all I got
one this is the one I got hamish bought
for my Christmas oh and we also got this
stuff from mom and we got ear candles
cause we wanted to try them with
everyone Facebook do them where'd you
get stoked yeah you are so lucky show
them what we got
we've got these ear candles we've never
really tried these one statement which
is different we've just had paints and
wine we're gonna see really hopefully we
can get out of that is look you put a
plate on it actually by the looks of
that
okay so what we did is we got the
candles on the second plate we've never
let plates so we hit Tuesday's poster
ignore tip Jimmy into the outer ear
passage a slight turning movement should
be a part of it it cannot let's do a
flex smoke as a parent the killer made
up this properly sealed as the ear
candles burning down you hit up little
sound of wind blowing in a gentle
crackly
oh sorry I don't wanna hear you see
grandpa not should why can't even fit
fear evidence
wonder okay-dokey encode kyndra swapping
yeah you like the bottom this is du/dy
yeah well I mean I love I mean I
he's yellow there but you see this is
worse
so she did it
oh nothing nothing
this like one tiny little yellow stain
is it boring
Lily he tied me an Irish guy asleep now
I hope you guys enjoyed this little
mumble jumble of vlogs and I'll talk to
you soon
Hey okay the next fall you say will be
in like a week or something because I'm
going to Castle boy see you then
