hey everyone sir it is Wednesday the
23rd I don't even know
I think it's Wednesday and it's almost 9
o'clock I just wake up like half an hour
ago I'm just drinking some poison here
pre-workout cuz I'm exhausted I'm gonna
head to the gym soon just got some mail
hamish got some shirts from one said
they were like roti not this price which
was good
so Peter home soon no I got shampoo from
joy coat and L'Oreal I also got a couple
of a OS lip balms I got this cuz you
know how much I love the other master
prime this is a redness fun so this
because I want to try like baking with
eat these little liquid used and then I
also got a low you out and fallible
eyeshadow I love these this shade here
is in dive right in it's really pretty
it's like a blue color we went to the
gym and we got lots of groceries had a
really good workout today holy I
was picking away the groceries looked at
as high as 12 kidding my net old women
is that 12:30 holy oh my gosh I'm
sort of freaking stressed I don't even
sight it seems like it I'm so late why
did I stay ten minutes away oh my god
so here's my before oh my nose broke
sighs cut them off this one's really bad
I don't know what I was doing I'm in
Eden all day it is tinted too I mean I
was done here's how they look they're
like gold fade look a little bit of
green in them as well they're quite
festive hungry I'm freezing as well
because I'm Swedish I was like I'm so
sorry if I smell bad Elena go me a gift
her it's the last time she's doing my
nose because she's moving out to
Hamilton so any of you that live in
Hamilton keep an eye out if you want
someone good to do your nails look what
she got she thought lovey hands there's
toys she's so lovely look at here oh my
god they are going to die over this
molester oh my goodness
and she knows me so well my favorite
raspberry vodka on is a little card as
well Merry Christmas
she's so nice thank you so much Lena
even though I just saw you and said
thank you I'm sure you're watching this
she's so nice thank you so much
go to floating island bath mount in the
Stardust I don't know what you throw
these out but I'm excited I'm so gonna
have a bath like after Christmas I can't
wait what is this
you can barely pick it up he's like I
will not give up I will never give up do
you want one too
loli I just gave you one you dick thanks
days this is like you already bought one
some of the bread I also got a package
of some kind as well
yum it's chocolate I'm doing a video
with this company I'm so excited to show
it to you I think I want to wait till I
see Sally or maybe I'll do a mushy but I
want to do it with someone else as well
what is my hair doing I'm so hot it's so
hot in my house and they put on the
aircon anyways it is half past five and
this half past five and I've literally
being editing for the last three and a
minute hours I think it's baned the same
video my drugstore favorites of 2015
same video took me like hours to edit
because I just like first of all it was
so long it was like an hours worth of
footage they had to go through and it
was really like nitpicky and just a mesh
and then on top of that I was just like
I think it's because it's almost
Christmas in my mind I'm like I should
like be on holiday right now and so I
just keep procrastinating going on
Facebook and Twitter and did I started
like researching pickles and I found out
that pickles they're actually cucumbers
and I was so confused so I was like why
do I like gherkins pickles but I hate
cucumber and then I was thinking why do
I love to come in Zeki sauce I don't
happen ah say we're probably like why do
I love it like that but not like by
itself or like not even with like
mayonnaise or anything I just started
stay in life right now so yeah just been
procrastinating for the last whatever
finally I'm exploiting it right now I
feel so accomplished I might add
something else tomorrow might not I've
actually gotten enough videos done it
for like while I'm away now so I'm
really happy about that I'm just going
to edit the description still so I'll
have to do somewhere tomorrow now I'm
gonna get my daily vlog so I'll talk to
you guys in a bit I think I'm gonna
wrote some Christmas presents afterwards
Oh
my phone is uploading it is six or seven
wait six oh seven six one and I'm gonna
go write some Christmas presents now
because otherwise I'm gonna leave it to
last minute and that's not such a good
idea well done there are like how many
more about five more prisons in other
places and then Hamish's are hidden I
was to go wrap a cup of his as well that
would do it tomorrow I think so yeah
feeling good accomplished and now I'm
starving it's like 7:30 I'm so bad like
I just keep eating really late at night
and then we'd like don't cook because
it's like we just get drunk really
everyday but hey it is the season for
eating isn't it are you hungry too huh
come on let's go time for school baby
hope you guys enjoy today's vlog I'll
talk to you tomorrow
Christmas Eve good night
