good money I just could bit it from the
chin and I'm gonna make it smoothie
hello like 2016 Shanna close
anyone knows we get pumped and scare for
more such thing exists they should have
been that good some being that
compact and Wellington yesterday and the
parking buildings and Holly shut I don't
know how you guys do it settle from
Wellington
so small
my teeth are slicing today from getting
my Invisalign put back in will like the
new train eclis thing I guess days so I
got some seats time
feel like I'm 80 and bonjela cuz I
always get ulcers I've got new screws in
my mouth so I'm just getting it now cuz
I know I'm gonna need it we do have one
at home but I think it's like car
finished that women that actually smell
so nice
Organic by the way Hamish is not juicing
the pumpkin we're cooking them for the
dogs well I mean you can try but you'll
probably break it true at least you've
actually gotten use out of that Billy
juicer because remember how much that
cost and we were like anyway you've
definitely got use out of it the loose
we've been used well you've been using
that solid for like three years now
longing they're not yeah can't be
they're so good
then we're gonna have to testify
so it's a start he prefers carrot for
sure he still likes it although it might
just be eating it so Zeus doesn't get it
oh he was a ho cute I love you
Zeus do you know that five years ago you
survived parvo yeah you did you did you
were like 500 grant no wait how no
here's 5 integrators when we got him and
then he was like 250 grams or something
ridiculous I think
yeah go back and watch the videos but
yeah basically he was nothing and the
bit was like he's going to die and then
he did it if it was amazing we go to
Anderson's on pitamah Road in Palmerston
North he saved his life and he was so
lovely and stopped charging us after a
certain day because I was like you know
a student and he was just like so good
and he's like I think you need to come
and say goodbye and then we win and see
goodbye and the next morning the bit
called us real early and we were like
gutted we thought that he was getting
put down like we were just so gosh it I
think we were planning on going back in
or something and he called and he's like
you can come pick up so I was like what
do you mean he's like he's eaten oh my
god
it was a miracle my little boy he was
sick for a long time hey me what
are you doing oh so now I am going to
edit today's video I actually was meet
up late yesterday but I was a mountain
fertile longer than expected so I
decided to upload today instead which is
Thursday and then I'm going to upload
Saturday instead of Friday so I'm sure
you guys won't mind upload it or blog
yesterday anyway oh okay it's time to
get crackin okay so it is now 1:14 p.m.
I am at star boom just uploaded this
video so go check it out you ain't seen
it yet over 60 point I 64 65 in teeth
I'm pretty sure I counted like 68 69
something like that
but um anyway there's some crap there's
some holy crao sort of check it out if
you love looking at people's junk and
it's long - hopefully you guys don't
mind everything ends up being along
these days so hey was just cooking today
today he's making beans and stuff I'm
going to make some kind of salad for
lunch because I could have used up those
salad greens I am at lisping like a mofo
right now I'm doing an ultra so yeah
anyways halloumi time
I'm heating up some oil I'm gonna put in
at Summit pumpkin seeds some walnuts and
then my beans
but tonight we're making the most
function in the West budgeting of ibaka
don't like some feet checking which is I
fake chicken and beans and mashed
pumpkin legette one of my favorite meals
same so yeah
about you that's not I'm not a great
flash cooker like I can make stuff but I
can't make super flash stuff they're
more benzene
this is the stuff yeah and for Shannon
Maya since we don't have a match tonight
I might - shut it - hey half of this age
how much you want a half of this age she
doesn't know probably want it huh
so young in just a half a mile or a
another time so for that I'm coming for
20 minutes so before
so click the pumpkin for about 20
minutes and we will then turn on the
things for like 10 minutes in the
steamer and that's that what I do is I
add some butter for this I'll drain it
it's about a masher
you don't need milk I don't I don't know
some people use it but I don't he's
looking for more food this is the
battery use it's not butter
that's just like olive oil spread okay
now we're making it the chim usually for
breakfast tomorrow
I need a recipe I hid it every day
pretty much every day in Germany and it
was like amazing and so I'm gonna try
and make them at home and they may be
bad at least I can kind of figure out
you know how to get them to taste
different gotta start somewhere
it's okay we'll stay like yeah the thing
that okay two cups of rolled oats the
wager combine oats
just we don't really measure up we just
go like this
okay you just get funny time and make
sure you mash it up boys we have the
most weird master of everything really
I'm used to the just a square hole yeah
so I can use never used one like that
okay so we just got a great off this
Apple now and put it in here just neatly
I'm just kidding
what do you wanna go could it be for a
walk did a girl walk did you hear me
what did I say
walk walk you can't contain his
excitement come on buddy let's go you
excited you excited just around the
block what's gonna turn into a river bet
how much wants go around the block so we
go on this like laps obviously I won't
blog that we've done this like really
big life around the neighborhood and
through a couple of parks and stuff so
he's still funny not as fun as the river
because you can't go off
leash but that's okay so it's just like
came inside and went straight to the
tiles would just lay down
he's so hot oh man it's cooking at the
end what time is that yeah ten past
semester so hot
yay I love summer so much
you passed hmm tired yeah you're so cute
try it
we're watching this and it's really
really good but now we're going to say
I'm falling asleep so chilled yes sir
