ah what happened hmm
Louie Louie Louie Louie what's this they
were more interested in the food than
the toys ah
christmas came early for those two good
morning everyone so it's 10:30 let me go
up on the bench
I'm do you think it was Louie because
there's cannot jump that high because
he's too fat Louie jumped up on the
beach and got the Christmas presents my
fault for leaving them out but I didn't
think he'd get up there so luckily he
didn't take any of my makeup that's up
on the bench as well but anyways just
got it from the gym had a good workout
picked up my old phone finally got the
screen replaced and I'm going to shower
now come back make a smoothie and then I
am going to film today would you like a
makeup tutorial and what am i doing uh
my last favorites video my ex Sidorov
favorites like favorite movies and
favorite TV shows and stuff like that
okay yeah well what's fun the bush I
think it's the second one risk it all
continue editing that's the plan for
today and then it's not gonna rip up
some presents these things are the most
annoying things if I'm looking really
attractive right now
hamish made me a lemon juice and juice
for breakfast so I'm gonna have
breakfast
I mean I'm gonna rip mmm I'm gonna have
to since you have a smoothie today oh
there's so much kale in this I'm
actually just going to stop filming with
my hair like this I don't even care
right now I want to stop filming because
I've got like two video wait
I've decided to do with the first
impression today as well so now three
videos to film makeup tutorial I'm gonna
do pip lips and I'm gonna do some kind
of I think I'm gonna use this that I
used today because I want to see how it
is and then I'm gonna do the last
favorites video and then I'm gonna do
yet the first impression cool storage
Shannon I'm gonna do a fist impression
on than year Ultra HD foundation by
Makeup Forever and what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna do half my face with the
original HD foundation to see if it's
like way better so hopefully it's
helpful because that's what I'm curious
about like I wanted to see how it can
to the old ones I love the old ones so
obviously we'll still see how it lasts
by itself because it was just there on
one side of my face so that's the plan
I'm gonna go to my auntie's today and
pick up Payne wishes
um Christmas present so sneak out while
he's gaming with something all right I
filmed one will two videos one and a
half videos I get I feel good makeup
tutorial and I also have started my
first impression my makeup today it was
one of those days where everything could
go wrong and then the lighting was
really really bad for half of it and oh
I think the footage will be fine
like in terms of lighting it was just
really dark in my room but I lighted
justed all my camera and everything
about everything kept going wrong and
they my eyeliner go out of control and
now it's like super dog in it I don't
want it to be like that and then this is
like a black I sure like smushed into my
crease and ha I still like how it looks
but I was just envisioning it to look a
lot different then it turned out so yeah
I'll probably still upload it let me
know if you still like this tutorial and
want to see it it's like pinkish
glittery pibbly lips I don't know
probably still do it cuz it was a chit
check it real with me I feel like I
talked about some cool stuff I don't
know I'm gonna put together some of my
other favorites and film that last
favorites video done and dusted
time to go edit I see two things wrong
with this picture one Lois eating the
tree it was supposed to be for Christmas
Day but I can't be able to take it off
him because he's so cute
into he's a broke top his toy and
there's fluffy everywhere oh my god so
I've just is it an uploaded my newest
vlog yesterday's vlog if you're
wondering I was just reading yesterday's
vlogs comments which is two days ago day
156 everyone's like what happened to the
advent calendars and like the benefit
calendar and everything good point
I forgot about them I've got the store
open so open it now is also going
package from Urban Decay as well so
please have a look by the way I wiped
off my load steak that's why it looks
really weird
it's like it stained my lips I seriously
hate the music on this
I don't even know what they were up to
then day three we got a mini high beam
so cute in day four we got a sugar bomb
lip balm and day five I got a mini
they're real mascara super handy for the
traveling season um
stasis I honestly don't even know what
day I'm up to like what because I don't
understand twelve days of Christmas and
if it did there's a kid or like ever so
I don't really know how it works I know
it's like twelve days up to Christmas
but I thought at first it was the first
12 days I don't know this is a mini
low-latent oh my gosh it's so cute these
work should be really cute for cheap I'm
not cheek stains lip stains and cheek
stains but like a really good size for
lip stains yeah that's like the perfect
little lip stain sighs let's just do day
seven and then I'll open up some more
tomorrow oh so good Dave Stephen is a
professional travel size it's actually
like a decent size
there's 7.5 millionnaire it's like a
like decent size you can see that I
don't know if I even know what the data
is
it is the 22nd okay I even know regular
cherry and I live in we have it
strawberry
honestly I'm regretting my choice of
getting this critter calendar 13 I think
this is popping candy yep
15 is another milk chocolate I'm heavy
with milk chocolate that's fine okay
honestly this is taking too long I'm
just gonna open them all and then show
you just a few casual chocolates my
chocolate stash is getting very high if
anyone Rob's me they know where the
chocolate is all right from this patient
and thank you for all of your support I
hope you have an awesome holiday season
we created this tricked-out Naked
palette just for you Monica
what does that mean what do you mean
well okay it's so cool that like
customized it it's got like spray paint
on the top of it did you get a treat
today too cuz your brother got one for
you off the bench is that what happened
or did you get up there I don't think
you got up there
did you have anything to do with all of
this fluff you probably did look at all
I met my auntie's and I have lots of
wrapping paper for Hamish is present
hopefully it fits in the car hopefully
that's enough wrapping paper I just got
home and it is 7:30 I am hungry I have
no idea who this is from
love you a long time and then also
something from makeup geek - - and I'm
wishing you all a Merry Christmas thanks
for all the support let's love Claire
and Adrienne haha makeup go - indeed
oh it's double wrapped please hold
excuse me is there chocolate in here
because why are you so interested the
Louie is never wrong it's chocolate why
do I have chocolate oh they're so nice
thank you guys so much go away you're
not having it you know the drill you
will Dae I annihilated this box look
there's so many different ones and this
was the makeup geek Paso Shannon I hope
you love the new sparkles Oh glitter oh
my gosh glitter I need to open one and
see what they look like oh my gosh so
pretty I cannot wait I need to use these
like a tip I wish these arrived this
morning I would have used them I'm so
excited - you decided for the glitter
look how good this looks
it's got avvocato one out oh my god I'm
gonna die oh look it's not dark
never better alright I just finished up
my first impression is always teen - oh
it's teen thirty this is how my makeup
is looking so now I'm going to remove my
makeup I can't wait to get beat it I'm
so full from the pits I fits it now
instead great it was really good though
um so yeah tonight I guess we're just
gonna hope a bit and watch little bit TV
and inspire back into it and go to the
gym and then do a bunch of editing cuz
you seem to do well actually I wasn't
gonna eat it like a couple more videos
now but I want to get as much done as I
can before I go away so that when I get
back from castle point I can still have
like a day off or from one to whatever
so yeah that's the plan I'm gonna get
ready now Hamish clean the bathroom it
looks so good
yeah Hamish such a good boyfriend I'm
just gonna say goodnight now and put my
camera on charge thank you guys so much
for watching please thumbs
this vlog if you did like it and I'll
talk to her bye
