good morning I was a terrible blogger
again and I got to finish my look last
night we sat down to watch a movie with
race and then watch the movie and I went
to bed and I didn't think anything of it
just completely completely forgot to
vlog I was pretty tired but yeah today
is Monday Monday the 21st of December
today I'm going to do a little bit of
editing I'm gonna try and get somebody I
was really for next week I need to film
one more favorites video for my
favorites while I'm in castle point and
maybe like one other video and just get
it to hold my videos so they're all
ready to go so it's not too hard like
I'm not going to be stressed out don't
even loads loads of filming which is
nice but it's not a bit of work to do
but it's quite chilly and I'm looking
forward to it like I'm looking forward
to just chilling out and sitting in my
pajamas in the energy I've got a couple
of packages as well I'm just going to
take some vitamins I'm like so we're not
hungry late last night we hit those
dumplings I feel sexto like I'm so full
so I'm fighting with some water and some
vitamins and then I'm just gonna like
play it by ear and I'll just eat
something in a little bit when I feel a
bit more hungry annalistic while my
twist cooks I got a couple of packages
so I'll show you what's inside and
opened them yet so excited one of them
says it's stale or on the top so
hopefully it's something from it a
little Mac or something next let's have
a look and see what's inside
yeah it's the MEK richer met liquid
lipsticks they sent me the shade and it
danced with me and tailored to teas they
look like and they'll be going for fifty
dollars
New Zealand they're available on at the
4th of January from Olmec locations in
New Zealand I'm not sure if they're
permanent or not but I need to get all
of the shades and like do lip swatch
video something on my go online soon and
see if they're online
I'm going to enjoy this and put my
camera on charge because it is beeping
at me because they may have forgotten to
put on charge last night I'm so excited
this came from two phases Cheers the
newest and curious me about that
chocolate collection chocolate bonbon 16
eyes shadows and delicious pops of color
sugary rats and beautiful goatee
neutrals and a chocolate so this is the
packaging and then it the eyeshadows on
the inside and drove to say it kind of
reminds me of those pellets you get when
you're like a child like the weird love
heart-shaped I should I pants but the
actual colors look really beautiful it
should be a purple I'm saying for a walk
taking the dogs for another walk I'll be
starting it's really one day it does hit
three beauty videos today so I got so
much done already are you going hey
oops oops oops we're off to animates now
quickly we're gonna go get some
Christmas presents for the puppies
hopefully they don't sniff them out
before Christmas day so here's what we
got we got a little like raccoon sweet
and then a pink gorilla there was a
black one too but he was really fluffy
so we thought this want to be bitter and
then we also got them one of these each
the Christmas Day that'll go in their
little picket some kind of like pork
thing hundred percent natural so you got
a couple of filters to their drinking
fountain as well
hey so just about what she pops and
recreation for a while and I just pawned
a month mask this is the skin food mud
mask so I'm gonna say goodnight now
because we're not doing anything else
tonight I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog and I will talk to you tomorrow bye
