good morning so we just got back from
the gym and a good workout I'm gonna
have every color on toast for breakfast
again and then I've got to edit some
videos for next week and then I don't
know I'm like almost ready like you know
I've almost got all of my videos sorted
until I get back from castle point after
New Year's I just got it at a few videos
like I've got it all those favorites
videos and stuff so I'll probably be
finished by late next week so it might
be able to have like a week off or
something before can support over a few
days hopefully I don't know I feel very
good right now like I feel like I'm
finally on top of everything and it's a
good feeling I also need to fake tan
today so I'll do that in a bit and then
yeah don't really know what else to say
right now living the life look at this
excuse me who do you think you are using
my chopping board yeah I should really
have a smoothie but that vacati used to
do is so good I wanted to begin so I've
had a shower and fake account used
Lovington it is 1206
I actually started editing before I - ah
WA so got some work done and I'm gonna
continue to edit I've got a couple of
videos I want to get done and then I
might take some photos face so beauty of
the new stuff my turn looks so good
apart from that and then later on I need
to stop picking and then I think later
later on Hamish wants to go into town
quick clean just to get a couple of
last-minute Christmas gifts even though
it's not last minutes this even take
them to see but but you're just very
busy people at the moment so we want to
get everything done in advance so there
isn't my plants I've also got some metal
open later for you as well do you guys
remember this dog she was tiny last time
she was over no cut big she is how does
she Jesus
she's gonna help health said this
weekend alright I just finished off work
for the day it is 10:00 to 6:00 and I I
don't think we're gonna go out to town
anymore
I don't feel like it so I think we're
just stay at home I'm just going to open
up some mail sorry I'm so tired right
now I've got a bunch of random I think
like for yeah for ranging like packages
they've just come in throughout the day
so I will show you those now so the
first package has some Star Wars and
makeup from it covergirl a couple of
lipsticks in the mascara okay I was like
what the heck is in this package and I
completely forgot I even ordered these I
ordered these like the end of September
about the intercepting world midway
through September Avenue just arrived
I got these off an Etsy shop it's like a
unicorn horn and unicorn is because I
was going to do a unicorn tutorial for
like Halloween but because that idea I
might do one next year
we'll see how we go yes I bought this
stuff I bought this stuff a while ago
from Pew delish but I used ship it - no
I used your shop to get it to me look at
this cool paper
this is Jeffrey Stehr wrecking paper was
like a limited edition if you ordered in
a certain time my gosh oh my gosh so
much stuff yes I must have spent a lot
because they gave me some gift cuts as
well this was like bought by myself by
the way it wasn't seen - they don't know
who I am or anything yes look at it all
okay I'm gonna do like a flatly photo I
think because this paper is too good to
resist I got so much stuff okay you can
see a picture of the stuff I got I'm
gonna put it up on Instagram at some
stage maybe the next couple of days
sometimes I take photos and they just
don't post them for awhile so that when
I have like a boring day where I'm not
wearing makeup and stuff I've got
something opposed to and then the last
package is from Elizabeth Arden cute low
Christmas card from the Elizabeth Auden
team thank you guys so much and then if
there's some kind of package Oh what is
it ruthless I am ripping into it okay
that's how you guys the other night
today not I was gonna tell you guys
about this makeup remover it's one of my
favorite ones I've ever used you know
I'm wearing out so it's perfect
there's an eye cream and a mascara every
one so it is Friday morning we fly out
in a couple hours or in
always to Christchurch so we think to
hem enough for the weekend for a wedding
which I don't know if you guys don't
know if you guys remember but it's one
of Hamish is close friends witting so I
won't really be vlogging X though we
doing like a vlog little bits that
aren't like the proper wedding part just
because like you know it's really
personal and I don't even know most of
it like 99% of people I don't even know
what the spitting so it's just like
awkward if I like vlogger and it's a
personal thing so I hope you guys
understand that but I'll vlog other bits
and pieces and just do a little like
what are they called a compilation vlog
thing I'm very excited just go back from
the gym it's 10:30 we're gonna go have a
shower and then finish packing I'm
running out of breath and yeah that's
the plan no my flat in a few hours or I
need a hurry up and pack and I want to
put on some makeup and stuff because I
think there's like a cocktail party
tonight or something so by the time we
actually get to a Christchurch it's like
4 o'clock then we've got to drop to him
now which is like I think an hour and a
half away or an hour away or something
it's so like I need to be ready before
we even get on the flight so should be
fun
I got some mail merry Christmas from
Manuka doctor there is a threatening oil
which sounds cold
a radiant serum some facial wipes and
then preparing skin cream
alright here's my makeup of the day my
lashes are shocking I rushed them and I
trim them to shorten then I tried to fix
it it's just not happening but they are
the romantic like so beauty if you are
wondering it's gonna focus on my friggin
face my lipstick is like these OCC lip
tar things its interlace mixed with
narcissist and then my highlights from
that top thing and the other wrist is
pretty simple so yeah I packed my makeup
at the same time so now I'm gonna go do
my hair and get dressed and then finish
packing we've got like an hour and a
half so should be just enough time I'm
already impact famous just make me some
lunch so I'm going to tie up with the
intercepts and stuff in bracelets
house-sitting and you know gonna make it
looks to me party it's on toast
yes Hema shoes yum yum yum
Oh done Becky are you gonna miss me are
you gonna miss me hey I know you will
got a new page from Too Faced just a
Merry Christmas card from a run at Too
Faced cute and then give yourself a
glamorous little Christmas xox /
two-faced cure is it like a little
makeup tray thing that's quite cute
thank you two-faced that's really cool
where they walk
really recommand Sunday landed in
Christchurch landed in Christchurch and
we're trying to find our means book how
to drive to Hamner we're in it's nice to
just need me to carry the bag and it's
proving harder than we do I want a
mission to carry my baby yeah we can't
find our rental car super hot as well
just like winter and it's really hot
does it mean we got to my room in Christ
you wait Kemna hen handma hem 'no i
don't know how to pronounce it
here's that fear how much something
about down he just lost his shirt look
how pretty it is here it's so nice so
we're gonna go head out and get some
dinner now Kelly is absolutely starving
storm I kind of ate a sandwich earlier
because I was really hungry so yeah
we're gonna go find some food and then
I'm not sure what we're getting out
tuition I I guess just have a few drinks
or something I look so orange right now
hopefully I'm not my lips are so dry
like all like burnt and blistered up and
I think they look let's watch video I
did the other day did not help them out
like they're so sore but I will live I
just can't we lipstick right now so yeah
sofa left will wreck in widget because
it's this is quite cute oh yeah cocked I
was either gonna get babies I like em
between no that's true yeah yeah that's
me
that's it I've got everything in front
of me thank you that's what I got oh so
good wait was it that was good you know
stay on track
Yeah right that's the first night done
we just chilled out tonight friends had
some drinks and stuff
tomorrow's the wedding Hamish and all of
his mates are gonna go play golf
tomorrow morning so I'll probably just
stay at home and do my makeup and stuff
and chill out in the wedding's like late
afternoon but I won't be really vlogging
that so I'll talk to you a little bit
tomorrow okay everyone so I've done my
makeup for the wedding today I've got to
get changed obviously I'm not wearing a
t-shirt and leggings to winning but we
just off the line Hamish and all the
boys just got back from golf while I did
my makeup oh yeah we're gonna go get
some food and then later on the
wedding's happening
you're very white is this white tissue
canes all right it's but to what they're
just got ready for the wedding this is
my outfit I'm just wearing these shoes
from bits and then this dress is from
misguided it's just got like lace and
then the little split at the back and
then the lace in the midriff as well and
then it covers my boobs because most
array dresses show off my boobs I want
to cover them up yeah and then I've just
got this little clutch with a tassel
this is my makeup I just kept it quite
light I use this secret palette on my
eyes and then on my lips is peels in on
top of like a pink lip liner and then my
lashes are the prima donna by EXO beauty
and I've got that too makeup revolution
middle I shadow on my inner corner my
highlights from that tight pellet that
blushes from the top of the bronzer same
from the same palette Foundation is
Laura Mercier silk cream foundation and
yeah so we're all getting ready to hit
off now but I've also got some jewelry
on that Hamish got me as well and my
moon ring babe in my coat on my own
range I'm so out of breath kind of
rushing anyways I guess I will either
talk to you guys tonight or tomorrow
because I'm not gonna take my vlogging
camera with me because as I said I'm
gonna be vlogging the actual event
almost we are home they go long well
apparently
oh let's say to hit playing and now put
the middle of your foot or not the tip
yeah like that because you use like I
got a Christmas gift from the body shop
so nice of them it smells so good I can
like smell it already this is the set
suma fragrance women tine here we go
they make small sensor also got some
stuff from a PR company involved with so
I've got some other brow pomade which
Elias it really good things about wow
pretty lashes do me whispies I think
these are brow sculpting gel I think I
already or net its voice handy isn't it
what else is in here off is a brow
defining kit
look volume increase the appearance of
your lips eyes awesome I think that's
the same brand is that um line one as
well there's one felt like wrinkles and
stuff that I want to try it on my mom
like in a video one day I just haven't
gotten around to doing it and also ten
years younger and forty six oh wait this
is it I think this is the one immediate
correction of the appearance of skin
aging including the look of lines
wrinkles crow's feet sickness and
enlarged pores I am totally gonna do a
video on that like war it's on stage I
want to do like it doesn't really work
kind of video let me know if you think
that'd be cool cuz I feel like it'd be
cool to see if it works you know not
like my mom's like very wrinkly but
she's more wrinkly than me sorry ma just
arrived as well and I have to apologize
I haven't even had time to open up my
pillow what smell lately so I need to do
that at some stage as well I've got like
a pile of my room and I also need to go
check my PO Box which I might just Maura
because I just haven't done in a while
and I'm worried it's gonna be getting a
little bit full so I got this in the
mail keep it showed see choir relax is
be so chilled so this is some kind of
relaxing thing looks really interesting
so good better try
