hey everyone so I just got back from the
gym we went for about an hour and a half
and it is it is it really
Tim past 11:00 Wow okay I've got lots of
either thing to do today so that's what
I'll be doing I've also got the mail
they just arrived - I'll show you that
and that's my day just a lots and lots
of editing gonna get some vlogs done and
just some of those like favorites videos
and stuff a while I'm in Castle Point
this New Year's oh my gosh it's so much
cardio and then I did my arms and they
really saw how this arrived today and
these products look so beautiful just
show you the pricing and everything and
it comes out January 18th 2016 here in
New Zealand
so this lipstick here is called only
year it's so pretty I love that color
this also it's like jumbo like lip
pencil paint and polish I love these and
that's the color there and then it's
also a lip gloss goodness gracious
by the way this hair is in rift is also
a I should art and cream color base
palette it's the packaging and then this
little jewelry here it is it the powder
blush duo and I'll hold my breath and it
reminds me of the ones which collection
was it kind of remember but you guys
know what I mean so all those arrived
and then I got a mess of box from oxygen
skincare so open this now this was
inside with a little note tradition and
just say thank you for the support for
another successful year we hope you
enjoy our new look products we've
included one of every product within our
range for you to enjoy or share watching
your hamish Lillian's is a very happy
holiday season kind regards Alana Jackie
and oxygen team thank you
oxygen is one of my favorite skin care
brands like she ran out a while ago so
I'm excited for this yeah these are like
my favorite ones the ones with pumice in
they clean up my skin it's so good
there's a mask heaps of cool stuff in
here I'm gonna go have a quick shower
and then I will come back and make it
smoothie or something for breakfast then
I need to eat it because the day is
getting on I didn't wake up super early
over a couple like 8:30 this morning we
didn't go to the gym until like 9:00
it's my own fault
and blue eyeshadow this is a pigment
called steel blue by Mac and I'm supreme
that underneath that water line and kind
of blending it into that blue color and
I just like the gradient effect and then
I'm using a light blue glitter on top
because glitter just screams at New
Year's to me so I thought this looked
really really really pretty so it is
almost 2 o'clock I've just the hitter
juice before and now I'm having it some
food there's got a bunch of solids from
countdown so I'm just gonna do a little
mix match thing this one's my favorite
give me a mess of Bowl I am so hungry
from the gym today I cannot wait to eat
I'm also gonna do a flat lay photo if
that Galactic stuff I got and also this
mech stuff so that's my job for the next
hour or so I just finished editing my
first New Year's they even makeup
tutorial which i think is hopefully
going out next week I also need to
schedule tomorrow's video Friday's
videos really it's this hi face video
with Hamish my eyes were definitely
bigger than my stomach these pictures I
took
I am freaking it dying so cute sorry the
screens of a dog because the phone is
dying thank you hey what's this hmm
oh you've broken it I feel majorly
accomplished right now I got done one
video for next Monday thing coming up on
Monday I'm still trying to decide I also
get it and uploaded two vlogs today
these two just here into the thumbnails
I also edited like four more thumbnails
of other videos that I'm uploading in
the next couple weeks and I have it
scheduled at tomorrow's video
Wednesday's video I think Friday as I
said is that Pie Face video which is
already up and ready to go I have done
all of this options 548 so I'm gonna
start finishing up soon I think the
chill night have a relaxing night with
my bag to a my outfit I'm wearing like
bit socks in pants hey what I also took
some photos of my galactic makeup like I
said I was going to do like a few days
ago and I forgot
and also that matte collection I love
this photo I took such good quality in
the United some photos with Oh
little of Lavigne's who spy took this
with my other phone Oh shush which I
showed you earlier I just realized they
look so cute let's I put them on my
phone here second person to Instagram
it's on stage I did do one on their page
or really see like a cute you're so cute
Lily he's like yeah we'll hurry up and
finish working so you can cuddle me hmm
someone looks tired
see these he's asleep on the carpet poor
boys so hot I got some on me I'll show
you got glue we've just watched the
wrist Oh swagger season 2 I got two
packages this afternoon one is color pop
and one is makeup geek so this I chose
from colour-pop it says hi love meet
puppy a lot this shade holds a special
place in my heart because if it was
developed to support no co la all
proceeds from puppy love will help no
kill la reached their goal of no pity
having to die in a shelter again that's
so cool so definitely check out the
color if you want to get some makeup and
help a good cause at the same time I
just got rid of all the packing peanuts
but all of this here is from makeup
geeks that was so nice of them see me
all of this
tons of eyeshadows holy moly Shannon
thank you for choosing makeup geek we
hope you love all of the products love
dirty and the makeup geek team yeah you
thank you so much oh wait and a couple
of z posters these ones are so pretty
it's the makeup geek sleep L it love
love love love so excited I have to go
through and like organize them all so
exciting we are going to sleep now
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog to
you tomorrow bye everyone so I just got
back from the gym me wait for about oh I
started off my timer we went for an hour
I'm so tired like ridiculous and I
slipped in today to like nine fifty or
something whoops so today I'm gonna film
this morning I'm gonna do maybe an
orange lips makeup tutorial because I
did a photo a little while ago it hates
people asked for like a tutorial but I
might amp it up a bit I don't know how
but I'll figure it out as I go
and also I'm gonna show you the Chi Chi
let's watch video for you guys it's been
really hard it'd came in talked probably
and in later this afternoon we change
those to the bit
he's been having a couple problems
lately but we'd never really thought
much over we thought it might have been
something he was eating or something
he'd never seemed upset or like anything
like there he was like his normal self
but it had been again today I was like
nah let's just take him to the vet and
just make sure there's nothing wrong
with him like internally so we've got an
appointed this afternoon for that
hopefully he's fine I'd rather just make
sure and get him to eat door birth into
year that's our day today so we had a
change of plans we're gonna took Zeus
early because it was an earlier
appointment
hey Mimi Lehman strangers all right it's
20 past 3:00 and I just finished filming
so I'm gonna pull up the footage and
then have some lunch light lunch um by
the way my mouth is all pink because of
me rubbing off all the lipstick 20 times
the edges tutorial and I also did a
little swatch video for Gigi they did
trickles here's my late lunch I've got
some broccoli rice salad and Thai um
creamer and carrot which is sweet potato
and carrot
I love these salads I was really really
really I'm craving maybe in a second or
something later I don't know I'm gonna
say how I feel what's happening so we
just went to the grocery store and grab
some groceries some salad and I got a
quiche and strawberries and some cheese
now we're gonna take the dogs for a
quick walk and then when we come back
home in to finish off my editing for the
day you decided to we took Zeus to the
vet and he got some pills and stuff that
he has to take but he'll be fine
come on yeah there's a lot of bees
come on don't eat those that won't be
fun we're gonna work be savvy I usually
just get I also got some rum and VG's it
came with us but Haven she's gonna eat
it you excited
it's like it's a walk or something so we
just got home I am so far I'm like
pissing my pants right now I've just
been reading the comments on my new like
I did Instagram and a Facebook of the
faux frickles
look that I did today and understandably
some people hate it which is fine
because it's not gonna be for everyone
but I really like the way it looks so I
don't care and also like tons of people
commenting nice things and say they like
as well and I'm getting some of these
random comments like one person said
that I have offended them I was like
that offends you okay one person says I
feel insulted by your fake freckles this
one's really good
I think frickles are beautiful I think
brown skin is beautiful or she says I
think brown skin is as beautiful I can
admire someone's beauty without
appropriating the characteristic of this
kid like how is like drawing for gonna
appropriation considering like I have
freckles as well like it's better would
be happy if you have frickles be happy
if you don't altering your skin to look
like someone else's it's very cheesy I'm
like you're getting angry at me then
each time I have freckles and I put
concealer on top of them because that's
like the same thing and then the same
goal comments maybe blackface will be
next like I'm sorry but that is a
ridiculous
some people seriously get wound up at
the stupidest things like I always just
laugh like I can't even take people
seriously I'm like you realize there's
like people dying in the world is like
slavery and like human trafficking and
important things happening that you
could be focusing on but no sorry I'm
really racist towards people in Africa
--ls anyway I think I was just forced me
into watching um
Star Wars tonight it should be fun
that's all about just galaxies
this reminds me retching clang that's
like very rationed and clean just then
yo yo yo so we watched an hour and 20
minutes of the first Star Wars I'm sorry
tired now it's really late we also
watched a um
Made in Chelsea episode actually it
really likes Star Wars so far which is
surprising for me cuz I don't usually
like like sci-fi I guess yes i phi is a
good way to put it I usually like them
but I find it good so far so yeah I'm
sure Heyman should be happy about that a
couple of these movies like 15 years old
or something like it's crazy like
they're really good considering how old
they are and like I just imagine back
then they would have been so advanced
you know anyway we go sleep now I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog not to
tomorrow bye
