hey guys it's Sunday morning and we're
just at Christchurch Airport payme she's
in the bathroom and when he gets there
which is good to go find some food Tama
and sell you somewhere behind us that
was really fun I'm still so tired like
weird to wake up kind of early because
about flight now we get home this
afternoon and we just relax all day I'm
so excited so I have gone out on the
couch or something just my breakfast and
prematures hi and home hi baby
hi hi hi both of you what have you been
doing sit good boy
you excited come back you're so cute
that was the windiest landing me and him
he should be ever had to go through it
was so bumpy hi it was really ridiculous
like we were like swaying and stuff and
like dropping and also it's like real
bad turbulence but we made it we made it
out alive we're walking across the
tarmac it was like blowing me I felt
like I could barely walk forwards cuz
the one was coming backwards like
forcing backwards and I was like really
move so when do you like ridiculous we
got some mail so I opened it all up for
you so the first stuff in here is a mrs.
bag from clembot and I'm going to
combine this with that Sephora stuff and
the stuff I got from pega Marie and what
I was like just a few bits and pieces
I've been hauling lately I'm gonna do a
big whole video so I won't show you that
just yet but these heaps of exciting
goodies I picked out so stay tuned we
also got some stuff from Jerrod so
there's a bunch of their hydromet liquid
lipsticks in the supreme lip cream okay
so these are the hydromet we have it
cher Ruby slipper iced mocha gravity and
ballet slipper and then here we have the
hide what are they called
supreme little lip creams blooming
hibiscus
angel cake and then the last one is wild
berry tart honest watch these I haven't
tried these before
you won't like any kind of like swatch
video with all of their lip creams and
stuff I could do one if you want to see
it and so pretty there really like that
like creamy kind of glossy products but
they're not like the look glosses
they're more pigmented than that I also
got a gift from
revitalash which is my favorite lash +
brow growth serum we sell it on XO
beauty shop comm worldwide apart from
Australia what's in here so excited for
my mum as well we've got the revita brow
advanced and then the revitalash and
then tinted brow gel which i haven't
actually tried before and then a gift
collection revitalash advanced and then
a volumizing at mascara
neat stuff some goodies from white there
I bought all of these like a couple
weeks back a whole bunch of bralette
they're all so pretty if I can untangle
these so I got this stripy Bratz kind of
like stripy as you can say oh hello
where did you come from ain't you hi and
then I got this white one with a little
like floral lace and then this one I
thought it'd be so good under like the
white dresses and stuff you know a sheer
white dresses it's got the nude underlay
the back is like a note as well super
pretty so I love these I always always
always wear stuff like this so I don't
mind spending a bit of money on them for
this last box I've no idea where it's
from it doesn't say what on earth okay
it looks like it's being chilled in here
I should know we would like to assure
you a family very happy holiday thank
you again for working with us all thank
you these are some of my managers over
in the USA that's so lovely oh my gosh
what is in here I've never seen anything
like this before oh it's a bit smashed
product of Franz okay these look so good
I'm gonna try one I'm gonna eat the
white chocolate one in the middle
because white chocolate is my favorite
oh my god like caramel and hazelnut or
something good alright it is seriously
time to clean it this mess of a room are
you ready for the before how much I'm
gonna get through but I'm going to do my
best
there's so much everywhere alright
this is all I'm doing so far I've got
bunch of it brushes to clean that's
right a little bit of the stuff down
here not very much but it's been like
over an hour and hand I'm just like over
it so I'll just slowly chip away to look
at that rubbish right there crazy
hey guys oh my dad I can't sleep last
night
well actually that's a lie I kind of
forgot to vlog dinner and we just
watched some Fargo and then I fell
asleep I didn't even finish watching
 I fell asleep like halfway through
an episode but I feel so much better
right now it's 8 a.m. and I'm not like
dying of being tired so hopefully this
lasts throughout the day I'm off to the
gym for a quick like at the freight
start filming which I know will give me
more energy so I'm still looking forward
to opening to the German like a couple
weeks I feel like so did we could to get
back into it
so just mccarty on weights today so yeah
I'm sorry isn't finished blogging last
night hi yeah I talked to you guys to
make it back from the gym my arm is
shaking I just click it is it's just
going to new clock so I'm kind of in a
hurry I'm gonna whip up a quick smoothie
for breakfast hop in the shower and I
think I'll just do a high ponytail today
while I film so I don't wash my hair
today I did some power walking incline
and then I did cross-trainer and then I
did the kid a ball swinging out he like
squat things and I also did what was it
did the arm machine the one that goes
out that way the one that goes that way
dips like you know dips and I also wait
like that said I was gonna do something
else today I didn't
hi hi hello what are you doing alright
this one is a very odd color saw good
I've really been enjoying like coconut
water and stuff and have much left sided
like half coconut water half regular
water no no it's a little bit more
refreshing I guess less creamy but I
mean what makes it more like sweet and
creamy I feel that it's so good YUM so
I'm just gonna go have a shower now
finish this off I actually need to put
my camera on charge because I forgot to
do it while I was at the gym so I will
talk to you guys a little bit later
maybe after I film because I need to get
stuck into it before the Lighting's two
brides a really sunny day so hey
everyone so I just finished filming it
is 3:30 I haven't had any lunch or
anything so I'm gonna do that now and
I'm gonna start eating because I need to
eat at Wednesday's video my hand and
almost like sustainable swatches I did a
whole makeup tutorial and I also did a
high-end favorites of 2015
it's exhausting very fun and exciting so
I'm so excited you guys to see those
videos hopefully it well the footage
comes out okay I'm really worried
because Wallace I mean that last video
the line was getting a bit dodgy because
it was getting on in the day so I'm
gonna eat it now and have some lunch his
lunch I have some broccoli salad from
countdown it's so good and green juice
this jumping spider is annoying the heck
out of me but I don't wanna kill him cuz
he's not doing anything wrong but he's
just scaring me and I feel like he's
just gonna jump from their own to me
basically I used to love spiders when I
was little it's really weird I loved
them until a jumping spider
jumped into my hair and then ever since
then I've been kind of terrified of
spiders it's like I'm not too scared
right now well I kind of am I'm just
really skied he's kind of jumping I
don't want him to I just wanted to get
up to the ceiling like leave me alone
he's like being it going away like up
and down up and down like all forgetting
like the whole time I've enjoyed this
video
so the time is 6:17 I'm gonna finish off
the day I'm gonna make it as a daily
vlog today cuz I'm too tired I edited my
whole for Wednesday which is this one
here and then I edited a thumbnail for
this makeup tutorial it's a New Year's
Eve one and then also did this high end
favorites thumbnail let me know what you
think of the text and the thumbnail I
don't know if I should do text or not I
always like go back and forth between it
I don't know let me know if it's more
eye-catching hold on I'll show you which
one the other one looks like there's the
other one can you guys please comment
down below and just say which one is
more eye-catching like if you are
scrolling which one stands out more I
guess because I just can't decide like
I've been staring it up for too long I
would love your help I got this massive
box sorry heavy and it says please do
not drop yet it's got a mess of bend in
it so really nothing is damaged I don't
know what this is so there's a couple of
these like box things in here and
there's a litter oh I know what it is
now these are some marble trays
someone's starting up a business and I
wanted to send them to me so they sent
them to my manager and I just didn't
they're down here are all the links just
here if you're interested I'll just show
you what they look like now I was
pulling this out and I could hear this
like rustling noises or oh my gosh
please tell me it's not broken but it's
not they gave me chocolate cake YUM
these dogs can smell chocolate from a
mile away I swear you know you're not
allowed it so that's how they all look
there's like a small rectangle circular
one and a bigger like square so I have
no idea what makeup or like perfume I'm
going to put on them no idea where I'm
gonna put them and I'll figure it out
they look so nice what's that you've got
there
donor cuz we worked late we got delivery
tie carry and spring rolls airbrush I'm
doing a face mask ever done one in ages
this is the Menaka Doctor illusionist
rabid little girl we're just watching
some hats recreation and we also watched
some Fargo we're up to the second to
last episode of season 2 it's really
good really weird they're good
and balance and patience hope you guys
enjoyed today's log sorry guys a bit
boring I was working really hard all day
I've got so much exciting stuff to share
with you over the coming few weeks dude
and I'm not pregnant
because I know someone will say that
every single time I say anything like
that it's don't exa BD stuff so yeah
can't wait
love you guys tomorrow I
