good morning everyone excuse my I wake
up I didn't remove it properly last I
fell asleep oh my gosh I was so tired
like started removing it and I should
cut like so I just got off a massive oh
my oh shit I'd just graph it a massive
conference call with my managers and
worry about some stuff which is very
exciting so I do a cut belly for that
because he's in the States and it's
really late at the moment over there so
that's what that is 9 a.m. now and I'm
going to have a shower I don't I'm gonna
go to the gym I'm stalking all the
average like I would love to go but I'm
really Everidge I don't want to make
myself worse couldn't move out to travel
tomorrow again like oh no I'm so torn
maybe I'll see how I feel later I've got
a lot of filming to do this morning as
well
I need to wash my hair and I want to
fake tan so today I'm gonna film maybe
makeup tutorial might do one of my
favorites videos they was talking about
I'm so excited to film those and yeah I
don't know what else I watch you should
probably get it your daily blog and yeah
that's the plan
it's a male as well outside I was on my
phone call and so it was like going
apeshit at the Koreas like barking I was
like very kind of hearing thing so yeah
organ samara later as well everyone so i
just clipped in my hair extensions and
fake tan shallot wash my hair dried it I
also did some emails and it acidic
yesterday's vlog it isn't almost 11
o'clock so I should definitely start
blogging I mean not vlogging definitely
start filming I've got like three videos
on a film because look what came so I'm
going to do a first impression as well
on that foundation time we will go up
but I want to film it right now I'm so
excited to see if it's actually as good
as all these people say it is I am
blasting my aircon right now on my face
because it's too hot so I just finished
filming my New Year's um what's it
called makeup store room and outfit it's
not the stress the stress I'm doing a
photo for Instagram I think it's going
up on Monday did a outfit idea and New
Year's Eve makeup tutorial this is it
here
YouTube did a cut crease I'm not very
good at them but I tried my best I
really like how it came out so that's
one tutorial I'm going to do this is
like the more like dramatic one and I'm
also going to do a really simple like
smokey kind of
for people that don't want to go this
intense so I think I'll film that next
week and put that up around Christmas
time so that people can practice for New
Year's and yeah I don't know what else
to say right now I'm going to fill my
erican drugstore favorites today I'm
also doing a first impression on that
unique foundation so far so good
it's definitely not what they crack it
up to be though yeah I will talk to you
guys soon my name is you're going to go
Tam in a bit to do some Christmas
shopping it's 2:05 and I haven't eaten
or drunk any water today either so it is
terrible
I got changed once again this cheque is
from ASOS
the stress was from Dottie like a year
ago and then my shoes at my $10 cotton
on boots those threw this on I don't
actually know if it looks good a lot but
we're rolling with it because I put on a
different dress and then Hamish broke
this up on it so CBF with life right now
yes this is how I unpacked because I'm
packing against more weight tonight
shit I leave tomorrow morning I'm going
to miss you again and you ending ding
ding
I think Andy again we're at farmers but
I can't show you what I've got my hand
because the person that I'm buying for
watches me make a bomb look at that side
so it's gonna get some I'm gonna get
some new lights my likes 20 I like to do
it but I love there yeah but your tree
looks awesome that's half price hmm give
your lies what are you getting a mesh oh
I'm getting on a hard drive as long as
someone's hearing can get it off tonight
what's the difference why is that one
a lot more expensive maybe it's not me
it's supposed to be on special but they
just forgot to sticker it because the
line behind it's on special for the car
wash before they got the cabin washed
look how good it looks
don't y'all just cuz they're yours is
open
went to get in that car park haha
it's the only car part we can find
forever and that person was part so
badly like we couldn't even fit I'm so
angry
oh my gosh hello orange am i that orange
in real life yeah
no I'm not yes you are he's just one a
little bit of running me like you know
what Hamish you're such a decade you are
we're going after sight cuz we've got no
feet at home flash and I'm gonna guide
well well I see it either
Indian food or pizza I'll see you guys
hit onion food and Peter you were right
where's the baddest of the bad I just
love in the internal feats Allah so he
was terrible look where we are
we didn't end up going to arranged
marriage which I wanted to go there
Hamish did not stolen and be grateful
forget that and that I got a coke
what okay
when it comes to the University
Oh what
then we'll buy the fake bison on earth
and do it
I got I don't like spinach and
vegetables in the staff I only had it in
a full size so I was just like Yolo and
I'm not going to eat all that this is so
YUM they love a better fear yeah how
much lighter - really good was it cool I
remember I filmed it though
here's my career finishes English why
you so locally so he's reading some
stuff I got a package kaylynn pure let's
raise a glass to the perfect pouch cute
they got a fin champagne glass
Hamish just for you number 8 by Kaelyn
I've never heard of a friend in my life
if any of you guys heard of it
do you like real lipstick mm-hmm no
that's not Beauty here woody that if he
could one time when we lived in Auckland
Zoo it's got a hold of my jumbo next I
should or pencils and ate them all
through the carpet and it stained all
through the carpet but luckily we got it
out it is 8:30 I just wrapped up my
first impression video so I don't know
when that will go up but I'll show you
up soon - so now I am going to wash my
face because I cannot wait to get off
this crap off my foots lashes and I
might even just have a really quick
shower because I've got so much fake tan
on right now it's just going to go all
of my sheets I like my makeup today
my eyes are getting a little bit
irritated over from the glitter so I'm
gonna go it was shot quickly in the
middle of face mask because I've been
someone in like a while what up man
Hamish ah mate Hamish are watching Parks
and Recreation and we're gonna sleep and
then tomorrow morning we get up early
and go to Christchurch the pagans
engagement party I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I'll talk to you Mauro
ah good me on our plane
- crash church
we're in Christchurch we're just sorting
out some stuff for her paid for and yeah
you've been here either
shit my name is you're gonna go get some
weeks we've been eaten anything today
and I'm starting what time is it must be
like lunchtime already
no I'm not show you my muscle is peeling
what time is it English one o'clock so
why it's one o'clock yeah I'm starving
needless to say so we're gonna go get
some supper just be jeez look at my soul
step on my why hi peganum Hamish is
sharing some chips and this sausage the
Hamish Sport look how big that thing is
like there is one big sausage that's
what she said Oh baby
look at your eyes oh my gosh she was
adorable
no I was going she's like that bitch out
she's like a little TT beer I love hey
guys so it is now 6:30 and summits
earlier here as well are they putting
the right area but anyway and also mark
who's pagans fiance we're off to find
some with it so now we've pulled up like
eight different places and they're all
jam-packed so I've no idea what's going
on tonight it's just really busy so I
think we're gonna walk to a pizza place
and hopefully they'll have some room for
us and yes cuz there's like six of us
it's like you need like a big table and
there's just none oh my gosh these are
so good which one
/ iya ya got cocktails I don't remember
what this is I think it's like blueberry
and stuff it's this one
tom is instagramming right we're gonna
Lupino things okay look at the speaks of
Peters watching this is a creme brulee
cocktail for sugar
Hamish really wants to try the egg
whites yeah those are sort of spicy oh
my goodness that's so right good morning
guys so it is Saturday morning I didn't
in my vlog last night I'm sorry we did
like nothing we finished up at the pizza
place went home went home into nothing
and then I went to sleep so you don't
miss out on anything today we are going
to go out for breakfast then I'm gonna
get ready and then we've got pagan and
Marc's engagement party tonight I'm
excited I won't vlog too much because
it's like a personal you know personal
thing you know just to leave a little
bit for pagans personal life and a Joe's
carriage memory best you can't really
sit aside from here this area is so
flash it's like all brand-new image got
a chocolate milkshake I'm gonna share
with them I got scrambled eggs and
avocado and like potato visitor make up
time we're just chillin chillin like a
villain what's wrong
why is that Sally's just been reading
this magazine was it really good your
section was very good that's very
impressed not so sure about the boy
advice section
Tamara favors shouldn't really agree
with that there are some really good
horoscopes as well very accurate making
pass oh there it is
that's me oh by the way if anyone's
confused this was out in like January
this year like a long time ago most year
ago that is soos he's grown up a little
bit since that photo was taken
okay so we're
taxi now as I said among the world here
tonight that I'd show you my Maker
I did like highlighter it's the chichi
me I show my lips are
it's a logic oxen have to give them a
good clear it's the light box them like
stick and then I'm just wearing some
angle I should have been a boy this guy
cut us off football show wearing a blue
jersey the money because the other line
here is crazy look at pagans mums
Christmas tree so perfect so pretty
like look at those amazing man okay did
you get it does Neil and yeah and even -
that's amazing it's so pretty though
it's pretty so perfect like it's evenly
distributed and stuff I know when you do
it you know we that we're back from the
party now is prom some ho ho boy hell on
my skin but really fun just super super
tired now like so like obviously having
fun here but I'm just sort of looking
for - Herman - sleepy think on Monday oh
I can on Monday I've gotta do some
videos maybe Tuesday I'm just gonna have
a little bit of it like sleeping in
chill day or wean sale something I just
need to like catch up on my sleep so I'm
just always so tired like so that was
tight like 8 o'clock goes like morning
and like feeling real sick and stuff so
I'm just so exhausted from like working
and traveling and like obviously been
having it's a fun doing it but it's just
like my mind is just exhausted so yeah
there's today I'll talk to you guys
tomorrow
