hey everyone sorry I didn't vlog back
yesterday we were just traveling home
and my battery died but we got home at
2:00 I think about 2:15 2:30 last night
or this morning I should say and there's
now like 10 something and I just lived
in has me to film today but I'm just
going to push back my schedule and just
get something today for my next video
because oh so joy and I still don't feel
better like my chest estores thing about
going to the gym but I'm so tired and
just feel sick and I'm just like over
like oh just over traveling but I'm so
excited for Friday because it's pagans
engagement party but it's just you know
it's just so much stuff happening and
I'm just like oh I just need a breather
so today I'm going to edit some vlog
stuff and I need to prepare my video to
go up today because I didn't get to do
that last week and what else do I need
to do and eat your unpack and then do my
washing ok back like I didn't even wash
off my makeup last night oh I just feel
like in general like I just felt
tired and yep but that's fine
I'll probably feel better later on once
of his shower and stuff I just need to
go schedule my video first and then
hopefully tonight I can have an early
night and then wake up tomorrow film and
edit so that I can stay on top of things
and not miss any uploads cuz there's the
last thing I want and yeah it's the plan
I've got so many packages so since half
of today is already gone basically hello
I've been up all those packages later
once I've done a bit of work so this
looks interesting yeah ok it's not my
face as my camera doesn't wanna focus
properly but anyway I'm gonna make a
smoothie it is quarter past twelve we
haven't eaten or drunken or done
anything today I finished doing today's
videos so that's all ready to go up in
two hours and now I'm going to edit a
video from Monday then go do some kind
of like maybe makeup tutorial or
something I don't know I had a look at
what I filmed and like pick something
I'm gonna make a smoothie now cuz I'm
starving and then once I visited the
next video I'll come and open up on my
mail and then I need to ill up my daily
vlog
this is the ugliest colored smoothie I
have even made in my life but hopefully
it tastes good
mm-hmm strong coffee but that is exactly
what I need today to be honest it feels
good to be harm like so good to be home
the only thing hello to the camera hi he
wants to show you this toy ah that's so
cool I love it
where'd you get this from hey Zeus I
love you so much
did you have a bath this morning yeah
hey I love you too so much they missed
you so much
no you do that though oh don't bite me I
seriously like can't even believe how
much I miss my puppies every time I'm
gone my Nana and my mum like
collectively looked after them while we
were gone hey you're so lucky you're so
lucky
Oh ha ha belly rub was wrong haven't
even started
I finished my smoothie I haven't even
started eating my video for Monday I
just sit up Friday's video and I also
set up today's video earlier so yeah
nominate hit Monday's video and I have
planned that because I haven't done a
favorites video in a couple months but
I'm gonna do the same thing as last year
I'm gonna do my 2015 favorites and I'm
gonna do it on maybe like the first week
of January or something I'm gonna do the
whole week like Monday Wednesday Friday
I'm gonna do my drugstore favorites on
one day my high-end favorites on one day
and then I'm gonna do like an ex cetera
kind of like miscellaneous like skincare
body care like maybe jewelry technology
TV shows movies and just like hits the
fun stuff like that like food it's gonna
do three videos because last year you
guys really really liked them it was a
little bit easier because I always have
so many favorites and it's like nice to
split them up so people can find what
they're looking for and I've got so many
new like drugstore favorites high-end
fair
it's everything so I'm really excited to
do that so I don't know if I'll be able
to film any of that tomorrow I might try
otherwise I'll do it next week and then
get all that prepared if I need to film
some stuff while I'm at Castle Point
over New Year's so time to eat it for
real this time
I don't know any dogs that have more
sport they're my dogs like at all look
at this on the couch with his blanket
his toys sitting on a fluffy pillow yes
you're so lucky I just played with you
and now you're gonna get angry is that
how it is
he's like throw it some more geez that
chicken almost has longer legs than you
Louie are you ready for a little sneak
peek of my new leash boxes they're not
right yet the pink is wrong like I'm
still altering them a little bit but
I'll show you a quick flash you ready
mmm they're so shiny a metallic silver
so shiny it's got the new logo on it as
well which I can't wait to show you who
I've liked Dean as you guys know working
so hard on my line with your new logos
working on new tech Jing and other fun
stuff that I'm going to announce very
soon I cannot wait to share it with you
it'll be very early next year you'll
find out a lot more about everything
also by the time you watch this we're
doing 12 days of Christmas on Expo
beauty all right in the downbar video
we're doing my hips that discount some
eights opt for Christmas this year like
what we did last year went so our last
year you guys loved it so I wanted to do
it again this year for you Hamish went
to countdown and she's got out some deli
salads for lunch so there's this
broccoli and Creamery one which this
year and the inside cream potato and
then the Thai cream right and carrot I
think it's called I'm gonna trade this
money but it looks really good and I've
decided for Monday I'm gonna do it my
way I sell lip swatches I haven't filmed
the chichi lip swatches yet but I am
gonna be doing that because so many of
you guys wanted to see it in my heg haul
video just in case you guys have missed
any of my main channel videos I did put
up my nighttime routine
whitefox boutique haul my chichi haul
which I was just talking about so I'm
gonna do those lip swatches I'm gonna
film that either tomorrow or next week
for you and then I'll put it up ASAP so
yeah I don't know I always just like ask
you guys if you wanna see videos it's
like one of my weaknesses and then I'll
kind of like forget for a while and then
I'm kind of like is it too late to do it
now so I just want to get it done soon
and they
this one just went up just now is a soap
she make it for the holidays it's like a
frosty super highlighted look with a
really nice frosty in a corner I'll show
you it hey everyone I love it video with
Maybelline New York to bring hey it's
5:32 and I just finished editing my
daily vlogs and now I'm going to show
you what I got in the mail so excited to
really have a look and see and then
tonight Hamish and I and his mum and
stepdad I going to go Christmas lights
and also oh that's bright also go out
for dinner as well it our favorite Nero
I think we're going so I'm gonna open up
this mail quickly and then I'm going to
put on some makeup and get all pretty
and I need to get changed cuz I'm
wearing like pajamas right now so it's
probably not appropriate in a film
tomorrow I'm really excited it was since
I like told you guys about that idea
about my favourites about my favourites
I'm so excited to like go through my
makeup collection and like find some
stuff to show you
I bet you guys be able to like get most
of the stuff on my favorites list of
this year because obviously I've been
using the same stuff for a really long
time like there's like those certain
products that I've just like keep going
bitch so those all the ones I'm gonna be
talking about in the video and I also
need a film an empties video I've got so
many empties again I've got a whole
coming I'm gonna film that whole well
maybe not tomorrow see how I go it might
come that next week we'll just we'll see
I'll just like anyway mail time I'm
gonna open everything and then to show
you what's inside because there's a lot
have a look some of it's that stuff from
my last week but yeah I need to figure
all this out I'm gonna just unwrap it
and then show you shut up I'm also gonna
open these quick what date is it it is
the 9th of December mmm I don't even
know where I got up to 3 my gosh
lame
five wait what
someone took my number five six where is
there yay popping candy when you're a
little did you used to like eat the
chocolate and then like our like the so
your parents wouldn't know but then
really oh just ripping us off off cuz
the next day you'd have like none left
chuckle it ate oh my gosh I've done this
in ages this is making me realize how
long I've been away from home
it's another popping candy and then nine
with nine another one holiday if you got
a dollar from rubbing a net covered you
need some candy just call me up not you
though you'll die benefit sent me this
like sayings if hit kill him dead
he needs a fireplace your roaring hot
Nancy Shannon and then it's signed by
the benefit New Zealand team who I love
they're all such amazing jokes I love
them so much every time we like do
events and stuff and hang out they're
just the nicest people I got the unique
mineral touch pressed powder foundation
to review for you guys and then the
other item I ordered which wasn't the
foundation some of you guys already know
this because you're in the same Facebook
group as me but I ordered the foundation
that's like going viral at the moment
I'm the unique look good one because I'm
gonna do a first impression to see if
it's actually as good as everyone makes
it out to be because I've only ever seen
the representatives review it so I
wanted to do one for myself and I buy I
bought it myself it's not sponsored
wasn't seen or anything so I'm doing
that be it hasn't arrived yet storm back
water which is so annoying
but when it comes in I will do the video
next up I've got the fall i shadow
collection from anastasia beverly hills
so it's how much they cost there i love
love love in a saucy bubbly hose I chose
they're phenomenal so yeah I get to put
them in a Z palette or something I think
I've got a spare one somewhere and then
they also sent me this lustrous lipgloss
suit which is really really pretty it's
got a bunch of different shades also
received Havana nights by kathleenlights
it looks like a really nice deep kind of
like terra cotta Riddick kind of color I
got
something from at crawlers co dot insid
which by the way this box smells amazing
it candles please be candles and healthy
candles Haitian ohm we're so glad that
you love our candles so I wanted to you
another flavor and another your favorite
for a top-up and I bring you packaging
and congrats on all your success this
year we hope you have a great Christmas
in you yet here's a little code so that
your lovely followers can get 20% off
our key noseless Christmas thank you
guys so much
oh my goodness I love the packaging my
auntie would love this so this is st.
sweet vanilla orange this but I can
smell it so strong like really good
strong not like bear strong and here's
my favorite one the white chocolate
macadamia oh my goodness
you guys have no idea how amazing these
smell and the packaging is okay this
comes out to SEMA xi by Coastal Scents I
think it's like a dupe for the Urban
Decay 1x it goes way more colors as well
here's something you to try from benefit
oh my gosh I saw this on Stacy's um
Instagram it's a tinted primer
Tim's defines and Prime's your lashes is
available 29th of it January for Felicia
boys this is from Lovington Lovington is
sole source weight dition and i hope you
and your family were very happy and safe
Christmas and New Year thank you so much
for your incredible support this year I
cannot wait to share what's ahead for
2016 to you lots of love and best wishes
the new year Joe in the loving tan team
hell yeah YUM
oh my goodness I'm dying all the some
mowett which every time I say 10 video I
say my way because I thought sit this is
it I thought that was how you pronounced
it but Ashley pronounced mowett I know
hips we already know that there you go
YUM thank you guys so much
what's in here look Chloe answers please
did you get something did you get
something
oh you got one too look what's in there
I am dying yeah
oh my goodness lo he is soaking can I
put these on you
you got Christmas outfit have you oh
baby don't you like it yeah we'll just
leave you on the Cape shall we so
handsome
yeah out of the way Louie so you give me
they hate the heads oh I'm dying this is
super super heavy
I got this off once it like I bought
this off one set these are a bunch of
it's the brand Alex
in Corbin they're like chopping or not
chopping boards sorry like display
boards for Chivas and staff I just
thought that was so pretty even for like
taking photos on even if like EXO Beauty
it'll be such a cool little background
for like the new EXO beauty products or
something I don't know we'll see
so I got three to hit second ones and
it's circular I also got something from
trilogy
this is the age proof active enzyme
cleansing cream with fruit enzymes
however esters and vitamin E and one
more 1 set 1 for hamish mostly I kind of
remember oh that's right I got this
really really really cute little like
fuzzies look how cute these bars is that
even for brush holders that'd be really
cute this one might be too deep though
and then this little like case as well
I'm gonna put rings in and now I've got
the crap-ton of recycling to do you know
keep a secret one around town unit
around
soon as my makeup I just meet quite
natural but super super super bronzed
just to make sure my fake turn hello
skin pink lips so not to off my hair
though and I don't know what to wear all
right I'm wearing this dress which I
think I bought off white folks boutique
maybe a while ago and then this thing
like here it was saying like this Jersey
hair is from to pray a little bit
bloated from like all the junk food this
weekend but yeah it was for my hair in a
bun its necklaces for me and yet Navy
I'm white Daniel Wellington watch and I
would just buy some boats I think hello
it's my fav you're Hamish his parents
meeting I'll see you soon
I got to preach oh it's so good and it's
making a squeaking noise every time
we're at my favorite meal ever
we're at hey muscies mum's house if you
guys have been watching me for a few
years you might remember that video I
did on my main channel I'll link it down
below where she like deep down your
house way more than this is that the
thing you put coins into I like these
ones this is like super cute yeah that's
cold it's like an easy trigger just pull
out that she weighs doesn't so well back
in the day though I'll put a link down
below it was like hard out snow I mean
is given up when you store all this
stuff it's not Christmas dog okay Oh
bobak I just made an app but said it's
just a bass you tuned it upside down and
I put in that little thing and input
seed light so now did you do that yeah
like this one over here is there and you
just put seed lights and that you see
and if you get it going up into this no
it looks good anyway how you hit it yeah
that's quite cool I like this one does
he still work underneath the other day
just ball guys this is my favorite
have you been to the center amazing
Australia yeah hey man oh you'd love it
how did you find out about know like the
rock okay look out there look at ya and
the reed broke across the air to the
tree I love it be so happy the trees got
fairy lights yeah oh it's so trippy
that's so cool
how do people think of making nature so
you can see it better it is better
you'll be able to see your house from
like a plane above is so cool looks like
it's folding in itself that trailers
windows trippy
let's face up
the snowman is driving but I love these
reindeers it moves them like just having
a house story and everyone's just
walking oh my gosh so cool house goal
Hamish when I have kids one day I'm
gonna make Hamish let us do this not
this extreme now as I give them
oh they're tell you but my game oh my
gosh look
I loved him
can we just get one of them for the
front one I know imagine taking it down
so we just got done looking at the
Christmas lights we looked at like a few
more in fielding and Hollies and stuff
but they were all really really bad or
like not even turned on properly 11:30
so I'm just going to say good night now
we're just going home and going straight
to bed hope you guys enjoy today's luck
and I'll talk to you bye
