everyone it's 10:30 on Sunday morning
today we've got Chloe's birthday party
thing sorry I didn't take it like last I
always kind of like sick and tired like
we got back from most fireworks that I
showed you in which straight to bed so
nothing you didn't miss out on nothing
anyway anything nothing didn't miss out
of nothing so yeah today I guess we're
just gonna have to get ready me and I'm
just gonna break this somewhere can they
go to Chloe's yeah I don't know what I'm
gonna wait yeah I'm not wearing this I
might with black or something yeah those
the plans I don't know what we're doing
afterwards I don't know how long it goes
for I'm starting to feel better on my
sinuses like your hair but now it's like
Roesel through art so I feel like I'm
slowly getting better but it's still
hey everyone so I just finished getting
ready it's like 1:30 that took so long I
took my time doing my makeup today I'm
wearing the soulmate lashes this is that
so for eye color again and there's my
makeups the exact same I'm just wearing
like a different combination of the a
breezy palette Hamish wants to take
photos with me
doing this some guys who come by
yeah dead chat that Faris straight over
the toilet are we going out with you
tomorrow what are we doing I don't know
obviously image paramount need a haircut
Shannon was like yeah you do
it's not terrible is that so that's
slowly according for make everyone here
you make what is my outfit of the day
I'm wearing what floats between my shoes
are from baby what are you doing this
startled expose sorry visit doesn't just
look to the menu I just here's a chart
damn cellie damn cell each our kitchen
Phipps and to mitching heads thank you
good day my god what is that
so they got a Bellini shot main pitch
right close but they have inflow - yeah
we were just talking to her but I forgot
I got a pina colada
someone
sorry they were make spinner that's like
burgers and chips
a little way would love this amazing
description it's true hey Bubba sir
you know
we need a photo to give it they got food
come and follow me here you spread it on
bitch I always bring their
a change and now
next yes Delia Thomas coming to
bismillah
my dream world is gonna be easier hold
out for an enemy so much fun
her eyes are wide so close I'm Jamie
hurry
I wish made me avvocato and braid coz
there's nothing I open for delivery this
is like ultra my first world problems
right now I really wanted pizza and
there's no salt and pepper either so
they every color just tastes like lime
everyone so it is Monday I'm so I'm
losing track of time it's Monday morning
so last night we just went home went to
sleep basically tried to order some food
but nothing was happening cuz it was
like Sunday night so today we're gonna
go head over to Bondi and go shopping
again just look around I'm not gonna buy
anything but I just don't want to waste
the day and then tomorrow we head home
so this is my makeup and then my outfits
really weird cuz I just had like a
mishmash of like random items of
clothing lived my undereyes areas really
cakey today because my brushes are
really dirty wearing this top from
whitefox they short to be from like show
pole or something and then just came out
shoes Hamish is uber sunbirds talk about
hay which is like you can't you can't
get some nerds you know this is the best
representation there don't touch it
I used to know you're saying that you
don't get something in Australia so it
doesn't have a year and you're gonna
mean ten though
have you decided on so far one good
can't have too many Sally are you in
heaven right now
we may or may not have commit to make
sprint on one more time before we go I
also went to England socially you later
when I got so many things and the girl I
ain't got knew who we were and she was
so nice so I got lots of stuff I
finished my palette and yes i dinged
that one in the middle at least doing
hers now having so much fun this is like
I'm in my prime right now it's nearly
got like two of this one so I gave one
to Tilly as well so we can be twins and
we also both got that one I think we
both got like one of these pit bulls or
something I don't know this Derby has a
few of the swatches those are with that
prime obviously so pretty I love that
blue I wanted to try out the blue I also
got three lipsticks this one here is
called 417 this one here is for 15 and
then this one is 410 I'll swatch them
because I know I don't care where they
look so similar but they're not so
that's all of them don't mind salient
I'm missing a peach this all for the
paper that's those three in the same
water as I read them out it's really
pretty
Oh in this one posed to us so birdie
those two there I find like it hard to
find a really nice silver I don't know
and also this one's really pretty it's
kind of like it's silver as well miss
Ellie's when she if DUP she got one too
short
well what having to she does horizontal
lines and I do vertical lines write down
in the comments if you're a horizontal
person with your pellets or vertical
because I look at my time like yet it
makes sense to me but you probably look
at mine didn't think that doesn't make
sense at all you not I mean
guys I'm like mid make up list at the
moment I'm just taking my makeup right
now we're off to be it now we've just
had shown eye or some like documentary
stuff on YouTube this letting is not
flattering at all
tomorrow we triple harm we've got a
flight in the afternoon me and Hamish
arrived pick and you sell it at like
midnight not quite sure but they drive
home on up
tomorrow and join it on to the end of
this video sorry if this videos a little
bit long but I've ever been vlogging
heaps and heaps on this trip just
because they've just been spending time
with friends as you guys know just watch
the highlights kind of thing talk to you
tomorrow
my guys we're flying home today we just
came to breakfast we're at my home for
the factor node then we're gonna go to
make up the eggs ever cotta and hash
browns look at Sully's method every
first I feel bad like give me at least
to it Ava's got a big breakfast we're at
makeup store are you excited for makeup
store Sally this is like the only thing
that and have meat that I could find I'm
also gonna get some salad after cuz I'm
really hungry
this is like a suspension fitter roll
thing hamish got the sushi you'll never
guess how much cost for them $17 didn't
take astray llion dollars so there's
like $20 New Zealand for like 8 pieces
of sushi a ridiculous hey guys I fell
asleep last night my camera died fell
asleep we were doing was like traveling
and stuff anyway yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog anyway I'll talk to
you tomorrow / I'm talking to you Vinnie
sorry if you can't tell I'm so tired
kind of sit
