hey everyone so this morning I did not
go to the gym because I am freaking
taller and exhausted so I took it off
this thing is the bane of my existence
right now so I don't want to fake ten I
had that bath yesterday and scrubbed off
my fake tan so I'm gonna put on some new
tan and then I'm going to peck today
because we leave early tomorrow morning
and then I've got it a little bit of
work this afternoon and hopefully I mean
in my nails done today as well because
they're really long and just they need
to be done and then I'll be able to go
into town and get some more Christmas
decorations tonight as well yeah that's
the plan so I'm gonna fake 10 and do my
hair and I'll see you guys in a bit I
think I'm gonna just make up today as
well so I've been talk to you guys in a
while it's almost 11:00 some reasons I'm
just feeling really sad I don't know why
it's just one of those Wed days where
I'm just like not feeling like myself
and I like I've started packing and I
just keep procrastinating and like pet
hates Anita start like this is for like
four days what am i doing like I don't
even I need to go get my smaller
suitcase this is just stupid just an
hour I don't know I'm gonna go put on
some makeup now I think that might help
me cheer up a bit
all right so my makeup is on I'm just
gonna go out and run some errands and
I'll be back soon I need to go do some
stuff just off-camera and I also need to
check my PO Box and stuff so I'm gonna
do that still feel weird I feel a bit
bit out but I still feel weird I don't
know why like it's just the weirdest
feeling and I'm just like I don't know
if it's like just nerves of like so much
traveling and stuff coming up like I
don't know like it's just not nice
though but okay yeah I'm trying to do
some stuff hey guys so it's just hit
2:00 p.m. I actually took a thought on
one of those sisters the label like
place so thingy not place is actually a
two-piece dress and the photos came out
really pretty so I'm really happy with
that some other earrings check my pair
of ox as you can see there's tons of
stuff and a Louie into Zeus no you're
not going to treat the others who's the
male this or open some of that later if
I get a chance right now I've got to go
edit yesterday's vlog I'm so happy I'm
so hungry hey puppies
all right off to get my nails done it's
five o'clock seeding in there now so
here's my before they are so long they
definitely need to be a bit shorter
we're starting to get a little bit
creepy here's the after still long but
not like uncontrollably long and we've
decided to call this color like
champagne goldish because it's like
silvery gold but not silver but not gold
but they're really pretty
alright of hidden outfit change my
finger is bleeding luckily I already
took my nail selfie of all these and
there's some pink ones down here big
delivery's gonna peel yeah look at this
one somebody down there look at that one
okay look you can buy them too I reach
from the tree look at the baby one where
it won't be savvy for dinner tonight
you don't want to cook it's always I
want to film you putting it in your
mouth go
come on let's count my diets yeah so my
good buddy it's not I am second a moment
which is not ask you something yeah I'm
just here because I want to be here but
it's like I wanted to go out for dinner
I tell you what pretty good okay you
can't just like a stretch 24/7 anyway
because then you just like burst and
binge like you need a heavily cheap
Miller again when we go away
yes like this weekend is gonna be
difficult go somewhere I want to go to
that I'm Italian place again they're
moving to last time that was how a
motive that armor the grand place
remains her last night
I some Bondi yeah yeah but I want to go
to the Italian place too nice well this
is a long epic ADO's sushi to y'all this
is so big look at that does anyone else
push ton of wasabi on their sushi
like look at that it was most of it I
toss paste right it was the best alright
so again this is our Christmas tree is
that right now and I'm gonna add all the
new ones and Lily hasn't Simlish any of
them I'm so proud of you
hey little bug you're being so cute
lately he's been pretty loving lately
which is old hey here it is what do you
think hey mesh honest yeah I'm so pretty
I really like where is he
it's a Rudolph and reindeer and my
favorite is this one from famous super
glittery I also really like these ones
from farmers what else oh there's one
yeah this one's pretty good job gels in
it
Belle's in it this one changes color
there's another one of the glittery ones
so pretty and that one changes color -
it's a little gingerbread house I love
it what are you doing a little naughty
beer yeah looking out the window is
always yay but we probably won't put any
presents underneath because Louie
answers will rip them up but still I
love it there's one kind of sticks out
really weird these ones are quite cool
as well they've got like confetti on
them anyways I'm gonna say goodnight now
quite late it must be like yeah it's
half-past nine so we're gonna go click
who kill her and behead watch them May
and Chelsea and then wake up to my money
and hit two Wellington so I'll vlog
tomorrow but obviously I'm on a flight
so I don't know how much will vlog in
the morning but we arrive around
lunchtime I think in Sydney so I'm sure
we'll get up to something fun in the
afternoon so yeah I'll talk to you thing
I think I am
going to Wellington and they were flying
out the Wellington to go to Sydney
so we're Jaime still we're just going to
the bank to get out some money we
haven't had time to do it this week I
don't know if you can tell about but
second Myositis is a real leg up in here
my ears are all blocked hopefully it
passes fast I've got some cold with my
tablet's I'm about to take a flat leaves
and about our flight closes like chicken
closes at 2:15 it's currently 9:30 it
takes a couple hours to get out there
but we just want to leave early in case
of any traffic or excellence or anything
like that
hey guys saw everyone out in Wellington
Wellington Airport I'm selling time out
here but me and him is just doing some
stuff to eat who's finished driving will
be a slave chicken everything else is
wait with mr. Burley we've got like an
hour and a bit of everything shot like
so chicken closes I got a veggie Kishin
thank you enjoy your Friday night
haven't even fit a week in the head and
we look forward to seeing you the next
time you fly with us hey guys I just had
a quick shower and we've arrived at our
hotel slash it's like an apartment so
basically my nose was like really dry
basically a little room the basically
given us to sing weeds so they're gonna
have to come fix that for us so I can
sleep with my boyfriend this is our room
just go ahead nice balcony out here and
then mirrors and stuff I just had a
quick shower and got change cuz I felt
really sweaty and gross and then and
here we have a bathroom and then we also
have like a big huge kitchen dining
table upstairs and then just her it's
like a balcony and like a lounge area
the TV and everything so yeah we're here
with Tom and Sally so they're upstairs
I've got a picture in Sinhala showers
with the king bed in it not a great view
but the actual will look like it rooms
the Sinai so we're real happy with this
and it's not - you're far away from town
as well as
like uh open a toilet X or something so
yeah now we're just gonna go out to get
some quick food I don't know what we'll
do tonight you can't see me from behind
I'm gonna put on my shoes yet so yeah
there's the plan is it possible to get
this run before without bacon yeah yeah
can I get that without bacon can you add
like artichoke to it or something yes
yeah I hope that please finish any later
and also are we doing started yeah can I
get that prosciutto to start as well
thank you Rasheeda hurry up the pasta
hamish got chicken punch on and fries
when I got a gigantic friggin Greek but
telling me got the same thing
good morning guys so I forgot to say
goodbye last night because I felt so
sick I got like this really really bad
like stomach pain last night so I like
went to be aged but holy I thought
I was like a dying like not really dying
but I was like am i after gonna am
I going to have to go away to the
hospital or something like I did not
feel good and my whole face was like
like aching and stinging for about all
my sinuses and stuff I feel a bit better
this morning I'm still viously about 115
but I'll be able to go out and do some
stuff today I think we gotta go shopping
and stuff but last night was awful like
I slept from about 9:00 until 10:00 and
then I was awake from 18 to like half
past while just like crying your face is
so sore in my stomach
I took some pills this way and then I
felt sick again like cotton flow tablets
so I'm just sitting here like a cheese
bun I'm not sure if Sally and Tom are
awake yet me and Hamish got up in here
shower and we'll just chill out and wait
for them to get up and we'll have some
breakfast here and then head out we're
just gonna go to a mall or something I
think Sally wants to go to like a
Westfield or something not quite sure
what kind of shoppings in Sydney because
when we came last time we didn't really
go shopping or anything I know there's
that Monday which was really cool though
yeah
really and then you loser
you combine me all the things yeah you
can have Tweety forty hey guys so I just
took my makeup still filling average but
I'm not gonna just sit in my hotel room
I'm going to venture out and do stuff
I'm gonna go shopping I really want to
take Sally to mix Brenda's because she
loves chocolate and I'm like you need to
go to me it's pretty it's like my
favorite place I'm not even a massive
chocolate fan as you guys might know but
my experience is so good so I go every
time I come to Australia just look
colored it's by Sephora it so um met
luster liquid lipstick and it's the
pinky one I can't remember the name off
the top of my head I mean I'm just
wearing the amrezy palette by Anastasia
Beverly Hills and the makeup revolution
in a corner nice shaky foundation
Charlotte Tilbury contour highlight duo
and then the blush is peach pop by
Clinique
and then my outfit I'm just wearing
these shorts I got ages ago I kind of
remember where they're from like the
white fox vehicle something like that
and then this crop top from Sur prey and
then from shoes I don't really know if
I'm gonna wear my wedges or boats or
flats I can't decide yet these
sunglasses a white fox boutique when it
closes a prison for my dad and then my
watch is Daniel Wellington it's like the
Navy in pink one I've hit this one for a
while hey guys so man now in his head am
i hitting Turner what about
yeah history mole which is good to be
like a good shopping here yet we're just
gonna hang out there for a while now you
know what we're gonna just afternoon but
today I think we're gonna go since no
place me and Hamish went last time they
like pasta place it's a real good spot
to watch the fireworks and they've got
really really good cocktails as well so
it should be good oh yeah we got sangria
last time and then you get these two
massive straw it's like metre long
straws it's real good secret or Hamish
has already been into one shop and look
at that size of that bad news show it
Zara is a very good shot for Geisler I
mean we just welcome round like at all
comers
Sully's already a giant I got some stuff
from Bryce playing so I've stopped much
well that was a good shot we've stopped
for lunch and I got where is this place
it's hard to Baba Middle Eastern Street
food and we got me and Hamish got these
to share with everyone they're like
really good yeah that what are they for
left food to this with dignity
it's like hummus see stuff in there
oh that's younger and then I got a
benzyl tomato and cheese bagel cool and
we're going to make Marino's later and
so in further make sprinter chocolate
bar we got our fondue she's gay
milkshake sorry
nailed it me and Sally we using the
strawberries as spoons to get all the
last chocolate have it what's this
so this is the girls vodka and I'm just
doing about this Smirnoff
apple and it's got what is it Golf Links
oh yeah
exception Oh get your camera no crazy do
a shot a deer you don't shot of it we
sure do it was like fish food
it looks like floaties like I wanted a
spear and they drank water and they like
how is it wrong no why did you feel the
flakes when you spot it now of course
you can't eat any do you like how do you
explain it I think hey guys so we are
heading out to today we're going I think
to the same places last week if we can
get in we like try to make a reservation
though we're really really busy
so we just got a trial luck otherwise
we'll find somewhere else I touched on
my makeup Kyle look cakey but Yolo
wearing this clutch and then this white
crop top and then the skirt I can't be
where I got the skirt frog
so the place where they're going to go
to is completely booked out so we're at
Olive own restaurant and I am going to
get hotter in sage and then I'm just
picking a chicken burger with no chicken
just so just like a salad burger and
fries
because I don't know I don't want pastor
again I had that yesterday I got a 6 on
the beach and Hamish and time I got a
light she and passion fruit 14 things
that I remember what it was called what
was your score there's something kiss
sloppy kiss sloppy kiss and snakes on
the beach yeah McNally freeze I'm so
heavy about it that is my salad bigger
good lots of young fries as well these
are so unbelievably good yeah you can
try
you
