hey everyone it is just a millisecond
and I just got back from the gym I only
went for 45 minutes because my pants
split when I was doing squats which
fantastic I was like I could have
get out of here right now
I understand come this way he's not
feeling well he's staying here but I've
like swollen throat and stuff to go to
chill last night hopefully he feels
better for Sydney this weekend
fingers crossed so today I'm gonna get
it I've got a lot of editing should I
clean my room if I get time but I don't
know if I will because I've got so many
videos I keep saying this but you guys
have no idea there's Laura
they literally probably like eight to
ten videos like to get visited I suppose
there's no massive rush but still it
just stresses me out knowing this so
much work to be done
Hamish made me dressed this morning he
made me lemon juice and green juice so
I'll have that for breakfast I'm gonna
have a shower cuz I'm super sweaty gonna
open my evening : just first alright so
where is number two moisturize total
moisture look how cute how I keep like
bending my nails this so freaking long
I'm getting them redone soon but I don't
know if you guys can see how freaking
along these are their way to I keep like
bending my fingers
those are my real nails too anyway well
it's a strawberry one I'm Aneta my one
from yesterday yet just right put all of
my um candies and stuff that people see
of me and my Fritos now cuz otherwise
the dogs will get them and then they
will die I got one package as well so
we'll open it up I even no idea what it
is that's huge look they're like a bunch
of framed print it's so random here we
go they're from it's simply creative
doctoring dude thank you so much
got my lemon juice I just tried to pull
this little my face and it didn't work
and now I'm gonna have a big ugly scar
and then Hamish made me green juice oh
my god I'm so Dom how did I even do that
I was looking through the cameras if
they actually look at what I was doing
young McPherson it's got really bad off
two ties it's got another package
Shanon Harris look at that pretty
wrapping paper
oh man I'm ribbon meri cursors from
Kevin Miffy - thank you so much for your
support this year we so appreciate
everything you do here's the special
Christmas gift to say things thank you
so much what's this it's such a cute
little gift it it smells really good -
it's only live in a clock but I'm
stopping so I'm gonna hit the rest of my
salad that I didn't eat yesterday no
you're not having it's mine so I should
too videos this morning it's 12:30 and
I'm gonna edit my vlog from yesterday
and I'm gonna have a long hot bath
because my body is so sore from like the
gem and stone me know so much like
weight training and my buddies just like
baking this is the most pathetic video
ever seen in my life
what the hell what's happening we're
going for a walk
are we going through all these Tuesday
yeah I don't know what time there might
be like
Louie let me come here hey Lou
come here Oh
come on
we should get him a little peddling pull
at home we're gonna standard it in
summer when he's hot I have a package
from Makeup Coto ins it just might just
you need this gift to say thank you for
your kindness and support make up dog
cotton seed over the years clear on
Adrienne thank you oh my goodness
they sent me something Pandora Lent
she's so caramel chocolate YUM oh my
goodness
I've actually kind of been may need to
get a Pandora bracelet look how pretty
it is how the Pandora Club now look how
cute the charms I'll hold on those the
charms so pretty thank you so much you
guys you didn't have to do that at all
right it is quarter past or crap oh the
day's gotten along um so I'm gonna go
have a bath now isn't a king and so solo
especially after that walk were going up
and down the hills Meili it's like my
inner thighs are killing I never lash
bath I'm gonna headline in wild I'm
gonna use these and also this battle I
have no idea which one it is it's got no
label a flower on it though I'm just
going to little concoction yeah this
floaty is coming out of it whoa it's
like a Christmas bath bomb if anyone
knows which one that says feel free to
comment it down below in case anyone's
interested in it it smells really good
play real sweet so I had a bath a really
long one I scrubbed off most of my fake
tan as well yay so I can start fresh
again for this weekend which is by the
way I keep feeling to say because some
of you may not have seen that other blog
that Chloe muroids birthday and she's
got like a birthday I burnt or something
I kind of remember what it is that on
Sunday I think it is but anyway made
Thomas Ellie and Hamish you're going
over to Sydney for a long weekend away
so if I'm not vlogging or if I'm not
uploading sorry you guys know why and I
will be vlogging I'll just upload them
when I get back to
a lot easier doing it that way because
then I don't have to worry about like
drinking my computer along and
everything cuz I don't think we're gonna
really pick too much anyways I need to
pack tomorrow just making sure that all
my work is up to date and everything
massive pimple is like turning into a
freaking demon on my face right now
anyway this is like a poor thing I
thought I'd put it on because I had a
really hot steamy bath so well they
crack on my face I like to squeeze my
nose which is like like warmed out it
was so gross but this isn't really like
a portrait that you rip off it's more of
one that kind of like gets everything
out they use like um like a q-tip cotton
bud you just like push it across you
know isn't it all just like good it's
really weird I'm not gonna show you on
camera cuz that's probably too far so
I'm sorry if I'm plugged in a while I
temporarily misplaced my camera but I
found it now so tonight I'm gonna put
the Christmas tree and we're gonna put
it in this pony here cuz there's a
window out to the street just there so
you'll be able to see the lights and
then yeah it's just a good spot so in
the corner of the room so they clear up
all of Italy stuff I don't know where
I'm gonna put it oh hey hi get in the
tree so I run this corn somewhere so
much junk in here where is it
there's the green one so that's behind
the green one no there it is up there
look it's not a tree that's the one
I want
you chose last time that one's too big
here's the first stage of the tree got
these cute little like alerts I can't
remove it from I think I might be
farmers I mean my little tree top I've
got some tint too and now I'm just
trying to figure out if we've got more
lights because I want it to be more lit
up there's a trace tough guy
we didn't get a green tree this year
someone's salty about it that's right
you things shafted with this thing do
you know my pet peeve it is at Christmas
when you get a decoration and the
strings not on it
or it falls out and then you're just to
read through that so this is our path
Christmasy Roscoe say Christmas
extensions what Christmas decorations
this is it so far I need to get pink and
purple decorations
for there yeah yeah this taupe is this
one and there's another one somewhere
there's definitely another one there's a
bigger one maybe it's um one of them
what day is it today Wednesday I'm just
so confused as to where I'm up to with
me
it is Hyuna really I think I'm up to
date now I said now I'm not gonna be
uploading this weekend cuz I'm not gonna
be I'm gonna be in Sydney oh I'm so
sorry like my vlogs are just gonna be
completely jumbled until like the
beginning of January we'll just after
the big a huge January once they get
back from Castle Point all my lungs are
like all over the place I'll try to
catch up where I can but I'm still daily
vlogging as you guys know I just upload
them and mists of chunks not massive
chunks but little chunks until I catch
up again I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog I'm excited to get some new
decorations tomorrow will flog it I need
to get some pink ones and purple ones I
really like how the tree looks so far
but yeah I'm excited for this weekend
but I'll talk to you guys really soon
I'll still be updating on my social
media and stuff like Facebook and
Twitter and Instagram and everything so
make sure you follow me if you want to
keep to keep up to date I'll wait to
catch up with like Chloe and I know a
bunch of other people that are know
gonna be there as well so that I know
and you guys will know as well but
you'll see I'll vlog a little bit here
and there but I'm not gonna keep set the
actual like Chloe's actual patty then
might be might be a bit awkward it's not
a youtuber be you know kind of personal
so I'll still blog I'll talk to you guys
really soon I
