just
this
wait
so we just got to while I'm feeling good
morning by the way
we're gonna find a park so basically
today I'm getting a new trace so last
time we came it was like right after my
Nana passed away so we didn't vlog
basically I lost one of my trays and I
needed a little like revision so the
trays weren't fitting properly so
basically they scanned my mouth and I'll
put in some footage now of that so if I
put this
so it's just this really cool little
like computerized tool I don't know it's
so much easier than the molds that they
use have to do so now they just do that
so today I'm just getting my new trace
and then I continue so I've been wearing
this tray for a couple months now or
like a few weeks I caramel on this beam
just waiting for the new ones to get
made so I'm really excited by the way
when I say trays I mean a Linus it's the
purple wood
Ilana's uh-huh also there's no Park yeah
he's like no well we can try for elope
because with 20 minutes a lay can't go
that way
it's not full a good thing yeah get this
a little bit more lined it is that
you're happy but we're just gonna get
that bit more right what I'd like to do
is to see how like in terms of the bite
the back yeah yeah maybe you said
something that they lost yeah so we're
trying to get you biting a little bit
better so I'm gonna be using some
elastics for that as well okay okay so
you'll be wearing them around there just
to try to close it up a little bit more
I guess um what I also wanted to show
you those artistic s'right that was
sitting behind just need a little bit
more okay especially on the right hand
side so that's open to B or T to it and
that's pretty much it
assuming I've passed everything yeah
yeah any problem as the dogs been
working out barely with me when I get up
to study at like 5:30 and now every
morning they're waking us up at 5:30
expecting to be fed so yeah put me in
the bed of it what's a particular thing
for one of those okay the technical name
for it it's called an opto guard
smell Baker sense yeah sounds fun yeah
that the fingerless for me and relax you
around no thank you
pitbull I feel your own jinking or just
in awe by oh my gosh is it just like
close up yeah okay
and then I'll just hit the button sister
so what's a wax for okay so if it's
rubbing against your cheeks you can just
pinch a little bit of Wax okay I'm just
sort of stuffing it around with be
wonderful I'm good yeah so it doesn't
rub against your cheek so much I guess
right at least yeah perfect okay from
the inside to the fantastic
how many balance x-men so I'm back into
the elastics to help shut my job I don't
know if you saw on the computer screen
like my bite doesn't shut properly so
the elastics are there look I've already
got a lisp already I just had that smile
maker thing in my mouth for like half an
hour and like it's quite sore but it's
done now and I got the elastics on first
go like obviously I'm still used to it
because I had them like for the
beginning of my Invisalign so she said
I've got 20 more line is which you've
won a liner on for two weeks so
hopefully there'd be it and it'll be all
worth it thing was my teeth it's like
mine are taking a really long time so so
much worse than like so maybe but like
show your teeth 20 minute bed but Macy's
were way more like way worse than what
they visibly looked because my bite was
a really funny shape it was like a weird
little wait it wasn't like a perfect I
don't know if that makes any sense to
you guys
and also my teeth are all like twisted
so a lot of the beginning of my
Invisalign actual now I was just
untwisting my teeth and now it's like
working on these crooked ones so like a
lot of people with crooked teeth
probably wouldn't need him to fly as
long as me because they would just have
their teeth pushed back into place and
that'd be fine whereas for me it was
like a lot of like correctional work and
like the elastics and everything but we
getting there and it's all gonna be
worth it and
my teeth will be way more hygienic like
this one here it's like slowly starting
to moves the fact where I can actually
brush it properly which is a lifesaver
because like I could not brush in there
properly because of the angle and it was
just like food traps or really and
hygienic and obviously like could have
turned into terrible feelings and stuff
later on so yeah I'm pretty excited now
we're just looking into some way to eat
I'm hungry as I've been hit anything to
eat it's like a living am now I forgot
to film I had mushroom creamy pasta and
Hamish heads seafood marinara kind of
pasta I hate a little bit a pumpkin I
would ate all the mushrooms out it was
so good I definitely had enough pasta
for a few days we just got home as 5
o'clock how my legs and bum her from the
gym Easter day so bed I'm thinking about
it is hanger vlog quickly but I'm so
tired I don't know why it's the Sun like
it's so hot it's just putting me
straight to sleep we went to the mall
turned a little bit of shopping winter
H&M and lessons there wasn't that much
like everything I swear I liked was out
of my size which was so sad I have a
lisp right now salty
what are you doing there what are you
doing here
yes I can't think what you have to stay
there all night now hi he's in the fan
to let me middle I living the life of
luxury what are you doing guys these
were in my opinion everyone in food I
feel like I just hit my finger over the
microphone at the whole time I'm sorry I
love these
