good morning everyone minds are a little
bit shaky I just did a really good
workout I did some cardio on the cross
train and then I did an arm workout ab
worker and I did the Kittel ball squats
and I did lid press as well so today I'm
going to be filming a couple videos I've
got a clothing while I need to film I
think doing on Wednesday with white fox
fatigue one of my favorites as you guys
know if you watch this channel because I
buy stuff off the everyday I can and
then I'm also going to do like a makeup
trial I reckon and maybe even that's
Sephora haul and then Sephora stuff I
got last week I'm shaking so much as you
can see there's like heaps of packages
up there so I'll open some of them later
hopefully there will be some more stuff
I can like check in with my Sephora haul
make the video a little bit longer and
then this afternoon probably just get it
I guess we'll see I need to wash my hair
as well it's so itchy
Oh
all right taste just time it's a truth
it tastes really good put in too many
blueberries I didn't put in banana cause
I thought we had no bananas but we do
have banana this didn't realize but not
some blues mmm all right so I just had a
shower wash my hair put on a little bit
of fake tan and I'm studying last I'm
starting to film now I'm going to do a
blue winged eyeliner look and then I am
going to film my white pops to take hold
and in support Hall if I get time if the
lighting is still good it is 11:8 not a
living in 10 a.m. so I should have at
least about 4 hours of filming so I will
see how I go I'll update you soon and
we're going to open some Mayo see you
there later I'm so happy to be back at
home vlogging like I just am such a
homebody I love being at home I've got
so much stuff playing this month I'm
already stressing out about it all and
like it makes my vlogs all funky and
weird you guys seem to enjoy them still
so I'm happy about that but I don't know
I'm just such a like routine person I
just like to get home doing my thing at
home I hate like being away from home
for long and I always miss my dogs last
weekend was amazingly fat I know the
best time with my friends and then I'm
just already know I'm gonna have a lot
of fun the rest of this month with my
friends as well I just love this time of
year because everyone's got little bit
of time off and you know we get to just
hang out and it's just such a fun time I
just really enjoy it but thanks for
persevering with me I'm trying my best
a little bit stressed I am enjoying
vlogging so don't worry guys like I'm
not like just doing it except will let
you down or anything I am enjoying it
like I really I just really love doing
vlogs now so hopefully I can continue
doing at least if you don't dogs a few
vlogs a week my arm is so sore and he
just stopped going to the gym this is
bad for me
I'm just think I'm just gonna do my
makeup while my his damp and then I
might do my um hit admit this tutorial
as well because I feel like the makeup
tutorials gonna be very simple so we'll
see what happens
hey guys so I'm in cheap time with you
for a while my makeup looked amazing
about an hour
but I filmed obviously this makeup look
a film the makeup look then I filmed a
clothing trial on whole video holy
I sweated like a mofo I even thought
lipstick like up here okay how so I'm a
bit spitting gross my makeups kind of
like melting a little bit look at my air
horn blasting it's so hot today I don't
know why plus obviously like you guys
know how it is when you go shopping and
you're like in the changing rooms trying
on stuff like putting clothes on and off
holy crap it's like a workout so I've
managed to film those two I've decided
to not continue filming um like how it's
going to do that so for a haul I think
I'll do it tomorrow the next day the
next time I film just because I am too
hot in here and this room is like a
frigging oven so I'm just blasting my
aircon for an hour or two so that all my
makeup doesn't note check out my hair
extensions I did my hair and everything
I'm just gonna get it now I'm gonna eat
a video and then I'll come back and show
you some packages and stuff here's all
the stuff I tried on there's so much I'm
so excited to show you this video
hopefully everything looks good and
hopefully the footage comes out okay
because that was exhausting I don't
wanna have to redo it
hamish made me orange juice before I
went out this morning not literally
orange juice don't know orange isn't it
it's just orange no it's so good I think
it's because we had my spinach this
morning unless it was like the frozen
kind but I think it's just a carrot and
apple yeah I'm probably a bit sugary but
also full of nutrients it's a yellow I
don't think I've ever showed you guys
but oh by the way I can slowly on the
head of your wandering ways got pink on
his head but my dogs love ice is a tree
he thinks she's so lucky when he gets at
it so cute Hey oh what's that
there Naughty Dog's
the a who loves it nice and refreshing
as well and I trick you because it's got
no galleries in it hey this doesn't want
his he's like give me the meat mom okay
guys I am freakin exhausted it's just
gone seven o'clock and I just got back
from getting some subway I just got like
a veggie subway because I could not
people are cooking I'm so tired like I
really have enough sleep to catch up on
my sleep that I've missed over the long
waking up being away
I'm going to open up their mail tomorrow
um I'm so sorry I'm just like we're
gonna go watch a bit of five-o then go
to sleep and have another early night I
went to bed at like 8 o'clock last night
I forgot to tell you be out we're on our
second season if I go in so far it's
really good I'm really enjoying it so
thank you guys for telling us that it's
a good show like remember we like showed
this but as a while back and were like
ah it's actually Singlish I'd never
heard anything about it so many of you
guys did was good so yeah I agree
anyways I'm gonna go lie in bed now I
need to wash my face as well I already
peeled off like my eyelashes and
everything so I only got that one video
edited that whole video and my vlog from
yesterday I uploaded my first our house
wall which you would have seen already
if you haven't it's up and I why that
clothing whore took me like whole bowels
free in about 12 hours but like three
and a half hours that time I needed this
because I was doing like overlays and
stuff and there's just a lot of footage
to go through and match happen freaking
exhausting and then Hamish got home and
I was like haven't even needed my
tailors vlog yet and then we just rushed
out subway to get some food because I
could not wait I forgot to eat lunch
like I just had that juice which was
fine it like satisfied me for a bit and
keep me hydrated but then but then
obviously by the time like 6:30 rolled
around I was like home so hungry I put
on fake tan today and I was like being
related because I was filming that
clothing haul and I could not be able it
like showering I'm not showering but
having a bath and exfoliating my feet
tan officer I'll just put my feet turn
over the top
biggest mistake your birth I'm so petty
right now it's not even funny like the
back of my legs is disgusting like I'm
sort of rinse this off obviously but
just because like a put all that old
fake tan on it's like going real dark
and patches and then like the parts red
it really won't worn off like looks
normal
I'm using that trilogy makeup um by the
way my getting ready with me video it's
going up on Friday I think I've been
using this like face washing brush at
night I haven't showed you my nighttime
routine a wild in my shower at the
moment so she used it this morning
because my skin was real gunky and yuck
from I don't know probably all the
alcohol in bed food of been eating I
might use it tonight as well just
because my skin still feels a little bit
average enough just had piles of makeup
Oh Linette
this is a the vanity planet once this
isn't sponsored and it's the glam glow
face cleanser to mine Hamish most like
scrubber birth an n-terminal I mentioned
in my video which is sponsored about
their donating some money into tritium
stuff so off my choice
with my phone so if you do make a
purchase and they show you go check that
out as it's always keep an eye out for
it because I think it's awesome and then
I've been using this light layer just
been studying this I mean staying to try
the socks I read out of my room just
same talk I ran out of my rows of oil so
I'm trying this one out now
so this one is for natural pigmentation
so like whatever like acne scarring
stuff out and I I just lovers the
horrible owner as well I love her well
for my skin anyways just normal however
so I don't know if this is any better or
not but I'm trying that in you and all
that you know if I can notice any
difference between this one in the
regular kind what's wrong do we see
episode two yesterday yeah I think we
did one and two would I fall asleep I
can't remember you fell asleep during
the end of one of them do I know I think
you turned it off Ashley he looks like a
Pokemon when he faces this way did the
dude the dude of the dealer use quick
attack is easy what would his full
powers be quick attack would be one cuz
its fastest Oh screech yep screech
quick attack same screen that was always
like what a waste of a move no he
wouldn't be he'd be snore give him one
cool one umm hyperbeam completely yeah
he can be he can have a hyper beam yeah
but there's just like not your
appropriate could you fly no he can't
fly this ears no I feel like he'd have
something that like Jigglypuff would
have what did Jigglypuff hear through
the singing worms
mm he probably wanted to sing young ones
yeah look he's already time mm-hmm
it's really cute remember when you used
to try to use your bike everywhere on
Pokemon and Professor Oak would just
appear and it's like you can't use your
bike here it's like thanks for their
 and Professor Oak
look at those under eye bags I'm so
tired we're gonna sleep now we watched
another couple episodes of fiber and an
episode of pace recreation I'll talk to
you bye
good morning man Hamish you're both
dying from the gym this morning I tried
out some new workouts it did like just
some cardio to begin I think I did like
20 minutes just on the cross trainer and
then I did just like whatsit course like
the pulley machine a and you can i hook
it up to different things and like pull
the weights so I did on my legs and I
like did the one where you put your legs
out sideways like that and then
one will you go out words and then I did
my arm one worked I was like then like
this like just one my machine it got me
all the way down here which is good and
then I just did the kettleball squats
and I've gone up away as well so I don't
even know how much I'm doing it's not
that much I'm not very strong on my
upper body yeah that's always a shame
exhausted
I've just been enjoying doing
lightweight stuff lately usually I like
cardio more but I don't know I've just
changed my mood so just rolling with it
and for breakfast it's gonna have juice
or smoothie or something I don't know
got hip smell dope and I might film a
video this morning as well Tori yeah
that's the plan I might open my mouth
now what's this hmm
well it's not focusing sex stay good boy
good boy lemon and ginger it is the best
of December I can open my chocolate
anything is I don't even feel like
chocolates I'm just gonna like college
them until one day I feel like chocolate
they don't eat them or then but it's
still fun they're dead they're dead
they're dead the better go so let's
hider I didn't have an advent calendar
last I written up in one years such a
child
yeah but the beauty ones don't care I
mean chocolate dairy milk milk chocolate
thank God it's not a friggin get them in
want whatever they call different ones
in it yes what a waste day there's no
caramel ones they put peppermint but no
caramel this popping candy popping candy
strawberry peppermint and milk chocolate
it was very cheap Christmas I don't
think I like the strawberry matchy they
don't really like strawberry chocolate
and we also have this one from benefit
yeah
and it friggin sings like everyone like
all night just start singing it's really
creepy wake up in the morning and just
go ah huh
oh this is difficult we have a mini all
our left is it so I'm dry brightening
hey alright so we have a few packages
here there's another couple hiding
behind there so we'll just start here
I'm just doing all these now so that I
can get rid of it all and then start
filming soon it's a really good filming
day it's like miserable raining and
cloudy outside which is perfect for me
right now it's not too dark because
sometimes it gets really dark and then
obviously the lighting but it's not
bad so this is from Elizabeth Arden 8
hour cream all over miracle oil
if this doesn't open anymore Wow look at
all this this is a couple of the eight
hour cream bombs which have a couple of
eight hour cream which I've got a couple
of as well I'll probably have to share
some of those with my mama because she
will like it a lot
and there's the oil which is new well
that's do you love how he just sneezes
we're gonna be teamcity like Oh what hey
what see you sneezed again no he's like
look at me hey hey are you doing I love
you looking very cute this morning don't
win all right next up this is Manuka
doctor I can't show you the other side
of the bag where it says manuka dr. on
it because it's got my address on it age
defying face bronzing gel next up is
some more stuff that I bought off once
it this is like I bought those myself of
my fav what one of my favorite shampoos
I should say I really like the joy coke
a pic and I also like the was another
one I use gold well oh yeah there was
like a mess of size for cheap so I got
there and then also some of the
reconstruct for the hydrator story which
is like kind of like a treatment I would
say like a treatment can go they kind of
talk treatment conditioner and then this
is a little mirror that's like an anti
former
in the show because sometimes I wash my
face if I've got makeup on if I'm having
a shower and I miss it and I get out of
the shower like smash everywhere so I
thought I'd give this a go also got sent
some stuff from Oasis UT got a drink
bottle score actually near new ones as
the hydrator body lotion should be hero
moisturizer comeback dry sensitive skin
every single day next up we got some
stuff from a stink bear not expecting
anything so what I've seen dear Shannon
and sending you best wishes for the
holiday new year please enjoy our
fragrant gifts it's perfect to carry
with you to all the seasons festivities
yours truly Rachel from CBO thank you I
really like the colorful ones this isn't
sponsored by the way so we have dulcis
by dolce gabbana Edward DG Ola bio
Giorgio Armani I don't think I
pronounced that right at all and Gucci
Guilty next up we have a color pop gift
I love this like I'd not read the note
before haven't looked in here yet but
everybody loves tiny things almost tiny
things oh my god Sally is going to flip
her oh god what am I going to do
with all this look how freaking cute and
probably gonna have to share these with
Sally because let's be honest she is
queen of minis how freaking cute
oh my gosh and look oh my goodness
cutest ever so I'm one end it's the
pinch salad in the other end is like the
extra lipstick how cute oh my gosh
obsessed got a little something someone
from Chi Chi I could have opened nested
my unboxing video a la blue what are
these got they know me so well they
always see me like millions of these lip
liners because they know how much I love
them what's this color the one and only
that's year and then Oh pigments are you
 me oh I shouldn't say that
oh my gosh I'm so excited
that's so cool look at that color you
got a couple addresses since we're from
sisters the label is this can talk
sisters the label freakin love these
outfits I did a photo in an orange one a
while back
hey Shannon congratulations on your
amazing success I am actually so
addicted to your daily vlogs they're so
fantastic it was such a sweet nice and
standing go I hope blue ends they're
slightly Christmas gifts they sent this
is what hope much love from Australia
Brigette and the sisters at the label
team oh my gosh look at this color oh my
goodness that red is stunning all right
Oh oh my gosh how cute they're going to
die oh look at the Kermit in some candy
canes thank you guys so much here let's
go take them to Luiz like they've
got no tags on them set sews thank you
which one would you like
oh let me just cut him um wait so what's
this get it Louie don't be greedy look
at him Jesus was this is get it Jesus
hamish made me green juice this morning
it's got spinach kale kiwi fruit carrot
I believe that's all right it's very
very very spinach tasting today that's
how it should be though really let's be
honest all right so I'm ready to film it
just straighten my hair so today I'll
just release it today I'm going to do a
makeup tutorial in like outfit of the
day video and it's going to be showing
like gift ideas so instead of just doing
like a video saying like hey these are
cool gift ideas I've like showed a bunch
so I've just done some filming
put them on the intro and now I'm going
to like use some of the seats on my face
and like you know show them and I've
tried to choose like gift ideas that
also like basically anybody so if
someone wants to get their boyfriend to
watch the video or girlfriend they know
that you know all of the stuff is like
really good highly recommended by me and
it should suit most people so I finished
filming did the outfit of the day did my
makeup blah blah blah and so now I'm
gonna
I've got loads of stuff together as
always and I think Hamish is going to
bring me some salad soon I'm so hungry
Hamish bought the green half ones way
nicer than yours good Mitch got me a
broccoli salad what's this like you've
not cucumber um pumpkin or something and
then this one which I have to pick all
that up your sees this I see your tail
you're not fooling me
hey oh baby what are you doing but I
think it looks really pretty so I'm just
applying a nice dark layer of it and
then I'm actually taking it like dark
silver gray glitter and I'm kind of
drawing that a bug where I put my
eyeliner and blending I've got a couple
more packages from weight set I got this
blue midi skirt which zips down and then
some jewelry or something I'll have a
look in here I remember now - really
cute little like gemstone necklaces they
just really like delicate look how cute
the brand is flu envy I think I've
dubbed or flee and v.com now Hamish and
I are meeting up with my mum it's a
Turkish shop and we're gonna go take my
name in grenade some skin does four to
make Simon see my name in grandad and
mumps it's been bared like it's what
we're doing tonight and I think there's
some kind of like Christmas Fair on or
something I don't know if we end up
going to the elf log obviously got all
of our in DES and I'm gonna pin a pocket
which are really young as well but I
skipping their skin does got a bit more
salad and stuff in it I forgot to vlog
it while it looks good the racecourse
and they've got the stalls and over
there somewhere there's so many cars
everywhere took us forever to find a
park even though there's one right there
but Yolo what does last one I saw the
caramel brownie
I got a salty caramel brownie it's so
sweet
as heaps of stores inside here it's like
food and Christmas decorations and like
gifts and things we've ever really
blogged much because it's been too many
people around they can't even see
anything my gosh it feels so good to be
clean I just washed my face with my
little spinny brush thing what about
washing your face pages yeah makes sense
doesn't it
no I'm just I don't I was saying the
Hamish yesterday like too many people
wash their face too fast like people
like literally grab some cleanser put it
on for like 10 seconds rinse it off like
what's that even doing like you need to
actually like massage it and get all the
crap out of your skin anyways yeah I
used my cleanser then I did toner
feeling very accomplished I've been held
on I've been making an effort to
actually like tone my skin lately no
moisturizer brush my teeth I feel very
clean I'll put the cups we made a few
people at the markets today when girls
foreign died and then I don't officer
boyfriend or friend's phone died so my
mum's like I'll take their photos and
email them to you so cute yeah we're fun
chat didn't buy anything apart from the
brownie which was totally not even worth
it sure got ice cream or something I
don't know well I hate it when you eat
something bad and then you're like damn
it wasn't even that good like it was
good it was just like way too sweet for
me I'm not like a mess of like hardcore
sweet person like I like normal sweet
stuff like ice cream or something you
know anyway it's we're gonna watch some
TV or something now I guess and then go
sleep so I'll talk to you guys tomorrow
