morning everyone so I'm just getting
ready to go to my LASIK consult so good
that today's a little bit cloudy but I
don't mind that hopefully it'll stay
like this and won't rain I don't care if
it's not hot because at least there
won't be too much sweet happening
hopefully you guys know what I mean if
you go to a festival is just like a
sweat fest so we're just off to Remy
where I think it's called the iets just
hearing or something getting my consult
and then we've got a good a rebel sport
try and find a backpack because the
backpack we bought and palmy we forgot
to bring so we need a little bit pack or
something to carry our stuff in this
afternoon and then our house is today
I'm gonna get really and have like a
shower and wash my hair once I get back
from my appointment though take me fever
to wash my hair it is 8 to 13 or woke up
about 45 minutes ago so I just got back
from my consult with my lays eggs so I
went to the eye institute and renew era
and it seems like it's good news
basically I'm going back in 6 months to
make sure my eyesight doesn't change
again you sit at the moment it's looking
like it's stable from when I hit 3
months ago but they did obviously much
more thorough tests this time and made
it like they used swimming machines and
liked it heaps of tears tears my vision
tons not like it looks like you are
actually eligible for hopefully Isaac
and if not LASIK what is it called like
the eye resurfacing yeah it's like a
resurfacing so it's very similar to lose
it but just a slightly longer recovery
time basically but hopefully I can get
LASIK I think anyway I go back in 6
months and if my eyesight hasn't changed
I basically get it done that day if not
I just gotta wait until my eyes don't
change anymore because I'm quite young
yeah
better wait till my eyesight doesn't
keep changing because otherwise
obviously you'll get it done your
eyesight changes again but other than
there even if I can't get it done in six
months I'll definitely be able to get it
done eventually like 100% is
like maybe after I'm 25 or whatever that
he's looking at me like so confident and
it was just a really good experience
like the stuff up here so nice like the
receptionist straight away it was so
sweet she was really really nice and
then the lady that did all my like
testing and everything she said that her
daughter watches me as well and she was
just like so nice like I can't even
believe how nice everyone was and I'm
like really looking forward to it like
I'm obviously a little bit nervous now
that I know that it's something I can do
but I'm really excited so obviously like
when all of this goes ahead I will be
daily vlogging I don't know probably
have to get it straight away depending
on which surgery I get I might not be
able to see very well but I would
definitely be like vlogging my entire
experience for you guys in case you guys
are looking to do something similar
don't talk about how it'll feels and how
my vision changes and everything and
just talk about it all but yes so far
I'm like really happy and I'm just so
happy because obviously I went in there
thinking I wouldn't advocate it done so
I'm stoked
Christmas in Auckland every year this
mass of Santa creeps me out so bad he's
so big and creepy yeah I guess I think
they keep going on about how they're
gonna retire but then they just dart and
they keep bringing him back and there's
like petitions for him to come back and
stuff they should get about this I don't
know he's pretty big no he's obviously
in pods
he's like and like forth he's as big as
four stories or five stories pretty
massive he's creepy look at his face
what the reindeers missa missa reindeer
oh yeah
I couldn't even say it blames him at the
beginning but it's
must be really live material or some
yeah it'll be that um you know that
stuff they make boats out of them stuff
my dad used to use that when he used to
build his boat we're going to catch
zubeidaa Marie I hope they have digital
fur or something's ed klutz out you like
that thank you hey guys so I'm not
worried I'll show you my up in a second
Celia's using my new camera she's like
they take such good stuff if I was like
try it out so we're doing some selfies
we're just finishing off so we're going
to go over to my friends room and start
drinking because we leave in a couple
hours so you need to preload you know
because those drinks at the festival are
like twelve million dollars each I can't
remember I got these shorts maybe show
PO or whitefox batik this top is from
boohoo and then my shoes that just came
out ten dollar shoes oh five dollar
shoes actually and then this belt is
from white folks batik I love it and
that's my outfit is given this Sally
this pagan and everyone else's outside
it's freaking hot and I'm sweating my
face off today morning probably a good
thing because I lost my clutch almost
lost my phone as well so today we're
heading into town we're gonna go get
some breakfast feeling a little bit
dodgy you know and the insight we might
be doing it all over again who knows
we'll see my friends also told me that
did blow up straight past I prefer
friends we were gonna go that KK fate
today but so I booked out up for like a
month in advance so that's not really
things there
okay right buns for brunch lunch
go to Apple hijau a smoothie
some massive protests happening to the
finish school they must have to keep it
safe
Yutaka does this look okay mission looks
amazing
so good the Nash to say what a sort of
satisfied that was literally amazing you
guys should definitely come to this cafe
it was really a little a match from the
outside but it's really good food taken
and Jonna racing we're about to go in
that Odyssey maze again we're taking all
our friends this time I've been with
myself before and I've been with Hamish
before so should be fun
so we gonna fish
a fourth name all the time before
money online now I think I did
jungle Allah oh my god John
David is doing the fishing one
the colony camera
probably don't actually
separately
it'll fit perfectly though hey guys so
we're ready for round two which not
what's going on Chad did I could see you
know I may be not sure this is my makeup
it did like purpley plumbing dark smokey
eyes my lips is baby pink I think by
Anastasia Beverly Hills this is Veronica
B and in this place ur I think I got off
beginning to take a while ago
and I'm wearing of my dolly hair
extensions again same as yesterday my
highlighter is or a Miss yeah like a
mitt or one highlight or whatever it's
called
yeah brilliant quite exhausted should we
ride my little quarry Peggy
look out your body is amazing
curving I Rihanna Grande one eight and
we're on our way back home
cheese and make one fit and yeah today
is trebling I'm Cali see the puppies
this weekend was super fun and we'll hit
such a good time last night we eat stop
going to the casino and they wait just
went out to her was the club returned
home we went to calm the stop their
store and ice they put us in VIP is so
nice there so it was a really good night
and then we just went home at like 3
a.m. got up this morning now we're on
the road as 10:30 so not feeling bad
today just a bit tired but somehow you
missed out they were like crying and
running around and so excited to see us
hey did you miss us did you have fun
with Chris yeah hey ok fool you always
run into me why are you so cute hmm
Hamish is gonna play some Final Fantasy
I'm just waiting for sister clothes so I
can order some takeaway Thai or delivery
Thai just to top off my healthy eating
for the day hey this is what happiness
looks like so we guys sleep that was
like 8 p.m. but when you got like 4
hours sleep or something last night deaf
boy just followed me on Twitter I'm
really really stoked I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog I'm sorry if it was a
little bit all over the place um I just
to be honest just keep forgetting to
check out my camera because I was just
having fun
I know that Sully did some vlogging as
well so keep it out on her channel
otherwise yeah I hope you enjoyed this
anyway and I'll talk to you properly
tomorrow with a longer more normal vlog
I guess bye
