everyone so go back from the gym like
half an hour ago me and Hamish have
actually just been filming on these new
board like things he got make sure you
keep an eye out on his channel because
he filmed us on them they were so hard
but fun
I've just got terrible balance but
anyways so yeah now I need to have some
breakfast and then today I need to pack
for tomorrow because we're gonna leave
early kind of gonna be a chill day today
but can't with my contacts today my
glasses are so dirty I need to wash them
or wipe them or whatever you do I have
any admiration for people they go to the
gym and glasses like they keep sliding
them I know to a source but here too
much information I'm just going to
smoothie for breakfast this is a very
straight to banana
so say the gym all I did was cardio I
lost track of time and I was on the
girlfriend of like an hour and then he
said okay I'm ready to go I was like oh
that's gonna do some like new work
hasn't seen yet how much teach me some
but I'll just start next week tomorrow
morning we're not gonna go the gym we're
gonna leave early because my friend
pagan is flying up to auch them from
crashed church so we want to get to
Auckland see me early just so that she's
not hanging out by herself too long and
because I can't wait to see her as well
yeah I can't wait to see all my friends
this weekend I'm so excited
like we just boys have the best time
when we travel together even though it's
all you have to all commit still it's
just gonna be so fun I am showered I'm
clean I just spent 12 hours in the
shower shaving my legs and I cut myself
for the first time in forever which is
just fantastic
I don't know how I managed it cry for me
so now I'm just waiting a while before I
fake ten because I'm bleeding so while I
wait can you not can you not can you not
while I wait I'm just gonna try on some
outfits for our house hopefully I have
something I can wear have no idea what I
feel like wearing and then I'm gonna
pick ten and make myself like twelve
shades darker than I look right now
I can't wait or I've got a pile of
clothes that looks good on so now I'm
gonna go through and figure out what I'm
gonna take with me I'm gonna take these
sunglasses too I love them they're from
white folks boutique who's just hit a
bar is it Lewiston Rizzi oh no is it
your turn senior tip come on it's okay
he knows what's wrong
what happened what you're very cute
though he just got out of the bath loo
so starting away home getting a taste of
your own medicine hey Louie usually he's
the annoying one he do
all right so I've got all of my outfit
started Monday up there for four days
but I have a lot of clothes
there's always happens I always overpack
but I just have no idea what I want to
wear so I've got heaps of options I've
got some hair extensions I have some
jewelry next I need to pack toiletries
which is not gonna fit in here
and makeup so I'll show you what makeup
a pack alright so here's all my base
products and taking tons of makeup I'm
taking two primaries for different
things in primer water because it's mean
to be like raining and stuff so I want
to make sure that my makeup stays on I'm
gonna take the sitting spray as well
just gotta find one sitting powder a
couple different foundations and
different colors just because I don't
know how like my fake tans gonna last
concealer like that's a face one and
under eye concealer contour kit I'm
taking this hourglass powder to try out
I should i palette which isn't face
product I just put it there anyway a
couple of highlighters that is the Laura
Mercier match one and they are not one
peachy blush that will just go with
everything and then a bunch of brushes
okay so everything's in here apart from
the Smashbox primer water because I'm
just going to take this Urban Decay one
instead that can be usable for enough to
make up and then I can fit all something
there now going to do all my eye makeup
okay now I'm taking some leashes I've
got the fiction lashes the pre-madonna
the romantic and the glimmer Easter I've
got stuff to put on my shoes my
eyeshadows as I said before it's random
dry shampoo mascara liquid eyeliner
primer black track form a tight line or
water line a nude eyeliner in case I
want nude my brow furrows and brushes
hopefully that's everything I'm
panicking and Flowerbomb perfume this is
insane Baird packaging by the way I'm
bringing so many lashes because we might
be doing stuff two nights and Chris
wanted some of these ones here so I'm
bringing those for him
I also added in another brow bone
highlight color and sort of those makeup
revolution middle I should is in there
cleaning my brushes just then using the
stuff
cinema secrets so that's all the makeup
ready to go hopefully I haven't
forgotten anything
ah lipsticks by the way if you're
wondering with a lipsticks I'm just
gonna check them in my handbag so I'm
taking two pairs of came out shoes and
two pairs of heels these ones are wedges
from its these ones here are by siren
yeah now like heel
what color to work with what so I'm safe
I think all right so I'm pretty much
done packing as you can see I'm just too
perfect and I put fake tin on my face
too so it looks odd when you first at
all but tomorrow morning once I rinse my
face I look amazing
so yeah I've finished picking apart from
I've got to pick my toothbrush in the
morning and like my charges my battery I
mean my computer no my camera battery
and my phone charger perish maybe juice
and lemon this morning so I'm gonna have
this as well I just finished scheduling
Monday's at video which by the time you
watch this video is probably up by now
because I'm not except loading this on
time because I don't engineer I finished
scheduling Monday's video it is that
green smokey eye and then I've also
scheduled a vlog which is like a
sponsored vlog to go up now I'm gonna
eat at you today's vlog to go up now I
feel like so happy right now like
unpacked almost I'm a faked hand I've
got all my work sorted I've done all my
emails today and I'm just feeling so
good and so on top of things like it's
just the best feeling ever when you know
that you're like up to date next week
I've got some more stuff to film when I
get back from a house cuz yeah just try
to get everything pumped out while I'm
away - timber I'm obviously still gonna
film throughout December when I am at
home but I'm just always so often there
I just want to make sure that I've got
some pre-recorded videos especially in
case I get sick or anything
touchwood I don't get sick at all but if
I do it's just nice having some video I
was like and the reason I say that is
because sometimes when I travel a lot I
don't know I get really sick really
easily like on planes and stuff but
fingers crossed
I'll be fine positive thinking I will be
sweet I'll be fine I've got a subway for
dinner and I'm happy about it hamish got
salad and stoked about it for my bread I
thought I'd show you quickly a what mail
arrived today as well so I got sent this
pic and I have if that's how you
pronounce it skincare so I think this is
a face scrub with manuka honey cinnamon
and maracuja oil I so got sympathy
it's my rate I'm sorry I'm talking about
me my throat um teleport collaboration
which is super exciting so this matte
lip is in stingray and then these are in
razor and then the color oh it's a
really pretty like deep nude
I've got catnip by Anasazi Beverly Hills
and soft lilac so thank you in a society
Berkeley Hills
seeing lots of pictures of this on
Instagram or both of these shades on
Instagram so I'm excited to try them and
then lastly is this gift bag with asana
stuff inside I'm guessing let's have a
look why is that dirty looking the Sun
rose hip micellar water
it's kind of exploded I think in the
post but that's super cute it's a little
succulent oh my gosh I love it I mean
some official wipes Oh perfect I
actually needed some new face wipes so
it is quarter to eight and I'm gonna eat
my vlog here because I need to touch my
camera for tomorrow I hope you guys
enjoy today's vlog and I'm guessing this
is gonna be joined up to tomorrow's vlog
so peace out good morning everyone my
hair looks crazy whose eyes lit out of a
bun today we are traveling up to
Auckland so not sure how much footage
I'm gonna get but we are meeting up with
peg in this afternoon and then who knows
what we're gonna do tonight I'm just
wearing a Nike singlet in this Nike
jacket in some jeans these jeans are
from cotton I think I'm just gonna wear
something slip-on shoes I'm just waiting
for Hamish to get home he's just
dropping off house keys to our house
sitter we've got some friends coming to
look after the dogs and look after the
house while we got'em we always get
people to house search feel so much
better about it you know Louis being at
home rather than they can or something
what else do I need to say Zeus I love
you so much I love you I'm so excited
for tomorrow apparently the way there's
gonna be pretty rubbish so that'll be
interesting that's why I'm kind of
wearing this jacket here just in case I
need like a rain jacket or something
don't really know what else to say right
now look how pretty
Matt Sorum a helix
that related I hear apparently I don't
put the windows real terrible so
hopefully nothing is a solitary bit oh
that's bright so we're in Auckland am
here with pagan increase in hey man
we're just gonna go into town we've just
been chilling out for like the last two
hours because we're just be exhausted
from driving play dollies and we're
going to go to ok we're gonna go to town
get some dinner
we're at W hot which I find some in a
pocket super busy guys look at this
merry-go-round this is like it's super
ritzy alright we're gonna go find food
and enjoy the garrison it's so we have
hi I've never been here before I was
like falling asleep right now I'm so
trying cuz I'm gonna get oven roasted
beets abruptly change spots and then hey
mister skinny ribs and he's getting
fried so I'm going to eat his prize true
relationship
Friday's gala created properly my ribs
chips aioli are you impressed
snapchatting he has might be true
they're now at chocolate boutique in
Pinal I got a work hole I think I
probably remember and a drink as well
I'm so excited
I've got a white chocolate drink Hamish
got sticky date pudding here's my waffle
look at that banana
but aren't these my banana always gonna
pick up another now well back at our
apartment whatever you want to call it
that I haven't actually leave them I
should probably show you it I'm so out
of it today I'm so sorry my blog is
really terrible just me like tie it all
day and just not feeling well hopefully
I'll feel better tomorrow after good
sleep but we're staying where we saying
Lawrence post Oaks it's basically just
like an apartment style hotel because
we've got like tons of rain so it was
like real cheap for us all to stay here
so this is like a two-bedroom apartment
it's like tears Oh a tea it's like a
million miles so this is a basic
bathroom it's perfect for what we need
it's got a little kitchen good sized
fridge which is good and then like to be
drones which identical they're just
really tiny a bit that's all you need
let's be honest then you get a nice
mirror a little dining room table and
then there's the balcony out there as
well but it's nighttime psychiatry right
now I'll show you tomorrow
nolo lounge area hopefully tomorrow my
blog will be a little bit better I hope
it is we've obviously just been like
traveling most today yeah I'm so looking
forward to tomorrow I can't wait it's
gonna be so fun you know I'm looking
forward to seeing my friends as well so
yeah that's what she tomorrow
