everyone so today's videos in
collaboration with Scholl I'm basically
hitting to go get my nose redone right
now and I'm taking this little baby with
me my nail tech is going to use it on me
so we're gonna see how good it is I've
actually had quite a lot about it and my
nails right now looking terrible they
are so grown out and they need a good
revamp so just going to show you how my
nails hick is going to use this on me
and I'll show you like what color I go
for and I'll show her doing my nails so
yeah I better get going so I'm running
late this is where I get my nails done
so this is the system we are using today
and of course like you can just use this
yourself I just always get my nails done
professionally so my nail check is doing
them for me you can buy these I think at
leading supermarkets here leading
supermarkets and pharmacies so I'll put
some information down the down bar so
this is what we're going to be using
there's three little heads here there is
a filing one a buffing one and a shining
one that'll do a little voiceover and
tell you what we're doing as we do it
and then that's what that looks like and
then we've also got a little cuticle
like nail care oil as well which I'm
going to use and then you can also buy
late the replacements as well if you
wear them out after a while but you
don't have to do this very often I think
on the little video that I saw online it
was like every few weeks but anyways so
yeah this is the before of my nails
they're looking a little bit Drive just
come back from holiday while I'm filming
this and the salt water is just like
wreak havoc I'm an ounce but they're
nice and long so we'll do a little bit
of like filing down and shake them and
stuff because they're probably a little
bit too long just for myself
so the first step though is to soak off
this nail polish because I do use gel of
course if you just use normal nail plush
at home just take that off before you
begin so the first step as I would say
I'm just removing the old gel of my
fingernails or magnetic is doing it as
you can see so we're just soaking them
off and then she is just going to gently
kind of like you know scrape it off as
they do if you just wear normal nail
polish and you're doing this at home
just use any nail polish remover and
remove any nail polish that you have on
your nails at the moment and then we can
begin with our little tool so first I'm
taking the filing side and just clipping
that on it's really simple you just kind
of like push it on and then you can
switch it on this two speed settings and
then we're just going to begin shaping
my nails and you can just do any shape
you prefer we're going for like a
rounded shape and you just want to go on
one kind of day
action and then yeah just keep going
until you've got your desired length and
shape complete the filing attachments
all have the numbers written on them
this one's number one so if you're
confused which is which they're all
labeled one two three so you know what
kind of order to go in so we're just
doing that on every single nail and then
we are taking the second head attachment
and this one is called it the buffing
one if you're wondering it's the buff
side and we're just buffing the top
layer of my nail gently just a few times
on each nail until it they are nice and
smooth to the touch
once my nails were nice and smooth to
the touch
I put on the third attachment which is
the shining side and we're just kind of
doing the same step just buffing this
all over the surface of my nail really
gently a few times on each finger until
they are nice and shiny and smooth just
to show you how nice they make my
natural nails look if you're not allowed
to use nail polish or if you prefer not
to use it this is how it the nail care
oil makes my nails look this is so nice
and moisturizing and it smells really
really good as well the two products
work really nicely together just to make
your nails look nice and healthy so
that's how they look just natural but I
am going to be using gel polish as
always we decided on a really simple
kind of nail art design today so my nail
tech is just starting with a nice nude
kind of pink nail polish and we're just
doing a couple of layers of that to
build up the opacity a little bit but we
don't want to opaque we want it to be
semi sheer nice and pretty and light if
it for this spring summer with it at the
moment and then my nail tech just mixed
together
some glitter which the base is like a
silver nail polish like glittery nail
polish and then she makes two different
kinds of blue glitter and it created
this really pretty iridescent kind of
mermaidy
looking glitter I love it so much and
then she's just using a small brush to
apply that to the tip of my nail and
we're just blending it down a little bit
as well just to make it nice and faded
looking I love love
love the way this turned out it's so
pretty and I cannot stop staring at my
nails and just in love we finished off
with a clear topcoat and then just cured
my nails in the little like nail
thingamajig I'm no no expert so I have
no idea what that's actually called and
then once we're all complete we took
some more of the Scholl velvet smooth
like oil and just applied that to my
cuticles and nails and the oil just
really helps to nourish my skin and
makes my cuticles look a way less dry
because that's something I struggled
with because I'm terrible and don't look
after my nails so yeah that's how
everything looks once it's all complete
I'm obsessed with this manicure and I
hope you guys enjoy it as well I'll put
some more links and stuff down below if
you're interested in more information so
just got home from my nails being done I
love them they look so good
overall I think it worked really well my
nail tech even said sorry I should get
rid of this comb my nail tech even said
really really good gift idea for
Christmas anyone that loves doing nails
also I reckon it's really good for
people that can't really master the act
of normal traditional filing but I feel
like it's a lot easier than filing
normally and it's faster as well I even
think I could actually do that myself
surprisingly because I'm usually
terrible at nail stuff so yeah as I said
it is available at leading supermarkets
and pharmacies or put more information
down below if you're interested in
checking out the system anymore I hope
you guys enjoyed seeing how I get my
nails done I'm so obsessed with in this
so pretty and also linked down below
where I get my nails done as well
because you want to follow her on
Instagram or anything like that so yeah
thank you for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I'll talk to you soon bye
