good morning Zeus hey guys so me and
Hamish look a bit from the gym um and
today I am editing what so many videos
did it so that's what I spend my day
doing and then just making sure that
I've got everything set up before while
I'm away in Auckland but a couple of
collapsed in as well so I'm really
excited about that yeah I don't know how
interesting today's vlog gonna be
because they literally all I have
planned maybe this afternoon if I get a
few videos edition but I might start
cleaning my family room but it's me
forget time because they do take a long
time to edit lemon and ginger Hamish is
making us green juice breakfast
multi-purpose my never shower afterwards
but I'm just it is hang the Pie Face
challenge
he loves Natalie you're so adorable
alright finished editing the pie face
tutorial on top tutorial what Pie Face
challenge now I'm going to edit my
minute my chichi Hall and then I'm going
to do a tutorial and then I'm gonna do
my daily vlog and then I need to like
you know go through and schedule them to
go up put so many videos data it's crazy
but it's really good because if I get
really busy next month because I am
going away so often at least I've got a
few backup videos that I can put out so
I'm not gonna like miss any days or
anything also that's the mouth
okay so I finished the pipet challenge
and my green makeup tutorial because I
couldn't do the chichi one yet because I
was importing stuff so next I'm going to
do the Chi Chi one and then I'm going to
edit my full favorite chair which I
filmed eight years ago I don't even know
how to upload it let me know if you guys
want to see it still I just don't know
if it's like still a thing or not I also
got some packages which I'll open in a
moment but I am this so hungry it's
12:30 I think I'm just gonna ever cut it
on toast again because it cannot be able
to cooking here's lunch something
helpful baby oh you see it always needs
to be a hands alright yeah but I'm not
um Bambi don't know how that Halloween
but it does and I'll be going is a
skeleton just like a skeleton paint it
across here probably to some yeah
finished the cheesy unboxing video to
Louise really excited to give him a
cuddle and he's like jumping off on me
now I've just got to finish yesterday's
vlog I mean I think that's a good amount
of work done today and then I might just
another video tomorrow after I'm done
picking and everything we leave on
Thursday so I'm gonna open up some mail
now with you guys I've got like four or
five parcels here no idea what's in some
of them some of them I dunno alright so
I think this one here is color pop I was
right hey love for more shut the front
door launches is that what that says
November eighteenth color Bob I'm so bad
at reading some people sin writing so
these are the liquid lipsticks I believe
the first one is Scrooge the second one
is platform and then the readers
silhouettes and then at the last one is
teeny tiny that's how they will look I
also received some stuff from a PR
company so you can my mum loves this
brand I've to try it
so there is a nutrient-rich facial
moisturizer and then the body lotion as
well I also purchased a bunch of stuff
off once it so to show you what I got
once it's like a sale website so I
bought some stuff from Smashbox there um
what are these called again look like is
I got three shades and then I also got
this 24 hour CC spot concealer so
haven't tried that before so of that and
then I also got some shoes from Bellini
this is what the first pill look like
super cute flats
I really have any cute flats I don't
know I've got like sneakers or heels or
boots so those are cute for summer
then this is the other pair there so
pretty nice have I got something from
ModCloth which this is for a sponsorship
I'm doing I'm so excited about it
because I don't know if you guys
remember but I've hold stuff from
ModCloth
in the past not so much the clothing but
more like the home wares and stuff I
love the website and I buy off there
quite a lot for gifts and things so they
contacted me and they're gonna do a
collaboration sponsorship with me near
new years I think it is and so I picked
this dress and I'm going to do like a
makeup look and outfit of the day kind
of like get ready with me kind of video
I'm so excited this dress oh it's so
pretty I'll show you it really quickly
but obviously you'll see it on later on
so here's how it kind of looks it's got
like really nice like beading and stuff
over the shoulders and it goes down is
the romper or dress economy but it's a
romper yeah I know what this is I use
ship it to to shop on Sephora using the
assisted purchasing option so I put some
saffron supper so I said I might not
show you too much I might do a haul
look at this Fox of joy ah okay now I'm
gonna start cleaning up my family where
am I upload it just says vlog and
finished editing three videos for my
main channel I feel very accomplished
today I'm just over sitting in front of
the computer screen so I'm just going to
play some music and start tidying up my
room first I'm going to put all my clear
lids on my mac lipsticks I don't know if
you guys remember that I showed you them
in a video like in one of my vlogs so
here's the before alright here's my
progress that's full of lids for just
keeping them obviously in case I want to
change back but got my nerds peaches
oranges and Pink's over here and then
some darker vampire colors and brights
over here look at this
Louise just like parked himself in
between my legs so this is the progress
so far it's not too much progress but
it's something right now I'm going to go
cook some dinner I'm hungry and I've
also got a really bad headache probably
from the music who knows
can you tell I'm hungry I made salad
hummus historic pizza lots of veggies
it's like now at 8:30 or not late but
you know it didn't mean who I should
just be watching some PewDiePie and some
failarmy and now we're watching some TV
or watching some Netflix turn on what
we're watching what does that mean the
Navy SEALs the untold story documentary
about the Navy SEALs be scamming a slow
Communist Navy SEAL is it a game no it's
not a game it's the there is a game of
SOCOM u.s. Navy SEALs which is the
greatest candidate out real lessons
about room okay so I'll be worse in the
game I'd say okay hands down that's what
we're watching now hey everybody
did you enjoy the documentary yes right
I know you didn't like it though sir
mister I understand war that's done
what's hit me the whole time we're gonna
watch so I asked our place mail I don't
even know maybe go to sleep I mean all
the time is but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's we'll talk tomorrow away I might
not talk to you more it depends if I
have internet otherwise I'll talk to you
guys when I get bit depart me tomorrow
we're don't go tomorrow remember my
vlogs are a day behind
