everyone my name is just going on the
gym it's Monday morning and I'm gonna
film to about two videos I want to film
and then what else am i doing today just
editing I guess and a couple packages
that I'll go close up later on just
gonna move some breakfast now okay so
you enjoy having a shower I quickly the
kids I need to wash my hair and let it
dry a little bit before I started
filming Henry schmick me juice and lemon
juice got like no feet tan on right now
but I don't want to fake tan until like
Wednesday so that my fake tan is nice
and fresh for our house the struggle he
also made me a massive green juice so
I'm just gonna have this for breakfast
I'm not very hungry anyway what's really
good today I think I like green juice
better than the beet juice okay so today
I'm gonna film what is it it's gonna be
a hair and makeup tutorial I think I'm
gonna do something slightly festive like
dramatic I've done one festive look
already that's going up in a couple of
weeks I might do something super smoky
with like gold eyeliner or something I
don't know I'm just trying to like think
of ideas and then I want to do a summer
one as well like a summer festive
I makeup look so I'm gonna film it at
that today I'm also gonna film it that
cheat here unboxing video because so
many of you guys requested it on their
blog to do like a proper video about it
so I'm gonna do a proper video about it
we'll see how that goes as well there's
such a big box full of stuff right so
it's quarter past twelve and I just
filmed at my first video I did a
tutorial my hair and makeup so this is
the makeup look I'm obsessed with it's
super dramatic and sultry and smoky I
know I said I was gonna do gold eyeliner
that I do went out the window I'm gonna
do that for a summery
Christmas look I've decided so this
one's more of like a winter or dramatic
and nighttime festive kind of look well
you can wear it any time videos it's
just really simple gold glitter smokey
eyes and red lips so you could wait any
other look color now I'm gonna do that
big cheat sheet unboxing video the mess
in my room is freaking real right now
what has happened so I think when I
can't because I've got an appointment
for my LASIK consultation like my second
one I've got a consult on Thursday no
Friday so I can't wear my contacts for
two days
hold it so when I've got my glasses on I
can't really film because I can't see so
I think I'll edit
try to get my room cleaned up a bit
because this is not okay and I am done
oh my goodness some of this stuff is
amazing by the way so I can't wait for
you guys to see this video I have no
idea when it's going up I have it so
many videos already planned so I'll keep
you updated as I always say alright so I
forgot my extensions because I'm
actually hitting into town soon to pick
up one of Hamish's Christmas presents
while he's not home so he's not like
where are you going what are you doing
you know so hopefully they have what I
need I'm gonna go into town in a moment
and do that some point lunch because I'm
really really hungry and I should go my
extensions because I looked so full-on
like way too glam to go into like a guy
store basically I'd be like what's this
go to stop for so I just forgot my
sentence and I am just going to get
changed soon yeah just gonna eat I don't
know what I'm gonna eat okay I'm gonna
it's hampt Emma Cotter and saddle on
toast if my avocados are ready this is
just the spirit here begging bread oh
it's feeling good yeah I'm gonna have
some of these as well I don't know how I
make such a big Mis just putting on
something paper but hey here's lunch
activewear actor to make up for my
dramatic is hick makeup I'm wearing
activewear hey what are you doing hello
no hello oh you only wanna give me a
teacher when Zeus wants to give me
attention don't you so I got back I
ordered in the ghosts because they
didn't have it there so I might have to
get my mom to go pick it up with Hamish
is like hanging out with me so I wanted
I couldn't get sauce so I don't want to
try and figure out what it is cuz he
already it was like what are you eating
with Christmas because it wasn't expect
anything and I was like oh I've got an
idea and now he's like trying to figure
out what it is so I don't want him to
turn into a full-on investigator so I
feel you'd always out and hopefully
doesn't find out what it is so now I'm
just using a video for Friday and yeah
That moment when you rip off your false
eyelashes and your eyes goes
I'm so impatient I just always want to
like rip them off like once I know I'm
not doing any more filming or whatever
and then it just hurts
hmm so impatient anyway just a random
thought I don't know what my internet
situation is gonna be like while I'm in
Auckland this weekend so if I don't
really have much engineer or if I don't
have much time because I am hanging out
with friends the whole time I'm just
gonna do what I did when I got back from
Fiji I'll just vlog while I'm up there
of course and then I will just combine
the videos and upload them in two or
three Lots once I get back to Palmerston
North once I get back home just in case
we don't have internet / don't have time
it's serious or it's just easier for me
to do it that way so I'm still daily
vlogging I just want to upload them
daily and then I'll just get back to
normal after that might just be a little
bit all over the place this month and
next month because of all the traveling
I'm doing like I just have no idea what
the situation is gonna be like so thank
you for standing it worked out really
well last time no-one seemed to really
mind so I'll just do it that way also
how freaking beautiful this crystal I
just saw at California's fade and she
looks so pretty look at that makeup and
Lois being really cute - hey are you
playing with your new toy huh huh he's
so cute so I am currently still editing
what's the time it's 3:30 it was just
coming home in a couple hours so
hopefully I can be done by the time he
gets back also my new video just went up
obviously at 2 o'clock today it is my
next high voltage lipstick swatch video
so if you are interested in seeing that
make sure you go head on over and watch
that finished up quite early today it is
a fast path and I just finished editing
and you know sitting this up to upload
this is yesterday's vlog make sure you
check out down here as well I update my
newest videos on my main channel I like
in the downbar if you were interested in
seeing what my latest beauty video was
so now I'm gonna transfer some of those
photos of my makeup off my good camera
head to my phone and if I want to upload
because I think I took some good photos
you're just watching my new creation I
thought I'd show you quickly what I got
in the nails
but some new look creams from drivers
minutes look how pretty these colors are
in the packaging I got something from
killing Murphy
I should open it in a moment and just do
over dry powder finishing hairspray it
sounds quite cool I love the packaging
here's the eyeshadow palette collect
exceeds me a nice little package I'm so
excited to try the makeup I've heard
such good things there's me a cute
little note oh my goodness there's so
many goodies I might just open a few
bits and pieces and see what there is
Hey hi Blaine mwah love you Hey looks
like I'm not doing anything now so you
can't be on my knee so his little stuff
they see me they see me so much there's
a few highlighters eyeshadows blushes
bronzers heaps these like lip glosses
and matte lipsticks and stuff little
like sparkles so I'm just gonna wait
till tomorrow I'm gonna take a photo of
some of the stuff so you can see some
the colors about definitely used some in
videos and things I have on the manuka
dr purifying facial peel because the
mexicans decides start breaking out down
here not impressed and i've noticed in
the comments the last two days around
his weird fashion effectuation
fascination of whether i'm naked at
these are my videos i'm not actually
naked but you found topless who cares on
you guys are weird
you guys are like do you sleep naked on
my do you sleep with clothes on so
uncomfortable to sleep with hips of
clothes on i only have a few jobs during
the day nothing the thing is main hamish
iron house mom and dad aren't gonna just
barge on in and like see us lying here
with no clothes on or anything it does
not matter like i don't know why people
care sometimes I sleep close to time I
don't know it's just how I do not
normally complete oh sometimes sometimes
completely naked but usually I'll have
underwear on that once we close yeah
even in winter I just prefer just to
always you feel trapped I wake up in the
sweat so I'm all tangled I just hate it
it like gives me like nightmares I hate
it we're just watching past recreations
to all the khaki atlases
leave him alone bargain why are you such
a gangsta Louie ways that you
straight-up earned a foot Beast
why does he won't wake up cuz they know
he doesn't care about what you have to
say no he's on a train
he's just like cut it off on the mound
of blanket okay when you said trate
trate okay just feed it to me
start an IV drip just bacon in the IV
drip what why is it like there are you
really don't like to let your face up no
I mean hamish gonna sleep now I keep
forgetting to light in my vlogs because
I think I've endured the meridia but
then I remember that I hate my gosh
thank you guys for watching my vlog
today I hope you liked it and I'll talk
to you tomorrow
bye say goodnight Hamish thumbs the
video dad no
