good morning it's Sunday and we just got
back from the gym hamish nights are a
really good work I he filmed me doing
some workouts which is awkward so I
guess keep an eye on his channel if you
want to see me like red face wait here
in disgusting
so I did cardio first and 40 minutes on
the cross trainer and then I did some
sit-ups and they're like Kido ball squat
things but also dredged in my arms I
think that was it
so for breakfast we've got no juicing
stuff so I'm going to make Hamish my a
smoothie in the end I don't know what
we're gonna do so I'm shaking but I was
like mom I don't know what we're doing
just figure it out as we go like it
could he get into it this decoration we
got used to I don't know what's happened
to it though we got into it where did it
go look at him he's waiting outside he
knows where did you put it LOI
where did you bury it hmm I'm sure we'll
find it eventually so yeah I'm just
gonna make us some smoothies now no I
don't want that now I can make up
YUM
I didn't put in too much green powder so
it tastes good still how's Jules hmm
show me a mix in some wanna know mm-hmm
these are be so good in summer seriously
who's oh no why
Haymitch got brain freeze it went on for
like a minute at one time I was like
drinking a coke from McDonald's I got
brain freeze so bad I started crying I
don't you know how sometimes yeah
exactly just sometimes goes on and on oh
my god I drink it again apparently if
you don't let it touch your teeth that
helps like to not get brain freeze
someone told me that because it's
something to do with your nerves which I
guess makes sense I'm not gonna I'm just
gonna drink I'm gonna think about stuff
very much
yeah who told you they got Roomba was
ages ago
no it wasn't someone my videos so when I
roll
thank you anyone in real life can tell
you anything if you want to believe that
slightly you'll just believe it even
though there's no oh really it's so true
though no no that's one maybe is so
powerful my chin expose a bitch and you
guys will be like yep she is ever she is
you know what I mean oh yeah that's true
and if you heard Justin Bieber did
something what ariana grande did
something that was bitchy we're all
guilty over the report believe something
never benefit mmm
I'm chewing on it because I want to get
brain freeze apparently all right so I'm
ready and I filmed it tutorial in this
makeup look just well actually I changed
the look color this lip color is a
secret at the moment but I was wearing
like a super super hot pink color
that's color here but to be honest this
was so drying that's why she
so I'm gonna have to say my little voice
over there it's not devious it was a
little bit chunky I don't know maybe I
put too much wrong but anyway the color
was beautiful but yes missing there and
then just put some highlighter and then
keeps the andro really bright and then
did a really soft kind of cut crease
kind of effect I think I just thought
I'd film a fun simple summer look so
yeah that's why I came up with my
outfits a bit of a mishmash today white
shoes are from Kmart these jeans they
got from misguided I've wasn't these
like four days in a row because it's so
comfortable and when I'm on my period I
get super bloated like I don't know if
you'll be able to see top here I think
was from was it from tiger mist or white
fox boutique um
something like that or Shope oh I don't
know if you want to find it just check
those websites it's not one of them and
then this is from to pray I think we're
gonna go head into town it's 12:42 the
day is getting on like what have I done
with my whole day of is because we have
to the jet the way tweet true the jump
in there just like a full face makeup
and yeah time flies look how handsome my
puppies are why'd you have to move there
would have been a cute photo yes I got
subway so now we've eaten lunch we're
gonna go to cotton on because I want to
look at underwear so I throw out a few
peers recently so just old I really want
some like high-waisted underwear I've
got one pair I was wearing them used
today no no no I don't even say this but
they just look really really nice
they're really comfortable as well they
just look so cute I love high-waisted
stuff
got normal heaven either but overlooked
they always just have like good cheap
comfortable underwear cotton our show
you what I got later well there was no
high-waisted ones but I got some cute
like simple underwear
we're in pants North heaven came out I
love this place I really do it's got
everything I don't even know what I
meant to be looking for I just wanted to
come here and bask in its glory I don't
know where we go look at sheep these
things are $25 for a slow-cooker i stood
the most awkward thing I just met some
viewers and I was like me to say nice to
meet you
but then I started saying nice to see
you but I didn't say nice to see house I
nice to meet you real awkwardly oh my
god luckily they didn't notice this
isn't free it's free it's free for now I
promise let's go comment and pump them
going out here then
oh my god there's the biggest day ever
free what was the thing that bug before
hey man I think he wants show the way
hospit me get a chopping board because
our chopping board split open and then
we need to get some stuff from the zoom
back and we're gonna be filming the
particle pie face
I don't know it's cold yeah my fireplace
something like that the challenge sort
of get some cream and also just some
stuff to juice weather the next couple
of days look what I found at the way
look what I found at the warehouse
it's a fritter advent calendar I wasn't
gonna get one but I saw this my had to
have it I just don't like peppermint
my gosh I'm so excited popping candy Jim
I don't think there's a caramel one lame
they're probably the weirdest way to cut
pineapple lifehack don't film the pie
challenge whatever it's called Pie Face
challenge with false eyelashes on or on
carpet did you have fun I wonder who won
that was the most expensive video I
think I've made in a while
they show everyone when we got it go on
what do we get do you turn mine all
right so I got these bra and I got these
bra and I got this breath and I got this
g-string and then all of these ones are
just like seamless or really really good
into like tight clothes and stuff like
that cuz I don't know what has happened
don't mind where I can't find any of
these kinds so I just need some new one
so got like nude and black and then this
one with the lace and then also this one
with lace as well because I like the
color and it kind of goes with that and
then I also got the shirt that says
maybe later it's such a me shirt don't
you think maybe later and then I also
got these wings here there were like $10
I just Waldo it cute and cheap I also
got these shorts just like sleeping
shorts because they're super cute so
yeah that's what I got
Hey yes what up what season after we
just finished another season of Parks
Recreation
it's really really good so far well the
new seasons alright we stopped watching
the new season after that
well seasons a tune our pulls ahead yeah
was it sad you're blind season five
we're up to season 5 episode 4 any Lily
tongue that you attend yet why why did
you check out Lily
Oh what if I grabbed it what happens
that my name is vasiliy and now we got
to get out early it's murder at the gym
man I'm gonna do some filming tomorrow
and yeah I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog and I'll talk to you tomorrow
