so I just started my blog off on high
muscies camera I do this thing everybody
it's because everyone is the friggin
same camera but I've done it on
Crystal's vlog I've done it on Danny's
vlog done while Hamish is below No
anyway good morning we just got back
from a gym I did a really good workout
it's a cross trainer rowing machine
pull-ups and dips lip press and how much
taught me a new workout doing like
squats with a kill wall and it killed me
and I'm still shaking I'm really puffed
and Hamish is making us breakfast he's
making a carrot kiwi fruit and apple
juice in spinach and kale with my limit
on this a made me a lemon juice awesome
it makes a lot yeah that cuz I'm
controlling look at this isn't eats
glass this is given look how big that is
Courtley class loves recording it's so
good huh does this have water net
spicy everything - what I mean when I
say it spicy they think it's our spice
it's the ginger it's like the spicier it
gets you at the back of the throat I'm
like we all like tonsils usually asked
like and I like burns and chill for her
plan for today thank me and Hamish gonna
go his chaps I'm reason get some food
later I guess I don't even know just
chilling again relaxing so Scott um
carrot and I filmed his cute little face
while he was eating his carrot but it
was on Hamish his channel so check out
his video
yeah you should put in look how cute oh
look at the bag what are you doing look
at all that was bid he's got like a bean
bag this big one this one's so he loves
all of them
yes whisper ute and I love you - I love
you - hey my little fat caterpillar yeah
so I'm gonna put one of these on the top
of my camera so I know which camera is
mine I'm gonna do the poo okay even
though these are home but in stick is
it's just like a good little thing to
put on my camera got my green juice look
how green it is it's like neon it's good
it's really nice
okay I'm sketcher his biscuits every way
as he hates them
alright sorry I'm gonna put on some
makeup because I feel like no makeup
sorry I don't know what can I look I'm
gonna do maybe something bronze door I
don't know but first music
my finish makeup the camera stopped
recording a couple times but that's how
it looks
I'm wearing the Flash's bikes for beauty
and then the lipstick is the here it is
it's called free spirit I've got a lip
swatch video coming on Monday I think it
is of these yeah that's my makeup so I
probably get my hair done and then get
going because it's really 12 o'clock I
just took some photos
oh is it probably under me I just saw
some photos on menu camera of many caps
a day I'm gonna put them on my iPhone
maybe upload one that man I should just
come into town finally almost 1 o'clock
I'm still hungry so we're just gonna
find this through beds and I don't know
what else oh you probably can't even
hear me cuz it's so one day it is des me
you're in the worst section over yeah
just pain through this section I am
shocked oh so you didn't get something
he's like I got something so now you
have to buy something - yes yeah I don't
know type for able to pick out how they
thought yeah how long does it take me
like Hoffner at least maybe she's gonna
try on like two sizes of everything this
should be a universal size it just
frustrates me so much right my favorite
I'm still hungry yeah this is like one
of Hamish is favorites this is one
I like it yeah Judah hate you doubt so
good because they do like a shredded
cabbage and my owner is well it's so
good I am so full my eyes we're much
bigger than my stomach picked up a
hitchhiker I don't know if you can see
him pitching a free ride well god it's
hard to keep the camera steady when is
that oh he's gone
I am so ridiculously full my lipsticks
all faded these lipsticks are really
good they're just very creamy so they
don't like last ages I mean I still hit
it on the wall like three hours
innovating it's not too bad it's like
awful Maggie lipstick getting home now
we stopped in a trouble spot and I got
another pair of those Puma leaking so
sorry about that I love no won't the
full full length one so they're only the
like three-quarter ones but I just love
them because they don't fall down and
then I also just got hot and a
lightweight jacket as well so be looking
for another lightweight jacket it's my
cotton homeland it's like it really good
still back and just tell it's gonna fall
apart so himself wanted so much it's
time to get a little bit like Haymitch
got like 20 million segments so it was
real we were earlier Shannon saw she saw
the jacket she liked on the advertising
in the store and we asked the girl if
they had at that time
that's right so yeah now we're just
hitting home I'm gonna eat at Easter
this vlog and then I want this hammer
show worms because he thinks he's better
than me
so I'm just gonna put him back in his
place so he showed you what we got from
Briscoes on his blog that pretty much
just like a nail scrubber and some like
dishwashing things we got a new business
while that law we can't get into
hopefully because this one here we put
up here so we can't get into it but he
gets those nose in here and flicks it so
he gets into it so easily
your little cleaver bug and then Hamish
got some dress shirts from farmers and
we also got this because we donated
money I can't remember what we donated
money to but it was something so we did
$10 and go free um Christmas bauble and
this is the Benton say this one here
it's got like no nuts so he'd have to
get into there
so hopefully you can't figure that out
it's not so easy Chloe already knows
look but we got a Cookie Monster one and
what's his name grouch Grouch anyways
what's wrong they're really bouncy like
they're high bounce balls I don't think
they're supposed to be for dogs but
these ones are really good because they
were a rubbery and hard so the dogs
can't chew them up hopefully but they're
like real bouncy do I got this jacket
yeah second-hand blogging me yeah yeah
yeah I got this chick is really nice
that one's Nike it's so fun how
overpriced was that so overpriced but it
looks amazing on I'm still 120 dollars
for that look at the notice it's yeah
it's really nice on there so I splurged
I also got this top which is just like a
workout sing like this is Eddy - it
looks really nice and lightweight and
then I also just go as I said the Puma
pair of three bullying's like the other
ones I haven't got the blue ones and
this color as well or one of the full
lengths but I just love this I got these
ones because I love them so much
yes please
this one's YUM no I'm gonna try it's a
Moscato it's super sweet it's just like
the week one the kids wine
I don't literally mean it's wine by the
way you can't tell two shots of vodka I
sometimes do actually make this with
vodka yeah but no not tonight
it's good have you seen ahead with it
goes like and I'm two shots of vodka
gpause and half he's look here I'm gonna
been the son I had the pill emoji on my
um camera now Hamish called me lame
there we go
worms and of course my camera is about
to die I'm gonna go put on charge I'll
let you guys know who wins it'll be
making why no I won't I want to destroy
you now just because so Hamish won twice
and I won once I was so close to winning
another time too but he did a really
good super sheet for not super shape
regular shape I got better chicken my
biggest pet peeve right there
Oh also do you love my rice to source
rate ratio don't even say that word
ratio
Hamish goes nuts over there he would
normally have so much more rice in this
hey guys sorry I haven't vlogged tonight
really we've just been watching TV again
just the same thing same as always there
watched some Made in Chelsea and stuff
so I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
and I'll see you tomorrow bye
