money everyone so today I'm off to get
my hair done it is 8:30 a.m. into the
gym I woke up like 20 minutes ago so I'm
just gonna make a quick breakfast
smoothie and then maybe it's like what a
little bit of makeup soda it looks so a
potato like in the hairdresser's cape
and then after that I'm gonna do editing
today and open some pure BOTS mail all
right let's give it a taste test oh my
god it's so good just gonna pop on some
makeup quickly
here's my before my roots are terrible
we're doing a full hit today because we
haven't done a full hit in a while all
my stuff after early looks so much
better it's not even drag it I got my
roots done here's how they look
all complete administrate my hair
anything it's just blow-dried they look
so much better so fresh nice this summer
and also with my hair salon if you
mentioned me if you mentioned shinnok so
when you're booked during December and
January they're gonna give you a free
little travel-size this is like gold
well so I guess there's a few different
kinds but yes if you want a little bonus
if you're looking to find a new hair
salon I love love love the place I go to
get my hair done joy does my hair and it
comes out really good every single time
so I like it this is not sponsored
look at this goober what are you doing
goober huh it Sheen your back Hey see
this is why I'm like I does miss so ugly
he's destroyed it but if the out feels
our bed if I got rid of it he loves it
don't you
it's your favorite I didn't even have
enough time to drink my smoothie this
morning look I'm so hungry
the time is now Oh 1:00 p.m.
I've got to do some ears have got it
yesterday's vlog and also I need to edit
something for next week and what am i
doing
kara remember I'm supposed to be doing
something else as well I'm sure it'll
come to me soon I have some leftover
pasta as well because I am starving I'm
always like twice its height when I'm on
their time of the month like I swear I
could eat like enough meals to feed like
a family of four I swear this big
package arrived for me and Hamish I'm
waiting for him to come into the kitchen
so we can open it together
you know I've no idea
nutrigrain I have a lily in my shirt so
cute actually he's not often very well
behaved when he sits up on my knee but
today's been quite good you can stay
here okay now I'm just gonna insert a
quick clip of a sponsored portion I've
done with why we they sent me a phone
the other day and I just a little like
clip showing you a couple of the
features so I hope you guys enjoy this
little clip if you're interested in
checking out the phone like Martha
speaks and stuff that didn't cover I'll
put a link down below too we can learn
more about the phone if you are
interested this was sent to me from
Wally this is how you spell it there but
I think it's pronounced wowie
it's the p8 phone if my little camera
here wants to friggin focus on it so
that's what it looks like it's super
thin haha that flattering angle dog it's
got the back camera and the front camera
I'm gonna charge this up a little bit
and then we will talk about a few other
features it's quite nice have any of you
guys tried this brand before let me know
they're just too many phone on I don't
even know what I'm doing yet because
this is literally like the first might
be either use this have you interested
in like the features and stuff I'll show
you a couple because obviously the
company did give me some information to
 with you guys oh hello you jealous
he's like where's my phone so if you're
a little bit exit and prone like I am
sometimes as you guys know her and you
crack your phone you can sign up online
to get a one-year free screen
replacement which is super cool what am
i doing okay also the camera is meant to
be amazing so this camera does have a 8
megapixel front camera obviously I'm
pointing away from me at the moment but
we'll see what it's like frontways in a
second so the front camera is 8
megapixel and then also the rear camera
has the world's first full color RGB W
13 megapixel imaging sensor so if you
love technology and stuff I'm sure
you'll know what that means basically
it's really really good it's also got
optical image stabilization and a DSLR
level independent image processor so as
you can see
they come real it's quite good actually
and then the front camera has a beauty
mode as you can see this is what I want
to check out I'm just reading off the
screen right here it says that you can
actually customize your camera to
highlight your most attractive features
and teach it to recognize your face
every single time you get in a frame
it's nuts how do I do this scatter your
photo with side photo by my side profile
alright let's have a play smoother look
I look like a dull huh so you can like
change it I see so you just drag them up
and down look you can enlarge your eyes
look how big my either this is so cool
you can thin your face and then I guess
you just took it when you're done hey
let me stop sulking I know it's a hard
life yeah alright also like it's a Louie
is also like a low light feature as well
so if you are taking photos in low light
the quality is still really good as I
mentioned is that I'm stabilized did
that come and talk image stabilizer
which basically means that if you're
like moving a little bit it'll just keep
the image really nice and crisp well so
how I said before the RGB W sin sir
basically it enhances the picture you
know like the brightness contrast there
you go this heaps of different stuff so
you can do like the car trails like
graffiti silky water and Star Trek oh
great
I'll have to test this out sometime
obviously it's quite bright outside
right now yeah let me know if you've
ever tried this brand of phone let me
know what your thoughts are I know
hamish got one as well he loves his so
far I haven't really had a look properly
as I said I only just turn this on I
don't even know what I'm doing right now
got heaps of apps and stuff as well you
can hook it up to let your Google and
everything i saw when i turn the actual
phone all it was like hook it up to your
Gmail or whatever that I have it done
all of it yeah yeah thank you so much
while you for sending me this I'll put
some information in the downbar if
you're interested in checking out some
more information about this phone okay
so I just finished editing two videos I
thought
I would open that summer my PO Box mail
because hips of you guys have been
saying they've sent me some stuff and
yeah I've got a lot of stuff here but
I'm quick story so you know last night
we got home and there was like rubbish
everywhere
turns out Lily
ripped open one of my packages from you
guys and I feel so bad feel terrible I'm
so sorry so open this one up first this
is from oh my goodness I am probably
gonna put your name and I apologize in
advance she's from Germany
her name is Vika I'm not even gonna
pronounce that you know you are thank
you so much for your package Louis did
rip into it but I think we caught him
Simmi in time he's still tons of stuff
in here so she sent me a note and said I
had to add this little piece of paper I
hope you enjoyed the chocolate nope
friggin loi try get in here again you
did this didn't you did you rip this
open I hope you enjoyed the chocolate
and the pups other snakes I think it C
is German chocolate only de him is
actually swedish though there's
something Swedish in here as well I'm so
sorry I cannot pronounce these words you
see me just like a bunch of little bits
and pieces let me know if you guys be
able to tried any of these things that
Louie didn't rip into something I don't
know if it was a dog treat or like jerky
or something but he got into there
likely he didn't go for the chocolate is
Ferreira at the top does that mean I'm
hazelnut or something I don't know if
that's completely off but she did eat
chocolate these must be the bathing
crystals they smell good we have to
figure it out it's not English these
things I'm gonna open one of these and
see what it is hazelnut I think LOI
no he wants this so bad it's like a
Nutella get careful something good so
thank you so much I'm sorry Louis into
it he must have been up to smell the
food and this is the rest of all of the
mail from you guys Louie is still very
interested you already ruined one
package you're not kind of removing the
wrist
little Zeus is being all cute to
look at your tail so fluffy okay so I'm
going to start with some of these livers
first and again I'll just read little
bits and pieces every now
again but only you guys know who's seen
each one so if you're waiting to see if
your letter reach me you will know oh
man I just like pulled open this
envelope it's really funny sorry this
living here is from someone from
Australia and I'm just about to read it
properly I've only read the first page
so far but there's a few pages here she
said that she's really worried that the
lid is lame and I promise you it's not
lame at all it's super super sweet I
hope I can meet you as well one day she
said sorry for the sparkles I love it
and even in the darkest of days you
bring me the brightest of life love you
again I love letters from Tanisha and
she said that she hasn't been following
me for long but she's been watching my
videos every single day and you do not
sound creepy hopefully I say your name
right I think her name's Leah and she's
seen me a sample of her favorite perfume
so I have to give it a smell this Nate's
letters from Sandy look at this kilo
drawing teacher look at sirs I love it
she said that she's part of everything
you related you see so many beautiful
ladies rocking their makeup thank you so
so so much field leader
I recognize your username thank you so
much I always see your tweets you're
super sweet and she said she wants to
hear me try and pronounce this sentence
I'm gonna butcher it I am absolutely
gonna butcher it and look at this as you
know Germany isn't an english-speaking
country I have to thank you again
because my English gets better and
better just by watching your videos
seriously I can't even tell the English
wasn't your first language you are
flawless
okay let's try and pronounce this I am a
Biden no way good at pronouncing words
and other languages as you guys know
dinky dink dink
that was so bad I'm so sorry thank you
for you later at least stop you have to
try out my new vacuum cleaner in a
moment okay carrying on I just had to
like change my battery because my
battery died don't eat the confetti you
are such a dick the splitting hairs from
Amber Jane and she sent me a bunch of
photos of her new pup look how cute
she's super pretty that looks really
delicious by the way look how cute
I am dying in this last photo look at
this so adorable thank you so much feel
they dad also I don't even know what to
say about what you've written to me I
just hope you're feeling okay today and
I'm so here I'm like so happy that my
videos can bring you a little bit of
happiness I feel like crying thank you
so much for the support you seem like
such a sweet person
this is beyond adorable did you hear
about Shane it's those two mil yeah I
did
Congrats on two million subscribers so
sweet Jemima thank you so much I love
your drawings I just think it's so cool
has so many people have so many
different ages watch my videos like some
of you guys that have written to me of
being like no 20s even thirties some of
you as young as like 10 9 will team it's
just like a little bit of everything
that's what I love about you guys like
it was just such a diverse group of
people so many different like countries
and ethnicities and ages just a little
bit I love all of you know so awesome
and I don't even know like every time I
read all these lives like it's so
emotional it's silly
like I start tearing up and I don't know
just can't believe how much support I
have but it's so different seeing like a
litter compared to just like a little
comment which is just like but yeah it's
a comment but when you have something
that someone's actually taken the time
to write and sing to you and you know
decorate and send you photos and
drawings let's just say out of this
world I can't even get over it the next
letter is from Renee and she said that
she loves to watch my videos and she
only found them when was it started the
year and she like loves watching them so
thank you so much for the support she
also asked where my painting thing in
the dining room and the one in my
bedroom her from the one in the dining
room is from typo here in New Zealand
you have an in Australia I think and
then the other one I got randomly off in
Zeid sale which there is also an old
sale I don't know who it's by or
anything I just randomly found it like
online but it is from LA and she also
sent me some photos of hip hop
look how freaking cute it's like a big
Lilly and she said that when she feels
sad she lets her spoon and paint her
nails like seriously I'm like obsessed
with you guys sending me photos see me
more photos by the way I am loving the
emojis this is so so
I'm so heavy I decide to procrastinate
during uni work late one night because
watching your videos has given me a new
perspective on life and has motivated me
to get things done instead of wasting
time waiting for the next moment in life
I guess that's what I wanted to write
and tell you because as a viewer it's
hard to be sure if your message gets
through on social media amongst all of
the other comments
that's so sweet I'm so happy there you
got that out of maybe goes like I don't
even realize like I don't I you know I
just started and understand how this
even happens but I'm just so thankful
that you guys find my videos helpful and
you enjoy them this next one is a
thank-you card with a photo on the
inside I wanted to thank you for making
your videos on 2005 and rating from
Canada I recently got married to my high
school sweetheart
congratulations I've included a picture
for my wedding day I love watching your
daily vlogs you can always make me laugh
please say hi to human being gives us
and Lily lots of love congratulations on
termly and subscribers and you so much
Tiffany your dress is amazing
this letter is from Leah and she is 9
congratulations on your 2 million I love
watching your vlogs as you're so
truthful review is my favorite youtuber
ever Louie and Zeus are so cute and you
have amazing skills makeup thank you so
much for your letter this is the
sweetest I love your little drawings the
next letter was from Tiffany and she
wrote me three pages about herself about
how she's had a really rough time just
with some like diseases she's been
fighting against like you I hope you're
doing okay I'm so glad that you enjoy
watching my videos your husband sounds
amazing I just don't even not to say I'm
wishing you the best thank you so much
for your support and just know that I'm
thinking about you and she said that she
has lost her hair and she wants a wig
that is 100% human here but they cost
like $1500 and she can't afford it and
she doesn't want to fundraise because
everyone is going through rough times
it's so heartbreaking if you do have
like any kind of give a little link or
anything feel free to tweet it to me so
I can retweet for you my heart is
breaking I'm sitting you virtual hugs
and you my love and still is Lilly
kisser give her a kiss someone's also
sent me clothing have no idea what this
is it's from a boutique they said that
they love my videos
they wanted to see me a playsuit thank
you so much I'm stuck something in a box
so this is from Lisa she sent me some
natural nail care products that she made
herself and she seen me really nice not
as well my goodness this news page has a
lot of stuff in here oh I just made a
really weird noise with my throat thank
you so much oh my good man someone is
excited look at that toe what's going on
oh my goodness
I remember you she has to be one of my
sweetest subscribers she was just such a
beautiful lovely person when I met her
she was just full of like positive
energy thank you so much look at that
I'm guessing these might be for you too
huh I'm just your regular Latin American
loud funny friendly crazy girl
I believe in enjoying life to the
fullest thank you so so much she does
not have to give me those gifts although
I will enjoy and I'm sure the dogs will
love those as well I know this is not
gonna be smart because I know he's just
going to be so noisy well I'm trying to
open the rest of my mail but he go you
go so what's this do you want this way
say thank you all right so here's the
litter that Louie pulled out of the big
package that had like the candy and
stuff in it I am obsessed look at all
these drugs how cool look Magic Bullet
brushes every Caddo Atos I love this one
the chicken and she asked a couple of
questions as well she has to I got the
watering thing for the dogs I got that
from a local pet store here in New
Zealand it's just like a dog water
fountain she asked what should I do if I
come to New Zealand definitely go to
Rotorua I wrote here are you a that's
how it's spelt there's so much fun stuff
to do there and in Taupo Queenstown is
amazing during the winter if you like
winter sports like skiing and
snowboarding and stuff like that mozilla
is just a beautiful place to come to
relax and just you know hang out
outdoors if you love just being outdoors
and you love hiking and just exploring
it's such a beautiful country I love it
here it's just so peaceful
people here are so friendly this next
card is from CNN thank you so much for
your little card she burnt me a little
poem guys look how cool this is
it's like a giant Kush there's a photo
of him the inside and this is from GA it
well thank you so much she said she
found me through Nicky's video I love
Nikki she's such a beautiful person and
she's so kind thank you so much for this
card and I'm so happy that you like my
videos this next I'm limits from Kayla
thank you so so much feel kindly there
then this is the last thing and you have
opened up upside down because I can't be
bothered getting the scissors oh my gosh
look so these from hi Shannon fists off
with huge fans we know how much you love
your vlog though nails to be filled with
emojis so we thought you might love
these emoji tip decals have funds to
come on your stuff thank you so much
guys if you guys have ever wondered what
I do with all of my mail from you guys I
put them in boxes this is my second box
because obviously I've got mail from
like over the years as well that all of
that it's packed away in storage at the
moment but I like to just have them
always in a box like at least some of my
letters just in a box near me so if I
ever have a bad day I can just come into
my room and like have a little read they
always cheer me up always always I loved
everything you so much for those litters
you guys are the sweetest I don't even
know how much longer I can keep up doing
this like pure box thing on camera
reading my letters because there's just
so many of them they just keep coming
and coming I can't even believe it I
don't know what I did to deserve this I
keep saying that but I'm serious like I
still gotta find someone to hang out
this one and this one if like put them
in the spare room so the dogs can't get
them
I started want to do with them yet it's
so pretty hey because you will rip it up
yeah how'd you go alright time to check
out this vacuum cleaner to get rid of
all of that confetti I know how to work
this I'm used a year
I am so evil
hey guys I'm just gonna say goodnight
now me and Hamish just been watching
cuts and recreations for like the last
arrow - he's gonna watch it for the race
tonight I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog and I'm cool - tomorrow
