hey why are you still in beard huh
hey no good morning good morning
everyone so the time is eight or nine
and I woke up like 40 minutes ago
something I've been lying in bed almost
social media and stuff and then I hit a
shower got dressed I'm not going to jump
link I'm off to get my blood test that I
went to do the other day so I'm gonna
hit off now and then come back home have
some kind of breakfast and I've got to
edit that video that I filmed it last
night and in some other videos as well
for a while I'm away at our half so yeah
that's the plan and then I've got to
film a couple videos but I probably
won't do that today maybe tomorrow I'll
see how I feel got a few ideas so that's
the plan at the moment this weekend I
don't think we have any plans which is
really nice
after being so busy like recently and
then obviously being in DD and
everything it's nice just to lightly
around go home a couple of times before
we get off obviously their house in the
next month so busy I'm gonna be
all over the place Australia
Christchurch going to hem nur light
we're going to heaps of different places
nice month sorry
they cost a point as well for Christmas
New Year's well not Christmas just New
Year's so yeah I'm pretty hectic I'm
just looking forward to this weekend
just to like relax and be lazy alright
so if I go there to get my blood tastes
done the lights on by the way my top is
from pega Murray it's really nice it's
like it's longer on each side I really
really like it's so comfortable
all Hamish made me choose look lemon
juice and green juice I'll probably have
that when I get back just because if I
try to eat all slice drinking anything
at the my marrow feel sick yes I just
got my blood tastes
all done I'm came with me because I'm at
work how many do they take four four by
two big into smaller and and I cried but
I that's alright
it's like someone was asking again like
I've said this in my vlogs before but I
thought I'd do it again because I
probably have a new new viewers by now
but someone said why are you so awful
with blood tears that you're not awful
with like tattoos and it's pretty much
because with injections and blood tests
and things I can actually feel the fluid
sloshing around my veins like it sounds
really gross but I don't know I hope
some of you guys will know what I mean
whereas with a tattoo it's like pricking
me like it's just like little sword dots
you know it's not like sucking stuff out
of my veins or like pushing it in like
it's not so much the pain of the needle
which does suck it's like thats tip
straight after there you can just feel
it all like it makes me feel so sick and
i like makes me cry okay I'm gonna go
back home and start a tank there's a
breakfast right I'm home I'm hurts a bit
so stinky but it's okay so I'm just
gonna hook my chair set how many before
delicious lemon juice and green dirt
what have you got sighs what's it all
right let's get this green juice at Ace
super ko tasting this time so the time
is now 11:30 and I have almost finished
my nighttime routine video finished
using it
sorry this is barking at something
outside it's not in there anyway um just
got to do the voice-over now so that it
probably take me like another half hour
or so and then it at some other videos
but I thought I would just make up some
lunch I'm getting hungry because I it
was a choice for breakfast some like
cream in comfort food so I'm gonna make
some pasta I'm gonna put those tofu
sauce sausages and this sore and I'm
gonna bake them in the oven
Sears 25 minutes and then I don't know
what kind of pasta I'm gonna make just
like that the peckers just arrived
designer brands huge desire brand
pellets have you covered this Christmas
I'm totally that looks just like the
cable MD one I told you I do this every
friggin single time I open a new palette
I just dinged it with my nail again but
let's just see what the pigmentations
like in a few of the shades alright I'll
be honest it doesn't look that bright
but hey it might be different once we
actually wear it so Oh dip a leak of it
a go and see if it's any good alright so
I'm just going to put in some of this
whole milk in a pasta I never know how
much to put in
oh okay that's way too much ex-coach all
the sausages because then i will be able
to like have them as leftovers so those
are all done and made my pastor and I'm
gonna put in some of this sweet basil in
tomato pasta sauce having some some not
sunflower seeds pumpkin seeds as well
and I'm gonna put on some black olives
so here's lunch I'm gonna go put my
battery on charge now because it's
blinking at me and I'm gonna go finish
it in my video and I'll talk to you guys
in a bit well it took me way longer than
I thought
I thought that way so it took me no time
at all but it took me like a long time
it's now in 30 I only just hit export
so that was exhausting I just could not
get my words straight and I just keep
screwing it up but it's okay it's
finally done so I'm going to export that
which it's doing now and I'm gonna
upload it it at the description I'm
gonna eat it tomorrow's video that's
going up and then I'm going to eat it
another video for a while I'm at a house
on top of things feeling good turn it
out for a walk
turn here for a walk go for a walk they
know you really with your color lose
your color
what you finally saw just doesn't like
to know how he's the biggest bitch about
having a bath and yet he'll like heavily
jump in the river oh thank you
he's tired little sausage just
everything yesterday's vlog look someone
is tired
did you have a good walk huh did you
have a good walk he saw a rabbit look
here and he tried to chase it but he was
on the other side of the fence
naughty boy it was pretty quick bo wait
here he's all dry now
oh no he gave me an electric shock I'm
late yeah I made me some crackers and
Louise like falling asleep but you still
try like stay awake so we can eat the
crackers and the May when I've just
shaved my legs what is he doing really
weird
which treat do you want is this one what
is this one you're very polite you want
that one yeah
I don't think your mind he just wants
anything out apps set apps apps sit
hello we can't have one of them because
it has favorite abscess apps get out
thank you
and he's off yeah what you've really got
one alright so I just got changed or
zoom out up in a sec I'm just glad Chuck
on some minimal makeup we're going to
the movies I don't know if I told you I
don't think I did going to the movies
tonight we're gonna see the next Hunger
Games I think it is I'm so out of it
right now it's my first day of my time
of the month and I've got the worst
headache right now but we bought our
tickets yesterday so I can't back out
now
but like I don't know do any of you guys
get like real bad headaches on the day
like the first day you get your time
with a long pitch so so I took
painkillers before like half now for but
it's not helping at all
hopefully I feel better soon
all right so all my lips is a cure soft
matte lip cream by NYX mixed with
Austral showstopper the pink one my
highlighter is champagne pop is that
Bobby Brown bronzer and then the Mac
extra dimension and shaft of gold I
thought I've been to my brows the tartes
Amazonian clay and taupe time to get
going I'll show you my outfit I'm just
gonna wear some little black booties but
these jeans are from misguided they're
just like fake Lee the looking ones and
then this t-shirt is from Tiger mist and
I just kind of got these are like
high-waisted but I've got my day one
period bloodying like super pregnant
looking stomach going right now I'm not
even going to show you and then this is
from Thomas this is from Sue pray know
we just go back well we're driving home
in the moment we just been sold the last
one the last Hunger Games
hamish Lord was pretty good I thought it
was pretty rubbish about it I'm like
really really really tired and he had a
key so maybe I just didn't understand it
probably about it was just very vague
and I felt like I was very rushed and
it's definitely like obviously you
should watch it like if you're keeping
out with all of them but I just feel
like it's not like the first two movies
were amazing and the third one was like
bad in my opinion and then that one I
was expecting to be really good but it
was just like okay still with the watch
I guess but
maybe I'm popular opinion I don't know
if you guys have seen it you should let
me know what you fold a bed so yeah
we're just hitting home now I hope you
guys enjoy today's lucky and I'll talk
to you tomorrow good night
you happy to see me did you get in the
bin who got in the bin
was it you
