good morning everyone it's still morning
it's 10:48 a.m. I have not forgotten to
vlog today although I did forget to vlog
last night
like say good night to you guys Fleury
but yeah today I got up at 7 and went
straight to the gym for an hour got back
washed my hair had a shower filmed so
today I filmed my full face of high
rated Sephora makeup so like top-rated
Sephora makeup by customers in reviews
so this is how it all came out there
were definitely some fails and
definitely some like new amazing
products so I don't know when this video
will be up but anyway and then up my
lashes are at Sunda lashes bite so
beauty they are super fluffy super full
and they're kind of like a kid I shave
that make sensor I'm pretty stick these
oh my gosh I am it so hungry I'm gonna
film it one more video and then have
some lunch cuz yeah my stomach is
growling at me I just say I love this
blush palette this is in the video I
mean its by Vizia it's the road Korpela
and I'm wearing it that like kind of
orangey color and look how pretty that
is I'm so obsessed with it so I'm so so
happy so yeah that's how my makeup came
out today today I'm just filming and
editing so pretty standard day and
cooking later so you know as always my
vlogs gonna be mostly cooking and I also
want to open up some apostles to let you
do a little bubs
he looks so like CBF today look at that
face he's just like oh Tuesdays today I
eat this YUM
okay Kate some one of the chocolate
products I like cuz they're not too
chocolatey
like it's got the wafer I refused to eat
it the way they patient's do by the way
look guys marble brushes
I'm just make me some eggs for lunch cuz
I'm so hungry aside or at my price
Terrigal my top I just took selfies in
it
I meant so sick but once it I was just
doing along you couldn't hear that
so every brush is unique the way it's
made the modeling on every brush is
different so pretty
we're going out for dinner even though I
said we were gonna eat healthy this week
and cook healthy meals I don't care
Jake's you say there I did say that
would you make such a pearl just go back
to that tomorrow
I cooked lunch I was getting cabin fever
say are we getting out for dinner no
we're going for sure but I'll show you
in a moment
make sure it's kind of day see ya yes
what is it again famous just go here cut
today so we got some entree things to
share and I got pastor and Hamish got
what sure the short rib and onion ring
that's at their picton but man it's so
good
cheese balls in air mommy yes mushrooms
Hamish Hysterium V of mine it looks kind
of like the one it up what's a cool
mirror onion rings and chips in mesh I'm
so excited this looks amazing we did not
need the sides too much for Hamish help
Hamish is in the toilet so Wiley is in
the toilet I'm gonna buy Christmas
decorations so it can't tell me off $6 I
just got home excited oh my god
hey nice pointed yes so excited I hear
ya
we got luck we they tell you you're so
happy
look how hippy you were so happy I'll
thank you is that hi-hi gentleman okay
if we're watching ninja wait what's it
called we're in Jeff American what what
is that thanks Australian Australian
Australian ninja warrior look at Lily
got you pinned who wants to play with it
we've got heaps and packages I just
don't feel like doing a PR holding any
time soon so I'm just doing this in my
blogs instead and some of it is gifts so
I don't know what should like watch his
guests so if I don't show something
that's why because I don't want my
family members to see it I'm like really
intrigued as to what this is did you say
this arrived today I wish they're like
Barry stuff I'm like what is that no
idea though he's excited though hey yeh
I still got to do the pit way unboxing
with him hit some stage maybe I'll do
that like next week or so because I've
got a few more things to do this week
fake so beauty and stuff so I'm quite
busy this week I'm so looking forward to
it
look at you wrinkly Nick Woody's dish so
from one set I got the skirt if it wants
to focus just like an SN
trick like the design there we go let me
kick it off place and so does that just
goes like straight across there if you
can see it's just a plain little odd or
is it right there no baby ninja war yes
okay these are some iconic Evo brushes I
really like the handle and this it's
like nice packaging
no no so this is like a little teardrop
shape it's quite soft very dense and
then this one's like a longer teardrop
shape and then if this one is a giant
oval Oh was it making you sneeze no no
no no no no no no no yes my restock
arrived my favorite skincare Danish skin
care I love this stuff so freaking much
oh my god as well and truly stopped me
oh this is my favorite that's right here
cleanser and this what is this even
called smooth skin treatment I just
actually put it on my face just now I
haven't washed rice yet in case I got a
new moisturizer to try out today but
yeah just washed my skin and used that
smooth skin treatment look how nice and
glowing my skin is okay so in the big
box with the like bettery sign on it so
brown Avene full look at this box eyes
and there's no pecking whatsoever
well done Apple but anyway the keyboard
and cables connect again this is what we
bought with the computer that's talking
about yesterday but obviously the
computers going to take a couple weeks
get made to speak and everything so they
sent this like this their noise made you
know how much this stuff costs and they
don't even package it properly and this
giant box to like it's so unnecessary
anyway oh my goodness even more stuff I
go through these little treble packs so
quickly because I take them with me
every time I travel like whether it's up
to Oakland or overseas so they will kind
of so handy the lip balm
really good too and I have not seen this
before body treat amazing body treatment
for dry feet hands elbows red bumps on
arms chest a bit oh my god I get those
red bumps all the time
oh my gosh I'm so excited to try this
I'll have to keep you guys updated if it
works out for me or not I just put on my
arm and it looks really nice and glowy
I'm Wester eyes it feels nice and
moisturizing it's really lightweight why
are you so invasive
I bought them that in Hong Kong when I
had my stopover with Michaela from
Germany when we're coming bittamusin
feel like you any loves if you couldn't
tell your panda ready okay next up is
some stuff from with Whitten wild liquid
it kicks it in full of focus so I'm
getting yeah these the look with it
ketsu I think the liquid lipsticks so
there is a peachy shade a movie shade a
ridge and another Ridge just different
rates like a pinky region original
viously in this lighting it's a little
bit hard to see and then I'm so gonna
try some of the stuff and some first
impressions some foundation too and they
sent me heaps of shades so hopefully at
least one of the bitches may I'm sure it
will I haven't tried this foundation
before I haven't heard anything about it
but I love lots of wind wild products me
excited to give it a go we like a
come on oh oh last chick just bailed on
that one like right at the beginning so
sad bro dick dick yeah bring out home
I wanted me to do it so bad come on come
on this is where the other person got
out too far out it's just stressful this
is where the next sorry I think don't
hold on here my it was plain he's strong
hands oh yeah he's fine
yeah why is he tangled he's just using
his leave cheese lady first check
clearly hasn't seen another compute
throw come on you can do it that looks
rough answer oh my god this doesn't
change to change that's worthless bed
hurt measure if you've had pinky stuck
in there oh let's guys a base nice well
does they better make it up here after
all of us
they look ruthless on his hands all
right oh my god this looks stressful
please yes three minutes so the next
package to face was so nice they suit me
some more bonus wasting powder how
lovely I love this stuff this was in my
favorites video oh my gosh they didn't
just see me one I thought they just sent
one okay - sorry okay nice oh I got this
IG k friends-with-benefits it comes with
a leave-in conditioner anti frizz and I
can't see the other - let's say - want
cleansing a conditioner what was it like
a shampoo and conditioner do you mind um
and a volumizing texture spray
why are you so excited it's so weird
so thank you IG k Louie enjoys this this
is packaged super jump this is Paige
super cute from the bomb do you love it
you helping hopefully you listen Daisy
Esther when we did the dog toy video
so enthusiastic oh look the bomb is now
available farmers it is not a dog toy
he thinks it's a dog toy so cool it in
Palmerston off move trying to read yet
is passed off to Wow
special so it hits the stuff here I
think already own most of this so we
have to do some giveaways if you don't
mind having Louie's snot on it this is
the bomb of your hand we've got the meet
met whose minis we've got the trio which
I think this is the one I took away with
me yeah bronzer and blush I think that's
when I took away with me to Germany and
I really like the colors smoke bomb
pellets yeah all in something in here
Oh mascara as well so thank you so much
the bomb that's really exciting you guys
been wanting to pick up the bomb make
sure you got you found this okay Nick
don't we have it summit Scandinavia
which I love we've got the oil control
finishing spray and we have a mini
poster make a recovery spray and there's
more in there - yeah you guys know how
much I love sitting spray and I love
skin to navy I have shown this in my
videos in the past and I believe they
also make the urban decay one which I
use all the time as well like it's the
same kind of thing so there's so much
more down there - yeah next up is some
stuff from wet and wild rainbow
highlighter and a couple of more like
you know social highlighters lipsticks
and loose pigments and a brush think
swim wild oh my gosh I'm excited for
these ones I'm kind of over these to be
honest but I'm excited for them all not
a concealer so I love it indicating
naked concealer like you guys know so
this is a new concealer I haven't even
heard anything about this but I'm so
pumped yes yes yes yes yes this is what
the packaging looks like
alright looks really cool looks like the
foundation I did a review on the
foundation I think I liked it a lot
I don't really used it since so I
believe it like oxidized quite funny so
I need is getting your shade or
something like that I don't know you
guys can check out my first impression
it's all my channel somewhere but yeah
I'm excited this is gonna be a show
up on the beach a color pop goes to
Sephora yay oh my gosh and it's still
quite cheap okay I'm gonna open this up
at a later date but you guys thought it
was on the list just because this is
gonna go everywhere and there's so much
stuff in here
so keep an eye out for more color puff
my tutorials you guys know I've been
loving it the ice show pellets lately
new so we've some Charlotte Tilbury this
I pellet came in it's got my initials on
it so special
oh there's my bit because turning I
really like Charlotte Tilbury eye shows
they remind me of at Tom Ford ones and
then they sent me a eye smudger brush
and I blend a brush and a rockin Kohl
iconic liquid I think though my side in
a full fit lashes mascara which I raved
about ages ago I don't know if you guys
remember but I had one of these and I
loved it to death in a dried out
eventually obviously so I got rid of it
but I've been mean you see another one I
actually kind of forgot until I got this
so I'm stoked
I loved this and then also I got this
Hollywood at beauty secrets sit that's
available at Charlotte Tilbury calm came
where complexion at brush Beauty light
ones contour want and the what is this
Mac onto a liquid lipstick and so see it
oh my gosh I needed you like a this one
to my PO Box but I usually like a first
impression / full face Charlotte to
agree or something like that I suppose
climber allergic one it was stunning and
I just love Charlotte Tilbury products
like I'd say like 90% of the stuff I've
loved there's a couple things I've tried
that I haven't been a fan of oh look
Hugo edition hope you enjoy this
products from Charlotte Tilbury is new
Hollywood collection thank you so much
teleMed there's only been like a couple
of things which is not better when I was
more like skincare rather than the
actual makeup products I got sent some
more winky like stuff
Shannon we were absolutely fangirling
when you saw us unbox your products it
closes our newest Palli and some other
new launches thank you so much I want to
do a first impression like again full
face first impression trying out new
products oh my God look at those colors
that packaging is bloody amazing like
this brand has the best package you have
ever seen my life I need your first
impression on hips this stuff cuz I've
got heaps of it now look at that oh my
god it's like you my die I'm gonna die
i'ma die do you love it yeah and last
but not least is a gift to my P o box
from Juliet Davies thank you so much
she designed this cooler airs like brush
holder and phone holder I'm for what
does it say for her major design project
so cool so creative so you can use it to
watch tutorials while you do your makeup
and it can be used for holding
stationery or other accessories like
makeup brushes maybe I look good
lipsticks or something let's fill up so
here it is right here there's so
creative so congratulations that is such
a cool idea hope your business goes well
so once again if you want to google it
guys to pick one up there you go
aesthetic studio co on etsy we're all
done you said it's okay
watching stranger things now we just
watched some what was it cause I always
forget the name of it
Riverdale yeah I don't like how they're
releasing it slowly anyway just going to
do one of these and they need to be it
after that just cuz Mexicans feeling a
little bit dehydrated at the moment so
sheet mask will do well I just put all
my Clinique
moisturizer I've been raving about
lately right now do the mask by S&P
gentle girl so your lost sheep mask
hey what's up
Hamish it's also dunno I don't know what
this angle is feels nice much better
okay I'm gonna sleep now good night I've
got the dentist tomorrow by the way so
I'll see you there
