everyone's I mean Haman's just got back
from the gym today for breakfast I'm
gonna have a juice in some cereal
because I feel like having cereal muesli
or whatever I'm gonna have that a little
bit granola it may be some banana as
well hey miss you're hungry sweetie
really I can tell so I've got my cereal
I'm in milk banana that's a whole banana
and some coconut sugar and then those
Jews which Hamish Sid is really really
really gross so I'm really looking
forward to that so try it on camera
disgusting how bad this doesn't smell
bad duty and it's chunky chunky well may
be able to transform one that's
separated overnight yep that was a chunk
look at your son take bigger steps that
was a big step it's not that bad it's
just the texture my must have been all
the chunky I'm pretty sure I had a lot
of it online don't call it here to this
first room Shannon been controlling you
need Anjos a cherry blossom trees ugly
again what's this ah what do you mean ah
nuts my plan today alright so I finally
gotten ready I've done my hair so I've
done this like done a thing because my
hair is not cooperating so I'm gonna do
some kind of bright ish makeup tutorial
today because I wanted to start the
colors on my new camera so we'll see how
good it is anyways I'm just gonna film
it I'll probably just do it in a
voiceover format so I can listen to
music and stuff I feel like listening to
music today and then this option I'm
gonna clean and then film a like
nighttime routine and read it with me
kind of video I finished filming now so
I did this really cool like green look
it's like super bright and I don't know
I really really liked it I was just
wanting to do something colorful to test
out my new camera so I did take some
photos on it but the time is now 1:30
that took me so long to do my makeup
today because I was just one of those
days where I keep messing up and like oh
yeah I took some photos on my new camera
and hopefully they come out good I'm
gonna put mine on Instagram soon if it's
good yeah as I was saying it's 1:30 so I
want to go have some lunch cuz I'm
hungry so here's my lazy at lunch I'm
hitting a pickle it's that Piccadilly
pickle kale and tomato something about
on bread like sandwich
I have never had kale in a sandwich so
hopefully it tastes good I just wiped
off my lipsticks eye candy by the way if
you wondering where it went
but I just wanted to say you guys know
how on face but you get those like
notifications that like pop up after
like a year or two years or whatever
whatever like the memories thing my mum
just shed hers and three years ago today
Zeus came back home from being at the
vet
because I don't know if you guys have
been watch like some of you may have
watched me for a really really long time
but three years ago so it's just got
home like as soon as I got those I had
him for about a day and a half and then
he was diagnosed with parvo which is
like a deadly virus and Alvia literally
thought he was a goner like obviously I
you know put him in the vet because I
wanted him to survive I wasn't just
gonna give up and put him down
straightaway it costs so much money but
every cent was 100% worth it and like it
was just like pretty much America like
he was literally skin the skin of morons
he weighed I think 300 grams while he
was sick he wasn't eating or drinking
and we went in for him and then he got
bitter so yeah three years ago today sue
survived
so is there such a fitting name for him
he's such a strong little pup but I
thought that was a cool memory I'm so so
glad the eople derp what would I do
without my little Zeus I'll show you the
photo look how cute he is that's where
the little drip was and his little um
he's so tiny here like you cannot even
tell from the photo how tiny he was he
was so small I'm probably gonna drop the
sandwich everywhere I think I like how
bitter and sandwiches and stuff rather
than in my smoothies so it's caught us a
for now and I just finished is he still
a daily vlog and now I'm going to tidy
up a bit because as I said tonight I'm
filming a key I'm really with my video
so I need to make sure the bathroom
bedroom and kitchen and everything is
nice and tidy it got gunk on my content
I cannot see I've also got a bunch of
man I've got some yesterday but I just
didn't have time to open it up because I
was like filming with Hamish and stuff
yesterday afternoon so we're gonna up
some mail I think my stuff it's just
like clothing like a cute Louie is right
now look at his ear hey what are you
doing look at will this forgeting dog
fur you guys have ruined my furniture
yes so yeah some mail with us turned out
really nice today so the first thing in
my little gift sorry if my music so bit
loud I'm just like cleaning you know I
like to listen to hug me is it while I'm
cleaning you quickly you can hear me the
first PR package is from this brand here
called
nu mu nu mu I don't know this is an SPF
of 40 sunscreen the perfect feel handbag
it isn't like all these other little
handbag essentials too which is a really
huge idea for like a PR package I got
sent some new Daniel Wellington watches
I'm so excited about these this is one
of my favorite watch brands some of you
may not already have a couple of them
you see me three I'm so freakin lucky
and i will be doing some posts on these
with pretty sure i've a discount code
but just keep an eye out on my instagram
and stuff i think i might do one on my
main channel too so just keep an eye out
I also got a package from new me and
then the ionic here dry as well sorry
I'm just gonna reshow this just in case
I showed my dress just thin this is the
history and also got a little killer as
well now got some stuff from Tiger
missed boohoo misguided and show / I
bought all of this myself I went on a
bit of a clothing binge because I'm
trying to find something to wear for our
house next week look how cute this tiger
miss bag is my stuff came in it so cool
to be quite honest I cannot be bothered
by going through all these clothing I
mean all this clothing I'm just gonna
put a little this way holy crap it's
just gotten so hot outside I'm like
sweating oh my god this just arrived as
cream cost it I think it's called by lip
land cement there's lipstick it's not
focusing I'm gonna put it on right now
so here's how it looks on me it's like a
muted kind of like pinky nude color it's
really pretty I like it alright so I've
done most of the dishes now I'm just
going to wipe down all the bin cheese
and then that's the kitchenette done
alright so i'm midway through cleaning
my bedroom so it looks tidy for in the
nighttime routine video done the
bathroom done the kitchen so I'm gonna
stop filming that video now and then
wild dinner is cooking I'm going to
clean out my room I'm so exhausted it's
freaking like literally this morning it
was kind of cold and it just got hotter
and hotter and hotter I feel like it's
hotter right now at 5:30 at night
than it was earlier which I'm pretty
sure I just didn't be anyway so I'm
staying true to myself I'm wearing my
pyjama pants in my gait I'm ready with
me kind of video because let's be honest
basically every single day I live in my
pajama pants I might put on like a cute
necklace or something so I am mid
filming making up a salad and my crew my
light roast camera stuff camera thingy I
figured this was a good meal to do
because this is what I get the most
requests will not request but like the
most questions on like how to make those
Crimmins and then I'm making that
chickpea pumpkin fritter sell it from
the other night because heaps of people
really really like the look of that so
hopefully people on my main channel like
it as well now I'm just gonna go finish
cleaning up my bedroom so that we can
film that part once we've had dinner so
here's the before I've cleaned up part
of this room and hema shopped a little
bit but yeah still got heaps of stuff
down here from when I arrived back from
Tahiti and everything
you
all right so we've now filmed the
cooking portion and the eating portion
of my video we're still waiting at the
moment but I'm not filming right now so
here's how dinner turned out so
delicious what do you think Hamish mmm
good it's really good so yeah next up
I've got to do like my face washing like
my routine you know I'm gonna also do
like a face mask and stuff and just show
what my routine is when I want to have
like a really really really deep clean
pampering kind of face wash match if
that makes any sense at all I know it's
like these videos are so hard to film
and then after that I'm gonna do just
like what we do it in that time
activities activities like watching TV
and stuff but yeah and then I'm done so
I've got to my son right now
and I'm just like finishing off this
video
he was just filming right now look
seriously this camera is the bomb you
just like wisely like there's an app and
then you hook up wirelessly can then
transfer them I'm so stoked
seriously the quality of this is amazing
if you haven't seen the photos go to my
Instagram I posted a picture it just so
good and someone was asking me how much
this cost it was about I think it
might've even $1,099 so differently very
expensive but if you're serious about
good photos it is very good I can't
speak about the like filming function I
mean if you're looking to do YouTube and
stuff I'd probably still recommend
something like the 60 day or so many day
just because like just from the little
play around I heard it was definitely
like not great at filming also this
wasn't very good in low-light situations
the camera I'm vlogging on right now
which is the powershot g7x by Kenan it's
much better in low light situations but
it but this one's really good in the
flesh is so nice like it doesn't wash
you out it's really good for photos and
the colors are so nice and vibrant
without any editing like all of these
photos I'll show you one stick in like a
little got to stay on this camera but
without any editing like the colors are
so nice and vibrant look at my eye
makeup
love it I almost forgot say good night
because I was filming that other video
and nothing getting so confused of like
what to film when but anyways I think
that video will be up in the next week
or so like a couple weeks or something
I'm not too sure I'm really died about
the asleep we changed our bed spread the
speed spread is from Briscoes if
anyone's wondering last my head on the
bed heaps of people were asking so yeah
it's really cheap but it's really
annoying because that I'm due date and
always like flops around inside of it
and it never stays put if anyone has any
like a life hacks to stop day from
happening
hook me up okay because there's like my
biggest pet peeve anyways I will Twitter
you guys tour
