good morning sirs good morning I love
you and you wanting everyone so if you
can hear how much blogging in the
background here's why at the moment as
well but we just got back from the gym
make it smoothie for breakfast and then
I need to shower and then I've got a
blood test I don't know if you guys
remember but I went to the doctor like
how long ago like a month and a half ago
probably something like that I'm
terrible I've been putting it off
because I'm scared I'm so gonna go get
my blood tears finally my mom is getting
one at the same time so they're going to
get that and then I've got another
appointment with something else that's
just like personal stuff I think me and
my mom are gonna go get some salad for
lunch from the cellar place and family
which I've been meaning to go fever
greenhouse you guys may know of it so I
think we're gonna go there and get a
salad and then I'm gonna come home
what y'all bring you something I think
I'm going to just an editing
you
kamesh many winners limo
so good
this must quite strong I put in a bitch
mesh coffee alright I'm running a little
bit
running a little bit late um I have
about four minutes to get going so I
just thought I'd update you quickly so I
am now off to my appointment and then we
gonna go get the blood test it's checked
on some makeup I used the lower miss um
it highlight a little bit of Giorgio
Armani Foundation a lipstick by
collection New Zealand Ramon curling
mascara when I use the other day in that
tutorial around plumper and Charlotte
Tilbury powder that's what got on so I'm
with mom again
mum appear and we're off to you have
like this we just had our appointment so
that went well and yeah and then we're
gonna go get some salad and Hamish wants
me to get him some salad so I better not
forget that well so me and my mom are
going over to the Gold Coast when does
it end of January and we're getting our
eyebrows tattooed on
by Sabina some of you may have heard of
her I've been falling a few years Oh
cops what's happened they caught the
pulley just saw me fill me though shut
it off
wonder why oh this hates the cops down
there oh yeah look that's a big area
hole a the shuttle flight the entire
friggin squid
there's nothing this been swimming crazy
things happening around the boat lately
you never know uh anyway so yeah you
might have may have heard of makeup is
it makeup art by Sabine I think I'll put
a link down below if you're interested
in any of her work she's been nominal
she is by far the best just obviously
haven't actually had it done yet but
just looking at a picture she's
definitely like the best I've seen out
of anyone that does like cosmetic
tattooing so we are so excited about it
and I think Brittany slaughters go has
done their - and they looked amazing so
yeah anyways I just thought I'd mention
X I'm so excited about it we just booked
us okay it's like the other day and I
forgot to tell you guys so yeah and
we're gonna go stains ly I'm sure you
guys know by now because she's been in a
few videos so I'm excited even though
it's a couple months away something to
look for - oh my god I was pulling up at
the bloody place now so many solo annoys
me and mom sort of realized that I had
to go in between eight and nine thirty
so I couldn't get it done because I'm
getting tested first which one did she
say had to be early it was like the
cortisol or something I don't know
so I'm got hers done fine and then I
went to sit down and she's like I know
you've met to be coming in magically the
next piece the time is now almost 12
o'clock like you know I was so like not
prepared it's bad so annoyed never
worried for another day but anyways
we're gonna get you some food now hello
I'm so weird white wouldn't even might
realize we just thought it was just like
oh and many of you want and this is just
been sitting in my mom's like glove box
by ages oh so it's still worn at all I
don't even know where I'm pointing there
we go and I just looked on stuff and it
says central city's cleared because
suspicious packages were left in winds
which is like what does winds like
social wealthy like welfare yeah like
yeah
yeah anyways yeah welfare payments in
stuff like government building and it's
a possible bomb threat sir they lived at
10:15 it's an hour and a half ago a
disgruntled man who had previously made
threats at the office bomb disposal unit
has been called in scary
should we be around here I always think
like like I know it's really scary but
at the same time I get like I'm always
calling now they wouldn't even happen
you know bad attitude because you don't
know because you think that about like
hairs and stuff to your honor
that won't happen here you just kind of
like live in denial and like that's how
you kind of get by in life is just by
thinking not we've all I'm safe country
don't you it's like when you drive you
always think I'm a crash it's fine
there's little ways if you thought I'm
gonna hurt Christine
these two look good I love chickpeas
this one Haymitch you like that
so we got our salad so we're now it's
gonna go to happy Norman because Hamish
has requested a little mini vacuum so
we're gonna see if we can find one plus
I want to see if they have cameras I've
been researching all morning about good
makeup cameras and Samantha and Izzy
both use the same one I tweeted I'm
dizzy mm I was stalking Samantha on
Instagram so hopefully I can find that
one otherwise I'll order it online mums
my slave I just got my vacuum cleaner
for the dogs I'll show you what it is
later no she's not using it Hamish can
use it man and then I also found the
camera yeah so try that out later as
well if Samantha uses it and it dizzy
uses it must be good doesn't even really
do that much research I was like they've
got it I got it
this is my I got Hamish it was like a
beef one broccoli one and a beetroot one
is your favorite I thought you'd like
that
that's my only one and then I got the
same the beetroot one and then I got a
chickpea and bean and then that left
ones like a pesto pasta with spinach and
sun-dried tomatoes so hopefully it's
good all right I'm gonna try a Misha's
favorite fist this is good
it's could've been a great to know
something yes this one's chickpea that's
my favorite so far
and then the past one's always gonna be
good mm-hmm it's called the green house
and it's like just down from the Plaza
entrance on the Swift and they also had
I had a um green juice it was just like
the green juice I had like kale celery
other green stuff and it was really good
as well this is so good Hamish is
examining my new camera do you approve
so far even though you even like played
with that hopefully my pictures come out
and mazing so now I'm back to editing
I've got this video you know this is my
daily vlog and I've got a couple of
other videos I should be editing as well
so Hamish and I are doing another
episode of until dawn for his channel so
when it's up I will let you guys know so
you can go watch sure if you want to if
this games really really fun we haven't
played in ages because we haven't had
time Hamish is being so annoying I'm
being the beast I am known as you're so
annoying
I'm just an inception annoyed just get
annoyed by everything and then your
boyfriend decides to just piss you off
and then I guess
Shannon said it was my name Shannon
Shannon Shannon what's in my name do you
know how annoying it is leagues on man
he's all hot let's get off me
someone caught you controlling in my
blog today really yeah like no offense
but your boyfriend's very controlling
yeah hey mister stop being so
controlling over like Shannon do this do
that
hamish go give me a water when I tell
you that like wash off the chopping
board when you're done with it yes maybe
it becomes yeah there was way like you
crossed the line Haman yeah reminds me I
have to actually tidy out tomorrow cuz
I'm gonna film a nighttime routine video
again yeah hey we're just gonna help
sabe you know soliton way and I just
want to relax
anyway I'm gonna say goodnight now I
don't even know what the time is
I don't even know what I'm doing with my
life but I'll talk to you guys tomorrow
what summers it's controlling time
