good morning everyone so it is Sunday
and today me and Hamish gonna go print
out some photos I just want what else I
don't know what I was gonna do we were
going to be going on a nice big walk
today through the gorge but the
weather's not that great it's very windy
cold and cloudy and it was raining
earlier so I guess we'll just see how it
goes throughout the day um but yeah I
think may need to print out photos off
my phone for a really long time I
thought so me I meant on the minute
about a year so we're gonna go print elf
a few hundred needless to say I've got
like thousands and thousands of photos
on my phone I just like to print them
just so I have like a hard copy because
you never know what's gonna happen to
like phone like digital stuff you know
so I just like printing off all my
memories and photos with friends and the
dogs and Hamish and stuff so yeah that's
the only plan we've got so far I'm
really craving sushi as well so I'm
gonna get some the my members gonna put
on a little bit of makeup because I
don't know after hitting like a wake in
Thai that's gonna say Thailand for some
reason and Tahiti I just missed wearing
makeup so much and I'm just being like
so inspired to like slide everything on
my face at once
this is my makeup and if you're
wondering what I did on my lips hold on
interest from my finder here it is this
is the color drama Maybelline lip pencil
in minimalist with pure Hollywood - I
believe it was on top hamish requested
glittery in accordance today I've done
that and yeah that's my makeup copy ball
the joint my hand so I put a gesture
let me see if I know something right so
my hair is just in a bun this dress
thing is from morale I think I don't
even know how you're on set I bought it
when I was in Wellington with Danny and
Sally and then this little jumper thing
as forms to pray I like it in my shoes I
comes and then this belt I don't even
know where that's from
I am absolutely starving I really like
my makeup today
what just wait until I'm done what I'm
not going anywhere
Hamish is editing trying to eat grumpy
what I just want to do this is darling I
want him to take us out with me it's
like that yeah but they let's go hungry
I finally forced him into taking a
selfie with me my hair looks really
really weird but Yolo so we just
finished we were literally there for
like almost an hour and a half or
something it was exhausting the app kept
like crashing I was about to throw my
phone snap it in half
oh so angry then we glitch and then I
never just started getting holy it
was like I feel like I'm gonna go bold
after that like so stressful
oh if you guys could have seen that you
guys would have got sticking hands
stretched from that it was so bad so now
we've got like 45 minutes until they're
all done Oh some girls outside just
noticed me I think I like freaking out
video we are just gonna hit off get some
food I don't know what I was gonna do
but might as well just hang around town
for the next half hour 45 minutes they
said boy ever fly be close there she
doesn't son that most sushi places are
closed on Sunday and other news I'm
quite glad I don't do the gorge walk
today because the weather is really bad
it's just been raining as well if you
couldn't talk only I know Pompey Pete's
with you one day
yeah well not right now not saying today
but I haven't been there in ages like
the last time I was with you and we got
that dessert pizza it was like intense
as he no last time was with you yeah we
went there once together since we've
been together I love that you know this
you like what we've been there once
we've been here three times we've been
there five times
I got a subway where there's onion
capsicum and tons of gherkin by the way
I know I just said I was getting sushi
oh yeah but there was no room and they
had sushi or maybe the plaza but we just
couldn't be with it going into the plaza
tons this sort of like hundreds
tehee de france le small zoo see it's so
cute I just organized some of the first
album yeah this has been me and Hamish
would ya know I haven't done whoa oh
hell no not right now
yeah that was weird man he should just
frame like all photos yeah these are the
ones that were in the cupboard but it's
when we first got Lily look how tiny he
was where the photos look Louie so small
your missive now kind of your
significance he does this to me just
stay there
feel like I should have won something on
this like look how many litters I
scratched out yeah I'm pretty sure you
got two words
we're playing what cycle again wait for
Toyota I think yeah well so I finished
the first season of Fargo and it was
pretty good so we'll probably start the
second one it's some stage turn yeah the
same but not those is it I'm just gonna
say good night now
I hope you guys enjoyed today's blog and
I'll talk to soon bye
hey everyone so man Hamish just got back
from the gym enjoying groceries
sorry if I seem a little bit rushed I
just realized how much we could put a
dog on it's almost 11 o'clock and I
still have to wash my hair and stop
filming and I'm starting to stress out
but here's my smoothie I think this is
the biggest mess I've ever made making a
smoothie so I have now showered and
washed my hair I've got tons of rose oil
on my skin right now because it's so dry
still from like the plane and everything
I am now just sitting at my video that's
going up today which is my makeup for
Fears skin it's like a daytime like
glamorous rose gold Carol eco show you
what later once it's up I'm just doing
it up at the moment so it's ready to go
just in case I'm still filming by the
time it goes like because it goes up in
three hours so just wanna make sure and
I've got hits videos you have to do it
on it today
today I also going to start gaem my
daily vlogs up so I'm gonna eat at them
if I get time otherwise I've to go
tomorrow
yeah I've got a lot to do alright so I
finished filming I filmed this really
like sixty smouldering kind of pink and
black smokey eye and like soft pink lips
so the glowing skin and I think that
should be up in the next week or so
anyways it's almost 3 p.m. so that took
me a really long time to film and and I
am now going to go do some editing I'm
just gonna have some lunch really
quickly I've got some leftover salads
and stuff so I'm just going to UM hate
some stuff up I guess and munch on net
I'm so late waiting Scourge today I'm so
sorry I'm like I just don't feel myself
right now I just feel a bit like weird I
don't know what it is like all I feel
like doing is just like crawling into
like a beard and then watching movies
I'm not doing anything but I have
responsibilities
I won't my videos almost up so I'm
really excited to see how people like it
hopefully everyone likes it
not everyone because that's unrealistic
but you know I mean hopefully most
people like it and you know open my mail
later to my pillbox mouth being putting
it off because I just been so busy and
then on the weekend I was just like hang
with Hamish and just didn't feel like
doing anything at all they definitely
need to look at it I'm so excited to
look at it so here is my lunch I'm just
having like a massive seller in a couple
of those VG like tofu sausages as well
because there's just hate so lift owes
from the barbecue the other night they
don't want to like go to waste
yeah this is just like a giant sell it's
kind of a mixture of all of those ones I
made the other day and I'm also gonna
hear that this beetroot juice that
may as well arrive simony like gifts and
like litters and stuff from you guys for
my pure box
Hamish meant to the PIO votes today and
got like hate small stuff so I'm gonna
open a few of them today and they may be
similar tomorrow because it is 6:30 and
I'm gonna just finish eating I've been
editing since 2 p.m. I'm exhausted and
now Paul I feel like doing is like
making some day killing - been watching
some TV
so just had a really weird day like
weird I think I said earlier just feel
weird but I think reading some of these
losers is gonna help cheer me act a
little bit so Luke so there's the ones
I'm going to open today I'm just going
to open up all the letters and then I'm
just going to light read out who they're
all from so if you guys watching this
have sent me a letter you know that's
arrived to me safely I'm not gonna read
all of the letters out loud or anything
just feel like it's a very personal
thing but like I joined some my other
vlogs like if there's something really
cool if someone's written they'll rape
it out on camera the fifth letter I just
read is from Lauren from Taranaki sure
it'd be a really really nice litter
about some stuff that she's been going
through and like just told me some stuff
about her and thank you so much for your
letter you seem so sweet
good luck with all your sports and
everything you're gonna do amazing so
got a little note from Stella and she
asks me how did I start my youtube
channel and how old was was I think I
think I was about 18 or so it was about
five years ago now
so yeah about 18 Lily Lily
Oh No so do you mind I'm trying to show
people to Jesus careful careful
I wanted to show you guys this cute um
like sticker dream bag be grateful give
love laughs lots I love it this is from
Canada
Congrats again I'm heading to Mele and
just remember to keep going no matter
what
both headbands are adjustable I think
here's the slit here is from Kayla she's
from Canada as I said she's I did I just
draw a comic at 24 long this letter is
from Emily and I cannot get over her
handwriting so it's not like the
prettiest handwriting over the scene
thank you so much Emily she was saying
that it's like you're such a kind
hard-working knowledgeable telling
person I hope to meet you one day so I
can tell you in person how amazing I
think you are but for now I guess
we had to do so sweet I don't know what
I've ever done to deserve these letters
you guys thank you so much also thank
you to Jess for your letter and this
meats when I'm opening is from Texas
do you like the hash toast on the bottom
I love it it's letters from Nettie and
she said that I have helped her discover
it ever cut on toast and she loves it
look how cool this is it's done on wood
with like I think one of those little
Bernie tools you know the ones that's so
cool and then on the back it says
hashtag Shanklin love it do you love it
yeah so this letter is from Samantha and
she said that she made this in woodwork
class she said that she traced a picture
of me onto the wood using carbon paper
and then her friend Amelia and her burnt
it on and I think this is Amelia
I'll read it later next but thank you
guys so much you guys are the sweetest I
love it and this is me there's really
nice drawing I love it I love this and
then a little later here as well thank
you guys so much I'm just gonna read
this now thank you for everything
this next letter is from Juma and she
drew me this really cool picture as well
she said that she's never drawn anything
like this before did such a good job for
your first time thank you so much for
your letter this is being needy he's and
you ready
that was fast
huh the sneeze leaders from Hannah she
wrote me the most like meaningful the
day ever like I feel like crying I'm not
gonna read it cuz it's very very
personal but thank you so much for
writing to me she also sent me this
really cute picture
this envelope thark oh my gosh look at
this cute drawer I think I love it
in fact my last name is Jimin forfeit
awesome thank you so much for later in
the last package
in zid la girl Dakota invincibie so
stuff well what are these I've never
even seen these before highlight contour
sticks and blush sticks thank you Haley
please type if we're watching mm what is
it
Pattinson recreation well fall after the
cellar what the heels
we're up to season four yeah yeah and we
went to go watch season two of Fargo we
watched the first one which was pretty
good
but the second one is like completely
different so we didn't realize that but
we'll watch that at some stage we just
don't feel like actually thinking about
stuff at the moment so we're watching
this because it's easy to watch this
vlog on Hamish this channel so go go
watch it it's his day three copyright
masturbate as realize I don't see
goodnight and I'm like about to fall
asleep I hope you enjoyed today's vlog
and I'll talk to you tomorrow bye
