good morning hey miss a good morning we
were all sweetie together look sup guys
Hamish is daily vlogging from the time
you see this video so I'll put his
channel down below everyone watch his
blog slop I'm kind of out of breath we
just went for a really good workout we
went to the gym for about an hour and a
half we're just under an hour and a half
I know I did like 17 minutes on my cross
trainer my hair is still like really
high you stupid simple so forth like as
soon as I get home oh as soon as I get
home my skin breaks out really soon this
morning I'm gonna have a shower um I'm
like not even ten from holiday like I
did ten believe it or not because I'm
like so pale without even channeling at
all but I'm still like super pale so I'm
gonna put on some fake tan and I'm
filming two videos this morning I'm
gonna do a winter kind of makeup look
which I'm doing in collaboration with
Maybelline it's not like a hundred
percent Maybelline video though it's not
like completely like all Maybelline
products or anything but I'm just using
a couple Maybelline products that are
like my favorites at the moment like
that highlighter I used to make you do
I've a little bit and like the primer
foundation I might use like the lipstick
because it's like a really nice wintery
color so I'm going to do that and then
I'm also going to do a little demo end
like not first impression review because
I've worked on a couple times but a kind
of review on my I came at all probably
my heart's beating so fast a review is
so far on my
Zala hair extensions and how I apply
them because I've been seeing so many
questions about like my extensions on
Instagram lately and I really really
like them like I think like first
impression wise obviously I don't know
how long they last in the long run
somebody hits them a couple weeks but
first impression wise they're so nice
and thick and just feel amazing like so
much nicer than some of the other braids
I've tried in the past so I'm going to
be doing here extension video because
it's just being requested forever I
don't even know if I've either done one
I don't think I have yeah anyway that's
the plan and later on came my nails done
it's just my whole of my nails out right
now yeah I'm getting my nails done
and yeah I think I'm doing like a vlog
on like getting my extra nails done
because I'm working on another like
video in collaboration with a filing
company so we're going to see how that
goes and see how good the product is
before I decide you know and I need to
open all this sometime
excuse the bench needs a really good
wipe down later
so Hamish made this yesterday but still
tastes good so we've got like nothing
else in the house oh look at that look
at that how satisfying is that when you
pour something into a cup and it's just
like ah perfect fit so there's the
multivitamins I've been taking recently
like for the last couple months because
it's the same brand as my protein powder
that I take so I just got the same one
it's just a multivitamin just like just
like you have a multivitamin pretty much
I guess I've been doing that and I also
recently bought these from the chemist
they're basically like supposed to help
you with stress and sleeping and stuff
which is what I've been struggling with
lately and basically it's just got heaps
of B vitamins zinc potassium and some
other stuff which is supposed to help
you with stress and things like that so
I'm just taking these as well I figure
it can't hurt you might have remembered
me talking about these vitamins a while
ago as well because they were bright
pink I mentioned them and like some of
my earlier vlogs
this isn't sponsor someone today was
like oh my god do you ever do anything
there's not sponsored I was like yeah
like this video is not sponsored
I feel like everyone assumes everything
is sponsored when you but someone says
that something's good and it's really
unfortunate I only talk about stuff I
like you guys should know that by now
alright let's try this juice mmm does I
do yeah just taste like do it's just the
beetroot the toggle is all that for
getting photos Virginia yeah but it's
better here and it's not that bad like
it's still easy as to drink so I don't
really care here's my before mousse so
here's my first makeup look well the
makeup I'm wearing today but I'm going
to change my look health mates video
just to change it up a bit so I think
there's guys out later this month
sometime I can't remember
I've course to it obviously it is it
uploaded blah blah blah blah now I'm
going to shrink my hair a little tiny
bit because I'm going to do my hair
Chinchin video and I'm going to do like
how to apply them and review them as I
said in the beginning of this video vlog
hang which is the BST made new juice for
lunch as well because I don't really
have enough time to like stop right now
so I'm just drinking a juice and then
we're just going to snack once I'm
finished before I go get my nails done
and then after that I don't know I need
to go Grover pretty good I need to go
grocery shopping and get some stuff to
eat because obvious reasons I can't just
eat junk food everyday tastes really
good obsessed with this lip color the
lip colors maybelline the highlights
maybelline the foundations maybelline
what else is Maybelline primer mascara
the brow gel and then the rest of the
stuff of my face is from other brands
other blushes Maybelline as well I
shadow is a lorac what else I've got
them makeup for the glitter on my inner
corner my powder is Charlotte Tilbury
concealers over decay and Cuban a Quan
the tutorial we hold here this month if
you want to see how to do it I just
think it's such a pretty like glamorous
like Christmassy kind of look the
highlighter lots of highlight and I'm
all done got my extinction then yes I'm
wearing pajama pants don't judge me
see I finished filming that little mini
review and how I clip in my hair
extensions video just now so now I'm
going to go just do a little bit of
editing and I've got to go to my nail
appointment in an hour cannot wait to
fix these by the way my lip color were
is it my look how it is number 7 beam I
think by next on top of the LA girl flat
finished pigment gloss or like a matte
lipstick this is in the shade playful so
I mix the two together still going on my
juice there's some nuts and stuff too
just because I'm a little bit peckish so
yeah this is the before of my nails and
here's the after so the little tool I
used worked so well so I can upload that
video later this month I'll keep you
updated they look so pretty there like
mermaid love I'm home I'm home he
doesn't even care
look at you in the Sun with your toys he
was so lucky
how's my other buggy has many other
Becky we get cute you were
hello he slept with us last night for
ages he must have been cold Hey look how
adorable you are
you just like a little tea so I just
finished editing Milo's alla extensions
video on how I applied them in
everything and now I'm going to finish
off my pale skin everyday glam makeup
look this one here I'm going to just
finish off the voiceover this is the one
that unlike when was it last Thursday
morning I was trying to finish it before
I went to Tahiti but I didn't have
enough time it's gonna push that and I'm
going to edit the vlog that I filmed
today and yeah then I think I'm done for
the day but I'll go get some groceries
and some food my Japanese at candy video
is finally up on my main channel as well
so go check it out if you have not seen
it re it's people saying my editing is
annoying but Yolo I was just trying
something new so at least I guess I know
not to do it needs time how amazing does
her hair look so I have decided I'm just
going to get like this skinned or
something for dinner
flawless skin de still not completely
healthy but I just don't want to go
grocery shopping right now it's 16 I'm
starving and if I go grocery shopping
I'm going to buy everything in the whole
damn shop so instead I'm just going to
go tomorrow morning cuz I'll get dinner
tonight and then tomorrow morning I'll
just have juice again for breakfast so
that should work out well I try not to
do too much work over the weekend I just
want to hang out with Hamish for a bit
because obviously like we only saw each
other like your staff known for a little
bit because today I've been working
we'll hang out tonight and then
hopefully this weekend as well and I'm
really excited and then Monday back into
work got heaps NEETs of stuff to film I
really really really really really want
to do is India syllabary makeup look as
well got some other looks I'm going to
do like a date night makeup tutorial
what else if I got that pale look I
think I might do a nighttime or morning
time get ready with me like morning time
routine evening routine something like
that because I've been done in ages and
those videos like everyone seems to
really like them when I do them so I
want to do an updated one do you know
what else I need to do is a makeup
collection video because I've had
someone in so long like over a year I
feel like it hasn't been that long but I
teach the other day and it's been a long
time so I needed an update and makeup
collection at some stage I've got a
couple of clothing hauls I'm going to do
what else I've got a full favourites
video they still haven't edited when
does fall end
I'm sorry out of it with seasons I never
know what season it is so I have to get
that up before then I'm going to do
smite get ready with me video
us I know that's all I really got
planned so far but still got a lot of
work to do and I just we get lots of
stuff done because in December I've got
a lot of stuff I've got a trip to Sydney
going over for Chloe marilla's birthday
I've got a trip to Christchurch for my
friend's engagement I've got a winning
I've got obviously Christmas and then
I've got New Year's so I've got
something I like every single week
during December so I just want to make
the most of the rest of November while I
can
plus I'm away for our house during this
month I got asked to come to the VMAs
again this year but I've decided to turn
it down because I don't want to stress
myself out too much I would love to go
but yeah I've just got so much work to
do that I just know that if I do go the
VMAs I'll just be like so stressed
trying to like film stuff and you know
don't like catch up with all my work and
like be on top of everything I've got so
much like fun stuff planned anyway so I
just want to make sure that I am
prepared for like December gonna be a
fun month though and hopefully there'll
be lots of fun stuff to vlog as well
this is when I start seeing sweet dreams
by Marilyn Manson every start
oh that belittled oh look yours looks
good um you get me what's that turkey
Turkey fun you got me a lodge I should
really gotten a small on the trailer
floor although okay that's fair enough
then at some point you and I should
probably make out with each other
Trude it would Chris is so creepy
really most creepy is us no look at the
double chin hi again
Leslie and I are dating we haven't told
anyone because it's a rule has no
history relationships right it's
happened no maybe another sign we didn't
tell you before yeah and I trust you
won't tell anyone now since it exactly
looking about yes I miss getting annoyed
at you maybe yo code up you look
handsome
I don't want lemonade so do you and if I
talked already so maybe it's time for a
change starting now
haha
there's a kind of person that will brush
their teeth and if it's end on an intial
bit of sponge and take it out and let me
push brush off who faces everywhere all
over the mass so yo just a rat by Shan
Han Han Cheng Han Chang Chang gun
Oh is your pot yeah what it's on train
young for near vapor what do you think
my street name is a father upper hem see
him this Praveena my why they never
broken road I'm gonna do one of these
the nuke adopter purifying facial peel a
bit clear whatever that means
this is my current favorite mask well
actually is there any peeling mask of
light so far because the other ones like
attack my skin and make it feel like
 this one done and as you can see my
skin is not happy so this is very good
my biggest thing about traveling is
triple sin goes dry and breaking out of
you all at once my skin's like super dry
up around my eyes you sleep with some
rosy boy alone I think this is a very
unflattering angle
I'm so angry because I would have
totally got 10,000 steps by now but I
keep forgetting to put on my watch today
this video is so cool
so apparently I could have killed us
upwards hi good time yeah look where we
at - um Fargo we're not even that on our
diamond are I always like to examine the
pieces to see if it you're such a great
is if you wouldn't do it - okay there's
so many freckles from holiday
I'm gonna go rinse the rest of this off
and I'll talk to you tomorrow
good morning everyone so today I
actually feel like doing my makeup
pretty so I thought I would film an old
school like get rid of with me like
doing my face here and outfit and it
would just be a good one to save up for
like around Christmas or something when
I wanna have a bit of time off like it's
just a good simple video that's easy to
eat it for me and you guys always
request these but I just never do them
because I always feel like I don't know
like they're not easy to make I mean it
still takes a bit of effort but compared
to some other videos that I do they're a
little bit easier for me and I feel like
I'm cheating if I do them too often I
don't know you guys always request get
ready with me videos so I'm gonna film
one today
hello again so I just finished doing my
hair makeup if it wants to fix it so
there we go so this is my makeup of the
day and I'm just finding something to
wear now you know might with these
shorts I got from whitefox batik I'll
show you my outfit no men wearing this
top from misguided and then at the
shorts as I said are from white fox
batik don't walk short boat shorts don't
know what shoes I'm gonna wear yet I
just poked hair my legs so they look a
little bit like splotchy weird but it's
okay
hamish made me a juice for breakfast and
it tastes really weird but it's still
really good Lily did you get a bath this
morning yeah that sounds like my hat
Louise outside look he's sunbathing he's
not down the cushions crossed as well I
know it looks so chill oh I use those
characters more than us I know they do
although I probably will use them yeah
when it's hot of course these things ago
their warehouse
with trying to find Christmas gifts the
person who this is for does not watch my
videos time see each other
I hope sir I'm not actually sure I'm
pretty sure they're just pointless
alright so we just got home we got a
couple of gifts sorted and and we got
some groceries as it actually is opening
like any food for like throughout the
way so I'm going to go eat tomorrow or
whenever I get a chance
we just got heaps of stuff to say so
like drinks and stuff for salad I'm
going to make a roast vegetable salad
and a beetroot fit a chickpea salad so
hopefully they taste good and just like
a normal like basic salad too so yeah I
also got some like tofu sausages I don't
know what they're gonna taste like I've
got them so if you lift up I'm just
going to start putting all this way and
I'm going to cook up the raw veggies now
just so they're ready for later then the
rest of the salads or just make later -
this is what nightmares are made of
whoo so so far I have a bunch of
different capsicum Xin red onion and
then here I've got some potatoes
religion next in the oven at the moment
I'm a chick peas I just marinated the
most same as I did that day when I put
them on my stuffed creamer I have boiled
up some eggs for the like the just solid
like basic salad for everybody to share
I've got a bunch of veggies I'm gonna
chop up soon too and then I think I
might open up some this Mabel to get rid
of it off the bench all right so I've
made all of my salads so now I needed
all those dishes but first I'm going to
get rid of everything on the bench so
what I'm just going to do is open up
everything just to save a little bit of
time because this video is going to be
long enough as it is
and then I'll show you what I got
basically okay so we'll start from here
I haven't opened all of them yet but
there's just not enough room so I've got
a little package from pixie so thank you
to the team at pixie let's have a look
and see what's in here
some silky eye pins sorry don't mind
tzer's we're also oh these look pretty
these are a couple of like eyeshadow
palettes it's a blue one and a purple
one in here
those look so pretty I'll have to try
them out and see how pigmented they are
cancellous silkie IP Aden and then this
looks so pretty natural contour kit face
palette if you like you could use this
on your eyes as well that's super pretty
Thank You pixie and then we also have a
new waist trainer girl size down hey
shiny make a cosmetic Oh sing me
something how do I open this Merry
Christmas
- Shannon mica cosmetic I want to wish
you a happy holidays the stroking pig is
so pretty
like Christmas in November I wanted
these so these are the eternally yours
liquid lipsticks from Stila they're like
small sized but I mean you still get
tons of product in there but the colors
look so pretty so so they go for $57
what else oh my gosh no I'm so excited
okay
I also got this golden lip luscious SPF
25 I'm guessing it's like a lip balm the
nice Steven Klein oh my gosh I've been
meaning to pick up something from this
collection I didn't even know if it was
out yet that's what the colors look like
they look so pretty oh there's one more
thing in here hourglass is this that leg
blush and highlight kit hold on yeah it
is I was tossing up with the get this or
not as well I just like slowed my words
completely that is so pretty so thank
you mica oh my gosh okay let me clear
some room and we'll open some more stuff
so this stuff here I bought myself from
whitefox petite as well as the short
size room today so this cute crop top
here and then there scrub top here which
is just really simple and then also this
one here so it's some stuff from L'Oreal
sent to me I guess just Shannon we saw
in your YouTube channel that you've been
trying and loving a few of Loreal
Paris's recent product launches so we
thought we'd seen you over a peck
including Oh a back up brow artist
plumper for the next time I ran out they
must have realized how much I loved that
thing
oh yes hopefully one of these ones
matches me better than I did on my first
impression me a few shades of that what
else this I need some True Match and
some like glosses mmm
these look pretty brow artist Care
Foundation what are these
super liner and a bra um / Thank You
L'Oreal I love that thing okay so I also
got sent some of the latest collection
from Moroccan oil ah I love this branch
I haven't tried the shampoo and
conditioner before so there's the
smoothing conditioner smoothing shampoo
and the treatment mask that'll be
awesome to try it I also got a new Karin
mural lipstick and this is in the shade
peony petal also got this PR package
from goodness swear jar good
beauty and there's a scrub in there with
a whole lot of chocolate Queens
alright the neat spots is from urban
decay hi Shannon we couldn't be more
excited to share the ultimate Beauty
collab it was okay
Gwyn there's a glance Karla without
shade she was involved in everything
from the name to the packaging we know
you're going to create some looks that
are be eight and eight and eight years
oh my gosh I'm so thankful that they say
this to me because I really really
really really really wanted it so have a
look my gosh they seen they're like
record as well that's so cool
so this is what the packaging looks like
on the outside and then here's the
actual palette and well I almost ding
that with my fingernail I did damn it
always do that when I open up pallets
now it's all ugly oh well these colors
look divine this was a bit crazy but the
rest of my love all right so this box
here is from it chichi you can toggle by
the hot pink packaging Oh brightening
eyelid primer her flawless face primer
I'm so excited
and oh crap Oh glitter eye liners is
exactly what I wanted I wanted to do
some glittery eye look so those are
coming perfect Thank You Chi Chi and
then something from a tribe cosmetics oh
my gosh so many lipsticks okay I'm going
to open these another time because I'm
running out of time before my friends
arrive and I'm still going to go do some
work so this one here is called Bridget
it's kind of like a bronzy color and
this one's called grace and it's really
nice I'm gonna swatch this one because
this is up my alley it's really nice
like white gold kind of color it's super
soft and pigmented I don't if you can
see that then lastly here I have it's
some stuff from a few different
companies this is the jojoba natural
pigmentation oil evens out skin tone and
I got a mini miracle I wand lift and
illuminate by Charlotte Tilbury I
haven't heard of that shine stopper
which I already have one of these so I
have to try that out at some stage and
then
dragon's ultra healing I guess this is
just like um yeah I'm oyster Iser for
extra dry skin and then nude Mets by
Paula's Choice I should appellate so
that is everything that I received and
bought so thank you so much everyone who
scents and stuff I can't let's try out
all these new things I'm so excited
especially for this like Urban Decay
finally finished editing it is 6:00 p.m.
I'm uploading my second
tickity bloser so if you haven't seen it
yet then I'll put the link down below I
made this one this one's chick peas
spinach be true pumpkin and fitter this
is just like a normal salad with like
egg lettuce couple of types of tomato
some capsicum onion and then this one
here is a roast veggie sellers and
spring onions and then these are curried
eggs as doing my Emma SHhhh
good just kind of daily what kind of
forgot no no I guess some days to be
really good and some guys be average
it's just how life is
it's just like real life some days you
have good days and sometimes you have
darn heroes eating flesh for Grandma and
Here I am slaving away doing all these
dishes like down here just play Minnie
right now I'm trying to clean you are
not there's a short look at that
mustache I'm going to wipe off my makeup
I've already peeled off my lashes you
know wipe off my makeup and go to sleep
I hope you guys enjoyed my vlog and I'll
talk to soon bye
