good morning everyone so today me and
Kelly just woke up and got straight into
the water because there were tons of
fish think they'll come down by where we
are cause we've got a giant bush thanks
to our little cabin and I think all the
bugs like draw them all in in the
morning Kelly still naught there's a few
here not many hey Kelly we got some cool
GoPro footage hopefully anywhere yeah
there was tons of fish this morning so
it's really nice just to wake up and go
swimming with them
I love we're not it's not snorkeling you
know but kind of how we're gonna go get
some proper snorkeling gear later and go
like real fur out and see what we can
find because obviously when your buddy
got yellow legs you don't want to go to
for our way just case you get tired that
flippers make it so much easier so we're
gonna do that look at this cute little
bit no he's been singing on our deck the
yeah tons of fish over there I know if
you can see holes Ehrman just like
schools and schools of them they look
like mini shacks they're really cute
I guess so no we will just go get some
breakfast I just feel like some fruit
we've been sleeping a lot we go to sleep
at like 9 o'clock at night and then wake
up at like 6:00 or 7:00 in the morning
it's quite good look sorry I'm just like
obsessed with these fish there's so many
here's eat them all Kelly look out there
there's tons the main cally went to
breakfast I'm dumb and I forgot to bring
my camera but now we're going to go for
a mess of snorkel women and hideouts and
snorkeling gear so we're just going to
like go for ages like I don't know how
long but I'm going to take the GoPro so
hopefully we get some more cool footage
sorry if this vlog is mostly GoPro
footage but we're just having a lot of
fun feeling like at it out of tube
you
hey guys I'm probably bright-red night
right now cuz it's super super hot but
we're just ordering some room service
but I'm seeing all of that footage of us
just before um snorkeling we saw a wild
turtle as well like a giant turtle oh my
gosh it was so cool but I think we kind
of just get him because he started
swimming off very fast so first the day
we're just pretty much relaxing and
reading and sunbathing then tonight
we've got their performance and yes I'll
show you lunch when it arrives as well I
just got like a vegetarian pizza there's
not that many options it's like a
vegetarian sandwich
vegetarian pizza and a vegetarian pasta
and there's like a vegetarian salad as
well I would haven't tried that yet cuz
I don't know how filling it would be
because it's literally like lettuce
tomato cucumber which I don't like
and like vinaigrette so I don't know
my hair's like what is as well I just
did like a really deep condition because
my hair's like drying out from all the
salt water today it's like super cloudy
so it was a really really good day to go
it's not clean but it's still like
ridiculously hot here's a view here's
lunch I got the vegetarian pizza and
Kelly got a chicken salad and we got
bread rolls and cocktails look how
pretty this looks
chip it fit hey there's a shock it's
quite big
how long do reckon that was like major
Oslo damn I wish I got that on camera
this is another shot which one I get it
to come back I'm like if I put my foot
in will it come back I am NOT looking
cute right now don't mind me
the lighting is like really bad um just
an update we aren't going to go out to
that performance thing for dinner
because we figured out it was like $120
per person and there's like no food
there that we want to eat like it's like
a buffet dinner and it's just like tons
of like what does that Polynesian
traditional food yeah like fishes and
lots of meats and stuff and all I really
want is something vegetable based
there's like potatoes and like
salad but that was about it so we
thought to be honest like the price it's
probably not really worth it it'll be
cool to see the performance but $120.00
purpose and it's like a lot of money we
don't want to run out of money and have
to get out more money so we are just
going to skip that now good value for
those people that like to eat a lot
though cause it's like buffet like we
can eat but yeah we do not eat that much
I'm just doing some editing at the
moment just winding down there stop soon
and just to read I think read a book
because I haven't read anything today
I read heaps last night so yeah I'm
really getting into this new book and I
really really really want to like see
what happens to me and Kelly are just
going out to dinner I just felt like
something a little because I had a
really big lunch I'll provide his
headlight some samosas and sell it or
something I don't know what my hair is
doing don't ask
look at these rows - I can't wait to get
my hair that over there is what me and
Kelly would gonna be paying for we're
very happy we didn't actually end up
paying for it I mean it might be really
cool but I don't know we're just being
tight with that money
oh my god
then I came I got this nurses and tell
it again and Kelly got fruit salad
so that worked out well we ended up
buying our own Danette and then saw most
of the performance anyway but it's still
going on right now but we're really
tired so we've come back
it is 8:49 which is a record so far for
our holiday of like us staying up the
latest so far so I'm gonna line beard
and do a little bit of reading just to
wine down and then I'm going to go to
sleep and then tomorrow morning we are
swimming with sharks and stingrays or
manta rays I can't remember which one of
those I lifted obviously check what's
why there might be stingrays it looks
sort of fun cannot wait so hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog where I might be
linking this to another one I don't know
also a breakfast time for our first
serving we have toast
it's a scroot toast and mango jam and
then we're going to go back and get some
fruit because they didn't have any up
there so they need to restock their
fruit platter so I'm waiting for that to
happen I spice up this pretty picture on
Instagram still ready pineapples
everyone so we didn't end up going on
that stingray manta ray whatever it is
trip this morning because Sally woke up
feeling really really sick and we didn't
want to get on a boat when she wasn't
feeling well so we've well as I say
Sally I always do that I call her Kelly
all the time Kelly so we've changed it
to tomorrow because hopefully she'll
feel better by then hopefully and then
today we're just gonna relax by the pool
so we could just going to go hang by the
pool at the moment I bring my camera in
case there's anything I've been sort of
low but probably not because I'm just
going to be lying in the Sun reading
hey guys sorry I haven't blogged too
much me and Kelly I've just been doing
nothing as per normal
um we didn't even have lunch today we
just ordered some room service for
doneck picking we can't be bothered
going out we stayed by the pool until
like 1 o'clock or so and then we just
came back to our room just to have some
time in the shade and then with some
based on a dick for a while and then the
wither went really really cloudy so
we've just been like chilling and I
finished reading my book it was really
good so I can't remove what it was
called but when I have my Kindle on me
I'll show you again I really really
liked it and I started reading another
book which is a part of the 3 series
like it's a series of three books
currently what is called either but I'll
show you very soon at the moment I'm
just lying in bed playing that word game
again I don't know if you guys remember
me talking about my earlier vlogs but I
just finished level 74 so haven't
actually got that far too freaking hard
like I get stuck on the same levels for
like I swear like three or four weeks
and then all of a sudden I get it my
girl it's called alpha Betty if you're
wondering it's the little one down the
bottom bro
see I thought I'd update you not much is
happening this will probably be my only
other Tahiti vlog tomorrow we have
hopefully that stingray shark thing to
be entire Kelly feels because obviously
we don't want to go out on the boat and
go do stuff if she feels sick but we
might do that in the morning and then
probably just somebody again and just
relax and then the day after that I
think we go back to the mainland to here
and then the day after that we fly back
to New Zealand Kelly got fruit salad and
I got a sandwich in from there's a lot
more fries than last time I feel yeah
this was young but it's too sweet it's a
Nutella mousse I ate like half if that
how pretty view once again the sun's
gonna go down now the Sun Goes Down so
early over here this is the book I'm
reading now could never never and then
under the knife is what I just finished
reading which was really good as well
hey guys so today is Monday I think in
Tahiti Schuster New Zealand
and this morning we are going swimming
with the sharks stingrays or feeding
them or I don't even really know what
happens but we'll soon find out my
hair's like so dry it looks yellow I
need to turn it Etha see I'm so excited
I don't even know what to expect we take
makeover so I'll show you as much as I
can of what's happening I'm so so so
excited kind of nervous but mostly
excited and I'm just going to come back
and some days which just means
sunbathing this morning for the past
hour and that's probably why I'm so pink
and we also had breakfast this morning
said some fruit and some fruit toast
yeah that's our day to day and then
tomorrow we go back to the mainland
we've got our snorkeling gear mine's all
matching oh there goes my sunnies
so we're just waiting we are probably
going on this far and you say well this
one I cannot see myself right now so now
I am laying by the time we were actually
like on the yacht um and then Kelly felt
really really sick so Reid to jump off
so we're not going shark swimming at the
shack for anything anymore
more weren't any time to do it unless
she feels better this afternoon I just
didn't feel comfortable going by myself
like go out before bed just get a
on me so here's the meeting all day now
it's meant tomorrow morning we go to
inflate the main part of Tahiti again
and then stay the night and then the
next day we fly home I'm really excited
to Hamish oh my dear I'm just sitting by
the pool so hot - it's so clear all
these hits of cards over there actually
but the couple last couple of days have
been really cloudy so it was nice to
have some Sun his lunch today Kelly got
the samosas and got fries and I got a
baguette good morning don't mind my cool
hairstyle I just washed my hair and it's
like so human here they're my hair's
going frizzy which is weird cuz it never
goes frizzy well kind of frizzy so I
can't even like look out properly it's
so friggin bright so this morning we
just packed up and today we're heading
back into the mainland Tahiti and then
we stay the night tonight and then we
wake up at like 4:00 a.m.
and get to the airport and then go back
to New Zealand I can't see right now so
sunny the waters saw a choppy air so I
can already tell this boat trip is not
going to be ideal we leave and what
about three hours so hopefully it comes
down by then yeah we just go get some
breakfast we just finished packing and
we're just going to hang around until
obviously we leave got all that junk
picked up I've just got to pick up my
computer now I've got my carry-on staff
even though like we still technically
could keep packing tonight I just want
to be prepared so I don't have to like
repack everything later this room was
amazing and if you're wondering we were
stangs didn't set my mean didn't see it
in my first vlog just in case I uploaded
it while we were here but I couldn't
upload it while we were here because the
internet was too slow we're staying at
the Intercontinental Moria which I
pronounced that wrong I can't pronounce
it greatly but I'll write it down below
in case you're interested staying here
I'm not sponsored or anything they have
no idea who I am we paid for this
ourself but it's a really really nice
resort and I know lots of you'll be
asking where we were so yeah that's
where we stayed and I definitely
recommend it it's really nice here's
breakfast today
crystal oranges and lots of pineapple
bye bye best result in the whole world
we will miss you
it's just a wee bit Rocky
you can't even tell on camera but we're
kind of going up and down up and down up
and down we arrived at the
Intercontinental he Dino Manilow truck
it's going to take us to our room am I
going to go find some folks we're both
starving
so this is our room at the
Intercontinental in Tahiti it's actually
really nice a couple double beds nice
view of the water and nice little like
patio I mean the bathroom is really nice
too it's really pretty with mrs. Farber
then it's like a big shower toilet as
well
this room is much nicer than the one we
stayed at the first day but we're
already there literally like to sleep
such and I'm met at all by the way if
you're wondering which room we were in
in um Moria have you pronounce it I'm
sort of in it it was 509 and it was such
a good room because it was like right
where you could swim yeah when we went
snorkeling like some of the other rooms
that were like on the water um like if
you went down the ladder that was like
you to coral right there but ours was
like really deep with no coral right
under so it was like a really good room
so if you want a good room for like
snorkeling and stuff our room was really
really good lucky this is our last day
here of course on the camera it doesn't
look as bad as it really is is like
heaps of thunder well there was just
before the wind was really bad before as
well all those trees are like bent over
which is ordering some room service at
the moment because we don't want to
venture out into the cold so we're at
the airport now get caught in it Tahiti
and we bought it an hour and a half or
so then like what out circuits that says
it's five hours 40 minutes but it's
ended on the way there - it was only
like four hours 40 minutes so I'm not
sure how long it's gonna take
yeah then we learned an Auckland and
then we have like an hour's you get two
domestic so that's a day I think we
arrived home home at like 4:00 p.m. and
Hamish is going to pick us up in the
airport and I'm so excited and I'll
probably like fresh shot because we woke
up so early like use a long time we woke
up it like walk get it for him gonna be
quite tired so I think by the time we
arrived we've been waiting for our bags
for like half an hour we're getting
worried please come with the board in
under an hour at the other Airport so
fingers crossed arrives here how is it
Lily I think there have been excited so
hey Kai looks pretty I know it's so
exciting
Jesus oh my gosh it's okay
stitch oh hey guys so I hurt him again
feels so nice to be home there was a
whole lot of trembling and like my ears
are ringing just because I've been on a
plane all day and you know how like even
though it's quiet on a plane this still
that like engine noise now it is like
can't function in the silence because
it's really silent right now Hamish is
in his room doing some music stuff just
to finish that off while I upload one of
my Tahiti vlogs and then we're gonna
hang out for the rest of the night
the dogs are super happy to see me as
you probably just saw so with my Tahiti
blogs obviously one is up now by the
time you see this video and then this
one will be up and this is obviously my
final Tahiti vlog so I just decided to
split into two because I didn't do too
much stuff overall my trip was amazing I
really did get to relate with it relax a
lot by the way my face mask is the mask
purif n't by Eisenberg i was like dying
dying going to swim with the sharks and
some with the stingrays but i will do it
one day differently it's on my bucket
list and it's something to look forward
to in the future
yeah apart from that we had a really
good time and like snorkeling around our
room was amazing
and I just had the best time and thank
you all so much for being supportive
about me um you know having some time
off uploading and stuff I couldn't
upload obviously like then see it was
way too slow I tried I put it on to
upload it was like 20 hours remaining I
was like hmm maybe not and then did it
cut out like every hour as well so it
just was not happening it was not a
happening thing and I've decided cuz I
don't know if I'm gonna get time to edit
this vlog that I'm coming on right now
because I've got lots of which show so
basically like all of my daily vlogs
might be a little bit out of whack for a
few days maybe like next week I'll get
bit like regular but just because like
it's so much stuff to catch up on I'm
just going to keep daily vlogging but I
might not upload them daily until I get
settled again so basically like the next
couple of days might just be merged
together until I actually have time to
sit down and eat it daily again because
tomorrow I'm going to be filming a
couple videos for my main channel and
I've got some like sponsorship stuff I
have to get done and just time lines and
business Elain stuff it's all really
exciting and like I'm really looking
forward to filming the actual videos
there like some really cool makeup looks
and stuff so I'm excited to be doing it
but yeah it's just going to put me a
little bit off for a bit because
obviously I just took off a week so
that's where I'm at right now I'm going
to finish uploading this video my
computer doesn't want to turn it on
right now it's like completely dude
hello my back did you miss me
holiday might have been my charge for
that year that's stuff I shouldn't swim
in front of when you kids out there okay
time to make the pizza what you don't
throw the sheets in there and walk off
jump up I'm gonna make a bit okay cuter
I'll kick you mess of Rosalie hell no
Lee oh Gong doesn't want her oh you can
actually do me a favor you can go feed
my cat
okay Kim let's go eat oh hey guys I'm
just gonna say good night now we're just
watching Fargo we've watched like a
couple episodes and I hate curry for
demo just like a vegetable one it was
really really good and I'm tired so I
will talk to you guys really soon bye
