hey everyone so today is the day I'm
going to Tahiti it is Thursday and it is
922 I haven't been to the gym today
because I was just thinking everyday to
about half an hour in the shower just to
forget like shave my legs and everything
so that's all done and just like a body
scrub louise having a crier thinking
guys I'm leaving because he's like
hanging around on my bags and stuff poor
boy I wish I could bring you umm but
yeah so I am just gonna put on a little
bit of makeup now because my skin feels
really really really dry for some reason
so I'm gonna prom baby cream and stuff
I'm just going to use the makeup that
I'm taking with me to Tahiti and this
little makeup bag and not bring you Matt
you got like BB cream mascara brow
mascara concealer mascara
did I say that already just like the
bare basics in case I feel like wearing
a little bit more makeup one day but
yeah just going to remain quickly
you
so it's my makeup just brown mascara
mascara mascara lip balm lip liner and
BB cream now I'm going to just lip my
head down and I need to go a taster as
well quickly we leave in just over an
hour and I still don't have breakfast or
anything either I'm starving time to go
to get all of that time now II said I'm
having granola for breakfast
because this is the only thing we have
left in the house oh my gosh I was like
rushing I was just trying to finish
editing one more video which I couldn't
get down to the dogs keep barking let's
try - voiceover I was like oh and then I
was like shit we've got to go so now
we're rushing over to Kelly's house and
picking up Kelly and then rushing to the
airport checking in because we've got a
chicken like way earlier than normal I
didn't have time to redo my hair either
so I broke in the bun today we're at the
home we've got away for like an hour now
a flight to some-odd for like an hour
12:05 and then we go to Auckland I think
we wait for about two hours and then off
on how long is it five hours five in a
bit our flight to Tahiti and then we
arrive at nighttime basically go to a
hotel sleep and then I wake up the next
morning and hop on to a different Island
where we will be spending the rest of
the week here's our playing so we just
put up a flier
what's your international and now we're
at the International
Airport area waiting for a flight to
Tahiti it's in like an hour and a half
or so so we got some food our avocado
sushi and some seaweed salad but love
this the plane they excited you so I
think it's really personal
it's sorry
we're here it's hot shadi item it's
really hot and we're just waiting in a
queue through customs I shouldn't be
filming about your life we are arrived
I'll talk to you guys tomorrow we're
exhausted good morning so we woke up at
like what time 6:00 cave and talk
probably six so we work five which is
five and New Zealand because we're an
area here but a day behind and now we're
going to go to boat because we're
getting a boat over to our little island
so we were just here for the next we
arrived so late last night and then we
spend our whole trip in maria maria'
know how perhaps probably it's over
there for we can't really see I think it
might be that one maybe but it's so hot
here and the special is beautiful really
and the one we're going to is even nicer
apparently so I can't wait goodbye
temporary room
you were good to us how pretty is this
so early in the morning and it still
looks really pretty
there's lots of birds everywhere I love
it including one right there we're on
the boat at the moment
me and Kelly both a little bit tortured
it's pretty rough
but I think we're only about 15 minutes
away or something so they should be okay
and I don't feel very well
we have arrived but we can't chicken
just yet we've got to wait about an hour
till the rooms are ready it's so pretty
so we're just sitting in the Sun for a
while we've got juice the slight result
already looks really nice and we haven't
even explored yet can we my friend so
now it is 1:15 here in Tahiti we have a
good I bring it which just means
sunbathing and swimming and now we're
getting some food so some spring rolls
and fruit they don't have too many like
meatless options here but I'll do my
best but uh I got vegetarian spring
rolls samosas and salad and we've both
got some fruit - oh my gosh this looks
amazing you guys me and Kelly I like
crappy our pants right now this is so
cool
look shower the water's like right there
you can go swimming and like there's
like heaps of coral and stuff over there
we've got like a little balcony and like
little Sun babies so we can just like
literally like be hermit and just chill
out here and we've got everything we
need and I'll show you the room this
room was like pricy but we were like
stuff if we're coming to Tahiti and like
paying that much for a ticket it's like
our flights were like we might as well
have a nice room so we've got like this
whole living area with this TV TV like
flips around and we've got our two beard
and like this main bathroom my shower
this is our home for the next five days
I'm still look at that with her - hey
guys so I had a shower recently if
you're wondering why my hairs all wet
although I am on a tropical island so
that could be the reason as well I mean
couldn't have gone first one or anything
I thought I'd update you we're about to
order some dinner we're just getting it
delivered to my room because like we're
addicted to our room right now we don't
want to leave it's just like the nicest
place I've ever stood in my whole life
it's beautiful I'm just doing a
crossword I'll show you in a second cuz
I am 80 years old and I finished a book
today as well we've just been sunbathing
all afternoon and
relaxing pre-much I read a book I've
started a new one as well so I'm
currently reading at test us and under
the knife which I may have read before
but I haven't read it in years like
Homer what happened I also just finished
the book called hidden by kyndra Elliot
is there one in the middle well this
ants were my camera this pretty ants
everywhere um I really liked that hidden
book it was like a good mindless read
like not mindless but it was just easy
to follow had a good twist it wasn't
anything like wasn't like a breakthrough
like twist or anything it was you know
just whatever but it was just a good
read it was a good book and I enjoyed it
so that was a good one if you're looking
for a book to read I'm gonna try and
find some good to like self-help books I
want to read some books like that cuz I
haven't really read anything like that
before I've heard so many good things
about different books just on like the
life and your mind and you know food and
health and just stuff so I might have a
look later yes a sort of crew see the
time over here is 5:17 it's so weird
because we are an hour ahead of New
Zealand time so in New Zealand it's 419
here it's 5:19 except it's a day behind
so in New Zealand it's Friday and here
it's Thursday it's so weird it's so
confusing with me trying to figure out
like what day my videos have gone up and
everything but I'm sure we'll get used
to it we're trying to see if we can find
cocktails but I don't know if we're very
much like Kelley wants to show you her
newest hobby which is coloring it here
you can see she's doing a great job on
her ombre pancan alright do you love it
she's like sure than my coloring and
it's actually pretty cool so yeah she
told me about this but I was like oh
I've got no patience for that shit it's
like tons of them I've seen heaps of
people doing them like online answer but
I don't know I feel like I would just
like pull my hair out if I try to do it
what's screwed up his dinner got a what
are these pina colada
Mohito vegetarian pizza and vegetarian
noodles and bread rolls yes awesome so
that it in such a nice view
me and Kelly are watching the morning of
life yeah I'm just going to take it back
now before I fall asleep we're quite
exhausted I don't know I just get so
tired Roman this
hey guys so it is now Friday here
Saturday New Zealand and we're about to
go get some breakfast there's so many
fish around oh my gosh there's like a
huge school coming towards me I'll show
you look how cool this is how freaking
cool this so pretty
there's so many different kinds of fish
ginger me and Kelly going to go for a
swim after breakfast and take the GoPro
out and see if we can get some cool
footage here's a view at breakfast I did
get a huge plate of fruit but I ate it
already and some croissants and yogurt
we just admire how beautiful this entire
place is like it's just so picturesque
so here's part of the beach area um but
there's like a couple pools and then
obviously the beaches for the job
they're setting up camp right here's our
view so it just means sunbathing all
morning and it's not like one o'clock or
something or like 1:30 so we're getting
some lunch
my gosh I feel so good we did like a
good swim before and we're gonna go
swimming after this as well maybe take
out the GoPro come back this bridge is
the best here's the large got a sandwich
it's just got like salad and stopping it
and then Kelly got a peracare your prize
hope you nailed it
you
I was a damn adult opening we just met
personal before as you would have seen
from a little bit of footage sorry I'm a
bit of a noob with the what is it called
GoPro I really know how to work them
properly I shouldn't know where I was
aiming or anything but I did might be is
going to have way more cool footage when
we go snorkeling with the tides not
coming in because at the moment the
waters kind of like cloudy we're gonna
go feed sharks like wild sharks and wild
men Tori's I think they are all
stingrays or something in a couple of
days so it's gonna be so fun kind of
nervous I'm sure it's safe
what else are we doing we've got like a
dinner performance tomorrow I've got
dinner tonight
I don't know what we're gonna have I'm
just so tired I kind of think straight
like I'm just doing such a good time I'm
feeling so relaxed and just rejuvenated
and just happy and just it feels good to
do nothing important you know what I
mean like I've just been reading books
doing crosswords sleeping eating just in
a good place right now I feel really
relaxed I definitely recommend if you
ever like don't know where to go for a
holiday definitely consider Tahiti it's
beautiful I love it love it love it love
it
I do miss Hamish and I do miss the puppy
store my nails are super long and I need
to get them redone third cocktail of the
day got everyone for breakfast lunch and
dinner when you're on holiday you know
how it is I got pasta and Kelly got
calzone mixer there is one mofo meal
because it is so young this angle is
super unflattering but the lights like
right above me so it's just happening so
I'm just busy good night now we just
head today and now we're going to spend
the night reading in bed it's only like
7:30 or something like that but I know
you're so tired I think I said this
yesterday when I'm in a son anyway I'm
probably going to snip this vlog here
because I feel like there should be
enough footage hopefully I think my next
idea vlog will be way better as well
because I think I've done pet the UM
what's that camera GoPro I think I've
done patched the GoPro now and also
we're going to go like feeding like men
Therese and surfing there's like a big
performance tomorrow night and
everything which I think I told you so I
think the next vlog will be much better
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed it and
I'll talk to you soon bye
