every one so I just got back from
bitching sorry that my intro the lies
last I am but that's just what happens
oh sorry
today I'm preparing for tt in finish
packing as I said the other day what as
I showed you the other day I packed up
all my bikinis and sunscreen but I still
need to go get some bug spray and stuff
and here Peck like normal clothes etc
etc got some mail here and I also feel
like toast because a house smells like
toast for some reason and getting Hamish
hate some toys for breakfast by the time
you watch this and pretty shorts he will
have finished his last exam he's done so
well I'm so proud of him yeah that's
about it so I'm meeting up with Kelly
soon because as you guys probably know
Kelly is coming to Tahiti with me we're
going to get that I can't wait girls
weekend away I'm gonna make breakfast
and open up these parcels quickly I know
this one is my Mac stuff which I bought
myself and I'm so excited and then I'm
gonna put on makeup where's my bag hello
hello he being asleep
give me give me give me ah
zhuzh now he wants attention look hey
Zeus love you yes I love you to lower
your low so this is getting a
haircut soon and louise getting his
nails done lue pin your nails done yes
I'm gonna miss you too I am that's the
thing I miss most about home when I'm
away like even if it's just for a couple
days I miss my doggies a little fur
babies oh look at you you're so fluffy
and cute feel like Vegemite on toast and
we have like nothing for smoothies we've
got like all we have is the literally
frozen blueberries and then almond milk
okay I can't show you what's in this one
in case Sally watches my vlog because I
know she watches a lot of my blogs this
is Sally's birthday prism or some of it
which hopefully I will see her soon
after I get back from Tahiti because
their birthdays are like while I'm away
oh by the way it's Danny main cities
birthday today so happy birthday if
you're watching which would have been
yesterday now anyway so in one of those
packages we have this this is the story
of here mas by Manuka doctor which is
interesting I've never tried their hair
care before so then
sounds cool my toast popped so which
then it pause the packaging opening
package opening for a moment so on my
toast I'm having at my mates and tofutti
tofutti I don't know how to pronounce
that I know that's what's absolutely
disgusting I'm trying to cut down on
butter while I'm at home just try and
cut down Jerry ought to get that because
all I really have is like cheese and
butter like on twice sometimes so this
is a really good alternative and it's
dairy-free because dairy I don't know I
just don't feel good when I eat it so
I'm trying to cut back plus obviously
the industry is shitty but this is so
good if you're looking for an
alternative to but it's so nice because
I can't just eat mom I don't tell us
it's too strong
mmm so here's what I got from Mexico
throat quickly yeah I got a couple of
eyeshadows this is one of those met
one's called everyone's darling it's a
really nice like dark maroon color and
then I got this one here there's like
vibrant orangey Ridge and this is in
well-behaved it's matte and then at this
one which is called tonight's the night
which I don't know if this is that same
one they seem to me so I have to check
got another one at the slim lipsticks
this one is in personal pick I think
well it's really pretty it's like a
light purple but two of the huggable
colors or is sweet creation and extra
sweet and that's what those two colors
it like so a pinky one and a peachy one
and then just some other like normal
lipsticks this one is called diva antics
this one is called my nfm this nerd one
is called self-aware there's a dark like
purpley color this one is called fish
revival and then this last one is deep
love and they're all match colors I
really wanted some of these darker ones
for like winter makeup tutorials or
those will come in handy the storms are
really unique nerd as well it's like
brownie yellowy weird color I like it I
obviously have been turn my hair yet but
I just shall wait and now I'm gonna do
my makeup quickly so I'm just gonna
speed it up and put it in this video
so me and Kelly are now going into town
and we're going to go to the warehouse
because we want to try and find like
roof shoes and stuff we'll go like came
out cutting on a minnow whereas we need
like bags for and stuff my gosh it's
late okay and it's raining I'm so
excited to be the Sun away from the
shitty way that we got the subway for
lunch I got cheese onion gherkins
lettuce red onions and sauce so I just
got home we were like rushing hello
we're rationing and got everything even
got some like beach bags and backpacks
and stuff and also tons and tons of mail
from my pure box which is like in these
bags somewhere I just had shut them all
in together so I'll open those later on
this afternoon after I finish packing
Hey
so I have this New York hair I don't
know tional what that Brandis what is it
nine forty so I've got this cat like
when me and him in Hamish I mean Kelly
so used to say me and Hamish my pet and
then I've got this big floppy hat which
I just bought from cotton on before just
feel like when we sunbathing because
it's like real big and floppy you can
kind of put it over your whole face cuz
I get frequence on my face so easy you
know I've got a pair of reef shoes these
roofing came out there like $12 so we're
stoked about that
so I'm team dollar flip-flops weights
you $5 because 2:15 so I got some blue
ones as well I'm just gonna take one
pair and then this beach bag it's from
Kmart so I'm just gonna take that in
case we go for like a little walk and
like want to just go to the beach
somewhere so that's that so far and then
I've also got some workout shoes you
coming to Lily because we're gonna go
for probably a few walks because there's
some like what is it hiking and stuff
yeah like some hiking sir yes so that'll
be super fun because I'm still came to
kind of keep up the whole fitness thing
Mihama way plus it gives you something
to do because there's only like so much
time you can spend kind of lying on the
beach and never just go sort out all the
bikinis and stuff and in some actual
clothes alright so I took a little
jacket just in case it's like one day or
like spitting or something
I've also got workout shorts and workout
pants and to like sing notes for working
out in now I've got to play suits and to
Mexi dresses and then
this more dressy dress in case we go out
for dinner there's like probably too
many clothes but definitely enough and
then I'm just gonna wear like long pants
and I'm gonna wear like a t-shirt at a
Jersey and workout sneakers on the plane
so I have all of that with me now just
got shoes for dinner flip-flops and my
reef shoes two hits piece of underwear a
couple of bras a couple of workout bras
and that's all of that so far so this is
going to be my carry-on and then I'm
gonna hopefully fit my computer in here
just in case I do get the chance to hit
us and stuff and then Hamish can put
some stuff on a hard drive for me and
Kelly to watch at night and everything
so all I've got to pack now is I've got
to go get a razor and I've got to get a
SPF flat-bottomed never just got to pick
my carry-on like with my ebook and my
charges like my phone charger my vlog
camera what else my passport my money
you know the journal now we are going
back into town as I said I need to buy a
razor and lip balm with SPF cuz I can't
fly mine and my lipstick it burnt so
easily in some of this alright I need it
so just when I goes away - Kelly needs a
rain jacket but every bargain do they
still have that is their little oh yeah
remember when they made it all fancy
looking everyone was like what are they
doing and they changed their logo ages
ago today she doesn't look good so it is
now 4:30 and I just got home we just got
a really hard got my stuff so I'm gonna
quickly edit yesterday's vlog and then
I'm going to finish packing and then
hopefully hamer should be done and I
don't know maybe or garden or a soy if
he feels like it to celebrate his
finishing of exams and because we've got
no food at home I've got some emails to
do I already put my like away from work
email all no don't you say I wouldn't
really be working so they can wait till
I get back I'm just hoping that I'll be
able to relax on holiday like I know
people hate on me saying this kind of
stuff but I don't care if you don't like
it I do get stressed ok I'm a stressed
out person and I take on a lot of work
and if you don't think I've got a real
job there's four opinion but doesn't
deny the fact that I feel stressed out
I'm a bit of a workaholic so I'm hoping
that while I'm away I can just
take it easy and not feel guilty because
that's my thing like if I take time off
I feel guilty because I'm like I should
be working I should be doing this I
should be doing that within reality
should just be enjoying my time off like
a normal person
like I don't even get like proper
weekends off so I need to just you know
hopefully hopefully so I've just been
non-stop ever since I finished editing
and uploading my vlog just been working
doing some stuff they had to do before
tomorrow and they end up also just
finished off doing some more packing and
I'm so terrified of like forgotten
something me anyway Hamish got home now
we're gonna go after dinner and I'm
hungry too
I don't know where we're going and
wearing like the most comfy outfit ever
leggings that mess of Jersey and little
white shoes and my nice hair bag oh I
just wondered myself
do you wanna treat do you wanna treat do
you wanna treat it's like I always want
to treat you nose look at that just take
your time today Louis is Dan your 8 to
get out of be its to do sit sit good boy
did go look how spoilt you are who is my
other bag dear he is where'd you get
Susie spy out this look color I haven't
touched up all day all I've done is put
like clear lip gloss on top I may not
look lost lip balm class is so good
I like your thank you
we're going to India tonight I look like
that good though yeah this place is
actually good I think I'm gonna try this
one
all this one I don't know I'll just
choose last weekend and then I'm trying
to decide on a curry
does anyone ask hate these as much as
many like Hamish loves it but I think
everyone seems to love them and then I
try it and it tastes like rotten stale
greasy curry bread it's I hate it
people probably gonna hate on me for
saying us I just think it's actually
revolting I love like everything else
and that is just like what I'm gonna try
this length this is mashed potato malai
kofta I don't know if I pronounced it
properly and it looks good hopefully it
tastes good I try to try something
different each time but I kind of forget
what I've tried before I think I've
either tried these ones or it was that
one current maple which it was and I
want to try that one at some stage try
to start feel like spinach right now
with me I choose the same thing on there
boy at the same time here's my stutter I
think it's like cottage cheese deep
fried I don't know hamish got lamb Colma
and then I got that one that I pointed
out I don't know what it was good we got
right and none there's a lot of none no
how do you feel I'm full makes you cool
I'm not I'm so starving I think this is
the potato stuff it's really really good
and he's got some snacks for um well
we're on holiday got some easy bears and
chocolate and lollies and some nuts as
well in some crosswords because I love
doing crosswords so there'll be
something fun to do in the Sun and I'm
so tired it is already like quarter past
9:00 right now at dinner took ages like
ages there was some like big groups of
people so I think that was just like a
little bit busy but yeah so I'm just
really really tired so I don't want to
read my letters until I'm not tired
for obvious reasons otherwise I won't be
able to like concentrate and they
deserve concentration Hey
yes yes why are you trying to bite me
you big rock wheeler you big row wheeler
so yeah I'm going to go climb in beard
get a
early-ish night I should probably pick
these two and you assess the drill now
use those a drill I'm coming
what are you looking where's the other
salsa drill and there's some with oil
dogs much the way just watching pass
their cash now and then I'm going to
sleep and remember I'm not promising a
vlog from tomorrow because I don't know
what the internet situations gonna be
like I don't want to relax a little bit
but I don't know we'll just say
otherwise I'm still gonna film and then
I'll just upload some stuff when I'm
back in New Zealand for you guys what do
you think I should do do you think I
should just name them like day like all
of the days in order or should I like
skip days when I name them in the tire
you know me might one day 109 day 110 or
do I just go like day 100 does this make
sense I don't know how to label my vlogs
if I miss a day with something or do I
just like add two days together if I
like do like a two in one I don't know
help me figure out how to do this
because I don't know hope you guys enjoy
today's vlog and I don't know if I'll
talk to you tomorrow
playable who knows bye
