good morning beautiful people holy a
crap you see how bright read I am I just
did a killer workout at the gym I was
feeling very very very frustrated this
morning by the way quick note if you
don't like me talking about stuff that
pisses me off or ranting or um just
anything like that like I am NOT the
kind of person that sugarcoats things so
this isn't the channel for you
I just want to say that because
sometimes people like give me for
like getting upset about things I might
talk about I'm like wait a second
I thought this was my channel anyways I
was feeling frustrated smiley I'm not
gonna talk about it doesn't even measure
um so I just like the best workout I
like it kick my own ass it was great I
was like actually came home frustrated
more often this is like a really good
workout there's got home and I was just
like in the car and their dolphins are
hitting me and I'm just like man I just
like I'm so thankful for my life like no
matter what I have to go through
like that people shouldn't have to go
through whatever I'm grateful that I
have a roof of my head I have food I
have water I have an education I have
hamish I have my puppies I have a great
family and I have you guys who like it
was so there was so much support on this
matter and I'm just so thankful to have
you guys and you guys that watch me and
know me like know that I love you it's
only the people that don't like me in
the first place that try to like spend
those things back onto me so guys wanna
say I love you guys so much and I'm
feeling very good about today ah
apart from the fact that I'm like
struggling to breathe around home um so
I'm gonna have a smoothie for breakfast
I may have a shower I'm gonna wash my
hair because it's super easy and then I
have so many parcels you guys like
before I went to the gym so I woke up a
little bit late today because in the
middle that I woke up and I couldn't
sleep and stuff I like woke up like this
morning and the Korean head light
already come and there was so many
packages were like I mean yes so many
packages but not like tons and tons but
like really big packages as well like
one of them super heavy so I'll open
them as well today I'm really excited to
see what's inside and share it with you
guys um and then I'm going to spinach
the day is hang some more and schedule
at my videos and stuff a video from
Easter is going really
well so thank you guys so much for all
of your nice comments I'm so excited for
Tahiti as well I'm sure Kellie won't
mind but she got engaged and when I sit
the other day like two of my friends
have gotten engaged so she got engaged
and another one of my friends got
engaged like different friends so I
don't know I'm just so excited and they
were like cleaning and getting parties
and stuff and I'm just like ah love is
in the air and it makes me so happy like
to see my friends so happy and I'm just
like I feel like crying right now like
that's how happy I am I'm so pathetic
sometimes you just need a little bit of
perspective and like you just need to
think about things like at the same time
I hate it when people say like don't
complain like your life is good because
everyone is entitled to have bad days no
matter who you are there's always going
to be someone out there there's a bit of
life than you and always going to be
someone out there that's the worst life
than you you can't compare yourself to
anyone else it is your life and you are
entitled to your feelings I think that's
a really important thing like I talked
about that when I talked about like when
I went through a bit of depression
anxiety and stuff which is still
something I struggle with like a lot of
people say like I feel like I'm not
allowed to feel like this you are
allowed to feel the way you want to feel
not necessarily the way you want to feel
but the feelings you have and not
invalid like don't let people tell you
that I hate it when people say that to
me but it's also a good thing like so to
put it in perspective and just think you
know like once you've had your little
upset moment just think about it again
and say you know what like I've actually
got a lot of good things happening for
me as well I hope all of you guys are
having a good day and if you're not seen
you virtual hugs as I also did I was
going to follow a bunch of you who sent
me a screenshot of my videos which I did
do but heaps of you guys said that I
didn't see your tweets because I got so
many and then I was like working and
stuff so feel free to see me another
tweet and I would love to follow some of
you guys just be patient because you
know sometimes I don't see all my tweets
so feel free just to post it a couple
times if you want to but leave me down
below some recommendations on some
smoothie recipes because I feel like try
something you actually today do you know
what I feel like is that banana coffee
one but I don't have any bananas Oh
sigh this is the only frozen fruit I
have some frozen blueberries
you guys are probably screaming at maybe
like Shannon go grocery shopping which I
really need to do it but I hate grocery
shopping I don't know why I used to love
it and now I hate it and I just keep
putting it off I'm like now that'll just
wait till you're back from Tahiti but
it's getting to the point now where it's
kind of like I've actually got nothing
to eat by the way if you're wondering
like what's hammer hitting then he's
been at Messi like full-time
his head like breakfast here and he has
a different breakfast to me he had like
porridge and stuff so I should
definitely get onto this because I mean
spinach blueberries and having milk
exciting but you're going to try a
little bit of this in here too just
making a little cocktail anti what is a
coconut water organic add one tablespoon
to water what about a little smoothies
ultimate hydration which is good because
I'm thirsty
all right let's give this a go it's a
really good just simple just like a like
blueberry milkshake okay so I said a
shower as you can see I thought I would
open up these packages it's about 5:30
and I've just been editing all morning
I've got to do like one more video and
then it is today's vlog and then I have
to just set up all the videos to go I've
done most of I just got to obviously set
up the one I haven't edited yet and then
I'm good to go for Tahiti so I'm super
stoked there I've got all that work done
so there's a whole lot of videos coming
up the entire time I'm away like on my
normal upload days Monday Wednesday
Friday so I'm just going to open up this
mail and they get so much and carry on
because tomorrow I need to go into town
and buy some flip-flops and check my
pure box and just run some errands
before I leave and finish packing of
course as well so let's see what's in
this mailers once you're through boy
there are six packages here let's see
what's in here
Oh white box boutique what is it
this is or you can't see this is too
short
hey I'm here it's probably not for you
hello hope you're well we are excited to
announce and share with you and you my
girl purple sunglasses Becky Australia
exclusive to white fox
yes sunglasses have been designed off
the original best-selling muggle black
but with a new twist of a limited
edition purple I've also included
another new micro style featuring of
clear flake this reflector frame it just
for you these are available from
Whitehorse boutique or the key Australia
website cool hope you love them as much
as they do Georgia Thank You Georgia now
these aren't going to look that
fluttering on me right now with my hair
up in it
give the bail rip could you hear him
popping the bubble rip could you say hi
come on
do I say hi okay not gonna look that
flaring when my hair is up like this but
let's say a cool look quahogs doom
camera ow
they are so cool they look so much
better in real life they're really
really vibrant like the Purple's really
by brain are these are just like Slayer
ones which are also really cool so they
clear with like a silver reflect my gosh
I love the purple ones are inverse sneak
peek just for you hair conditioning
system unlock the health of your hair
with the power of ice some before and
afters and bangs ice mist hair spritzer
preparation for inverse conditioning for
all hair types refrigerate for maximum
effect but over the hiccups with years
of heat styling and damage painfully
longer permit replenishing treatments
and many expensive attempts to restore
the initiative here women are still
searching for the answer how to sing the
power of ice in verses a breakthrough
here conditioning system that restores
your hair from the inside out
and my other treatments that are Neal
coat or modify your hair and those use a
subzero tip which is naturally
conditioned and revitalize the more you
inverse the better the results nothing
else can give you the shiny strong
healthy huge' tube naturally don't
compromise love your hair whoo inverse
system includes all your eye scores
carry big user guide like a hair
straightener but I guess it like freezes
your hair it's so I don't have to give
it a go at some stage oh it's got water
in it it must like chill your hair or
something oh it is really cold
it's so weird I've never heard of
anything like it it's really interesting
I guess you can google it if you want to
find more information called inverse
hair conditioning system thank you to
inverse for sending that to me to try
its up we have something from the body
shop
what is it Lily oh it smells so good no
wonder the dogs are hanging around hey
was it what is it go away it's like
waking is talese like I want this this
is glazed apple shower gel which I think
that's what I can smell it's just like
such good air it smells like those 10
year cool Ollie's which were my favorite
wood I was little glazed apple shimmer
lotion glazed apple sugar scrub and body
butter I'm guessing this is just like a
Christmas perhaps is there like randoms
packaging ever look at it it's like a
giant airport I only just got there I
thought it was like a Christmas
decoration or something next up is a box
from America they did not make this box
easy to get into let me tell you they're
reaching these in a favorites video a
while back they've sent me a little
pamphlet
a bunch of them to try so they're all
just like lipsticks which kind of change
hello
I've no idea what this is oh I remember
now I was really confused because I know
it's something that I bought of myself
because I used you shop for it I think I
was like what is it it is look how weird
this is um these are lids to go on top
of my mac lipsticks because I barely
ever use my mac lipsticks because I
can't see the colors I've got so many of
them it's just too annoying to go
through them all and like try and find
one color unless I know the color off by
heart which I don't so these are just
clear lid so you can I put on top so
I'll show you that one day when I
actually like organize them and then the
final thing here is a massive heavy box
from chichi it is so heavy
we've got more eyeshadow palette and
guessing these are like christmas dates
there's another Extravaganza color some
creamy matte liquid lipstick collection
more sets this one has like I should
have color lip glosses and a blush
nicely what I think I'm just going to go
like this because I don't think I can
actually open this right out life to
wait until I get back from holiday got
some new at jumbo eye crowns eyeliner
like just so many sit I think I'm gonna
have to go through this again like when
I get back from holiday when I actually
have the time to like go through it all
and like you know oh my god I've been
wanting to try these these are the new
brow pomade by Chi Chi and apparently
they are incredible I've been seeing so
many rave reviews about them so I'm
excited in this is just so many like
sets and things like nail polish and all
sorts thank you so much Chi Chi you
completely overly spoiled me thank you
so much I'll do like a proper like
overview unboxing at some stage right in
one of my vlogs when I actually have a
little bit more time so I think I'm just
going to have that other frozen meal for
lunch
since as I say I've got like no food
right now and then I'm just going to it
and hopefully I can get done it within
the next couple of hours and hopefully
like get some more packing done or
something just because I'm running out
of time a little bit this is a pumpkin
spinach mushroom it cannelloni so here's
how it looks it smells really good this
is probably going to burn my mouth I
think I might have actually tried this
one before in the past from memory oh
god I just got like a massive piece of
pasta oh pretty good it's just really
hot I'm just editing a first impression
right now and
you guys in a bit why you say it right
now hmm
Luiz been having cuddles like I've had
to stop every few minutes because it
just keeps crying I don't know why I
think you might be feeling a bit anxious
something bit yeah
let's have a cuddle come here look I'm
waking histo Hey
do you know that I'm getting ready to go
over season you're getting sad about it
lucky your dad will be here to look
after you a thank goodness like Hamish
basically finishes when I leave so it's
perfect timing
the you need again to the blankets no
you can't climb all over me all the time
yeah backwards walk backwards that's it
stubborn Oh his head enough now you want
to play Georgia play okay Hamish got
Louise some chicken maggots from
McDonald's for his birthday
look how serious you tie it it's your
birthday
well actually it was yesterday but we'll
be gene like is today do you any
birthday present this is your birthday
present do you feel ripped off huh he go
this for you
happy birthday buggy YUM when it was
this his birthdays it's got a McFlurry
or not a hot one obviously but a couple
spoonfuls he's so tired it's just been
asleep all afternoon so lucky so I
decided it is saying that pale skin like
neutral daytime look and I'm going to
finish that off tomorrow morning and
once I finish there I'm well and truly
sorted yay so that's super super awesome
now I don't have to stress and hopefully
everything runs smoothly while I'm away
I should have Wi-Fi hopefully like in
our room so if you know worst comes to
worst I'll be able to do a little work
but hopefully everything goes up swiftly
and smoothly and she's got home women
hidden I don't know what I'm doing
pretending it was like got no food
yeah then I think tomorrow me and Kelly
are gonna go hop into town I need to go
buy some like flip-flops because Louie
chewed out my flip-flops and we need
like bug spray and just all those little
things like some like you know hay fever
tablets and just put some pieces like
that just in case like to usually just
take over a few little bits and bobs
like that and some like treble um
containers for my shampoo deshone just
all those little things so tomorrow I'll
probably show you what I pack as well
and I'll show you what I pack with my
makeup and everything so tomorrow's vlog
should be a little bit more entertaining
than today's that Mayall was super fun
to open though I can't wait to open up
all that cheesy stuff I just had to get
Hamish to move it into the spare room
because I can't lift the box pretty well
and he was like oh how much makeup has
been here listen did you enjoy your
birthday I would feel so ripped off if I
was them hi
see I'm gonna take the rest of the night
off because I have been glued to the
computer screen all day got so much work
done which is such a relief Oh
everyone's asking in my day 100 in 6 I
think it is yet day 106 which blackhead
mask I was wearing and I thought I'd
show you in a video rather than
commenting because otherwise people
won't see the comments but hopefully
because you guys are commenting on my
blogs you watch them every day so these
are the black-headed ones I used the
other night they are by the face shop
and I got them off career depart I think
but if you just google them they should
come up yeah they're pretty good I like
them I think I work a little bit better
than the big ones like in my opinion oh
yeah there is that but I would just
mention quickly and then the other mask
I followed up with was this one which I
sit in the video anyway but just in case
you missed it I love this so it's been
saved I looked on it actually won't talk
nervous I am excited to run out so I
went onto Sephora so I was going to use
my ship it to to get some luck that they
didn't have this on the American Sephora
website I got this when I was in Italy
so does anyone know where I can buy this
from I love it it's so good and I really
want to try some more buy this brand
like some different stuff from this
brand because it seriously did wonders
on my skin I don't want to wait until I
give it
get some more so if you could help me
out there be sorted at a quick look and
I think they had an online website but I
was wondering if there was like a
website similar to a Sephora and stuff
because then I have buy other stuff at
the same time yeah let me know otherwise
I just have to use their actual website
Ivan Berg calm by the way I had to put
this music box in here because when I
was filming it keep going off and link
and came into the bathroom last night at
like 2:00 a.m. and it just starts going
off by itself it's really creepy so yeah
I don't know what that's all about
Louie ended up ordering delivery Thai
food or for dinner it's different cities
hey why is he backing Chloe hey guys
okay I realize now April's friend Lauren
is here therefore something wrong a
condo thanks you can't just get a condo
missed you together forever
what relationship motive we're playing
minecraft story again cuz what I've been
the new chip is a tie cuz it comes out
chapter by chapter we understand okay
the thing is the number one no it's the
story of ocean I like these kinds of
games they're fun
do you like choose what the characters
do whoa whoa whoa she's having a nap
after his mecca's halo no so we just
finished watching episode 2 of Fargo and
so far it's really really good so that's
probably going to be our next addiction
and we also watch it oh one or two
episodes push an episode of made Chelsea
why don't you Oh Elsa called pipes and
recreation and then we play go second
chapter which is pretty to be
honest like the first one was way better
and then yeah we just watched Fargo so
I'm looking forward to tomorrow to get
everything finished off and finish
packing and everything and then
fully ready to go so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk to
you more hi
