hey everyone so just got back from the
gym I just did some more stuff at home
as well so I'm like a sweaty mess but
I'm gonna film a video this morning
because it's pretty much one of the last
opportunities I'm gonna get to film
before I go away because I'll be busy
like editing scheduling stuff that I
haven't scheduled yet and picking and
stuff everything so puffed sorry I'm
sorry cuz I came a talk I'm just going
to make a smoothie for breakfast and
then I'm going to go to Charlotte and
start filming and then later this
afternoon and I'll probably just spend
my time like editing and everything and
getting everything sorted also got a
couple packages so we'll open those
later on this afternoon
put on way too much that green stuff
it's not terrible I always say that I'm
just trying to trick myself into
thinking it's not terrible hey guys so
it's 1:30 and I just finished filming I
did a gigi hadid makeup tutorial which
I've changed the color because I also
did a lip swatch video on my YSL rouge
the lapped up sticks finally we need to
do this nice way for like years so yeah
that's what I filmed today and now I'm
gonna go edit
well actually I'm gonna eat something
cuz I'm quite hungry so got my tea it's
like cold now but y'all this mikes about
as big as my head I just wiped off my
lipstick too umm so yeah that's my day
makeup look came out so good I can't
wait for you guys to see it I'm gonna
edit it right now because I'm really
excited to see the footage win and then
yeah I need to like schedule my videos
I've already scheduled a couple like I
said last week but I still need to do a
couple more like the thing I'm sorted
for while I'm away but it's more like as
soon as I get back okay I don't wanna be
like on the computer first thing when I
land back in New Zealand you know what I
mean so just a whole lot of day of
organizing I've already done like most
of my emails as well I did some just
before then in between filming so ah
it's good it's a good feeling I feel
like I'm kind of like conquering it all
feel like I'm on top of things I feel
organized good it's such a good feeling
what does this Valentina Valentina it's
like the normal version and then the
pink version is incredible as well this
one I love it Oh sir I still need to put
away all of that makeup I received it
last week cuz I'm a chair and I also
confiscated the dogs squeaky toys just
before because they were squeaking them
while I was traveling so I'm like no you
can play with your ropes while I'm
filming it because those are too noisy
and I've also got all of this stuff to
put away as well watch him is this is
probably gonna have to wait until I get
back from Tahiti to be honest I still
haven't been grocery shopping and kind
of putting it off on my own I might as
well just wait until like I get back
from Tahiti I don't know this is the
registered visual making cheese I bought
off cruelty was it the cruelty-free shop
kowtowing did or something this was just
in the freezer so I'm just gonna heat
this up for lunch because I feel lazy
and
I've got like some frozen veggies and
stuff so I might make some kind of like
curry or stir-fry or something for
dinner tonight
I'll see what Hamish feels like - all
right let's open up this mail quickly
because there's only two so we have a
lid over on Elizabeth out and I haven't
opened it yet and then this is from
always as they think caught on um
perfect timing much this is Elise the
Sun SPF 30 for sensitive skin with shea
butter jojoba oil and vitamin E it's
organic and cruelty-free um and then
there's also another one it looks the
same as his face and body as well so
just a couple different sizes so I'll
definitely take this with me or disease
there you go smaller sizes 1750 and the
massive size is 39 and 90 and then here
is the stockist details just here so
that's perfect and this is just a little
invite to an elizabeth arden event up in
auckland
here's lunch and it is roast vegetable
mac and cheese as you guys saw before
and it smells really really good so it
looks like there's a bit of cabbage and
broccoli and stuff in there oh I'm
 up the camera this is probably
gonna be in my mouth right now but we'll
give it a go how amazing is this um
glow it on my cheeks - oh it's hot but
it's really good yeah that's nice I like
mashed pumpkin or it goes a peppercorn
they measure pumpkin or something in it
- I don't know what that is so I just
finished entertaining my tutorial that I
filmed today it's just like a chitchat
one that didn't actually take me too
long to eat it and it finished my lunch
yet should probably do that yeah I am it
just going to put a picture on my
Instagram because my new video went up
today it is this one here the one that I
found the other day I'm in love with it
I just wanted to put up a chitchat URI
with me since like all of these
Halloween ones were all like voiceovers
I really want to do a chit chat for
those asking the Japanese candy video
and the half face dupes video are coming
really soon so don't worry they are
definitely coming I haven't forgotten I
just wanted to like put up this one as I
see it and then Wednesday's video is a
collab with crystal which I cannot wait
for you guys are gonna love it
there's got some more parcels so let's
have a look and see what's inside so
elixir Persico sent me a new pigment
that is coming out this one's called a
regal
and it's like a blackened goldish kind
of color hopefully you can see that
that's that looks like and I also got
this which I'm so excited about I'm
gonna start trying it out ASAP and then
review it in a video somewhere this is
the ultimate skin inspire face cleaning
at brush system a vanity planet and I've
heard so many good things when YouTubed
about this and then also Beauty giant
Sephora launches Australian online store
so this is from Sephora calm delay you
this little gifts it yes sesame heaps of
goodies I'm gonna post a picture to my
facebook page at some stage just
announcing the launch of sephora.com to
a you as well
so this is super super exciting there's
some nude sticks to yay I've been tried
out heaps of the stuff before into a
cute
and may or may not have forgotten that
it was Lilly's birthday today so I mean
I wish were like it's okay we'll just
give him something tomorrow he will
never know at home I'm such a bad person
I've got a black head mask on I'm gonna
wait for it to dry and I'll see how much
crap I can get out of my nose because I
hit some blackheads earlier I'm gonna
watch some TV now we just had Keri
fitting out it was young just finished
off one of my videos what's the time
it's even theory hey miss you should do
one of these she is so much I have
enough at work my eyes are watering I'm
crying
gross I just put on my Eisenberg mask
purif n't mask we're watching the first
episode of Fargo the TV series right now
so I'm excited to see how we like it
I'm spraying this mask on on top just to
tighten up my pores and just because my
skin feels like average I'm gonna sleep
now we've just they want Jane lacks
recreation we watched the first episode
of Fargo and it was really good so
probably watch someone tomorrow maybe
Bambi retires been doing work all day so
I hope you guys enjoy says welcomes her
it wasn't too eventful and I'll talk to
you tomorrow
