good morning so it's Sunday I'm in
Wellington it's a low sales and today's
was pretty much Ruger the exact same
it's a well it went up exactly one week
ago after the night out in Wellington
last week with Krista when Dean and
Sally and Pagan basically same scenario
today we're going to cut out and find
some breakfast hopefully not lose the
car and then I'm going to drive home to
Pammy and probably get some better
chicken and it's going to be it's well I
came at what probably if my mind is just
like Blair because I'm so hungry and I
need some water and some orange juice
like ASAP I also pet two right shoes by
accident but luckily I found these white
ones in my car but who does theirs I'm
such a dick we're going to ed nygma for
breakfast and apparently it's really
good it's Tommy and Sally's favorite and
I always see them posting photos of this
food while making a cold face with a
kind of like okay I'll try it
I can't wait I'm so hungry which I
really said but Yolo ami struggling I
Jamie yeah
this is I like a bit like orange juice
my BFFL Oh water lucky you guys thank
you
what are you doing oh right
literally coming over this was we don't
even have anything what got his orange
juice and they're like no it's really
scary do it he keeps looking at us like
you want to scratch him he's like
ruffling himself up once crap
oh no oh what's going on
zip popping his feathers what is he
doing
they gave it to me with bacon so I gave
it to tell me yeah I got experience with
hashbrowns in tomatoes it looks kind of
normal on camera like short and stumpy
anyway you're supposed to say goodbye to
my vlog hey hi baby did you miss me did
you to miss Maggie never never uh-huh
don't cry it's okay so since yesterday's
cliffhanger you're probably wondering
why happened last night in town
basically just similar situation as last
time just um you know couldn't step down
the street for like two meters without
people stopping me which you know it's
fine 20 cm I like meeting people but I
think when it you're clubbing it's more
just like people know of you they're not
really like some people differently are
fans but some people are just like on
the local section and girl and they'll
stop you and ask for photos and stuff
which is fine for a while but after it's
being like you know two or three hours
it starts getting a little overwhelming
like don't get me wrong it's really cool
but it does get overwhelming and like
when you're with friends and stuff
they're like they just stop and wait and
like I don't know it just gets a little
bit too much it gets a little bit
intense I guess so that wasn't the like
real bad part like the real bad part was
again people grabbing me I'm girl like
lunged at me across from his Haywood and
like jabbed me in the chair like it's
was saying something about fake boobs or
something and just saying got into my do
but I was just like ah here we go
and then Sally overheard some go in the
bathroom being like I love it when
people grab my tits and I was basically
calling me a little bit or something
because I asked people not to touch them
and I was just like having a go and
Sally was like yeah we'll just don't
like don't touch them they're like yeah
people I just I don't know damned if I
do damned if I don't like I can't do
anything about it so I think I'm just at
that stage now where I probably just
will stop going clubbing which is a
shame because I like doing it with my
friends I like going out and dancing and
stuff ballet we can even dive it's like
we couldn't go anywhere we can do
anything and so we just ended up going
home because it was just a bit of action
not just me like Sully as well like she
got the exact same treatment so apart
from the boob grabbing I think it's like
you know everyone's under the influence
of well not everyone but a lot of people
under the influence of alcohol and I
think people just kind of lose those
boundaries and like no no it's like I'm
treated like a piece of meat and
everyone just wants to like grab me and
pull my hair and grab my arm and like
jump on top of me like you know like
take photos of me like when I'm not even
like like you know like it's not even
like hey Shane how you to photo with you
it's like which is people taking photos
of me and I don't really like that when
it happens it's just weird there's just
me but you can't really stop people from
doing stuff like that so I think I'm
just going to avoid places where there's
alcohol involved like for the most part
I'm super worried about our house now
like hopefully like I know I sound like
such a dick but I do want to just hang
out my friends a little bit as well like
I know I'm in a public place and it's
going to happen people going to come up
to me and that's fine like I like
meeting people but just the extent
sometimes and so I don't know and just
like over it and it was just a bummer
like you know like people are spilling
their drinks oh man like like standing
on my feet and just like all of those
things that normally have some you go
clubbing that you would expect except
just amplify like so much more intense
and like my friends were all kind of
like this is lame so yeah we'll just see
what happens I'm just probably going to
avoid going clubbing stuff for the most
part just do it every once in a while
like and then because it like just
happened last weekend and then I went
out this weekend it was just all too
fresh and like people just think it's
like a big joke to like grab my body now
when I'm just like ah that's cool that's
fine when really it's not fun at all
like I really don't appreciate it I
don't mean to make anyone feel bad as I
say but I'm not a piece of meat and I
don't like it when people could touch me
it's as simple as that like if you want
to grab my boobs like just know it so
yeah hopefully no one takes the wrong
way I'm not trying to be like a total
bitch and a dick and thus say anything
else but I'm only human I'm a normal
person - like I realized my job's a bit
different and like people enjoy watching
my videos and everything but I'm still
just a normal girl that wants to just
have fun with her friends and enjoy a
night out once in a while and like it's
just like I've got all these other
things too
worry about no you know I like I've got
people taking photos of me and like
coming up to me like it's just I don't
know say I'm gonna eat your size blog
now no I'm gonna have a shower boy this
is my ear I'm gonna have a shower and
then hop and beta my pajamas okay I'm
like so flash it's so hot in this house
right now yes I like no one's been home
for the last couple hours so like all
the doors being shut I'm just gonna rush
slider cuz it is it cooking so yeah I'm
just going to start editing that's what
she has in a bit I just had a shower and
I feel so much better
ah so I am just waiting home shit back
I'm like can you please bring me better
chicken
he was like okay so he's bring me better
sauce and garlic naan and I'm so excited
also random thought here show me the
other day gets really offensive like
male on his Facebook page or something
of like ah people are such digs people
like freaking giving you dip threes and
stuff being like you don't deserve
Shannon you're a piece of shit like
hating on him and stuff
stop being so psycho seriously stop
being so psycho and on another note of
like me just being a normal person like
I sang earlier like I'm just like a
normal girl I may have a weird job that
underneath it all and just like you I'm
just a normal person and feelings
stop trying to like get my attention
through other people like this is
actually my biggest pet peeve is when
like for example Sally is her own person
Hamish is his own person it's not
Shannon's friend or Shannon's boyfriend
it's Hamish in Sally like people
literally mailed him to try and get my
attention people mail Hamish like
everyday asking him to tell me to like
you know seen the makeup and like all
the stuff it's like oh he'll get
messages it's just hey can you please
touch Internet blah blah blah blah and I
know like you're coming from a good
place and like you just want to like
tell me a nice thing will tell me a nice
message or whatever but
Hamish's is on person like he has his
own channel he has his own fan base he
has his own viewership believe it or not
he hits tons of people that watch him
you know that don't necessarily watch me
like he has his own you know people he
doesn't deserve to be just like my
boyfriend like he of course is my
boyfriend and I'm sure he's like happy
to be my boyfriend but like here's this
own person and it just frustrates me
when people try to just use him to get
to me like just a normal person like you
can just write on my wall you don't have
to like send it through him or send it
through Sully like they are their own
people and they're amazing people and
they both have amazing channels and make
amazing videos and they deserve their
own recognition like they don't just
deserve to be linked to me all the time
so how many things are just annoying me
today like I just had like the worst
time last night and now I'm just like I
don't want people to get too scared like
if they come up and say hello to me but
like you just have to realize like I
don't know the more and more this stuff
happens and people I just really like
inappropriate to me or like pushing me
around or like getting too touchy grabby
like that makes me every single time
that happens that makes me scared and
scared to meet my genuine viewers like I
could have the most lovely amazing
awesome subscriber come up to me and I
could be like hmm because I don't know
what they're gonna do I'm at the point
where I just don't know how people are
gonna like treat me when they meet me
and it's really not a nice feeling so I
just hope you guys understand like I'm
not trying to be a bitch I'm just trying
to get everything out on the table like
stop sending me messages to Hamish
stop asking him to seemed like you
makeup and stuff and stop trying to just
use people to get to me it's so rude and
it just needs to be seen at so rude and
horrible and I see comments all the time
on like his Instagram and stuff and it's
just really not nice like how would you
feel it's like kind of the equivalent of
like when like a guy you like talks to
you and get really excited but then he's
just like oh what's your best friend's
phone number or something you know what
I mean it's like it's just rude and it's
just uncalled for
and I know I get so many messages and I
know I might not see your comment and I
know that might suck
the end of the day as horrible as it is
that's just life Hamish and Sully and
the rest of my friends deserve to be
recognized as their own people and not
just like my accomplices and like I just
I don't know I know it sucks but I just
hope you can understand where I'm coming
from
it really does genuinely upset me and he
doesn't mind just being my like sidekick
he's not my sidekick he is his own
amazing person and he deserves to be
treated like his own an amazing person
so yeah another one of those rocky
videos today isn't it I'm sorry guys I'm
just so excited that much to bring me my
food my skin's finally starting to clear
up a little bit hopefully it doesn't
break out well there's junk food I'm
eating today by the way vanilla vodka
revolting no regrets
Hamish brought me butter sauce and just
got some cool news two of my friends got
engaged this weekend which is so awesome
and just in beard got my butter chicken
we're just gonna enjoy some time
together mere name as you watch some
stuff on TV I think and then you get off
my phone people are annoying me
understood yes sir
hey yeah hey sis please hey this is Kim
here so he's give me a sales trying to
explain to people the other day there's
also stubborn places this is a perfect
example this is gonna become you okay so
not even looking Zeus Zeus give me
hungry Colin delicious Zeus come here
Cobra Zeus Zeus
Lily give your Louie famous player a
sleeping music do you guys listen to
sleeping music his waiter I know the
song what is that oh I should know
they actually have the fan on tonight
cuz it's so friggin hot I want to say
here wait wait
give the temperature right wait that's
tap over here hold on
as what I love how we both like it so
hot but it's just 15 degrees don't feel
so much hold of that that feels hotter
than their way hotter but yeah we're
going to be now we just watch like tons
of episodes of patch migration it's
really good now so I'm glad we got
through that first season if it's cloudy
at night doesn't make a warmer yeah I
think it trips in the heat of fine day
should know that yeah I learned about at
school but I just can't remember the fix
yeah you spend those yawns Oh anyways
we're gonna slate now if you guys
enjoyed today's love don't say boy not
real ruthless Shh goodbye the server
solution
