hey everyone today is Saturday I got
back from Germany the day before
yesterday so I was just catching up on
work obviously and sleeping coz jetlag
and then today we are on our way we big
me Mikayla and Kelly we're on our way to
Sully's because it's her birthday party
today and I'm very excited she's having
like a bit of a party and some pre drags
and platters and stuff so I'm really
looking forward to seeing her academic
seen her in a little bit so yeah I'm
excited I'm driving up so and Kelly and
Mikhail are just gonna get dropped off
so we just arrived to New Plymouth and
we're at a little hotel and we've made a
sit up because there's like no natural
lighting in the shower and stuff like
it's really docking hiss or I thought
attack number off the wall and be really
annoying and move it this is like yellow
life so yeah this is every room Sally I
keep doing this all day Kelly Sally
rhymes and Sally's getting reading now
and then we're probably just gonna go
round to her place in a bit after we're
really we're just gonna chill get rid of
take our time and tonight will be good I
need to put this in the fridge that's
really so cute where are we staying
landmark Manor
it's just like a little motel it's so
good nice and tidy al I sure hope my
foot dedication to Lauren if you're
watching we're doing shots overt vodka
or way I haven't shown a makeup look
who's behind me holy crap
so I'm wearing this shitty clip Ella is
my highlight my eyeshadows nuoc so
beauty lashes Clooney
what's a course beyond something beyond
belief dude by the way I'm not even
drunk eid sound drunk I've only had like
one shot um and this is for locally
that's all that matters
so yeah we're doing shots of vodka
what'd you do wait I need a like doing a
tutorial yeah new tutorial okay you do
one by yourself so I can film it
well I can't have the coffee so oh yeah
that's true that's not really proper
you're supposed to do bite one side and
coffee and one side icing sugar at least
just protein because yeah it's my good
idea you bite it and get the juice and
your mouth and then okay I retain only
and it tastes like nothing like it's so
good we did it before yeah yeah you need
to have it fresh
you can't linger this is Thomas sure
what's gonna literally like I want to
buy that behemoth he would die yours I
need to lift a little bit
oh my god my rock
what are you doing down here in this fan
so lucky yeah I'm gonna bring it me get
my game on you go tape it up yay
that was an attempt shallows like drying
myself moisturizing and then all of a
sudden the spider like crawled all up my
neck and I just screamed I couldn't stop
shaking and cried breaking out think
something's really wrong and we can't
find the spider let's say growing so
we're off to get groceries now and you
know like after you know about you spit
on you you just feel like everything
hurts everything's itchy like it's a bit
me or something which I don't their
hands but you know I mean it must have
been like a white towel or something
because it differently it wasn't any
type of day long weeks it was super fast
but it was bigger than a jumping spider
that was the only space we really give
our house is jumping spiders day long
leagues and white tails unfortunately I
just feel like I stole the
heebie-jeebies I feel like my heart is
still pumping million beats per hour oh
hey mrs. just like still like he's like
still like own age he was like I thought
you'd like cut yourself or something
like so dramatic but I was like well I
don't really predict your reaction to
something like that like I just screamed
just so loud I didn't even know I could
scream that loud like I didn't think I
was that scared of spiders I think it
was just like so big and so fast it was
like a horror movie it was like she got
this like and now I'm like terrified
stole my hair and my name is chicken bar
and he's like works with spiders than I
am so oh boy
so anyways I'm in the car now whatever
hey mister just put on his shoes because
we are going to go get groceries we
literally have like no healthy food
apart from prag apart from some fruit
and I need some veggies in my life I
need lettuce and roast veggies and we've
got like no cheese we've got no soy milk
like we just need groceries like it's
kind of like everything in our cupboard
is really mumble jumbled and I just
don't know what to do with any of it so
I need like stuff I've got my brain I've
got my eggs
gonna have a card oh so yeah really need
to get some groceries today here he
comes
Oh stocked up again
I'm gonna try and actually make some
healthy meals this week so stay tuned so
it is now top of tea and I've been
editing this video for a couple of hours
and I'm just having an absolute mayhem
she's gonna go buy me a whole new
computer sit-up because like every
single time I've been editing I've had
issues if you follow me on twitter you
know this I just can't deal with it
I'm just really important this because
it corrupted half way my whole computer
just like shut down I hit him out down
opened it up again it wasn't corrupted
so I'm like re-imported the footage
luckily the memory cards okay it just
corrupted all the actual like files that
were on my computer that I just imported
but I already like reiated today and now
it's like having issues I'm hopefully
this fixes it I'm just refusing to touch
my computer right now cuz I don't want
it to freeze the gain or something so
that'd be good getting a whole new
computer and everything mmm it is time
out upgrade to be honest like I was
vlogging last time I got me to come here
it might have been a couple years ago
and you think about how often I eat it
on those like it's a lot so I really
should be upgrading my computer anyway
so now I'm just being forced into it
because I can't deal with this anymore
um so yeah just gonna I'll show you it
when it arrives anyway and show you what
I picked up it's freaking expensive but
work related costs you know we gave me
he cut the other day is why he's looking
short and fat yes he looks even fatter
when I am shavers here he also killed
you
I'm gonna show you guys some pages later
so I'm hoping if I can get all my work
done to hit over to extra beauty later
because I was thinking of doing like
special like pecs for Christmas just
like gift packs like like no putting in
any different actual price like just
putting stuff in that you can buy
currently on the website except just
like doing all of my favorite things for
gift ideas like you know for someone
there wants to buy someone a beauty gift
that doesn't know what to get and maybe
they like my videos they can just go in
there and pick one of the pecs and it's
gonna have everything I love you know
like some of my favorites to create a
certain look like makeup brushes lashes
followed by so yeah me and I'm gonna do
that to give the later hopefully if I
can get
you know all my work done like I see
because I need to put up the video today
I was hoping to have it up already and
it probably would be up already
and we went for these computer issues so
what can you do though anyway I'm up
here because I am freaking starving at
this point I'm gonna make some lunch I
don't know what I feel like kind of just
feel like a wrap or something maybe I
don't know yeah let's do a wrap
every time I try to eat up my thumbnail
this just freezes so I've just given up
we're so close you guys this is taking
so long I'm literally like having not
like a proper panic attack but many like
a Kate like struggling but I just like
get really oh I don't know what's wrong
with me I had to keep pacing I feel like
I got really probably my computer at
like I it's done I'm just really
struggling today my computer Kate's
rainbow screening every time I would
like try to do anything it would like
you know in the MacBook it just like
spins just feel good today
I feel so stressed and my heart is just
going million miles in a minute I had a
coffee earlier maybe it's like giving me
a bed you know sometimes being coffee
gives you a little bit of like anxiety
and stuff I think that's happening to me
because everything just keeps going
wrong and after the spider situation and
breathe and take a break so and once I
get this video up yeah I got my video up
it is a mini video and now I am ready to
head over XY video it's 3:45 p.m. so
that took me all day to do this which
should have been done around lunchtime
which is quite sad but hey do you want
to know how much this freaking new
computer system is going to cost but I'm
like it's going to be worth it it's a
work expense it's an investment
obviously I eat it all the bloomin time
like these computers cost thousands on
their own my upgrade it's costing
literally like ten thousand dollars
that's a friggin car like it's so stupid
but it's my job it's a little bit
cramped I'd rather spin team green on
like a holiday or what a slowly and you
puppy and I'm just kidding or makeup
what else what else could we spend
$2,000 on towards a beach house or
I don't know lots of things but it was
so be worth it
Hamish reckons is going to make my life
a lot easier it's specifically like it's
Meg I don't know what it is I'll show
you it when it arrives but it's
specifically like for a hard out
computer like editing software like
editing videos photos music like all
sorts of stuff like that so it should be
good and if it makes my life a bit
easier it is hand takes away all of the
stress it's so seriously how expensive
like at least being a business you know
you get to climbing back on tax and
everything thank goodness so it's not as
bad we're gonna take them for a wal
cater I'm excited after dinner it's hot
okay time to go you so beauty I'm
procrastinating I've already wasted
enough time today not by my own fault
but anyway I'm gonna shout out some get
some of you guys hopefully you can see
your coming I love this comment I think
someone's just clicks that middle button
mm-hmm accurate Oh
someone said they left the foundation
that didn't work out for me
we're we going are you going for a walk
do you ever walk do you want to go for a
walk so this is why I've got better
things to do but I might as well hey
look would you call it come on come he's
going oh my god
here we go here we go here we go
the fake class now I'm using it this one
here the evolu pyrrha fiying at mosque
with bow Tanic electors and kalynn it
clay I love this one as you can tell
we've got another useful to out of here
to be honest Oh to go um so you'll see
eventually in a empties video I am sure
that just cuz I've got a little bit of
like congestion on my nose down here a
little bit this one's quite gentle for
clay masks as well which I like Hamish
is really confusing long videos what do
you think a much fun to watch it was
just like no it is it is it is I want to
do one of this tomorrow why I'm trying
to find one
