good morning it's Saturday and I do not
know what I feel like doing I don't know
if I feel like getting up and going to
the gym which is what I was like
planning on doing hits the ponytail but
they're not how like I don't know how
you bothered sometimes I go to the gym
one weekend sometimes I daren't so I'm
kind of just like I don't know and then
I don't know if I should let go it it or
should I go like go for a walk or a run
outside or do I just bum out on the
couch and do nothing I just don't know
what I feel like doing I've just been
like lying in bed for the past hour it's
like not in something right now they're
just like lying and being on Facebook
for ages and I just don't know what to
do with myself I could also probably
start packing for um Fiji no no Fiji
Tahiti
I don't know this lighting is very
unflattering guys help me I don't know
what to do um maybe I'll just do some
editing and stuff I don't know I really
don't know alright so I just spent a
while finding some sunscreen and bikinis
and stuff and I've just chucked my
suitcase I know this seems like there's
a lot but wherever there for a few days
and all were doing is turning and
swimming and stuff and I want variety
and they weigh nothing and basically all
I have to pick now is like toiletries
minimal make-up like maybe BB cream
mascara and stuff and then just a couple
dresses and I might take some like
running shoes and workout gear as well I
hit a shower before and now I'm just
going to have some breakfast I'm just so
hungry
I might just have like Peacham I don't
toast or something ma'am I don't toast
and by the way lots of people always ask
me about these plates and these were
from freedom Finnish ages ago and they
don't sell them anymore
which I'm really gutted about cuz I
would have bought so many more of them
that the best place ever
what is wrongly what's wrong tuning in
the blanket you can't are you going
where are you going what is wrong
yeah come on yeah hey little Sookie ways
wrong so I am about to go get dressed
because me and Amy are gonna go out for
lunch
it's really weird like I don't know so I
feel really like weird that kind of
anxious and just like I don't know what
to do with myself and so I think just
doing some human content for a while
might help a little bit because Hamish
is out so I think we're just going to go
out to a cafe or something and have some
lunch and then I'll come back and do my
work of spinderella would have either
seen just now Hamish is home tonight so
hopefully he has a little bit of time
free he's studying by the way if you
guys didn't know at the moment he's
doing heaps of exams and stuff that's
why he's been really busy if you follow
him on Instagram you'll know people
always ask me anyways so yeah um I'm
very pink right now because it's really
hot in here I just turned off the heat
pump
Hamish musta turned it on really early
this morning before he left but it's
like cooking in my house right now
my stomach feels real Isis Walter and I
don't know why so there's no Joe oh it's
nice and cold in here
I'm just going to a little bit of fast
makeup
I changed my lipstick to a bright orange
--red which is a secret color it's met
and it's beautiful I mean there are some
eye makeups just really simple when I
mess up my mascara on the side but Yolo
said I'm such a great dressed so obvious
reasons cuz I can't really go to a cafe
like this can i well I could I just
don't want to my outfit is so basic I'm
wearing this choker necklace plain gray
baggy t-shirt and some high-waisted
workout leggings I'm just gonna wear
some sneakers I don't know which ones
yet these are the shoes I chose super
cute watching this really tragic like
talk show at the moment I don't even
know what's happening sounds like one of
them did like some inappropriate like
photoshoot or something I don't know I
kind of missed the punchline but now
they're all like it's all they're afraid
and saying I won't i won't forgive you
it's really dramatic really just hugging
you literally just cuddling you just
before what's wrong ladies drunk why are
you biting me
a spoiled yeah
turn up in your Beach come here look at
this comfy beach you have do you know
how many dogs we love this beat come
here you see me put on my shoes
come on ladies on your low show off come
here kids
ow
sorry
you give me electric shock he's so
static he gives me such big ones
sometimes and it gives them a fright oh
sorry
so me and Amy
we just came to what's it called the
bridge cafe
it's like it next to the gorge and
everything and it's really pretty so
first come here for lunch and have a
chat and catch up cuz we haven't seen
each other in ages I hope there's a seat
spear look how cute it houses well okay
but it's in a house Theo coffee I think
I might get this the French toast that I
also want fries it I was just like
saving it so weird if I get french toast
and fries like there's such opposites
they might do it we'll see I changed my
mind I'm gonna get the gourmet toasty
with capsicum red onion aubergine hummus
and cheddar that sounds so good well
then my green tea it's got a cute little
cozy on I'll have it so here's my side
of fries just like a small side of fries
and in heavy dope which is which holy
 now you look like the best wages
are probably everything they look
amazing and then I'm getting a thirsty
but it's not here yet so it just waiting
this is like serving sizes out of
control look how big that touristy it is
holy oh well I'm gonna be full for
the rest of the day now I know they're
really small eyes that are like the big
potato II once I like the little deep
fried like fifty ones so as you can see
I made a very big dent
we kind of just ended up sharing our
meals so yeah we nailed it totally
nailed it so change of plans
Hamish will be home in about an hour
poor Lily is going to be left alone
a little while because me and Amy have
decided to take a spontaneous girls trip
to bite in to go see Sully tonight and
go out Halloween and stuff so my works
gonna have to wait till Monday but oh
well I was feeling a little bit down
earlier so I am happy to be doing
something with my friends and I'm really
excited
I wish Hamish could come too yeah I'll
see you on Wellington I met Sully's oh I
shouldn't even have to say they will
this help by the bit ground
Kelly's over here half-naked and then
Amy done well don't you make up I'm just
sorry my makeup too haven't done my
makeup yeah you couldn't tell but we're
just getting ready and tonight we are
going to I don't know like drink and go
out clubbing and this hips with like
clubs tree stuff will Halloweeny and
that's the review of is it the final
yeah yeah the rough group of the Rugby
World Cup finals so like Chad's gonna be
so packed and it's also what is it
Robbie Williams yeah Robbie Williams as
well so it has to be so fun
so yeah we're just gonna dress up and
you'll never guess what I'm just noting
is like the most basic of basics I'm
dressing up as a cat because I just
can't like I'm sorry
Halloween doubt Thomas hit up it's like
we got the chipper area game but this is
like I love tradition except this time
we got take away because I got a vegan
burger again this is so get this is like
my favorite bigger of life I'm just like
I'm saying you're like every weekend so
I can come get this okay yeah it's so
good you should try to Amy and time I go
up fish burgers and we've got curly
fries too so here's my makeup of
the night I'm a basic kit I just did a
nose and I did like white whiskers which
you can barely see in this lighting
yeah I didn't feel like doing full-on
holy makeup I don't know basic that's
okay we're okay and he comes show your
face yeah I mean Feli still going
because she took like 12 minutes to
straightener here we're gonna do a
thumbnail with
Hey hi No oh so now we are all ready
I just put my friend on charge I mean
even head drink I love spontaneous begin
so you guys are getting spontaneous of
the bit like you've got no patience
into my blood last night I'm just like
removing the remnants of my makeup sorry
I forgot to in the vlog
we got home from town at like 2:30 quite
early and then we just hit it to be aid
his I don't know I was just not a good
time last night at all I'll explain that
tomorrow I hope you guys enjoyed this
flood and yeah I'll talk to you tomorrow
which is today for me right now anyway
bye
