hi everyone so I just got home from the
gym it is 25 minutes to 10:00 and today
I'm going to the film I think I'm gonna
do like a JIT check it really is man
there may be a lip swatch video we'll
see how the lighting goes I can see the
sun's sneaking towards me right in house
or hopefully I have enough time to film
I should get another 2 hours or so got
two parcels which I'll open now and then
I'm gonna make a smoothie shower and
then I'm just gonna drink my smoothie
while I film got one box here from Mac
and then this box here as well which
looks like some kind of candle so here
is some information on the pricing and
the fragrance is and are available at
sleep pharmacy specialty stores
nationwide and online yeah look at this
flower man here's the candles the
packaging is really nice like glass
packaging is that the paint on the front
roses or the smells like very floral
rose violet
black currant white tea green leaves
musk Jasmine in cedar wood I mean it's
nice it's quite fresh but it's probably
not really something that me and Hamish
would burn cuz we do like really sweet
scenes in our house Hamish doesn't not
like this kind of smell so alright let's
see what's in here whoo what is this
shaft of gold and then a lipstick in a
dark side which I already have actually
and then this looks like that umm what
was that collection with there like
water drops on it I loved that
collection I'm guessing that this color
is called tonight is the night maybe
black and teal perhaps there's black and
blue which is no taboo I'm not too sure
November the 2nd so that's those that's
really pretty though I just watched on
my hand I'm not sure if you'll be able
to see like a really nice and deep
bronze
and I also go out to this makeup bag I'm
not sure if there's anything inside oh
there is okay I'll show you what's in
here so there is down fluidline which
I'm sorry happy about because I've been
meaning to pick this up for so long it's
like a dark brown we've got another
painterly paint-pot which I'm also
stoked about because mine is running out
a double-sided brush and a false lashes
and Esguerra
so that comes in there and I think these
sets are $96 is there's a whole bunch of
different ones there if you want to
pause the video and have a read
otherwise you could check out the Mac
website yeah change plan I just
have a shot this because my hair was
dirty so it's just going to see me dry
while I make breakfast and I'm gonna
start filming I'm hoping I'm gonna be
able to do a first impression I should
shake it really with me and maybe a
swatch video I like I love swatch video
or something we'll see how I go I just
really want to get some videos in my
bank I noticed some people say they hate
pre-recorded videos but honestly if I
didn't pre record videos then you'd get
a lot less videos from me like when I go
on holidays and stuff like I would have
nothing to upload so every fit do some
little pre-recorded ones and just save
them for later when you know I'm unable
to film or whatever or feel like in case
I get sick or something like a few times
I've gotten sick and I haven't been able
to film so they come in very handy it
also just means that all that today so
I'm gonna film well try to film three
videos today and then I've got some
stuff to film next week I've got a
couple of sponsored videos to do so yeah
busy busy before I go to Tahiti but
needs to be done because otherwise I'm
gonna have nothing while I'm in Tahiti
so I'm just gonna make a smoothie my
stomach is making really angry noises at
me right now I'm so hungry just wear
this boys suit my pajama pants
I feel like we're black for once in one
of my videos cuz anyone would like I'm
gonna try out my new Zila hair
extensions I'm gonna start reviewing
those and see if they're good
hopefully I like them as much as
everyone else seems to like them
I know this is gonna taste bad because I
put way too much with that chlorella
powder yeah oh they should not be bad is
it a stupid green smoothie today are you
good
all right I'm gonna go dry my hair off a
little bit and stop filming I'm so in
the mood as well like I've got this suit
and makeup look in my head I want to do
hopefully it works out we'll soon see
I think they match well they're really
pretty this way back and stop I love the
feeling of new extinctions hey guys so
so far I have started off my first
impression and I filmed this makeup
tutorial which is super bold and out
there what do you think it's so
different and totally out of my comfort
zone but I kind of like how it turned
out looks really cool when you look down
and it's really good for hooded eyes as
well because you kind of just draw a
line above where your creases and I edit
in some glitter and stuff so hopefully
you guys like it is felt like doing
something colorful and bold wasn't as
colorful as I was gonna do it's gonna do
like greens blues purples and stuff but
I don't know I just thought it was such
a bold shape that if I added too much
color it would just be like all over the
place
I still haven't finished my breakfast
the time is 12:40 I'm going to do an
update on my foundation and I'm also
going to film a lip swatch video now
because the lighting is still really
good although almost camera eye looked
kind of yellow I know used a bunch of
new products on my face today as well
like stuff that I've received in the
mail over the last couple weeks we've
been using this today I'm done I just
filmed a lip swatch video on these NYX
voltage lipsticks I really really like
them so hopefully you guys enjoyed that
video and they're really really
affordable as well I need some ideas on
like what other lip swatch videos to do
but the time is now like half past one
so I want to eat something might just
make some like etiquette on toast
hopefully the avocado is okay because
it's really old hmm
and if it's really really old I'll just
have something else but I don't know wok
we've got like no food now
do you know what out they've got their
own avvocato tree because that's like
life goals right there I cannot grow
anything though in the land around our
house is like actual church like it's
clay and so let you bridge come I try to
grow anything it just fails and then
there's the stowed across the road with
this like amazing garden Oh Mike you're
such a show-off granted he is like
elderly and I'm pretty sure he spends
like every day all day
God noon but still at least he makes our
street look pretty I'm having three bits
of toast because I am hungry also just
sprinkle a few pumpkin seeds and chia
seeds
I cook things in the mail how random
here's lunch my new video is about to go
up so my new client should do some
emails share my video on my social media
reply to some comments you know the
drill and I'm just thinking it for a
while because obviously I films lots
today some videos scheduled and ready
for next week while I'm gone and I think
me and my mom are gonna go for a walk
this afternoon together so I'm excited
for that it's been shitty with it for
the last few days so it'd be nice to
take the dogs out I'm reading all the
comments on my new video and everyone's
so nice they're like oh my god you
slayed Halloween this year like I've
loved all of your tutorials you're for
it so hard and I'm just like yeah I love
you guys so much thank you so much all
of those kind words like it means so
much to me what I like poor my soul into
like all of these videos and you guys
just notice and you guys enjoy them as
much as I enjoy filming them it means so
much to me and I was even on BuzzFeed
look I literally died look at this
someone's put me up on BuzzFeed calm
like saying about how I've done all of
these tutorials oh I'm just so happy
right now I can't believe it I don't
know I'm kind of sad Halloween is done
but I'm also just I don't know I'm just
so happy of like everything I was able
to do some of these are from like last
year in the year before as well I'm just
so proud people who think stuff about
Lillian Zeus again and
I really talked about this in the past
I'm going to say it again like when Zeus
is off to the side and just sitting
there ignoring me and stuff that's not
because I'm ignoring him or like giving
Lois to much attention or whatever this
is literally the personality of my dogs
Zeus
loves it like he basically gives me
attention as soon as I get home as you
guys see he like runs to the door and he
gives me lots of kisses and cuddles and
stuff he loves me then he loves me when
I give him treats he loves me when I
feed him he has like random outbursts
during the day but he is in no way an
affectionate dog like if I tried to like
cuddle him pick him up sit there with
him and rub him and you know all of that
kind of thing he would get angry like he
Grizzles he sits in like my mum's arms
for a while cause he loves my mom but
then he'll like wouldn't want to get off
and like want to leave
however Louie will sit in your arms for
ages like cuddle you Zeus on the other
hand will sit there and ignore you like
literally like this was before even loi
like this is his whole life apart from
when he was like a really young puppy he
is just a very independent dog he likes
to do his own thing he doesn't listen to
anyone like me and Amy she like cual him
like we'll be in our room and we'll be
like Zeus Zeus come here Zeus and he
just won't he'll just be like no I'm
just gonna sit here by the door he
literally sits by the door like most a
day feels so annoyed they're actually
constantly like justify myself look
he'll give me a little cuddle now and
he'll enjoy a little hug but he doesn't
want to hang out with me all the time
Louie is needy and Zeus loves his
brother they get along very well they
play fight a lot but that's just him
playing like they've never ever ever
ever hurt each other or bit each other
or like actually had a fight they love
each other they just polar opposites
trust me Zeus gets as much attention as
he wants but if we pissed at him he
would just get angry he gets really
really grumpy he's like a grumpy little
man
however Louie you could just give him
cuddles 24/7 and he would never ever
ever get sick of you would you no you
would not so don't worry guys I am NOT
like you know picking favorites and
things have to like worry about him like
he's just happy doing his own thing
because I feel bad like when I go out
for like an afternoon
cuz LOI like gets really lonely and
anxious but Zeus is so good like he just
chills out he's fine which is quite a
good balance because it means that Louie
has like you know a friend that he can
kind of depend on which sounds so cheesy
but it's true like they're a good match
I hope look here we go little missed an
ad huh this is Italian great hunts for
you like if you do your research this is
basically what they say isn't it Italian
Greyhounds love their cuddles and they
love their human that's something I love
about him currently it is seeing the
makeup look I did today because I think
I'm gonna upload this on Monday just
because I want to and then on Wednesday
I might do the collaboration with
Crystal and then on Friday next week I
might do my half face tutorial maybe
that one that I films like half face
high and half face oops
and then my pale makeup the week after
probably and then that makeup look I was
editing the other day neat sweet
probably and then I don't know we'll see
what happens I'm just gonna plan
everything I'll let you know what's
going up when when I know because I
haven't actually scheduled them yet but
that's my plan so far
do you like my colors outfit this is
Hamish is wearing Hamish is because
I can't find my hoodie and then Nike
leggings is the ones I was wearing
yesterday was it three runs and thick
woollen socks because it's freezing and
they make me look I have cankles by
doing I mean kit because they're warm
Andy because it's cold outside look at
the limbs what are they doing they
fighting or are they playing
we're not fighting but you know the
sheep are watching us at least see me
see what are you doing oh he's going the
cheetah way he's going out the hizzy pip
come on
come back
Zeus just hit a bar hey Zeus did you
just have a bath yeah yeah you Roland
Louise beard
so I'm just schedule a up some videos
for next week 8 o'clock at night right
now looks shiny hopefully it's just the
lighting we've just ordered some tie to
get delivered Friday night to a food
I've got a Thai green curry and I got a
vegetable Messam and curry and some
spring rolls and curry puffs
I mean the curry puffs I'm hearing this
spring rolls and then later on tonight
I'll finish off my first impression
video and then I don't know if I'm gonna
do anything for Halloween
I'll probably just work this weekend
because Hamish is busy as well see
you'll see look at you two climbing on
your Nana having a cheeky coke so fizzy
so good hey poser
just sitting a mums legs holy crap it
feels so good to wash off my makeup I
just finished off that first impression
video and I like the foundation so it
was successful so I'm not sure when that
video of you up I worked out like I
scheduled heaps of videos today so I
think I've got enough to last me too
like when I get back from Tahiti which
is awesome I'm just gonna eat all the
descriptions and stuff but I'm still
going to work probably this weekend in
the beginning of next week and just eat
it as much as I can and upload as much
as I can because I am gonna be so busy
in between getting back from Tahiti and
then going to our house a couple weeks
later so I need to make sure I've got
stuff pre-recorded for at our house and
then obviously like December's a really
busy month and yeah so I'm just gonna
keep working hard and hopefully I can
have some more time off like during
summer and New Year's and everything so
it's really good I'm feeling a little
bit less stress now knowing that I've
like got stuff ready to go and I'm
filming a couple of sponsorships and
stuff this month as well like maybe
early mates making my get back from
Tahiti next box I keep thinking it's
already nothing but you know what I mean
I'm really really really
I did for though he's got some really
cool opportunities so I'm so excited and
other than that I'm just gonna go to
sleep now cuz I'm tired I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk to
you tomorrow
hi
