hey guys so I just got back from gym
it's feel so basic when I say that cuz
it's like the same thing every day I did
it every day anyway it's all about I
just did it today an hour of cross
trainer Luke on the course ranks I can't
remember if I said yesterday but I kind
of hurt my calf muscle like I think I
pulled it a little bit while I was
working out my legs today on the
machines and stuff it's not like super
saw it's just a little bit dodge so I
thought today I would just go on the
cross trainer since it's my support and
it doesn't hurt at all so I think that
was a good choice and I really really
really feel like filming oh my gosh I
feel like filming but I've just got so
much anything I need to do so I'm gonna
film tomorrow hopefully I'm still in
there like oh my god I can't wait to
film mood I just want to do something
kind of colorful because I realized that
my next three tutorials one of them is
fairly natural and that's the one I
filmed the other day that you saw like
the lazy girl guides makeup the next one
is that half face droops which is like a
traumatic clubbing smokey eye but it's
still very you know like nude lips
natural I mean not natural neutral I'm
so confused
and then the other one is my pale skin
everyday makeup look like an everyday
idea like day to day makeup look because
I did the dramatic one for pale skin a
while ago and again it's just very
neutral like warm neutrals so I'm like
I've got too many neutral looks and you
know I'm stuck getting all that I'm
making out of your tutorials in the same
even though they are all clearly
different they are all very neutral and
not boring that you're not I mean very
wearable so I want to film a couple
crazy looks maybe like a lip swatch
video or something as well so I want to
do that tomorrow this is my you have to
edit that broken doll look I filmed
yesterday and also I'm going to start
adjusting the other videos like the ones
that I filmed with crystal and
everything just so that I have stuff
ready to go for next week we're not I'm
off to Tahiti
I'm so excited but I'm also just like
not ready but hopefully I can get
everything it is it and don't have to
stress out LA home on holiday and
another quick reminder everybody see
this in a couple vlogs but just another
reminder for those of you who might be
new or whatever I'm not guaranteeing
daily vlogs while I'm in Tahiti because
why not I don't know how much there is
to like vlog and - I don't know if I'm
gonna have internet like other than my
3G on my phone which is
not enough to upload these vlogs and not
reliable but if I can't upload while I'm
over there I'll still film some stuff
and maybe make a few videos and upload
them when I get back to New Zealand so
there will still be vlog footage from
while I'm away but it may not be like
daily like does at the moment so just
giving you a heads up hope you can
understand all right I'm gonna make some
breakfast I think I'm just gonna have a
smoothie because I'm not overly hungry
and I've got to figure out what I can
make for like luncheons and I because we
literally have like almost no food in
the fridge that I actually want to eat
anyway this is like the persist and
like bacon and stuff which I do not like
oh my gosh how crazy is that about that
new warning about bacon and sausages and
stuff like apparently they're gonna have
to put warnings on the packaging and
stuff is that true
because it's been proven to be just as
bad as cigarettes and asbestos is it
look I always knew obviously like bacon
and sausages are unhealthy but holy crap
like to be that bad makes you cancer and
everything like I'm so glad I've cut
back on me like honestly I just feel
like meat does not do much for your
health at all since I've cut neck on me
like I ever literally felt so much
better like in my day there might I just
Jin has been a lot better my body just
feels better I'm still very tired all
the time I think thats just my b12 again
i need to go and get this blood test
done that i went to the doctor like a
few weeks back i still haven't got them
done i'm so bear to keep procrastinating
got some it tomatoes and stuff here i've
got some coal i think there might be off
though snow peas lots of potatoes and an
avocado and that broccoli looks
incredibly sad oh no some coke very
healthy a Louie so healthy I've also got
some like sun-dried tomatoes I've got
some artichoke hearts in here somewhere
so maybe I can have something like with
those I don't know today I am feeling
like one of my unhealthy
smoothies it's like the coffee one well
it's not unhealthy
obviously like it's still mostly the
same stuff oh I need to get spinach as
well but I'm eating coffee and I don't
know I just love the taste of it I don't
need coffee like I don't depend on
coffee that's why I don't have it real
kings I don't want to develop a
dependency on caffeine because I just
don't have caffeine
often so the coffee's not the élysée
but every once in a while I like to make
these ones like I mean I think the
entire time we've been vlogging I've
only made it one other time so I mean
you know I have it Billy ever but I just
feel like it's so bad it's so good
people asking about the frozen spinach
like what does it taste like I'm just
missing everything honestly it tastes
the exact same I usually just have like
a little bit of frozen spinach in the
freezer in case I don't have any fresh
because as you saw it felt like no
greens at the moment you need to go at
supermarket shopping but we'll see how
we go yeah just taste the exact same by
the way yes my top does say total
knockout I know it's super cringe but
it's super comfy as well up here for
like three years I just found it in the
bottom of my wardrobe when I was like
cleaning the other day okay here we go
let's blend
yum I'm so excited
um slight problem
this meant to rinse my little you know
this thing it's like no water coming out
why is the new water okay should we
chase the shower what on earth have they
just turned off my water without telling
us
okay I don't want to film because I mean
I wouldn't be able to shower
I can't even wash my face or brush my
teeth what the heck I hope it's not like
a car crash with that do it let's try
this look how green it is lots of
spinach goodness people keep saying to
me like have kale as well but I don't
know I don't like kale raw that much
it's so chilly and stringy and I just
yeah I don't know maybe it's just the
type I get it's incredible it's probably
a good way for people that love like
live on coffee to kind of get the effect
a healthier way you know rather than
just having like milk and sugar and
stuff oh my goodness it's so good coffee
banana vanilla goodness so good I still
need to open all of this and I got a
parcel today as well but I think we are
going to open it a little bit later
because I just want to start doing some
editing first otherwise I am going to
procrastinate and not get anything done
these eyes are so creepy and yes it's
kind of late and I am three minutes and
I think yeah three point seven minutes
and this has taken me ages to it I keep
getting sidetracked by Facebook damn
Facebook it is 22 to no 21 and I'm going
to make some lunch I don't really know
what I'm going to make though I've
almost finished that broken doll video
just got to find some background music
and do the voice-over which doesn't
usually take too long I've done the most
timely part so I should be done in the
next arrow so then I'm gonna edit a
video with Krystal and then I'm gonna
edit used today's vlog and it'll
probably be my day so I'm gonna make
lunch and then I'm gonna eat it more and
then after I've finished my videos I'm
gonna open up my mail it's like my
incentive like I'm like once I finish
work then I get to do the fun stuff it's
like in my brain because always I'm just
gonna procrastinate all day and not get
anything done I haven't showered yet
because the water is still not working
which is great
hopefully it comes on soon hey Lily yes
you were very tall
you were very tall everyone thinks LOI
is so big he's actually not
honestly he just looks big everywhere
what about if we compare you to well the
soccer balls not even like the proper
size of a soccer ball sex no that's not
gonna work
that's a miniature size soccer ball I
can't really tell everyone who sees him
in real life that follows my videos like
oh he's so much smaller thought he was
by by the way one frequently asked
question what breed is he is half poodle
half Bijan Chihuahua so it's just a big
mixer but he's the cutest little dog
ever I love him so much he's by the door
let's go say hi
who is it Louie leave him alone Louie
hey Zeus look at lo you such a dick
lucky Zeus doesn't mind no we're not
going for a walk heaven you looked at
the weather it's pissing down
Louie wouldn't take a step out of the
door would you get you hate the rain
don't you oh there you go you can kind
of see the rain on the table you'll
probably have the reason I'm not getting
much work done today
hey so means some of this dairy free
mozzarella dairy free cream cheese and
some Chow Chow on bread with all this on
the inside and some salt and pepper so
I'm just making a couple of toasties I
made my choice teas and they taste
incredible I completed it it is now five
to two just finish the voiceover so I am
going to over shower because our water
finally turned back on I'm so happy and
I'm gonna come back and eat it some more
what are you doing so I don't even know
what the time is right now what time is
it 4:00 o'clock I'm gonna treat myself
to some chocolate hid this in the fridge
since crystal and Dane were here so I
just ended up finishing off my nightmare
makeup challenge with crystal and the
curtain don't make up
I'm just exploring some footage and
uploading some like photos and stuff so
I'm just gonna wait to finish
lightweight tool that's done until I
started doing my daily vlog so I'm gonna
reckon some Mayo now because I want to
read some the litters and by the time
I've done all that I'll be able to
finish off my work and then I think I'm
just going to take the rest of the day
off because two videos like two of those
beers took so long to eat and then my
blog would take a while to get it and I
just want to like find out for a while
and just do some social media stuff and
I had a million on Instagram I'm like
freaking out I'm so stoked so thank you
to all of you who just like dropped my
camera thank you to all of you who
follow me on Instagram and if you don't
follow me on Instagram my usernames just
Schoeneck so I would three days but yeah
I'm so happy thank you guys so much no
you can eat there you will die you will
die I promise I got some stuff from sip
because I'm working on them with a video
at the moment which I'm really excited
about some of my favorite fragrances in
here and then I don't know what this is
yeah it's some remote stuff the nude
lipsticks and these which I've never
seen before and I'm so excited to try
remor brow this way it's like brow
mascara I'm so excited
I'll open all these and show you the
colors so here are the four colors this
one here is in 40 huh this one here is
43 this money here is 45 and this one
here is 48 and there's what the colors
look like so the first one is just a
really nice pinky nude the second one's
a slightly deeper like a beige and then
there is like a pinky nude and a darker
like warm brown oh my goodness I love
them all I really like that really dark
one the most I think so the first card I
open is a really nice message from
Kirsten and she sent me this really cute
bracelet as well this letter is so far
the one that's come from the furthest
place away this was from Katherine she
lives in Utah thank you so much for
writing to me it's so crazy knowing that
I have subscribers from so far away I
just read the rest of the lid anything
you saw so much you're so sweet and I
hope you see this because you say that
you watch my vlogs so thank you the next
Lydia Harris from Kelly and she lives in
Western Australia and she's talking
about how she's really nervous because
by the time I read this that she would
have graduated high school and she's
really scared she was know what to do
with her life
Woori just remember that probably like
99% of people your age right now are in
the exact same boat
just think about what makes you happy
and try to get a job somewhere that
makes you happy you spend so much of
your life working just make sure it's
doing something you love and if you have
no idea what to do yet just take a break
go find a job work for a year and then
if you feel like going to uni you could
always go to here after like one of my
friends did that and a few years later
now she's graduated and she is like so
successful one of the most like
intelligent people I know like she
definitely made the right choice so if
you need a little bit of space just to
think don't feel bad about it
you're still so young and there's
absolutely no rush to rush into our like
job or a career or Russian to like doing
a university course just think about it
and just follow you gosh this is cute
haha flag it's oh it so hugs and kisses
to you I love this Thank You Ashley such
a sweet litter she said she's been
watching me since I was brunette and she
even said things like oh she says that
I'm her favorite and Danny so Danny if
you're watching I think what makes your
channels so special is that on top of
your makeup skills consistently getting
better and your content only improving
more and more you are still truly a
genuine down-to-earth girl so refreshing
to see someone so successful stay true
themselves and continue to be so open
and honest with your subscribers then
you should read another couple
paragraphs about stuff as lows so sweet
thank you so much
you're so mean to each other
Lily smiling oh here we go here's
another one British so cool thank you so
much so if you feel later we've got
another Sophie look silly you got taken
over I love it that's hilarious how cool
is this I love when you guys make me
stuff like this it's so cool next up we
have something in some cool packaging
and a more cool packaging dear Shannon
you are by far one of the best youtubers
out I'm a huge fan I think you're
gorgeous talented and so down to earth
was so sweet oh and she got me a little
gift it was so kind you do not have to
give me stuff guys like I'm serious like
thank you so much but don't feel like
you have to give me gifts here we go
read me this person's writing is
legitimately adorable like look at ID
the first video I ever saw and then I'll
never figure it was your weight loss
video
I remember thinking wow she's stunning
from there I start to watch shoe
tutorials and stuff and have been ever
do ever since also sweet
I hope this painting can help remind you
every day of how gorgeous you are inside
now and that you're loved
Lulu and it's her Instagram oh my gosh
I'm so excited to open there I love it
it is so beautiful just like I said the
other day when someone else drew me like
I can't believe you guys take the time
to do this like that is incredible like
truly amazing incredible so cool thank
you so so so much that's amazing I love
it I can't even get over it holy crap
look at those flowers oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh okay looks good I got
more parcels so open them quick alright
so in this moment the amrezy
look colors all right let me pull them
all
oh my gosh they sent a tongue I have a
discount code as well which I'll write
down below if you're interested in
picking them up they just randomly go
here just can't crow though I don't try
them I was like okay sure
cuz Emery Z is a total babe she's
definitely one of my favorite Instagram
is so yeah he's a bunch of little liquid
lipsticks I can't remember the code off
the top of my head I can't remember how
much it's for but I'll put it in the
downbar
just in case anyone was wanting to
purchase these cover looks amaze balls
and then something in here with what
Matt Jake is beauty who sent me this his
check coconut primer Marc Jacobs beauty
introducing undercover perfecting
coconut face primer five forms of
coconut nourish hydrate and instantly
smooth at the complexion let's have a
look at the packaging shall we I kind of
love it and kind of hate it like I love
the colors and the style but I don't
really like the shape it looks like
deodorant but hopefully the actual
product is nice I can't wait to try it
even tried too much Marc Jacobs makeup
I've tried the old thing but not too
much I have to give their foundation ago
time to hop and better again this walked
into my room look at this what are you
doing you creep you watching some TV
with Liam Hemsworth on there I would
totally it's a bit of a baby yeah we're
watching practicing recreation throwing
what seasonal Raptor no you shut out
which one apparently they were like two
thirds soy girls like three closer yes
we're gonna go sleep soon I hope you
guys enjoy today's vlog don't probably
talk to you tomorrow I
