hello everyone it just went 10 o'clock
and I've just been at the gym for about
an hour and 40 minutes at a really good
workout I do cardio and legs but I think
I overdid my leg workout because my calf
muscle it's really dead right now
mmm now what a manager about there or
just be gentle on it for the next couple
days but anyways got a few parcels and
then this morning I am going to just
wash my face and then film a Halloween
talk just gonna say took look tutorial
and then I'll have a shower after that
and wash it all off so yeah that's the
plan I'll be the smoothie for breakfast
and I have leftovers for lunch
it means like tonight I'm thinking I'll
make like some kind of stir fry oh my
gosh so tired I'm going to put up my to
cast tutorial today so the lipid and the
typical iron or whatever - suddenly
there's a little friend on the window
hello little moth it's really pretty
morph I don't really like moths but he's
outside so it's okay let's wipe in the
mail first actually first thing is pee
really bad and then we'll open the mail
and then I'm gonna make a smoothie
this box is bloody huge I'll show you my
outfit of the day as well my job outfit
so I'm wearing my dry fit t-shirt and
then these pants here by Reebok I think
yes Reebok and then I'm wearing a hold
on this is awkward in a flash here I'm
wearing at the Sports Brad that's
chilling sports got me or gave me sorry
and if she glows in the dark apparently
like these pits which is really cool but
I just wanted to tell you because this
is sort this ISM spotlight this is so
comfortable like I really really really
like it so I'll have to figure out the
brand and buy some more you're gonna
take these packages into the lounge so
we can open them because he is big come
on say hi everyone
from benefits hello gorgeous happy
holidays from Benefit Cosmetics we hope
you love a new holiday sets this year
benefit promise is to avoid those lame
gifts it's been so much fun working with
you this year you've achieved so much
you tell them to thing
look mortising watching thousand and
sixteen bricks
thank you guys I don't want to open it
because the packaging looks so perfect
it's your birthday in a couple days I
think you have to check out my calendar
what are we gonna get you oh someone's
excited
crystal he's obsessed with this thing
like absolutely filthily obsessed Hey
all right you guys are distracting me I
want to see what's inside look where you
just put that get away turn turn turn
I know so many of you guys were worried
that this was like hidden cameras and
stuff but it was it it was just benefit
anyways oh my gosh the mo way benefit I
haven't even opened the staff in I can
already saw you guys went overboard okay
let's have a look shall we
I really want to put these on the dogs
is that bad does that mean come here can
I put this on you come here kami Zeus
come on okay put it on you hold on
someone's ready for Christmas what is
this
did you can you guys hear that I just
started playing my role in this oh my
god that's hilarious I'm guessing this
is an advent calendar
one two three four twelve days of
Christmas I guess that'll be fun to do
there we go
it's the twelve days of gorgeous oh my
gosh oh that's so cool and then when we
have real cheeky party now this is what
I call a party blushing beauty kit oh so
nice here let me open this oh my
goodness how beautiful didn't even got
what's up which is like my favorite one
of my favorite highlight is hula dance
iron rocket or coral Easter and sugar
mom oh my goodness I'm actually in love
with this this is super cool such cool
packaging - it's like a proper ten
sometimes I'm not really a fan of like
steps I guess but this one's actually
really cool it's got like all the colors
like it's got blush bronzer and
highlighter you can even use that one
light under your eyes and stuff to
brighten oh it's got a little push-up
liner and they're real mascara oh wow
I'm in heaven
okay some of my way which is beautiful
and delicious so that will be shared
with my friends what is it what is it
yeah well I'm not gonna suck on that now
am I nope okay we've also got to party
to the peepers shares to your eye kit Oh
what's this
I've never seen these creaseless color
wash and a they're real mascara here's
how they look see this is really cool
because you could actually just take
everything out so you just take
everything out and then you've got a
cute little tin and you could put things
in there like hair ties bobby pins
I love stuff like this it's really nice
when you get stuff that you can reuse
rather than just throwing it away and
then I just watched those um products
just there the share eye tint creaseless
things they look really nice
I can imagine that'd be good basis as
well or just like just slap on you know
slip on and go and then we have one more
thing in here which looks super epic
what do you think soos what do you think
you need a here Pat here we go
professional push-up liner that gal
impose eatin I don't actually have this
I think I'd like a sample that but I
haven't tried it had awoken oh my
goodness thank you guys so much what a
cool PR thing like I was definitely
confused when I receive like the paper
weigh-in the yo-yo and stuff like I was
so confused but now it all makes sense
no one wants a lame gift for Christmas
okay so just oh thank you thank you for
your gift thank you
all right take it away now bye-bye okay
so if you're interested here we go
hashtag no boring gifts indeed so this
at twelve days of Christmas $78 the big
kit which is where no I don't think I
got this one but that one there you get
all that stuff is 114 and this is the
one I got that one there that one's $94
and then we have alright no no that's
not the one I have there's also this one
here for $80 so there's heaps of
different ones come on what you want in
it there's a skincare one with
professional that one is 79 this kits
quite pretty as well it's got a few
different products in there 62 a tint
pick for $45 it's not a bit price I like
those lip balms they're good for light
if you're going to the gym or something
you want to put on a little bit of color
without looking like you're wearing
makeup that's what I wear them for or
over one the managers they used to do
that all the time this one here which is
probably my favorite thing this is $73
boyfriend's if you're watching this hint
hint because I know your girlfriend's
will up there and then the patty - the
peep is is $49 which I think these look
really pretty as well it's hard to see
really nice natural colors so just
everyday
benefit thank you so much I'm gonna keep
this I feel like it'll be cute
decoration in my room somewhere I don't
know where but it's so pretty in pink
and silver and I love it so I'm going to
keep that quarter lit
okay and then we have this yams
something from collection which is an
amazing affordable brand you guys
already know how much I like it I love
the mascaras and what's that the
concealer I'm so excited so we've got
some lasting perfection stuff some of
their color match foundation eyebrow kit
they use it look beautiful this looks
really beautiful my favorite mascara
from a collection which is one of my
favorites of all time as well we've got
something different like eyeliners and
mascaras here and some lipsticks as well
I'm so excited to try this all out this
brand is amazing if you're on a budget
it really is and then that other bag is
something from a PR company so let's
have a look inside this is from sook in
and it is their purifying at base crap
sulfate and paraben free it's gonna care
that doesn't cost the earth go away oh
it's only $15 so that's not a bad price
especially in New Zealand
su-kam products are available farmers
pharmacies health and organic stores
nationwide
so this is basically strawberries
spinach and chocolate so hopefully it
tastes good yep never a say yep I think
of that a forty song that you up no I'm
gonna go enjoy this and eat it not yet
it's a video about like sit-up today's
video do the description box and
everything so everyone knows what
products I used and they want some of
that finished breakfast and finish doing
that I am going to start filming Oh busy
day today but the day breakfast is done
the video is ready to go it's time to
wash my face and start filming
hopefully my tutorial ends up like going
well I'm gonna try and make it look
different from like what other people
have done and I think I'm gonna do like
a cute broken doll so I've seen a lot of
scary ones this year so I'll attempt it
I don't know if it's gonna work I just
finished my doll look I think I nailed
the cute and still a little bit creepy
but it's mostly cute so what the big
round eyes and in the cracks and I tried
not to do too many cracks because I've
seen a lot this year where people dunk
rights like everywhere so I just did a
couple just so it's a little bit more
soft and easier and faster for like
last-minute Halloween tutorials cuz this
is gonna go up on Friday which is like
the day before Halloween will here I
think wait yes I think I'm starving so
I'm gonna go make my leftover camera
bake alright so here's my potato sweet
potato with camera I just heated up in
the microwave for a couple of minutes
and now I'm just gonna add the toppings
and everything
and here is lunch my cat Halloween video
is now up guys someone's being a little
baby mm-hmm set you crying wanting some
attention even though I was cuddling you
for ages earlier wasn't I
I was playing with you but it's never
enough it's never enough attention for
you
yo hey how do you like it oh here comes
the other bug hey have a bag all right
time to hop down I haven't even eaten my
lunch here
what a dick look at that you're so rude
go go away brothers huh look at him
biting his league such a tool you're
such a dick
hey Lilly I'm not gonna lie I think
Justin Bieber is a total babe hey this
gon hate but he's attractive
speaking of attractive so am I so just
being everything all afternoon I
attached add some more bloopers so I've
got like four minutes of bloopers so far
so on and wait until I've got maybe like
seven or eight minutes of bloopers the
freight upload it and then it was the
dick yesterday's walk and then I was
like sitting at wheat floors like what
should I cook potato feeling all
inspired I was gonna make like stir fry
or something and then Hamish just
messaged me it's like 20 coming out for
dinner with me so it's like okay so
Hamish is taking me out for tea soon so
I should probably shower because I
haven't showered today yet because I
just got so caught up in editing I think
tomorrow morning I will edit my broken
doll makeup tutorial and edit some other
videos as well because the broken doll
is the final Halloween tutorial so I'll
set that up for Friday I've decided I'm
not going to do that otherwise because I
just feel exhausted and stressed and I
would rather just you know focus on is
seeing the videos I've already filmed
and just refuel get sorted and then
start filming again rather than just
pushing myself too hard and then the
videos will just turn out anyway
because my heart would be an it kind of
thing so yeah I'm gonna do that for
Friday and then I've got a few videos to
edit for next week and then I meant to
hear after that starting from next week
I think oh my gosh so soon I'm in there
and I get back the week after so I need
to like basically work out what I'm
uploading for the next two weeks kind of
stressed I just realize how much work
I've gotta do oh and clean I'm just
wearing a white tank top and black jeans
and a black like kimono and then little
black boots as well I'm slaying a mushy
get dressed he just got home and then we
are gonna go get some food I don't know
what I feel like but we'll see so I just
cleared up my pill box and it was
completely jam-packed full that they had
to like link me to another one and then
like give me another key and then I put
the other key and the returns policy at
all so I'll open these maybe tomorrow
unless I do it tonight I'll see how I
feel after dinner
this is why happens yeah no no I'll just
sit here no she's got to do a post or
something so if you want a winter yeah
that says nothing and we all gonna be up
on Instagram what did you think of my
beer tonight that I had it was a
seasonal release it was like what did
you say I was like a red wine beer it
smells like Friday no spidery wave
whining YUM what'd you get me
right wait for walk that's mine that hot
mussels cheese Hamish got shanks and I
got roast vegetable salad I'm back I'm
big service I love you didn't anyone
ever teach you not to go through a
woman's handbag mm-hmm Oh cuddles series
come see me sissy he's too cool so see
you too cool for me see Kimmy come on
tickle
do you love how like I put me in doubt
only reaches for it
Oh someone's caught Louie's toy he's
like no hand come back no now he wants
this toy the way oh my god you're such a
dick
we just watched some of it forks over
knives I think it's called there's
pretty good heaps of stuff about like
curing disease with food and stuff you
know I'm just gonna say goodnight now
cuz we were about to go to sleep I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog and I'll
open that Paravel stuff tomorrow so
that'd be exciting I can't wait to see
what's inside read your letters and
stuff and I will talk to you tomorrow
