hey guys so I just got back from the gym
it's kind of like it's teen eighteen I
spent a while there I don't feel like
doing my doll look today I think I might
film it tomorrow kind of cutting it
close but I mean I can film and edit and
everything in one day and I think I'll
do the two cats tomorrow for Wednesday's
upload I just feel like doing normal
makeup today so that's what I'm gonna do
and I don't know what else to tell you
right now I'm gonna make a smoothie for
great for the sermon his smoothie in a
while I've got a couple of packages here
which I will open and yeah really creepy
weather today it's like super cloudy
overcast but hopefully that means the
lighting will be good at my room Melissa
gets too dark I mean that's a disaster
as well so I have no idea what's in here
flammable and it's got like this hazard
piece of paper sticking out of it and
then I've also got some stuff from soda
and cokes I'm doing a giveaway with them
I think in a few days I can't remember
when it is I have to check so in here is
just a bunch of Jamboree stuff I was
seeing through one of my managers I've
never really heard of the brand if any
of you tried it let me know what you
think there's some reps and gel nail
polish and I don't even know what this
stuff is I'll have to have it a little
look later
all right let's do a taste test
yum it's super good man I need to show
him my hair is so greasy right now sorry
I'm gonna stop filming my video like
this I just put on a really light coat
of fake tan as well the kids I was
scrubbing my fake channel yesterday
planning to do like full-on like
Halloween makeup so I wanted to look
pale and porcelain and then I was like
no I don't want to look pale and
porcelain anymore so I put on fake ten
right I've decided today I'm going to
film a really easy makeup look and it's
gonna be something along the lines of
like the lazy girls guide to make couple
something and it's just gonna be
bullying that people feel like I do
right now when you're like I want to
weigh makeup but I can't be bald age so
just like fast easy pretty and I'm gonna
do it like really focusing on like bold
brows and bold lashes and they like a
really subtle face so I'm gonna film
with this one because I just washed my
hair and it's not dry yet and I don't
want to blow-dry it yet that's my plan
I'll let you know how I go so I just did
a little bit of filming and now I'm
going to prepare some lunch it is a
12:30
I'm not hungry yet because I've actually
still got a little bit of my smoothie
life like I've just been kind of
stepping away at this or morning I am
going to make some kumrah for lunch I
think I've still got a check if I bet
you've got creamer in the fridge but I
think I do seen this recipe last night
for baked potato
looks so good on Pinterest so I might
have a go if I have creamer that is
sweet potato I found the mother of all
of the mothers of sweet potato can we
just like admire how huge this is it's
got a little bit of like mold on it cuz
it's kind of old but I'll just chop it
off I always do that with my VG's and I
some people find that really gross but I
just rather do that than waste it
because it's like completely fine art
from those little edges I know some of
my friends think I'm really weird for
doing that okay so I cut up this giant
Coomera sweet potato and I chopped it
lengthwise and then I accidentally did
it really off-center so I cut off a
little slow though I'm just going to
turn it into chips so I'm going to put
this on a roasting pan I don't think I'm
going to eat all of this
clearly it's a very potato but I'm just
going to cook it all and then I can
never lift over and then I'm just going
to drain off these chickpeas and roast
these up as well and then I'm gonna put
in some olive oil and paprika and garlic
in here some salt and pepper cuts like
baked beans and I've just put those in
for about 25 minutes
so hopefully the potatoes cook at the
same time the UM chickpeas first um I
love chickpeas so while I wait I'm just
going to get some social media stuff I
took some photos today sir I'm eat it
all them and do some emails and stuff
why are you telling Becky huh oh you
friend
it's such a cutie what are you doing I'm
just gonna check on my lunch I can smell
it I can smell the chickpeas and
seasoning holy it smells so good
and you do the dishes they get all ready
let's have a look oh it up it's
looking really good I'm just gonna give
those a little bit of a stir so they
don't burn okay so these were actually
in there for like 40 minutes or so but
now they're nice and soft in the middle
and these are definitely nice and crispy
mmm okay now I'm gonna do some toppings
okay so I'm gonna do two sides yeah um
this looks so good it smells amazing
I'm half gonna do a cream cheese on half
I'm gonna do pumpkin hummus
and then anyone some of those at
chickpeas on top
and here's my lunch looks so good I'm so
proud of myself I added in some of this
basil and kale pesto as well on the side
I have a lot because I am a sucker for
pista here we go it's got the pisto on
in the hummus hmm Amanda if you're
watching this you would be so proud of
me right now this is epic holy so
YUM hallelujah I just finished this
video that I filmed today filming
finished editing it I think that'll go
up while I'm in Tahiti possibly I'm like
pre recording some beauty stuff for a
while I'm away so hopefully you guys
like it it's just really quick and easy
makeup for lazy people like me sometimes
when I got people to do my makeup now
I'm gonna get my daily vlog and maybe a
bloopers video and also I got a package
just take him into shock I got a package
just before as well so let's see what's
inside all right
oh my gosh oh my gosh my gosh my gosh my
gosh how do I get this out without
peanuts going everywhere oh my gosh oh
my goodness okay so we have this huh Oh
cute it's a little Christmas decoration
oh my gosh better than sex mascara my
favorite especially in sample size you
like sample size in scars is so much
better than like regular sized and then
it this is the melted cheese and sweet
cheeks
so it comes with three blushes and three
melted lipstick funky thing oh that's
what it looks like I don't have any
information on like when all this comes
out and I'm assuming it's for Christmas
they look like Christmas it's three of
the la creme lipstick oh my gosh like
mini melters holy crap
and then liqueur and Chateau which I
know is a Christmas wish I'm pretty sure
it's out at the moment cutest packaging
ever I died
look how cute oh my goodness Oh in a bit
of them sex mascara down there too oh oh
I see I see okay
how cute is that packaging so you
specially
okay I got it I got it now put and it
comes with three pallets I'm guessing
there's one haha look how pretty this is
oh so pretty I'm in love thank you so
much two-faced your little piglets
but my mum's here oh that zoomed-in say
hello hi we're just doing a couple work
things together and then we're out to
wait they were going to my auntie's
house who lives like what an hour we're
just thunder yeah like an hour away so
we're gonna drive there for my cousin's
but they do know the cousin that was in
my float the other day Ainsley you
probably know her from my vlogs if
you've been following this vlog channel
for like years she's been in some of my
older blogs but yeah so yeah we're just
doing a dinner and what we're having but
I'll vlog it and I think today's my
100th vlog is it which is crazy a
hundred days of vlogging do you think
about that mom yeah you hippie Lily yeah
he's trying to get my gum out of my
mouth no I hate this word the gorge
it's creepy is being if you don't live
in New Zealand you wouldn't know about
these being haters of like here
it's worth like millions of dollars it's
like cover the entire rod like koh lipe
stuff so scary let's see how these like
chicken wire luck pills there's being
some massive ones and it wasn't the one
over there and it like buried a train
like a girl to a god
basically my granddad always like to say
that people used to come along here back
in the day when there were no roads when
their horse and carriage or take them
days so we've just arrived dinners
behind us somewhere I don't know what it
is but hopefully I mean he was good I've
never been here before I got the
vegetable curry and Enza got vegetable
pasta we got our food first cuz we're
special now we're going back to my
auntie's house and we're gonna hear some
yummy mummies cheesecake which is the
best cheesecake it in the whole world
from there one metal part from the one
that my mom makes boom
I told Hamish I have to make it from one
day because Hamish loves cheesecake you
do that and he's like now you won't even
make it good he doesn't have any faith
in me so yeah we're just going back
there what's the time 7:30 and then
after that I suppose we'll just hit home
again and go see Hamish and Angie yup
Hamish can't come because it was busy
this afternoon
hi oh good BEC loves me
oh he's coming back
come back no it doesn't like me anymore
let's get'em her off come eat my hand it
tastes good as I add a toe so we're just
like what is happening no come back come
back
birthday cheesecake cheesecake for a new
office with the candles how many candles
does Nate like 28 countless haircut
makeup I just got home and now I'm gonna
go to sleep well I'm gonna wash my face
and go to sleep and I'm gonna say
goodnight now because the last couple
nights
the good nights they're just being
screwing up so if you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I will talk to you soon
and thanks for sticking around for a
hundred vlogs that's crazy bye
