good morning everyone guess where I just
came back from quite good to get back to
the gym just since I heard a was it
Friday off yeah I think so
um so there's no mail today so it's
actually I believe a public holiday in
New Zealand I think obviously like I
don't have a conventional job so I don't
really know I don't really get told
these things which also means my
managers are away so I don't have any
urgent emails or anything have to deal
with urgently I was gonna be filming
today because I want to do one or two
more Halloween tutorials that broken
doll which I still haven't done
hopefully I can film that tomorrow
there's also our the Halloween to the
world I really wanted to do it I don't
know photo time and I actually have a
Halloween tutorial every upload day this
week on my major and Monday Wednesday
Friday at all the Halloween tutorials
this week I mean next week obviously
we'll be back to normal it's normal
pretty beauty video I have a couple
prove them like that half face tutorial
my pale makeup tutorial and some other
video as a store to edit and obviously
the videos with crystals while I still
have to start editing I might add some
stuff later this afternoon but I thought
because I have a little bit more like
flexibility with my day today I might do
some cleaning Hamish is on his way a bit
from taupo right now so I thought I
would just do a little bit of cleaning
and try and make the house look a little
bit more presentable mainly a beach room
and maybe just Invicta me or something
I'll just see how much I can get done
because I just don't have to do a little
bit of work today but yeah I'm just
gonna wait through the shower so I'm
done cleaning cuz usually when I'm
cleaning I'm like I don't know I can't
really hot as well so I'm probably
shower afterwards my skin is still
freaking out it's probably because last
week I ate super bad I'm also being like
incredibly stressed like sauver stress
which is fine I'm really really really
not good with stresses I like I stressed
out flashy much and I don't know how to
deal with stress um obviously I'm a bit
of a workaholic so I just like work
really hard I feel like I'm always
stressing about something and it's
always something that's gonna be hitting
and I'll start stressing out about it
before it's even important to be
stressed about you know what I mean like
that minutes going around the moment
it's like I stress out about being
stressed before it's even before
everyone's stressed or whatever it is
like that is me to tea but last week I
don't know my stress was just like
through the roof I guess because like
crystal was coming and Pagan was coming
and I had so much Witcher Halloween
tutorials a really intense like October
is usually my busiest month of the year
because of Halloween tutorials they take
a lot more time to film and edit and
everything and then I usually am filming
and uploading more than normal
well I mean this year I didn't really do
any bonus uploads like I was planning to
so I didn't really feel like I had that
much extra time so extra upload because
of these daily vlogs I'm still like
uploading these as well it's just like
so overwhelming but I'm happy I'm doing
it because the finished product and your
feedback and everything makes it really
worth it I am enjoying it I let people
like are you enjoying it they're like if
you don't enjoy it don't do it I am
enjoying it it's just I still get
stressed because that's just me I was
trace a holic but yeah it's been really
fun and I've just like adored doing
these Halloween tutorials I might kind
of said that Halloween's almost over
like I just have so much fun doing them
and the feedback I've been getting has
just been amazing like I'm just ah I
love it yeah I'm gonna start cleaning a
little bit we just admire the miss the
dogs have made in here already look at
this I came home today and LOI Ally just
stopped my talk oh oh my god oh my good
uh anyway Jesus that hurt glowy like
shoot up all this paper all over the
couch isn't here Jim loved that dog love
him and then in here I've still got all
these clothes need to put away from ages
ago
hey man and I needed to put away all
this stuff and then I've got stuff all
over the bench again I might just start
with doing the dishes or something
all right it's one o'clock and so far I
have done the kitchen clean the oven and
cleaned the rangehood and then I cleaned
the toilet in their fat cams clean the
toilet and myrrh and Bennett hidden
stuff in here and then I vacuum to our
and put away all my clothes and I
haven't made the bid or anything yet and
those are homeless clothes that are on
the floor and I tied up that top thing
over there as well now I'm going to
tackle the dining room actually I've got
to hang out some washing as well all
right I just finished it is ten past two
so my video would have just gone up so
I'm gonna go share my video on my
Facebook page and stuff and read some of
the first comments and then I'm going to
have a shower and then I'm gonna make
some food it's gonna be a light lunch
today how much better does that look
oh I'll show you the memo bag that
Krystal got me in a bit to lighting now
- look how pretty is hold on let me take
off the little plastic I love it so much
thank you again Krystal you didn't know
I have to buy me this but I'm pretty
start here really like I don't know what
I'm gonna use it for yet what do you
guys use your mum codecs for let me know
in the comments there it is oh I'm
shaking my hands like trembling because
I'm so hungry so I'm just gonna change
this I like to put my recent videos on
my main screen let's have a look yeah
change of plan Hamish just go home so
we're gonna say the dogs for a wolf I'm
gonna get some food and then I'm gonna
come home and shower and then I'm gonna
eat it it's not big time I got jalapenos
today - didn't you know he had a little
play - even and he was actually nice for
once because usually he'd get so jealous
did you make it go friend oh maybe it's
a boyfriend
what's that we've adopted a dog I'm all
showered and it is 425 p.m. so I'm gonna
eat it's today's vlog and then if I feel
like it I'm gonna eat it a main Channel
video as well which I should have done
by now but you know I'm glad I go all
the cleaning done though the house looks
so much nicer and it was mashed it's
going for what with Hamish since I
haven't seen him since like last
Thursday will do anyway someone's found
a spot in the Sun
I've just finished it is hanging up my
twin one video of this look and this
look so yeah it's like a toe in one and
I also floated yesterday's vlog so if
you meant see me yet make sure you check
that in the downbar I just moved his bed
for him I am such a sucker
look at you you spoiled dog such a model
look at you posing I'm just reading my
comments when you stay slogging you guys
are being so whoo nice and thank you for
understanding
I got like such a dick saying that stuff
yesterday but I mean you know I just had
to get off my chest in like it's so much
different like it's so much easier for
me to say that kinda thing in a video
rather than to someone's face cuz like I
don't want them to just think that I
hate them all I think that they're a
dick or something you know I don't want
to make them feel awkward like I don't
know cuz I'm sure they don't mean to do
it you know and maybe anyway I just
reading this comment from Emma and I
thought this was so funny
she's like the amount of times I've had
my bum grabs and I clubbed by some
one boy disappears into the crowd but
weird though that's like the coolest
insult every other hood bumble I'm gonna
use that one people always ask me what I
used to do make thumbnails I just use
Photoshop I just literally like crop
them into the same image and then delete
a white line and then cut roots if I
need to brighten
and I can whatever whatever whatever and
that's how I make my little thumbnails
that's my one for my toe in one kit
video I hope you guys enjoy it I really
like how they came out
I guess the hot thing is like regarding
yesterday is like people that watch my
videos probably feel like they know me
you know like I always get that like
when I meet my viewers in real life
they're like oh I feel like I really
know you I feel like we've like best
friends like because I watch you every
day and blah blah which is amazing like
it's so like it's really cool to hear
that but I guess like some people forget
that in reality like I don't know them
you know like they know everything about
me but I know nothing about them so like
maybe that's why the barriers kind of
get a little bit blurry sometimes I have
no idea I don't know there's just a
random thought that popped into my head
because I always see that people I feel
like I know you're I have no idea thank
you guys for understanding oh it's even
Ellie Ben just finished those
screenshots I'm just saying oh so maybe
so just homes for sure media and reading
some tweets and stuff I've just been
having a little tweet spree but yeah I'm
sort of hungry I need to eat something
just art no wallet I'm wearing this
trace I got from mob hit by the way it's
like a mini dress and it's just like
t-shirt style and then it's got the
little tie up this avocado I found just
like chillin by itself in the bottom of
the fridge and as you can see it's kind
of gross but I'm just gonna eat like
this part in this part and everything
will be swell guess what I'm having for
dinner
I'm gonna take a wild guess and guess
that you guys guessed this right
guests guests got sunflower seeds on
here and some chia seeds avocado lots of
tomato some almonds and in case you're
nuts because these are delicious I have
decided I'm going to use this mask
tonight alpha H liquid gold smoothing
and perfecting a mask with lemon does so
hopefully be nice on my skin it says
it's fix foley and clarifying and
brightening here's how it is looking
hopefully this feels good afterwards I
don't think I've used this one before I
think I've used the other alpha h1 but
not this one
