good morning I'm in Wellington's - and
we are driving somewhere to get
something this actually it's a breakfast
before you hit home today man last night
with Nick I'm so happy
I already scoped my water and I've got
orange juice miss so solid so pulpy and
delicious liquid in Christo just got
butter and then over here we just have
Marmite and then here we have a movie
I think I'm the most adventurous Sally
forgot where she Patrick hi I won't be
walking around just like I think my cars
on this direction
completion no it's got a world like 11
minutes the other way who are just like
no life is hard
well picked up and ready to go home we
finally made it and we finally found the
car after like half an hour of looking
so tired you tired way crying like
crying it's her chem huh I know it's a
turn he's a pagan he's gonna try and
look he is like you he'll serve rude way
getting pizza come on
Takumi hurry up favorite pizzas double
bacon cheeseburger favorite music has
Christian folk favorite sports team is
the lake is nice to meet you
I am innocent you sighs blog at the
moment waiting for a pizza liquid
arrives picking up cheese and I got
extravagant weird pizza it's Hawaiian
without to the hem and I added tomato
red onions and stuffed crust holy crap
he's dripping
if I'd have a look there we go oh my
gosh Miska is freaking out too much
sugar and stuff lately anyways I just
got home from jumping off pagan and I'm
going to shower because I his shop store
we're used to those which is
awesome and then I'm gonna go see my mom
and family for a bit my cousin's over
from Australia so we're gonna go hang
out do dinner and stuff I just feel like
I need to get something off my chest I
actually feel really bad even talking
about this because I don't wanna make
anyone feel bad and I feel like no
matter how I say this people are just
gonna call me a bitch and I don't know
but I just really like I don't even I
wouldn't even feel the need to talk
about this any reason except for the
fact that it's happened a few times now
and I honestly feel terrible that I'm
even saying this basically like a few
times now I have been you know like out
with my friends we've had some drinks so
we've gone like clubbing or whatever I
don't even know okay so basically like I
met so many of you guys last night
Saturday night that watched my videos
like I'm not kidding there were tons and
tons and tons and tons of her so I mean
II owe some people I just saw in passing
and they said hello well some people who
took photos with me you know just all
sorts which is really really cool and
really fun so many beautiful lovely
people but at one point me and pagan
were like just in the bathroom or
something and you know I was having a
chat like a couple of girls you know
typical drunk chat like oh I love you
outfit just harmless talk but this girl
must have realized why wasn't she CA but
oh you're the girl it does YouTube
videos yeah I like your videos like
whatever apparently remember exactly how
the conversation we in bet she's I love
that top on your nose oh thank you so
much like I was like yeah like you know
early whatever exhibiting the compliment
Peggy's like yeah it makes her boobs
look really good like you know who is
just kind of like a typical
comments that you would make you know
when you're with your girlfriend she
like oh my girl your boobs look so good
narrow your bum looks so nice and then
what about but I feel Soviet even bring
this up I just really feel like I need
to because it's just been bothering me
and this has happened a few times like
not obviously not the same person like
different people I just really want to
get off my chest and hopefully some
people will see this and try not to do
it to me so many people grab my boobs it
sounds really stupid but it still makes
me feel very very uncomfortable and I
feel terrible we were hanging out
because I'm sure like she's probably
just drunk and I didn't really realize
what she was doing but I don't see what
the difference is between a random dude
on the street like grabbing my baby boy
she's happened in the past and I started
crying because it was really creepy and
a girl doing it like what's the
difference like it's my private body and
I'm so sorry if I sound rude like you
like I'm this girl from even gonna watch
this that she was really lovely bad it
just makes me feel very uncomfortable
and I kind of don't know what to do and
she did it twice and I was just like
like I know I did videos on my boobs
online and I thoroughly think that boobs
are just boobs and it's just like who
even cares about boobs but I still don't
want to be grabbed especially on my
boobs it's just a personal area and just
because I did like place to surgery
videos and stuff does not mean that like
my boobs are public property and it's
happened a few times like I've even had
one girl asked to motorboat me and then
I said no and then she kept harassing me
about it and asking me and asking me
it's so awkward to talk about this video
I just wanted to bring it up in hopes
that maybe people would remember that
when they meet me in real life or
something I don't know
I bet they won't even say this but yeah
you know most of my friends haven't even
grabbed my boobs like you know how
people all like oh like you know like
you've got fake boobs or they feel like
like old movies and stuff and all their
friends like touch them and stuff like
my friends don't even ask me about that
like I offered to like my close friends
I do wanna say what they feel like and
then I get but they didn't even ask me
that I went like a shank I grab you -
it's like it's just a very private
I don't know I only grabbed like one
time I was in town with Danny Minh City
and
girly ripped my hair she was like
pulling my hair she's like I'm gonna
fight her with me she's like all right
it's just every time I go like clothing
out it's just starting to get really
overwhelming well I think if these
things that keep happening when I'm
drunk like you know when other people
are drunk it's I don't know it's making
me feel anxious before anything even
happens and it makes me like really
nervous like go out and do things it
makes me incredibly nervous when I
actually make genuine followers like if
I even seem a bit like a like I think
it's just because like I didn't know
like what someone's gonna do to me this
sounds so awkward and it sounds kind of
pathetic in my head but hopefully I'm
coming across how I want to go there
makes no sense but you know I mean look
who just sat down behind me I don't know
yeah anyway that's my little talk of the
day I just really wanted to get off my
chest like I don't know it's just
happened quite a few times now and I'm
just kind of like hmm anyways I'm gonna
have a shower now and this is like
missive this like pimple and you do
another face mask I'm glad you guys
liking you say his vlogs are like we had
such a good time out together apart from
there was a couple of things that were
happening last night Deena is so funny
like at the end of last night on my vlog
I was like peeing my pants when I was
editing out holy he's so funny
Krista was amazing too such a sweetheart
I've watched her blog she put a vlog up
on her blog channel which I linked in
the downbar of yesterday's video if you
want to go she had her blogs you know
well like her daily vlogs or I think she
doesn't four times a week she said
something roughly anyway yeah she was
like oh like just talking about me and I
was like filling up with boom fuzzies
all day on she's so sweet she's such a
sweet person and just so genuine and
amazing and hard-working and just
beautiful I told her as well as like
you've got the best fashion see inside
of anyone I know like I love her fashion
she always looks perfect I'm like hmm I
must see my family now when really all I
want to do is take a nap but I haven't
seen them in ages and don't want to see
my cousin my skin is just yuck of course
I picked at it because it's kind of help
myself you know I'm living on orange
juice right now
she goes come back come back
hello come back do you want it or not
do you want it ah ah yeah yeah fine you
win so it just got home I don't know
what the chair is doing so just been
hearing with my family for a while I
didn't vlog my job viously cuz it's like
family stuff so yeah it's quarter to
9:00 p.m. and I'm gonna go lie in bed
and watch some YouTube for the rest of
the night Hamish gets home tomorrow I
think it is so I'm alone tonight
I ain't indeed but the puppies so nice
to be invade her I just feel free
realize it's kind of nice just being by
myself like secretly like I miss Hamish
but I don't know sometimes it's just
nice to have some you time and just
because I guess I've been hanging with
people all weekend so it's just some me
time if I was by myself this whole
weekend I would be like dying inside
right now I get really lonely really
easily anyways so I thought I would pick
a random topic of the day so thank you
guys for continuously leaving ideas and
the comments down below feel free to
leave some more or if I haven't answered
your one feel free to write it again or
whatever whatever someone wants to know
about confidence and confidence is
something I really wanted to like an
entire video about like something
similar to like my heart to heart video
which of you if you haven't seen in my
heart to heart video just search
shinning so our heart to heart it'll
come up and snow on confidence but I
think I just want to give you a couple
of quick tips confidence is definitely I
guess a journey it's not an easy thing
to master it took me what like 20 years
to down pack a little bit of confidence
and even now sometimes I don't feel like
the most confident person in the world
but I do have my moments and I'm so so
much more confident than I used to be
and with confidence comes those things
like loving yourself and accepting
yourself and I think the first step
- confidence is kill it the comparison
comparison is like horrible if you just
learn it to accept that everybody is
different everyone's got different
attributes about them that make them
special and that make them em everyone
has downsides
everyone has positive attributes as well
like that's what makes us all so
different and you need to like stop
comparing yourself to other people when
I was younger and I guess it was because
I was like bullied for my appearance and
stuff I would always compare the way I
looked to other girls and I think that
really put me down I was like oh why
isn't my eye color blue like hers and
then I would be like why is my hand not
long and curly like hers why do I not
have a really tiny waist like her why do
I not have a really thick but like her
or like I don't even know I'm just
making up stuff right now this isn't
actually accurate in my brain it's fine
to want certain things you know like me
like I kind of want to get a nose job
one day just straighten up my nose it's
not some comparing myself to you what
else it's just because there's something
personal to me that it's in my brain oh
no a comedian good morning he's having a
little cry because he wants a cuddle
um so comparison is really what kills
you though because you're not they're
not the person and I always say to
people I'm like that one girl that
you're looking at all that one boy that
you were looking at and being like man I
wish I was then they're probably
thinking like man I wish I was as cute
as them like many year
everyone likes things that you know
other people have that they don't it's
just human nature I think once you learn
to accept that I feel like I don't know
a lot I just had so much confidence in
myself when I stopped comparing myself
to other people I was like this is me
I came Harrison wasn't it so I wasn't
like putting myself down or like you
know I wasn't giving myself such high
expectations it's always good to have
goals but not when it comes to like
comparing us off to other people with me
like I want to look bad or like whatever
whatever I don't know if that makes
sense well so why should I stand like
fake it till you make it
I wish I like tried to be a little bit
more outgoing at high school and
everything but I'm just not that kind of
here's I'm a very shy person honestly
like in the industry I'm in like
had to do like meetups and I've had to
meet really you know big businesses I've
had to talk to like really up their
people and just things like that like
things I never thought I'd have to do
and inside I'm dying inside I want to
like curl up into a ball that might help
in bed and just cry and get really
nervous but I just kind of faked it I'm
like no like I know I've accomplished
things I know I've done good things I
know that you know my viewers like
watching my videos and I know that I'm
putting out quality content and I'm
thinking like I know these people like
when I talk to me for a reason you know
you need to not put yourself down I
think when we're growing up people just
I don't know it's almost like we're kind
of trained to put ourselves down a bit
otherwise you're being like up yourself
or whatever I used to say the same thing
and it was back when I wasn't confident
I always think the people that say like
stopping sew up yourself it's the people
that don't have that confidence saying
that you're good at something and saying
that you're proud of something is a good
thing you should be able to say like I
am so proud of like what I've
accomplished because you're butch for
that and I think it's important to like
recognize your own success because that
gives you more motivation to go harder
you know that does give you more
confidence whereas when you put yourself
down it's like the opposite you're just
crushing it you know and you're like
making yourself feel bad it's like very
mental I never know where I'm going with
that it's like this is why I need to a
video but I need to like write down all
these bullet points and just like talk
about stuff of course I'm not talking
about people they're like oh my god I
like so much hotter than here oh my god
I'm like the hospice in the world oh my
god that's a little bit different
I'm just being genuinely like if you get
straight A's flaunt that her kids
don't feel bad about it like her for a
job interview and say yo I got like
straight A's this year in my exams I am
amazing
that's what Hamish says to him is just
so random fact about Hamish he is so
good at like job interviews I was like
you should be like one of those people
that trains people with job interviews
because he would just nail it it's his
biggest thing he's like talk to yourself
up like know what you're good at and
just talk yourself up and they're gonna
pick you for that job over someone
that's something they're like yeah I
guess I'm like pretty good at like
talking to people I don't know like you
know nervous people just be confident
just put yourself out there bite the
bullet what's the worst that's gonna
happen I'm just like babbling right now
I don't watch some YouTube with my puppy
he's having a good rub on shoe hey so
funny he's like gotten used to the
camera I used to hate the camera and
like kind of like hi to like Zeus toss
now he just like looks at the camera
just poses done sure he's stoked with
life I'm gonna go watch jenna Marbles
um what's it called how do I know your
dogs part three I love those videos just
editing yesterday's vlog and I forgot
say good night sir sorry
good night I fell asleep while I was
watching youtube videos bye
