hey guys so I just woke up like half an
hour ago it's 9:30 today pagan and I are
going to hit to Wellington to see Sully
and I'm so excited to see her I'm so I'm
just gonna eat it
yesterday's vlog now and then after that
we will just pick up grab our makeup in
our outfits and I've got to grab some
stuff for Sully and we'll probably just
hit off hopefully today's blogs
interesting I don't really know what's
happening at the stage so up some stuff
from the cruelty-free shot which I have
no idea if I'm sure I did not buy this
like I do not remember making an order
so hopefully it's not an error I'm
pretty sure I actually ordered this last
time it just didn't come with my last
order summated our out of stock so there
is pumpkin spinach mushroom Ken Loney
and there is roasted vegetable mac and
cheese vegan and gluten-free and this I
would give them a go chicken style
nuggets meat for you
Sasa die from it came at I got this a
day without laughter is a day wasted and
I got this from the warehouse oh it's
upside down store hi I thought that I'm
really cool to tame about somewhere in
the house and in some of this as pagans
but this thing from yesterday and I got
Hamish something to it but I won't show
it
what is it
no sit sit you're not eating it so this
is scary
okay me and Pagan both got a pair of
these shoes just for casual
I got two of these because our current
door starts up in some undies my current
door stops and heavy enough because
Louie walks off with them so hopefully
he can't lift this one it's like very
heavy it's like marbled it's not your
toy I also got some underwear 3-pack for
10 bucks
leopard print black and a blue pair a
couple packs socks these ones my
favorite look unicorns and then rainbows
on the back and then these ones are
pineapples and then just a couple like
plain appears as well and then pagan got
the same except she just got socks and
shoes as well got my makeup will packed
and ready and we're almost ready to go
we've just stopped in Potter powder room
and we're getting some subway cuz we're
hungry we're like over halfway now yes
lovely and they go they made my subway
watches me so hello if you're watching
I'm sure this will be delicious
I made it to Sully's health and crystal
ending and Thomas and Philly Hagen we're
I think they haven't had lunch yet
because it's like 2:18 so we'll probably
just go find somewhere for them to eat
and I'm just gonna go drink cause I'm
like super dehydrated yeah creep so we
are meeting Tama and ding and crystal at
the mall and the seller
I don't know what else to blog about
right now I wish I had makeup on my face
is all flushed I got a tank and Sully
bought it for me because I was dumb and
I left my wallet in my car
I sewed up she's got some sheep pink ice
cream in time I got food and Krista and
Dana over there this is so good what is
this again yeah I haven't tried it
before in salad said it was good
you can continue now show them what
you're getting we're getting itching hug
are we getting matching ones and she's
getting this bag and it's really pretty
and we got stuff to go pagan what mean
it was less I take notes but you
clarified for me and then it's broken it
I smell like these kinds of new clothes
is always break and just like fall upon
us see what's next where did you find me
anyway 'ls I was like we don't need
those you were like yes I do
like can you see how Halloweeny I'm sure
you know well so much II in the lack of
the potty breaks we're off to get some
tonight where we going to bring the
chicory this way we wait last time with
Jenny and sell it aunt Ella oh my god
Kristin today okay we just said Maya how
many chefs are too smooth I'm pretty
sure like three Baxter - he's my bigger
this is my end result with Tama helping
I've done my hair and makeup crystal was
so nice and just like trimmed my seems
these have those no new ones I showed
not the subtle ones is different but
they're just like really shitty ones
that I bought off trade me just for like
what i'm calling and stuff with always
you dont know eighter like I ruined them
she trims them to me because they looked
really harsh before but here's my makeup
I'm wearing the romantic bike so beauty
and then my outfit this white top I got
off I think dish or um I think was dish
yeah I think the skirt is off misguided
and it's just like a MIDI uh this isn't
what this is is MIDI yeah MIDI my bum
looks really big Annette and then I'm
just gonna weigh like black heels
probably how do you like zoom on us
because I want to learn how to say
tama-chan I head gherkins a my hair yes
yo it's Dane here and I'm just ending
challenge
Shannon swabs cuz she's a Shan Shan you
better bloody oh look at her she's just
say she's under the bloody look at time
I saw rugby yo-yo rugby come on bite off
my makeup that's right I will catch you
later
we'll see ya on the next one stop
watching rugby no one cares boom boom
