good morning as you can see I washed my
hair this mine I didn't actually go to
the gym I woke up at like 6:30 then I
woke up at like 7:00 and 7:30 I was just
so tired so I decided to have a day off
it's Friday 20 pacify and I am just
finishing off my video that's going out
today because it is another
collaboration so I just had to evidence
I maestra close before I uploaded it so
I'm doing that now pagans in the show
Hamish is making me some breakfast
because he's off today I think he's
going to tell Paul or something so yeah
look how its another collaboration with
he did like I did the pretty fairy
whoops it's not in order
I did the pretty fairy and then he did
really super cool elf Lowell me and
Pagan have made some but you might don't
know if this is Marmite on toast because
we just looked at the packaging and it
looks like Marmite has more b12 and iron
whereas Vegemite has just like random B
vitamins instead anyway am i watching
some trashy TV we've both got our hair
towels on lookin sexy okay so I got a
bunch of mayo just try not to show you
my dress is heaps but another one of
these bags which is that like cool or
lame or whatever it is so let's see
what's in here
this looks more promising lay more love
am I gonna get like tricked again
today it's a yo-yo Perez this company
doing this battery operated yo-yo you
jealous bacon you be jealous anyway yes
sorry I'm cool thank you
who the save me that now I've got one
two three four five more possible so
let's go for it
like playing with it and it just fell
off it's got the little leg screw just
shattered dreams are shattered is this
part of it sure why not
oh my gosh Louise I give it to me I will
fix it they can sit on that pig before
because she knows it was so hilarious
Hey
her I've also got some stuff from
Elizabeth Arden they always spoil me
with their PR samples so we'll see
what's in here
alright looks like we've got some kind
of perfume as this oh this will be for
Hamish Hamish isn't here to get it so
Hamish got this he got John Varvatos I
don't know if it's hoping us it oh you
like it
dak ribble I got something here Oh new
makeup collection by Elizabeth Arden
I'll open it and show you what's inside
one second okay so I'll read this in a
second but there's this like bronze eye
product called Gold
illumination highlighter bronzer that is
beautiful
I want to swatch the middle shade oh
yeah that's really pretty
also a eyeliner oh it's a liquid
eyeliner I have their pencil eyeliners
they've seen them to be in the past them
they're like incredible for people tools
like this super creamy and pigmented but
this is a liquid so they'd be fun to try
out also a lip gloss this is in the
shade Imperial shimmer 17 looks like the
whitening lightning packaging like it
looks the same and then I mean the
jerricans mitts packaging sorry and then
this is the beautiful color
I should have quad golden opulence
that's what the colours look like
they're not like incredibly incredibly
pigmented but in nice and know maybe
with a primer that'd be a bit better I
reckon this is worth picking up for sure
the gold illumination that's pretty oh
it's called the golden opulence color
collection and it's available at all
Elizabeth Adams talkies from a 30th of
October next parcel is in tip ADIZ I
don't even know if I'm saying that
correctly every time I say anyway like
people were like no that's wrong so he
nursed so here's a few little pamphlets
and then a couple person yeah okay so
we've got a SPF 15 face and body
moisturiser I would be perfect for
summer and then we also have a little
minis moisture boost me
I have my goodie box which I won't show
you what's inside right now cuz I don't
know if everyone's got theirs yet and I
don't want to ruin it for everyone and
then I also have another page here I
almost just showed you my truth
okay annex package let's see what's in
here Oh
pagans fixed it yeah girl look at that
glowing actions and tricks in here I got
the Smashbox camera ready at BB cream
which I think I already have
hopefully I like I really want to do
like a first impression video on it the
shade here is in a light neutral
pigma space time like it what does that
leave in treatment like what is it no he
probably thinks it's like them yeah he
probably thinks it's for him cuz I have
like this dog one that you spray on
their coat to like stop them getting
fleas and stuff probably thinks it's bad
he's probably like no I don't want it
he's like I'm good loving you is such a
suck you're hiding behind mum anyways I
got some Sol extensions and some like
Facebook groups I'm part of like people
say these are like the best extensions
there are so I wanted to try them this
is like a case to put them in and then
some spirit little Sookie babe is it
good what is that misguided one of my
favorites
alright I just boy it's around stuff
it's James oh I saw my jeans I just like
completely worn out already
I should really invest in expensive ones
but whatever and this is a bodycon dress
oh it's a nice khaki green color which I
love and this looks like a long-sleeve
is it for t-shirt gets a body suit
some t-shirts body so it's all jeans and
then some cool t-shirts as well
straight out of money what else I like
this one and this one is my favorite
bacon like this one so that crop top and
I don't know why keeps a name like that
oh that's a just a black bodysuit as
well I'm wearing my pajamas so I got
dressed and put on some makeup quickly I
think me and Pagan is just going to go
check out our mall or something because
there's not much to do so it's raining
and it's with it and I can see you
in the mirror
they say I'm wearing this top they got
from misguided and I'm wearing my Peggy
Murray jeans which by the way I keep
eating to say if you want team missing
off pegye Mary clothes you can put in
shinnok's or at you gotta get two
percent off when crying right but on my
face I have easy lip liner by colour-pop
I have that Tom Ford illuminating Jo I
have the brow plumper by L'Oreal I have
a covergirl mascara and the CC cream by
it cosmetics yes it cosmetics that's
what's on my face now just blow dry my
hair and lift at Metro
what are you doing what are you doing
Louie hey hi everyone this t-shirt is
like way too big for me so I've tied it
up in a knot at the front and then those
are the jeans and it's Louie and I even
got shoes on cause you get a beach house
and you put them in your beach house so
look at that so cute look at the samples
and you can get sand in a bottle oh cool
he's holding a TD I'm pinch on my name's
not on their email of the day so me and
Pagan have come back home for a bit we
just went and saw my mom and we are
going to go out for dinner with my mom
as well and you know I don't know I keep
saying I owned and you anyway so we went
shopping today
wait the plaza in the warehouse and I
brought heaps of stuff which I'm gonna
show you in a bit but I just can't be
folded showing you right now cuz I'm
super tired I don't know what's wrong
with me I'm just like I've got no energy
I had lunch we just had like some fudge
and chocolate
so that was my it's kind of too late to
eat anything right now cuz we're going
for dinner in like an hour or so yeah
I'll show you what I got
we got some really cool stuff it's all
like super random stuff like housewares
and underwear and socks and things I got
the cutest socks today yeah those three
dollars to three pins from Kmart my
favorite Hagen was shot she was like
wait it's it's only three dollars I was
like yeah the three dollars and she was
like what so yeah anyway so I thought
I'd just fill you in and mine your video
is that today my um pretty fury tutorial
is up
my favorite mum got what you get belly
belly bacon got nothing
okay so we just watching some movies and
now I'm going to hit vid I will show you
when i got from game and everything
tomorrow hopefully if i remember we're
heading to Wellington tomorrow so we're
just so Evans I'll show you eventually
anyway they are just to the tide tonight
and it was good I'm feeling super super
full and yeah I guess I will just talk
to you guys tomorrow bye
