hey guys it's like 8 a.m. and I haven't
been to the gym yet it's such with
it it's so windy I'm panicking that like
flights are gonna be like put off or
something like that's how windy it is
it's crazy but hopefully not pagans need
to fly in in three hours
wait 1911 yeah like three hours and
there is a who makes the gym yet isn't
waiting because people like the post
easel something is supposed to be
picking up that MacBook today between
7:00 and 11:00 was it something like
that so I'm hoping they come soon so
that I can like go to the gym because I
can't just leave cuz then they can't
pick it up and yeah someone dressed and
ready for the gym and hoping that
they're gonna come soon but I'm really
really really hungry so I'm gonna have
some video my don't touch base breakfast
ever
this is the look I am editing it's this
one here
I haven't adjusted this pocket but three
packages here one of them's for the dogs
animates his seem tough something hi
Louie and Zeus here a couple of things
to help you look as cool as your mom at
Halloween your biggest fans animates
huge oh my gosh look at this group in
dinner
oh my goodness and look this is just
like a little head oh my goodness I died
it's a little bit too big i lo II
do you like it do you like his eyes look
so angry have you got a little bit song
lose fluff do you want one too courage
endure it just sent me a bunch of stuff
thank you guys so much
I'll show you what it is soon they gave
me a cat as well thank you for the
support we hope you enjoy these products
and we look forward to seeing more of
your gorgeous work Hey look how cute
that card is so we have the natural
lighting powder facial wash spa water
cleansing spa water aquifer nation which
I'm so excited about we have the liquid
treatment concealer and moisture
foundation oh and these pure cotton then
this fell apart but we have a note we
have a big capela I already know what
this is I've seen people posting about
it I didn't know it was already out I
thought that was just like teasing so
this is exciting
big hug limited edition shimmer
shimmering skin perfector pressed
champagne glow palette see the knife
this is what the palette looks like
pearl champagne pop blushed copper and
that's what they all look like super
pretty another two packages just came
this one here looks like it's in the
exact same bag is that paperweight
yesterday so let's have a look yep it's
the same thing lame Orlov what is this
I'm so confused I think this is like a
magnet what on earth is all the staff
and who is sending it to me then it
looks like we got some stuff from
trilogy we have the nutrient nutrient
plus firming serum and the line
smoothing day cream the met guy came so
now I'm going to the gym whoa
back in a Bret Reed Pickens flights
being delayed by like half an hour and
hour or something so I've got to keep an
eye on that I think it's because the way
this really bad like it's raining and
serve windy here which missed it earlier
and then
thinking crashes average as well I think
she said anyway it is time to pick up
pagan she's finally about to land
according to Google she's like ten
minutes away so I'm just packed on the
side of the road and I check Google and
she's been delayed 37 minutes and she's
literally like up in the air right there
but it's so cloudy and foggy that they
can't land I'm like no and apparently
the flight might be going to Auckland
until like you know Tommy's clear enough
to come like no you're supposed to be
here now so got it
I hope they can land well they can't
land it say it's delayed 37 minutes on
here really got it like I hope she can
like actually make it to pommy today
this sucks
so I guess I'm just have to go back home
and then keep refreshing this page and
see what happened and said hope that she
can message me from somewhere but I feel
bad for packing - like how stuck is that
I hate it when like flights and stuff it
just delayed and detoured and everything
it's so bad like I can see why they
can't land that's the airport over there
it's so cloudy go back home
the time is now 1:27 and I'm editing
yesterday's daily vlog and look who I
found
third height and she's made her friend
I'm gonna get your own vlog sometime
today he loves you like play with me
honey I'm here with the Kelly and Hagen
and we just guy Ann's pick up some money
his remember the other day and we had to
order it out my name for Tahiti
so if you get money and then I might big
Kelly to drive me some way to get
married to something green
I'm so excited so we're at bigger fields
as uridine armed and I got a visa at
Vinci Burgener and we also went to the
pier box just before in this so much
stuff fell open at all at home so in
Java Hungary this is basically dinner
I've got a bunch of mail from OPI box
this is my PO Box address if you are
wondering so I got one litter here so
far from Caitlyn so thank you so much we
litter and I did open it outside
english' went absolutely everywhere
there was so much of it and then the
next one is really sad it says it's like
broken the next letter is from I'm sorry
if I pronounced it wrong
Priya kabob and she gave me two little
ring so I don't think anything was
broken I think maybe in Zappos just
thought it was broken but she sent me
two rings as well in a nice little
litter so thank you so much for you
litter the next letter is really really
cute I want to read the top paragraph
too quick it says hey Shannon I brought
you a really cringe litter a few years
ago and made a stupid song I told you
not to move to Australia sorry about
that
he looked me a really nice message and
say congrats on two mil and is a really
key litter it's really cool I love it
Thank You Gracie for this one the next
one here is from oh I don't know how to
pin up is this I can't read the font I
feel so done is that it Theresa o'clock
I am so sorry if that's wrong hold on I
can't tell if it's a terror J anyway
she wrote really really nice litter as
well and the dogs like hanging around as
you can see she sent me this as well in
the little bit and it says fizzers and
Louie and they are like hanging around
look at them what is it what is it oh I
used to get these veneers a little puppy
little treat thank you so much one fear
good boy and one fear
good boy say thank you so rude look how
awesome this is left from Kate she left
me really really really nicely died and
then she made this Congrats on two
million Shannon and then she also made
this as well oh my goodness this is the
cutest thing ever with the photos so
many dope faces so I've got one little
hair from Renee I hope to meet you one
day and say hello to your mom for me and
see me photos of your Halloween makeup
pretty please and then I also got
another litter and this is so sweet
and she sent me a couple drawings as
well which is so good and she's like I'm
not an artist I just wanted to try and
you did a great job like you would much
better at drawing that I am trust me and
then the other leader I
here is from Chelsea this is her name um
you were both beautiful and thank you so
much for sharing your story and it made
me kind of said but also I just want to
say like don't give up on your dreams
and I'm sure you will be a great makeup
artist you just want to do what you want
to do and do what makes you happy and
then I've got one more package up here
just kidding there's another litter I
just missed it came in this envelope and
hey kiss stamp top five reasons
everybody should be subscribed to
shinnok's oh you're awesome your makeup
is always flawless Louis and Zeus are
adorable you're committed and your
eyebrows are on fleek that's adorable
thank you so much field leader Rihanna
and look she's wearing candy kiss okay
there is an arch hi Shannon and Hamish
Congrats on two million subs and the
spots are a couple of gaming headsets
and hits it stands from the gaming team
at elite gaming ins edge mostly platform
and gaming headset Lou what's it I know
well Hamish and then this one it's blue
one it's not for you look how excited he
is he's like yay and then are these the
two stands thank you guys so much that
was exciting
oh I'm sorry like pink right now halt
thank you guys so much
oil it is I don't know it's just so
weird that people care about me enough
to see me these letters and be so nice
it's just like overwhelming like it's so
different actually getting a little
rather than just like a comment or an
email it's so different and so personal
and I love it and it's also like such a
weird feeling but I really appreciate it
and just so you guys know you're like
please you do not have to see me gifts
and stuff like just a litter is so nice
like don't feel appreciated and think
that you have to see many things because
honestly you really do not need to but I
do appreciate it world to learn stuff
I'm going for the sake of niter okay
let's go load and go last I know I did
okay it's not saying
Hamish wants to go it alone so so going
again and we're also gonna go see
Colonel MIDI and pagans coming of course
know just learnt it at home and John's
coming and this is our neighborhoods
alright that's why I'm not filming that
way
hello green
no star dead along with their long
we just came out of the movie now what
did you guys think I am done
Peggy was sitting there just like
looking at it based on my high rates of
100 Chinon children and you just like no
honestly I just don't want a daughter uh
yeah I don't want a daughter ever mark
by having children are paranoid kids
it's gonna have to do here like me
honestly like that movie is so good
yeah it was pretty good I think some of
the others were bitter but this one ties
up the loose ends a bit bitter so you
know the next one's gonna be like
amazing the whole throat yeah I don't
know why I was in 3d there's nobody to
see the movie fine yeah it was only like
every Lake on earth why every local
slopes a bit like a 3d piece and then
resources - yeah there's a wind it was
me to be the ghosts were in 3d and the
humans are in normal
yeah but I mean it's just don't need it
so yeah that was that day I will vlog
tomorrow Hamish is off tomorrow
my lovely kids away yeah you're gonna
miss me yeah anyway we're gonna go home
and try to sleep don't know if we're
gonna be able to sleep I will try t
tumor
