so I completely forgot to stop vlogging
the other night and the last part of the
vlog that you may have seen and then I
forgot to take my camera to Queenstown
we did a mad rush to Peck and then we're
left at like 5:00 a.m. or something will
die a Gore woke up just before 5 a.m.
and I completely forgot about my vlog
camera so I went to Queenstown without
it it's all I'm sorry today I'm leaving
it for Germany so I'm gonna vlog for you
even though there's probably I'm gonna
be very exciting it's just gonna be
travel but I just thought I would
because I'm loving vlogging lately if
you could not tell this morning i pre
edited three of vlogs to go up and a
couple of it beauty videos like finish
them off it initially it at them just
finish them off so I've got some stuff
to upload a while I'm going I have not
like scheduled them because I just
figured that I can just upload them at
one airship then sit in the hotel that's
it's a veneer at the hotel just because
I don't know what the time difference is
gonna be while I'm in Germany hope
you've all the true figure it out so I'm
just gonna like upload them while I'm
there just like lying there and put them
up and stuff so I can share them and
everything so yeah I've got video is
sorted I'm gonna eat it a couple more on
the plane and yeah just been finishing
off my packing just packing on my tech
stuff at the moment on my charges so
just charge you have another vlog camera
battery okay I leave in two hours
gonna get to the airport around 12:30 or
so and then we leave for Germany tonight
I think it's like 8 o'clock was that
Mara to double-check but we've got heaps
of time at the Auckland Airport during
our transfer so I don't have to rush or
anything so that's really good
so people always ask me how to make the
eggs I make and I thought it was like
such a normal thing but I guess some
countries may not eat eggs like this I
don't know so I just take a small
saucepan and put it with some water and
boil a and I've also put just like a
dollop of white vinegar in there we've
got the lollies for trick-or-treat
because it's Halloween today while I'm
filming this but anyways this is the
vinegar I use doesn't really matter to
be honest and then I've got my thirst
tree and my cut already and the water
level on this is like half full that's
just a small saucepan I'm on your want
your X really like these ones the free
range friends
yes and feel about these chucks and then
I have to okay so the water is now
boiling if it wants to focus so that's a
little bit too hardcore don't mind the
crumbs we need to wipe up this
I just like to turn it about half way
and then when you put your eggs in the
water wall like drastically boil boil it
you know it's things to it and then
while those start to cook
I just put my toast down and that's how
long I cook the toast I mean that's how
long I cook the eggs for however long
make her toast takes to cook oh my god I
mean so tongue-tied I guess it's like
three minutes does that mean minutes you
can kind of check them anyway like when
you're going like this if they're like
still super wobbly and glug it means
they're not cooked yet I like to make
sure that the earth isn't rock-hard in
the middle because I don't like the
you're too hard they also don't like it
too soft so I kind of just judge if I
had jiggly the eggs out when I wall blow
obviously I just put these in so they
are super uncooked at the moment you can
see the boiling is picking up and then
once my toast pops I just turn it off
and then just put the avocado on my
toast and then put the mom
we have made it to the quarry lounge
flight to all glad to be with Michaela
we're pops because it's like my major
like a million degrees it's like an oven
going up the stairs with this heavy bag
but we've made it
thank you hey we're in the play
sorting ourselves out something I like
that got my laptop second just of
editing and my switch second play what's
good start you belly
boom hit yes dude so comfy we're flying
a China today as you can see
this was the safe these ones the
business nice they fold out and I think
the next bites the Thunder so I'm keen
to see what that ones like I have flown
Air China before and it was good I think
that was on the way - no it was on the
way from you Malaysia to LA thank you
yeah show the menu
sorry hot stick one-handed
look movie snacks well it once
okay so that'll be breakfast tomorrow
got Fiji buns we're in Shanghai
no not Shanghai we're in Beijing just
waiting five hours now for our next
flight only half an hour to go yeah how
long we been waiting like seven hours oh
my god
I think we're lit with lift on-site
googled it and that looks like it so I'm
excited
every night nominee time camouflage
good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and
welcome aboard another flight to Berlin
Tegel also from my side
we have arrived it's the hotel now it's
so dark so early though what time is it
like 5:30 it's 5:35 I'm in a pitch-black
wood pretty tired okay so we just
arrived at the hotel with both
so we're just gonna get some delivery or
room service or something Fortuna Grand
Hyatt Berlin and it's amazing man
Michaela freaking out like so beautiful
that sick Olivia it's like a mold down
there of some kind but wants to focus
there we go oh my gosh there's like an
ice-skating rink or something over there
we have what is it Riesling I think it's
a chairman maybe look at this flash TV
van my god bathroom splash like the
wardrobes in there toilet mint shower oh
my god I'm so looking forward to that a
secret I look like garbage like you can
see the tiredness I got this MERS
everywhere and I feel about this no it's
good
what does this say oh it's so nice and
it smells really good which is random
but true yes chili fries they got a lot
of food where is it we got so much food
we ate like nothing on the plane is it
that I don't know if this the name of
the place we'll put them in the fridge I
thought that'd be tiny ones like a New
Zealand but they're really big they're
like thank you Jesus
anyway
we just got mater I'm so excited
that's crazy must be oh it's different
hahaha oh it's so good lettuce yes I
think it's a frame what sir this one
here we got the burger that's like
cauliflower and cream cheese weird -
like trans google translate everything
but they're huge VG vegan menu was
amazing
