everyone sir I just got it from the gym
crystal is coming over in like an hour
and a half so before I have a shower and
before I breakfast I'm going to quickly
tidy up the lounge because there's fluff
everywhere from the dogs toys in the met
so like crooked and now I'm I like the
dogs will probably ruin it before she
even arrives but I'm gonna tidy up
quickly I'm so excited to film with
Chris so I think we're gonna do the
Norma make up challenge and something
else I don't know what yet bar
just hurry up all of this now but I just
faked hand who the brown okay let's see
how dark I got oh my god this is the
most awkward angle ever so dark I need
to fix up this low-cut yay sorry I've
just put in all my extensions I'm so
Brown looks lonely
hi we're about to film a video this is
Krystal by the way of you know who you
do not put he likes down below but yeah
we're about to film I think we're doing
the Norma make up challenge like I think
I said earlier and maybe you like it get
ready with us and then do you know what
I'm like wait my video do you know what
we're doing we're gonna just roll it we
kind of racing against time cuz it's a
living am and as you guys know the
lighting oh it's quite cloudy though so
hopefully we're okay but sometimes the
lighting gets really bad and like an
arrow ha from now so fingers crossed a
socket so a just films the moment my
lipstick looks okay
you didn't really good furniture why we
both missed a little bits and pieces
this is my good wing this is my bad I'll
show you closer in the actual video I
don't know when it's gonna go up but
I'll keep you guys updated did I make up
no more we're just having a quick break
and putting the aircon on in my filming
room because it's super hot and we're
gonna do a Q&A on crystals channels so
we're just gonna put up some it statuses
and things to get people to ask us some
questions or look how to make eg I am
with the background noise look do we get
it
what's it go get it he's like I don't
know what you mean come on yeah there it
is there it is and they go snake as well
didn't you do you love it he's like yes
look at me go where's your other one
so cute
so I am with crystal now and we are on
our way to the supermarket we just gonna
get some snacks you know how much I love
crackers and snakes really high gravity
didn't say yeah but what has a truce was
time holy crap that's three thirty
roundabouts oh my goodness
we filmed three videos so I'm excited I
don't know when they're gonna be out but
as I still let you guys know we've got
our snacks chocolate cheese crackers I
can't wait I know can you imagine
Loie did that once with the chicken
drumstick off a plate just grab there
and this is everything we got just a
small snack you know just like a little
you know light buy it to eat just a
little bit yum I'm so excited we got
hummus sun-dried tomatoes FINA olives
some chutney crackers and debris and
chocolate cuz you know you have to try
with the kids while you here right yeah
exactly
oh it's not focusing on me so it's 5:30
Oh 20 to 6 now crystal and danger sweet
home I think I'm meeting them later for
did now we're gonna go to wedding star
or something like that just casual and
catch up again and then pagan comes
tomorrow so I've just got it Friday's
video and now probably and I've got some
mail here as well I've got three parcels
or open that to it I'm like busting to
pee right now okay that's better
crystal is so nice she is such a
sweetheart she's so genuine and so nice
I'm just so happy that lately I've made
a few really good friends on YouTube
like just real genuine nice lovely
relatable people with so I die I love
making new friends and I feel like you
know she's such a good person so yes
even like that and then I think I see at
the speaking as well with pagan and
Sally we're all gonna catch up I think
maybe like Saturday night or something
so we'll see what happens there Hamish
is away this weekend on a bucks nice
it's fun for him I don't like you didn't
know pagan is the owner of pagan Bree
indeed or peak Marie calm she has a
clothing boutique and we met through her
doing that me doing YouTube layaway they
have wore one of her dresses and like a
video and we just stayed in contact ever
since and she's such a cool girl
literally like one of my very best
friends in life we talk every single day
and she's so or
I'm excited here to come to party have
been to crash trips with her a couple
times but she isn't been in Parma for
like a longer than a day to see me she
only came for like a day trip one time
so I'm so excited
even though there's nothing to jump
higher I have three packages here so
it's open them up quickly don't mind the
hair extensions just chilling out over
there okay so in total the boxes is all
of this stuff and then in the other box
or other bag was this so there was
something rather big in here that was
for Hamish but I'm gonna give it to him
on Christmas so I've just hidden it in
my room and I'm not gonna shown in my
vlog just in case someone decides to
like send him a link to the video and be
all like look she didn't got you a gift
will like something because she never
know it was just in case he watches this
video he doesn't watch every single on
my blog so chances are he wouldn't say
it but just in case he does read like
through my comments and stuff every now
and again okay so I got this Laura
Mercier candle glow luminizing pallets
Laura Monsieur I color palette
got a few patent polish peanut sauce
because I love them I'm so just a few
more shows I don't have if you saw my
vlog they went up today I mean my main
channel video that went out to say it
was a massive massive mech haul I will
link it down below in the comments for
you everyone's loving it so far so I'm
happy about that
I also got some paint pots and a couple
more another paper a blush the
bareMinerals bear skin a concealer
example of a Madeira product and then
last but not least and this is the Stila
equi glare perfecting primer so i'll
open up a few other things we can have a
look properly but first irish most it
wasn't this it came up with a no that
says lame or love and this is really
heavy I've no idea what it is so let's
have a look what it is this I Love New
Zealand
what is this who see this to me there
was no narcs
there's no return address or anything
it's just I Love New Zealand it's
interesting I've you've seen some really
strange stuff sometimes
okay I opened some of this okay so
here's the luminizing palette I'll just
swatch these two big ones I don't think
that's gonna want to focus
is so so pretty though there's such good
like summary ones because they're kind
of like bronzed I also got this flash
it's called burnt pupa it's really nice
deep kind of burnt red kind of shade and
then these are what the paint pots look
like really nice kind of neutrally
colors and then here's the eye shadow
palette and then the stealer primer is
actually green and it feels really
really really like watering and
moisturizing and then there's the
concealer I haven't unboxed those yet so
yeah that's my mail for the day so I
think I'm meeting up with Crystal ending
and like half now so I'm going to
utilize my half and just do some editing
really quickly because otherwise I'm
gonna run out of time ok time to leave
it on my face looks kind of cakey I used
two different powders today which you'll
see when I put up the video of me and
crystal doing eye makeup together so
happy I should wait and see it's a
little bit cakey I don't know if you can
tell on my forehead but Yolo no one
noticed dim lighting it's fine I just
gotta make sure there's nothing that the
dogs can get into her rubbish bin mate
like
which is gonna half that way because
it's busy apparently maybe they don't
have any kitchen stuff one
yeah it's 7/16 so we just said I'm gonna
get a drink and center and stuff oh my
gosh I was just like walking like beside
to talk about far away like towns really
busy for some reason and my legs are
killing me from the job and I'm wearing
heels there's no idea how fancy you are
with your champagne I'm getting a water
because I'm really a bit tricks I think
I'm gonna get some roast vegetables
salad as long as they can do it with
that coriander and part of the memo Club
because someone was bad and bought me a
gift sweetest person ever it's so pretty
though I love the color too
oh it's so nice yeah it's kind of hard
to see in the lighting on the camera but
it's really really pretty I'll show you
better in the sunlight one day I got
nachos this is like salsa and cheese and
beans and then crystal got my fave what
is that cajun chicken and fries and then
would you get a lesser of those are
those potato chips there first thing
Christo and Dana the sweetest people
ever we had such a cool chair and I
think we're heading to wellington soon
so I'm hoping that I'll catch up with
them on Wellington because I think I
said earlier me and pegan want to go
visit Sully so hopefully we'll all get
to catch up and you know go out for
dinner and stuff because I don't I'm I
see them for ages yeah I'm just gonna
here right now well yeah I'm just going
to get home and pretty tight it's
actually called as a 9 which I don't
know how I don't know where my day is
going it's just been super busy wise my
condo channel I was turning the key the
wrong way don't mind me
I can't drive it's like you know time
right now is like I'm being honest like
crap into my vlog I tried to remove my I
just used makeup wipes because I'm so
lazy right now you've got me wrapped
around your finger gonna download some
cranberries
slice your embrace anyways I used mega
watts
apparently my mascara is super super
waterproof I hope you guys enjoy today's
love and make sure that she got crystals
Channel olenka dumpler oh they weren't
my knows that to code my here you feel
my calluses yeah man in the fielding no
no no bye-bye
