hey guys so it is quarter to ten yeah
quarter to ten I went to the gym for
ages today and to be honest I could have
kept going for like another hour or
something like I was so much energy
today I was just doing so well like that
this morning I want to film so I've come
home I'm gonna have my juice for
breakfast Hamish memmio juice this
morning and then I am going to have a
shower and start filming I'm gonna do a
turn one cat Halloween tutorial because
as I see it a few days ago a
surprisingly the most requested look
I've had this year is for like leopard
print makeup so I guess lots of people
want to be lipids sexy lipids for Holi
so I'm gonna be doing that and I don't
know if I'll film it today or another
day I'm gonna do it also just like a cat
look and then do like a toad one it's
like a last minute Halloween ideas video
I am so over sweetie this is cars umm so
yeah that's me plans I've also got a
couple packages here also speaking of
food even I'm having juice I'm just
going to include a little segment that I
filmed the other day which is a little
unboxing of this company called
love with food it's like a snack
subscription service this little portion
is sponsored but I just want to share it
with you because I do actually honestly
cross my heart
I think it is a really cool idea and I
think a lot of you will find it helpful
because I've been getting quite a few
questions about snacks and stuff lately
so I'm just going to add that little
portion in now and I'll see you in a
moment so I was contacted recently by a
company called love with food which is
basically a service that sends you
snacks every single month now I get
contacted by a lot of companies similar
to this but I don't really talk about
them for various reasons but the thing
that caught my eye in the email and I've
got to read it off my phone so I don't
give you false facts every box that
shirt that you pay for love with food
donates a meal to the hungry which i
think is so cool they've donated almost
700,000 meals so far so I was
immediately intrigued even video
everything in these boxes is also quite
healthy so there's nothing in here with
like artificial colors MSG fake flavors
it's not junk food and I get a lot of
questions about like healthier
alternatives
so I haven't even opened two this year I
want to open it with you guys and do
like a little unboxing and taste test so
that's what the box looks like they sent
me through here the tasting box and then
the massive deluxe box the membership
costs $9.99 necks every month I'm just
reading this off my phone because I
don't want to screw it up unfortunately
things are only shipped to us addresses
but I know most of you watching these
videos are in the US so if you're
interested definitely check out the link
in the downbar or put more information
if you are interested in the service so
it's a really cool idea
I like how they give back and also
you're not just getting lots of junky
stuff but hopefully it still tastes good
so let's find out someone else wants
some snacks - apparently not for dogs
okay let's open the Big Mama one first
deluxe one box - Mills
you helped fight hunger in America you
made a difference you get a little
pamphlet okay let's have a look oh my
gosh veggie chips gluten free vegan for
shell men generally stay at my dairy
that's my official flavors apartment
note hydrogenated fats OG trans fats
what else is in here pretzel crisps mini
gluten free apple pineapple apple sauce
on the go all-natural how do we get two
of each or something is some more of the
G chips in here smartypants sample
packet adult complete multi omega-3
vitamin D gummies cool another packet
and their crystals mini Jimmy ba clean
snack bar peanut butter clutter that can
go to Hamish because I hate peanut
butter I know I'm like the minority
all-natural super crackers cheddar and
stuff it sounds YUM we've got some sea
salt caramel apple naturally flavored
what is that is it like granola or
something some fruit snacks oh my gosh
hey steli
loves is she like did a video and she
was eating these in the video we've got
some root 11 potato chips we've got some
more little goodies down here and then
yeah so it looks like there's two of
each in this box
loaded with snacks and then I'll quickly
show you what's in the tasting size
okay so this just looks like the same
kind of stuff in here except one of each
maybe no it looks like there's something
different
cookie fence oh I want to try these
deliciously crunchy chocolate chip
non-gmo net illusion friendly and no
cancer they look so young yeah that's
what's in that box you can see there he
says by the way if you like something in
the box a lot you can go to the website
and purchase it again with Free Shipping
- I'm gonna try these first because they
look amazing they look like really thin
biscuits chicken they look good service
meter these are incredible
no charge I want another look and then
let's try maybe this is super crackers
these look YUM cheetah flavor I really
want to try like everything but that's
probably not a very good idea oh they're
so cute look they're mini sized mmm good
- I've got broccoli
you don't even taste the broccoli in
them they look so yeah I think this
service is really cool honest opinion I
think it's a really cool idea and
hopefully you guys enjoy it as well if
you are interested make sure you check
the down bar there will be a link for
you so yeah I'm gonna finish off these
snacks now so I have it two packages
here don't mind all the stuff everywhere
I still haven't put it away
I am so bad I'm either too busy or I
finally get some time off and all I want
to do is just bum around so I really
need to get around to putting all this
stuff away I am a terrible person
okay so one of them I think this one's
from colour-pop do not know where this
one is from I am so excited I might use
this today because they're really good
like leopard print cat colors this is
these self-made I show palette I saw
someone and doing a tutorial with this
on Instagram yesterday and I didn't even
know it was coming out but it must be
pretty new and another liquid lipstick
and the shade candy apple I'll show you
quickly so there's what all the colors
look like I love that shade there that's
so pretty
I'm gonna use this today we'll see how
it goes Oh what is this oh she's pretty
gel cream gel color color pop oh my gosh
I've seen people talk about these I saw
kathleenlights did a video on them my
life is complete oh my goodness look at
them I hope they're good so there's lots
of colorful ones just there
and then there's a bunch of like
metallics and more like natural shades
here like not natural but you don't
neutral shades oh my goodness I'm so
excited you're excited says tell
everyone how tired you were after your
big walk yesterday you went straight to
sleep eh
so I'm drinking the tea me tea and green
tea as well I like to mixed here to get
that I don't know if that's like a good
idea or a bad idea or what that's what I
always do usually do you like green tea
and peppermint tea mix together I do
like this this is not a sponsored
segment of my vlog this is just me
saying like I really do like it I mean
green juice is extinctions were tainted
can't be bothered straightening them
here's the first look these contacts
keep worked anymore like just as you
blink and stuff but I really like it I
was gonna add with schizoid why don't
you pull whiskey's on I just don't want
to ruin it every time I try to do
something like what's Ches like thin
lines I'm just like yeah my hands go
heavy and then next thing I've got this
big thick square on my face so I thought
I would just leave it like this and let
other people decide if they want to add
whiskers or not so yeah I think I'm
gonna try and film another look No
maybe we'll see how the lighting goes
I'm gonna rinse this off and see cute
though the aftermath of filming two
back-to-back videos look this is my
first time face painting so don't judge
I'm actually pretty proud of it
this is supposed to be like a tibi cat
kind of looks like a tiger kinda looks
like a cat I don't even know I wish I
had is to match because my is don't
match everyone always does like pretty
little cute cat so I wanted to go all
that and I did this I think it was quite
cooler so I just did face painting but I
used makeup but it's like the face
painting technique so lots of different
colors and I just mixed them together
and created my own colors and just use
brush strokes and stuff to create this
look so yeah I'm gonna do a tone line
I'm gonna mix these two looks that I
filmed today into one video so sexy
leopard and then tabby cat cute tabby
cat or tiger so now I am going to wash
this off and I need to go reduce me
editing I've got my nail appointment
today as well so I'm gonna get some
stuff done before then so we don't even
finish
breakfast and it is 1:30 p.m. I think
Hamish sneakily put celery in this
because I can taste celery and I hate it
so much
those were problems huh eh whoa Jeff
says fun tonight it's so funny oh this
is cause every time I'm like it a day
after I film went adora I usually just
peel them off and chuck them on my desk
now I've got like a little collection of
them so she was so cute lucky you
I just put on a layer of their lash
moisturizer I bought the other day and
oh my goodness it's like saving my skin
right now it's so like just thick and
creamy and a little bit oily which I
like because it makes my skin feel good
and saw from scrubbing my face twice in
a row lots and lots of makeup waterproof
makeup at that so I am just going to
quickly pop on some makeup I'm actually
gonna go get my nails done and right now
as you're watching this I've got nuts on
my tail just been snacking on some nuts
as you're watching this crystal quanti
is getting her nails done at my nail
lady's place so I might pop in a little
bit early this moment this bum this bun
is really weird-looking I'm having such
a rush day and I really want to clean
the house before crystal comes because
it's a mace and I'm gonna reclaim my
filming room because we're gonna be
filming she's coming over tomorrow so
much today so I just got moonstone by
BIC out on my cheekbones my lipstick
it's nude pop by Clinique naruse is just
stuff am I wearing lately
nothing interesting now got a rush I've
just been doing some emails as well
while I did my makeup but it is how
possible so a bit of stock can you
really take it out today is being a busy
busy day so here's how my nails are
looking now they don't too bad but they
growing up this is rhykker Broadway and
now I'm in bed I really do not feel well
I don't think I've eaten enough today I
know I just feel really lightheaded and
dizzy and it's like that annoying
feeling like I'm hungry but I also feel
sick and I feel like if I eat I'll just
feel with so it's like I don't know what
to do rather than just fly down that to
read some of your comments when
yesterday's video I'm just gonna relax
alright I'm sorry if this vlog is really
really short
so I was just watching Danny main cities
vlog and she was making food and now I
feel like I'm feeling brave enough to
eat what's the time it's half past seven
oh I forgot to show you guys my nails I
think do I show you I don't think I did
it says what I got done I got them done
it dollar house nails is you saw I just
missed crystal she just like got back
when I got there so that was dumb but
something nails look like they're really
pretty and glittery hold on I'll show
you in the light I'm a little bit grubby
I haven't rinsed my hands yet with all
the excess glitter cuz the glitter was
sort of wine but look how pretty they
like mermaid nails leaders been for
something kind of simple that's dying I
feel kind of sick so these ones didn't
take too long for my nail lattice to do
rather than doing some like intricate
designs simple is good but they still
really really pretty I really like the
color to something different
sir I'm going to have tomato and onion
in some chow chow and I'm trying out the
starey free mozzarella and dairy free
cream cheese I'm just going to do a
little bit of both my masterpiece it
looks so gross but hopefully it tastes
good I'm in my happy place right now
we're gonna watch some Fargo cuz you
guys said it's worth watching and I
think it's on Netflix we're about to
find out very good it'd be the amount of
stuff it has no newsela Netflix I know
we got robbed apparently they're
bringing out here some new stuff over
the next year mm-hmm
Sharper from washed my hair cuz it was
feeling old yuck but we just watched the
Fargo movie I thought we were watching
the TV series for some reason but it was
the movie like the one from a while ago
so I've got like a kid stuck on the
inside my nose oh yeah the movie was
like out of it but I don't think it was
terrible like people were saying like
all the movies kind of bad but the TV
series is really good I think move his
bad it was just like well be it's like
dated but so yeah hopefully we will be
able to watch the Fargo TV series soon
as well my nails look so cool in this
lighting so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I'm sorry I didn't do much
tonight I just really wasn't feeling
that well I'm feeling a little bit
better now from like like I'm getting
relaxing a little bit and then I hit
some food and I feel a little bit better
I hope you guys had a good day and I
will talk to you tomorrow bye
