good morning everyone it is 9:30 and I
am so freaking tired I hit good workout
though so I think today I might film
another Halloween tutorial one of the
ones that I was gonna put in my three
last minute ideas kind of video
compilation thing on do that crate don't
look still that you guys have been
requesting I still when I try and figure
out what exactly I'm gonna do to make it
a little bit different from like other
tutorials that people have done already
I don't know I'll probably just put my
own spin on that but I just want to
think about it for a little bit longer
plus I want to wait until my hair is
clean because they look today I'm gonna
pair up with a wig and I can't be
bothered washing my hair today so it's
good timing so if I break this today
hamish this morning made me a fresh
juice so it'll it's in the fridge I'm
just gonna have that I'm not that hungry
tastes quite charity you have no mail
today which i think is a first in a
while I'm gonna just drink my juice
drink my breakfast and catch up on
emails I think a little head start for
later makes for today's video is ready
to go I'm pretty sure I already set it
up to go so it should be okay hey cutie
what are you doing up here
hi say hello everyone hey yo so I am
just going to cruise through my hair
I've decided I'm not gonna wear a wig
for this makeup look I'm doing now
you'll see in a matter of seconds what
makeup look I'm doing because I'll show
you once I'm finished
yeah I'm just going to do my hair down
maybe put in some soot it's evident some
extinctions and I'm gonna get started
hopefully it turns out how I'm imagining
I don't really know what I'm doing it's
kind of like one of those things I'm
just going to make up if I go yeah it's
in talk to you in a moment basically
like one second per mouth but I don't
know what happened I just started
playing with my mic happening this
happened I really love the eyes I hope
you can see well known to do some like
special of a kind of makeup for people
that don't like cool this it's a little
bit just it's just colorful and kind of
fun and I thought if you were dressed up
it's like a clown nose let me even hit
like a clown nose it would be really
different
you could just wear something like super
colorful it's just like one of those
last-minute all the way make up ideas I
like you've dressed up and it's not
necessarily like dressing up as anything
but it's still dressing up and it's
still cool
it's just different I feel I don't know
I'm going to wash this off so I thought
I'd show you I'm gonna get this off you
and I don't know how I'm gonna get this
off but we'll give me garlic I'm gonna
use this gonna like mentally prepare
myself okay I'm just gonna do this up
fast the case visit is literally like
the smallest amount of latex sir this is
fine mmm yummy like a paranoid that this
makeup didn't save like only come on say
my worst fear after seeing so much time
filming video that I didn't click record
or something
I need a face cloths I might even try to
salvage through some eye makeup it's
probably not gonna happen but give it
good
a little bit some latex stuck in my hair
I was gonna do on the rainbow all the
way down my chance to make it look
really realistic is what I'm not
realistic but you know I mean but I
don't wanna spend all afternoon soak in
the bath like last time cuz it was so
hard to get all day my teeth
is anyone ever done Simpsons like
Halloween tutorials that would be
hilarious this one I dressed up as The
Simpsons
I'm a little bit richer to the rubbing
of the face cloth on my skin I'm just
going to cover it up with wait a minute
foundation because I think I am going
out for lunch today because I need to
look presentable well I don't need to
but I would like to house I really like
to I have a question of the day for you
guys for the comments because I'm doing
a video well I'm kind of planning a
video I don't know if I'm gonna do it
but I want to know why do you wear
makeup there's no right or wrong answer
I just wanna know why do you wear makeup
down in the comments leave your response
much better just to go into town in
public this probably won't scare people
too much
super quickly here's my outfit this
jacket is from cotton embody this top
was from sterling sports that's one of
those ones they sent me the other day
the little t-shirt these jeans I cannot
remember where they're from wear cotton
on and then these shoes Nike just super
casual oh I'm wearing all-black again
what is happening going to a curb after
lunch describe that they only had like a
couple things on the menu that didn't
have meat and then everything else was
like based around me so I've just
decided to go somewhere to first I don't
feel like eggs my suppose just like egg
cakes I had yesterday we're really
really really gross they went really
really gross I don't know I'm just gone
off them I don't know I guess just
I don't know now we've come to the
Esplanade kept a useful nod hopefully
they have something here that looks good
on the menu
I'm getting a lettuce and tomatoes on
which is my lunch
there is in the Sun some money why you
bite me why you biting me
Chiqui my you excited hey I've got a
couple packages here so open them hey I
bought a new waist trainer because this
one's a little bit shorter because I've
got such a short torso I got it off the
same place that I've done photos they
see me the last ones but I bought this
one myself because I really liked them
miss winzip sup - excuse me and then we
got something that says go super food on
the front what's in here Louie alright
first super food look at all that fluff
everywhere from your rooster poor
rooster okay so this is white chia seeds
got some coconut water powder huh never
heard of this before
excuse me I'm busy we have some beetroot
powder
interesting and also timing coming
powder my new tutorial is up if you
wanted to see how to do it it's up on my
main channel machining sir so this look
here was supposed to be one of my one of
the really like was it the last-minute
makeup ideas for Halloween because like
it's just like a costume in itself you
don't have to even peer to peer it up
with anything you know what I mean like
it's a good last minute like if you
don't know what else to do kind of look
but it is eight minutes long
just for this so I think I'm gonna have
to upload this separately I don't even
know if I'm gonna end up doing the three
in one video maybe I'll just upload them
or separately I don't know because yeah
I was hoping for this to only be about
four or five minutes max but I can't cut
it down anymore so I don't know we'll
see what happens okay I hate that your
facebook sound about after that it's
done and taking this light pale
eyeshadow and putting that on my on my
eyelid and also on my brow bone and then
I am taking a deeper kind of warm tone
color and this is going to go in the
crease with a blender brush and then I
am taking a after that it's done I'm
taking this a light pale eyeshadow and
putting it on my eyelid and also on my
brow bone and
I should we go for a walk should we go
for a walk he's so small it's wrong
camera low he looks so much bigger than
he is in real life
every time like what I might get my Z's
let's go he tries to beat bluey but he
just can't because he's got such a short
little stumpy legs look I hope he is as
I look at me where have your legs gone
we got in so deep just before doing so I
got home like half an hour ago and it's
already 8 o'clock it's my entire night
gonna just been doing some more emails
and web stuff my Halloween stitched
mouth look it's going so good
so if you haven't looked at it yet feel
free to check it out on my main channel
and everyone is like dying over my
rainbow face look on Instagram I'm so
happy everyone likes it it will are
asking weird to get the toothbrushes for
your dogs the little finger ones just
from animates and if you don't want to
buy them you can just buy like infant
toothbrushes from the supermarket like
the little soft ones for little babies
and stuff they work well as well head Oh
potato said come to my house my day cook
scary every night I usually wish someone
could give me carry every night someone
asks when are we doing some more until
dawn me and Hamish we will be doing it
probably hopefully next month I don't
know how much time we'll get cuz I've
got a lot on next month but definitely
over the next couple months we're gonna
aim to do some more of those on his
channel so
keep an eye out for there someone asked
what the brow growing stuff I'm using is
and it's called revita brow and you can
buy it off XO beauty shop comm which is
my website it does work like heaps of
people have actually been like
commenting on how much full of my brows
look and I was like thank God it's not
just me because you know sometimes when
you are using a product yourself you
kind of like talk yourself into seeing
results sometimes you know who I mean
because you just really really badly
want to see the results that other
people have been saying it to they're
just like so much fuller and like
thicker I'm really start it does work
it's just as good as like revitalash
revitalash is like my baby
I wouldn't go to anything else someone
said I was wondering if you could talk
about how you stay motivated especially
running things from home and managing a
business it's really easy to fall into
the trap of doing nothing just wondering
what your thoughts are I'm a bit of a
workaholic and I guess that's where most
of it comes from like it's actually not
a good habit if I have an afternoon
offer a day off I feel lazy and I feel
down keeping busy keeps my brain from
overthinking and it keeps me from
getting upset and sad so the busier I am
like it's a fine balance between being
happy and stressed sometimes I'm just
like to stress and other times I just
feel happy because I'm like so busy I
don't know but I always just think you
know if I slack off it's my own fault
and it's only gonna hurt myself in my
business EXO BTS massively important to
me and I actually have a lot of help
like I've got stuff with an extra Beauty
and my mum also helps me do things as
well is my staff obviously it's like it
is super important that's like where I'd
like to have my future you know what I
don't want to be doing you to be more
like that we're developing lots of new
stuff and I got like super exciting
package from EXO Beauty say which I'll
show you at some stage but not just yet
but holy I'm so excited
so this heaps like there's like three or
four different things happening there
but it's just nice to see all of this
hard work I've been doing over the last
couple months like paying off as well
like the package I got today and also
like designing the leash boxes and stuff
again that's all on the go so that's
exciting too and then with Shannon so I
like I give myself like you know I say I
upload Monday Wednesday Friday so I
stick to that because if I don't hit
those deadlines I guess like I feel
guilty and I don't like feeling guilty
because I tell you guys
upload and so like I make sure I do
honestly like I don't think the way I
think is necessarily help healthy I
think it's important to give yourself
time off as well and it's something I
need to work on doing a little bit more
I know hits before he's coming oh my
videos they're like Oh get over yourself
like your jobs not hard and you've got
so much time off and you can do this
that and everything else whenever you
feel like it and blah blah blah like
don't extend that's definitely true but
I don't allow that for myself you've got
to remember you see like 8 to 15 minutes
of my day you're not seeing the entire
day I don't show you everything I'm
doing I don't show you every single you
know every point of my day I really
really need a wake-up call I'm just
chilling out a little bit more it's like
even when I'm eating my lunch most this
time like a work sometimes I'll watch a
YouTube video but most the time I'll
still do some work or it is saying or
like you know I just need to learn to
chill out a little bit at the end of the
day it all comes back into my career the
harder I work the better I grow the
bitter I improve and I like seeing that
progress and it's just motivating to me
you know I don't know if it even helped
anyone out there if anyone what I'm
serious if you no one has any tips to
chill out like I've been thinking about
studying meditation and things but I
don't even know where to begin
but I really need to just like free my
brain a little bit because I've just got
too much happening especially one day
when I have children like I don't want
to be still being a workaholic like I am
now it's like you know I want to
actually be there I don't want to just
be working all the time you know I don't
want to feel guilty if I'm not working
it came out a popular place to shop in
New Zealand and the US they used to be
but now they were closing done came out
in New Zealand is probably like your
target I guess like it's really cool
cheap stuff amazing stuff cheap
underwear does make up they're like home
decor for super cheap you know it's just
got everything it used to be really
scummy like it used to be really good
back in the day and then it got really
scummy and no one went there and now
it's really really good again Louie's
all tuckered out from his bulb today
Hayley I'm a watching Parks and
Recreation I think we're up to the
second season on it's definitely already
better it's like pretty good hey guys I
am just saying good night
because I'm so tired
it's 948 I'm gonna go sleep in a minute
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I'll talk to you tomorrow probably
