good morning it's like 10:00 a.m. so I
probably slipped in today the istick
10:00 a.m. 10:00 p.m. to him I don't
really know what I'm doing today hmm
with this one what do you got
what is it easy sure me I just hit a
shallow washed my face first my head got
dreams don't wearing the weirdest outfit
but I'm just gonna go for a drive or
something and have a look around I don't
know we're just wasting some time just
feel like having a really lazy lazy day
today it's just like gloomy and raining
outside and miserable and it's just like
one of those days that she's perfect for
like huddling up watching movies and
like just doing nothing it's the best
feeling I sound really wait right now
I'm just tired cuz I sleep for way too
long
it's an end up playing goosebumps last
night either so I really want to try
playing it today hopefully maybe maybe
it's not I think it's like a
hidden-object game maybe I can't me boy
Hamish did something like that describe
you with our
of course it never looks as bad and the
camera as it does in real life we've
decided we're gonna go to the coffee
club and get some breakfast I don't know
what I feel like but I just feel like
breakfast food so yeah even though it's
like twelve parts living now it's almost
lunchtime
I got like a mess of breakfast eggs
benedict for lots of it ricotta and hash
brown Emma's got big breakfast hello I'm
so pleased inside inside
hello look at you you're so pretty so
it's now 140 ma my mom we're just going
for a drive to you there and we've got
me looking at some shops and stuff just
to see this daughter's name so I thought
I would come for a loop drive with it's
our lucky stove I love how this morning
I was like us such a good day just to
curl up in bed with movies but it's
always happening maybe tonight I've done
like nothing day and it feels good I'm
gonna go look at freedom
can I just buy another house and then
decorate again because I love furniture
shopping me and my mer and came out
again this is the second owner oh we're
getting cheap household stuff because
you can never have too many sponges is
everything in this place I swear
different colors you know that's true
you want $24 so she ate 55 I've just
been working all afternoon
it says well and I also did a little
mini time-lapse kind of video of my dark
fury luck which I'm gonna put on
Instagram and Facebook last time I did
one was for my
what was it for I think was my cloud
look and it got so many views on
Facebook and heaps of people were like
loving it and taking different so I'm
gonna try and do it more regularly it
just there's like a teaser for my video
it was like just a really fast speed up
line and I think they're really fun to
watch I'll show you it so it's just like
literally super fast I've just chopped
it up and intercept at all - like the
most important points and it's just like
super quick I think it's so fun let me
know what you think of those you think
it's a cool way to help get my artistry
out there a little bit more I don't know
and I don't know I might just chill out
there's the day because I've just been
like hanging with my mom all day well
hang out with Hamish this morning with
my mum this afternoon so I might just
have some me time watch some YouTube or
something like that in a minute it's a
good feeling getting all my work done
I might make a mini of my four eyes one
in many of my stapled face one in some
stage two before Halloween I'm also
feeling very inspired start filming next
week some of those last Halloween
tutorials I really want to start working
on those last-minute Halloween ideas got
some really cute ideas because a lot of
my makeup looks at being quite for long
so I'm going to do a few like subtle
cute Halloween ideas for those of you
who just like to look cute and girly and
dressed up sorry I blow too much today
I've just been I don't know doing stuff
today so uploading at the moment I also
hit us gone and it was kind of gross so
there was a fail by the way guys this
came yesterday and I forgot so I'm gonna
show you what's inside guess where it's
from so I got this pair of shorts they
feel really really nice - nice and soft
a read bikini I also got this crop top I
really like the pattern I got a backpack
to take with me to Tahiti I got sorry
about the fluffy where they've been
destroying the toys I got this boohoo
dress which I just thought was really
really pretty I thought it might be okay
to wear to a wedding I have Lou this
year but I don't know I have to see what
it looks like on first I thought it was
really pretty and it's quite classy once
you see it on as well like it's quite
long and pretty
I got a nude bra I got this t-shirt that
says me on the front and this is the
last thing I got which I actually don't
know what this is
it's a vest it's just like a long
sleepless based what are we gonna play
Hamish you're the one you want attack
goosebumps thank you sir
there it is are you done LOI someone has
pushed himself under my armpit do you
want there right oh that sucks why are
you angry at Mei haven't done anything
do you want some cuddles why are you
angry at me
hmm why are you angry at me okay there's
enough kisses there's enough it's enough
this is actually meant to be scary
I shouldn't find out by one of those
points of play whines oh yeah I like
them does it hit an object I hope it's
got ice by sections they're my favourite
I'm having massaman curry for dinner I'm
on like a mess of curry cake at a moment
if you haven't noticed I'm so excited
because you're pretty smelly yes
good boy good boy Louie you dick bitch
he was angry of me he's like how dare
you I can't see if this is focused cuz I
have no context that I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog I'm sorry it wasn't
very eventful super super lazy Sunday
you guys know how it is
I hope you guys had a good day I'll talk
to you guys tomorrow maybe hopefully I
