hey everyone so is Saturday morning and
I'm well I guess I am naked myself you
know how it is after yep of shallow
you're just like I'm just gonna chill in
my towel for like five hours so I'm just
putting on some makeup now and the main
name is you're gonna hit into town for a
little bit and then this afternoon my
little cousin is coming over which is
not a little which is that high school
so she's coming up and I'm doing her
makeup for her prom slash ball slash I
don't know what it is but whatever fear
that's my plans for the day time to put
on some makeup so here's my makeup of
the day it's basically the same stuff is
yesterday but I didn't put on the
lighter color it didn't put on the lip
gloss and then for my blush I'm using
wild honey I bicker super pretty so
using the Sun lipid like my foundation
is Charlotte Tilbury but everything else
is the same not flesh so here's my
outfit I'm wearing my little khaki
jacket from misguided this top here is
from dish D is SH combed are you I think
our assets to HS I don't know google it
this necklace I think is from the visa I
remember I told you the other day then
it the skirt was from it lessons a while
ago and then my pasty white legs because
I've got no fake tan on them and then
I'm probation gonna wear like black
boots I face this a little bit too dark
but Shh
don't tell anyone morning guys how's it
going same you know what probably
missing me shin not really coming show
or something I think Fargo is the show
as an act
anyone seen it can you let us know if
it's good apparently it's like murderous
stuff in it because these jackets have
like why don't check it sorry jerseys
look at that and I think that's at it
starts coming out the hilarious you can
actually grab it
anyway the tag this is Shannon's one
white what size is that we've another
one for the neon it's all neon I think
like I think it's being shown on neon
its advertising photo season two so if
you've seen the first season can you let
us know what it's like so I've never
actually heard of it to be honest and at
first when I looked at this
know how I thought this but I thought
those mean to me like like I'm care for
something you know you've got a table
the air and you've got like a excuse me
I don't know I thought it was something
like a kitty but it's not it's a knife
going through you isn't it
yeah this is my I tried on should we do
a cute couples that they met okay hold
on well this is a very good like
marketing thing this is like missing the
Christmas and I'm gonna die should we
wear them to town imagine that looks but
yet totally in a wool breakfast just
having a subway for breakfast this is
ridiculous I made a mistake
gosh my view is what are your names
nice to meet you guys hey guys so we
just made shopping should be what I got
later and we also got the dogs one more
toy because I could not help myself it's
a little pig so it's like the chicken
but it's a pig and now off to get some
dog shampoo he gave the dogs a bath this
morning and ran out of dog shampoo so
we're gonna go get some toxin poo and
then I don't know probably get some
snacks and he stopped to my cousin
tickle
today since it's like it's afternoon all
over the show I just met like a bunch of
you guys like how many people maybe like
12 people so yeah there are lots of
people that came up and said hi so thank
you for being hired a few people got
photos of me and stuff so they were
really sweet and yeah we just had a look
around so we hadn't gone into like the
actual clothes shops and time in a while
so we just wanted to see what was it
around and I really really really want
bubble tea
yeah good thank you
like I don't know what to do we got lots
of groceries and stuff and I got these
two things from lush I didn't get the
one you wanted though and I got Sun
drink moisturizer let me know if you
guys have tried either of these and what
they were like and then I also got what
does that even say aqua marina that I
finally cleaned my room it's about time
someone orders a little pick I need to
vacuum quickly before they do not they
come in about half an hour you know just
got a candle burning as well look how
cute I am cheese and crackers and dip
and chips and pods what are you doing
this is my cousin Holly so I'm about to
wake up
this is her little before yeah I just
saw blue I just didn't get those jeans
you guys show me your face you look so
pretty and then look down nice gold and
that's just wavy here in little braids
up top looks so good do you like it no
so dress over this super Brede
so it's Suunto 3 p.m. and i just
finished editing yesterday's vlog and
Holly went home I went out to her events
piece of hers really annoying she went
to her event about an hour ago so she's
been working since then and I'm just
about to hop off the computer now and go
I think Hamish and I are going to make
is he's gonna do that make a bit I'll
build a bit of a thing anyway oh sorry
nice to see my auntie and my cousin and
she was so cute like when she's cuz I
didn't give her the whole time like I
just gave it to it ring out again but
when she's told the finished look and
who finished here she like had the
biggest smile on her face it was the
sweetest thing but she really loved it
I thought it was a nice look you know
like she
stole it like herself and she still
looked her age she didn't look you know
older I just want to make her look
twinny you know she's only like how old
is she 14 or something button also bid
she's in like her first year of high
school so you know I think it was really
pretty and she looked gorgeous so I'm in
a really good mood today I'm really
happy and I've had a really good day and
I've meet you guys and I don't know I'm
just like a high right now great feeling
just reading some tweets and stuff at
the moment but right mecca's dinner time
I made a video poker I just been sitting
here reading your comments from Isis
while I went up a little while ago I
like half an hour ago now I'm gonna go
to climbing beard well I'm not even
filming my face I look really oily like
am i or is that my highlighter I don't
even know I know I feel like I'm flogged
much today I'm so sorry like I just I
don't know just being busy she's been
keeping busy and just doing things oh my
gosh look at this video though
have you got just been walking around
the house squeaking it all night what is
it do you love it do you love it yeah
look someone's brought in some more
sticks that can be new though never who
loves it is annoying as they are they
make my dogs so happy that I can't
resist that I just know tomorrow morning
I'm gonna be woken up by this like how
rude you are the cutest thing look at
that little face my little bug I love
you I'll show you guys quickly what I
got from town today so I just got some
stuff from wild pier and lessons and
they're lush stuff I already showed you
so I was trying to find some more black
clothes because I really want more black
clothes I got this good witch knots at
the front I've got the gray version I
love it to death so I got another knee
in this dress which is just like a
t-shirt dress with the like stitching
stuff on the front tie up stuff and then
this is just like a sheer t-shirt which
I just really liked just for casual so
that's what I got from wild pier all of
that sand stock at the moment and they
in it from girl icing it's got two
things I got this like frilly dress not
just a skirt it's kind of like
high-waisted I don't know how it's gonna
look on me I didn't try it on but we'll
give it a go now I just got this little
crop top never a friend that works at
lessons and she's like yeah you need it
if it looks so cute on you but I'm kind
of like and it's so short at the front I
don't know but it is really cute
hopefully I can like a layer it with
something maybe hey what have you got
Lily we got okay so my random is focused
I don't have my contacts in legs are
really sore good for you I haven't taken
makeup yet but anyway someone wanted to
hear me talk about freelancing and if I
would ever do it is like another
business venture thing and no I think
I've talked about this in the past but I
don't know I like for me personally like
I like makeup on myself like I have fun
doing makeup on myself but I don't
really have that much enjoyment on doing
it on other people I don't know if they
make seems like whenever I do makeup on
other people I just don't find it as fun
like half the reason I like doing makeup
on myself is like I like to experiment
and it's a relaxing perseus and I don't
know I like it's kind of like I do it
for me and like I like doing on some
people sometimes but only if I like know
them well like you know if they family
will like really close friends of mine
if it's anyone else I kind of I don't
know I just don't really dig it that
much
and to be quite fair like I just
wouldn't know I have the time to do
freelance XO beauty and shame XO stuff
keeps me so busy so yeah so I always
always always always get emails like
every single day multiple emails about
getting quotes for like weddings and
stuff like that but yeah I don't do
freelance makeup I don't do any of that
kind of thing I don't have a kit I don't
yeah just don't do it I think people
that can do makeup really really well on
other people are super inspiring because
like you know you've got to know a lot
about makeup to be able to make makeup
look good on everyone because it's one
thing like doing makeup on yourself
where you know your own features and you
know what works but then doing makeup on
someone else's face like a different
face shape different bone structure
different eye shapes and stuff like that
and making it look really amazing like
it's really awesome like good tell it I
think I'm too hot on myself as well like
I'll do my mate I mean I'll do someone
else's makeup I'm like ah what if they
don't like it oh my gosh and I like
overthink it and then I'm like oh my god
they probably hate it and I like just
why you ever think it would in reality
like usually I'm sure they like it but
you know what I mean
I don't know I just like doing makeup on
myself it's my fun time and I really
really like just playing around and I
like testing up brands and different
products and stuff so yeah anyway I'm
probably gonna just relax now and go to
sleep in a bit what's the time Hamish
team 57 kind of like I hope you guys
enjoyed today's luck and I'll talk to
you tomorrow probably bye
