everyone so just got back from the gym
start every vlog that way I feel like
I'm I got a couple packages and one of
them is food so I'm going to open that
first this morning and then I'm going to
make smoothies for breakfast so yeah
that's my plan so far and I think I need
to clean my beauty room today as well
because I'm doing my little cousins like
prom ball makeup tomorrow and I've got
like no clean brushes so I'm going to
clean up my filming room and get it all
ready for tomorrow and yeah might do
some more testing this afternoon I'm not
going to film today again so this I got
it um what's it called like a PRT male
yesterday and it was just like oh if you
want to try it let us know so I emailed
them back and asked if I could get a
sample because I thought it would be
really cool to try out on my mum because
she has like slight puffiness and fine
lines like very slight she looks so
young still I reckon but I thought it
might be a cool idea for like a does it
work kind of video but apparently like
Victoria Beckham and stuff use this so
yeah I thought it was a cool idea and
it's worth a go right so eventually
we'll try this out and any other stuff I
got some things off the cruelty-free
shop which is a shop I buy stuff off
quite a lot well I've never actually
shown you guys this I've been bought off
here in a few months but I used to buy
off your a lot I'm gonna keep piggy show
everyone your toy who's there hi is it
toy
hey Bubba hey I'll give you time I'll
get it I'll get it
okay so I got some minimum fettuccine to
try I got some stir-fry sauce which is
like a vegetarian version of oyster
sauce and fish sauce and all of that
kind of thing
so I thought I'd give that a go because
to be good to not have to use any fish
sauce or anything like that my cooking
some soy effort coffee and hot drippy
staff got some fake beef stock powder
I got Cermak green curry paste I got
some cheese sauce mix I got some dairy
free white chocolate to give a go and I
also got my fav Hannah chocolate which
is so so good and I'm trying some egg
free mayo as well just take a bit of go
yeah ouch come out sit sit thank you
good boil away so lucky
here's good the ELA juice makes it taste
so sweet
does my French doing I got another
package let's see what's inside hi
Shannon my colleague Emilia tells me you
love all things beauty so I thought you
might want to see a new limited edition
manicure pieces which we think are
perfect for summer look how cute the
same oh my gosh I love this bag
how cute look it's a mirror some mini
tweezers and now polish from remover pad
thank you guys so much so I just had a
shower and wash my hair and I blow dried
it a little bit it's still a little bit
wet I'm just glad air dry for the rest
of the time it takes to dry it is a
livin and I'm actually just going to go
hop into town and do a couple things
I've got to do I need to go order in
some money for Tahiti so I'm just going
to leave my camera at home and I'll talk
to you guys in a bit and having juice
Hamish made this for me this morning I'm
so excited it's lunch time so this is
just oh that's really good it's really
Eppley mm-hmm so yeah this afternoon
I am just going to clean out my beauty
room a bit I'm just doing another chill
day I don't know I've just been feeling
really strange lately I'm still going to
do some editing later this afternoon but
yeah I think me and Hamish talked about
going to the movies and stuff later on
today maybe we'll see what happens and I
also just got back from running those
errands which obviously and I went to my
PX and there's a few more letters and
stuff so I'll show you what's in them in
a moment - so excited can we talk to
them I wonder if the person that
received me this big cardboard thing has
a dog because these two finding it very
fascinating aren't you get off it so
I've got
do you mind I've got four different
things here you're wondering what may
pay a bit box address that's it just
there so I think a couple of them are
from New Zealand and a couple of them
are from Australia so let's open them up
and have a look inside mom's youtuber
more excited than me almost Lily loves
the smell of these lovely what are you
doing ah you do not bite there nope
it's so cheeky what are you doing okay
so this letter here is from Antonia and
she left me a really really lovely
personal message thank you so much feel
later and then she also said she's
included a couple of homemade organic
lip balms to try excuse me I'm busy so
thank you so much for the gift in the
litter and I will say hello to Hamish
and Lewis says hello I also got a really
nice card from a Kate did I want to let
you know how much your videos mean to me
you're funny and inspiring and totally
authentic and I love that about you
you're not afraid of being honest and
that gives me hope you deserve all of
the wonderful things you've received and
all that will come to you in your future
thank you so much that's so sweet thank
you for the card
I'm loving the stamps and the stickers
on this one look how sweet this is I
love it thank you so much for your
letter Jess and she said she's put three
chokers chokers chokers chokers and
necklaces in this little bag in which
I'll show you in a moment she said I
have five truckers on my website but I
have yet to put up the total one in the
hand someone so you're the first to wear
them thank you so much for making videos
and inspiring so many people I look
forward to your videos to come love you
Shannon thank you so much so this is her
business card radical spirit jewelry
dub-dub-dub
radical spirit big cartel calm hopefully
you can read that there if you were
interested and she sent me this really
pretty trophies hi nipple one in a
turtle and handsome so cute thank you so
much I love them and this last package
is huge
that was fun trying to fit that in the
Porsche I literally almost couldn't fit
it in and said I hope you love it
I'm sure I will this was
I'm so excited to see how cool is this
warning glitter everywhere look at this
that is amazing and there is glitter
everywhere I love it - Shannon from a
very loyal subscriber Cheyenne I'm sorry
if I pronounced it wrong I hope you love
it I really do it's so cool
my mum is gonna die when she sees this
it's so amazing thank you so much so
this is the mess I have right now
just a little mess hopefully I can get
most of it tidied up by tonight well
this afternoon so I can do some filming
so it's currently one o'clock
almost it's gonna subway and I'm sitting
in a little gazebo with the pot with the
dogs is this I've hit the most all over
the place day ever I feel like I haven't
blogged too much I'm sorry just been
doing like random stuff all day so yeah
I just went for what with the dogs with
so I wonder so I'm sorry if that was
like definitely definitely loud now I'm
just going to edit your stage well
that's 3:30 p.m. and then I'm going to
clean up a little more of my room I'm
kind of getting close so I'll show you
that soon yeah just need to get used to
flog it is it I mean how am I going to
graph it in this night and we are going
to go to a movie man it is so handy
outside Louie was getting scared I had
to take him back home because it was a
little bit frightened for a little ways
okay that vlog took me way longer than I
thought it would data it's now five
o'clock is anyone else annoyed at the
new Facebook's and it's like then but it
still goes dude cool sound effects
Shannon so I don't know how much more
time I'm gonna have to clean up my
beauty where I might stiff stroller
Whitmore tomorrow I'll show you how I'm
here I'll show you how much we got done
is you can learn so excited for dinner
we've decided we either want pasta pizza
or Indian food I don't know which one we
want yes so soft after I washed it today
it's like too soft where it's just like
floppy and yuck my new video went up I'm
so happy with it yesterday someone asked
if I could do a Maleficent tutorial you
could even wear makeup like this except
just carve out the cheekbones heart out
you know like do some real harsh lines
that would look quite cool as a
Maleficent look like a little bit
different from the original but still in
theme I think it would look really cool
and effective um hold on let me play a
little bit I really love how it turned
out it looks so cool I'm so happy a
majority of people are loving it yay so
these are the brushes I washed so far I
washed the most soap I used the soap it
is the pro hygiene makeup revolution
antibacterial brush shampoo so I did get
quite a lot of them done but there's
still a lot more as you will see so I
picked up most of the rubbish in stock
so I just got a little bit of stuff in
here to put away and they have cut all
of those brushes I still need to clean
met some Halloween stuff I've got to put
away somewhere
all the makeups being put away though
and then I also put some of my compacts
and stuff my really pretty ones up here
I've got all my two-faced bronzes and
some different brands here as well
because I thought they looked really
pretty up there still got lots of room
in this which I might put new products
in like when I get stuff in the mail I
might put in there so I remember to use
it and videos and stuff that's play used
to do when I lived in Auckland but we're
getting there guys we're slowly but
surely getting there I just needed some
fresh air this afternoon I felt a little
bit creepy and I just felt a little bit
I don't know tired and down so fresh air
usually picks me up a little bit so I've
moved all of the dirty brushes into the
bathroom so I can clean them later I
still need to wipe down the spins but I
have decided I am going to put on some
makeup because they don't a me out a
little bit made me feel a little bit
more like myself because I don't really
feel like myself right now I feel tired
and dull
member
so here's my makeup on my lips is own a
trial by buxom like the little nude lip
pencil there and then candy kiss by drug
cosmetics lip gloss then there is pretty
much spoke for itself hopefully in the
little spit-up section get your pausing
skills on guys try it out this - don't
know if I like it or not the Oasis BB
cream no it was just quite thick to work
with and a little bit hard to blend but
use the Smashbox stick contour things
use the Clinique chubby stick to
highlight use pink lipid by Too Faced to
highlight and then I used their
light/medium bronzer Loreal brow plumper
Maybelline chaotic leche and covergirl
lash bloom mascara so I'm wearing it top
i bought all dish it's like a
long-sleeved wearing all black which is
very unlike me apparently it was caramel
by Oh Louie doesn't even care
a mesh where are we going for dinner
don't know yet usually you actually
might not you're taking it anyone it's a
quote um I think it's India and damaged
or something artist
I thought we were going to arranged
marriage Oh Johnny we can take she
called that though you guys think we're
joking no we're not yeah well I wasn't
it was like arranged marriage you like
wait what
show them the library looks cold but 10
around from a true tier one camera Wow
oh come to pomazan orphan see the
library to read the di Co Ltd quality it
says on the side whatever anyway what
movie are we sing um crimson peak which
means to be really good crimson peak
I've heard of that yeah that's a it's a
horror movie made by there and what the
guys name is del someone that's our plan
wait are we getting it Indian food John
ago gift nice no one on that I I climb
that's item list quickly see this thing
in the middle of the square back room in
my younger days when I hit unique I
climb there why has I got rust all over
my clothes look at it it's rusty years
why did I climber why do you think we're
drag
I have had a few intoxicated uber anyway
we're getting into your food and sing a
horror movie and it is our ninth time
you know what we'll miss the part we
want me to turn off because I was
talking so because of your bloomin
followers you're gonna have to wait
another minute
should we go there try it we're just
there now let's try the other one it was
busier this looks more nah guys it
happens as Elsa main that's you can take
that what's this one called
yes chicken tikka yeah you can eat yeah
I'm not gonna finish this paneer butter
masala hamish got tikka is it chicken
tikka wait what is it Calma Calma Calma
you can put it through me often I know I
got it wrong and then we got rice and
garlic naan look how much nantan there's
a lot I am so full but I'm still going
to get snacks later for the movies so
yeah he's like oh I feel that book
should we just not get a snack so I was
like what did you say you're like oh
I'll see her yeah I'll see how I feel in
a bit is that you want snacks or so yeah
I do
it's like I'm not a big snack eat over
so just we go to the movies I'm like
Hamish can we get popcorn
Hamish kill get Maltesers Hamish Hamish
it learning cost about $500 for economic
I remember one time we bought some pods
and I forgot my handbag and so we had to
like smuggled in it the pods in to the
movie theater because you know you're
not supposed to like bring food from
outside you catch that on camera okay
thug life so what we did it's like like
this like like you know he's like a buzz
in the silliman you're gonna blank away
yeah we're just like Givaudan yeah but
um so I forgot my handmade outside how
am I gonna sneak these in because
they're like in a big packet and so I
was wearing a hoodie is very much like
stash them in my hoodie
we're just casually like straw drew well
I had it I think it's over and we were
like poker face but like I strut it in
real quick we did it two seconds while
they were open your ticket July yeah
yeah I don't even think that do you
think that's really another one of us
there yet so how was dinner Hamish yes
right pretty full done I think their
place we went last week was slightly
better if you guys are wondering
it's just our video what was it Indians
and it's cool that I did yeah I think
Indian tonight was a little bit bitter
then we might try bits nice one was
still really really good as well
so whatever and now we're just going for
a little Drive quickly because we've got
a long time until our next movie you
want me to go to Kenya ables know get
some spectrum countdown
I used to work here in the delicatessen
few years ago is what it's called a
delicatessen awesome fun fun fact my mum
used to also work in a cat Dan
delicatessen what should we get hey nerd
 marshmallow coconut crows
marshmallows the were catering to
everyone is saying I like pods I don't
know where they are others the pods
damnit snap does a bodybag snifters I've
got these supposed to snap those ladies
if you in melanin
yeah mint are they good have you never
had a snap I'm usually too young course
you see look you said you hated men I do
but with snuff does they're not yeah I'm
gonna get these where's your snacks
cheese's they like oversized snifters
they spoiling me
Hamish put bet that's enough does I
think they must soon gonna share these
with me yeah I'll probably share them
with you
okay my gosh it leaks look at this dog
I'm in love boy no no no don't don't
hello oh we just got out of the movie
what was according crimson peak yep
crown crimson beat whatever it was
really good it wasn't really like like I
mean no scary bits but I wouldn't call
it a horror movie it was really really
like a while at did there was a good
storyline do a good twist it wasn't just
like you typical like scary horror movie
I sense more of like a mystery thriller
and it was very very visual in certain
pots as well it was really good I really
liked it would you recommend it
yes Jason was pretty good yes yeah not
like my favorite movie in the whole
world but it was definitely worth like
it was worth watching the time I was
sitting was real good yeah back in the
day yes and I was like sitting through a
mysterious old one yeah it was really
good you should watch it
so hey Mitch and I just going home now
gonna wash off this face and go to bed
so I'm just getting in my blog here I
hope you guys enjoyed it and I will talk
to you guys tomorrow
