every one so I just got back from the
gym about 20 minutes ago and I workout
sucked I felt like like I still went out
for an hour but it was just one of those
days where I felt sick and dizzy and I
just didn't push myself very hard so I'm
just like and then this morning I'm just
being spelling everywhere and just
like messing everything up and it's just
one of those days where nothing is going
right you know some breakfast I have a
juice here and I'm also just gonna make
some muffins lids which ideally if it
ate because they're not really good for
you but they're so young and I just feel
a so I'm having them for comfort
food
these were my life when I was little
I've got some beetroot and spinach juice
as well honestly these are the best so
this morning I'm gonna have a shower
soon here's what a few emails have to do
about Stormin a like chondrites design
and just heaps of stuff like that and
then I am also going to eat it today
because every time I feel this way like
just feel like I don't know everything's
going wrong like there's no point in
filming because like I don't I'm just
never is enthusiastic and happy as I
normally would be while I'm doing like
the video I started enjoy doing it so
much so days when I feel a bit like this
I definitely beast just to eat it and
get all those little boring jobs done
and then hopefully tomorrow feel better
all that hopefully later on today I feel
good I just feel like I don't even know
I threatened I've had a bit sleep or
what it is it's just like everything's
just like play this is making me so
happy though so cute he was asleep oh-ho
buddy what got when he saw the camera
cutest doggy be' hello are you doing in
here this is his favorite bed next to
the front door so he can spy out the
little windows a do you like spying on
people outside
look how comfy that bed looks all off
the ground so it's nice and warm spoiled
I've decided today I'm going to take it
a little bit easy I'm gonna sit at my
video for Friday I'm going to sit up my
video for Monday and
start editing another video then I'm
just gonna chill I'm gonna do some more
work on some lashes with it cuz I beauty
so I might just play around with those
for a while and decide what kind of
styles I want to bring in then I'm just
going to relax a little bit because I
feel like the stress is dying to catch
up on me hello thank you for the kisses
hmm yep that's my hair don't eat that so
yeah gonna take it easy I like your
skirt oh so this was inside not quite
sure what to expect but we'll have a
look Oh exciting
Eddy desta oh my god I'm in my element
it's so cute it's a t-shirt um
Nike looks like a really nice light
workout singlet oh the stellar sport
collection it's the little cropped
jacket
oh my god these shoes though oh my
goodness
thank you guys so much we've seen this
to me sports bra here we go chen√© hope
you love this box of if there's goodies
as much as we do enjoy the team at
sterling sports thank you guys so so
much exciting are in some workout pants
well this is all definitely going to a
good home I will wear the stuff to do
that I love it do you love it too
don't I sit in the box open the box come
on hop in the box
see you something the box wasn't here
open the box
Louie like ripped a whole tree out of
the ground
didn't you little
you little but I love you haven't
showered yet I probably smell so dead
but Yolo I'm just having lunch now it is
12:00
lunchtime I'm just having a Juris
because I don't know I don't really feel
well I mean those muffin splits for
breakfast probably didn't help but
sometimes when I have a really really
sore stomach I just like to have a juice
cuz I'm not necessarily hungry about
when you juice like it just takes out
all of the work that your stomach
a fiber and stuff which five it is good
for you of course but this is just like
vitamins like pure straight-up
vitamins and usually it helps to sit on
my stomach a little bit so that's what
I'm having for lunch tastes pretty good
too it's just tons and tons of greens
nobody's being a suck at you so for the
last couple of hours of just being
sitting up my videos of sit up I'll give
you guys my little schedule if you want
sir
on Friday I am which is the day of
watching this I think I am putting out
that dark fairy look with the blue egg
in the horns that's going up Friday 2:00
p.m. use Ellen time and then on Monday
next week my stitched mouth tutorials
going up so many of you are looking
forward to that one of beginning lots of
questions asking when that's going to be
out because people want to practice I've
got you covered
coming up on Monday so you've got plenty
of time to prepare you don't actually
need any special fake stuff for that you
just need to get yourself some thick
yeah and or you can use third caution if
you want but I tried to make mine a
little bit different from other people
that have done it because I was planning
on just doing the typical cotton but
then it hits the people who done it then
Sally did it and I was like Sally
I've got to make it look different so I
went for a really thick wiry look so
it's a little bit different to other
people's tutorials so hopefully people
don't angry like last time I put my own
spin on it
so that goes up Monday lots of you
looking forward to it so I'm really
excited to see the feedback and then
this video i'm editing now is a makeup
haul lots of mixed stuff and some stuff
off Nordstrom and some stuff they've got
seems to me actually filmed this a while
ago if you can tell by the makeup look
I'm wearing like I filmed that I don't
know how long ago was that put it off on
Wednesday and then next Friday I'm gonna
do it the pink hair fairy look lots of
you have been requesting at my version
of a broken doll like a broken porcelain
doll following lots of you wanna be that
this year so tonight film that I don't
know if I thought tomorrow see how I
feel otherwise I'll film it next week
and then I'm also going to do another
video just before Halloween of some
last-minute Halloween ideas like what
I've done in the past like I did that
last year that was a really successful
video and it helped out so many of you
so
I'm gonna do that again this year and
I'm just gonna do three simple Halloween
like costume ideas that you can do last
minute kind of thing if you've got a
last-minute party or whatever you want
to do so there are a lot of Halloween
tutorials that I am probably not gonna
get a chance to complete that I've
bought the props for and everything but
I'll see how I feel maybe if I have the
energy I'll just film some bonus
Halloween tutorials but I mean the three
and one one's gonna be quite intense to
get done so we'll see how much time I
usually get if I can I will film some
extra ones and do some bonus uploads
otherwise I'm just gonna start filming
normal makeup tutorials and stuff again
because I have a friend coming next week
two friends coming next week and then
next month I've got to he I've also got
our house I also might be going on
another trip somewhere which I'm not
going to talk about yet just in case it
doesn't happen and then after that it's
December which obviously December super
busy I've got a prep so that I can take
off a little bit of time over Christmas
and New Year's and I have decided with
my daily vlogs I'm gonna keep blogging
unless you know as they say if I need a
day off I'm gonna take a day off I've
decided over New Year's I'm going to
stop daily vlogging I don't know if or
how long I might do some time around
like maybe like the day after Christmas
until after New Year's sometime I don't
really know I'm going away anyway to
like a bet where there is no internet so
have you able to upload vlogs anyway but
I just need a little bit of time off
anyway so I'm gonna take a week or two
off daily vlogging around New Year's so
I'm just warning you now I need some
time off so I figure that's a good time
to do it plus you know even if I wanted
to daily vlog I can't because there's no
suitable internet for blogging
I'm enjoying blogging a lot but I also
just want to have a little period of
time where I don't have to worry about
you dissing every day and don't have to
worry about uploading and don't have to
worry about like comments and all of
that kind of stuff and just enjoy some
time with friends and family and stuff
we're in Christmas New Year's I'm really
really excited I still will do some
vlogging and then I'll just do like a
compilation video when I get back home
just had a breath and I don't know why
so I was still vlog but yeah I won't be
doing the daily vlogs and then depending
how I feel I'm sure I'll probably get
back into
next year sometime he's another period
of time I'm going to Tahiti for about a
week at the beginning of November so I
don't know if I'm gonna be up to daily
vlog like I don't know if I'm gonna have
suitable ensign it's a daily vlog so if
I can't upload I will probably just vlog
and then upload them when I get back to
New Zealand yeah I'll keep you updated
and I'll have social media so just
follow me on Twitter and Facebook and
stuff and I'll update you there what if
you got what's that would you find this
yeah still haven't showered it's
28:19 to four and I just finished
editing yesterday's vlog I'm so tired
use a couple of videos no I'm just doing
a thumbnail don't know what to do with
my life chicken so much regret I need to
shower and I think I might make green
curry and veggies or something for
dinner
I kind of feel like some rice or
something I'm in such a hungry mood
today I think it's cuz I had a shitty
breakfast like when I ate a healthy
breakfast I usually don't get cravings
and don't get too hungry throughout the
day but whenever I eat no breakfast or a
 breakfast I get so much more hungry
like right now I'm starving but it's
like 4 o'clock because it's like kind of
SHINee should just wait the dinner I
don't really know
Lilly I haven't showered yet I'm being
lazy are you being lazy yeah I put my
daily vlog up earlier than normal today
I'm going to read some of the comments
and questions and stuff because they say
there's a couple Christians julia
Cardamone I'm sorry if I pronounce your
name wrong she said would you consider
getting any more pits in the future one
day but not any time in the near future
for sure I don't know we'll see what
happens but at the moment we have been
with our two puppies like people don't
realize how much work animals are and
unfortunately that's probably why so
many end up in shelters and things
because people don't think about it
probably it pits but there are a lot of
work especially Italian green
people have been asking me in my vlogs
to talk about telling him great homes
because they really want one in
everything but I knew exactly what I was
getting myself into when I was
researched telling great hunts for a
long time time before I got mine or
Louie I should say they are incredibly
needy they like basically one of the
most needy breeds Sara they get bad
anxiety they a babies say I had to Train
they hate the cold and they hate the wet
if it's like raining outside they'll
basically refuse to go outside and go to
the bathroom they'll go to the bathroom
inside there are a lot of ways this is
still a lot of work but definitely
nowhere near as much as Louie so yeah
it's just like you know we've got our
hands full with our two dogs plus Louie
doesn't get along with other dogs very
well apart from Zeus so everyone's come
to say hello so I don't want to upset it
Louie like getting any more dogs or
anything at the moment anyway I think he
would have been meltdown he doesn't even
like kids like we were their kids like
walking down the street or something
I've got a walk LOI to the other side of
the road because he gets so terrified
he's very very scared of children and
babies and things and I've tried to get
him used to them but at the same time
you know you don't really want him to
freak out and it's something you know
it's kind of difficult I think one day
when I have kids that'll be bad enough
but at the same time he'll be you know a
mature age for adults by the time I have
children so hopefully he'll be a lot
more chilled by then because he's still
only like - almost - though he's still a
little baby would you ever do a vlog of
you at the gym so we can see what
workout routine um people always ask me
absolutely breve lagh and I talked about
it in my vlog I called it like vlogging
at the gym or something something along
those lines but no because it's just
awkward of logging around to other
people that are working out like I know
I wouldn't want to be filmed at the gym
I'm sweating my ass off and not looking
attractive like you don't really go to
the gym to look great do um so I don't
want to make other people feel
uncomfortable plus I go to the gym just
for some me time and just chill out and
think and you know I had a commie
bothered like going and filming and
everything
most the time what I do at the gym is
pretty boring I do lots of cardio and
people say like ah
if you want to do this this and this
with your body you shouldn't be doing or
only cardio blah blah blah but I do
cardio because I enjoy it which sounds
weird because not many people enjoy
cardio but it gives me lots of time to
think and I just like it and then
sometimes I do weight training I do like
leg presses and stuff like that I do
pull-ups and dips and just various
workout like machines basically I don't
really have a reason to know doing much
like I just workout because it makes me
feel good and I just do whatever I feel
like doing on the day I don't really
have goals at the moment I just go
because I enjoy it and it makes me feel
amazing and yeah Laurie Koller or Khalif
if you were any animal what would it be
and why I'd be a dog for obvious reasons
like look at this most chill life there
is specifically one of my dogs they just
eat all day they have delicious
high-grade food that costs like a
million dollars per bag they have
delicious treats they get a nibble on
carrot which is like their favorite they
have toys everywhere they've got outdoor
sofas they've got like six different pet
beds
I've got blankets they are living at the
life you guys if I could be any animal
I'd be like loyal zoos nits
three-one-seven us hey Shan do you eat
anything before you go to the gym and
now I don't I usually feel sick when I
ate first thing in the morning I think
I've said that in a vlog before I don't
know why I just don't feel good like it
makes my stomach hurt and if I ate
before the gym because I like to go to
the gym like first thing in the morning
and I like to procrastinate if I eat
before the gym I'd have to wait a while
and then work out because if I eat and
work out like directly afterwards it
gives me a sore stomach as well so I
just go to the gym without eating and I
find I have enough energy of course but
everyone's different
Loie everyone's different some people
work out better like in the afternoon
like once they've hit a couple meals
some people work out better after a
snack some people work out better on an
empty stomach and I'm just one of those
kind of people that works out better but
yeah just do whatever works for you I'm
confiscating this
it smells like latex I'm trying to find
one more question to answer someone
asked me if I can do a Maleficent look
for Halloween do you think you could do
a tutorial
um I don't think I'm doing a Maleficent
one this year because as I was saying
earlier I'm just got so many ideas
already I've bought my prop so I'm kind
of doing what's on my list but if you
want to watch it : I think Samantha
better lash did one recently I haven't
watched it yet but I think I saw it and
my subscription box if I'm not
mentioning things anyway
it looked incredible from the thumbnails
so check out Samantha or better lash pop
it in Google Bear lash Maleficent and it
should come up Louie is so keen for this
I really need a shower but I just I've
got my motivation today virtually done a
lot of work though I did heaps of if so
beauty stuff just before as well you
know it's just picking out some names
for some new styles of lashes and things
and you guys are complementing the
lashes I wore yesterday too which is
awesome because I think I'm gonna be
stocking them and I tried them on again
with out screwing up my application and
they looked amazing so I'm happy with
them they're really long as well I
should probably start cooking some
dinner what's the time it's 5:05 ah
maybe in a bit I'm just gonna watch some
YouTube I think for a while either way I
have ordered some clear contacts I've
actually got some clear contacts I don't
know I've just been getting my monies
with these ones because they cost like
over $100 I don't want to throw them out
yet because knowing me I will put them
in a context case and forget about them
and then I've got to use them again in
like a month and they'll be all dried up
so I'm just wearing them a little bit
longer and I'm going for another LASIK
appointment next month
I think yeah next month like near the
end of next month the eye doctor guy
wants to finalize the fact that I
probably can't get LASIK but he has told
me there's other like ways of correcting
my vision that we can like look at
potentially maybe I'm not getting my
hopes up though I got so upset last time
my vision is something that really like
gets me down like it's something I just
I get so angry about I'm like why me and
it seems so silly but yeah if you guys
have bad vision as well you know how it
so hopefully I can fix it that would be
amazing but if I can't then happens
and life will continue and the world
will still spin
guys I am dying someone just sent me
this video on Twitter go look up videos
oh my god just a couple more posts to
ABI X ona instagrams make sure you guys
follow if you're not already
that's the username at the top so I'm
making some Thai green curry just got
some green curry paste in here just like
pre-made stuff unless you can back it
I'm just gonna fry that in some oil now
I'm just adding in some stir-fried
veggies and some peas as well and then
I'm just adding in a little bit of
coconut sugar to taste it's how it's
looking now add in the rest of the
coconut milk as well and then I'm
cheating I'm just having this for my
rice because it caught me pulled it
Ashley cooking uni so just some brown
rice tonight served I finally hit a
shower it's quarter past seven until
your face mask
I put glam below it and like my Homer
Simpson area and then around the rest of
my face is the Antipodes honey in my new
aunt manuka honey mask like that
moisturizing ones yeah because my nose
and my ur on the sides my nose is really
like congested and then I've been
getting a few stress breakouts and stuff
so I'm just doing the way my skin feels
better afterwards the source accept
paper they just wanted to say thank you
guys so much for your nice comments
today on my blog just been reading them
tonight I hope you guys had a really
good day today and if you're not having
a good day I'm sending you virtual
chocolate pizza and Oreos and noodles
noodles are good bye
