hey guys so I just got that religion
it's 10 past 10:00 I'm just gonna hit a
smoothie for breakfast again and I'm
making some jokes for late later one for
lunch or something I've got the mail and
today I think I am just going to do a
bit of editing and I've got some social
posts to do and yeah that's basically my
plan my gym outfit today is the dry fit
taught from Nike and then I'm wearing
that cotton on sports bra it's a grey
one today
and then these are Eddy - pants which I
don't really like because they're like
extremely stretchy in the stomach so
they kind of fall down when you're
exercising a little bit well maybe I
just go to biggest size I don't really
know
I still wear them so don't waste my
money there I'm just gonna do the same
smoothie as yesterday again
oh I think I put a bit too much of that
green powder into there still tastes
good though so I got some stuff off -
which I might show in a hole at some
stage I heard clothing haul
I also got my wantable box i buy this
myself by the way but there is an offer
a concealer palette I think that is I'm
an unseen smoky pencil this is a
lipstick by Minna and then some
eyeshadows by Marie Bella and then in
this other box are some nails and
Nicole's nails and someone contacted me
and asked if I wanted to try them to
support Nicole so of course I was like
yep I'm pretty sure you can put these on
top of gel as well so I have to try them
out but I'll show you what styles like
all mothers are so pretty and in these
kind I love the shape as well and then
these ones super pretty
thank you guys so much so I have decided
all this right I'm gonna put on makeup
and clean this room and it's got a
missio since last time since I see me
cleaned it because I did that Halloween
tutorial I have been at procrastinate
any like I had a shower and I she's like
I don't want to get out and then I was
just sitting around in my towel it's
like 11 o'clock now I've got so much it
is thing to do and I know it and so I'm
just like we all have these days right
majority of the time I'm pretty good I
get done what needs to be done I just
cannot be bothered today so I've got my
covergirl Ready Set gorgeous foundation
la girl pro conceal the top brow mascara
and my brows I'm trying out some new
falsies for XO beauty but I stuck the
one so badly melted melon by Too Faced
on my lips on my cheeks is a blush by 3
concept eyes it's like a pinky purple
color Tom Ford illuminating July on my
cheeks on my highlight is a Riviera
- are typically Hills contour is next
contour kit I should have put on
eyeliner because you can see my lash
glue that's why they look really
annoying hey days when you false lashes
just do not cooperate anyways that's my
makeup of the day I should really do
some work I'm trying out this energy tea
that I got in the mail yesterday
and I just bit my tongue like - and then
you put boiling water in this I'm just
heating up the rest of my pumpkin soup
and I'm having a sandwich as well as I'm
really hungry this is just tomato mayo
and some pickled stuff pickle relish
lunch where we going boys does he's like
no I don't want to color
you decided yes yeah what do you know um
I don't know it should be like you
should be able to see which one it's
unreal and then just try pull it off
nice slip it over his head and it should
get stuck good boy Louie please a little
feet of shaking he's so silly yay yay
fighting so as you gather from that last
clip you going for look huh you cited a
but we're going to take the puppies for
a walk it's a nice afternoon before it's
late afternoon now almost finish work
it'll be just more you doesn't make it
hard line they honestly love it here
tomorrow named Pumbaa
I'm in Hamish's room we need to get our
house bomb which is a it's huge
oh my god it's a whitetail I need to
evacuate this household it's as simple
as that blue Lily Lily what's going on
with your time
so I want to talk about something
quickly for the random topic vlog of the
day I see a couple different questions
about like getting or what kind of
makeup to wear to job interviews for
like makeup positions and my advice is
first like kind of like suss out the
other stuff like where ever you're going
for the job like for example if you're
going for a job at Sephora go suss out
the other staff at Sephora see what kind
of makeup they with and kind of do your
own take like if they wear really
dramatic eyes and dramatic lips go with
that they'll be a very natural makeup go
with that and it kind of varies between
Brandon brands I would say like if you
think of Bobby Brown like Bobby Brown is
quite I like natural like emphasizing
your natural beauty polished kind of
brands like that's their kind of like
gold with makeup so if you were going
for a job at Bobby Brown I would wear
just really polished makeup maybe like a
nice healthy pink lip and just really
like even you were here as well like
just be really polished or if you were
going for a job at Urban Decay or Mac
maybe do something a little bit more
bold and show your skill like it kind of
in my opinion like that's how I would
like go about it still over research and
see what the brand stands for lots of
different brands have different
statements some of them are all about
natural beauties some of them are all
about creativity so you can usually kind
of get a hint of you know what kind of
look they would expect I guess and it's
cool if you can show the people taking
your interview they're like you know you
had skill or like you know what you're
doing and you know a little bit about
the brand as well cuz they'll usually
ask you in a job interview like you know
what do you know about the brand if you
can like kind of talk about their
mission statement and like talk about
what can overlooked they like and what
they believe in and their goals and
everything like that'll give you a
little bit of a head start as well yeah
hopefully that helps cuz there's not
really one way to do your makeup for a
job interview within a makeup brand
those are my tips personally if you have
any more tips feel free to leave them in
the comments everyone else we're
currently just watching the moaning of
life and it's hilarious
he's like I am its leave me alone
Lily I'm so angry I've been lying in bed
for like the last hour or two surfing
Twitter and Facebook and stuff you know
how much kissing my hand tents they
don't watch it there's a beat to YouTube
are probably high oh wait by the way we
did return the other kid computer rather
so I'll finally get the correct one
it's such a fail anyway goodbye no money
