hey guys so I just got back from the gym
it is a quarter to ten I've got a few
bits of mail to open today again which I
might open later because I want to film
a really really really pretty fairy look
these things I got from the warehouse
I'm in love with the Buffalo I might do
like a tank wig I might do like a flower
halo and almost sweat has run my feet in
so hopefully that rinses off okay
Susan is damn chicken there's anyways
I'm sorry I'm gonna have some breakfast
shower and then start filming because
I've still got so much anything to do I
wasn't actually gonna film today I was
just gonna go straight into it at hang
and work but I really really really feel
like filming today so I thought I would
just do it because it's how I roll
I've got like so many Halloween
tutorials I want to do is well I swear
I'm not gonna be able to do them all
this year like I've got too many ideas
and not enough time but I'll just see
how I go I'm kind of just doing the ones
that I feel inspired to do on the day
rather than like making a listing going
and order anything because I just feel
like the tutorials come out it'll win my
hots in it as well and you guys have
been giving me such good feedback on my
clown video I'm so happy you like it
it's like seriously made my day
good The Scream how'd it taste like not
bad hey guys so I finished the tutorial
lines just turned to before I could
take any selfies on my iPhone and I will
go shadowy and muddy and I hate it when
the lines like that because in every
comment in my photos is like your
bronzer look muddy and like it's not
it's not lighting but you can see how
pretty it is on camera it's above I
can't do these danger get tucked away on
my hands and ring that necklace from my
lovely subscriber went on I've got the
business card here where is it dab dab
dab dot V Burma City calm whoo that's
where my necklace is wrong because I
know people will ask it's so beautiful I
love it and then I've got another
butterfly this leg and in this flower
crown which I saw cuz I bought this
myself I started coming on my video and
when I hold it like in my daily vlogs
when I was oh this is what I going to
mail today she was like oh my gosh this
from my shop and she was like I thought
it was you but I didn't know so when I
upload the tutorial I will find the shop
I bought this off and link in the
downbar of the tutorial and this wig I
think I got from Rockstar wigs I'll also
link it in the down bar of the tutorial
video not like this I mean yeah on my
makeup I forgot to use these lashes but
I don't think I need them I use these
same ones in a tutorial I filmed a
couple years back that
Alfieri elf look yeah I'm really happy
with how this turned out and even if you
didn't have a wig it would still be
really really pretty as well the male
was match and die Manties and pearls and
I just love it
I'm so happy with it do you like my
outfit big mess of puffy pajama pins and
then my waist trainer and a crop top
yeah what's the time it's 12:30 so I'll
probably go grab some lunch I'm just
living in my iPhone charge a little bit
because it's gone did it and I want to
take we'll try to take a few more good
photos and I have lunch and then just
the rest of the afternoon I'm lucky I
don't have too many emails to do today
thank goodness I'm trying to get all of
my Halloween video it's either - I've
got some normal Beauty videos as well
like ready to go to eat it but I just
won't eat it all my Halloween ones I'm
so paranoid that what I'm just gonna
like corrupt or I'm gonna lose the
footage or something I just want to give
them all is it exported uploaded and
ready to go and then
work on the just standard beauty videos
as well I've got like three in it I
think got a whole I've got that pale
skin tutorial a head on a next staple
video and what else I know I've got
another and I can't think right now but
yeah I've got sorry budgeting to do yes
I'm so happy with how it turned out and
I love these little butterflies they're
so cute I'm gonna give these to my mum
to scrapbook with hey this looks weird
now
I'm sitting at dinner for lunch today
I'm saving last night's dinner leftovers
and some juice as well no I'm just gonna
eat it cold and this right sit down to
eat I'm just gonna show you what's in
today's packages alright so the first
three things I guess I got thumb tea and
this cool tea me cup and this is like
energy tea so I'm excited to see what
it's like because you guys all know how
incredibly tired I've been lately and
then I also got cents and stuff in the
body shop apparently so open it and then
I got sent something from Lovisa so
we'll just up here the basis bring it
racing destination all pretty to hit
peace how cute is that look at all the
embellishments Thank You Lovisa I look
so tragic right now with my high
ponytail and whatever is happening here
okay so I love the knit that's that oh
and then something from the boys shot
which I'm excited to see what's inside
time to shine the party perfect with
special edition metallic makeup whoo I
love the packaging already oh my gosh
I've got the white version of this it's
actually really good for nighttime like
if you don't clubbing and stuff just a
little bit of body shimmer some nail
polishes loving the packaging I mean
this looks like an eye shadow repeller
which all open up in moments a glitter
eyeliner and then another I should open
it another extra public so this is I'll
oh this is how they look I'll swatch a
couple random ones oh yeah they're
really pigmented what about this well
it's not focusing they're super super
pigmented look at that really pretty
colors and in the other box is my new
MacBook yeah I bought a really like
upgraded version
because my current met book which is
pretty new I think I knew about it about
a year ago I'm gonna sell that one
because every time I travel it's so
friggin hippy to like lug around with me
so this one is so much lighter and it's
a lot slimmer too so I can just chuck it
in one of my big handbags and I can eat
it on the go kind of thing whereas the
other one was so big
see ya I'm so excited about this time
for lunch so it is 5 o'clock and I've
just set here for the last few hours
editing this video and also finished off
that stitch a video which I'll show you
a little sneak peek quickly when it
wants to load I need to reset this
program once it's all finished wait
ahead finish i cant resis it anyway um
where's the finished look
so that's the stitched now picked off my
rhinestones picked off my false
eyelashes my makeup it's looking kind of
weird what's about beetroot stains on my
mouth I'm just gonna finish off
yesterday's vlog still better get your
size vlog and then I'm going to call it
a night it's made her really weird noise
with my mouth by the way guys thank you
so much for 400,000 subscribers on my
vlog channel that is amazing I'm so
happy you guys are enjoying the vlogs so
man Hamish decided we couldn't be able
to cooking I only just finished editing
in at 6:30 so we're going to newer for
dinner which is my favorite you guys
know one of my favorites it's raining
and it's miserable when it's cold
outside and I hate it
life sucks about from the fit that I'm
about to eat delicious food and life
doesn't actually suck I'm just being a
little bitch
have changed their entrees so I'm gonna
try the bruschetta and then it's gonna
get my normal pumpkin risotto
Hamish got the pet hair and then I got
the brush it is which this one is tomato
infinite I'm not eating that one so I
hope once that paint muscies and then
this one is capsicum olives and big I
think this man
Hamish got steak and he's got some
broccoli coming soon this called me and
made me laugh so much because last night
after it had been Hamish was like just
check Facebook someone would have
complained about it because like when
you're wondering if someone else felt it
so true I've never experienced an
earthquake what does it feel like does
the ground just shake random question
what does it feel what does it feel like
to be honest it kind of feels like
surreal like it feels like something
that just it doesn't really feel like
much it just feels like something they
shouldn't be happening and you kind of
sway sometimes you can like hear there's
weight you can actually hear the ground
Rumble and roar and just like stuff
obviously moves just shakes yeah get on
your beat against I'm gonna shake it
pretty fun but yeah and it kind of
depends obviously on the fifth like
sometimes they just like a really big
joke that's more that's that's not
really the shake it's the confusion they
excuse you you don't really know and
yeah because normally when you're
shaking you kind of you know it's gonna
happen but with us it's like one of a
sudden
yeah and everything creeps the same time
you're like yeah like the sound is so
scary my friend lives in crashed it and
she said but that big one hit that
killed a lot of people she said that it
the like noise was horrific I was like
this like deafening like groaning Aurora
I don't know like it's so hard to
explain basically yeah the ground like
shakes side-to-side depends like
sometimes it goes really slow and it
kind of like goes like this sometimes
it's just like drew sometimes it's like
yeah it kind of just means only on that
day it was weird when you travel most
like you're walking on a trampoline but
not as bad but that kind of like kind of
like go side to side a little bit weird
you're like I don't drunk or something
who is it
I love how you always so happy to see me
hey hey who's your brother hmm
Lacey by the way people are saying you
get blisters cuz you're not wearing
socks but these are just my shitty shoes
I always wear socks with my sneakers and
things because those other ones don't
give me blisters where is it on Nora
he's gotten into the bin he's gotten
into the bin he's already hiding he'll
be outside so your daily journey gets
this today and she's headed sitting here
all day and has an open there I know it
is wait what this all the fun one did
you get the wrong one I didn't get the
wrong one come it says it's a Macbook
yeah there's two different kinds I think
it's still lighter than my one that's
the wrong one one what's the other one
then there's another MacBook Air there's
two different kinds I'm sure there is
well don't open it anymore if you don't
want to I'm sure that's that's not that
it's still lighter than my pro though
you're the chick on your computer now
this isn't the case what's the fun one
we've figured it out there's one called
the macbook light which is the light one
now which is confusing because MacBook
is to be the really really really light
one I'm sure so now I was trying to
figure out how to return it and swap it
for the one that we were supposed to get
that one is still good like it's still
lighted in my MacBook but I mean we
might as well get the one that we wanted
to get not the one that's still not the
lightest because the whole point is
because it's way too heavy for me to lug
around with me when I'm traveling
especially on carrion when I'm just
going to Oakland and stuff all the time
by the way I miss I've still got my
circle lenses in for my Halloween
tutorial I forgot I'm a subscriber at
dinner too and she was really really
nice so thank you for saying hello she'd
say she watches my vlogs
we're playing minecraft at the moment
it's like a story game there is one
person that comments on my videos a lot
and I can't reply to here because you
don't have Google+ it up but you know
who are you just keep writing fruit
stuffs from you all the freaking time
and I can't reply to you now you're
saying like stop complaining about your
with quake house in Christchurch buh-bye
yes what happening crash it was the
Christchurch was awful I have friends
and family down in Christchurch which we
throw a lot as well like I'm well aware
of that I'm not trying to say like Oh
quake last night was so much worse thing
like Christchurch like when did I ever
say that oh it was scary actually
because that big is quite happen in
Christchurch it makes every other
earthquake so much scarier because you
just don't know what's gonna happen so
don't tell me that my fear is invalid
and the fact that you're saying you were
in and it was quick as well like you
would think that you would have a little
bit not sympathy I'm not asking for
sympathy or anything of course but you
would know how scary it can be in you
and you would know that there's nothing
you can do to control it and you would
know that it's so unpredictable what
happen in Christchurch could happen
anywhere and that's what's so scary like
you never know when the big one
next big one's gonna hit hopefully it
won't be in my lifetime or my children's
lifetime I'm just saying like I am NOT
trying to say it's like no competition I
would hope that this never happens again
in New Zealand but I mean chances are
one day in history it will happen again
but seriously as some people just need
to grow up that's all I'm gonna say I
say you'll call me it's everywhere and
you're just talking to it to me all the
time and it's really really irritating
you just put on lots of harissa oil in
my face is so greasy but it also
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I will hopefully talk to you tomorrow
probably
