hey everyone so it is Monday isn't it I
think just woke up I think I woke up at
about 7:00 7:30 just got back from the
gym it is now at 20 past 9:00 and I had
a really really good workout
I'm feeling so good right now my foot
hurts a little bit but I just use really
thick socks and a couple pluses as well
been dead and you guys have been saying
to go to like rub Swan stuff there thick
like proper workout socks so I might do
that at some stage I might add breath I
just got back yeah really really really
good workout really effective I've got a
couple parcels I'm going to make myself
a smoothie for breakfast and I think I'm
going to film one of those half face
tutorials today that I've been meaning
to do I checked my last one and it was
over a year ago you guys have been
requesting and you want ever since but I
was like holy shit has it been that long
so I'm finally doing it today basically
it's half my face in drugstore makeup
and half my face and high in makeup and
then drooping it so that's what I'm
going to do this morning and then I'm
going to eat it today I also think I
should probably go check my PO Box and
see if anything's come yet I don't there
would have been anything it hasn't been
open that long but I better just go
check just in case so a debrief day I'm
wearing the dry fit Nike and then the
sport spray is just from cotton on there
my favorite ones they're the ones that
don't actually hit my molded cups that's
just like a little crop top but it's
quite tight so it still keeps you nice
and firm but for some reason they're
just so much more comfortable and they
don't give you back fit and I'm just
wearing these cotton on pants my head
feels incredible after that hell okay
I've done a few like post on there I
love it it's so nice and it feels better
than when I just use like coconut oil so
this is not sponsored by you know just
feeling so much better my mind just
feels like it's in a much better place
and I was reading through my comments
this morning because obviously last
night I said like my video didn't go out
to a quite late because it was
processing for so long
YouTube must have been having like
issues or something but it went up at
like 10 o'clock at night or something
like that so I was just reading through
the comments this morning I've got a few
random topic topics that I'll talk about
later on as well so yeah that's my day
let's get on with it
might open my mail first cuz I'm excited
so we've got to hear let's see what's
inside one of them a had to pay customs
on I think so that was annoying this is
some stuff from princess Polly I wonder
if I should do like a wall or something
let me know if you want to see one it's
got a bunch of clothes I don't really
know what else to say about that
yesterday Laura has had the hookups
lately they've been spoiling me so much
what's in here I'm so excited all right
so we have some kind of beach bag or oh
that is such a cool bag every action
counts let's see what's inside we have
some cute little pink hair ties we have
a lipstick I'll open that in a second to
see what it looks like and then
information on the pink look you guys
should definitely get involved if you
live in Auckland this is the event I'm
guessing tink Lauder
or five kilometer walk under the stars
that's so cool tickets are $30 there's
all the information if you want to get
involved with that let me know if you do
it to let me know how it goes and that
is where the money will go doesn't it
cool that companies do this kind of
thing
the lipstick they gave me what's this
called pure color Envy met in neon
zeliha I have a feeling I might already
own this what does it look like I might
I don't know I have to double check but
it's a stunning Barbie pink kind of
color I'm gonna keep this bag to be so
good for just traveling with if you got
is there see your friends Chloe you
can't Louie excuse me you can't just
steal your brother's toys all the time
you're so rude how selfish is here
luckily you don't care her you just put
on top of soos so cheeky
honestly I think that would have a
meltdown if they were separated I just
don't think they could ever be separated
for like more than an hour the only time
they ever apart is been Zeus is getting
a haircut which I'll probably have to
book them in for another one sometime
soon
so I am it just having an inner cook
milk this is super ripe can you say this
is going to be so sweet
mingle two blueberries some vanilla
protein and lots of spinach here I
thought it was so funny I was reading my
comments and someone said that they like
to guess which color my smoothie is
going to go and I was like oh my gosh
because I do that too and then other
people replying like yep same cuz you
never know do you like sometimes it
turns like a really ugly like brown
colors and has it's purple sometimes
it's red sometimes it's green you just
obviously depends on the amount of
ingredients but today it's kind of like
a greenish purple if that's possible
and it tastes amazing yeah okay so I'm
gonna go check some emails finish brick
for the shower in the end up film so I
just did my makeup let me know if you
can tell which side is drugstore in
which side rule is high-end I'll tell
you at the end of the day so that's done
it is now 10 to 1 p.m. that took a while
because I was explaining so much in
detail and so I'm gonna go have some
lunch and I am going to start editing
and doing some emails I've got so many
from the weekend to do guys I got my
first two ladies I'm so excited look how
cute look this one's come from Australia
New Zealand I think yeah New Zealand so
this letter is from Olivia Hartfield hi
Olivia thank you so much thank you so
much Olivia I just read your letter and
you are the sweetest girl ever thank you
so much for your kind words I'm not
going to show you guys exactly what she
wrote but such such such a nice letter
thank you so much and then this next
little package is from jasmine and she
said that she's included a couple of
necklaces for me that's
sweetie she said I am not including my
name I go for under my jewelry or in
closing a business card because I'm not
sending you these for promotion purposes
i gift my friends special items I make
all the time and notice you seems like
quartz you are wearing so I thought I'd
seen your little gift as a thank you for
being an inspiration and also
congratulations on hitting 2 million I
really hope you enjoy these pieces I
really enjoy making them keep up the
good work
thank you so much let's have a look look
how cute these are so that first one's a
little elephant one which she says the
first one she's made so far and she's
included a little explanation of the
stone I love the color and then this one
has a bullet which she clicks from
ammunition shops which gather them from
shooting ranges no humans or animals are
harmed in the making of these items I
love them thank you so much I think I
have the best viewers in the entire
world
no drawer okay anyways I'm some large
I'm just going ahead some of that
pumpkin soup the lighting is so bad I'm
just going to submit pumpkin soup I made
yesterday hopefully it tastes good
because I've tried it it's super thick I
did not put in enough like stopping
stuff it's like baby food but tastes way
better than baby food it is delicious
I just finished all of my emails and I
forgot about my life so now I'm going to
finish this that took me a while I just
did a couple of interviews as well
for some different publications so let
you know when those are out super some
exciting stuff my new video just went up
five minutes ago yay so I've actually
just started editing today's video
already I'm hoping to eat at this and
yesterday's vlog and also a Halloween
tutorial today if I can get the time
trying to pump them out but I've got an
arrow house with footage um like this
makeup look right now so I might be
dreaming I just wanted to talk about one
of your random topics and someone wanted
to know what I think about marriage and
children and I thought it was
interesting because this is the kind of
thing I've talked about in the past on
my channel I kind of remember what I
used to say but I guess I have more
input on it now I've got more of an
opinion on it now and also I was
watching the ciccone Jolie's today with
I was saying that I'd love another child
and I was just like Michael please so
people are asking do I want children
hell yeah like if I had a child right
now I would not be mad I'm just not
trying to agree none now because I just
don't feel like it's the right time for
myself while Hamish and I'm well aware
that basically there's never ever going
to be a perfect time to have children
there's always going to be something
happening in life which is going to be
like and sorry I just try to my split
before and now I'm like there's always
going to be other stuff happening in
life but I want to wait until I'm a
little bit older I just don't feel like
I've done everything I want to do yet
like traveling I think I'd rather move
house like I do own this house but I'd
probably like a bigger house maybe
before I have kids I don't know I've
also got goals with XO beauty that I
really want to hit before I have
children I just want to make sure I'm
set up you know like before I have kids
Hamish wants to have kids as well
obviously we've got her wait until he
feels ready as well and he doesn't feel
ready yet he's got goals within himself
he wants to hit as well so hopefully in
you know like three or four or five
years we'll be more in like a headspace
where we want to actually do that kind
of thing
like if I had a baby now out of mind but
that's not happening because I'm on
birth control and stuff like that we're
very very careful because yeah we just
have other stuff we want to do first to
ensure that like you know our lives to
sit up the best way they can be and when
we're in the headspace for it as well
because you know we're still young and
we're still having fun we just don't
feel really gear that I'm really excited
about the thought of children like I
think it'll be the best I don't know
like for a few years there I was kinda
like I don't know if I want kids but now
it was like when I hit 23 I was a little
bit sudden like I want a baby
give me they'd be right now that's like
notion and not yet one day when the time
is right and marriage like hell yeah I
can't wait to get married it's just like
a big fun party and get Hamish and I are
in a very very solid relationship but it
all comes down to when we're ready for
marriage as well when he feels really
because I'm not the kind of girl that
wants to push on anyone and we're not in
any rush at all like we've been together
for a few years now and we both are on
the same page like what's the rush it
would be fun one day but you know that
time will come when it comes I'm not in
a rush in either is he and we both are
in a really solid relationship and we
love each other and we have a lot of fun
together and you know it's just
basically a big party and making it
official one day like nothing else
really changes you know basically both
of those things is just when the time is
right like I'm
23 I just turned 23 I still feel like a
baby so yeah I'm going to get back to
either sings a book so much to do I
finished my lunch it was super super
filling the rest of my days gonna be
pretty boring
I'm loving the makeup what I'm going to
do is I'm going to leave this makeup on
till the very end of the day so we can
see how well each side holds up because
that's the biggest difference I find
with like high-end and drugstore and I'm
not going to show you or tell you which
is which until the very end of the day
so keep kissing it looks basically the
exact same there right
I obviously removed my lipstick on
purpose i watch it off before I ate
because I don't want it to like smudge
all over my face because when I eat if
I've got lip color on I always get it
like down on my chin I don't know how I
must be like I look in sane so I'm just
doing a little update for those of you
who are following how my makeup is
looking throughout the day so here's one
side and then the other side
hello you look so cute in the beanbag
hmm sorry I'm gonna make a roast
vegetable salad for dinner just really
simple and really just some kumrah
carrot and maybe some like feta and
spinach or something sorry to those of
you who I freaked out and uses a little
cutting up that pumpkin don't worry I
keep my fingers away I've never ever cut
my fingers while chopping something
surprisingly because I mean I'm pretty
hectic I'm pretty out of control guys my
cherry blossom tree looks like it's
dying to die the cherry cherries the
pink flowers are staying to fall off
which is really depressing makeup is
still looking good on both sides I
should
was this come here six there's got all
my VG's like that and I'm going to use a
little bit of virgin olive oil spray so
here is dinner this is just a rice we
just a load with a few bits of spinach
and some feta cheese and then while I
ate I'm just editing the stitched up
makeup tutorial sexy guys if you somehow
get my cell phone number please don't
text me or ring me like I mean I love
talking to you guys but I need a level
of privacy right like I have so little
I've had like a few viewers texting me
and stuff lately I just had one person
pretending that they know me and like
pretending like we have plans on Friday
to try and get me to take them back and
I was just like no bad thing is like I
can literally type your phone number
into Facebook and it will show me who it
is because if you've got your Facebook
account linked up to your cell phone
number that comes up on Facebook like
with your profile like this isn't just
like a don't takes me message it's also
a be careful who you text because you
know like anyone can really find you and
then if they find you they didn't have
your cell phone number and your personal
details so just be really careful and
please just give me I give like I'm so
public anyway like you don't need to
teach me you don't need to ring me so it
is now Steven Diddy and I haven't
finished editing yet but I'm getting
there like halfway know I'm not probably
like a quarter the way in four minutes
in so nigger Hawaiian beat and watch
some TV I think you want to come so rude
so yeah is 7:30 I think I said I know
the lighting is not the best but the
makeup basically lasted the exact same
on both sides
and there's the eye shadow yeah just
looking closer it looks the exact same
so the products I use today if could
stay in Paulo yeah that's usually the
general thing with drugstore makeup is
usually it all just a little bit less on
your face or on your skin I'm gonna wash
my face now because I just want to get
it off I feel like my natural hair
starting to get so warm this is just my
natural hair and no extensions or
anything just the front it looks way
shorter because my front layers are a
little bit shorter fake tan to my face
I've still gotta wash my face I just
used to make a white but my face is so
tan already big now and cleaned my face
put on my serum on my Roberta brow put
on my revitalash the lighting is study
flattering isn't earthquake happening
still going no I'm not filming you it's
still going oh no it's not it was it was
going for ages oh my god my heart
alright that was a decent one I could
like hear it you know the house was like
making croaking noises say oh my god
we're watching the moaning of life have
a look on your phone he goes strong that
was 1 minute ago deep 30 kilometers that
was big low that was much strong when
was the last strong one what are air oh
there's a la la these are all in a
couple days New Zealand is on like one
big fault line is so scary keep going
do you know some people around the world
of never felt an earthquake what because
like oh they need to week ago huh
that's insane that was massive that was
big don't unders bug is that when we
have when we fish yeah when we first
moved in it was huge and we just bought
a flat-screen TV like I really begun in
the lounge and literally more like we
didn't it house and shit and we didn't
have insurance yet because we'd
literally just moved in but turns out we
would have cuz weird called out but we
just hadn't paid it but apparently
you're covered still but yeah it was so
scary and it's
like heaps of seams and our windows and
stuff yeah it was really scary and we
actually like had to go outside it was
such a big one there's probably the
biggest one I've felt since then it was
kind of scary yes but I always wonder
after the first jolt if it's going to
get back I know because I I never move
straight away how long yeah I always
like sit there I'm like huh and I
panicked I just think it's gonna get
real big or something
yeah like stars or something yeah did
you just poke is that how it goes hey
guys I'm gonna sleep now we've just been
watching the moaning of life and its
really really good that Carlton pushing
Pilkington show and then we're up to the
3rd episode so far so good so yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
hopefully I'll talk to you tomorrow
