good morning everyone I have it my
coffee it's Friday it's my last day I
can film tomorrow we're off to Queens
tell me a bit Monday and then Tuesday I
leave it for Germany I think I still got
my flight so I'm not too sure but that's
what I've been told it's just not like
since dawn I suppose so feeling a little
bit appreciate needs petrol for both
trips also we get back Monday afternoon
I leave Tuesday morning so like there is
a chance I can do a bit of packing
Monday afternoon but I'd rather get most
of it done today
in case there's anything else I need to
do in case the flights are delayed or
anything like that so yeah that's what
I'm doing at the moment I've got my
coffee wait
so yeah energy later on I've got my
entomology appointment which I don't
want I can't so cuz makes me feel so
good and it will help me do stress a
little bit I think oh ok I gotta get
started also what the heck pimples on my
face almost all gone but one puts up on
my neck or chest or what have you called
us does never happens to me look I did I
did a full face first impression direct
store edition whoo so everything on my
face drugstore apart from one thing
which is the lashes because they are by
iconic London I actually don't know how
much they cost they could be affordable
for eyeliner I don't know anyway um so
now I'm going to do a favorites video
but first I just got my flights for
Jimmy finally it's Friday with able to
choose day so cutting it a bit close but
that's fine I'm just like a super over
planning when it comes to treble I hate
thing last-minute stressing out a lot
anyway so you're gonna go check the
flights first before I start fill me my
favorites video so I can cinemas
Michaela gonna film my favorites video
I'm going to edit seed favorites video
so like I'm skied with that and then I'm
going to have to eat at some videos on
at the plane and hope that the earth in
Germany is good so yeah because I don't
get good little don't know me enough
time and then after I've done that I
need to get us another vlog upload my
vlogs
I've got like one other or two other
ones edited so far I just want to get
them as scheduled also and then I what
am i doing oh I need to pack obviously I
think I said that earlier so Oh vlog
while I'm packing so you can see what
I'm packing as well
and then got me entomology at 3:00 and
then maybe I'll do more work after that
we'll pick some more after that I'll
just see how I go for time I should stop
vlogging really and actually get my arts
into green you know start doing this
stuff it's 10 o'clock in the morning
right now time to get moving
it's all melted right what I'm trying to
get all my videos done my computer keeps
freezing and my imovie keeps freezing
and my cards out working it's always the
way I suite every time I'm trying to get
heaps of stuff done technology fails me
but every other time it's fine like I
don't understand so I'm currently
waiting for my computer to restart look
at this screen I know what that don't
you neva tell help Judy whoops
you need to tell the how duteous screen
is and he'll it's off because usually my
computer screen is on you know I don't
say he's studying it
Hey I'm so hungry time is it is 1126
Bates for lunch quickly we have to go
that pizza place
what is yes
it's email that's going out tomorrow
yeah this camera sucks at focusing
sometimes wondered is a newer version of
this camera yet I need a new one so
who's my flesh doesn't pop up so anyway
but from entomology time to pack the
first cattles on the side
mm-hmm oh so warm
yeah
okay so full makeup I have it my step 1
primer and then I've got some little T's
destroy cream and Hanover primer just in
case my skin's a little bit dry as well
so yeah got that with my Clinique beyond
perfecting in two different shades I'm
going to take fake tan with me but I
don't know when I'll fake tan so I've
got a really light shade and a really
tender shade for when I've got all my
fake tan on so I can kind of mix them
together and find whatever shade I need
and then we've got the NARS concealer in
both of my shades and then my color pop
concealer just because these are good
under the eyes or on the face and then
this one's really good on to the eyes I
was contemplating not bringing this but
I was like yeah I'll just bring it never
put my look at how to finalize it might
make Studio Fix in two shades everything
I flicked hand I am c20 in c30 got a
mini what's up and then as far as cheeks
go I've got contour here in the
Charlotte Tilbury G oh I love that
highlighter - and then I've got blushes
here by the balm and then I've got this
little trio for my bronze that I'll use
that one by hourglass it's gonna blush
your highlighter in it too because that
hell it's actually really lightweight
which is perfect and then I've got these
a highlighters by city light and I don't
really need to bring them but I just
want to because I really want to use
them because I haven't really
experimented with them at too much yet
so this is the perfect time I've got my
new color pop color which I used today
which I was really impressed with and I
want to keep trying it out and try some
the other sheds and then of course I
have my shinnok's / palette because they
can't live without it and I use it
pretty much every single day so I'll be
using that the whole time I'm away as
well I thought it'd be fun kind of
mixing and matching some of these shades
too I think they look really cool
together so I'll have to experiment a
little and then here I've got my la girl
ultimate eye pencils nude one in a dark
brown because I won't really wear black
on my waterline and I've got my black
liquid liner but next I have my big shot
two colossal mascara by Maybelline for
my brows I have browsing zku brow in
gimme brow because I kind of like all of
them just depends on my mood that day I
primer and glut duraline watch clear
glue and dark blue and a lip gloss a
lipstick a liquid lipstick I'm gonna
take a couple more lipstick so having
chosen the me--it and I've got my lip
oil by clarence which I'm loving I
should have actually put that my
favorites video today bow well and then
I've got my sitting spray as well which
is quite Hydra
for me oh and I also have my brush
cleaner just a little back so I won't
need too much so I'm hoping I haven't
forgotten anything I'm feeling like I've
forgotten something but don't think so
primer foundation concealer set my
concealer set my foundation brows
eyeshadow contour bronzer highlight
blush oh I know eyeliner mascara off
falsies that's where I'm feeding and
then I think I'm good all right in a
couple more lip colors huh so stressful
so a couple of piers that makes my
beauty at lashes we've got the one blast
and the chic not sure if you can read
that those are the chic and those are
the ones I lost and I have a couple of
pairs of the faux mink new lashes coming
out soon just my samples which I've been
working to death and they still look
incredible
the Bette Pierre that looks like it
starts the tray it's not actually I did
a video or like a minion scrim Dee I'm
not putting it up yet until the lashes
are actually out but just like how to
clean your false lashes or hopefully
it'll come in handy for people so it
just fits in my column makeup bag and
then in here I put my lashes sponges
brushes tweezers curlers scissors just
everything else I need make a wife is
actually hates the brushes in there you
just can't really say in a low murmur
okay so I'll take these with me to clean
stands tomorrow I need to pick my
toiletries in clothes so obviously and
all the other bits and pieces but I
think I'm just going to stop here for a
little bit have a bit of a break and go
sniffs music have a glass of wine maybe
have a spa and then after dinner and
everything I'm gonna continue packing
because honestly today's been so full I
mean I took a break at lunch
I hit my entomology and everything but
other than that I've just been like a
non-stop it's been crazy for the last
few days so I'm gonna take a break it's
Friday yay I'm just kind of in that mine
see where I'm like if I don't get
everything done in to add you know
obviously I need to get my packing done
but I mean videos I need to schedule a
video later for tomorrow and then other
than there I'll do a bit more it is
being regular it from Queenstown on
Monday night and then Tuesday I'm off
just mushrooms garlic and a bit of olive
oil today we never these large shelves I
don't actually hit this one
