hey guys sorry I just had a shot washed
my hair I can't find my hair towel maybe
the door a little something I don't know
I'm wearing my new proof of jobless I
forgot to show you them yesterday so
I'll show you the other pair - both from
Peter Alexander these are the other ones
they're more tight and I'm just like
random leaders all over them and then I
also got a cup of kids of underwear and
these mascaras Levin Sully said they
were good my Max Factor got masterpiece
transform and masterpiece glamor
extensions I think this is one their
sellers did she liked more one of the
other I'll have to double check I also
got a new brow plumper cuz mine is
finally starting to run out sliced as
well it looks like I've changed the
packaging I hope it's the same formula
I'm like panicking and they grabbed a
couple more of the Australis metallics
eyeshadows they didn't have I think I'm
gonna
I'm sorry tired I had one of those
nights where like I just had so many
nightmares no what was like I don't even
know how to describe them like they were
just so realistic and like I feel like I
didn't get any sleep you know what I
mean like I'm just so exhausted and then
I woke up at about 7:30 and I was gonna
get off at I was like no I'll try to
just snap for another hour or something
and say if I can just get a good rest
and no had an even worse nightmare which
I kind of remember what happens in them
anymore but that will awful so I just
feel tired I might just have a chill day
of YouTube watching I have to do a
little bit of work as well so I'll
probably just do that this afternoon
when I wake up a little bit more I'm so
tired and I hate eating when I'm super
tired because I feel sick so I'm just
gonna wait a while it's quarter to ten
I've been up for a while now probably
been up for about 40 minutes this doll
gonna stupid toy woke me up this morning
to the first time by the way didn't hear
you came in on the bead squeaking it and
it was very loud yes
it sounds like it's in pain that is not
your toy
two guesses who got this hmm
so I'm on misguided again because I
really want some new clothes I don't
know we'll see we'll see if I actually
pressed check out
I don't even ever do anything to my cart
yet I'm watching it on fear I was just
watching Danny men's City just before
she looks like she's having such a fun
time in LA I actually got invited to go
but I didn't think I would know anyone
and then I was really busy around this
time as you guys know so I didn't go now
I'm like no we should have gone because
Niki and any of their I love them both
so much that's really nice to see them
all having such a good time and I'm just
like living vicariously through their
vlogs and thank you shopping I might
make myself some toast soon or something
I'm a little bit peckish now you're
gonna in a can
that's impossible yes you're gonna end
up literally cutting yourself Hamish is
my hair I don't think I've ever hit a
hotter pumpkin to cut that was intense
I don't know if it's but is this
organical wall I don't know why that
would make such a big difference but
look at this skin it's so thick so I
think I'm just going to reverse this in
the oven for ages like this and then
just scoop out the meat out of it
because I don't think I'm gonna be able
to cut it I'm gonna cut off my hand or
something
it's solid so I've emptied all of the
crap out of the insides and now I'm just
going to pop these in the oven for like
I don't even know how long like an hour
an hour until it's cooked really well
so it's being cooked for about half an
hour and it's looking pretty good I
might just do it for a few more minutes
just so that it's really nice and cooked
through here as well I'm going to add a
little bit of mild curry powder
now I've just scraped and all of that
pumpkin and put in a little bit of
vegetable stock is your stock salt and
pepper as well and I'm just letting that
cook for a little bit and then I'll add
a little bit more just let it cook so
just turn the heat off for now I'm gonna
use this like stick blender to make it
all nice and smooth now I'm just adding
some coconut milk to taste and make it
taste a little bit creamier as well so
just start a little bit and then kind of
mix it in I've turned the heat back on
low just to make sure everything's nice
and warm that's only go there nice
yellowy colour
that we all love with that pumpkin suit
messages helped to make it a little bit
the Nutter it's all down to personal
preference really at the end of the day
I probably could have added a little bit
more PG Stoke it's three o'clock nice
had a nap on the couch I don't know how
long I was asleep Flo I'm so I'm so so
tired I've put a massive headache so
I've taken some painkillers and now we
echoing the third on the screen somehow
now we're just gonna go to the
supermarket get some food and then maybe
go for a walk or something hopefully
some fresh air will open thought open me
up
I can't think wake me up so we just got
home from doing the groceries Jesus and
then we're gonna take the dogs for a
walk after it's over again so we just
got to eat some fruit and veg and I also
got these yum sea salt flavor and then
oh it's this old Cara Moore I should say
I've got some of them because I felt
like it
yeah just lots of fruit veg some noodles
some quinoa some rice and yeah hey you
ready for your walk Zeus hmm how about
you are you ready for your walk hmm yeah
you ready just about me again okay do
you want a pet do you want a pet so new
freezers many new frames so a picture
that looks like something all of the
Rings just fit yep okay look when they
run nice with each other it's kind of
like
they love it up here
hey he's not even running proper you
should have run fast to show everyone
how quick you were before he was noting
up and down these you went so quick you
almost caught a bird so good finish and
I are looking for a place if dinner
tonight because we want to get out of
the house again what's the time it's
just going six o'clock it's still quite
early but I'm kind of hungry I didn't
really eat much today I didn't really
have lunch or anything so I'm excited I
kind of feel like Thai I don't know yeah
I was gonna hold it it's really nice in
here yeah decoration it's not really
focusing where is this penises between
bit of fuel and daiquiri yeah the
question check it out it's really nicely
I thought it was big fear like from
house side you can tell it looks as good
yeah but then when you come inside us
it's really pretty in the back right on
camera no it's not it's nice atmosphere
I think I'm gonna get this Panang curry
vegetables and some vegetable spring
rolls to start as well okay is hungary
spring rolls and squid rings yep YUM
usually it's not young to me I think
that's gross but young here here's my
meal how cute is that
I know it's like crispy noodle things
from them some rice so it is 8 o'clock
now and I just finished it is saying he
said his blog
I'm so tired again I had like a random
burst of energy this afternoon after I'd
been up from my nap for about half an
hour we were walking stuff the fresh air
helped a lot and I'm like dinner was
good it's not my favorite Thai
restaurant but it was really nice that
this feel was really nice and like the
presentation of the food was really nice
the food still tasted really great but I
have been too bitter if you know what I
mean yeah I don't know what me and
Hamish watch tonight because we finished
Wentworth we started watching Parks and
Recreation by don't office just like
hard to get into a while we've watched
maybe like four or five episodes and
it's like good but it's not like holy
 make me stay up all night long and
watch like 20 episodes good you know
what I mean I know so many people love
it so would you finally give it another
go but let me know is that hard to get
int or is it just us I don't know I was
gonna do some of your random topic vlogs
today but since I cuz I asked in my blog
yes outside don't forget to leave me
questions and stuff so what did some
nuanced answer because I don't really
want to go through my older videos
comments no because of haters and stuff
so I see it and yesterday as long as
like leave me some more which I was
gonna I was like playing on tone tonight
but since sunny just oh it's still
uploading right now so I probably won't
do anything today but maybe tomorrow
we'll see how we go thank you for all of
your well wishes as well loads of you're
so kind and so nice and yeah I made a
couple of you guys today as well and I
had to say I was like I'm so sorry if I
sound really unenthusiastic right now I
just woke up from a nap so it was like
right after women out I don't know
what's wrong with me I need to go into
town and get that second blood test done
and shoot my b12 again I think I've been
taking like extra supplements and stuff
like tablets and things maybe I'll just
in the city or here because I mean I'm
gonna be going to sleep in like an hour
probably I'm so tired so I hope you guys
enjoy today's vlog and hopefully
tomorrow's video goes well it's another
Halloween one not only at people
stopping me from doing what I love to do
they don't like it they can piss off as
far as I'm concerned most of you are
nice and most of you like them and I
mean most normal people they don't like
them kind of just
don't click on them and just wait for
the other videos to go up I think I'm
doing a non Halloween look on Wednesday
so there is still like some stuff for
those of you who don't like Halloween
stuff as well and making sure to do like
a balance this year so yeah maybe I'll
film tomorrow as well we'll see how we
go my foots feeling a little bit better
today
um I patched up my foot with some
plasters but it's feeling a little bit
easier to walk on so hopefully tomorrow
I'll be back at the gym again love you
guys so much thank you for watching
please thumbs up if you do like these
vlogs as well and I'll talk to you soon
bye
