good morning everybody so I wake up
polina our ego it's at the usual that I
normally do on a Saturday morning just
lay in bed watch some YouTube chilled
out a little bit my foot still really
sore so I don't think I'm gonna be
jimang anytime today but we'll see how
we go anyway so I just showered and got
dressed now I'm gonna put on some makeup
I think we're gonna go here into town um
wash our car have a look around for a
little bit and then I'll probably come
back home later and do some work still
feeling a little bit deflated but it's
okay I'll get over it
so yeah I'm gonna do my makeup now and
I'll show you what I wear okay so here's
my makeup so I'm wearing the white cell
fusion ink foundation and la girl pro
conceal my mascara is lash sensational
and Giorgio Armani
what's eyes to kill he used both on my
lips is a mixture of the elf met lip
color and this is in the shade T rose
and node by buxom on my eyebrows is just
a Loreal brow plump I just used about
maybe 2 to 3 layers of that so I did one
layer and then I moved on to my eye
shadow and then I did another layer my
eye shadow is this pallet day I got the
other day from Bobbi Brown it's the
great stone eye pellet absolutely
beautiful I just used these two shades
so use the shimmery one just on my lid
with my finger it's really nice kind of
like it's almost like a witch look like
the shimmer is very very sheer and then
I'm using this color here on my inner
corner just a tiny amount and then the
only other thing I have is this jus here
by Tom Ford then I got the other day as
well you might have seen in my vlog it
is the skin illuminating powder duo so
I've got the bronzer and highlighter on
it's really pretty so I haven't actually
got that many different products on my
face but I still think it looks really
effective so yeah I'm gonna leave my
hair natural show you my outfit quickly
to this go it's kind of stretched out so
it's a little bit too big for me I
prefer them to be a little bit tighter
because it gets all wrinkly but
everything I'm wearing is just from
misguided this is actually a bodysuit
and then the skirt it's just you know a
mini skirt
the cherry blossom tree is still going
strong looks so pretty it makes me happy
every time I look out the kitchen window
so I've just dropped off the car with it
ed what is it wabi-sabi to lunch which
is where we came last weekend as well if
you saw my vlog because we haven't eaten
today yet and we're hungry Shannon's
just about to try this iced green tea
and I know it sounds kind of weird but
at its lowest rating my throat oh you
like it
it's weird but it's good
you know like that's quite sweet eh you
wouldn't think the best way better like
green tea yep and then sway like here
this melon it tastes like the smell of
green tea but kind of like every bath
today
yeah kind of taste I screaming fish yeah
what are you doing on your phone you're
banned
so what did you say yeah war wasn't
focused on retired that's good avvocato
sushi sushi
I've got tons of extra wasabi because I
love was happy so much mr. Stancil like
climb through this door to get on the
driver side because this dude next to us
has parked just so friggin close that
you can't even like get past they can
even see really for this CA lunch was so
good me and Hamish really like that
place so if you want to try it a good
like I think it's Japanese for it right
yes Japanese if you want some good
Japanese food you should go to wabi-sabi
and the people in there is so nice and
actually very considerate as well
because I asked cuz everything on the
menu almost has like a lot of meeting
stuff so like we're always like there's
a lot of non basically meals as well
yeah yeah yeah yeah so like cuz I'm just
cutting back on my meat and so I'll be
like oh can I just have like extra
vegetables instead and they're just like
yeah yeah yeah and they like come out
and double chicken things to make sure
like they like all community egg and
white you know so they're really really
good
whereas some places we go to they'll
just be like yeah and then they'll bring
it out and it's just got me all through
it I don't just like okay now we just
killing some time because the Porsche is
going to take a while to get cleaned
beginning the leather seats done and
everything as well so I know we'll just
go explore for a while I guess doesn't
yeah Ritchie I think so many random like
folk places down Broadway just the weird
like that
Eminem's this place got Eminem's or
something so it Sark has done so it's
just driving from the top level to the
bottom level to pick up the porch and I
got some pajamas because you know how
the other day the website wasn't working
so I just went in and met one of my
subscribers and she was so sway she had
a bit of a minute should have been down
here okay just like I'm gonna cry I'm
like no stop it's just really really
nice Lily
I got you a prison I got you he's having
a meltdown because he can say it out
outsource out out please thank you I got
them a monkey and this light flip
irie-kun and they will squeak this watch
and then I also got this big fat chicken
sit down
do you want to do set decal do you love
it or he want the squeaky one is this oh
yeah oh yeah I just gave you three toys
is that not good enough you're so
spoiled why is this upside down hmm
squeeze it ah you're confused he's like
it's mine leave leave me alone did you
claim this Oh Louie this is stealing us
chicken it's gonna get so annoyed ah my
view got Zeus
ah looks like a toy it reminds me of mr.
Baines today yes I better lay low he
just runs around by himself with the
toilet but often just gets really
excited so I just finished editing
yesterday's vlog and if you're wondering
I do do I fill beer today so I'm finally
gonna have her just stopped looking at
the comments all together and have it
started editing another video and I'm
producer on mine and Alex's clown video
will be up on Monday
so Monday 2 p.m. New Zealand time
solocom now I've done response video for
them ages ago but I actually buy stuff
off them myself whose well obviously so
I'm just having a little browse on here
I might pick up a couple things for some
videos because there's just a few brands
on here I haven't really heard of before
and it's like my favorite thing in the
entire world is just trying out new
brands of makeup there's anything I
should try you guys should leave them
down below
don't forget to leave your random topics
and questions and stuff still I am gonna
still be doing those just every now and
again I don't want to do them like all
the time but I am gonna still do them
every now and again so just keep leaving
your comments like I started doing them
for the point of like having something
to blog about when I'm so busy and like
you know don't have anything else to
show you and then I just get so busy
that I don't even have time to talk
about the random topics like I do that I
want to spend it might a bit I'm just
chilling with Hamish and the dogs and
relaxing off-camera for a little bit cuz
like the whole days revolving around
like filming editing and stuff like that
lately and like emails and designing
stuff and things and just these look
what I stay really well but they leave
that weird ring I hate that we got a
package you say disease we got a package
look at you you're squashed when he goes
to sleep as little chin yet so squashed
or the fluff on it here
that's it Kico little cute bug I love
you
Hamish is gaming if you couldn't hear
that look at that cute nose you're the
cutest little dog ever
what do you guys think is in this box oh
yeah it's some new skincare stuff that I
was into and it sounds are amazing it's
like super super natural just looks so
nice papaya and a face mask Krishna
sandalwood face Mars was scrubbing
grains all skin types facial toner for
normal skin nutshell at facial scrub and
then a jojoba facial serum natural Aetna
defense formula I'm sorry but how cute
is Louie like how he sleeps with his
toys yes so cute who's this this is your
new baby is this your new nugget huh but
what about your octopus what about him
he's being disowned do you guys know at
all if the Palmerston North or fielding
is PA take like dog toys there aren't
brand new that's something I want to
know because we've got a lot of toys
here that our dogs just don't play with
like they have their favorites obviously
there's so many like there's still heaps
get it around everywhere as well but
they don't need this mini and they just
look Missy so I'm just wondering if they
actually take seeking hand toys because
obviously my dogs have nibbled on them
and I don't know the situation there but
if any of you could let me know that
would be awesome because I was on a
different whip for now i'll misguided
yeah but i haven't bought anything you
know sometimes you're just looking like
add everything to your car but then you
can't be bothered yeah I'm shopping but
I'm not buying shopping is buying I
can't be bothered checking out I don't
know first of all problems right I don't
come goes out and then you can't get
back in because there's things in the
way Knight blister saw what's this look
at lo is I want every toy that you touch
no he make up your mind he's like I want
all of them
man Hamish is sitting up camp in our
room and we're gonna watch some Netflix
I think we might watch Casper's it's
been meaning to watch it for a while so
me and Amos just finished cowspiracy and
oh my goodness you have to watch it it
makes me want to make some more changes
on my life for sure it's very very very
educational
isn't it a little bit so yeah definitely
watch it's on Netflix next we want to
watch Inconvenient Truth
and what's the other one what are they
show this little stuff in school I know
they should we watched Super Size Me but
nothing like this let's go did you
yep made me give up fries for ages but
now I love fries again we're watching
another documentary now and hello here
in my hair coconut mask and one of those
face masks that I got in the mail today
and it smells so like it's dirty shhhhh
I could it reminds me
well it doesn't remind me because I
wouldn't go that's what I would imagine
like an elephant would smell like but it
feels really good and yeah I'm just
gonna say goodbye now because my bitter
is flushing at me I hope you guys enjoy
today as well I don't put two tomorrow
Polly I
