don't mind the swatches on my hum good
morning everyone I am I know it looks
like I've just gotten back from the gym
but I haven't I'm just having like the
worst starts of the day right now like I
got ready for the gym I put on myself
and everything went upon my shoes and
like the back of my foot was in
excruciating pain like I can't wait any
shoes I tried on three different pairs
of my workout shoes and they just could
not like heck the pain got like a
blister or something it's so so so I am
NOT going to the gym because I figure
I'll probably and make it worse if I go
running on my foot well I can't like I
could barely even walk I was trying to
walk and I hit a man limp so that's not
happening so this morning I just don't
know if your emails done some work I've
had to do played us some makeup at the
moment I'm sitting out today's video I'm
doing that for eyes makeup look so
hopefully it goes well and hopefully no
one gets angry at me because other girl
done it hopefully my way will teach you
something fingers crossed you like it I
really like it so I'm putting it up and
then hit breakfast do you think yeah
I've got a couple packages I think I
have to open oh I don't know what I'm
gonna do say I'm gonna eat it some stuff
and I am going to clean my beauty room
because it is a total mess especially
after yesterday is like fake blood
everywhere Halloween tutorials are the
worst
I guess so me say like I need to like
work in a cleaner manner but she's not
my style I've always just been such a
messy person like not a dirty person
just a very messy person and I always
feel like my creativity is like better
when everything sprawled out in front of
me rather than away in drawers I don't
know if you know what else it's like
that but it's so true but I still hate
the look and forgiveness everywhere so I
still really do want to actually like
you know put it all away
look the cherry blossom tree still looks
so pretty I'm so proud I'm like a proud
mother celebri-tea
and then you look over here and I was
like oh
as soon as me and Hamish have a little
bit of time off over like New Year's and
stuff I think we'll work on the gardens
together I actually quite like gardening
it's just that I don't have time to do
it and I'm not good at it either
like I'm really bad at gardening but I
don't know I find it quite like
therapeutic just pulling out weeds and
things I don't know about you know so I
say goodbye on my blog last night I fell
asleep again but we finished wheat we're
still super busy I've still got some
stuff with it so beauty I need to get
done but I'm going to prioritize
cleaning and just having a little bit of
an easier day because I've just been
pushing myself very hard this week I
don't work wise we've got tons of emails
but I've decided I'm just going to the
most important ones and the rest can
wait
also I've got a pro makeup and take some
photos for something so yeah and then
tonight is Hamish as friends what his
birthday I think was the day before
yesterday but he's got a bit later than
tonight so we're gonna go into that as
well and I really wanted to fake tan
today but I don't know if I can because
my skin's a little bit irritated from
the latex if you didn't know I am NOT
like severely allergic to latex like I
can wear it if I work for too long it
can irritate my skin like for example I
can wear false eyelashes all day fine
but if I fall asleep with false
eyelashes overnight like if I've used
with Joe or something that has latex and
my eyes will like kind of puff up so I
think I just lift on the latex on my
chest a little bit too long if you can
see look at me all dressed for the gym
I'm actually pretty got it okay this is
gonna be really really really gross I
apologize in advance if you a squeamish
look away like fast-forward for like 30
seconds or a minute or something but I
just want to show you guys my blisters
and see if you guys have any advice for
me like I feel like the only thing I'm
gonna be able to do is just web blisters
all the time I mean where blisters
we have plasters or band-aids all the
time to kind of prevent from rubbing and
a little bit of background I get
blisters no matter what I've always been
printed last days I have permanent
scarring and rudeness on the back of my
heels from having so many clusters
throughout my life ever since I was a
little kid I've always blistered it so
so easily on my feet I hate my feet so
much like I really really loose it
doesn't matter from wearing a new pair
of shoes or an old pair of shoes I will
blister so like all of my workout shoes
I've been wearing for the last couple
weeks have been like well worn ones
because I have been you know suffering
from blisters although I'll just wear my
like old ones it'll be fine
but yeah I'm so sorry this is so gross
I've
some ointment horn but like oh you can't
even tell how bad it is just by looking
on camera doesn't anyone have suffer
from blisters as badly like it is so bad
I can't even put on my shirt today like
I put on my shirt and I basically
screamed and Hamish was like what's
wrong what's wrong I was like oh my god
and it was so painful and it just it was
one of those lingering pains like when
you stub your toe on the corner of a
shelf or something was like that it was
so sore and it was just throbbing and
it's come down now because obviously
I've taken my shoes off and by the way
that was with glasses on I put on like
full plasters on the back of my foot to
try and like cushion it no didn't work
so I'm like really lost like I'm I don't
know if you can tell I'm so energetic
right now I really wanted to go to the
gym and just have a good workout but I
literally can't walk when I have a show
on cuz it just hurts so bad so I decided
to fake ten after all it goes stuck to
my little rash so I am actually going to
do my makeup now since I've got dinner
tonight I want to do my makeup not like
super amazing but I want to do it nice
ish and I've also got to take those
photos like I mentioned so I'm gonna do
that
this little rascal tell them what you
just did
hmm did you just rip a plant out of the
garden I think you did cry for me guys
check out this mess
hello so on my lips and on my eyes as a
secret palette I can't talk about it yet
on my cheeks
is this Smashbox palette I've never used
it before I've heard about ages so I
thought I should try it it's their crush
on blush palette I'm not sure if it's
still being sold or not I don't love it
you don't hate it
I'm just car like I don't know yet my
foundation is why cell fusion ink
foundation love it till over off because
my fake tans developing but that's fine
wearing a high neckline you can't tell
right have the Urban Decay concealer The
Naked can see light into my eyes and
then my mascara is voluminous by L'Oreal
and my eyebrows is my Mac fluidline and
dirty blonde with neutral Brown
Miska like brow mascara by Urban Decay I
think it's cold it's my makeup today
sorry I can't tell you what's on my eyes
but it's really pretty just kissing
something new out there now I am going
to take those photos I mentioned any say
and then I am going to clean up this
mess of mess of miss we just appreciate
how much color pops I have this is like
double layered triple layered so many
eyeshadows and they're all eye shows
there and no the blushes bronzer
highlight as one here and there still
got some like in these boxes which I
still got to put away it was just a
ridiculous amount
here's today's lunch ingredients I'm
just having it on toast some chili ever
cutter tomato onions spinach I am so
hungry I'm going to absolutely destroy
this meal my new video is up of the
double eyes and the road comments are
already starting but that's okay
hopefully someone likes it still and
kind of like regretting doing this at
all now mm-hmm I just should learn not
to read comments some days like no I
just feel like shit illness luckily now
my nice subscribers they coming in and
saying no she is not copying people she
found her inspirational interest isn't
that the whole point of like YouTube as
a whole is to like look at makeup
tutorials and holding tutorials and hear
tutorials and feel inspired to create
something so Milano style isn't
the whole point I don't know maybe I'm
missing something here
it's not about copying I clearly said
where I got my inspiration from I even
showed you the picture that inspired me
so I guess not everyone watches the blog
look some people just wanna point
fingers and be like as I always say
people love to make me out to be a
monster don't there so that's done I'm
going to share it on Facebook and then I
am going to continue actually I needed
yesterday's vlog first I was going to
say I'm going to continue to clean my
room I should probably do some editing
by the way I'm almost a hundred percent
certain that promise doesn't watch my
videos but for some reason promise
you're watching this you did an amazing
job and you're incredibly talented and I
love your videos
so typical like someone hating when you
hide out and then you just reply really
nicely and then they were like oh wow
great thanks Maddie face I'm just like I
can't stop I can't stop looking at the
coming why do I do this people are being
really nice as well so thank you doll
the nice people a bit you guys know how
it is and like the same call means just
keep popping up and then all of them
main comments got all the thumbs up and
stuff I'm just like go away I should
really just delete them but whatever Oh
get over it I'm really proud of myself
you know like I think I did a good job
and I had so much fun filming it and I
don't know I really liked how it came
out
so whatever
so I think I mentioned earlier we're
going to Hamish his friend's birthday
tonight tonight we're just gonna go get
some Indian food which I'm excited about
so this is my outfit my legs look kind
of weird I'm wearing these pumps small
heels because they're not rubbing my
feet to match I put in those Hills but
they were rubbing too much and they own
it that's good I think is off misguided
and then this top is from misguided and
this is from misguided I mean this here
I think is from Colette and then on my
list is this color from buxom it's
called undressed so yeah we're just
gonna go eat some food now I I'm just so
like angry at myself for reading my
comments my oh dear I can't stop myself
I just keep reading them it's just like
getting under my skin and people are
being so cruel I'm not saying that this
is promises for all but I mean I'm sure
like she wouldn't like fans attacking
another person like I know for me I
wouldn't want my viewers are taking
another person oh so cruel and this
girl's like oh you're getting money from
these videos you'd think you'd actually
put some time and effort into them I'm
like you shitting me I've seen hours so
far filming Halloween tutorials and I'm
already like so busy and I'm like
spinning like you know they take me so
much longer the film than just like a
beauty like a makeup tutorial or
something like come on if I wanted to
make quick money I could probably do
tons of different kinds of videos but
this is something I'm passionate about
and just because I'm not perfect and it
doesn't like what everyone starts from
somewhere and I'd like to thank like
every yeah I look back on my previous
year's Halloween tutorials and think you
know I'm getting a little bit better I'm
getting a little bit better no one's
perfect
like straight off the bat of course it's
like millions of other youtubers that
are gonna be bitter it stuffed in me but
I'm learning like to say I'm not putting
any effort that just pisses me off to be
honest but I suppose that's exactly what
they want they just want to piss me off
and it's at that point on this video
where there's like more hater comments
than nice comments and I'm just like who
it's not blocking
hamish got some Bailey's Rose Room
how do you guys like your clearly let's
change the subject
well it's your favorite way to drink
Bailey's Hamish probably with milk with
milk and strong without milk I like it I
like it with Midori Oh what's their shot
ku klux just making their own package on
this place it's just telling them how
everyone's giving me shit yeah
thanks for the views guys thanks we
bought friends it's like a p3 we know he
hasn't done their natures I can't see
how it is just about straight past me
I see how it is Lilly so just come back
home we're just gonna play some games
and stuff we got a couple of packages
this morning which I forgot to show you
guys so I'll show you all right so first
of all it's something from a Karen mural
so this goes for $30 and the color is
called poppy passion that's cute name
from there's the color they're really
nice kind of bright pink then I also got
this little gift bag thing so it looks
like we've got mascara I loves ah it's
such a good affordable brand liquid
eyeliner liquid to powder deep hydration
moisture gel which I need at the moment
cuz my skin is so dry from doing those
Halloween tutorials and some lipsticks
it looks like
what happened Hamish
hey guys so it's that when a Tim and I
just popped a gigantic zit dad I know
but it was like disgustingly huge sorry
I'm just going to get to bed now I feel
a little bit better just taking some
time away from the screen just hanging
out with friends all night had a good
chat played some games played some
PlayStation and played some Ginga
feeling a little bit I'm hoping tomorrow
I wake up and imbed to my usual I don't
give a shit itself usually like hey can
we play I don't even care it's just like
when it seems to be every single like
all night every single bit of like every
second person and then all of the hate
comments get like so many thumbs up as
well like just from all the silent
haters and I'm just like if you don't
like me and if you're just coming to my
video to literally say like you're
copying someone or you're like you're
really bad at this and like you're
special if it's suck it's like I just
don't get it it's like just piss off
just unsubscribe or like come and click
just like on the video or something but
don't like leave mean comments and stuff
like it's so malicious
yeah anyway anyway anyway I need to just
get over it and move on I need to just
remember how I felt the day I filmed
that video and I was so proud of myself
and I really really liked it I remember
that feeling you know what I mean I
haven't removed my eye makeup properly
either cuz I can't be bothered I just
used a face wipe I'm just like I don't
give a fuck I don't know what we're
doing this weekend hopefully my foot
doesn't hurt so much hello I had a look
at it properly tonight and I think
what's happened is I've got like a blood
blister underneath my skin which sounds
really attractive I'm pretty sure that's
what's happening and so the pressure of
it Susu Susu
so so kind of like when you stub your
toe on like a shelf or something and it
throbs it feels like that like every
single time it touches anything in the
slightest amount like even just like
lying down in bed if the back of my foot
is touching the sheets there
I think if it I should go the doctor but
me anyway I'm gonna go now hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and thank you to
those of you who have been like really
nice and sending me nice tweets and
funny tweets and stuff I love you guys
so much
everyone's got down days though and
today was one of mine but I'm sure I'll
feel better tomorrow love you bye
