everyone so I just got back from the gym
it is 10 o'clock it's been a while at
the gym I did cardio and I also did some
leg presses and stuff so today I am
hoping I just got a few packages I'm
hoping one of them is a proper video I'm
doing in collaboration with Alex faction
please subscribe to them if you are not
subscribed yet and you like special
effects makeup please go check out his
channel because he is unbelievable and
basically deserves about 6 million more
subscribers than he has right now so I'm
doing a collaboration with him I hope
that more people will discover him
because people seem to like my Halloween
tutorials his alike
holy amazing so we're doing a
collab and basically gonna be on clowns
and it was really cool idea I was
thinking about it while I was at the gym
so I'm hoping that that is it because I
really want to film it this morning
especially while I have dirty hair which
sounds weird but I'm gonna like curl my
hair really crazy and like tease it and
make it look out there fingers crossed
but yet I am going to make a smoothie
for breakfast today and yep that's my
plate please please please please please
be my problem please be my property uh
two different packages here two and it
arrived yeah I'm gonna make it look more
evil so I'm gonna pick off these sequins
I also got this one because I'm thinking
of doing a really cute one for like a
last minute Halloween idea again this
year already done like one kind of clown
look but I want to do something super
super colorful but we'll see if we get
time for that but I'm definitely gonna
be using this one today I'm so excited
I'm gonna go film I'm like so in the
mood to film it I love it when I'm like
this and another box here what's in this
I don't even know no stuff from maker
cuz minica a soft n James reader can we
talk about that packaging oh my god
awesome thank you mica cosmetic ax so
here's what I'm putting in my smoothie
from protein unsweetened almond milk
blu-rays mango and lots and lots and
lots of spinach by the way this is a
salad spinner and I find when I store my
spinach in here it's crispy yeah cuz you
like store it with a little bit of water
in the bottom it also stays for sure
longer forgot banana too
I'm just doing half a banana squash it
in there actually instead of I'm in milk
I've got a little bit of coconut milk
left over from my curry the other night
so I use this and so you cuz I don't
wanna waste it this is like a dessert
it's so thick tastes amazing like this
literally tastes like frozen yogurt Wow
and that's cuz I put so many blueberries
in if you saw I put it in like double
the amount I normally would I don't know
what I just did it's like ooh bath it
tastes like yo get that is incredible I
think I'm gonna have to recreate this
this would make a really good smoothie
ball to better cut me about there making
you a smoothie ball even though it's
easy oh I really need to shave my legs
and I really need to fake tan as well I
mean to actually film that clown makeup
look before I even have a shower because
my hair's gonna be so crazy that I'll
wash it and it needs to be washed anyway
so it's pretty good timing actually
though that happened I actually don't
know if I'm happy with it like it came
out soy different from what I wanted it
to but I've seen my folks are like five
of my friends and they were like oh my
god it's so good I think my expectations
were too high
my hair's looking stuck together so I'm
gonna go wash my hair lady it the read
doesn't stain my blog I'm freakin by the
way these contexts for an absolute
asshole to get into my eyes and I wake
on deck so yeah it's a really creepy
clown it looks really insane when I go
like this wait wait wait this miss I'm
not even gonna show you your kiss people
get angry at me it's pretty bad and it's
like bloody tissues it really is now
1:40 p.m. so it took a long time I'm
gonna
I'll shower bath shower I'm gonna like
rinse off as much as I can have a bath
soak and then get back in the shower and
scrub it took so long it was like real
stuck to my knee it scrubbed everything
I've still got some makeup room eyes but
I'm just gonna wait till tonight to wash
it off properly because I don't want to
irritate my skin tomorrow I will
definitely not be doing a Halloween
tutorial I could not do that two days in
a row I like sitting them every day I
think I don't even know like how anyway
I need to eat it's almost 3 o'clock so
lunch today is the leftover pasture and
VG's with a little bit
oops sorry Duncan my finger in there and
cheese and then at Granger's so me and
Hamish are now on the way to my auntie's
house she's cooking us dinner tonight
and I show you her chinchilla it's 10:00
to 6:00 and I'm kind of gutted because I
feel like I didn't get as much work done
today as I could have liked that clown
makeup took me so long to film and then
I eat it today mmm but I'm still waiting
for Alex's portion and then I can like
exporter need everything can I don't
know when that's going to be up it'll
just depend what date service to both of
us so it might be up before some of my
other Halloween tutorials luckily most
of the red came out um I hear they still
like a look to hint it's not too
noticeable I was just reading stuff and
that 10 year old boy from Levin was
found dead which is so sad
they haven't said what happened to him
yet but he went missing a few days ago I
think he went missing on Monday and I've
just been following the story on
Facebook and I've just found him good
source or so sad
hey she's been very smoochy considering
I probably smell like a dog
I should parry you're so pretty
excuse me I just ran away text me this
was probably the first time a kid has
been in one of my daily books
this is Piper Turner is that
where's your head do you like your
raisin so cute he is 19 19 years old
oh you're almost as old as me he's hit
pretty slowly savoring it my family
loves motorsport till we outside
Little Miss tripod she's only got three
legs but that doesn't stop her hey she's
good to eat cuz I've got a little white
patch on your chest
she's so cute look at her she's like me
she's that now you have no choice
love us she's like no pie oh you hurt my
feelings
Melanie Tracy made salad and pumpkin and
cottage cheese I say cannelloni pasta me
much bit much look at that look at that
tail he looks getting on the liner hey
so excited
mr. pepper where's your brother huh
crazy theory is what you get into you
not doing my papers on the floor did you
 you fall hi
hey guys I was just editing this vlog
that you're watching right now and I
realized that I forgot to end it I went
to sleep last night without ending it we
finished off watching Wentworth like
we're finished season three we're all up
today was so good but we stayed up
pretty late watching it so once we
finished watching it I must have just
crashed out so I'm sorry I've been
vlogging lots for you today though so
hopefully you will enjoy tomorrow's vlog
this is so weird I'm like speaking from
the future lucky you
