hey guys circuit is currently six or
twenty past six now and admission I
never no way to Wellington because
iconic it's a service and no we're in
public consumers our type of car it's
bringing it so getting I don't know what
I'm gonna blow today I'm sure I'll be
home kind of early anyway today so vlog
later as well it's still like see me doc
outside and like I mean it looks a lot
lighter on the camera than it really is
there is so much traffic right now all
the way traffic still twenty minutes
away and we're 15 minutes lightnings
it's so sunny
we're not sunny it's a really bright but
it's like cloudy at the same time so
we're just outside and we're trying to
find a taxi because we're kind of in
mode nowhere right now and we're
starving so we're going to try and find
a cafe for breakfast so we just went to
rebel sport and got a couple thing and
one of the staff members there got a
photo with me and she was so nice and I
was like I'm sorry I don't have any
makeup on I woke up at like 6:00 a.m.
there's nice to meet you if you're
watching she said that she watches my
blog so it comes a plumber being here
before it's so nice here I just ordered
a trim marker because I need coffee and
so tired
I'm gonna get Florentine and I think
Hamish is getting the plum book so I
ordered fries and I did not realize that
be that big a huge and then here's my
eggs I got egg hollandaise sauce on rye
bread and spinach so we just had my
event burger here sighted
pretty important fit on the trip so
what's her to kill before our carts done
well anyway which guy entered to Papa
yes we have we gave a donation this
number got no points and really
embarrassed to walk in him we're gonna
give them I'm sure we could get out some
money when you guys see these do you
just think of Pokemon because man Hamish
were just saying reminds us of Pokemon
every single time to get the Pokedex oh
yeah captured by to Piper Museum you
should check out Pokemon go that's
coming out next year because I've got so
many questions for there why am I gonna
wear like your neck around and like and
then you say Pokemon as I got a way to
work and then he is ashamed of my future
everyone's gonna be late to school once
we relate to I can't wait it sounds
amazing but I be it'll be way more lame
with innovative sound but check out the
trailer Pokemon go my favourite Booker
there's lots of shots big stingray
here's our New Zealand bed this is a QE
and that's why people call excuse
because it's a national bird I don't
know do you guys know that Kiwis ever
say it's like they know it's New Zealand
later or something quite no there's no
chicken
what is it this furniture a wicket still
little bit a love story than Twilight
Shannon's gonna try and pick up a molten
hot magma cold rock was it heavy do the
next one do that one how much does that
weigh like your clothes shop owner
clothing shops are in a moment
you're changing rooms you just you're
throwing away so there's no one's gonna
bind either anyway just work out with a
piece of inner core
hey mesh that dinosaurs almost as old as
you know it's not kidding so currently
the same GPS that nice users here and
what they actually found out by a couple
months ago was seconds as a torch
dolphin technology those dolphin towards
us you know gave them MOA
look at its oh that the footprint
was found a pants turnoff yep army me
where mom gets me a chocolate bar at the
supermarket gave a dummy it kind of
looks like a dinosaur version of Lily
the cards done so we're gonna go get it
now back near use you and the son baby
huh Oh what's this this is how he knows
he's been Morty what a huge Sony was it
so funny
what on is this me to be a really good
game yeah this is really good how do you
get into it I don't want to break
anything but this is like I can smell
another dog
do I smell funny no it's mine
people always say why don't you give
toys to Zeus because he's not as
obsessed with them as loius and Zeus
likes other toys like so so like try to
get it off him in that Ted's game he
doesn't actually care about having the
toy I'm not like trying to leave him out
or anything don't worry he's perfectly
happy at easiest like yes noisy does
anyone elses dogs do that cuz there's
stripes me me and told he doesn't all
the time in the morning when the
couriers come he's like I am a
Rottweiler
and I'm like no you're not man you make
it tutorial is up the perfect makeup for
photo ID and I even put in a little
picture of what my passport came out
like as well if you want to see Louie
has ripped himself up in my skull Louie
what's going on look guys I'm wearing
matching socks for once my skin is SOI
flashes super super hot can we just talk
about how crazy all of these University
three all right now like otah go first
what was that a shooting threat and in a
bomb threat I think it was in Victoria
University now Missy University's just
received threats like five minutes ago
my aunty waits at Macy's oh just misses
should she she's okay and I'm like holy
crap this is not okay this is kind of
scary my husband's I'm kind of excited
because I gotta sell it bigger from
Burger King I also got these things from
mecca's they're like cheesy chili things
apparently I don't know her we'll try
one jalapeno isn't it they kind of blend
so me and my friends have made an
Instagram page like a joint one we're
all gonna post to it called EBI Expo
which is the same as our Facebook
private group some of you guys may be in
it some of you guys may be in the
waiting line cuz yeah it's pretty long
this like 9,000 people waiting that
we've just made this like public page
and we're gonna be like reposting our
members and just business photos like we
did want to like the new to freestyle
stuff coming out soon
when we get new products we'll do like
swatches and stuff oops
just everything makeup beauty you
fashion-related like just still lots of
information new releases and then
helping you guys find new people to
follow so if you want to follow our page
it is just called EBI x oh and yeah
there's like six of us working on it so
hopefully it'll be updated quite
frequently as well we're just lying in
bed watching wentworth I think we're
gonna watch a movie now but I'm gonna
leave you guys twist now it's gonna
relax the rest of the night I'm so tired
from like waking up Billy I can't even
talk properly I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I will talk to you
hopefully tomorrow bye
