hey guys so I'm just making some juice
and also we're going to have some cereal
for breakfast just got back from the gym
I just did like cardio today like
running cat walking and climbing stuff
and today I don't think I'm gonna film I
think I'm gonna take a day to edit and
do some more vague so beauty works they
still haven't finished I've got some
stuff after check off and I really
really really want to hopefully clean my
beauty room if I get some time I'll see
how much it is thing I get through first
because I've kind of got a lot to do so
my cereal I'm mixing these two together
again cuz it tastes really good I'm
having imma milk and then some of this
coconut yogurt why are you swinging your
legs like that breakfast got a couple
packages here so I'll open them here so
we have some churros more colors
oh hi drumettes okay let's open these so
here are the three colors they are
called invasion ecstasy and immortal so
pretty and then we also have something
here from Puma some stuff that premier
has done with London branch swash swash
consists of reduce wear pieces made with
beautiful materials their whimsical
nature based hand-drawn illustrations
serving as at the standout feature of
their designs inspired by depictions of
rare flora and fauna and early European
Natural History their drawings are
technically precise and logically absurd
so thank you prema I am loving that
stuff they're missing me last time
especially those workout pants they are
incredibly comfortable like I really
want to buy myself a few more pairs look
at this t-shirt I am obsessed know that
all the animals polar bears
loving it the pattern this is a really
cute jumper it's got low like orange
lips down the side nice big biggie um it
looks really comfortable so I've just
been taking some eye selfies I'm wearing
this new covergirl mascara and Alana and
not like this is focusing on me right
now
excuse my foundation I just put it on
for the photo it doesn't want me at all
it's like I'm wearing a mask anyways I'm
just having leftovers for lunch I don't
know what's made for dinner tonight
five
decide oh and I've also got some juice
so I hit mr. I don't know how this is
possible but this fruit is tasting even
better today than it did last night just
tastes amazing today oh it is 4:30 and I
only just finished doing emails
it is yesterday's vlog and it is hit one
more Halloween tutorial that four-eyes
one I'm so exhausted now could it do
something so beauty work I'm so sorry
about watch much today I've just been so
busy still getting emails as I've
decided for tonight because it is 20 to
6 I'm just gonna make a quick pasta and
do some brown pasta with just like a
tomato sauce I guess I might do some
like beans and peas inside its angel I
saw you you good you're so weird
yes you are Jesus so I've got some pasta
sauce which I won't use all of that but
I'll use the whole can of tomatoes a
little bit of that and then some garlic
onion brown rice pasta peas beans
spinach and I also found these at the
supermarket have no idea what they are
going to taste like maybe a soy so it's
not the kind of thing I would eat very
often but I was just very intrigued to
see what that would taste like so I'll
give them a go I just realized that
these are in sauce though so I guess I
don't need this I'll probably just do
some tomato because I love chunky
tomatoes they are the best ever
everything cooking excuse my oven it is
a filthy mix I need to clean it but yeah
I've just got everything cooking and a
little bit of oil and garlic I just
added in the tomatoes as well looks so
good there it is I did some spinach and
as well I'm just on the paid Alexander
website at the moment because I really
want a new pair of PJ's oh my gosh look
at these ones may zoom there we go oh my
god this side here
why get a couple things and then when it
arrives I'll show you what I chose this
website is not letting me pay
like it's just not working so there is a
fail I've liked try paper try credit
card and it's not going there oh swear
every day the true Boston gets prettier
and prettier don't mind my dying tree
but wait I've got to show you something
can you see what I can see apart from
the big mess of weed can you see that
there is a lemon
I'm so proud I'm gonna do a face mask
environment I just wanted to say I'm
reading your comments on yesterday's
video and all of your like spirit
stories and ghost stories and stuff so
crazy and sometimes sounds horrifying
I'm not gonna lie someone asked if I
believe in aliens I don't really believe
in aliens is in like big grey and green
creatures but I reckon that's definitely
life out there like we can only see such
a small amount of the universe and I
think it's pretty selfish to think that
the earth is the only sign of life there
is in the entire like you know universe
I hope we can find life on a different
planet before I die because that would
be so cool
they might look identical to us they
might look completely different or even
are just crazy to think about so many
possibilities I've wiped off all my
makeup because I didn't see it with
powder
hell just put on my Eisenberg Paris mask
purif n't people love this I'm actually
gonna check out what other skin care
products this range carries as well
because I love this so much it's very
expensive though express it every time I
talk about those poses don't want people
to be like okay I'll go buy it and they
get angry at me because it's expensive
someone got real angry at me on its trim
today because I use like making stuff
that were like you know people can't
afford that bla bla bla I like to like
try and use a balance of high-end and
drugstore but it means the day I'm gonna
use what I like look at this oil dog
there are leaks for days let me it's
time to wake up Tony let's go let's go
up you get you guys should try these
mints this so good me and Hamish are
loving them ah Hamish it's so bright I
almost forgot to say
good night good night then if a clock
