every one so I just got home from the
German and grocery shopping and I'm just
about to make a smoothie I went out and
got some like fruit and veg and stuff so
today's smoothie I'm gonna have mixed
berries mango I'm gonna use up a little
bit more of this because there's some
leftover banana coconut water and
spinach wow that's very very very
bearish but a couple of packages here
too so I'll show you what's inside all
right so we've got two things here
if the supersize leche Baz which I've
heard amazing things about and the
intensify me eyeliner like have a go and
in the MEC bag MEK nificent me hahaha a
bit of Chi this is an embargoed fry
available Oktoberfest
so that's today we have here a nice
little orangey kind of eye shadow color
this one is called cheer me on
we have whoops a blush and this one here
is called a little lusty and then this
MAC lipstick which I am so excited to
see what this is like the packaging is
really nice it's like nice packaging
like rubbery and it is called own the
look it's a nice vampy purple and then
these other two other products what's
this like whoa sorry pigmented so is
that super super pigmented and then that
is the formulation of that lipstick it's
super super opaque and creamy and super
pigmented I am definitely gonna buy
myself some more of these because you
guys know how much of a lipstick edit I
am love love love so I'm just sitting
down and having my smoothie before I
have a shower I'm hoping to film today
if the Lighting's good so I have to
check once I finish my shower but I'm
just sending up this video to go up to
day so by the time you're watching this
video this video here will be up so go
check it out and write a comment and say
let's have a secret word incorporate the
word banana into a comment and it'll be
our little secret
am i right so say I'm going to be
filming a fall here and may not look
like a really simple but effective fall
hair and makeup I asked you guys what
kind of looks you wanted to see on
Twitter so I'm taking a few of the
suggestions and kind of merging them
into one for you
I'm gonna use this as well this is the
new me Magus stops the pink one my room
touch me as I still haven't cleaned it I
really really need to hit times I've
just been like filming and then editing
and then life hello people so I finished
filming I changed the look color just
now because I filmed the fall favorites
tag funnily enough it's not fall here
you couldn't pick up on that but I've
been tagged by multiple youtubers and
you guys have been tweeting me like
absolute crazy asking for it so I have
filmed err I'm not sure when it'll go
out because I've got lots of coloring
tutorials to go up and stuff I haven't
eaten lunch yet it is 2:15 and I'm
starving so I'm gonna go eat something I
made soup I kind of feel like soup I
look like a trout I'm hemming this soup
which have a new way of a try before it
is cream rad coconut and lemongrass and
beetroot and kale and spinach juice yes
that looks disgusting but hopefully it
won't be mister me gross
it's okay look how pretty how cherry
blossom tree is now they're like I feel
like it's blossomed so much more in the
last few days compared to last time I
showed you and now it looks really
really healthy like I thought it was
kind of hot deed but it looks really
really good now look okay I made this
herb it smells so good
it tastes kind of like Thai green curry
mixed with cream Reds so good
how you doing in the Sun yeah come
picados pie is good
that's weird why don't you want to go
over there there are ghosts over there
huh so this is like don't joke about
that that's one of the random topics
someone left yesterday or the day before
yesterday by the time you're watching
this but it was like talk about your
paranormal and ghost experiences and
I've never ever had one to be honest the
closest I've gotten is sometimes our
radio turns itself on for no reason but
I'm pretty sure that's just a technical
year you guys ever had any like scary
experiences if you have you should
comment down below because I want ever
read of them get creeped up it interests
me do I believe in ghosts I think so
I mean I've talked to people that are
like 100 percent certain throughout my
life that they've seen things which is
crazy and it blows my mind cuz I never
have badan are kind of unsettling to
think about why are you so obsessed with
me Louis watching my neighbor do some
gardening at yeah
hmm you watching the neighbor making
sure he's not getting up to any mischief
I am so got it by the way I just took
off my eyelashes a few wondering where
my makeup looks weird
I'm sorry gutted I just realized I
accidentally deleted all of my bloopers
clips so now I basically I'm screwed
I've got a few that I've just found that
I hit so many and I've lost them all I'm
going to make quinoa and maybe some
pinning carrying vegetables for dinner I
need to wipe off my makeup it's looking
tragic sorry I had to miss my friend and
ask her how to cook quinoa because I
don't know how to cook quinoa one cup
quinoa 2 cups water bring to the boil in
turn it down let it simmer with the lid
on sweet sounds pretty straightforward
hopefully I can't screw it up so I just
thoroughly rinsed a cup of quinoa now
I'm gonna add 2 cups over water
I think it's crossways out I'm also just
gonna do a few sugar snap peas and the
green beans as well before I cut these
up I'm just going to start the curry
hello so that's cooking for a while then
I'm adding a tiny bit of peanut butter
not much I can't taste it and I have to
hold my nose right now so I can't smell
it because it smells really and that's
dinner hmm no but right so I'm uploading
yesterday's vlog I just finished editing
and it is at 7:30 3 8 p.m. so I'm gonna
go get rid of a beard I want to watch
more Wentworth I tried this last night
and it's actually pretty good
the trilogy makeup be going cleansing
balm it's probably not gonna focus or
they're going bomb and I just rub it all
over my face
sexy we just appreciate the makeup that
comes off and then movers oil this is
super good for dry skin aging skin in
disguise like acne scars and things I'm
trying this to face cuz Selyse is good
it's not a little baby good Haymitch
made me green tea I'm still playing
alphabet a I'm stuck on this liberal
liberal 67 only just passed level 66 the
other day it took me like a week so
Hamish and I just finished season 2 of
Wentworth it's pretty good
do your nose better than the first
season yeah yeah no it's different
different though both good but
apparently season 3 is the best
so we will soon see it's like what's the
time it's like 12:30 or something it
right now in the morning and I don't
know
yeah we should go to bed you guys should
definitely watch it if you haven't seen
it yet yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I will hopefully talk
to you tomorrow
good night
