good morning everybody today Hamish
Syd go get ready let's go to town go
ahead a shower because I've just been
lying on the couch to the past like
three hours watching YouTube it's 20 to
12 and yeah we've decided that we should
probably do something with our lives
today instead of just being lazy I don't
know what we're doing all I know is that
we are running out of dog food so we
need dog food just watch me here I've
got no feet turn on set up way too late
last night watching wing with I think
we've watched another like three
episodes in true season 2 it is so good
I love it so far yeah I'm just gonna put
on some makeup quickly just some light
makeup I don't really feel like doing
too much but I feel like putting on
something I don't know what's up with
this eyebrow this eyebrows growing up so
well from the revita brow like amazing
this one's getting it a little bit in
here I wanted to get thicker but like
all in here is really really really
thick so I think I need to concentrate
it here more and down there so I have
the Charlotte Tilbury full of fit lashes
of what it's called yeah full fit lashes
mascara which I mentioned in my
favorites video fumin seen it yet to
face light chocolate bronzer and in the
charlotte tilbury geo highlight and
contour on my lips is a mixture of milk
shake buy in astana typically hills and
the other pale one pure Hollywood I
think my brows are just Loreal brow
plumper and that's all off and the
foundation I'm wearing is tutti fabulous
employers and shade one and then I use
the elf pressed powder where is it I'm
here of mineral priest foundation and
light so now I'm just gonna go do my
hair quickly a movie off and it's 12
o'clock now and I'm starving
I need to eat my neighbor's or bed right
now I mean Hamish were like sound so it
would be like play fighting in the
lounge
this morning they tickled me and I tried
to crawl away to give myself like a rec
bin then so so turned my head the spine
and these people are asking like what I
used to turn my head I really turn it I
have been using once again it L'Oreal
shampoo looks like this so it's got
showers scum on it I've also been using
my revitalize religiously again and it's
definitely kicked in long lashes and my
hair done yeah they're nice and bright
again and
yellow hello my old friend we're getting
some subway for lunch I'm so hungry yeah
I got tomato lettuce lots of gherkins
and capsicum and cheese was the cheese
there it is
next stop for the puppies we need to get
them some ears too
these ones here are their favorite and
they like oh those thing like those
where they feel strips puppy food we
having these balls emitter balls of nets
and why should we never look up it was
there that's not a ball a ball it's huge
but there's another one crazy I got some
stuff for my ferry look so much fun
Hamish family he found the little
flowers I can't show you
Bethel that'd be good for my pretty
fairy look where's all the other
youtubers but I suppose this is the kids
I'll woo I love Miranda sings oh there's
Connor Franta spook are there any other
youtubers I think that's it look it's
how favorite Hamish I'll get you a large
print one cuz you're old we always go to
the black Poage on Broadway and we get
original milk tape and it's the best so
we went to the warehouse we go here's
the stuff I'll show you what we got
later head like buy one get one half off
on board games
and then we went to have enormous and we
found this like bluetooth converter
thing so you can make hook it up to your
speaker's like just your normal speakers
that you'd normally plug it into your
phone and you can like make it blow too
so you can control the speaker's from
like across the bottom yeah yeah we're
just going to go to the fishing shop
when Hamish was a teenager Hemnes
friends used to blow up an inflatable
boat take some beers and go down the
river for the day they just float along
and so he wants to go get a bar so you
can do it again with his friends
so the fishing and water places gone has
been the fishing place for like I don't
know how many years yeah and then the
one time we decide to go I wouldn't
either go to a fishing shop I got I come
to go here and I was just like eh you
same yesterday I have just been so tired
like yes at 7:00 I was like falling
asleep but then luckily I got reeling to
Wentworth and then working out again
we're gonna watch some more than that
tonight we're like addicted to it and
you guys keep telling me that season 3
is amazing like season 1 was so good I
don't know how it's even gonna like get
better but apparently it does hopefully
yeah just been so tired today
oh yeah I feel like I need like a nap
button on I really shouldn't
I hate having that because it always
makes me sleep or a weird at nighttime
nobody ever they'd to break this Hamish
no I am ice to roll it all the time with
my friends house so affordable I've been
there for uh it's like pretty good food
or like if you just won't like me shit
for not only there is a couple salads
about nachos
I've got like meat meals like steak uh
just like everything it's like a cell
house but cheaper by the way it's people
asking if we bought a car you know we
haven't we still don't really know what
we're doing so we're obviously gonna
wait we're not just gonna like rush into
anything and just go blowing like
thousands of dollars for no reason and
did you miss me did you miss me I might
have got something for you full of board
games where's the other bug in the Sun
in the Sun even the Sun the Halloween
toy they are going to go apeshit
do you like it do you like it so we got
Romeo gets her ten games like checkers
chess pick up sticks
Cluedo we've got Pie Face for a video
he's gonna look better the VHS
yes um selfie stick for me cuz I lost my
one and then my stuff for my very
Halloween tutorial would you put his
face you need it or not and they embed
it ships - I was buy one get one half
off oh and we go jingoes guys look at my
carpet burn so still feel sorry for me
or you go covered really niche I don't
even going was your fault
they're so spoil look in your basket of
toys okay
look at the leaves none of them squeak
anymore cuz you broke them all someone's
made a very good friend haven't ya
he made a good friend hey Zeus hey guys
I just spent the last couple hours
editing and doing some thumbnails so I
thought I'd show you a sneak peek of
what thumbnails I just did so I've got
another makeup look for pale skin coming
my 4 eyes makeup look although I suspect
I'm going to get a lot of hate for
copying other youtubers because someone
else's has gone like super viral at the
moment but as we know I actually film
mine on the same day I just haven't
uploaded it yet I don't know when it's
gonna go up I think I'm gonna do one
tomorrow but I might do that stapled lip
which is there and then I also did this
thumbnail for my evil spirit very evil
theory ok you will bury and then just my
vlog ones I think that's all it coming
I've got ah and that one there I've also
got a whole video that him and edited
yet Denton and my passport makeup I
think I'm gonna put up on Wednesday
sorry it's been a while I just have been
uploading other stuff before this I
don't know but I know a few of you are
waiting for it so hopefully you like it
and my Japanese candy video which I
think I'm going to save until maybe
after Halloween or like near Halloween I
don't know we'll see how we go I thought
I would answer some of your like random
questions and like random topics and
stuff too now that's just super super
dry right now someone said what start
signing you do you even read your
astrology I'm a Leo and I was actually
reading it the other day and everything
it says about me is spot-on but really
know if I agree I mean I don't know I
believe in like astrology stuff I don't
know I haven't really looked into it
enough to like educate myself all I know
is one of my old principals at school
used to write horoscopes is like
previous job and he said he literally
just like made it up and they're all so
vague that everything kind of applies to
everyone if that makes sense so who
knows do you have the same post maybe
every day because you get tons of
packages do you think he loves his job I
get I think we have like three or four
different post days from different
companies didn't even like what Postal
Service it is but they all know us well
now at this stage at first they were
like what are you buying
like kind of complicated they probably
still think that we're nuts I don't know
why do you like make up how are you so
good at it like able to constantly
devote to it I dunno like I just find
makeup really fun I'm really into
creative things I always loved art and
drawing and painting and photography and
all that kind of stuff growing up and at
first I used to use makeup just to kind
of like cover myself because I was very
insecure and I used to get bullied for
my appearance a lot but they obviously
evolved into me just being like in love
with makeup and now it's just all about
the creativity like I just love having
fun with my makeup
changing it up obviously whoa Louie just
like whipped across the couch also it's
obviously like obviously it makes me
feel great as well like I feel really
empowered and confident when I am
wearing makeup
I still feel fine without it but I like
to be able to the ability mind I'm
trying to have a serious conversation
here whoa oh oh you're on my gravy isn't
here to cuddle in a while how I got good
at it obviously
practice makes perfect if you watch my
early videos hop down if you watch my
early videos on YouTube I was not
amazing at makeup at all it's definitely
just one of those things like the more
you practice the better you get I'm just
so happy it's my job because it's
something I absolutely love to do and I
don't know I love it I have not watched
jenna marbles video on avocados yet but
I must I definitely must sock sock shoe
shoe or socks your socks your very
important that's from Tiffany parades I
am definitely a sock sock shoe shoe girl
if you ever checked your thyroid hormone
if you feel weak sometimes it can be due
to a hormonal dysfunction
I actually am getting tested for that
soon my doctor wants to test it this is
really off topic boom in love with your
nose from Maria Salazar sorry if I
pronounced that wrong thank you so much
I have like a love-hate relationship
with my nose I actually love the shape
of my nose but I hate how it's like
almost slant like it goes like look so
it looks different from both sides of my
face so I stole and seriously
considering a nose job one day to like
straighten it up and just get a really
little bit out of that lump
cuz I like the way it looks from the
front apart from Paco's sideways and if
you're wondering why my nose is like
that my dog headbutt
be like really hot hot little I loved my
dog
her name was tinker and she was Asian
minding grenades dog and she was the
sweetest dog in the entire world I loved
her with all my heart she got hit by a
truck a few years ago yeah she was the
love of my life and you know she was my
dog I grew up with totally she's left a
part of herself with me I'm kidding yeah
if you nee of you have ever had like a
nice job feel free to write your
experience down in the comments and
please no hate like obviously I'm doing
this for myself
and it's my own choice Jenna and I'd
love to hear your opinion on the whole
changing the New Zealand flag debate I'm
Pro change but I'd love to hear your
opinion on it from Tory Henson and thank
you for commenting ally we see your
comments I am actually Pro change as
well unpopular opinion right here so
many people are saying oh my god it's
such a waste of money the money could be
spent so I made like bitter ways which
it definitely could I'm not disagreeing
with that at all but whether we like it
or not we're putting this money into
like you know the mail outs and
everything like and it's costing so much
money it's because they're giving us the
choice to vote no there's a lot of money
going into actually giving us an opinion
so at the end of the day at least we are
getting a say in it it's a lot of money
and it's a stupid yeah it's a stupid
amount of money that could be spent on
so many bit of things but on the flip
side I think it is such a good idea to
have a different flag like if we are
going down this path because our current
flag I don't know I just don't feel like
it represents us the best as it could I
would really love to see like a silver
fern or something on our flag let us
think about our sports teams and
everything you see other countries now
actually have like their emblem or their
flag like on their uniform like on their
sport uniform whereas New Zealand it's
like we have silver things on how
uniform we don't have our flag people
always compare our flags or like get
confused with like Australia New Zealand
Flags like they look so similar and it
annoys me a little bit because we are
different countries I do really really
like the colors of the whole like
composite cord it's just like finished
out of my hair to the Union flag I'm
googling it cuz I've completely
forgotten what it is you know but anyway
I do like that idea as well I like the
colors so I feel like we can definitely
do better and like put a little bit of
modern New Zealand into our flag and I
know a lot of
poor diet and our old flag but I do
think you know like they died for us and
they died for freedom and they died for
us to have choices and things and I
think this is like a positive step
forward especially if it's something
like you know still with burn or
something like it really represents us
Peter I don't know that's my opinion
everyone's got a different opinion I
know most people would just never keep
it as it is but I know I'm the kind of
person that embraces change and thinks
it's like a healthy thing to do and I
just realized heli bed my makeup is up
like wiped at all
anyway it's
anyway with the light on you the
blowback
I'm gonna go rinse this off and go to
sleep and watch the races maybe talk
watch the rest of this episode fairest
guys all the way today's vlog uncle
tomorrow
