everyone I don't really know what's
happening with my hair I should have
washed it this morning but I can be
bullish just got like tied up in a bun
or something today but I don't know what
I'm doing today it's Saturday
Hamish has the day off I don't know what
we are going to do together at the
moment he's playing some Tetris I've
just been chilling on the couch with him
for the past like hour and a half mean
stupid lazy
I haven't even eaten today or anything
I'm not even hungry I don't know what's
up with that
so I just thought I'd sleep on a little
bit of makeup because I feel super tired
and I feel like I look super tired I
might actually want to go into town or
something today and I don't want to look
like a zombie so I'm gonna do that I
need to buy some SD cards because I
broke one of mine and I've got two lifts
and they keep getting full of so fast
with all like videos I've been filming
everything and I love this lip color it
is an associate beverly hills lovely
liquid lipstick so it's a really simple
oh why do I look muddy on camera I just
got mascara on I use the collection does
it all mascara and then I've just used
benefit gimme brow is that what it's
called like the little brow mascara
that's all I've got on my eyebrows the
covergirl Ready Set gorgeous and 105
because my fake tans almost gone and
then I have the nice loose powder to
step it on top and then I've got a
little bit of two-faced light chocolate
bronzer Charlotte Tilbury film star
Joerg like contour and highlight Joey
and I've used the highlighter from there
plus a little bit of in a saucy of
Beverly Hills starlight on my cheekbones
not in my blush is melon pop by Clinique
a my hair is like a disaster right now
so man Hamish you're playing poyo poyo
Tetris and if you have a Playstation you
should buy it it's so fun you just have
to learn like what are the options mean
if you can't read Japanese it's really
really fun it's like poyo poyo
what is what even is the proper name of
poyo poyo like it's normal to eat rest
and then the little like dots you mean
well of course normal for me okay
main beam machine well these ones are
boring are like this level that's the
poor boy over there
it's really really really fun easy is it
fun nice
me doing hey man hey mister just about
scotf lunch but i just got a package
it's a nail care kit
well that smooth nail kit this looks
interesting my nails are being
lately as you guys know me and Hamish
have just hopped into town to get some
lunch we gotta go get some Japanese food
it's really sunny and then we're gonna
go get some SD cards and probably get
back home and just chill out for the day
Hamish puts the worst part cuz both of
the people on either side of the car
like pot really bad
we're like squeezed in one peer
imaginary friend we're at wabi-sabi look
how cute this is and seaweed salad which
is like my fav thing in green tea we
found this it's like a waterproof ue
boom speaker we've got the normal one
but this one's like a little one so
we're gonna take it to the beach and
stuff we got another package yeah yeah
oh my goodness I am so excited they
smell so good already yeah candle crash
just one more cookie Jamaican me crazy
these fruits are made for walking and
like a kid in a candy store like a kid
in a candy store
mmm smells kind of like sure a bit or
something smells good and then these
fruits are made for walkin smells really
fresh like what fruits
this one is Jamaican me crazy oh my or
smells like coconut kind of smells like
coconut sunscreen like not like
sunscreen but you know that coconutty
sunscreen light smells like summer it
smells really good and then just one
more cookie mm-hmm smells like cookies
and cream ice cream thanks good candle
crash yeah Sally called a tease and I
was jealous they just turned off from my
house I don't know there's a horse
running look at him go so cute I've just
come to take the dogs for a walk it's
the perfect day like it is a slow
and there's like almost no way and I got
him up and down the hills boy what are
you doing hello
having fun they like the sand squishy
like splash splash yo trial
if anyone drink it never does but no I'm
fine buzzers
hmm yeah clean officers he's like I am
in the water
everybody look at me so you shake off
next to me go away sometimes Louie goes
in quite deep which is weird in the AIDS
water
Google Valencia Feldman June I mean see
this looks really funny when he's got
weight leagues cuz they go ropes then
and then his tummy still looks fat and
he's got a little chicken legs
what slowly doing out there Lily Lou
what are you doing his eye none of your
business
Aaron aha
we went all the way down to the road day
as you guys saw and the dogs look pretty
tired down I think I might edit
yesterday's video do a little work know
what we're gonna do so I probably just
have a chill one such nice day he sees
this is what he doesn't he's tired he
just like walks straight behind your
feet alright alright just pet him like a
boy it's good you tuck it out hmm
you tie it I'm about half an hour ago I
finished it is in use today's video the
time is 5 o'clock just I just went to
the supermarket and cut some snacks for
dinner because I don't feel like eating
a meal me and Hamish just felt like a
little bit of crackers and cheese and
stuff so that's what I'm doing and I
also picked this up vegetarian cheese
pizza bread so believe it or not but
these are one of my favorite foods or
right now I love artichokes they're so
so so so so delicious so healthy I'm so
angry at myself
I forgot my camembert like what who does
that
since are you doing
we're playing what's this what's this
game who's it for I think why do I think
this is a lot Moses
guys look can you see this I got
something it doesn't hurt at all it
doesn't even feel hot but it is
definitely a sunburn right there I'm
terrible I should have won sunscreen I
don't know why I didn't actually that
was incredibly stupid of me
why is he so Moody just wants unlimited
attention like cuddle me why Louie never
look at this so I have a vlog tonight
we've just been watching Wentworth we
just finished the first season it was so
good
like this is one of my favorite shows
and the ending was so good I'm not gonna
ruin it for you guys but yeah it's
definitely worth a watch I was like so
shocked and it was so badass I was like
yeah we're just going to continue
watching a few more episodes and then
hit two beard I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I will be doing some of
those like random topic things maybe
tomorrow or the next day I was just
chilling out today so I am gonna start
doing it though of course like I said
last night yeah I hope you guys have a
good day I'll talk to you tomorrow FLE
bye
