did you get a carrot Louie that's not
yours
having juice for breakfast that just
looked delicious not really good morning
from the gym a little while ago and
today I'm going to film probably a doc
fairy look using that like home thing
you know I just really really really
want to with it keep peace okay so I
think I'm gonna film it this morning and
then it it today and yeah we'll see what
happens
I'm having some cereal as well I've just
mixed these two together again the Goya
raw apple cinnamon and granola
maybe Damien berries we have some mail
so this is occuring murals must act in
store October 2015
here's some information on the lipsticks
and then this is what it looks like and
then it's in more packaging really
really pretty and I think these are like
some bracelets and then there's two
lipsticks there is number 12 and number
13 so it's number 13 and number 12
really really pretty colors so this is a
lemon and ginger and some water
well there's strong that's a lot of
ginger in there by the way if you do
this make sure you brush should like do
it before you brush your teeth because
of the acid you do lemon you need to
yeah brush your teeth while after when
it's not just not damage your teeth we
got some new pixi by petra stuff what is
it Oh concealing concentrates
brightening peach correction concealer
nourishing cleansing balm picks the
stuff in here natural contour powder
another lipstick move what else
Rose oil rose hip oil a pomegranate yes
that sounds good Jeju and what is this a
brow pencil thank you
I've been looking forward to try it more
because remember I did that um lip
swatch video with this brand of lips
notes they see me a whole bunch so I did
a lip swatch video and I really really
like them they're nice and Hydra
so I'm really looking forward to trying
some other stuff especially a concealer
what the packaging looks like so this is
what the concealer packaging looks like
it's really cute like the green it's
different
no so that's something from Bobbi Brown
loving this bag so I got this eyeshadow
palette from Bobbi Brown and it is the
gray star in eye palette they look good
I'm not the smartest necklace it's a
really pretty kind of like glaze color
reminds me of the the Tom Ford trio that
he used to do here's everything that's
in the collection this looks amazing I
want to get that those look really
pretty too like that one um face
highlight is liquid face highlighter gel
eyeliner and lip color or I don't really
know where this comes into the mix
though it's so weird anyway here's
everything else maybe this is completely
different
I don't know so I used skylights to
cover my eyebrows because I forgot to
buy a glue stick basically it worked
pretty to be honest I feel like if
I used a glue stick it would have been a
lot smoother but me whatever I still
really like how it came out and I feel
really kind of greasy looking eyelid if
you can see that it's really like slimy
and like sticky like I used this like
MEK sticky product to make it look
really greasy and runny and then I did
things like veiny things under my eyes
black lips and then like a jewel cream
highlighter it's not perfect but I like
it and I'm wearing that head crown that
what am i subscribe to see me and then
that wig with the black roots and I
touched the fringe away because it has a
fringe I didn't realize yeah I like how
it came out I think it's really pretty
so this is my doc fairy look and then
I'm also gonna do a look probably with
the paint quick just like a pretty free
look because that was also really
Hollywood stage this was really highly
requested as well like a dark fairy
kinda looks so this is my take on it I
just kind of like made it up as I went
but I really liked the flight brows I
wish I could have flat eyebrows like
every single day because I'm obsessed
with how they look better last
I'm just making some look how cool this
is sorry I was just like oh my phone at
the same time it's really cool I'm just
making some avocados mine on toast for a
quick lunch gonna put up an Instagram
and then I'm trying to read through my
make up really really quickly just some
light makeup go get my nails done I've
booked in with a different lady today
because my nail lady is off at the
moment just on some leave my now is a
sore bed like I want to show you them
close-up so you can see how terrible
they look they are I don't know what's
happened I don't know how it happened
these are these ones that once snapped
that one's broken all the way down there
they're growing out they just look bad
that one peeled off similar story on
this side they are basically at this
point season avocado on toast please
spinach and some potato this is not
there I mean you could put the table on
there you if you want if that floats
your boat you know it's up to you at the
end of the day lunch oh I need something
keeper tada
salt and pepper goodness it's so funny
because you know how I like watching
PewDiePie
I got me sometimes like I don't comment
on every single video i watch but i try
to come in most the time cuz you know
it's just so funny like the stuff that
people reply to you especially on
PewDiePie's channel because he's so
popular he gets all the trolls and i'm
like i don't even know what's happening
okay I'm like walking so this is really
really shaky but hopefully you can see
they're like a really like nude pink
with silver glitter is so pretty
oh I'm super zoom in I just finished
editing yesterday's vlog so I hope you
liked it
cuddling up to Kelly he loves that thing
this is so the time is currently like
12:30 at night / morning I guess I
haven't vlogged
like all night because my friends have
come over one of my friends I've been
seen in ages has come over cuz he's got
a really random job where he works
random days so like we all don't get to
hang out as often as we normally do and
then Kelly came over as well
Jon's here Hamish is here obviously so
I've just had like a whole night just
chilling out and chatting and we've been
playing games that we've just been
playing a boggle we played a trooper
suit we play that one finish
oh love footage if you've never played
footage you have to try it I just feel
like real bad like because I've just
been so busy doing like work stuff I
haven't had anything interesting to like
talk about I feel so I was thinking I
would like introduce something in my
vlogs because I do read my comments
every single day until I start seeing
the main comments in there I kind of
like stop looking at my comments because
you know just puts you in a bad mood
sometimes I was thinking what I would do
is introduce like a daily random topic
where at least if I say just like most
days I will talk about a random topic
you guys want me to talk about so like
if you want to leave a comment down
below
um just a random thing you want to hear
me talk about anything at all it could
be frogs it could be an artist it could
be a genre of music it could be a planet
a city in the world it could be a
question that you want to know the
answer to just anything at all he comes
Louie
come see however Hamish is calling me
he'll be like wishing him gone is she
going to be because they still probably
gonna be up for a while so I'm going to
come in here and like talk to you guys
for a minute before I forgot and fell
asleep later you know like I did the
other night
yeah like leave a random question or a
random topic down below and then every
day when I can't think of anything till
I talk about my vlogs will show you or
anything from having a quiet day if I'm
having a busy day got something to talk
to you guys about and I feel like
that'll keep my vlogs a little bit more
interesting as well because it will
always be something you know you can
hear my opinion on whatever pace to
always do random topic blogs on this
channel if you want to go check them out
they're really really old like they're
from probably three years ago or
something where people would leave me
random topics like they'd be like
dinosaurs Bobby's Mars and chocolate and
I'd like talk about these random topics
so it kind of like flow into new
conversation it's like it was quite
interesting like I don't know
just kidding um what else also if you
guys want me to follow you on twitter
feel free to tweet me sing me a
screenshot from this video somewhere
preferably not a really ugly one you go
I'll give you the perfect opportunity
for an ugly one
no but seriously see me a screenshot of
this video or any other video let me
know that you're watching no follow some
of you guys also my doctor wants to read
here's to me for b12 again and iron
again because my energy is just gone
like downhill all of a sudden so I'll
probably go get another blood test in
the next week or two or three I don't
know whenever I get some time I'm so
busy so yeah I hope you guys enjoy
today's like I'm so sorry let me have to
vlog much like all I did today was good
up went to the gym filmed that video
which I'm so happy with how it came out
and sorry if you guys did see me such
nice comments about it and everyone's
like oh my gosh I really like it can't
we have the tutorial so you know I'll
probably put that up after the other
ones I've already filmed but I generally
have it up
well before holding for you guys then I
went and got my nails done because I was
desperate you guys saw how terrible my
nails were which I really really like
these they look super super super like I
don't know they just look super
reflective and like metallic I really
like it by the way what she did on my
nails was just like a nerd bag
and then pitch like a real chunky silver
glitter on top yeah got my nails done I
came home I edited yesterday's vlog and
I picked up a prescription from the
chemist and that's what I'm like that's
what I've done all day and the whole day
it was just like over and my friends
were already here like by the time I was
saying you stays vlog like my friends
were already here so as soon as I
finished I was just hanging out with my
friends and just really you know you're
like saying enjoying my time I have seen
a couple comments of people saying
they're really angry cuz my blogs have
as long as normal and you know if you've
been watching me you know like I've just
been busy as well as like you know Danny
was here recently and so as hangout
selling everything so obviously I'm not
gonna be vlogging as much because I'm
just actually enjoying my time with my
friends and everything like I never
promised to be a daily vlogger I just do
it because you guys seem to really like
them and I don't really you guys down
basically like that's probably the
biggest reason I've kind of stuck to it
for the most part it's because I feel
bad if I don't do it now I do really
enjoy filming them until I see those
comments with people like start hitting
like expectations I'm like this is just
like a side thing for me like my main
priority is my main channel in my
business you know this is just kind of
like an extra hobby of mine and just
like a place to vent and talk to you
guys and just chill and be myself and
everything not like I'm not myself
everywhere else but you know what I mean
like it's just a more casual platform
like I enjoyed it until I stayed calm
inside there I'm just like give me a
break
I honestly put my life into what I do so
like I think I shouldn't have to hit a
rough time you know uploading a video
that's three minutes shorter than normal
like sometimes I'm just having a day
where I want to keep some stuff private
or I'm hanging out with my friends and
don't want to like just a blog
everything because it's kind of like
intense and my friends might not like it
or whatever
I don't know so how to explain but thank
you to those of you who do understand I
appreciate it so much thank you for
understanding and just know that I
really do do my best and sometimes I
need to have a little bit of space as
well and I
to just have some time with my friends
and have some time off camera and off
the computer like I need that to be sane
and talk you know heaven balance to life
I feel like I'm still enjoying doing
these daily at the moment but if I have
shorter ones every now and then it's
just life I'm not promising like hey my
video is gonna be this long and they're
gonna be up at this time like it's just
when it happens it happens if it happens
if I die upload a video one day you guys
will know it is literally just because I
needed a break for myself there's the
only reason I won't upload or if it's
more than a day it's because I needed
time off so I hope you guys understand
it it's so hard like because so many
people just start getting really high
expectations as soon as you start these
things it's like you feel like you can't
stop I don't know anyway I need to stop
talking and go pick up and hang out with
my mates for a while because I don't get
to see them very often
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
leave me a random topic to talk about
Lilith no tongue-tied leave me your hand
him topic to talk about tomorrow down in
the comments anything questions just
whatever you want to know whatever you
want to hear me talk about please don't
be too in faith if I heard you put like
my whole personal life out there let's
just keep it fun relaxed just random
stuff I feel like random like the more
random the funner it is like I don't
know it's not being too serious like
there are so many things in life we have
to take seriously that I feel like these
videos should just be fun you know they
should be fun yeah I love you guys so
much and I hope you have the best day
ever the best night or whatever time of
datas where you love I don't know
bye
