so spring it up sous-sous oh my god
where's your toy you need to bring it up
on the beach gonna play DOS where's your
tweet when your tweet was your tweet man
Taylor it's like plug them over here I
think I'm gonna get up and film my first
Jim's join look I'm so tired so I've
just showered and hamish what's
breakfast so I'm gonna make some
breakfast then I'm gonna fill what is my
head you love the foundational night
damn I don't know if she leaving my hair
like this I don't know what is doing
yeah this top I think is from misguided
and it literally almost nip-slips me my
nipple is like oh there it's dangerous
in these earrings are naked affection I
showed given that sponsored little haul
I did you this separately it should
really love that we have side my friend
was like why would you introduce me to
this so much good stuff okay time to
film hold it done is now 11:00 a.m. so I
am going to go put up my video for the
Dukes Wednesday I usually have little
Wednesday's you love this makeup and I
was saying if you took away the glitter
it would be actually really pretty like
a bowl of makeup look or you could still
use the globe for the bowl but you know
what I mean and in these lashes and you
make so beauty ones this sort of crazy
big this so fluffy like the most love
you freaking elections you've ever seen
in your life like this so dramatic these
will be perfect for those of you who
love drama you know I like these I'm not
for the natural girl whatsoever but I'm
excited because like X Y B T doesn't
really have a pia this fluffy and
dramatic yet so yeah coming soon
usually when you look like straight
ahead like
I love can you tell I love them I don't
know what's wrong he looks really creepy
gangly what what what
belly rubs yeah
this is peering he makes the noise he's
not doing it because the camera is there
now when we scratch sirs on his tummy
and he loves it was it's so funny but
it's like comparing what he does it
every time you tape a light if we
keeping him pets like giving him traits
he's make the other ladder moving nicely
and helped you condition my brow is
which is extreme I am using Hamish is my
boy wait boy shake down south it should
like a road trip no food sounds when I
speak Pete they look really cute are
they so cute which one do you want I
want the pink one what it is not dark
chocolate no one go
oh okay your button huh oh they're a
mess people different flavor what's
another okay so this one tastes like
white chocolate strawberry it's not
gonna focus good mm-hmm
I am dude
just finished it is hanging up my spider
look - I'm so proud of myself I've done
so much work - there ya gotta get those
videos out for Germany to get out faster
and it's going at the moment goals
did another video in a couple of minute
videos finnstrom I am in a roll today
now we you go into the magician they
just touch up my makeup took off my
falsies and everything doesn't look
amazing but it'll do I just couldn't be
bothered spending lots of time on it I
was contemplating just like taking it
all off but also couldn't people they're
doing that so just touched up my
concealer and took off the glitter and
stuff I gotta get that your cute little
grin you go he's dead he's dead a quiz
dead where did you know Jim Hickey to
you get him you get wizzy what is he
where is he where is he
look at it tow-ready huh no eels like
yeti with my other buck oh so much
someone tried to get into the package Oh
was it you what are you
what are you doing honey can you smell
dog small gray hand yes dick dick you
look guilty
why are you guilty huh why are you
guilty why aren't you looking at me okay
so we go in a bid now it's like 10
something we just got home and got
really feared after the show it was so
good I'd highly recommend it he's doing
what was the call is just the magicians
or something yeah it was really good I
thought it was really good
so yeah Hamish is getting really really
sick so I'm trying to not get too close
to him so that I'm not sick for Germany
crossing my fingers by the way we're
going to Queenstown this weekend I can't
remember if I told you that or not so
definitely vlog there - it'll be heap'd
the phone um yeah I'll talk to you guys
soon because my bidder is dying I
