good morning everyone I think I fell
asleep last night before ending my blog
just got back from the gym it's kinda
late today I slept until 9:00 I don't
know I'm just like all over the place
I'm so tired so I'm gonna mention that
to my doctor today I'm gonna go to the
doctor I'm gonna have a smoothie for
breakfast today I've got a couple of
packages I see one from the body shop
and I'm gonna continue doing some of
their stressful work some editing Lesch
designs and we XO beauty designs and
stuff like that so I'm not sure how much
I can flog today to show you might take
the dogs for a walk again today I want
to do some more stats I did lots of
weight workouts today so I really want
to hit my 10,000 step goal also oh we've
got a cherry blossom tree in the
backyard it's only about pulling nine
months old and I wasn't expecting it to
serve I have to be honest because our
backyards super like clay a and
stuff just does not like grow very well
but it's actually got quite a few
flowers on it so I'll show you it's
really really really pretty
look at it it's good a few flowers it's
not going to bed I haven't had a
smoothie in ages do you want it because
I've just been so lazy and it's so much
easier just to have like a bowl of
cereal but to be honest it's really with
the smoothies fill me up for longer so I
think it's worth the time cereal keeps
me fall for a long time as well but I
feel like I get hungry a fast I don't
know what it is to be me and Hamish and
my mum we are slowly getting through
these cupcakes I need to actually like
give them away to someone else because I
should not be eating cupcakes they taste
so good by the way they're from this
person
this isn't sponsored like I guess this
is just the people that Lovington right
but they are really really good cupcakes
so I guess if you need some cupcakes
these are really really really tasty so
today's smoothie is bananas spinach
coconut water mango protein vanilla
protein and blueberries look at this
massive box that just arrived and it's
from I think Disney they synced made
Hamish all of the stuff like the
Infinity Games
Star Wars stuff here we go there's lots
of coconut water in there sometimes it's
so weird like sometimes I love coconut
water
sometimes I hate it I guess it just
depends if I'm in the mood for it so
hopefully today this doesn't taste bad
it's really good for you especially
after the gym because the elite flights
and stuff it tastes really good actually
you can't taste the coconut water at all
alright don't mind the mess of me I
actually need to put it away all this
makeup today hopefully if I get time
this box here I think is from the body
shop or that's what it said on the
return label thing so yeah it is it
feels so good install 2nd of November I
guess it's all of this stuff alright
whoa what is this say Christmas pudding
that's so funny
plum lip balm shimmer mist oh this one's
burn and then this one is frosted plum
shimmer lotion
I love Chimel ocean it's really good at
nighttime like if you go in clubbing
that's where we stored or something
because it just gives you a nice little
glow on your arms and legs so I'm just
finished
what's my fringe doing I'm just gonna
finish my smoothie just some emails and
then some work pretty much so it's just
hit a path Sydney Zeus yep he's off
always like what are you doing
they're got my extensions in and I am
going to do a face mask I'm trying out
this one that I got sent the other day
I'm gonna join an Instagram post saying
what I thought about it and a few days
it's one of those ones that's a powder
huh I'm just gonna do some well as I was
saying I think I'm just gonna do
something put away some of my makeup
soon it's all over the kitchen being say
hey you really did you enjoy your bath
hmm over sneeze in my nose what are you
doing mmm give a kiss thank you
two o'clock crap obviously I haven't
been hungry because I had a late
breakfast so I should probably eat
something for lunch now and then Hamish
and I have dinner tonight
I don't know where we're gonna go but
we're gonna go out for dinner together
and go to a movie together as well I
think he wants to go see Martian or it's
called something like that anyway but
he's like really excited about it and it
sounds really good so hopefully I like
it too but I'll let you guys know what
it's like I'm having this for lunch
again pesto pasta sell it's a she got
heaps and heaps of veggies in it too
like I think it's got like zucchini
mushrooms and some other stuff lots of
spinach I feel like my bum is falling
off I did such intensely prices today oh
I was doing like way more than what I
weigh myself and it hurt so much like my
inner thighs my butt my like the rest of
my thighs it's just you should have
heard how loud that crotch I'll be like
crying yeah holding him out down Miss
Minnie oh yeah hit about did you have a
bath so see that's good oh you look
beautiful so yeah is that I'm gonna go
good boy now me and mom have just been
to the doctor
it is pissing down rain outside so I
don't think I'm gonna be able to take
the dogs for a wolfg like a plant I'm
sorry Dan hot I don't know why I'm
flushed on the road little bit
it's not even like a hot day today yeah
so I'm sending her home and I think me
and Hamish gonna go sit down about an
hour and a half so probably just do a
little bit more work when I get home
until then I don't know chillin with my
homies then he he's nibbling his tail
he's so strange there's a party in this
tree can you hear all the bed it's very
noisy if we can get into the gallery but
they're not otherwise it'll go somewhere
else oh the way this crap today I Kate's
randomly raining it's freezing - I'm
going to get Rasheeda boom that blue
cheese pursuit kid I think I've changed
it since the last time it sounds really
really good
yeah I think the whole thing's changed
and I think I'll see if they can donate
free cabin are maybe edge cpgs undergo
something
yes Hamish is random beer of the day
I spoiled her life
you should get that someone said there's
like an app where it's got like all of
the bidders in the world and you can
like take them off as you taste them and
then you get points and stuff for
tasting different is to go to see how
many different ones you can try if I had
the kind of man Hamish got some to share
yeah it's like peer and stuff it's not
tomorrow it you just panicked and pick
something on the menu dinner here it's
got blue cheese - I got the vegetarian
pasta and Hamish got the lamb we've got
eight fast because the movie starts in
two minutes so he just got out of the
movie the Martian or Martian or whatever
it's called it was really really good
it's one of those really like
suspenseful dramatic movies where you're
like straight out and you're like
grabbing the chit's the arms and you're
freaking out the whole time but it was
really really good I really liked it
like a survival movie of a guy that's on
Mars basically if you don't know what
it's about and I definitely think it's
worth watch oh sure I don't know why was
in 3d though it does not need to be in
3d what would you give it out of T and
Hamish pretty good we're being beaten by
the cube it's cutting us off guys to
miss me yeah it's nice good movie with
anyone else should be outside but yeah
in the rain holy crap it's pissing down
finish it on my attire with my bug I see
you I see you hello you look warm under
the heat pump goodnight
