every one I've got my pretty hair towel
on again I just got back from the gym in
a little while ago I didn't wake up very
early today it's 20 to 11 no 2013 wait
20 to 11
my clock is wrong so I am going to make
some breakfast and then today I've just
got heaps and heaps of random which show
it is hanging emails XO beauty stuff I'm
gonna go pick up my itinerary for my
Tahiti trip and just lots of other stuff
I've got this like nollie pimple on my
eyebrow - but another package - oh snap
the contour kit again thank you so much
this also arrived
Tom Floyd's skin illuminating padded
your moonlight this is a pretty for some
reason I am starving this morning so I
am having a bagel it's got a little bit
of cream cheese and then ever Cod or
tomato and some onion as well there just
been doing some it is hangin emails and
stuff I've almost finished my stapled
look but I always notice people doing
this on my Facebook page Twitter
Instagram and stuff like people will
want me to follow them which is fine
like I follow back people sometimes on
Twitter and stuff but then they'll say
like you're never gonna follow me you
always ignore me and stuff like that and
make it really negative and when people
say that it makes me not want to follow
them because it makes like I feel like
they're only saying that to make me feel
guilty
and then I feel like if I follow them
it's just like a guilty follow raise if
you're just like really nice and
supportive and just friendly I'm Way
more likely to follow you then if you
try to like go drip into it just saying
because I do like to follow you guys
back but as soon as I say that like
you're ignoring me because I don't
ignore people like I literally just do
not see every single mission
mid-michigan area that I can't talk I
don't see every single message you know
I get thousands of comments all over the
place Facebook Instagram YouTube
snapchat like I get so much stuff and
it's not realistic for me to see every
single like commenting everything I'm
not ignoring anyone but when people say
like you're ignoring me I'm like alright
I hope they may see it's not her but
it's not like a bitch I just put up some
cute prints on my wall look how nice
they look
yay I am so happy I just got dressed cuz
I'm about to go and see Kelly and run
some errands and do some
stuff then after don't Ã¡own that's
getting dressed you know you know when
you put on jeans in the pockets go we'll
funny so you like push your hand into
the pockets to like make them sit
properly so I did that and then I was
like haha yeah I'm 20 bucks in my pocket
it just made my day
excuse me what are you doing I'm well
aware that my room is amiss you don't
have to tell me so yeah I'm just hitting
out just getting dressed and I'll be on
my way
sorry I'm gonna vlog much today as I
said I've been doing lots of work it's
very very very hectic later on I'm gonna
continue doing some prototypes for new
leash boxes and stuff like that I've
decided on my logo but I don't know when
I want to tell you because I won't bring
in the new logo probably until roughly
the end of the year I let my hair air
dry today it looks quite yellow I need
to turn my hair but I leave the air dry
that's going like really fluffy this one
he is really cute too anyway so this is
my outfit of the day oh my legs look
really stumpy I feel like I'm wearing a
mum outfit I don't know I'm wearing this
boy suit grey jersey jeans and flats
with stripes on them I think these are
from misguided this is from to pray I
don't know I just got home a puppy's you
don't even care look what arrived in the
mail what is it the iPhone 6s so I will
open it in a second
I also got a private not private what's
what's it called Perry books I don't
know Steven except problem I don't
really know what the address is so I'm
gonna have to figure that out now okay
yes okay so time to turn on this new
phone because away wait wait this is the
best part my mom just messaged me saying
she's on her way over because we have a
doctor's appointment tomorrow not gonna
say exactly what the doctor appointment
is for because it's just something to do
with me that I'm not really like I don't
really want to talk about on camera and
at the moment there's nothing to worry
about we're just trying to forget some
issues with my body out um so I've got a
doctor's appointment tomorrow mum's
coming with me cuz she needs to I think
she had like another blood test as well
so she's got to go and I'm gonna go talk
to my doctor about some things we've got
some stuff to do with my business to get
done in everything tomorrow
but yeah my mom's on her ways and I had
just sees me she's like let's go for a
walk so I'm really excited we gonna take
the dogs for a walk with her in my mum's
friend Owain and I'm sure the dogs will
be starched because we're gonna go to
the park I think
swingbridge thing because he was
bouncing I don't like it hi mom got me a
prison what for
for your two million it was talking good
tonight
you know with all your hard work mom
wants to vlog it did you make it or is
it kind of graduations chanak's over two
million subscribers YouTube positive
superstar inspirational fantastic
amazing talented extraordinary beautiful
soul that's innate 27th of September
do you like it and you can put it up on
the wall if you want to oh I'm just like
up on mine anything else yeah I'll
probably put on my shelf mmm the welcome
that's your that's your YouTube plaque I
thought it was kind of a little bit
stank because um you know you don't get
button until you have 10 million there
which might be very far there because I
know these things from your mother I'm
having the muscle fuel chickpea Coomera
pumpkin pity thingy and I added some
more cucumber dip
cucumber goodness that looks so gross on
camera eating a cupcake and we're
watching went way it's that Australian
prison woman prison drama TV series it's
really really really good so far
