come on everyone so today I woke up at
like 7:30
it felt wait earlier daylight savings on
and I'm so confused I'm so tired right
now it's now 20 past 9 I just got back
from the gym a couple minutes ago so my
week out today felt like it stocked like
I just did not do much at all like I
still was moving the whole time you know
I just felt like like I was tired and I
was puffed I was sweating but I just
feel like I wasn't going hard but I
always say to myself like it's better
than sitting on the couch you know what
I mean like at least I was moving any
workout it's a good workout so that is
finished and it's a really beautiful day
today hopefully later on I'll get some
time to take the dogs for a walk or
something
this morning I'm just gonna be the same
cereal as yesterday for breakfast
because I'm feeling stupid lazy and
tired and I kinda bullet making a
smoothie I have some vitamins and stuff
as well and then today my plans are
hopefully getting my nails done if my
nail chick can get me an appointment
fingers crossed and also editing some
videos I've got a favorites video and
also I don't know it's started editing
some of those Halloween videos as well
which they shouldn't take too long
because they're all just like voiceover
ones so I'll probably just speed up most
of it and then like talk about what I'm
doing and stuff cuz I didn't talk while
I was doing them because I was
concentrating no dogs are loving their
new beards aren't you hmm fighting is
normal play fighting I should say I've
got lots and lots of packages too but
I'll open the month later on how I get
some work done first and I couldn't find
this the other day I'm gonna have this
one today actually I'm gonna be a badass
and I'm gonna mix two together YUM
that's a really strange like screenshot
right there but I'm just exporting the
first video I finish today it's 12
o'clock already it's actually quarter
past twelve this is all I've been able
to edit so far it took so long I've also
done some emails and stuff but we're
just gonna knock at the door hey Zeus
congratulations on two million Chinon I
love from the loving tan team like away
they smell so good don't they
you're not getting any cuz these are not
good for dogs so sweet thank you guys so
much
gonna have some lunch quickly I'm gonna
do a star pasta salad who's pissed our
pasta and um sell it why is he so cute
look at you you're so handsome here's my
lunch how good does that look
where are we going are we gonna go
somewhere where we go you got cholera
yep
Oh careful you got your collar on huh
yep we are gonna go for a walk by the
river yes we are are you excited for
your walk yes I know it's very exciting
is that means East thank you for a nice
walk they're not being very cooperative
at the moment because they've just got
here and they're very excited looking
quite low today he's off the leash now
cuz were over away from the bikes and
everything because he's really dumb and
sometimes he likes to run straight
towards the bikers Danny what are you
two doing come here come on Zeus you can
do it
good boy good boy there's so many
beautiful birds and things out today so
Louise Louise on his leash again because
he has a side house so he chasing little
birds in or doing something I don't want
it to catch a bird because he's pretty
fast just letting you guys know that on
my main channel she neck so that created
into all videos video that was confusing
for a moment is up and also the baby
food challenge with Danielle
minge suti say he pronounced that hope
so esther howland also sally's i'm
sharp tutorials up now - I'm gonna watch
it that's not silly like strips overload
right now I've got so much stuff to do
and it's all just like hit me at once
like so many emails have come to her and
then so I'm actually it's a beauty
urgent stuff that I have to do and have
to get done I've just been doing heat
stuff over the last couple of hours I
started editing this one they stapled
look I don't even have time to finish it
off right now
I didn't get that much edited today I
did users vlog and I also did a
favorites video and finished off a video
for Wednesday and it is hit the
description for that I just really hoped
to get at least one Halloween tutorial
film today but it's not happening so I
think tomorrow and maybe even the next
day are gonna have to be just boring
days of editing and emails and business
stuff that I can't really show you at
the moment so stressful so much stuff
hit me at once um I have anyone showered
today I'm gonna go have a shower and get
in bed and just do some work from bid
because like instantly or it a mic lands
a soul like I am just panicking myself
so much I just you know relax and
breathe there's what are you doing to
make it what are you eating it for it's
not food is that do it at one bitch I'll
show you a few of these packages so
first off I got some jewelry from one of
my subscribers this is who it looks like
here make sure you check it out if you
like those jeans and things I've been
wearing lately this is the place to go
viva Miss city.com she was really sweet
and she wrote me a long long long email
I wanted to see me a few things so I'll
show you what I got I just asked her to
pick out some things that actually
thought I would like oh my goodness I am
in love look how pretty this stone is
it's like good you work hard so it is a
bluey one in a pink like it's like a
pinky lavender
then I've got like double chains so cute
and then there's a really pretty like
Emma thirst deep purple color and then
some really cute chains with like little
moons and gems on them silver one and a
gold one and then this choker with a
little satin on it how cute matches my
tea - thank you so much for all of these
gifts they're so pretty
I am adoring in these ones with the gems
especially you want to check out that
jewelry there is her link I'm sure she
would appreciate it if you guys were in
checked out her website I also just got
a heap of the new lip gloss shades I
think these are yeah the lip gloss fall
collection by Anastasia Beverly Hills
$16 super super pretty shows that
butterscotch looks amazing Tyra looks
amazing
sepia dusty lilac warm bronze off they
all look so pretty so there's all those
can't wait to try those out I love the
inner star typically Hills lip glosses
they're super super pigmented actually
done a swatch video on my main channel
if you want to google it I gots me a wig
pink wig this is called Uptown girl by
gives one of these Rockstar wigs I think
I don't know I'll probably use it for
like a Halloween look - and a blue and
black one - oh my gosh I'm so excited to
try out some wigs
what are you doing I also got this
package from Kat Von D mutual crush how
does this open nailed it okay what do we
have here I'm so excited holy crap a
must for true colors that lasts all day
is this a primer yeah an eye primer
we've also got a bunch of eyeshadows let
me open like a two random ones so we can
see what they look like these look legit
haven't heard anyone saying anything
about these let's see the pigmentation
ah that's super pigmented hold on let me
focus there's so pigmented and so soft
look at that color
so pretty I'm so excited to work on all
of these I'll definitely use some in
tutorials at some stage the packaging is
nice too how you can see through the top
and see the color love then the eye
primer is just like a pale kind of a
yellowy color looks like a concealer and
it feels super super Malusi when you
start to blend it out super full
coverage I'm sure it'll look better when
you only use a tiny amount of course
yeah I'll try those out at some stage
and then the last thing I have here is
something from Elizabeth Arden just stop
the filming basement they hit always
spoil me so in here we have Nicki Minaj
the pinkprint perfume and I love this
perfume
this is untold it's the luxe version
this perfume smells so so nice I
actually got two and I gave one to my
mum and she loves it as well but I
actually like that one a lot
NYC premier Fifth Avenue which is that
one there so let me tell you when they
come out they're Fifth Avenue 179
dollars 5th of October the pinkprint by
Nicki Minaj
there's the pricing out from 12th of
October and then untold lakhs hundred
and fifty or 149 comes out 19th of
October okay I'm off to bed now I don't
know why my face looks so big right now
that's really good let's be the lighting
I'm going to sleep oh I'm gonna go to
beige whoreson TV even gonna sleep I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I'll talk to you tomorrow hopefully
why is it's okay
my face is just really hot okay I
