hey everyone so it is Monday morning I
kind of slipped in its tiny bit it's
nine o'clock and I don't know if it's
because of daylight savings or if I'm
just tight from the weekend or what so
I'm actually going to do some work this
morning and they're just head to the gym
with Hamish tonight instead of going now
just making it somewhat done I'm just
still trying to decide if I want to film
something or if I eat it like I really
do not know because there's a couple
videos I do want to film oh I don't know
we'll see I guess also we've got some
packages I'm gonna have a smoothie for
breakfast but I'm just gonna wait 10 or
20 minutes because I just brushed my
teeth and they're very minty fresh and
these do not taste good with minty fresh
breath so I think I will show you my
packages first hazers take up morning
what have you got yeah yeah I mean I'm
not even touching it well okay I don't
get what you want is like play with me
but don't touch it and use they've
pulled more fluff out of nugget nugget
is now just a flap of material
so we're some piece okay let's see
what's inside hopefully it's more
Halloween stuff oh I know what's in here
I bought this off inside sale a couple
weeks ago their dog beads
I'll show you make sure they know bead
see comfy we've also received a new
clinic lipstick in nude pop it's a
really really really pretty nude color
that she matches the packaging so well
by the way if you confused if I mean I
mean like usually makeup will have like
the color on the packaging but it's not
even close like it'll be like a light
pink and you open it it'll be like brown
or something so that's what I mean I got
my I hope stuff already a little bit the
other day let's see what's in here
sweet potato chip totally chips fresh
chips apparently just lots of chips
Shannon I got two days if anyone's ever
taking these let me know because I hate
the taste of spirulina but these are
like spirulina tablets that you just
swallow and they've got lots of iron
vitamin A calcium vitamin b12 also
coconut chips it's funny because I don't
even usually eat snacks unless I'm like
with friends and stuff I don't know what
I'm gonna eat all this gluten-free
chocolate chip oatmeal cookies I just
love the sound of that I got some apple
cinnamon granola who should I try this
it's sprouted so I think this is like
completely raw non-gmo vegan nut free
gluten free sprouted all organic ego
keeping it raw gently dried not cooked
helps preserve the health benefits of
every ingredient these here just a bunch
of prints but I'm not going to show them
to you right now I've got to figure out
where to put them and buy frames for
them and everything someone's enjoying
his new beard is it comfy then the final
thing is from kiss and make up
New York on that's the website there if
you want to go to where I buy lots lots
of makeup off here that this was ceded
to me so that was so kind of them if you
just gotta kiss and make up calm it's a
complete different website just warning
you now all right here's a little
overview of some of the stuff she sent
oh the new Smashbox contour kit so it
keeps friends blotting things by was a
Beauty Blender masks lip balm a swash
and a conditioner oh my gosh was this
it's so many in so small you oh it's a
cute little eyeshadow duo I think I'm so
excited to try this I've heard so many
good things about it maybe I can do a
first impression let me know if you're
interested cuz it's a BB cream so it's
bit of you know people that don't want
to wear foundation every day so I've got
my cereal put some almond milk in and
then I've got a banana to top it off as
well here's how it looks okay let's try
some of these good it's been like an
hour eating breakfast and doing my
emails and everything
it's tainment 30 a.m. now and I thought
what I do
is a film a video that you guys have
been asking for for like a while now
it's called reacting to my old videos I
thought it'd be perfect to do it now
just like celebrate two million like
just to see you know how far I've come
in terms of like my makeup my filming
you know my quality and everything I
think I might upload it as a bonus video
maybe tomorrow I'll keep you updated and
then I also want to do a stitch math
tutorial now the other day selling her
of a picture she she friggin did the
exact same thing it was so funny because
we were like oh we really need to like
talk about what we're gonna do for
Halloween this year because I bet we're
gonna do the same thing at least once
and it happened so this is amazing she
did such a good job so when her tutorial
goes up I don't think it's up yet but
when it goes up I'll have to let you
guys notice you can let go watch it as
well but I still really want to do it
but I'm gonna think I'm a different way
to do it so it's not the exact same you
know what I mean but it's such a cool
like look that I really still want to
show you how to do it yeah I think I
might do it like here more because she
did it like across your mouth so I might
do it like out here more maybe I don't
know yeah it's yeah that sort of measure
this morning in this afternoon I will
probably spend some time editing
probably gym and stuff I don't know let
me show you having me see my room is as
you guys know the other night me and Amy
did that makeup to get that this room is
a pigsty again I can't believe how bad
it gets like it's so bad it is
everywhere so bad
click extensions like rubbish repo like
what is this mess so I finished it and
you can talk I should have done a couple
of these ones tighter but it's fine I
really really liked how it came out and
I did everything using only makeup even
like all of this glossiness I'll show
you how to do that I like the tears
under your eyes or should I call this
one they think is a cool title yeah I've
just done this I also filmed that
reacting to old videos video so now I am
going to go in it for a while and then
in a bit I'll go to the gym as well it's
to i7 so so far it's been a pretty
productive day
also I had a piece of leftover pizza
before for one
because I was in a rush filming this and
now I feel really really really sick
look how gross this looks mmm these
flowers just came at the door and
they're from my mom a number-one fan
look how cute she is
oh I'm just editing that um what's it
called like reacting to old videos video
at the moment anyone wondering how well
these two Kong dancer is pretty well she
the one stuck to your skin I just used
eyelash glue all of this too so
basically everything I used is stuff
count there was sex my mustache stuff
that you'll already have the new
collection it's so pretty
I am dying at hey mrs. new video shin
and pakka hair is epochal how do you
pronounce that I had people say it
differently every time I'm there but if
you're wondering why I'll show you a
sneak peek you have to watch the whole
blog if you want to see like if they
complete clip um yeah this is on Hamish
is channel mush mush blogs does newest
video are you doing so it is 6 o'clock
now and Hamish and I are just about to
go the gym together I've got my
pre-workout and I took off my makeup it
can you see the little red dots from
where I had I actually used like a
liquid lipstick to create like the blood
look though that's interesting I might
have to put on a little bit of baby
cream or something I took off my false
lashes too so you can see the glue is
peeled off I am dude look at those arms
look at that boys so we just got back
from the gym 8:34 p.m.
haven't hit dinner clearly you need to
eat right now stopping your hungry rose
yeah thank you you're like no I'm having
a chickpea and pumpkin rusty apron
outfit I don't know on spinach salad and
apparently a chocolate hey miss just
gave me okay yeah my favorite if I'm
gonna eat chocolate those lint once the
caramel ones yeah
mmm to get a new trial still the Pacers
did you miss us
it's like I don't know who I love more
new slides on the liner hello
look guys they seems it to me again what
are you having a man toasty frozen fruit
some frozen break that that so you can't
do it
they're like get out of the bed it's my
beard it's my beard so cute so I'm just
doing a face mask before be just a nice
gentle clay one and I'm on my phone
it's 9:30 I only just finished it is
saying yesterday's vlog really this
whole like daylight savings things like
screwing me over so bad I bet I'm gonna
sleep him tomorrow again I need to just
try and get up early I'm probably just
going to try beard
cheat some social media and then it's
sleep I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog and I'll talk to you tomorrow
hopefully bye
