the first thing I did this morning was
woke up and checked my phone to see if I
still had tourmaline because they feel
like it's just like a crazy dream so
friggin crazy thank you guys so much oh
my gosh
I'm so happy that is crazy so crazy that
so many people it's like half of New
Zealand almost population-wise I mean
crazy so crazy all I want to do today is
eat for obvious reasons my life is sort
of like predictable I bet by this point
you're like okay so like when you're
watching is today's while you provide
such as a moorish vlog is just going to
be really boring with food and puppies
that's probably accurate so well done my
baby what are you doing come here
come give me a cuddle hey be doing this
morning he woke us up and he was like
howling it was really good
wait you we like panicked and ran to
relay are you in pain but it was just
howling at something I don't know he's
so cute you're so cute yes oh here comes
the other one
hey because feel like I should clarify
because in the day before you says well
I was like should it's the devil and all
these people give me like oh my god
you're so miss informed like sugar is so
good for you like blah blah high carb
diet blah blah blah I was clearly
talking about processed sugar like I
literally said I don't get light like
cream cheese and stuff because light
usually just means added sugar like fake
sugar I'm not talking about like fruits
and vegetables and healthy carbs I'm
talking about like sugar like a high
diet of fake sugar is not good if you're
not good for your brain at all just
saying I feel like people just try to
misunderstand me sometimes I don't even
know someone made me a two million video
seriously I'm in Ambala this is the
channel that's on if you want to go
watch it
it's called congratulations onto a
million subscribers chantix oh I miss
dying wish and Jonna playing like a 3d
game and they look really really cool
right now those glasses
yeah Luigi yeah oh hello oh my god
you're the cutest
he's like rawr better size look at the
model you will never ever guess what I'm
getting to eat right now given a million
years he purrs yeah yes pinterest some
little bit so weird eyes even under
heaven so let's see if you guys guessed
correctly
what did Shannon get for her hungover
food could it be okay for could it be
could be okay per pizza and pasta
oh great later
mmm I don't know why that's still up
restarted my computer is only new it's
so good pasta goodness there should be
my screensaver right there Oh for these
actors don't want to call this hair
Commission John are playing plants vs.
zombies I don't know what to do with my
life I'm gonna open this with you guys
and we'll see what's in here
it's something from benefit what's in
here
they're real limited edition design
I'll cute look like rhinestones or
something I think I saw this on Danny's
um vlog cute look how cute that is
thank you benefit I'm guessing it's the
mascara on the inside oh my gosh it
that's you're really cute clutch okay
and some gyms kick with their rule and
then a push-up liner too and more wall
and really feel like I probably videoed
about 2 or 3 minutes worth of stuff
today
we've just been chilling I've just been
on Instagram in YouTube's and just like
that all day
don't you see YouTube anyway we're just
been watching and it is war there's one
just now and he was on the outside of a
plane and the plane was doing flips how
to the no that's crazy
anyway we're just watching this for a
while and I will talk to you tomorrow
and hopefully there'll be more
interesting stuff to talk about tomorrow
thank you again for Turmel been having
so many people saying congratulations
today and I still am kind of like is
this real life right now I don't even
know it's crazy but I love you guys so
much thank you so much I'll talk to you
tomorrow
