everyone I'm sorry excited to finally be
sharing this video with you today's
video is any collaboration with feyza
and it is promoting their hashtag not a
tourist campaign as you already know if
you've been watching my vlogs Hamish and
I spontaneously went over to Sydney a
few weekends ago and basically we
avoided travelling like a turret hence
you know a tourist so we stayed away
from the usual tourist crowds stumbled
across some hidden gems and just really
got to experience like an authentic
sight of Sydney oh yeah that's how we've
been sitting you know it's always like
so brushed and like so intense but this
trip was very relaxed and just I don't
know a lot of fun it's nice to see like
a different side of the city so keep on
watching this video if you want some
inspiration and to travel like us like
not a tourist if you're going on a
holiday away stand make sure you don't
forget to pack your visa
unlike cash your Visa card can be
replaced if it's stolen or if you
misplace it or lose it - leaving you
free to explore without worrying so I
hope you guys enjoy this video also make
sure you check out the links in the
downbar love you guys we've just arrived
in Sydney and it's a beautiful day we're
heading to our hotel that's calling five
is in a rush cutters Bay which is
apparently a really good area so I'll
show you what our room looks like soon
and then we're going to go explore for
the rest of the day
so we've just arrived a hotel room so
yeah we're at Viper hotel and so far
it's really nice we just got a basic
little room so we're just going to
settle in just make sure everything is
well charged so we can take lots of
snacks so we are currently waiting for a
ferry
basically when catching a ferry over to
Manley and apparently they're shopping
restaurants bars and all that kind of
stuff that we want to do they grow men
this is such a pretty boo Hamish and I
have a mission to find him a pair of
sunglasses because guess what gee whiz
with sunglasses to Australia
guess what genius that'll bring us
toothbrushes Cantor's twist that's a
good point we need to buy you a
toothbrush let's go
thank goodness for solid ground what's
Google and GPS you can find anything
checking out the beach quickly while
we're here looks like there's some
little lifesaver training or something
in little kids it looks okay to figure
out where we want to go to eat pizza
path but it's nice to get some preciate
you because you know how it is when
you're stuck in a plane for a few hours
it's just like so I've asked around and
we've been pointed back towards at the
beach to eat tonight there's a couple of
restaurants that I meet to be good so I
look there what fur do you feel like I
don't know there's so many choices here
that look good yeah yeah so with a
little walk around the area and the
night is so pretty and that's so warm
here it's amazing how are we going to
manly grow yeah I think we were gonna go
to manly it growth apparently it's good
so I hope so
lots of seafood Hamish we'll be in
heaven I got a cosmopolitan Hamish got a
beer so here's my caprese salad or
caprese salad I don't know how you
pronounce it probably and then here's my
veggie burger this is huge the food just
now was so good I don't know if you guys
saw I have take those portion sizes
where so like we did not even come close
to finishing at like half of my first
very very very full
we head back into town now and we're
gonna catch a taxi let's quickly show
you what I'm wearing to this t-shirt
here I got off plundered its Jersey hair
from Sucre and then I was just raising
canvas shoes so that was my option of
the nun I feel weird wearing black I
never wear black I am going to get rid
of a beard and pass out for the night I
am so full and so tired and exhausted
first day in Sydney super great so far
good morning they're just preparing to
go for a walk I've done my makeup
already because I don't want to do it
later and we're not doing a real like it
was a vigorous walk it's just like a
casual like you know just whatever walk
makes no sense at all so we're on the
walk now going around on-die to Bronte
it's such a beautiful view you can see
behind me it's a surface down there I
wish I knew how to surf
so we completed the wall and we're so
hungry in New Zealand time it's 12
o'clock and we haven't even hit break
this to me again so we just took some
public trans what we've parked on that
bus and
this is going a bit to Bondi Junction so
we found this place here called Bondi
harvest I've heard it's good I might
build my own breakfast with some light
over kado in tomato on toast
Hamish got a green juice and I got a
smoothie my friend who used to live in
Sydney recommended is headed to markets
it's like a really cool place to go hang
out and there's like heaps of stalls and
that's all I just individual people that
fell the affection and hearts and all
that kind of stuff and then maybe we'll
go find I think Gardens like a nice
place to walk around this afternoon just
to chill out a little bit and then
tonight again we'll go find somewhere
really good to eat we got the best food
this looks amazing this is exactly what
I felt like eating we've just grabbed a
taxi and now we're on our way to the
Pennington Marcus and I have to say I'm
pretty excited because I love markets so
we just got to the markets in this sauce
or mini just random little stores with
clothing and like there was like Tara
cards back there and heaps of stuff
even though we just say we thought we'd
try one of the chocolate croissants from
one of the stalls yeah let me try
I like it like what I got hamish look
ugly roses chocolate strawberry and
Hamish go chocolate banana
come on sugar
look what a respite from across the road
from the markets we didn't make up store
and you've got a lot of stuff and now
it's just backing another chick then
we're heading to the pro tannic Gardens
have a little walk around my gosh
there's so many cute dogs everywhere in
Sydney of all the times I dropped my
phone that is so bad that is over there
no swimming in the pool Shannon oh hey
like to jump in those little paddling
pools well I sure AM when you're a head
splash I just think it's made you pop
Hamish go get a photo next the fountain
this parrot on the top of the fountains
having a drink it's closing for you
hello o-5 I feel like we've done so much
stuff today but it's all being so
relaxing and just like nice and chilled
amy-jo so pretty means you're pretty
good afternoon
what is this time it is 20 past 5 we
came back for an hour just to our hotel
room just to relax a little bit because
we've been walking around all morning
I got changed because I was really
really sweetie so we've just been
looking at recommendations on where to
go from some of my viewers I think we're
gonna hit into town or something we've
just been watching a little bit of
Trailer Park Boys the movie it's such a
good day so if I can't believe it's only
five o'clock it feels really really
really late to it we've been free
accomplished today I've done a lot of
stuff it's been quite good like it's
been really easy just to grab a taxi
like this takes easy everywhere so you
just like grab a taxi and off you go to
a next destination oh man how much for
in a taxi before me almost died this guy
almost like completely rain did the car
under us and like slammed on the brace
and see that was like it's like oh my
god they got a traveler chariot
so yeah that was fun okay so I've been
saying it's 526 I've been looking at my
watch but actually it's only 326
my gosh time differences I cannot wrap
my head around it tell me two hours but
it's still so confusing
it feels like it's much like in 3:30 in
the afternoon man that means like Hutton
you've done a year
got a couple of restaurant names she
can't so we're gonna go do that now look
at this awesome view we made it to Crenn
easy this was recommended by a bunch of
you guys check out these straws we got
with this like a sangria like bucket
basically I panicked I was just like
that and she's like that's why like two
to four people like that's so gay
he looks so handsome check out this
bruschetta tomato and olive nom Hamish
got white bait
a mesh got lasagna it looks so friggin
good and then I got pumpkin sauce and a
ricotta and spinach ravioli I hope you
guys enjoy coming along with us on our
little weekend holiday you have to say I
really like the idea of kind of
traveling like someone who lives in an
area rather than traveling like a
tourist because you know when you go to
all these like tourist destinations
there quite often really busy and really
hectic and then it's never as much as
you like
I hope for queries like when you just
chill out and see the site so I'm
actually finding so much more relaxing
and enjoyable so I really really enjoyed
it I hope you guys enjoyed it as well
and I'll talk to you guys again very
soon bye
