hey guys I just put on some picton had a
shower and everything um I look like
I've just rolled around in Dorito crumb
but you know how it is and look good
later um anyways I'm just about to prom
makeup just went past ten I don't know
if I just said that Patrick long to make
up and go out to ipeec to these two
current festival yeah I will take you
along I don't know what kind of makeup
I'm gonna do okay makeups done it and I
am supposed to have live by now but I
haven't nice to have to get dressed
super casual outfit of the day this top
is from Sur pray these jeans are pagan
Marie in suit and then these shoes fi
that by siren I am freaking panicking
this is very very very close to two
million right now
oh my goodness I'm on this like live
counting ridiculous I got all my new
meals pisto salad or pesto pasta and in
the chickpea I also got more mail which
I'll show you later as well first cherry
blossom tree where are we now we are
it's a food section the sweetie Brown is
in this place yeah we're at the IBC Day
 it's almost two million showed him
the light real-time counselor I have
been showing them where am I at now I've
got like a thousand to go so this is
where all the food is I'm trying to find
some food that doesn't have meat in it
and it's a little bit tricky I think I
found some noodles though maybe some
like spring rolls we'll see what you get
Hamish tell these stuff holy crap those
are big maybe she said three things I've
been nothing there's nothing for you
there's no food here that hasn't got me
today apart from like donuts and stuff I
don't want him throw nuts I found some
vegetarian pad thai and I'm so happy
oh come on cheering which I'm gonna
catch them all now they've just got the
button they give you stuff to throw on
you gotta have the moment look how
pretty this is
oh so pretty oh the Sakura festival was
like super full on so we're gonna get
bubble tea or a black bow instead I
couldn't say like but we'll treat
anywhere at the festival I hope it's
open Libre know what to do
number one one so good he's gonna still
hate a woman you did this to me all the
time
don't drink too much it's mime we're
back home now and I think we're going to
drink this afternoon tonight and I need
to edit its today's vlog now it's like
mud all over my camera it's like three
o'clock yeah I think we're just going to
chill at home don't know what we're
doing
I've got this up on the computer John
and Hamish are playing game yeah you
just want to hello oh yes oh my goodness
so he's got ready cuz mana Amy no one
else knows yet but we're gonna go out
and so I did my makeup so I'm wearing
this crop top thing from wild pier and
then these shorts I think I got them off
like wild pit I mean not well pair white
fox be taking ages and ages and ages ago
look at all those beer cans Hamish it's
like what Amy made she made a mess of
pleasure I love this one that like Glade
def John's playing Tetris as normal
what's your score without fast this is
going typical John
I did not say anything about your race
did I say anything you're just very very
good at Tetris that's all gone maggot
he's all chewed up Jenny what have you
done
it was like one nine nine nine nine
seven three one nine nine nine nine
eight four I hate this feeling that as
soon as I'm near two mill people are
just gonna unsubscribe from me and be
like hot just kidding
no I there's how I feel though oh my
gosh yeah take water go what am I going
to cry oh yeah one nine nine nine nine
nine one oh not wanna go high okay like
I haven't subscribed to you yes I winch
like subscribers he wants to be my trim
oh hi boys
not long ago you order the take that why
not subscribe is someone just messing
with me sitting there like clicking
subscribe and subscribe subscribe and
subscribe I'm panicking one nine nine
nine nine nine four five I'm just crying
a little that's pretty bad boy Cheers
here to come by myself I'm like freaking
out right now
thank you guys so much like what is life
right now you guys are amazing you have
changed my life what the heck two
million people like that so many people
I am so pathetic right now I'm literally
just like tearing up but I can't even
help it you guys are crazy I love you so
much
and I hope you guys more like you guys
can absolutely do whatever the heck you
want to like put your mind to you can do
it
like who would have thought I would be
living you know like doing my dream job
doing makeup online for a living I have
my own business I never thought I'd be
able to do this I knew it you ever
thought I would be in this position and
you guys have helped me so much I love
you so much you guys have no idea I
can't believe I'm crying you're missing
on my makeup guys I'm freaking out I'm
like having a meltdown
oh my god
turn million I feel like everyone else
everyone else it's 2 million me like
yeah I'm just like oh my goodness like
what the heck do you even think this
would happen it's crazy it is crazy
crazy I'm hearing about yeah I'm so
emotional like what the heck oh you're
gonna mazing and every like oh they're
not gonna happen tonight is not gonna
happen tonight it's not gonna hit over
my head tonight
I was so doubtful and if I has to be
rude
