hey guys you like my outfit so I'm
feeling a little bit better say my voice
is still a little bit weird but I think
it's possible so I think I'm gonna film
something this morning I didn't go to
the gym because I was still really like
sorted my body when I woke up this
morning I was really tired so I slipped
in a little bit it's 10:00 to 9:00 so
maybe like later on in the afternoon and
I'll go to the gym instead new barking
it many juice for breakfast today
because I don't really need much food
I'm not hungry and I have a ginger sir
juice is good
this is beetroot kale carrot yeah the
normal stuff oh that one's bad too there
it's still easy to drink because it's
just like watery you know what I mean so
you just you just scale it down my poor
nose is all peeling I'm doing a makeup
tutorial today so hopefully no one gets
angry about that people like to get a
great about the weirdest things on
YouTube sometimes guys I just spilled my
beetroot juice and it really really
really unfortunate please man
why maybe I got some mail this is from a
PR company and this is from EXO Beauty
which is my own business but I needed
some more glue so I got some sent over
my favorite it is the ad I'll brush on
one and it doesn't have latex in it so
it dries like instantly they soon
anything like I like JoEllen stuff but
it takes forever to apply because you're
gonna sit there and like let it dry off
and everything and then at this Oasis
Beauty little makeup bag super cute
actually I was in that the PR companies
package it's a BB cream Oasis Beauty BB
cream and here is all of the info I like
haven't blocked all day I've been
filming so I filmed a date tonight
makeup tutorial my voice is a little bit
croaky but they excuse my lip product
it's not very even it's not very tidy
because I was just chucking it on
because I filmed it favorites video as
well and I wanted to show you guys what
the like favorites looks like on so I
stood up very measly though we can
ignore that I'm just about to eat anyway
it's 1 o'clock and I'm hungry it's gonna
go to the gym today but now I'm not sure
if it's
good idea alright I'll decide after I
ate it's just that I don't know if you
can hear but I sound very nasally I'm
having trouble breathing out my nose I
think my sinus is a blogger might take
some heels then hopefully I'll feel
better soon dropping everything so I'm
just doing the same thing as you so
excuse my weird outfit I'm actually
wearing like a good one part but I
haven't clipped it up so it's like
riding up so we're just gonna pretend
like this not happening I used so much
to matter what I might they goes how
much tomato is too much tomato
I'm so sorry there I just feel like I've
been talking about anything in my recent
loads like my life is so boring right
now I'm sick and it's just like lame
think we're going to the security still
tomorrow I think so take you along with
me some of you will probably think this
is cigars that sometimes I just have
like slices of tomato with some paper
it's like a snake I love Tomatoes my
mother made small pink salt pink salts
really good for you compared to other
salt it's my favorite kind of salt in
its pink which is a bonus but pink salt
let me tell you why it's a bit of you
know known as you know I know it's
better for you let me google it here are
10 amazing benefits of pink salt can
they just do ballpoints here we go
create an electrolyte balance increases
hydration go away like pop up regulates
water content both inside and outside
cells balance the pH level it's such a
body and how to reduce acid reflux
prevent muscle cramping aid in proper
metabolism functioning strengthen bones
lower blood pressure help the intestines
absorb nutrients prevent winters brew
improve circulation dissolve and
eliminate statement to remove toxins
okay I don't even know any of that I
thought it just had like more like
vitamins and minerals or something I
don't know why do payables get so much
hotter than other foods when you pull
the by the toaster
and yes I'm wearing my pajamas up here
because otherwise they drag on the
ground because I'm short okay cream
Cheers
I get full fat cream cheese because the
light cream cheese and producer is just
like pack sugar and I mean this isn't
good for you either but sugar is the
devil just saying bagels are so annoying
why did they have to put a hole in them
why couldn't you just make a bagel
without the hole because everything
falls out of it I'm sure there's
probably a legitimate reason but I don't
care and then I put on way too much
tomato I've got way more than yesterday
you say I wanted to put more on but we
didn't have it so that's two layers I
use a lot does he know what else like to
drown their food and paper because
people just like my favorite thing again
so much still hungry but I hate the myth
they always make the worst minutes
because of all the late season he sees
on them and stuff like look at this this
is from just now just like crumbs
destroyed it is they changed my lipstick
just now it's the hot pink by pixie one
of those ones i swatched in that swatch
video a few weeks back well she's
falling off but it's okay it's fine I
wanted to let you guys know one of the
most embarrassing thing goes stories of
my life okay about me not anyone else
about me so when I went on that Kentucky
I don't know why I just remembered this
I think I'm like mentally blocked it
like you know when you just do something
so embarrassing that you like block it
out of your head okay so this is mine so
when I was on that Kentucky trip on the
very last last night of the kontiki
there was like this big party it was
like a fancy where this like really nice
bar in London and some other youtubers
came along that weren't on the contactee
so you know by that point I was
comfortable around all the other YouTube
is because I felt like the old one out
because I was like the
beauty youtuber from New Zealand to your
house is like from America and stuff and
I was like boom everyone was amazing
that that's a different story so I'm
yeah I was like finally come to around
you want everyone and then all this
didn't I say Dan and Phil in the corner
this is so embarrassing okay something
you guys may not know what that mean I
like loved the video I was like I love
the videos so much so I see them at the
corner of my eye and I start like
panicking I was like like panicking out
you know it's kind of tipsy and I hear
no I feel like I'm making this way more
embarrassing him by hate because I don't
even know if they noticed me but I'm
sure they did because I remember making
this really weird noise and they both
looked at me and then I looked at him
and I was like yeah like turned around
and I was like just go talk to them you
know like just go say hello like a
normal person but no I didn't I didn't
even go up to them I just stared at them
from afar they probably saw me staring
at him and then I was just like
panicking and biggest regret in my life
to be honest I really should have gone
up to them and said hello yeah that's my
awkward fango story it was so much more
embarrassing than it sounds as well she
don't know that we go in
I'd go into the gym but I think I'm
gonna just take off my makeup because if
you can see my face is like so much dog
give me my cheese because I was wearing
like a high neckline so I was like well
I'm gonna take this off you go Hamish
you're gonna go out for dinner later so
I live for my eyebrows on my eye makeup
on so that wants a bit from the German I
feel like wash my skin and then just put
on new foundation called being
innovative Hey and it's how weird does
this look was like I makeup on my face
anyway it's almost 6:30 and I ran like a
kilometer mm-hmm and like you know when
you're second all in hair just gets like
so painful yeah that happens so I ran a
kilometer and then I just went on the
elliptical one night when a decent speed
only I look over there's the time I
don't think I should have gone to the
gym but oh well it's done so I'm gonna
have a shower now before I catch a chill
yeah I think Hamish wants to an alone
stop at the next night so we'll probably
do that I feel so like I'm also gonna
use today's video store because I forgot
to draw Ellie oh yay uploading my first
impression went up to of the cover FX
custom cover drops so oh come on spam
him go away if you haven't seen it yet
go check it out the link will be in the
downbar yeah he's like yelling at the
PlayStation what else if I posted
recently so there's the link if you want
to go through Facebook otherwise it's
obviously on YouTube and the last call
to get the colour-pop quad it's my
spring look of human sin already I look
so orange in these pictures because my
situation was pumped up on my camera by
accident so I was not that our own
during your life but hey it's fine and
there's that I enhancing Maybelline
tutorial I did was not all Maybelline
but I used a Maybelline lip product I've
been getting so much good feedback from
that too like you guys have been loving
it and I'm so happy you liked it because
it was a bit different compared to my
other tutorials so I'm so happy you
liked it and I'm also doing a giveaway
for covergirl mascara if you live in New
Zealand make sure you enter on insta
I'm giving away 20 of these and scars
which I actually do like and yeah I
think that's it look at this oh my legs
they're like what have you done to me oh
so I haven't even eaten yet obviously
because I'll take you with me it's even
20 chairs so I am just going to pop on a
little bit of BB cream or something and
get changed we're gonna go off for
dinner so here's my before I'm gonna
actually use some of my leo le BB cream
again because it's that nice pale cloth
my natural skin tone I feel ill because
I'm sick da and working out was not a
good idea I'm so hungry
as I said the other day like I get so
low ow my ear I get so much hungry oh
and I'm like like when I'm sick when I
have a cold or whatever so at the moment
I'm just like dying I just seem to ate
like literally probably twice as much
food as I do like when I'm not saying
it's so weird when they say that the
other day loads have you said you were
the same so thank goodness is not just
me because I swear like all of my
friends are all like I'm so sick I can't
eat anything like here's me like eating
12 pizzas by myself but I'm sick I'm
just gonna take this black that wasn't
very successful my makeups kind of
screwed I'm just gonna roll with it I'm
not doing anything like to fancy what
perfume shall i wear I'm gonna wear like
opium when Danny was here she's like I'm
so Sigma if you didn't like I only
bought one I was like Simon you have to
try some and so like she was sitting
over there and I was like I tried this
one in this one listen in this one like
showing her all my favorite perfumes and
she was like oh my god they smell so
good but I think she liked this one so
hopefully she spoiled herself
oh I sprayed that in the wrong direction
and hopefully she picked up something
this one is so good
I don't know if you can get Hainish the
migrants who I mean to what love color
maybe jeffree star I'm nude which sneak
peak it was in one of my favorite I mean
it was one of my favorites in my
favorites video there's a confusing seem
tense
mmm no it looks good when I've got like
proper full face makeup like I'm nude on
the pale skin but when I don't have
bronzer and stuff on it's like too much
this is serenity by Jerrod cosmetics if
you look on my main channel and the down
by this is a I think it's 30% off card
with Free Shipping or something okay I
legitimately look sick right now I need
to put on some bronzer this is the light
medium chocolate Soleil by two-faced no
when you're just so angry that you
literally like feel like you're gonna
faint like this me right now
no it's not I should really eat a snack
but we have like no food here unless
it's like a full meal like a bagel or
something and I've got to save myself
for learn stuff put in some of this dry
shampoo before the strength and shine
once the first time I've used it makes
me if you're really really soft I really
let's go get dressed
hopefully what's the harsh lighting is
off the wine looks so terrible you see
it's not terrible it's fine not gonna
figure out what to win it
it doesn't realize - now that I'm
wearing like way too much gray marina's
taught from Moreau morale Moreau I don't
even know how you pronounce it you know
the one these jeans here a peg a Marie
they're the gray ones with the zips that
I showed you the other day that I got
random cheap shoes probably H&M in Italy
and then this jacket is misguided and
then this necklace is daily look I think
so I'm very like monotone but oh well
someone needs to feed me like right now
before I get angry what are you gonna
get the dinner yeah you gonna get ripped
shank so hopefully way mouth it's
freezing cold I don't know what I'm
gonna get you I'll show you they always
gonna like stuff we're not good at table
door cuz it's Friday night and they
don't take bookings and sometimes they
just sort of fold and then I'm like no
I think we're gonna get a loan and then
I'm going to get these vegetarian rest
of it's more nachos well maybe I'll try
this I don't know
this orange juice is so good at so Sawa
we got that pizza thing and chicken
never a machine oh my God look how big
these are it's um first BJ's okay we've
got so much food can you you're like
admire like that is big I didn't even
finish my pizza little only did not nail
it they love how like yesterday I was
talking about like oh I can't wait to
get there hello hello little fat
caterpillar hey sorry teakettle Louie
are you I can't find you why are you
lying
Lilly no hello
you're home so I just put on that um
glam glow power-mad Joel cleanse
treatment I think that's what it's
called anyway the pure one I put it
everywhere apart from around my nose
because my I'm just gonna run my nose is
super irritated from blowing up so much
but I decided to put all my like cheeks
and stuff even though I'm a little bit
try at the moment cuz it's the oily
finish and I find it's quite nourishing
on my skin so I'm giving it a going in
fingers crossed it doesn't like irritate
my skin anymore and then I'm just gonna
play rose hip oil on afterwards I just
took my hair out of a bun and it's
looking really cool but I am going to
put my camera on charge for the night
now what is my hair doing I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog I just put summers
have oil on my face and my skin is
feeling so much better it's still a
little bit confused too of course but I
don't know I just feel smoother and
clean and good
so yeah me and Hamish she's just been
lying in bed listening to music and
playing PlayStation I've had the best
night like I really have it just give me
some time with Hamish relaxing and I
haven't been sitting on my phone it's
been good
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I'll talk to you tomorrow hopefully I
