good money everybody so it's like 10
o'clock and I've just been a bit all
morning I woke up like an hour ago
I'm still feeling sick but I feel a
little bit better like I don't feel so
saw in my face it's more my ears in my
chest and my body is really like a
key--and saw so today I'm going to get
back to doing some work I'm gonna do
some video editing mum's over there
giving the dog some treats if you can
hear that
so yeah I'll probably start it a couple
more videos and just sitting up some
scheduled videos for the week Karen or
there's some emails I don't know what
else and I have a smoothie for breakfast
because I'm so sick of eating bad food
right now I ordered some more muscle
fuel stuff to La Jolla last night some
vegetarian meals I've got them online
now so I just bought like five of each
for the next week in a bit and it should
be good hopefully they arrive tomorrow
or something because I can't be all the
cooking store stuff everywhere but today
for my smoothie and maybe a banana good
green stuff cuz I need some good stuff
in my body right now
blueberries I mean milk and some baby
spinach like at mom's breakfast I'm so
jealous
bagels with cream cheese avocado you
know and then here's my smoothie which
will also be a kind of young but also
kind of not young because of the green
green stuff it's okay I need it
it's pretty good still taste that good
green stuff but screw it
why does being healthy have to taste so
bad I don't say this is like the best
thing right now I mean here smoothies no
longest time it's like so good I'm just
like dosed myself up on some
multivitamins as well so hopefully I
start feeling better soon it's got a
little cheeky box Ivanova tickets or
more lipsticks these new shades
Shopaholic show pony and beautiful
stranger we got another Elizabeth Adam
package fragile so I got this Elizabeth
I didn't skin renewal booster in a flip
it that's super cool I have no idea what
this is I've just been reading into it
so it is not 11:30 it's 1:30 and I've
just finalized three four videos a vlog
in my yesterday is like daily vlog and
in this video and had to eat it
something on the Japanese candy sorry I
can't even talk right now my whole brain
it's just like not working properly the
Japanese candy video
I just need I'm actually gonna go I
don't even showered today you can tell
I'm gonna go her wrist in the bath for a
while my fake tan needs to come off
remember I've got me some like if some
bath salts or something which was
supposed to be good for you I don't know
I don't give them a go either I just
feel like really kimchi sitting gross
and groggy and yuck so I need to do
something really say what's up work done
today so tired so I'm filling up the
bath and this is what mom gave me and at
first I was like what the hell mum cause
it talks about feeding your like plants
I was like um I don't think this is
supposed to be like bathed and but then
I read down the bottom it's it's a
relaxing bath so it makes sense
so apparently use like hop this bag I
don't know if you guys know what um
magnesium is good for feel free to write
in the comments down below because I
have no idea I'll probably do some
research later oh no I'm just told me to
try it so I am my skin's super super dry
as well so while I'm in the bath
put this on it's just like a like a
hydrating mask and you can just wipe it
off full route stuff or whatever I don't
love it but it's it's okay and I need to
use it up I'm almost done
so I'm now using some thumbnails but
it's 2:20 p.m. and I haven't eaten so I
have some lunch now mail as well I'm so
bright red I hid the hottest bath I
could manage I actually feel a lot
better like throughout my chest and
everything still feel sick oviously as
you can tell by my voice probably maybe
I don't know I need to wash my hair as
well though I'm hoping tomorrow I'll be
good enough to go to the gym right not
that's wishful thinking or not but hey
it's a bit wait for my shower that's
long aggressive it's wool for Halloween
stuff so I've got another beet juice
like beating kale and stuff and my
tomato and cream cheese bagel so excited
I'm actually like starving
bacon bid now I'm so tired I just some
work emails and editing and stuff that's
the time it's four o'clock 402 p.m. and
I'm just like so overtired it would just
be the cold like my book is really a key
I just feel like sleeping so you're
gonna have a net and like just relax and
bed watch some YouTube and just chill
out and take easy maybe do some social
media and stuff
I don't know oh yeah I'm sorry if
today's vlog is super boring like I feel
like I've done nothing at all and I
really really really want pumpkin soup I
don't feel up to going to the
supermarket
oh he's killing me because he knows sick
supposed to spend the last couple hours
not only doing this but don't hits about
this stuff - but I'm just looking at
some mock-ups of new lash boxes I just
feel like an upgrade you know like with
heads at the same box since we launched
in the same logo and everything so I'm
looking at revamping at all I'm using
InDesign at the moment obviously this is
very rough it's just like kind of like
my version of sketching I just like to
chuck stuff down and yeah it's just got
back from the gym and you want me subway
there de niro so healthy and we kind of
watch Idiot Abroad and I'm still just
doing some InDesign work on the computer
but I don't want to show you too much
yet cuz I don't want to ruin the
surprise and plus I don't really know if
it's like the final design or if I'm
gonna keep experimenting and stuff like
that I'm doing I just brush my teeth and
I'm just doing a yeah I just did them
before I'm just doing the face shop like
hit out thing because I've got all
that's like gunk just like literally
like half sticking out of my face on
this side of my nose
it's really weird my face is just
deciding to produce a whole lot more
crap at the moment so yep within
underneath here is really really dry so
I've avoided that area we might notice
is super super dry and they light all
around his really dry it'll many like
cheeks and stuff is really dry it's just
like this area that's all gunky and my
forehead tour is like oh like kingi
stood as you can say so I'll probably do
a different face mask on my forehead
tomorrow or something oh so I've been
using revita brow and I've noticed like
over the last few days like my brows
looks so much like I've got nothing in
my eyebrows right now especially this
one is looking so much like thicker like
my eyebrows it you feels like oh - it's
really weird so I'm gonna keep using me
everyday I don't it she is everyday use
it like three times a week so I always
forgive but it's definitely making a
difference so I'm feeling more motivated
to really like continue to use it and
I've been really bad with my revitalash
as well lately like just keep forgetting
to use it all the time like I'll use it
like once every two weeks so I need to
studies in that again a couple times a
week because once your eyelashes are
long you only need to use a couple times
a week
by the way we ship revitalash everywhere
in the world apart from Australia now
and we're working on Australia well
revitalash are working on Australia it's
because Australia's sort of strict with
certain ingredients like there's nothing
better and revitalash but it's just like
they've got to get like it approved and
stuff and then they're allowed to start
sending it to Australia so if you're
wanting to try it you can definitely
check it out on our website I'm actually
feeling quite a bit better right now
hopefully tomorrow morning I can go the
gem I'm like dying to go I think the
Sakura festivals on this weekend which
is really fun it's like an Asian kind of
like festival yeah it's the Cherry
Blossom Festival it's mostly like Asian
like culture and food and stuff I think
like dancing martial arts food art just
heaps of cool stuff like that so it's
pretty sure we're gonna go Pokemon games
there yeah pokemon cards inside I've got
these random ones like you it's like
they make cardboard Pokemon this is
random and then I get you to paint I
think you pay money but maybe it goes
you too might have stuff at them yeah I
remember that last year anyway that's
not the kids of your kids yeah I feel
like it'd be so fun for kids but we'll
probably just hit there to have a look
around out it also Evans look that's
what happens he's stolen your spot with
it he'll be all up Syria like no car so
spoil take me to
I think it's ready why are you doing
well is it what's great you should do
when you get so much you know how so I
got out quite a bit
you're not as big as I thought they
would be another chair I want to go get
oh my god I wish I mean a man should
just watching YouTube and beard and
we've just finished watching a couple
more idiot broads as well and Leia's
cuddled up next to me and I'm hoping
tomorrow I feel better like I'm feeling
not awful tonight like I feel not 100%
but so much better than this morning and
like today and everything so fingers
crossed really really really really
really really want to give it to like my
normal schedule I want to say hopefully
filming something tomorrow and hopefully
I can go to the gym and all of that kind
of stuff
fingers crossed I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog even though it was super
super boring I'm so sorry and I'll talk
to you again soon
