everyone so unfortunately I did not wake
up feeling better
instead I woke up feeling significantly
at work I heard a terrible terrible
sleep my sinuses are all blocked like
it's all up in here such a sore throat
sore here just not feeling fantastic
today but that's okay I just had a
meeting on the phone I've got another
Skype meeting tonight other than that
don't have too much work to do so I'm
just going to chill in bed for the day
I've already edited yesterday's vlog I
woke up first thing this morning had a
shallow and edited that so it was just
done and out of the way I have so many
packages today for some reason I don't
know why
got some redbull like look at this so
much ribald this is full and I like all
of these as well
I love the new packaging yeah just his
new stuff I don't even know what it
always so I'm just gonna open it and
show you just because it is not really
could be much else to film today I'm so
sorry like I was hoping that my
philosophy bitch to normal today like a
little bit longer because obviously when
Denny and Sully and I were all hanging
out we're just busy hanging out and
having fun that I wasn't really vlogging
too much so I was hoping my thoughts be
vaginal wall about maybe not today also
really good cuz I don't feel up to going
to the gym or anything and I really
really miss it imma bein in a week or
over a week now I think and I just feel
so like okay so I'll start yeah um I
think I bought this off it see thank you
for choosing my shop I truly hope you
enjoy your purchase it was from Sochi
Emerald had I can't find what her shops
called but it looks like this I just
searched flower crown on Etsy and it
wasn't a bad price and it's super super
pretty
so that was for like a Halloween look
but also I think I'll just work in some
other videos too because it's so pretty
it also got this mask thing I just got
this'll train me it's a kit I mean cat I
what cat mask with the cat is so that
was just for like a last minute
Halloween tutorial idea I got this off
trade me so do a video using this and
show you how it all looks and everything
and like how I'm gonna do the rest of my
makeup I also got a new face mask to try
so
you know how that goes they also got my
new goodie box I also got a bunch of
like prints and stuff for my beauty room
so I'll probably just show you a picture
of the emilynics I don't want to really
and represent all now and then over here
this girl contacted me and just asked if
she could see me something here's her
details asked if she could see me
something for a Halloween tutorial and
usually I don't accept stuff for free
like just willy-nilly but I looked at
her shop and she is so so talented so I
really really wanted to you know get
something and use it one of my holding
tutorials and show you guys how cool it
is okay let me show you over here so you
can see better like I died so I'm gonna
do some kind of like gothic makeup look
that could be worn for like a dark fairy
or like just anything like that like how
cool is that I have to say it's like
you're not wait Halloween stuff face
mask so excited can't wait to unwrap all
those prints and everything but I don't
know if I'll get around to doing that
today because I do not feel well
Haymitch was so nice this morning he
knew I was sick so when I got up he got
up and he made me some itching mine on
toast and he made me a green tea and he
also made me some juice and lemon juice
and the fridge for later just for a good
old hit of vitamins so I've got myself
sit up I have my computer I have my
puppy and he has his toy he's got his
load nugget and I've got Keeping Up with
the Kardashians on TV I'm using this
computer this was my Acer because my
Apple laptop I left the charger itself
is housed in its did just so I'm using
this one which I usually use for games
and stuff and I'm gonna put on a candle
this one here is by crawlers they make
such amazing candles like if you've
never smelled them you need to go on
their website and buy one so this is the
crawlers if you search crawlers candles
New Zealand it'll come up hello that
dark chocolate mint here it is if you
want to google it if you google that
it'll come up they also sell like bugs
like edible bugs I've got some in the
cupboard but I've been too scared to try
them
I bought the bugs myself but
this candle was sent to me for free I've
already used one of them which you're
supposed to use them together at the
same time that I don't that's what the
packaging looks like such cool packaging
and then the wax really like weird it's
a wooden Lily's watching the Kardashians
at the moment hey lemme know how he
knows I'm sure he's cuddled up to me hey
puppy
he loves it cuz bid is his favorite
place and so he is to be imbued all day
with me don't you first stop but a and
my day of feeling sorry for myself hey
stop it he wants cuddles now they don't
stop petting me Mom haha
oh cool careful he's like no this is my
mum go away Zeus my first stop of the
day is I hope because I'm not getting
whatever that is Sally did a hole the
other day of I hope snacks like food and
stuff so I would I have a browse and see
what there is because I'm interested to
see hey yes and also there's like b12
supplements since I won't have a load I
don't know how forgive me because I've
hit that shot burst whatever look my
stomach's rumbling already it's like I
don't know I feel like I always get so
much more hungry when I'm sick and
everyone else is all like I've got no
appetite when I'm sick and then there's
me and I'm like feed me everything I
just want to eat everything it's so not
fair there's plenty as he is before when
you you're cleaning Zeus's is for him
you're right serious do you feel
violated huh
oh my goodness there are so many foods
on here 6000 I got subway salad subway
again second day in a row so did I just
found this girl's channel and I'm like
obsessed with her like this isn't even a
new video I bet this is for Channel
she's so cute
it's my new makeup look we're not so go
check it out if you haven't seen it
already it's that really like glowy dewy
makeup look
I showed you guys in my vlog couple
weeks back so I'm out of bed quickly
continue some painkillers and we got
some more mail and I'm gonna drink my
juice my nose is so dry and my lips are
so dry right now lemon juice this is
very temporary Oh and beet juice and
kale and carrot and apple come on it
tastes so much better than half a lemon
my lips get real dry when I'm sick so
I'm like breathing through my nose
I mean what breathing through my mouth
because my nose is like congested and
belonged to my sinuses so I'm like we
have three parcels tied together here
okay so and one of them was my Little
Red Riding Hood cape I think I'm gonna
be a little red riding-hood this yep a
Halloween that we'll see I'm gonna do a
tutorial for a little red riding-hood
makeup and then can we just admire so
someone's enjoying their nugget Danny
what have you done he is obsessed with
that thing you see that happy I got
these lipid print ears I pulled this off
because the fluff is gross but that was
actually believe it or not excuse me
what are you doing get down damn damn
you know not I'll do that it was
surprisingly I think my most requested
video to do a lipid tutorial so I'm
gonna do that for you guys I do what the
people wants you know and then I also
got the how to live but how cool is
there so cool
hey Sharon you're completely gorgeous
was so excited we sure but with you okay
we can fill your world with a little
extra cover color so that's a that's Tim
near his literally obsessed with this he
even sleeps with it won't leave it alone
this made me laugh so much I was like oh
my god sorry I'm just on social media I
don't know what to do with myself right
now I feel like my mom's getting a
big pizza because I'm just so hold the
other my man like when was the last time
I hit a healthy meal I don't even know
right now weird comment on Facebook of
the day I swear I've got some like
armpit finish people there for me should
I show my armpits Wentz or something
like why does this happen to me there
goes my pill notification what the heck
so this is a little baby pizza okay
you they're both vegetarian Mike open
birth and then this one's got their fake
chicken stuff I've never actually tried
it before some inches it's like corn or
something mom just sent me this photo of
your pizza and on the top it says huge
fan enjoy
whoever made that whoever wrote that you
made a great pizza it's delicious I'm
just currently hanging with the puppies
and I'm on the Sephora website and just
I mean I look at what's in here I feel
like I could probably take a small cone
flow tablets tone I hate taking pills
and stuff but almost like without them
I'm just like I hope you guys enjoyed
today's log sorry I wasn't talking full
and I'll talk to you soon hey my throat
just made a really weird noise it was
like whoa
