good morning I'm about to put some
makeup on the car we're gonna go get
some Japanese food wearing a white fox
boutique t-shirt with my so a
white fox boutique didn't check it I
don't know what we're doing today still
there by the way so I guess we'll just
find out by the way don't get on that
and I know it's raining them I just move
it so I can get on the it was like
gym down the slide as you can see
there's like no room I don't know what
are you gonna get you're gonna get your
scallops heaven I'm not gonna get there
this time
maybe this one
all of the stripper that one's quite
nice yeah my kid I don't know if I feel
like sushi off their own soupy it's good
yeah it is it's just real fault
what do you mean that spice it know like
just hate hop oh I don't know if I feel
like a whole food differently getting
some guys up
we got green tea
so that the music and Hanna's robots
they have this chillers sometime they
have the the Pierre version of the
Disney songs I'll do that
you should pull this real early because
it's sort of luminal text like eight
outs to drink it good Oh TV
it's things away heavier than it looks
sure it's so yeah I love it
I ended up going with the soybean that
was hot so young do you want more
something um nah cuz I'm not gonna
really have much to say Misha's noodles
you love Daisy I think Oh favorite kinds
of noodles did not nail it it's huge she
can't tell through the camera
looks like a big like army plane or
something found but it's just what it
looks like to me yeah yeah so today we
just we went for a drive out to Fox 10
just curves and they had look at the
houses and stuff but definitely not the
kind of area we want to buy a beach
house but we just thought we'd go for a
look because we nothing else to do
now we're at home we're gonna play some
games I've got um that tinted brow I
mean tinted lash primer on by benefits
my favorite thing about freaking love it
so much like and then gimme brow and
this bleed I don't even do anything I
just like to scratch my face and we
train these nails a you were not stoked
not too happy about that
but you've gotten over right and say
super chill I don't even know what we're
doing tonight I don't know if we're
hangouts readings or not been drinking
too much lately like it really came with
being light having parties and stuff
because like friends have been off work
that we normally don't see and blah blah
blah so kind of came for a quiet night
at home but also kind of bored so we'll
see what happens
I'm gonna play some stars your belly
again I just an Instagram post so soon
are having fun with your daughter what
are you doing I understand I really yes
Saturday night junk food paneer makhani
none TV but the TV is not working what
everyone their nights here he just
doesn't turn on
I just goes makes its weird noise hmm TV
is broken again
come on keep mine
there it goes
maybe yeah oh my god I took ages think
this TV is coming up on us mm-hmm
strange or often what oh this is the
worst show ever Dance Moms UK what else
is on
yeah
have you been locked in the bedroom
asleep under the blankets where we
didn't know you were and you didn't even
yell out to us to say you were in here
no I just been filming a little face
mask video I came into my room to rinse
it off and he's just like Cedeno there's
no sticking out like you can't see me he
knows he's not allowed to be in here
unsupervised otherwise he tries to get
into like the drawers and stuff but he
didn't so it's fine like it doesn't do
everytime but we usually just make him
sit out in the last during the day
otherwise who would literally spend all
day and all night and the bead
wouldn't your lazy bones don't sniff my
luck I know it smells like peppermint
you don't need to look at no okay come
on time to go come on so here's the look
obviously without the glasses on so you
live just stay tuned to see how it looks
with the classes although the video
might be up already by the time you
watch this I also filmed a little mini
skincare video for my Instagram my skin
obviously as you can see is cleared up
about tun thank goodness
bath time I need to eat soon I'm gonna
edit this video I'm someone get it up
ASAP and then from tomorrow I'm going to
be editing heat to videos and filming
heaps of videos it's really exciting
last-minute trip to Germany I'm going to
Germany I'm taking my friend Michaela
with me just hamish his exams so so it'd
be really fun to spend more time with my
friends that asked Micaela because she
it's time I know she doesn't get time
off easily but she just had to leave and
everything and so it was a lot easier
for her just to be like yeah I can come
so I'm really excited and hopefully I'll
be able to take more of my friends
overseas with me in the future if this
goes well which I'm sure it will really
excited it would be so fun and she's
going to help me vlog everything so I
don't know what exactly I'm doing just
yet but there will be more information
coming of course so stay tuned and if
you're from Germany oh my gosh stay
tuned for the information cuz I'm gonna
do a meet-up and I would love to meet
you guys my German is very limited all I
know is like Rammstein lyrics and
whatnot very hungry right now so I'm
actually gonna make just like a coffee
I'm a Mandarin quizlets Mandarin from
Australia Australia Toronto I know I
shouldn't be drinking much
with my cortisol and stress but I just
feel like okay I don't have them I feel
like some people might have got the
wrong idea when I was talking about
coffee and have been having it quite a
lot and stuff like I don't I'm not
addicted to coffee like how do I say
this you know how people get like not
addicted that's the wrong word like
dependent I guess on care thing so I'm
not like they're like I will have like
coffee every day for like three days and
then go without them for a week and why
it's fine
I just feel like coffee sometimes I do
try to have team often because Eliska
thing just because I don't want to
develop a dependency on caffeine I guess
like so many people in my family I have
a hot out dependency on caffeine whether
it's in like coca-cola oil where it is
in coffee where they literally cannot
function without it and get headaches
migraines like it's so bad and as you
don't want to know about that so I like
the occasional you know everything in
moderation that's how I look at it I
feel like an iced coffee say so that's
what I'm gonna make and you guys may
remember how I made it from like a
different vlog boom it's gonna show you
again cuz I feel like it okay
they just quit it everywhere I feel like
this is not gonna taste good with
Mandarin flavor in my mouth I'm not
still good so just coffee mixed with
some cold water and then I chuck in
heaps of ice and then I put a more cold
water until there's like a couple of
inches left at the top and now I'll just
put a little bit of soy milk in like you
saw so like from maybe like they're up
with I feel like you don't need that
much because to me the soy milk is quite
strong so in order to keep it quite
coffee tastes actually like the taste of
coffee like I'll drink black coffee so
if you like the taste of coffee
don't put too much soy milk in although
if you don't like strong coffee I guess
you'd put more and duh I'm just saying
the obvious right now on Thai lucent all
my cheekbones love I'm wearing the flirt
lashes on the outer corner my eyes see
how it's real thick so natural bits so
pretty okay time to do some work where
canonic so you stuff you guys come on
this is what I have to deal with it well
you get okay
we we we leave we've progressed 200 won
in my life right now mr. drew Menon
noodles I have these Tom Yum noodles
all right have hot and spicy I don't
know which ones I want maybe Tom Yum cuz
these also guy and I am starving I'm
like craving noodles right now so it's
hitting boiling the jug what's the
important things okay
oh my fate has developed a lot all of a
sudden my face is really paddle against
my chest meant muddles usually i drain
out some of the liquid but this is like
a paste
I've never actually had this before so
it better be good because I'm craving
good termina noodles and if they are not
good I might be pissed man that looks
revolting looks like a tongue like tell
me Who am I gonna be such an idiot I
just tipped out the water every bit that
looks like a tongue right okay it does
just believe me oh yeah I'm such an
idiot
whoo and then just to make them healthy
I'm gonna add some vegetables so this is
no longer bed for me because it has at
least three different types of each
ethernet and that's how food works right
man this looks gross
looks like glue we took a church and my
noodles okay
taste taste this is gonna ruin my
lipstick I can already feel it it what
smells hot out like Tom Yum
which makes things right yep not a bit
spicy I like it I feel like it doesn't
have as much flavor though it's just
kind of like and it does but I almost
want it like Sophia you know how
normally a minute knows those super
salty because it's a seasoning you know
what you can buy this and you wrote it's
the best ever stock powder it's beef
flavor but it's completely vegan like so
cool it's what I use to cook my quinoa
so I'm just gonna add like a little bit
just to make a little bit saltier you
know extra healthy
they're pretty dang good I'm making
toasted sandwiches for dinner because I
am feeling lazy a if famous just had
some leftovers oh you know doing
anything but I'm really hungry I have no
head tomatoes and I'd like to say like
months like at home I mean
Hamish was hungry too this one's
pastrami I think and cheese this just
looks amiss
oh my God look gloopy
let's get that oh look they like
perfectly symmetrical
I mean matching he puts those or
entities there by the way turns happy
boy we just took photos ah that's my my
couple road now you have to like only it
is as the flesh I think crying yeah yes
like so men yeah you have to look at me
though
yes well you don't have my nose yeah no
dude but yeah thank you funny to do so
mum when you did yours yeah just a
little just a little you if they
actually I'm or you need to flex on can
you move it forward slightly
yeah hold that there
you gonna take it that's why it's just
trying to focus
oh you you need it you're the worst oh
no she knows is very taking photos like
the iPhone qualities real good and you
can see everything we need so I'm not
going to show you the photos but you
should this is what happens when you're
in a relationship and you're bored no
and when you're procrastinating study
again how much the exams can give Fox
right now I took a photo about paper
shows knows it's the worst thing I've
ever seen I really want one of those
like real close-up um like cameras that
you say like the hair follicles in the
pores and stuff so
it doesn't look bad no it's not
yeah
watch your eternal life photos as well
we're like I'm gonna keep them forever
