good morning I don't know if you guys
either get this but sometimes it not
time if I get really cold like if I'm
asleep and I have the blankets off me
or something like that I like up in the
morning really really sick and that's
what happened like my glands are like
pull out my neck some of that take some
cold or flu tablets and hopefully I'll
feel better by tonight like it's usually
50/50 light sometimes I'll get a
full-blown cold other times I feel fine
in a few hours so I'm seeing my fingers
there I'll be ok later so this morning
I'm just going to eat it yesterday's
vlog quickly and then I'm dropping Denny
off at the airport which I'm quite sad
about but I'm sure I'll see her again
really soon we had so much fun and I
really feel like we got along really
really well like you meet lots of
youtubers and you get along but then
it's like different like getting along
with someone really like connecting with
someone and like feeling like a really
close friend or something you know I'm
really stoked and she's a really nice
person
oh yeah I'm just gonna eat it I'm in
like the comfiest clothes because I just
feel like I don't know how much I'm
going to vlog today because I'll be
driving for like 4 or 5 hours today so
we'll see I'm back Denny's gone it's 10
past 3 p.m. I didn't make true bedtime
and my headache is coming back so I'm
gonna take more painkillers now and then
I'm gonna eat it and maybe the Japanese
food challenge and I got myself a subway
Subway's like my favorite food when I
don't feel well I don't know why I just
love breed oh I'm gonna eat it and relax
for the rest of the day since today's
vlog is super boring I want to add in
something that I did on the weekends
basically I did my first prank so
basically you guys know prank vs. prank
Gina and Jessi hey I like ultimate
pranksters I love their videos I hung
out with them whenever one of my
contacts
last year I think it was last year
wasn't it yeah anyway so basically they
collaborated with kontiki to do this
prank video which I'll leave the link
down below in the downbar
I watched it you say the day before or
something that's so funny they sent
someone off on a Kentucky and basically
pranked
M was very clever but I'm not so good at
pranking like I've never done it before
so I just stacked the good old phone
pranks it was my first time I think I
did pretty good though
just my pretend is real like it just
actually has been okay I'm cool how are
hello it's me how long are you by
yourself yeah can you talk for like five
minutes
yeah yeah I'm like panicking I'm sorry
if I lost let you know when you're real
nervous you kind of like laugh a little
bit why I haven't told anyone only going
on one of the chair I'm sorry I'm just
like pity giggle wiggle it I feel like
I'm about to cry I having hot
publication hooked wrong I am pregnant I
haven't told anyone you it alright
 do it
this a like panicking logic adored noise
I don't think it's high Misha's what
no you're with me oh no I'm
serious I can't talk I can't tell anyone
like everyone else is like really good
friends with Hamish I'm like panicking
you can't tell anyone can you not I'm
like shaking
oh my god can you not like close it
tears right now I'm looking like me no
I'm serious no wait hold on what I use
why you don't cry are you crying I'm in
shock oh I don't believe you
I literally do not believe you why don't
you believe him because who else would
it be
yeah not for like what do you mean it's
not higher sure what the hell okay I got
hold it I'm sorry hard me
oh hell you know I'm actually shaking
right now I'm okay
I put him
try all the way 20 years right now
you over
oh my god I couldn't help myself it was
my that was my first prank video I think
I did pretty good
I was literally shaking I was about
Kentucky I'm going like Sally and Danny
and they're in the background like a
crying I'm like so worried oh my can
Bears just save it
he's like who else would it be Shannon
that was so funny he's like I'm gonna
get you when you least expect it r.i.p
oh my gosh oh my gosh there's the first
time I pranked anyone and I'm like
shaking and I'm gonna print came ish and
I don't really know exactly like what
I'm gonna say but I don't even think
Hamish is gonna fall for it but we'll
see
hello hey what's up I'm panicking
welcome it up I hope you're getting
great not announcer ah what's going on
what are panicking about hey actually I
accidentally drove into another car and
the Porsche yeah
what's wrong with it then the wheels
making a really weird noise when I like
drive down the road hello makes like a
thumping noise I don't know I just kind
of like I wasn't far away from Sally's
house haven't even told Sally yet I
don't know what to do so I just rang the
insurance company so what happens the
damage on the car then I think I damaged
the other car more I don't leave a note
yeah then drove off do you know what I
look like or the number one why don't
you run sorry I was just sitting here
thinking if DOM is there I would never
do that I would never just remove by the
road or oh god sorry lucky
I was so embarrassed doing this pranks
like I don't know how people like post
such big pranks like that was so hard
for me I was like giggling my little
face off I just love how Chris is like
I'm gonna get you back why you so
obsessed with me watching YouTube
tutorials in English so I got Southwest
sauce lettuce gherkins onions and
capsicum and smoked cheese so good I was
laughing so much of this I take Denny
and Sally because we were laughing at
how much junk food were waiting weekend
while Denny's been here so accurate you
guys should check out Denny's blog she
just did a blog post about her
experience in New Zealand and I almost
started doing out well I did start
tearing up I'm not gonna lie oh my gosh
she is the sweetest person ever and I
already miss her how's that you ready to
go home and she's like no not really
so it is 6:38 and i only just finished
using this it took so long
it it but it's done now I'm going to go
relax relax and feelings against against
against the night progresses I think I
need just go rest actually first I'm
going to show you what I got in the mail
I got some oh I almost closed my
computer when it's exporting I got some
mail this morning and I went open to you
so I'll show you what I got quickly one
of the parcels is from ASOS which I've
been waiting for for that week and a
half or something now I bought some um I
bought some new swimsuits for when I go
to Tahiti with Kelly
hamish just got home Terri so we have
four boxes here so I got quite a lot of
stuff I forgot how much I got but I got
some high-waisted like neon peach bikini
bottoms and then this is a one-piece
that's like lace at the front and then
this is another one piece that it's got
like a chain on it which I thought was
really really really pretty and this is
just like a bustier top with like a
corset II kind of lace up back and I
think this is the bottom that goes with
it high-waisted as well and then this
crochet bottom this is a really cute
lace up skirt what are you doing you
feeding the dogs this hair is just a
really casual like maxi dress that ties
up around the neck which I thought would
be nice for the beach as well just for
like at dinner time for if we're going
out for dinner and stuff because it's
like nice and classy but still quite
casual and good for the beach and then
this bikini hair is just like the
leopard print one which I love leopard
print so I couldn't turn that one away
and then this is just like a pleather
skirt which I've been buying up for ages
and I finally purchased it then in
another box I got the nume megastar pink
straightener you can curl your hair with
this as well so I thought I'd do a
tutorial using that hey love can't stop
won't stop I know all new shades just
because it's more of their ultra matte
lip shades that stick and shade from a
live edge of the first two left shades
and then it the one on the far right are
so pretty is the names of all of them
hopefully you can read that and then
I've no idea what's in this last box
over where it's come from
what is this oh it's new and a sturdier
staff do I already have this or is it
like a new one why it's a fear one so
good it's actually going to be good to
have a slightly pale one because the
light one doesn't really highlight my
face too too much or open it packaging
looks different - that looks like a
better contour shade for my skin Tonee
with my fake tan like I don't know I
prefer like the paler colors a little
bit easier to work with I find so that
looks nice thank you
the illuminators I've been dying to try
these I've been meaning to like all of
them I did not throw out yet I guess
maybe they are and then there's like a
little highlight brush which looks
really nice too so in here is called
starlight and it's a really really
pretty pale like champagne kind of color
this one here is called it so Hollywood
and this is more of a golden kind of
tone but it's not straight up gold I
find it straight gold colours they look
a little bit overwhelming my skin this
one here is a Riviera and it's like a
pinky kind of tan color and then the
last one is called peach nectar
it's a peachy color and that's what they
all look like on my hand to look really
really pretty I'm not sure how the last
two are going to look on my skin tone
but I guess we will find out you're
going to work or not you really do you
mind
probably should not be doing this
so Hamish and I are just watching an
Idiot Abroad and going to sleep so I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
hope the pranks are kind of funny to
watch a bit different and I will talk to
you tomorrow hopefully bye
