good morning I just got up and showers I
see my lawn for like 7:00 7:30 and slip
down I'm so tired and I couldn't get
myself out of bed to go to the gym I
just had shower wash my hair and no it's
great some breakfast it's 9 o'clock and
do some filming so I'm just making some
toast and I got three parcels I think
it's all Halloween stuff so we have a
wig
stupid super super colorful we have a
witch hat classic and some lace honey on
toast today for breakfast
Lucy jealous yeah so we've both got
makeup on now yeah I did hello to you
today on camera we just ended up filming
a check it ready on Denny's channel just
some he's like bright bold lip color
like just casual makeup okay and now
we're gonna try and figure out what to
film on my channel we have no idea what
to film the lighting is just going like
so great as well like it's real cloudy
outside which is like the best lighting
yeah we're gonna do the baby food
challenge because Danny's never done it
I did it last like a year old to a girl
terrible but I think it'll be funny even
though I just did like a Japanese candy
video like it's a couple third ones but
oh well just upload them separately
disgusted people always like you
overreacting but I promise like no so
this is happening you're in for a treat
let me just say that I'm not gonna say
anything else but you're in for a treat
oh my hair that was vile I vomited I
actually vomited
on video living the life right now I'm
gonna eat it this video I think it's
gonna go up Monday next week and I'm
going to eat it yesterday slug and maybe
the Japanese candy video what should go
up and like a few weeks because I don't
want to do the baby food challenge and
the Japanese food like at the same time
if it makes sense only like spread them
out a little bit then you have something
more to look forward to as well a new
makeup and hair tutorial went up there I
filmed was it last week or something so
go check it out and say if my vlog
channels sent you and we are both
editing still so here's a little like
sneak peek of what happens oh hey
we're both watching some so well out on
the TV
nobody's cut it up in the blanket with
me it's so cold today isn't it low back
there you go we have for dinner
hello sir hello oh um people want to
know did you like your butter chicken
for dinner last night narrow because I
really really really wanted to bring
Danny here one of my favorite
restaurants I'm so excited I hope she
likes it it's just a goose look at you
exactly I'm calling into coming here I
wonder what the things are there for the
girls my favorite I'm gonna get the same
thing as last time
you're gonna get a drink I get this
pumpkin risotto I don't know what
started to get though so I just got the
vge risotto if you stuff for me every
business was on us so good yeah yeah and
then Danny got the chicken and risotto
so we're both on it
what's wrong you playing with your
nugget it's a negative cuz he's got no
Ansel digs okay Louie cut it up to
Hamish
hey there's my dog in the world is he
why is that because looking on does
nothing it's under a blanket what do you
want him to do do you want him to do
some vacuuming can start making some
money for this house already kicked out
little feet I knew it was soon as she
put on it she is talking about what do
you mean oh stuck on YouTube I told you
yeah he's like we're only watching one
video and we've been on here for a while
the yeah it's pretty light tonight I
slept in this morning I was so tired
tomorrow probably won't end up going to
the gym either because I've got a drive
Denny down to Wellington my lipsticks so
bad I don't want her to go home I told
her she should just like move in just
 I live in the spirit room but not
there's the kind of chocolate any like
he's doing a hater he's like she does
there's nothing wrong with strawberry
chocolate yeah I tried your coconut
chocolate knows probably just as
terrible snow this the coconut
chocolates amazing oh I'm gonna throw
your strawberry chocolate out no Nikki
disease so gonna trick by shut out tree
not shut up so straight
no it's me Moo sorry sorry about it yep
use me as a stole I don't mind yeah put
your bum on my head that's cool
I can't wait to wash off my makeup
lipstick
I'm going to sleep now this is a really
creepy angle that I just took off my top
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I'll talk to you tomorrow bye
