the aftermath of last night we didn't go
to slave it to like 5:00 a.m. and is now
like 30 so leave a name now sir man
Danny it's just getting ready because
I'm gonna drive it Tommy
this'll be fun like a little bit tired
but she'll be right today's vlog may not
be interesting because obviously we're
just traveling and who knows well
obviously speaking a very true day
because I'm a little bit however at home
let me help
where they gone
is this because my phone I found a new
girlfriend oh no it's gone I got some
mails so I'll show you what's inside
quick look how cute this is Jenny got
Zeus and Louie toys how freaking cute
he's so happy
let me get it and Louie is like sitting
here eating the fluff off this one he's
like young we like galloping he's so
happy he's jumping for joy
I'm so sorry happy on the toys before
look at them they like abscess hey Zeus
look good like throw it oh not oh he
wants that one he's like it squeaks I
want this one
so cute anyway so this is what was
inside the package is let's contact KC's
another hint for like Halloween
tutorials so I got a bow it's in 3d and
tons of context like there are oh I
think they must have given me a couple
pairs like for free because I did not
order this many but super super cool so
now I'm all set well actually I'm still
waiting for stuff for other tutorials
but I've got all my
comtex really now so I can start filming
like the real fun ones so it's like 3:00
p.m. and mantaining haven't eaten so we
are gonna go get some food and go to the
dog pack and take the dogs for a walk
so says like Oh in here yeah there yet
are we there yet we're just getting some
subway quickly we're gonna take it to
the pack we will be back in one minute
say bye Denis we've just got stuff later
I just got VG's and Zeus is nothing out
because we're at the parking noise but
we just want to eat something quickly
before we start walking
we promised we'll take you for a walk in
a moment what are you doing it's like I
do I'm like flipping at me Antonia like
watching and like oh my god goes how
cool is this
PewDiePie seems like such a cool dude
like how cool he deserves it though he
works so hard I'm just right she's I
just got splitter Briscoe's from money
offal always darling and she thinks it
look like sisters the video is great and
we should do more I just found this on
Facebook and I well I haven't just and
I've seen it like around on Twitter
Tumblr Facebook like this meme thing if
I had all the money in the world look
it's like my lipstick
down the bottom like it's my lipstick in
the bottom corner and I think that one's
jaclyn hills room yeah I don't know
whose that is
and then that's my lipstick sunny Louie
is loving his new toy as you can say
well let the money he's cleaning his
foot stole that sure they're nuts way
check-in your toy like potting it is
that I'm numb
do you love it how much do you love it
so much
Hamish is that getting us dinner at the
moment so I asked Danny if she's ever
heard but a chicken she's like no I
don't even know what it was you don't
order that's right yeah so I was like
holy you need to try it's like one
of my favorite hungover foods in the
world but then I was like what if
she doesn't like it so
hey she's getting us pizza and butter
chicken just in case but yeah I'm gonna
have some pizza - we got like a
vegetarian one there I got when did I
get out it was like last weekend oh my
gosh
terrible eating so good it's like the
best pizza I think one of the best
pizzas I've ever had in my whole life
it's amazing and then butter chicken in
nine braids I'm so excited just I could
cry I'm so happy about it mmm
living the life Lois so jealous thick PP
and vegetarian pizza this is what we got
last weekend it's so good my food baby
right now is so real my cheeks are
really red because it's really hot man
I'm just been like rubbing my makeup off
my face so we're getting ready for big
now it needs to pitaya obviously like
it's a little bit weird like I get it
when I go to Australia and you get a
little bit like jet-lagged stop it even
though it's a couple out let's just
throw a jewel plus we have a big night
and we didn't hit like four or five
hours late cuz I didn't get home until
like 5:00 a.m. sorry I'm gonna lie bid
and just chill with a face mask before I
go to sleep you might have a stimulant I
as well we want to go at the gym
tomorrow moving everything this is the
circle Jeju volcanic clay mask and I
remember using this one so using a vlog
I can't remember but I remember if I
liked it on top that I'm gonna use this
today so that's what I'm doing my skin's
all full at the moment I'm not sure why
I might be hormones and stuff then I was
so good I feel so sick now
plus I'm hungover today it doesn't help
does it so I just wash off that face
mask a nice kind of feels so much better
already it just feels so much smoother
and just nice and clean
I'm so glad I did that so now me and
Hamish going to sleep and Louie Therese
on the bid I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog sure I didn't really
much I was driving one morning and
sleeping and then we were just like
hanging out like we've just been having
heaps of fun just like basically doing
that thing like I'm not even can it was
just being like me and Danny of just
being sitting on the couch watching
YouTube videos like chatting and just
like you know just doing normal people's
stuff nothing worth really like vlogging
about so I hope you guys understand
thank you so much for watching please
sums up if you did like it and subscribe
if you ant or really I always feel bad
saying there but I should say there like
please subscribe goodnight everyone look
at this little chin just like mom leave
me alone I'm trying to sleep don't be
worried have a good day bye
