good morning everyone so today's
Saturday and we are just chilling with
had breakfast already 11:50 this friggin
we were waiting yes I think later I mean
we might see how we feel my crucial
thing might not might go out clubbing
might not we'll just see what happens
um yeah I don't really know what else to
say at this stage Sally made me some did
you might on toast mm-hmm that's a let's
hit enter oh yeah everyone's just baked
and I just showered my fake tan is
looking better than it did yesterday but
I also need a moisturize because it's a
little bit like dry looking so I've done
my makeup there's Danny creepin in the
background we're gonna wait this is hit
my address right now we're gonna beat
yes yes it does huh we're gonna be
filming this it is Japanese candies oh I
can't remember where I got this ROM it
would seem to me from like a Japanese
like candy company with snipped company
or something so when I do the video list
it in the downbar of that video yeah I'm
really excited hopefully there's nothing
like really gross well he's just
chilling over there in a broth that was
not expecting there okay we're having a
good selfie day we got a selfie stick
out and we're just like taking millions
of photos you've got to take advantage
of it like when you're in a good selfie
mode just gonna take like hundreds so we
just did the Japanese trying the care
new thing holy crap we tried these
buttons right okay I'm not gonna show
you everything we tried obviously
because you can see the video but these
ones were like rose by flavors into it I
don't know the worst things so yeah like
they tasted like old women like no
offense but you know like that very
distinctive smell you know I mean these
like Shelly didn't even get a gross one
at first were like you have to try
another one this read it unless I'd know
it say those little bees and it's like
oh my god it like it was something else
it was salmon it was salmon flavoured
lollies nuff said I make it like this is
what happens so you know hey yeah but
your student a persimmon juice Annette
so we get ignorance
I didn't it was like good-tasting and
then maybe another one and so yeah stay
tuned on my main channel for that one I
don't know when I'll put it up probably
in like a couple weeks or three weeks or
maybe even a year who knows so here's my
outfit of just the day I think I'm just
gonna head to the mall and get some food
not too sure what we're doing it's
pretty late it's like three or four
o'clock so we're just being like messing
around chilling out and filming all
morning so these pants here those ones
from pagan Marie you have to go get
appeared they are so comfy and they look
so good like I'm obsessed with them
they've got those splits in the knees
and they're like fake Lea there and they
just look good there my shoes are those
ones from at Gleason's which I wear all
the friggin time love those now I've got
this place Sudan which i think is just
from like Teahupoo or white fox boutique
or something and then this little
lightweight jacket is from cotton on
body it's just like a workout jacket but
I think that just looks nice just
checked on over top I'm wearing so much
black guys look at you proud of me in
that Nicholas which I don't know where
it's from but I know like tons of
boutiques sell the same one here's my
makeup I am gonna be taking it off and
redoing it for tonight
I think Sally's filming it for her
Channel like a get ready with us for
clubbing video I don't know I'll let you
know later Hey look at Sully's jacket
it's really cool where's it from
it's really nice yeah so nicely' you
always have like nice jackets I feel
like I have like no jackets you cook
like well these like real nice like I've
been wellington history true
I'm gonna like trip over we're just
gonna get some food now and then
probably just look around for a while
women eat in today apart from all those
snacks kind of hungry but also kind of
feeling sick so I got mangoes it's from
cake
we're in a tank crew this is like the
New Zealand version of like Starbucks
white goes like tank white goes
we're hitting I'm shaking so much it's
freezing I'm sorry we're heading to this
like burger place yeah thorned in this
is a hair that thorn didn't ship re and
sell it in time I said it's like real
good so I'm so excited
YUM oh it's busy I'm gonna get the bacon
burger it sounds really good you know
what moly a little chip display is she's
just like putting in the new mouth right
now
thank you I'm really I'm really good at
narrating how good are they are they
good oh my goodness that Sully's burger
she got fish and I got the I already
showed you oh my goodness let's onion
rings I'm in heaven and so happy so good
so I took off all my makeup because
we're gonna film a get ready with us on
full force Ellie's channel I think it's
for yours right yeah for Sally's channel
so I'll let you guys know when it's up
in one of my vlogs and Sully made me
this drink and it's so good what is it
okay it's basically a six on the beach
tastes really good mmm I just sitting I
pull the lights I'm gonna stop filming
like we just wanna film we just want to
finish so if you like stop hanging out
but like everything keeps going wrong in
selling ulster camera but now we found
it so we good we thought Redick is my
makeup of the night so we filmed it on
Sally's channel so keep an eye out for
that
Sally you look flair yeah Danny is
looking like a babe
she's like my lipstick is that node 1 by
doors like that nude matte 1 mixed with
I'm nude by Jeffrey star my lashes are
the gold digger bike so beauty they look
like lash extensions so put them on so
friggin good tonight so started myself
nailed it look at me now look at me now
yes Sally doc silly it's almost midnight
and we're just chillin those things
Chris Brown okay I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog bye
click get low when never to go
