hey guys so as you can see here I've
just hopped out of the shower I'm so
tired
I tried to sleep for as long as I could
it cuz there's a sick yesterday like I
need a lot of sleep so that I can
successfully drive without getting tired
blurry odd or anything so I probably
about 9:30 I went to bed last night with
a padding migraine this morning I woke
up and it was still like pounding so I
had to take some painkillers I don't
really like taking painkillers
I only take them if it's like absolutely
necessary and I forget today it was so
I'm starting to feel a little bit better
now just show it shaved my legs feeling
like a naked mole rat now I'm going to
pick ten and then after that I'll
probably edit yesterday's vlog do my
makeup get rid of you Peck I've got
about two hours to do all of this so
should be good fake tan is on but you
cannot see how tan I am in real life
because the lighting is so bright it
looks a little bit patchy because I was
like rubbing my skin so I was in such a
rush but once I rinse off the bronzer
it'll look fine there's the thing like
just a quick tip people would say like
oh I put on my feet and it looks so
pitchy I kinda smooth sometimes you just
have to hold out until you rinse it off
once you rinse it off it's usually just
the bronzer that kind of like goes yuck
on top of your skin so if you do apply
to it rushed and a bit me see just wait
it out rinse it off and usually it looks
completely fine as long as all of your
skin is covered you don't have any of
your like natural skin peeking through
it does like come off quite well I
haven't finished my makeup yet that
hamish made me juice this morning it's
good we got a few more packages so I'll
show you what's inside quickly look at
how cute this little note is look at the
emojis so it's some new Rimmel stuff in
here and the second bag there is this
golden envelope and who is it Mac look
how pretty this is what the lipstick
packaging looks like how beautiful and
then the eyeshadows I guess lip gloss so
this lipstick color here is called
Zenith this one here is a thrill orchid
this is bright pink bouquet this is
called morning light in oh my goodness
it is so pretty I only say this with me
Wellington and this blush is called red
water lily which is also super pretty
okay I'm definitely taking these and
maybe I love these tulips texture I'm
gonna take it all and then we have a big
fall what is in here buxom oh my
goodness
look you guys whoa
and then this last one I can't show you
kids it is a secret project but you'll
surely find out about it sooner or later
all right so I've packed some Japanese
candy in case we get time to do a video
or like trying Japanese candy I've got
my extensions my toiletries makeup and
everything in there as well as some
shoes computer and stuff for my daily
vlogs and then all the rest of my
clothes here so I am running so late I
need to leave right now I just thought I
would let you guys know that I'm on my
way to Ali's house what's due in a
couple of hours I like it really matters
once the blogs up anyway hey so what
this time now it's 3:20 and I just got
Sally Pass it's at least doing it so
we're gonna go pick up Danny in like
10-15 minutes or so
I think she's probably landed by now but
she's still gotta go through customs and
I get her bag and everything but I'm
super excited and I'm also super hungry
I didn't eat anything before I lived all
I had was that juice this morning and
I've like got the shakes it's not fun oh
I haven't blood you Hey look who it is
we just got back to Sully's I left my
camera at home but Sally blogs the I
mean holds these the other day blogs
these and I really wanted to try them
out like save me some and I realized I
must either take it's a pun like sniffy
cuz they're like you know it's not
peanuts oh yeah you can use this for
like peanuts I'm not saying you're
amazing but like for a healthy chip okay
now I'm getting nervous so I can go make
a peanut oil something
look me in the eye and tell me you hate
them
don't make it don't make you do it oh
you hate peanuts oh they'll be why you
hate them
it's weird I don't know why they have a
nutty flavor cause like they're not
cooked in the oil or anything more for
me yeah well usually that when the
traffic is we're in the texting yeah
they loaded for us I wait just looking
that corny place now sorry it's really
really really loud we're gonna find
someone to eat pizza nah I know there's
like a really good pasta place I would
just see what out there is this one of
them stay away everyone feels like the
rooms looking at me funny so we're at
mine and Hamish's favorite place and
Wellington one of them this is Nicolini
and they do a really really really good
pasta this used to be my birthday
tradition like every birthday I'd come
down to Wellington and go here for
dinner I am gonna get ravioli I think
I've had it before it's so good with the
walnuts Denny thank you I don't even
know like anything about wine I just
drink it just take it
- great
sound like it's working because Empress
kita never pronounce that word
I got the rebbe Olli would you give that
looks amazing the stuff is so legit
unplug it three cameras in yet we will
hit the same looking care say hello to
the vlog oh my god this is hilarious
Oh think about blogs I just give you my
do you love about the exact same camera
as well shanon's love hello we just used
periscope we just finished up and I had
no idea what was happening I was like
know what this is and then people were
chatting and we could have no fear
because you know just like this tiny
little screen we were like trepidatious
turn or work out but it was kind of fun
like I don't know I just never really
done live stuff before oh yeah
Oh something fun all those the other
night by watching PewDiePie and Dan and
so it's that time of the day again I've
got like a giant bro oh my god you can
see it look at that just really the way
just killing out watching some YouTube
I'm sorry even blogged much today but
we're just been like hanging out and you
know how how does sometimes like you
just want like chat and not just video
everything we're going for walk down the
road to new world and we are gonna get
some snacks
look how like colorful I am and like
you're kind of like oh you're a little
bit old they may but they do yeah she's
like every hi I'm small you're tall yeah
where are we selling
over to your right you have some meat to
lift here some just juice here's our
real healthier Bosco we've also got some
one Whitaker's chocolate milk because
jenny has to try it yeah and yeah we're
gonna try that and then also the Marmite
bagel crisps which you all know how much
I love these Denny is trying to open but
what it gives chocolate milk a struggle
come on temir use your muscles for
something good let's do a new world hall
yeah oh you mean from right I'm sure
those tomorrow actually picked up is EEP
and cassava veggie chips barbeque flavor
they've got 422 kilojoules of energy
purses really great for a white pumpkin
snack
next I got the best thankful bakery
mm-hmm
we got some Snickers cards because Kevin
doesn't like nuts that she likes the
Whitaker's holy showing always a passion
way to the forum picked up chocolate bar
pellets in collection yeah chocolate bar
pellets we've got P R in vanilla so
pigmented it's so buttery love the
packaging and being at the dairy milk
caramel oh and human baby for me and
Danny because Finan is known it
I'm social help si si uh yeah they're
dippity good good
and then the OMB yeah I'm excited about
this yeah it better be good
well Vinny is opening up in my favor I
need to film her reaction it's like my
thing I do we're going to be nice tent
ly lift this glam blue mosque on me for
like an hour
yeah we're going to sleep I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog and I'll see
you tomorrow
Thanks
