good morning you can all my hair I've
just checked out the way until I style
it so I've got about an hour and a half
to get ready before we take our flight
Oh food anyway so today we are going to
BMW like I said yesterday don't know
what's happening I feel like mustard oh
she's gonna be travelling by old blog
what I can hopefully it's interesting I
have no idea I'm just gonna do simple
makeup so I've still got my face skin
got a brow ROM so don't worry I'm not
gonna flash you can't wait till tomorrow
so here is my makeup Ivan's on my hair
yet but I used the Too Faced foundation
the fullness way Nastasia bible' hills
contour kit the highlighter from that
same kit plus Vic a champagne pot like
mixed together and then my blushes x1
pretty impeach they my lips is a mixture
of the Maybelline Color drama stick
thing in in with Carl and then this
Australis cray for color lipstick and
flamingo my cigars 3d metric lash by Chi
Chi all my eyes is from the Anasazi
people hills
I should are okay that looks like this
my brows I'm using Urban Decay eyebrow
pencil and Loreal brow Columba my hair
is such a mess I need to wash it really
a bit all more tomorrow so I thought I'd
show you my outfit of the day this top
here is just Eddy this I think yeah it's
the Stella spot these jeans are from
ASOS they're just like black
high-waisted and then these shoes here
are from Nike things we're just driving
and traveling I didn't want to wear
anything too intense this is just
comfortable I'm just having a piece of
cake for breakfast and so we're kind of
in a hurry kind of bother making a
smoothie or anything wrong vegetables
they just shot out of the peanuts what
you get an image
Pina black penis lip not slob I got a
KitKat chunky anyway our planes just
arrived outside and me and Hamish got a
puzzle book - yeah I forgot my friggin
ebook I'm so angry myself but we've got
a puzzle book and then I also got a
Cosmo just because I gotta change I got
the Caribbean because it's almost
lunchtime I'm not sure when we're gonna
eat - it's a reindeer being down the car
behind us release I don't know what
we're doing I'll just blog and I get a
time sir okay whenever something
interesting happens I don't know how
much I'm gonna blow today Hamish is
doing more on his channel well why don't
you know what we're doing so
so what's happening here is we're doing
we are going to be scary
this time I also feel very sick like
Nazis setting triple sec I'm saying
we're at semi-solid and I'm gonna hit
Herbert's vegetable panini and maybe a
little bit of salad here's my dinner and
Hamish she's gone summer's older I'm
gonna try some of that though it's
mushroom and then feature and pumpkin
salad which also looks amazing
and see the puppy here the flight was
good the air hostess on board was one of
our viewers and she was so nice and
we're gonna play it like this yeah she's
so nice she gave us I like container
full of fudge sorry today's looks be
very boring I mean like we've been in
cars and tripling all day like it is
literally all we've done - hello
so my stuff from Peggy Murray arrived I
got the gray jeans which I'll try on
fear maybe tomorrow if I get a chance
and also some think black or dark grey
with something and then my favorite part
oh my gosh these are so beautiful the
shoes look how pretty they're and sunny
so this is very interested in them
they're really cool that don't buy them
what do we think oh my gosh I'm obsessed
with them imagine with like my makeup
not looking like am I here not
looking like and this arrived
something else from Anoka doctor's is a
polishing facial exfoliator which sounds
nice like a basic story I guess that's
kind of self-explanatory we have
something here from Elizabeth Arden and
this looks like it is another velour
absolute fragrance I guess these are
really really really pretty like the
bottles they come in so this one here is
vital I and here's the bottle it's got
really pretty little green bits in all
of the fragrances have like a different
purchase store in them I don't know I
guess this is like emerald appeared Auto
something
these here are the notes in this perfume
it's a very very fresh and citrusy you
go peridot minerals yeah I guessed it
right sort of and some new lashes and
then all of this is from ins ed sale
they had an amazing shoe sale I tweeted
about it so some of you may have got on
board on that so because they had some
such good deals so I bought like five
pairs of shoes and I only came to like I
think it was only like $180 or something
I kind of remember it wasn't too bad
it's just a nice kind of like whether
you like fake reptilian feel to them oh
my gosh those are so pretty I love those
super super pretty I love shoes like
those have a couple different peers in
this kind of style but not black and
white ones so those very nice addition
and then in here we also have lipid
print love in the last pair another nude
all this similar to those black ones or
I'm using my makeup eraser to remove my
makeup sykes I'm feeling so lazy so
today was full-on like we literally did
like almost nothing so it's normally I'm
gonna get awfully I'll have time to go
to the gym depends what time I wake up
cuz um when I Drive I have to make sure
I get enough sleep like I mean when I
Drive long distance
even though Wellington's only two hours
away I'm doing it all by myself like
Hamish isn't coming so I should make
sure I get a good sleep otherwise my
eyes get really really blurry and I
don't like driving when my eyes are
blurry obviously so I'm gonna sleep in
until I sleep in if I have time to get
up and go to the gym I will and then
after that gonna get ready Pech go to
shake my legs which is gonna type like
tonalities go to edit video and stuff
anyway I'm gonna go to beat now even
though it's only like eight today I'm
just super super tired and I just need
to get some rest I hope you guys enjoyed
today's luck I'll talk to you tomorrow
