money everyone so people have been
telling me to drink good green stuff
through a straw
so you bypass your tongue with something
I don't know how this is gonna work just
go back from the gym I am so sore from
the last two days workouts like I can
barely like set up and sit down
it hurts so much anyway that's beside
the point
tomorrow not going to the gym cuz we're
flying up to Auckland so at least I get
a rest day honestly it's just easier for
me to do that I think so I'm having
josephus we've got some apple carrot and
kiwi fruit bit true and lots of kale
what if I got set/sets day do you
deserve it do you deserve it okay one
for you one for
a little bit dirty but it tastes good
still by the way I mean dirty because
big truth tastes like do it sometimes
you know if you've juiced it you know
what I mean so refreshing not for
colleagues so I am feeling so today
I feel exhausted in store and just I
don't feel very motivated at all so I'm
just going to play with my makeup I was
on Pinterest I saw these really cool
makeup loads this isn't my idea
I still he's really cool my makeup looks
where it was like they had their eye and
then they drew another eye on their face
and I'm just so curious to see how well
how terrible I can do it this cuz I've
never tried to draw an eye before and I
thought it could be good Halloween
inspiration again it's not my idea I
just feel like playing with makeup so I
think I'm just gonna film myself doing
it Justin's like a little experimental
video and you know if it doesn't turn
out that I just won't upload that kind
of thing I just I don't know I just feel
like really blah today and I feel like
just playing with makeup without any
expectation so just make me feel a
little bit because you know I just love
playing with makeup it's like my hobby
so hopefully it'll cheer me up a little
bit and make me feel a little bit more
productive and stuff and I know if it
ends up working out well at least you
know it's another video done because I
don't feel like filming just like a
normal makeup look or anything even
though I suppose it kind of is cuz I'll
do like my makeup and then edge eyes
onto my face I hope you guys having a
good day I just feel very like blah
deflated blown out I love a man named
Laura I have to say I like his old stuff
better but I still love him that's the
thing with music hotter is like even if
I don't like when they change the music
so a little bit when they you know /
grace I think good for them because so
many music artists feels so
should just stick to their style and
stick to what people like and they're
too scared to like go out of their box
and try something new and then as soon
as they do all of their like diehard
fans will be like Oh superior here why'd
you change your music blah blah blah
like it heavens just so many DJs and
stuff so even if it's not my cup of tea
I still admire them just like doing what
they want to do rather than white brows
wants them to do and of course to an
extent you want to make your fans and
followers happy I guess it's the same
with me doing video it's like I'm always
gonna want to do stuff that you guys
want to see but at the end of the day
like if it's your creativity and if it's
your art form you want to be doing it
partially for yourself look if that's
how I feel today as well like I just
feel like doing something creative for
me I don't want people to be like yes I
think your idea god I feel like there's
barely any like like Halloween looks and
stuff that people haven't done at this
stage every time I do anything people
like that blah blah blah did something
like that it's I'm like I mean cutting
gashes into a face like how original is
it really and I find my inspiration from
all over the place I don't copy like I
don't just look at one person and copy
them I the tried to take my own twist on
it for all like look at a bunch of
different pitches and like pull
inspiration from different places or
just do what suits my face like I don't
know ooh hi fish i holing and it's like
some really really creepy stuff this
makes me feel very uncomfortable look
Sam on Pinterest this one here is super
super cool it's like an eye mask like
literally and I must bitch really cool
or with someone because I was just
searching I Halloween makeup tutorials
that is creepy I don't like that I think
just like lots of sickos grosses me out
I don't know why I'm sure it must be
like down here somewhere I was just like
scrolling for days the other day just
like browsing Pinterest inspiration I
should have really upend it here's one
here how creepy is that oh my goodness
my mind just doesn't understand a
beginning heaps and it's a request to do
like a broken china doll look as well as
I've got some ideas for that I've saved
this to a board just for like
inspiration because I like the way she's
done the cracks like
so there to be such a fun one I'm
waiting for some contact lenses to
arrive though
go eyelashes now okay so I took some
photos I feel it's so weird right now
that definitely helped to inspire me and
make me feel a little bit more
productive for the day differently
cheered me up like how funny is this
hello
so yeah I'm gonna eat some food I am
going to have a piece of my quiche from
last night
that I cooked last night I'm so excited
it smells so good last night
Hamish tried Sun this morning and he
said it was good so I'm excited I'm
sorry if I'm really distracting right
now even look at the lashes lash game's
strong YUM I'm gonna have it with some
sweet chilli sauce I think but a little
sour cream and sweet chilli sauce with
this cuz I feel like it so you can see
it's all layered up with BJ's is so much
vegetable in here mm-hmm
this is heaven in my mouth oh my gosh is
like a huge chunk of um pumpkin here
it's gonna say pineapple so good this is
way too funny I just posted this picture
on Instagram and people are like oh my
god I promise just at the exact same
look hold on one second
this is a yeah I can't click it who's as
amazing as well how funny is that
two hours ago or something I can't
really see as you can see my screen is
miss out yeah three hours ago
how funny she's done like the nose and
the lips as well so talented she's
amazing but she must have seen the same
stuff floating around as me I'm actually
quite proud of how I did like I think I
did pretty good I'm quite proud of that
if it's Oh that'll be cool I'll still
upload the tutorial even though
obviously other youtubers are doing the
same thing oh well it's fine
hopefully my one will give someone some
inspiration who knows you look very
happy you look so happy
what
I'm just gonna cover his name but what
why don't you go to a night course since
you're doing so many videos on how to
cook I'm sure Hamish would love you to
cook some nice homemade meals yes
because there's my job as a girlfriend
okay
Oh God now people are like you copy
promise no I didn't I copied the girl
that I saw on Pinterest my spring makeup
look that I did the other day is up now
my main channel so go check out if you
want and say that my vlog channel wasn't
you know you sit at the supermarket I
found this and I reckon it's gonna be so
gross but on a trout on camera its
coconut water mixed with coffee which I
sometimes like coconut whereas sometimes
darn it kind of begins and then coffee
with coconut water I don't know I
thought it would be interesting to try
though smells good it just smells like
coffee
it's not bad you know just taste like
coffee it's got the kind of like
aftertaste sorry I'm just like filming
my second set of eyes
it's got like the after taste of coconut
what about it she tastes very good hmm
they have added sugar I feel like it
will it's got quite a lot of sugar in it
it's got added natural cane sugar sort
of store natural sugar better story
added sugar 20 2.7 grams I suppose like
if it's just a once a nice wild thing
like me it's not too bad yeah definitely
better than some other alternatives
that's for sure
I think I like it surprising so at the
moment I just finished doing my daily
vlog it is 4:30 p.m. so now I'm gonna
try and finish my passport photo video
and then film I mean in a Halloween one
probably I probably won't actually able
to eat it much until last I mean until
last week what until next week because
let's see tomorrow I'm in Auckland BMW
BMW flying us up to Auckland for like
some thing I don't even know what's
happening Hamish knows more about it the
man being so busy I haven't even looked
at the email Friday I am picking up
Jenny from the airport so that is
exciting and she's here until Tuesday I
think so I'll be filming collabs and
stuff are still daily vlog and then I
guess Tuesday night Wednesday I'll start
editing some more videos I don't know
when I'm gonna start uploading Halloween
tutorials jerk and I should just start
doing them like as soon as October hits
like during October like the beginning
of October cause I always like to think
you know I feel like you need to give
people enough time to practice if they
want to practice and like you know
collect all of the as I say ingredients
you don't have any like collect all the
stuff that they need to like create the
look on themselves if anything you know
if they need to buy latex or if they
need to buy false eyelashes or contact
lenses
so our again early October what do you
think
and then maybe as I get closer to like
Halloween I can do some like last-minute
Halloween inspired tutorials something I
don't know I just see how I go obviously
like I just need to see how much time
I've actually put into filming hallways
drawers I mean I've really done too
which is good yeah I guess it all just
depends
my happens I don't want to like overrun
myself like I'm already filming so often
my daily vlogging at the moment plus
three beauty videos a week which is
quite a lot of work to get those it is
hidden everything oh I'm actually just
busy right now
you only cares about me when I start
talking you guys when the camera starts
crying come here come on oh no looking
I'm gonna try and do like beauty videos
as well at the same time and then maybe
upload the Halloween videos as extras
I'll do some Halloween videos for my
video of the way late Monday Wednesday
Friday but I think oh just some extra
ones too maybe otherwise if I just get
stopped I was I just get too stressed
out I'm just gonna have to just do like
whatever I feel like doing at the time
because it's I don't want to like burn
myself out because it is quite a lot of
work like I already have most bit time
as it is basically so if you were
wanting to go into my hair dress so
which is magic happens I suppose did
this up so you guys can remember you can
book in if you want to go try a new
color receive a complimentary haircut
and treatment valued at $68 if you quote
shedding so so yeah super nice of them
to do that for you guys if you are
interested being feel free to do that
you know
I'm not getting paid to say this or
anything they just wanted to do
something nice for you guys I've noticed
sore so so many comments lately on my
vlogs about well just people asking if I
can please vlog during my workout at the
gym in the morning but the reason I
don't is because the gym is just like me
time I mean I look disgusting while I'm
working out I'm working I'm focused on
that don't really want to vlog it's just
like a time for me to do my thing and
like get ready for the day kind of thing
and also obviously like vlogging is kind
of weird and I don't want to make other
people at the gym feel uncomfortable I
mean if I was working out I wouldn't
want to be in the background of
someone's video like switching on
someone you know it's just not very
curious I guess
I don't want to make other people while
they're working out feel uncomfortable I
usually would if I was just like working
by myself at home or something but I
don't plus I kind of feels I did like
just have a little bit of me time but
yeah I don't want to make people feel
awkward that's why I just thought I'd
say that on camera cuz I'm just
beginning so many questions about it
lately I don't know why but that's why
6:30 I've almost finished
my passport um video thing and I show my
old passport photo and then I show my
new passport photo so hopefully it's
kind of interesting as well because the
makeup looks not so exciting it's
basically just like a full coverage like
made-up look that's still natural so
they're still look like myself but I
look it's good it's possible for the
photo hopefully it comes in handy for
somebody at least I really really really
really love the makeup look and the
lipstick combo it's like to die for as
well it's a look I did for my new
passport my old one expired and my old
picture was like kind of gross in my
opinion my eyebrows was hitting I don't
even know yeah I did it and it didn't
even take long like I was actually able
to talk without mumbling at my words a
million times like normal when I do
voiceovers so it's now 7 o'clock I
should probably have some dinner I feel
like I've just been eating at such
random times lately it's really really
really bad I try not to eat too late
normally because I don't think it's
really good for you to eat at night you
know like late at night I should say so
for dinner I've got some leftover
tortellini and roast vegetable salad so
good it tastes just as good the next day
if not better for some reason it's the
veggies like kind of soak up the sauce a
little bit I'm just reading some
comments and replying to some comments
on this day's vlog at the moment can you
spot yourself and I am going to what
some YouTube videos while I eat now
sorry I'm going to remove my makeup and
edit this vlog tomorrow because we fly
out at like 8 or 9 in the morning so I
probably want to have time in the
morning to eat at this video I will vlog
tomorrow to know how much vlogging I can
do and I think I'm gonna go driving the
BMW's I just I just don't really care
like I'm not big on teas driving cars
I let Hamish do the judging he can tell
me if it's good or not
and then I try driving them once we buy
the cat that's what we did with the
Porsche as well so I don't want to teach
Trivex I'm so scared oh like crazy
or something I'm sure I wouldn't like I
haven't crashed but yeah but I'm looking
for Justin going and like just hanging
out and like spinning the day with
Hamish should be really good too I'll
just say what happens really don't know
how interesting the blog will be because
that's all we're doing because I think
that prevents in Helton so we've got
actually like because we're flying and
talk I would put its there like travel
to Hamilton go to the event and then
travel from Hamilton Auckland again fly
home so I don't really know if it's
gonna be interesting or not but hey it
might just be a little bit of a short
vlog or something
I hope that thing all be nice these are
these krispies makeup wipes I got them
in a goodie bag from ins adventure mates
and they're really really good like
they've learnt irritate my skin and they
would make up really really well
although I still have to use like three
to get rid of all my makeup I don't want
to light this up it took me so long
those feels everytime you do makeup well
there's like no I just want sleep in it
oh they look so creepy how creepy I used
like what a colour I mean waterproof gel
colors and stuff when we're cheeks yep
here comes the red cheeks I just like
scrub it off
does not wanna come off
ah my poor skin men I'm tired I just got
stuck out doing more work now the time
is right I've got my time on the time is
now 8 o'clock and it's just importing
small footage from Halloween and I'm
clearing off some of my memory card so
I've got some space for no go to
Wellington because I'm gonna Peck
tomorrow night drops huh at least
someone you're going to sell it isn't if
I forget anything sure have something um
I think a makeup or hair care or mr. it
is or something she's got all that I
should have used my makeup a razor today
that was stupid I'm like I am obsessed
with this in inisfree Asia trouble
facial bottom that's what I've been
using recently mm-hmm it helps so I'm
actually breakouts my knees it's so much
like kneeling on the floor
look how boy mucus so goes everywhere
and then the rose oil I'm using at the
moment is the antioxidant plus by
trilogy you can get Rozsival from like
the supermarket as well for a cheaper
price point I don't know if it's any
better than the others I haven't
actually tried the others oh my legs
hurt I just get seem like a million
trilogy ones I have bought it in the
past as well because I don't know you
could get a cheaper but now I just use
everything that they suit me
I've got seen some cheaper brands as
well though so I'm gonna make a point to
try out the cheaper brands get out of my
face and save this like the same thing
I'm guessing it is I mean it's Rousseff
oil you know what I mean like if it's
organic and pure it shouldn't be really
much different so I don't know if you'd
be able to tell her the last couple of
days but it's really helped to fade
these are months that the pimples left
me i Scott very very easily like all
over my body like scars stretch marks
you name it like I Scott so easily but
this really does help yeah that is that
I'm gonna go in at today's vlog
you guys enjoyed today's video and all
with little tea tomorrow bye
