I am so ready to go in from the gym I
wait for that an hour and 20 minutes oh
sorry
and I sprinted today like did interval
training on the treadmill and stuff and
planked and cross trained I'm really
really really really really really tight
and slightly dizzy I don't know what I'm
gonna do today I think I might I don't
know I'm gonna film what it it I haven't
really decided yet I'm wearing it my
Nike dri-fit and then the same leggings
is used today by fit with and then I'm
wearing my editors shoes which aren't
really running shoes but I don't know I
haven't been having problems with my
shins anymore like haven't had any pain
I wasn't really planning on running
today otherwise I would have worn my
Asics but it worked out okay I guess so
for breakfast I guess I'll have a
smoothie I don't even know if I have
like stuff for us maybe because I didn't
go grocery shopping yesterday I don't
have any spinach or anything so I might
just have cereal today I need to do some
groceries at some stage so I've done
cereal this is the little bit cereal
with half a banana is the lift over this
from yesterday and then Hamish made me
juice this morning it looks like it's
got some beetroot or something in it
maybe it's crude and in red so there you
go and lemon and ginger and someone said
on my videos that I shouldn't have the
lemon and the good green stuff on the
same like at the same time because the
great good green stuff is supposed to
alkalize you or something so I'm just
gonna do this today how many good green
stuff well maybe I'll have it tonight or
something when I say when the lemons are
organic it's not bad also got tons of
packages which I'll open soon as well
first of all I am just going to eat
breakfast and check my emails and
perhaps start doing a little bit of
editing so just a few of the things I
got for Halloween have arrived so I
think a couple of them are pretty
obvious and what I'm doing feeling of
freshly washed hair it's just like the
best thing ever
I'm gonna film another and makeup for
pale skin and everyday makeup look and
then I might film something else we'll
see and then after that I'm gonna do a
Halloween tutorial I've got a cute
little funny kind of creepy ideas I
don't know how all those words go
together in the same sentence I decided
I'm not gonna fake ten until Friday
because
I pick up Danny on Friday and then we're
gonna hang out in Wellington for a
couple days with Sully and then we gonna
come back to my house to do some filming
and stuff so I figure I might as well
just do a fresh ten starting on Friday
so that it looks amazing I just found
this makeup look for fierce didn't my
eyelash keeps falling off because my
glue is all drying out because I lift
the friggin lid off it laughs first
world problems so this is happening
right now and I'm going to do a
Halloween tutorial using my face I'm
gonna add on to it kind of thing because
the look I'm doing you can basically do
with whatever makeup you want so I'm
doing kind of like a glam Gor hey Glenn
and goth you want good makeup tutorials
watch her she's like amazing baby I want
it to be like glimmers and grows like a
belly so yeah I'm gonna do that next I
think but I really like this look I
basically just did a really simple like
you know day to day makeup look that is
very based off of what I personally wear
like when I've got fake tan on in
everything so I just use products and
colors that suit various skin tones so
it's not exactly like a revolutionary
makeup tutorial it's more just like tips
and colors that will suit like a fairy
complexion I really like how the makeup
turned out I did use different products
to what I use like obviously and I used
pigment on my lids and it's super pretty
and then this lip color is just like
amazing so stay tuned for that tutorial
so yeah I'm gonna keep filming holy shet
it's ten to one
I've been eating yet but I think I'm
just gonna wait I'm not really hungry
yet
so my bleeding sucked about halfway and
my hands got way too sweaty and then I
started like peeling all the crap off
but I like that one up there I think
that one turned out really well and then
like the top of that one turned out
really well so if I just go like this it
looks okay that hey I'm still learning
as well so I think I'll start with the
tutorial and I'll just talk about where
I made mistakes and stuff so other
people don't make the same mistakes but
I still think it looks pretty cool so
yeah now I should probably rinse some of
this off and I'm so hungry I think I'm
gonna have ever caught on toast cuz
we've got one avocado left and I'm
praying to whoever is out there that it
is a good avocado and it's not hard and
it's not brown okay everybody now it'll
do it's a little bit brown around the
outside but it's not too bad it's edible
lucky I opened it today otherwise
tomorrow would have been gross I'm gonna
go the gym soon I was like I wonder what
would happen if I just went to the gym
like this jerk you know I would give
people a fright I just feel like going
twice today I don't know I'm like on a
roll I've got so much energy today I'm
just like and then I'm gonna come home
and edit yesterday's vlog that makeup
was pretty easy to get off although I
can feel like gunk in my paws so once I
get back from the gym I'm going to scrub
my face and do a face mask I didn't take
off my mascara and everything yet cuz I
can't be bothered it's 5:30
back from the gym and also did groceries
so now better put them all away so for
tonight's dinner I decide to cook
something and I'm going to make roast
vegetable salad and a little bit of
pasta and I'm gonna make a big batch and
they just put the rest in the fridge for
like lunch and dinner and stuff for the
next couple days probs or like just for
when I'm hungry you know I'm in vacation
a bit I'm gonna roast all the veggies
first and then put them in the key
so I I just wanna say now that all you
just want to eat it from the product
cooking is cleaning up you know what a
man stole this find their girlfriend
lots of jewelry and Flowery is neat
chocolate
video recently affirm it yeah any brands
hiding on me I know Sabrina I'll tell
you something smells really good I don't
know how much the chasing them Nate
because I'm gonna use this in the case
as well alright so pretty much we're
just cutting up vegetables small so they
cook reasonably fast
lots of banging dinner that when you
burn a roast VG I always get let's go
home
nice pretty good once it's cooked it's
crispy a little bit more Ashley boom cut
my hand
it's just give it here I all solved the
problem okay cut again thank you so
we've also got some
chode carrots and it's not the like
Shirley's case then it's not any way to
describe their that's what's interesting
I thought you were recalled thank you
it's not cute that would be cute that
were like mini carrots but these aren't
many they're just something stubby and
fat and short I think it gets to a point
where if they get so fat you girls don't
call them cute not carrots are gonna
watch this video on become
self-conscious the big knickers we feel
that like poking out what up get weird
seems like everything that's good
and a red onion is the best okay good
these are roasting potatoes apparently
you're the only person I know that buys
roasting potatoes like yellow in the
middle that's cool
anyone that's watching Made in Chelsea
at the moment what do you think of Lucy
and why what are your thoughts and watch
that last one I think he's a cool dude
but it doesn't really say much red
creamer takes forever to cook this is
what Shannon and I take before we work
out if we do like a hard work out look
at it bad for you that looks probably
it's just like chemical yeah you try and
read some degrees then you're ready near
them citric acid is the number one
ingredient which coffee go for you
what is it isn't the citric acid Watson
sherbet yeah and range kimra what's
sweet potato some broccoli and then some
capsicum & capsicum or peppers cuz
people always get really confused when I
say capsicum look this might hit a baby
you just put that on for 17 minutes and
now check on it and they don't just take
stuff out as it cooks cuz I want it to
be cold before I put on the dressing so
all the veggies finish cooking like half
an hour ago it is hot person and I
really need to finish tonight and eat
because it's getting late so I've got
all of the vegetables oh sorry
basically I'm just going to crap what's
gonna put spinach in yeah it's fine
I'll just not put spinach in at this
time I usually put in spinach in with
the veggies on like the last like minute
so it kind of like wilts into the
vegetables but I forgot and I forgot
that personally quiche so I'm also gonna
make a quiche so I
I'm going to do that no I don't really
know what I'm doing
I made one ages ago but I can't mean
they're got this because it had a quiche
on the front so I'm like yeah that must
be the right one so I'm just boiling up
some hot water on the stove and I'm
going to cook this cheese in spinach to
Alenia I love totally me it's like my
favorite thing in the whole world so I'm
gonna put some of this in my roast at
which jewel salad and I'm going to whoop
some spinach in with this so yeah and I
forgot feta I usually put some like
fiddle or something in there but that's
fine so I'm gonna cook that up and I'm
going to prepare on the mushroom and
extra capsicum and stuff for the quiche
I just cooked up some more broccoli
capsicum onion and mushrooms friend
acacia and then I'm just gonna put in
bit some pieces from here too so in my
roast veggie salad I like to use a
little of this brand of aioli this is
the Cato classic aioli it just tasted
really really nice you don't need too
much I usually put way too much in so
I'm gonna be careful today see in there
I probably used about 2 to 3 tablespoons
and you can see it goes on a really
really really long way if you put too
much in it just tastes like straight up
a Olli so you've got to be careful and
then I'm just going to put some pasture
in here as well and also just put some
spinach on top and then that's all the
stuff for in the quiche in a moment I'm
just see me cooking the pastry for a
little bit just to give it a boost so it
doesn't go soggy so there's still like
another two good servings in there and
then here is dinner with pasta hamish
spent like half an hour talking to the
people through the people at dog so I'm
eating at the hotel asking about the
charger and eventually though I know we
don't have it like we shouldn't find
anything in your room and then I'm just
like have you looked in your handbag and
it was in my handbag
so fail of the week goes to be I felt
real bad because Hamish said they're on
the phone for so long I was like I'm
sorry so here's how it looks before it's
cooked it's just some almond milk and
sour cream and egg mixture mix through
all the BJ's and so much spinach there's
like a bag of spinach in there but it's
a massive massive massive cash like this
will do like eight pieces or more so
while that quiche cooks I'm going to do
a quick face mask I'm gonna do the glam
glow
helmut jewel cleansing treatments if you
ty use this Mexican just looks like
incredible afterwards and because I did
a lot of makeup and yucky stuff on my
skin today I just really want to do
clings acacia is like oh I can barely
talk acacia is like five more minutes to
go and I just wanted to say thank you
guys for your comments on yusei's vlog
of just sit there for the last half hour
reading my comments and stuff and I
appreciate that you guys think I
understand you know that I can't just
pretend to be happy all the time and
like you know everyone gets it off days
no it wasn't Ben and I wasn't being
ungrateful or anything what's what
Hamish did for me like I was really
really happy and I really appreciated it
it was just one of those days you know
like I wasn't feeling myself and I
wasn't feeling hippy and then Hamish did
that for me which was really nice to try
and help cheer me up and congratulate me
for stuff people who just mean and it
was really sucky like you know seeing
people who I see coming to my stuff all
the time like supporters of mine saying
oh my gosh like is this the real
Shannon's like like I didn't want to see
the side of Shannon blah blah I'm a
normal human like I have off days so
thank you for understanding
I feel a little bit blah I can't I guess
I'm still kind of it upset about it and
it's just bringing back bad memories
okay
just favorite way um I'm gonna show you
the case in a second and I'm gonna rinse
this off and go cuddle up and eat with
Hamish and relax it's kind of light it's
like 9 o'clock and I'm really really
really tired and I didn't get as much
editing done today as I had liked I
would have liked to but it's okay life
goes on oh yeah thank you for your nice
comments on Easter day slug I love you
guys so much you guys know that this
quiche smells so good I didn't really
eat much today I'm not really in a
hungry mood
I don't even finished my meal before
it's really filling though I like heaps
of carbs and stuff cheap crap oh so
here's how it looks it looks so good I'm
just gonna let it cool for a while so I
can slice it up and put it in the fridge
for tomorrow because I don't want to eat
at the moment obviously and I'm not
hungry either
but it looks really really really good
in today's vlog yeah I'm going to go
ahead to beep now wash off this facemask
and just relax for a while I hope you
guys enjoyed a slug again thank you so
much for the comment I'm sure I'll feel
nice and happy and positive again
tomorrow
any good morning I don't know just
reading the comments again I just need
not read the comments that you know I
like to read comments because most of
them are nice usually I'm the kind of
person that does like to go through my
comments and reply to people and just
didn't pay off that time I hope you guys
have a good night or day or whatever
time of days where you look I don't know
bye
