good morning everyone i freaking forgot
to charge my camera again so I'm have to
do that this morning my plans for today
are basically I'm just gonna eat it most
of the day I've got to head into town
with Kelly today to pay for our holiday
well we're both pay my obviously much as
me um so we've got to do listen we've
got to do that I just got it from the
German I went for a while today ah my
ass has been that kicked I did a few K
run like how many how many I think was
three or four while I watched one of
these Saucony Jolie's vlogs it was
Amelia's birthday so cute
and then I Power walked for another one
and then I did a ton of like what does
it like whites and stuff like leg
presses and just lots of mostly things
and planking so I'm gonna be so sore
later on I did do some stretching and
stop though so hopefully it's not too
bad the little puppies are happy to see
me I had to take that I missed it today
because Hamish took the Porsche and oh
my goodness it's so funny like switching
between the two cuz the Porsche like the
indicators are on the left side and then
the mesda it's the opposite side so I
was like going down the road I was like
sitting in my windscreen wipers aw it's
a beautiful day outside like it's so
sunny it was like yeah and then I was
trying to like clean my windows and I
was like indicating all over the place
cuz I was like to my Pole I think I hi
baby to someone and oh so funny I'm
gonna have it smoothie for breakfast
okay smoothie in a while and then I'm
going to start editing some videos I was
gonna film a Halloween tutorial this
morning but I ordered some contacts last
night pinkyparadise and I think those
are gonna take a while to arrive so I'm
gonna do one tomorrow probably I'll do a
tutorial that I don't need contact
lenses for cos there's quite a few looks
that I need context or just to like
finish off the look and make it look
really cool but I thought I would plan
that later today and then this morning I
can get all my beauty videos ready for
like the next couple weeks I'm wearing
fit wear today
the t-shirts are round it's a really
sweet and then the leggings and it's so
funny like when they see me all these
clothes I was so confused because they
sent me some like sighs like show up
some small types inside maybe I'm some
size extra small like I guess they just
didn't know what size I was but then
only see me size like extra small extra
extra small lickings and I was like I'm
not gonna fit my bum and today's but I
tried them on today I've been putting it
off cause it's suicide sex on them and
I'm not so safe I'm size eight to ten I
was like I'll just try them on I'll see
like maybe they fit differently but they
actually don't fit so that was
surprising so I guess if you do order
Footwear maybe go a size down in the
leggings I'm not sure they fit fine
like they're not tight it's like they're
the perfect amount of tightness I mean
you want your workout pants to be
semi-tight don't you so they don't fall
off when you're running I think this top
is a size medium but it's not exactly
like super baggy so I don't know if you
don't order I guess I'll have like size
charts and stuff anyways but yeah
smoothie time I've got my little friend
here like running out of everything like
I've only got a little bit of kale in
hand in this it's a little bit sauce so
I'm gonna have to go through and like
picks them out my smoothie this morning
got banana got some blueberries and
mango and any protein powder okay so
I've got this one still this is from
shotgun Coto indeed someone asked Oh
my camera is blinking at me I'm not even
gonna have any room for mess of an inch
and a second whoa disaster and then
unsweetened almond milk which is my fave
oh gosh hey guys I am NOT looking
glamorous I just tied up my hair I
didn't wash it today because I'm not
doing anything today about my editing so
I'll watch it tomorrow but I just had a
really hot shower
I used a body scrub I used one of those
soldering Co ones and no good no effect
at all last night's bath got most of it
off but I stood it a little bit my skin
was so dry I just got mayo - so today's
video which by the time you watch this
video is already I'll link it down below
is my chief restart swatch video and I
was missing one in shade and the lovely
makeup dr. o NZ team sent me the
single-color it was missing and I'm so
happy because this color is like
phenomenal looking oh my gosh look at it
it's like the perfect it's like a pinky
kind of nerd so I'll use it in a
tutorial at some stage so you can see
what it looks like on but i swatched all
of the other shades in the video a link
down below so drama happened drama drama
drama my camera wit date before hits the
reason I didn't show you my creation
taste my smoothie and all like that even
matters at all but um yeah when I was
blending my smoothie my camera decided
to die on me so you know I go to my
luggage cuz I took my charger to
Auckland that was the last time I used
it I got in my luggage I go through it
I'm like I can't find my charger I don't
know where it is and then I realized I
probably left it plugged in at the wall
at my hotel in Auckland so I've lost my
charger basically hopefully I can ring
them up and they'll like post it to me
or something I don't know otherwise I'm
gonna have to get another one
luckily as I showed you guys the other
day Hamish bought the same camera is me
slash he just bought his camera because
I stole his one anyway he got the same
camera so I was able to use his charger
to charge my bitter and I'm really
pissed off how annoying anyway it is
half-past twelve now if it has had one
video and a bit so I'm gonna eat and
then continue to eat it for the rest of
the day basically I've got like five
videos did it plus yesterday's vlog
which haven't done yet so I think I'm
just gonna have a muscle fuel meal for
lunch by the way I'm like bright red
right now because I just massaged some
rows of oil into my skin to try and get
rid of these scars from these gigantic
breakouts I got the other day
life isn't fair I'm gonna try neck this
one it is expired so I don't know what
its gonna taste like but we'll give it a
go and they know if it's yucky I'll just
cook something else up but this is
another one of those ones like last time
I made an order off muscle feel they see
me some of their like other ones that
are coming out soon and it looks like it
might be like a pesto pasta with like
capsicum and spinach and stuff I can't
really tell but we'll give it a go
hopefully it tastes good still hey my
she's gonna come home today and he's
gonna be like what have you been doing
all day
so I'm gonna taste is this spinach
mushroom pasta
I think it's pissed or maybe I'm not too
sure mm-hmm I think they use Brown
pasture as well and is also some
zucchini in here
asparagus that was gross I'm sorry I
don't even know if they like watch my
videos probably like they obviously like
have seen my videos because they sent me
these vegetarian options like I guess
they know that I was trying to at least
meet hello if you're watching I don't
know but hopefully they say this because
you guys should definitely do this dish
when you should also do that when I had
the other day like the potato II pumpkin
I dream it all it was like that big like
ball of vegetable and in the salad and
in the dressings that was legit I would
eat that every day yeah two thumbs up
from me um I also need to go through
some groceries probably tonight I really
wanted to make a little like vegetable
quiche or something no it's gonna like
vlog it what a roast vegetable like
mixed salad to have just like it was
time and stuck or like if I'm hungry or
for tonight you know just to eat his
people keep like dissing me as well like
can you not because I don't cook all the
time like I like cooking sometimes I'm
not like the best cook in the world like
I'm good at certain things and cooking
vegetables and stuff just so happens to
be one of the things I suck it I'm
really good at making like roast veggies
but that's about it so when it comes to
like eating healthy also I suck at
making sellers so when it comes to like
cooking healthy food I'm terrible I can
cook unhealthy food great but I don't
want to be eating every single day so
that's why I've been eating these muscle
fuel meals and also I like to go out for
dinner I work from home I mean I don't
even have to like justify myself I'm
just like telling you because I've said
this before I work from home I am at
home most days all day most days I don't
leave the house apart for me to go like
to the gym or whatever so I like to
actually go out for dinner quite a lot I
definitely probably go out to do no more
than an average person but that's just
what I like to do I like to hit out for
dinner and just be out in the world
around people and it's nice and it's
funny and it's just something I like to
do so to all the people saying oh my god
you never cook oh my god you're so lazy
oh my god you have too much money blah
blah you really do not know my situation
at all like I'm just living my life the
way I want to live my life and you can
do the same it's as simple as that I
don't deserve to get dog dong because I
don't cook all the time like we're not
living in the 1940s anymore so Hamish
did a vlog named well done this year
shinnok's oh and him I'm watched it yet
oh my gosh I remember this
is so sweet I got you something
because give me thanks about on YouTube
this year yeah I am no I haven't got you
anything really so I want to say thank
you
sweetest boyfriend ever oh my gosh I'm
so lucky you want to see the video and
it's this channel there I love you
Hamish okay now I'm reading the comments
and people are being really mean to me
and they're like she's not even happy
like you treat her so well and she
doesn't deserve you and like all over
this like she looks so shitty at
you the whole time I was having a really
really sad day this day and I was really
stressed and upset and how much did
something nice for me and yes I wasn't
feeling the best but of course I
appreciate it like what kind of monster
do you think I am this actually makes me
want to cry like I don't give a
when people can be fit and stuff but
when you say like she doesn't even seem
thankful and like it stuff like that
like can you're like stop making
assumption also people think that I seem
different and Hamish is vlogs compared
to my own life if I don't share as much
just because it's his video I've got my
own vlogs you know like when he is
taking like control and vlogging I'm
just sick of having to like justify
myself I'm sick of having to explain
myself I'm like a human being and people
I just saw a rough sometimes and it
really really upsets me and I know this
is gonna upset Hamish as well when he
goes straight these comments on this
video there's much people would think
about things before they just call me
into it so you may know my friend Amanda
that I was hanging out with indeed
Fashion Week is like obsessed with Harry
Potter
so I've signed up to this website and
I'm going to say which house I belong in
what is this look at these recommended
using I'm just gonna go to that one
that's fine so you love it when they
give you these like capture things and
you can't even read them through there I
know what this is okay so hopefully I
can sort myself into I guess we've to
start here so first I've got to get some
money I don't know what Peter I think I
want to white get by now we need a wand
my short or average for my age and
probably on the shorter side I'm kind of
in-between I'm not sure but I'm not as
tall as most of my friends I like the
shortest of all my friends I have hazel
eyes
one on an even number do you most pride
yourself on determination imagination
resilience intelligence originality
optimism or kindness maybe determination
kindness would a determination parcel
forests or see maybe see what do I most
fear small space isolation darkness fire
isolation green jewel the here's my wand
see do with dragon core nine and
three-quarter inches unbending that's a
good-looking wand so lazy
after you have died what would you most
like people to do when they hear your
name miss you but smile ask for more
stories about your adventures think with
admiration of your achievements
thank you what people think with me are
ended it's what they think of me while
I'm alive that gal sank with admiration
of your achievements I guess maybe Pina
would you rather be invade intimidate it
or imitated intimidated I cannot read
imitated at trusted or praised or liked
or feared um trusted I think you have
any power what would you choose power to
read minds invisibility superhuman
strength speak to animals change the
past change your appearance at will the
power to read minds
probably the pits one which nightmare
would frighten you the bunch standing on
top of something really high and then
suddenly realizing there's no hand off
the holes or any barrier to stop you
from falling and I had a keyhole of dark
windowless room of which were a lot
waking up to find it need a your friends
know your family have any idea who you
are my god or being forced to speak in
such a silly voice they're happy anyone
can understand you everyone laughs don't
care probably this one river city you go
I am Hufflepuff what's that say your
draft
I feel like I've been editing this video
for hours it's more I kind of have it's
full 30 of it is head once is real and
then I'm editing this tutorial and I've
also done yesterday's vlog just about so
many of us to do but at least I've done
a good-luck amount of ding did it you
know I've started yeah so it didn't
actually have to go into the travel
agents today the email adulterer and so
the magic of online banking I have paid
for my trip to Tahiti so we are going
early November oh my gosh I am so so
it's so excited of course I will vlog
for you guys but who knows if they're
gonna have like good internet made
upload but I'll vlog for sure this
comments amazing everything isn't he so
on the end of it reminds me of us or a
car plate with John X oh I thought
probably should instead it's so funny it
is past its o'clock now and I'm feeling
way too lazy to go to any grocery shop
maybe she really tied again I'm sorry
I'm just gonna find something here to
have fits and uh there hit that tons of
food but find something and then
hopefully I'll get time tomorrow to go
do some groceries I just got stuck into
editing today I found this in the
freezer it is pumpkin creamer spinach
cauliflower coconut chickpea curry so
hopefully it tastes alright Helen
nine-tails
hello you are the cutest you're the
cutest soap in the whole world look at
you Nene you all so cute so cute this
he's not having out he's like leave me
alone I'm relaxing I don't need your
drama in there little friend and here is
dinner this actually looks incredible
ok it's 7:30 and I've got through two
minutes of my passport makeup video um
so I'll finish this off maybe tomorrow
they state your name when I end up
filming and everything but it's good
because I have organized three videos
for next week so you can see a little
sneak peek there well like for this week
and next week you can say please wear
your tongue out again
comment on my latest post on Facebook
I'm gonna use a hydrating mask tonight
this is the Antipodes is that hey bruh
answer into these over this is the
manuka honey mask good for hydrating and
also antibacterial and everything for
like pimples and stuff as you can see it
is well loved it smells so good as well
and it's basically slather it on
everywhere this lighting is so bad so
Blizzard my face and Rosa Voyles and
we're watching Made in Chelsea in their
announcements I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog now until to tomorrow
hopefully bye
