just morning everyone so we are heading
in to still be a park on the way home
and today's breakfast is a bit of a
random one we're gonna get dog breeds
before we leave because subito Murray is
like a favorite thing in the entire
world so we have to take advantage
before we drive home because obviously
it's a long trek home today and it is
early 9:30
yeah so yeah it's really 9:30 so after
this I'm gonna be driving most away and
then me and Hamish will swoop over later
someone asks me if I Drive yes I do
drive look guys we got here way too
early so they didn't open up for another
half hour so I'm having butter sauce for
breakfast because that is totally normal
dancing car coming where is he coming
past see racing you
the only one says they trying to race
here
it's our quick Hey Baby hey baby
hello there's my other one dear he isn't
the Sun on a blanket like a year well
lucky you Oh baby
you're sore spoil did Amy spoil you
yeah yeah what what's wrong he's a lot
yeah he gets a little dehydrated go have
a drink
Kamiya this Billy yeah
oh no he doesn't want to drink so lucky
look at comfy that looks low he's doing
that thing where he's bringing his
biscuits out I call a family and eating
my food oh yeah that's interesting
I'll seat I mean this just loves me come
over here
Kimmy Lucy clad in the bridge hello
did you miss me my fluffy boy he's like
no sir
those so the time has just gone 4 p.m.
and I'm just doing bunches of emails and
then I don't know what I'm doing for the
rest and I Hamish is kind of busy so we
should say I think I should probably
have a bath and get rid of this
disgusting fascia and it's like well I
haven't moisturized like at all in the
last probably two weeks which is really
bad and my skin is just so dry and my
fake tan is pitching off and it's just
not a good time you know you're ten yeah
you know you're ten yet I'm currently
shopping on Peggy Marie's website and I
share what's my cat sofa wait what uh
even edit anything okay
I've got tabs open just kidding okay so
these wax finish genes which I think are
really pretty and then these boats here
which are like a tan color sorry I'm
going all over the place and then also
these Sunny's obsessed I've also got the
lip glosses and wait for it where is it
blushes XO pity lashes are on peg Marie
as well if you want to like pick up
stuff at the same time and save shipping
and my favorite ten in the world also so
yeah I'm just doing some shopping
quickly before I start editing today I
already spent a few hundred dollars
today but it was for you guys I just sit
down in the car ride home it's like
three hours and plant which Halloween
tutorials I'm gonna do this year so I
had to buy like heaps of like props and
like special-effects makeup and
accessories and just stuff that I needed
for the videos so manage was mini
Halloween tutorials as I can I'll
probably upload more often for a couple
weeks then normal instead of just three
week I might do like four or five a week
depending on how many I can get done
I've got to start filming them basically
like next week so I've got a list of
like Halloween tutorials I want to do
because I asked you guys on Twitter a
while back like a week or two ago and I
got so many requests and some of them
were more popular than others I've
obviously chosen a bunch of those too
you know
to do for like Halloween tutorials but
if you have any more requests leave them
down in the comments so I can go through
and just make sure that I am you know
doing stuff that people want to see and
I'm not gonna tell you exactly what's on
my list because I kind of want it to be
a little bit of a surprise I'm gonna be
doing like quite a few so yeah hopefully
you guys like it hello I love you
this friggin pimple I got one chime on
there and one giant one they're lame
kiss me better not in the mouth Louie
what are you looking at so it is now a
teen - Steve and I haven't had lunch or
dinner so I need to sort that out but I
just did a bunch of thumbnails so here's
some sneak pics lots and lots of videos
coming and some more I haven't even
interested all of my thumbnails I need
to eat it but it's good because I pre
film so many of these videos like beauty
videos that I can focus like thus making
next week maybe on a few like Halloween
videos but I am also collabing with
another youtuber like real-life
collabing and if you didn't know it is
Danny men touchy min Shoji there's gonna
be like the first question I asked when
I meet her in real life is like how do I
pronounce you my name probably what I'm
busy I'm busy you say um I'm so busy I
can't hang out with you I'm too busy
sorry sorry I'm doing a collab with her
so I will still film a couple more
beauty videos next week but yeah excited
to do a few Halloween ones I'm gonna do
some pretty ones and some gross scary
ones because they're very comfortable in
your hands
I really don't get it like I know like
dish but why did what what why did she
think I'm so confused I guess she just
wasn't thinking I don't know funny
though
guys I have a public service
announcement ahead
Indian food for breakfast and now for
dinner I'm having veggie pizza and maybe
a little pasta hmm I'm so happy I need
to go do some groceries so I really want
to make a roast veggie salad to have
this week and I've also got some muscle
fuel meals as well in the fridge that I
should be eating right now but I was
craving a pizza and then Hamish is like
oh we'll just go to ok book so I was
just gonna get delivery that's kind of
all that driving anywhere that you guys
know how much I love ok pizza it's like
my favorite hangover food except I'm not
hungover I've been drunk in a while go
me not having a hangover every weekend
is really really Pleasant
I thought the panel without the ham and
there is no way I'm gonna eat all of
this we've got a small B cheap eats a as
well and basically demolished it on the
way home
I am so hungry I don't know why I missed
lunch I guess I just wasn't thinking
about it I got home I got busy and the
next thing you know it's 6 o'clock at
night I'm still starving but yeah this
pastas so Philon and you get so much
food that there's no way I'm going to
eat it all that's I'm going to enjoy it
it looks amazing so hippy so I have the
bathroom running because I'm finally
getting around to doing a bar and I've
put in it a little bit of this pure fiji
bath soak and I'm also gonna do a bath
bomb I don't know if that's overkill or
not but that's what I'm doing they have
also got my computer set up here so I
can watch YouTube videos from in the
back and a cheeky coke I also put on my
favorite face Matt's the Eisenberg must
purify
it's just so good
I'm kind of getting low I reckon a
probably got maybe a quarter left or
even a little bit later so I'm gonna
have to buy another one so which sucks
because it's expensive but it's so worth
it
the slush bath bomb is imrat I got any
Snow Fairy gifts here I'm not sure what
the bath bomb is called but I'll do some
research and write it down below this
one is fizzing very slowly smells really
good though so yeah I'm just going to
soak in this bath for a while
watch them youtube videos and then
probably just hit to be it for the night
maybe watch more YouTube and beard I'm
not too sure how much she's busy tonight
so I'm just chillin so it looks like
it's dying to get Pinker I wonder if
it'll start going pink soon look it's
starting to like bleed
slowly but surely this one smells
incredible door I guess it's just this
no fairy scent that kind of like candy
floss scene go pink it's still fizzing
away but you can see it's kind of a pink
bath it's actually a little bit more
pink in real life than what it's showing
up on camera we're watching YouTube in
bed okay it's bit time now it's like
9:30 pretty tired I hope you guys enjoy
today's vlog regardless even if I didn't
do much since I drove for eight hours
love you guys goodnight
