yeah but this isn't already
hey guys so me and my mum made it to
Fiji say hi it's mums birthday in a few
days so bring her here to enjoy some
relaxing time of you son just it not too
long ago it's super beautiful we're just
staying at the Westin dinner ow
I've never stayed here before I've never
stayed like in dinner hour before now
rinse soak you got a couple of beers
cute little bathroom
I don't I'll show you Oh see Korea it's
in a really nice shower behind here you
know and the loo or is the same chilled
so we're here for a week and I just
thought I'd bring you guys along
tomorrow we're gonna go books and trips
we might go do like snorkeling one day
this week like do some stuff like that
so I'm so excited it's gonna be so
relaxing and might spend some time with
mum good morning his up here oh it's hot
oh he goes the fog it's quite um humid
oh my god okay yeah breakfast
pineapple eggs on toast I've got some
eggs bacon beans and fruit you know
today we are doing the coral kits
so today's trip is a snorkeling trip
should be fun
I'm so excited it's the first time we're
going snorkeling our trap I forgot to
vlog for most of the time because we've
just been at the resort late hanging by
the pool and sleeping and reading and
stuff
it was hands down one of the best locals
of my entire life now where I think my
skate clothes and look how amazing the
view is I definitely wanna come back and
maybe with Hamish my good there was
something it's just so incredible look
at this water everyone's losing their
minds because it's fish it's really
funny there are like thousands and
thousands of them the water is so blue
seriously heaven on earth got some lunch
looks good good morning so yesterday was
incredible and today we're going on
another little like island hop tour
thing we're going to like one other
island and I think we feed baby sharks
which I'm so stoked about and not
playing which I'm not sure if I'm gonna
do just yet because my bet is so burnt
from yesterday most of my shoulders
seriously I want to ask you guys a
question about this sunscreen I bought a
new one because I don't think it works
this money here I bought because it says
four hours water-resistant but as soon
it's like a drop of rain landed on my
arm I could see the Sun screen just like
wash off and so I don't think it
protects me whatsoever and that was on
dry skin like you know I wasn't sweating
or anything like that so I got a new
sunscreen because this one was not the
goods for me warm um we both got
scorched and we were staying out of the
Sun apart from when we were snorkeling
and I put on the sunscreen well before
before we hopped in the water and I put
it on like six times and I also put it
on the other day when it rains like I
said how it was just washing off in the
rain and I should think what like what's
coming on so I don't know
I got destroyed I've bought some new
sunscreen for today hopefully it's
better in case I don't want to go start
playing or anything like that it doesn't
really hurt just looks really bad so
this one here is what we did yesterday
10 out of 10 was incredible loved it so
much it was amazing and and what's the
one we're doing today this is the one we
are doing today sir viola must be Savola
Island yeah I'm so excited it's a 90
minute cruise the snacks smoke playing a
fish feeding at baby sharks stand up
here boards kayaks block and glass glass
for him but all this I'm sorry
so nice I'm just gonna put on some wool
sunscreen this one already sings it's
like thick that you can say it sitting
with my opinon where's the last one you
could not just like came off so
beautiful it is we can go on a snorkel
zone and then okay sharks all sorts of
stuff oh my gosh the same is so hard to
bear myself
2news they arrive and permit like 8 p.m.
tonight so bad it looks worse than the
sliding like thermal lighting what's fun
it also fun
you
