good morning so we are off to get
tamesha's it's cleaned out I'm so
excited
shut up I'm gonna blog that to be honest
we'll see I can't remember who's in the
Smith but it's the best thing ever
Robert by the way this looks massive
look how big but I put in so much eyes
like I put about that much water with
the coffee mix it up now put ice until
the water rises to about here add a
little bit more water and the top like
inch or so I do milk so a lot of it's
actually ice it looks giant it doesn't
melt eventually of course but you know
okay this is my casual if outfit of more
ice like literally thrown we're leaving
in two minutes this is my white folks
vacations Oh didn't jacket this is the
size small medium so it's a more like
normal set on me like it's not as
oversized I also have the larger one
which I use sometimes I love it because
I just love like really big oversized
didn't jackets I've got this me top
underneath I think I got this off was
that a sauce misguided something like
that and I'm wearing it these Reebok
leggings and my slides are from the
iconic famous it is a huge package
outside I need to get it good morning
that's from benefit that's how--that's
remember the little bitches a couple in
heroin open so Hamish literally head
like noreagaaa wax hey mesh think I
wanted to vlog it that there was nothing
she's like you're is a claim there's
like this tiny suspect they she pulled
me out and she was like I'll do that for
free because that was nothing and Hamish
got a hearing it check which was perfect
a plus and then we came home so it was
quite uneventful to be honest so now I'm
going it to going to fill my Halloween
Joe and then we put up a vlog like that
and I'm gonna go hit to Green Day's cook
and hang out with him for a while well
at least it's early and then I'll do a
bit more using but we'll say what the
time is it's ready team duty so I reckon
by the time I finish filming probably
long it'll probably be like
sarey something ho see and may little
Spidey's whale Spidey
my little kids they're kind of cute Oh
glad I look so much makeup on right now
it's not even funny I'm like the most
full coverage foundation it concealers
like on top of more concealers it's just
crazy
this doll could not be covered this
place like this so yeah that's that
looks super easy anyone can make this
for Halloween like create this look all
you need us them eyelashes super easy I
was gonna stick them like all over
myself but sorry I'm going to hit over
and put up my vlog yeah oh god I don't
know what that was okay time to edit now
12:39 please make him/her go
how dumb am i I'm logging on my camera
such an idiot
I'm actually gonna make some lunch
quickly my facebook page hot at
glitching out I can't comment on it and
then it's showing posts from last year
also look how much more swollen my face
was before I treated by grinding wait
for it oh my god such a difference
anyways yeah so I don't know what's
going on here 26th of December mm-hmm
that's weird but was it BEC it's BEC
except the post I just it's not the Ola
I can come in again I just posted I
thought this is so weird look at this I
am did
oh my god there's a green baize Gardens
yeah some carrots these are the ones we
put in what are these do again they keep
the moths away
yeah marigolds that latest so cool the
massive and then rhubarb lemon tree
so do your can you get about the same
amount of VG's and these then you did in
the ground they're pretty big a and it's
watering us garden mm-hmm he's so good
at little stuff and I am NOT okay so
this is the Bee Gees were having should
be good I'm gonna chop a little bit up
since we're ready to cook and I'll put
it on in about half now 40 minutes I
think so that's what apparently grenades
ovens really correct so and it takes a
bit longer than my one so we'll put it
on a bit early tonight it's dinner good
money so my skin I've currently got that
Antipodes Manuka mask whatever it is
just to serve my skin
it's feeling so good at like my skin
feels so soft and even and smooth I
don't have black hits at the moment this
one is even Fletcher again in yesterday
so that's finally healing up which is
good these ones here actually like old
blind pimples that others just like kind
of sitting under the surface and look
really crap but there's like like you
can't really get them out and then I
treat them and nothing happens so don't
know what's going on there and then the
blackheads on my forehead or finally all
gone and all like my skin's all smooth
and even again but anyways they cannot
figure out what I want to do and you
take down here and just showered and I'm
wearing my Camus or t-shirt dress by
white fox which I've got so many
exciting things to talk about with my
white fox collection but not yet but
just get excited okay yeah I have no
idea what I want to do today like I
don't know if I want to edit film I'm
thinking I should probably eat it so
they don't Monday I can film like I
don't have a video already at the Monday
I need to put up today's video and I
thought I could get a couple of vlogs as
well but I feel like filming I just
don't know what
look who's in the Sun they're probably
the swashing actually what are you doing
is this actually on the bench there's a
package here for Luanne Zeus from
animates hi Shan ik so summer is just
around the corner we've put together a
few items with Libyan sister style in
the upcoming Woma with it you can view a
full summer collection on our website
this is the cutest thing ever
he knows it's for him I don't know how
they know like how do they know anyway
do you love it Malik get out of the way
the look of the trail what's there do
you like it today I'm mixing a
peppermint and the tea me focus tier
don't have a discount code in this video
cuz it's not sponsored but if you check
out my last Timmy vlog Oh try to
remember to link it down below otherwise
it's like three or four blocks back
maybe that quote would still work I'm
not too sure that I think I'm gonna need
it today I actually feel like it works
to be honest like I don't know what it
is but when I drink it I actually do
feel like I get so much more work done I
need a wipe down the beach again living
life on the edge
okay so my vampire or easy devil makeup
look just went up and I freaking love it
I hope you guys like it - its I put my
channel if you want to go check it out
anyway some people keep saying um like
on my Instagram they said it to you
though oh it reminds me of the vampire
diaries which is cool but I've never
actually watched the vampire diaries
before so I thought why did I write
Google out there thought I would um
people look and say
well it looks like everyone's used to
rave about the show a like I'm trying to
figure out which are the actual oh is
that her
I say yeah it kind of is a with their
like veiny under the eyes
yeah so there you go if you want to
dress up for like the Vampire Diaries or
something it's a good tutorial as well
obviously just swap out the horns fits
them and then buy a tooth and you'll be
good to go I love that eye makeup be so
fun
they're like obviously you turned down
the eye liner on the inner corner but
you could do that I make up for just any
kind of occasion that you want to stand
out red eye shadow with the glitter it's
so pretty
anyways yeah that just went up a few
minutes ago and now I'm going to your
prepare a vlog for tomorrow which is
Saturday I'm reading some comments and
going through so shout out to you guys
for coming ten thank you amazing good
night my dear thank you you're a very
ket you are beautiful as a cat as a
goddess congratulations that God keep
that body beautiful smile beautiful
there got to keep okay seriously keep
getting hate comments oh my god I just
got swatches okay an idio washed it up I
couldn't so me hate comments about going
to the circus in New Zealand I'm pretty
sure it's illegal owner that for effect
but I can't remember the last time a
circus in New Zealand came with animals
regardless I don't go to any circuses
all the animals we got a human circuses
aka they do flips and tricks and magic
and they do swings and they do motorbike
stuff and they flip around and loops and
hula hoops and clowns like before people
look like hate on another human being
like nor the story because you just
sound like an idiot
did you need help whose ring hmm
what's your toy there it is yeah their
app surprised you're not sitting in the
Sun it's a nice day for one it's a
perfect spot Lily apple cider vinegar so
good fear so disgusting alive friendly
bacteria I'm best rised unfiltered
undiluted with our raw apple cider
vinegar as pet with naturalistic
goodness with none of the nerves to
stuff praised for its amazing properties
the father of Medicine is sooo to have
treated his patients with it as he
believed it was a natural cleansing
tonic
it's a wholesome way to add delicious
flavor to just about any things and
dressings marinades or simply take a
teaspoon daily for general well-being
it is so crass I knew who would soon as
I got him comfy sick it is a good spot
hey making some eggs I'm touched by the
way cuz I am hungry it is only one
o'clock talk about little work though
sure that's it
apart from my chin my skin's looking so
nice keep it up shin and keep up the
good skincare I reckon yeah like I said
it was just full on purging like I think
because I'm in a while just doing the
bare minimum to my skin like there was a
lot of buildup and go into the gym like
I said and the switch and stuff I'm just
not using the right products after the
gym and everything took her to hall and
then I used all of those really great
masks that are really good for
detoxifying and I think it brought it
all out and then I picked it and made it
worse I didn't pick it would have been
gone by now
you going for a walk Hey oh my god he's
ridiculous this is not relying on his
back looks like he's trying to Louie
you'll be going for a walk he's like
holy where we going where are we
going where are we going
how rid can one person get very rude
apparently damn girl wasn't going to
wear makeup tonight I don't know I'm
feeling a little bit insecure still huh
and just my face will not go down to
root nests and yes I just freaking
popped up some bloke is I'll make sure I
can't stop myself what is wrong with me
oh you know in my hair just obviously is
off my face right now and it looks rank
I need to do my hair I just feel like
crap it's one of those days like I love
myself to it get me wrong but I don't
know I think it's just you know life
happened and straights got the better of
me and everything got the better of me
and I don't feel 100% great or 100%
myself huh anyways we're going out for
dinner tonight with friends and yeah
that's why I'm getting really I'm just
wearing something casual going to like
the local pub kind of situation it's not
actually our local but we're going
through the Essure sin which you know I
don't live in ashes but it's hot so by
the way this is dry shampoo and this is
a acne primer anti acne blemish matte
primer buys you a ton of Bronson music
yeah I'm not feeling good after the jump
we're at the SS ding this place is so
legit
oh but it would get cold quickly
probably with the pit I want the pit the
pillar is the bomb
I can't find an edge well this is my
face now I can't get it off worked out
my ears feel soft though you don't it's
midnight and Hamish is playing overwatch
and I'm playing this I just got married
to Alex oh yeah hey he was so tired
Oh Suns on me hey little pig belly old
cow belly yeah I'm heading here
