good morning everyone it is Saturday and
we're in Auckland and we're in a parking
building right now hits the weird
lighting we are just hitting into tower
we got up like an hour ago got ready we
haven't eaten yet so we need to find
some food and then we're going to go
look at some cars and stuff so that
should be fun hamish wants to go look at
Mercedes and I definitely want to look
at like Range Rovers and stuff whatever
I was like around as well my mascara
went clumpy today and my mess of pimples
I'm wearing Charlotte Tilbury bitch
perfect on my lips on my cheeks is that
peach blush by x1 on my contour
highlight is the Anastasia Beverly Hills
palette like the contour palette I'm
wearing that lomax to perfect
powder and then Lori our brow and then
hot and naughty lash whatever it's
called by Mac on my mascara and then my
eye shadow is from it the in
associatively Hills Couture contour
palette or ever is I should I should
appellate I don't know that one that
I've been using at Fashion Week and
stuff
we're a little bit cafe so I think most
of the stuff here
yeah raw organic and delicious like this
heaps of vegan stuff and just healthy
stuff here I can't decide between the
banana Matt Matt MOOC which is my
favorite have here before or one of
these two and I kind of feel like this
because I love like iced coffee I don't
know and I think we'll both get a bagel
otherwise I've also got granola which
sounds really good as well okay I have
decided I'm going with epic Otto bagel
because I love avocado I was gonna try
something new your but you know me what
are you having
sliced mushrooms on a bagel and look how
good things look you know this is the
fish drink I'll give ahead looks like
chocolate so I'm good and his chocolate
around the outside oh my god
hamish got the banana not know is again
this one's waving
see that Shannon's like you can't see
there I dropped something on there last
week and now it's 9 and there's what I
can see it's not there bad don't know
when you like point that yeah I got the
avocado sprouts in kraut
hamish got portobello mushroom what's
the sauce hollandaise cashew nut
hollandaise sauce
are you sure these cheesecakes are all
like raw vegan and they are the best
cheesecakes in the entire world
man Davis used to get them all the time
when we lived up a dog food Briscoe to
Haley sale this weekend apparently I
mean to be full back favorite is this
your favorite your favorite sixth this
is my favorite ever look we found our
brother brother car hey sir yeah it's
nice it's exactly I love mine I like my
white Porsche it's pretty
I think White's a bit more girly I think
black is more classy sporty whereas
white is just like super sporty looking
by the way guys if you ever see me in
public feel free to come up and get a
photo with me like I totally do not mind
you know if I've got no makeup on I look
like I will still take a photo with
you I totally don't mind I like meeting
you guys even though I'm like super shy
and stuff I like like to meet you
because sometimes I notice like and
Hamish knows this too
you're good just like dying over in the
corner there
you're right don't want it like
sometimes me and Hamish notice people
taking photos like all of me because
like people think they'd be really
sociable but you can totally tell and
then it's just like really awkward I'm
just gonna like cuz it's gonna be
an ugly angle and I'm gonna like have a
dip face on I would so rather if you
guys would just come and take a selfie
with me you get people they have like
those covers on their father yeah and
they'll open the cover and they'll have
it up like a book at the head I'm like
yeah and they're like proteins we teach
something I know you're doing you know
what you're doing and then they look at
me all nervous and then they look away
and I'm like yeah I saw you but yeah
take a photo with me I totally don't
mind I understand why they do not
understand like in some people be shy or
maybe some people lose this a bit maybe
some people just hate me and like they
just want to like take a photo of me and
show their friends to be like her but I
mean just don't do that I promise I
won't bite and I promise I'm not scary
in real life I'll be more shy than here
like almost guaranteed this one way
tonight it's not just hi you know how
puts the beer I live on to me but Jesus
so all they can't now Kim that it's just
screwed but it's a cute little
neighborhood I don't think I would ever
live here though too small too crowded
so we just went and looked at like
Mercedes and what else BMW yeah there's
some really nice BMWs they're like over
a hundred thousand and then there's also
what's going on the Mercedes are like
ridiculous like two hundred thousand
plus some of them it's so obviously we
probably won't do that but what's
happening is we're gonna go to guilt red
prestige which is where we put our
Porsche from and the guy that sold us
our car is wrong ask because he knows
that we're looking for another car
because I guess as a disorder watches us
something like that like I'm pretty sure
his daughter watches me and associated
us now I'm looking for a car going
you're going right we're gonna go talk
to him he's really nice and he was
really really good when he saw us how
poor she was like a night you know how
some salesmen and can be really like
pushy and over-the-top he wasn't he was
a really really nice man so I'm gonna go
talk to him cuz he's got like Range
Rovers and stuff like that as well so
we're just obviously still looking and
trying to figure out what we want
there's a few different cars we like but
we still just don't really know her so
we're currently in the Land Rover
Discovery which I actually really really
like we're driving the peach one at the
moment I think and then we're gonna go
back out in the diesel to compare them
so we just tranq it on the motorway now
so we can go at a decent speed legs
alright it's really nice really really
roomy heaps and heaps a room at the back
the boot space is massive it looks
really good like it's a really
attractive car there's nothing mourning
in the front tier and spacious like I
can stretch straight out and my feet
don't touch anything which is nice I
like travelling long distance and stuff
it's a four wheel drive and everything
and it toes and like so far so good now
we're going to a different Range Rover
place Land Rover place to test drive the
Land Rover because they didn't have one
here to test drive if however this is
the discovery was really really good
apart from you could feel it when it was
like changing gears it didn't have that
smooth gear changing thing I might like
the automatic CVT I don't know which
that's the only bad thing we can pick up
on it is that yeah it kind of jerks each
time it changes gears which is annoying
but at the same time you could get over
it but we'll just see what happens like
we're gonna go test drive the Range
Rover now and see well that one's like a
whole
we say about that the jerky gears is
because when you're paying you know
eighty thousand dollars for a car you
expect not to do that
yeah and that's how many reason we're
batching about it I know some people be
like here's or whatever but if you're
paying that much for a car come on
and like a mesda that's sixty thousand
doesn't do that would even my mister
that was like sixteen thousand dollars
doesn't do that it is annoying but apart
from that the cars beautiful like heaps
and heaps of room your hands of broom
like it's so comfortable it's got good
guts like it goes quite quick you know
it's different quite yes so like apart
from there it's really good but we're
gonna go try the next one now Range
Rover Sport or not to mention that has
like I know this isn't a big thing but
it's all these USB ports in the back so
like yeah super Cola so people in the
back we're traveling eight hours up to
phone Matar something with like a
carload of people or like it's still
really comfortable in the back this
heaps of legroom and they've got like
aircon in the back and I've gone home
yeah drink holders I've got like their
own like iPhone charges in the back like
it's just like the little things that
are quite nice especially if you're
gonna be spending a lot of money hey so
we're in the Range Rover Sport now so
far it's just as good as it the
Discovery but this one doesn't jerk like
we were saying before
also this one is really nice on the
inside just as nice as the other one
it's a little less cluttered as far as
like buttons going some places and super
spacious as you can see tons of room
like the ceiling is like
it's an ink choice you pay yeah it's
huge like I feel like I'm in a truck
right now it's so cool busy on the
motorway but we're trying to find again
where we could like first step and see
how I stack em a really corpse we try to
try to teach traffic combo yeah so
that's what we're doing so far it's
lighter we haven't even eaten anything
else holy well this is the base it
is almost four o'clock we haven't even
had lunch we had breakfast this morning
and we're still full from breakfast it
was so filling I think after this we'll
probably go hitch them all or something
oh my god this guy over here almost
crazy-looking literally swerved into my
lane get over sweet where is he what the
 is he doing is although the part of
his palm struck look look how fast
chased by a cop somewhere what cat Oh
what is he doing he is in a hurry I hope
his like girlfriend is giving birth or
something right now cause like I don't
know why you would be going there fast
all is on this one
and he's just like and look at the shock
he came right up behind there BMW in
front of us and in this car
literally like Hamish was like looking
out when I looked and he was like up his
ass then he had to swerve on the other
side of the road to avoid him pretty
much together yeah I can't believe he
didn't lose control what an actual idiot
take that guy's license off him so I
just sit here an edited yesterday's vlog
and now we're gonna go find some dinner
we're at one of my favorite places
Clinton to eight it's Thai food somebody
the best ever you have to come here and
get there Panang curry it's like the
best curry in the entire world it's
amazing my curry puffs came already and
my orange juice and Hamish got in the
room wait what did I say curry puffs
sorry I've got spring rolls in the hood
and Hamish got in you better try what
one is it for tonight
I'm so confused you like to put on the
side of my favorite dry
this curry is the best you will ever
track your life this one is beef but you
can also get lamb I saw and then I got
the vegetable version which is potato
and camera dumpling safer and here's my
one it looks so good
hello so it is 10 p.m.
we've just been laying a beard I've been
browsing bikinis on a sauce I haven't
bought any yet but I want to buy one for
um where am I going
Tahiti I think I remember it's just like
vanish on my head I'm really tired yeah
tomorrow we are driving home don't know
what else we're doing I'll vlog I guess
I don't know I'll see how I feel
tomorrow because driving we'll see I
hope you guys enjoy today's vlog and I
will talk to you soon
