good morning everyone so I just got
there from the gym if you couldn't tell
today I'm wearing my Nike this is the
dry fit a little singlet there we go
and then this is sports but I think I
love them cotton on and then I'm just
wearing cotton on leggings tights and
they're all my ASOS because I ran today
cross-trained I was gonna do some
flanking and stuff but I didn't and I'm
gonna go for a walk with mum this
afternoon ever got my day planned out
pretty well I'm just going to breakfast
check my emails and then I am probably
gonna go film a tutorial as long as the
lighting like holds us 20 to 10:00 in
the morning and it also might do a
little tutorial within a makeup tutorial
on how to do that bun because a lot of
people were asking how to do it and it's
so easy and I didn't really want to just
do like a tutorial on it because I feel
like it's people get angry because it's
such a simple kind of idea and like if
so many people were do you know how to
do it but for those of you who have
requested it they don't know how to do
it yet I will put it in a makeup
tutorial so it's really simple and
really pretty and don't feel bad if you
don't know how to do it because I didn't
even used to know how to do it either
yeah I just feel like people will be
like what a boring video cuz it
literally will take me like two minutes
in this afternoon I have some stuff with
my mum again and then yeah we're gonna
take the dogs for a walk and then
tonight I'm not too sure what we're
doing it's Friday
I love Fridays these avocados are
feeling it kind of squishy so I think
I'm gonna have some avocado on toast for
breakfast because I don't want to waste
them these things are like a gold some
expensive and also some gross green
stuff that's what it should be called
this just makes me so happy
this is like another perfect avocado I
am on a roll it's soft too I judged that
very very well because I feel like one
more day and it would be gross we've got
no tamatera though so I'm just going to
do um every Catalan toast
I wish me chilli sometimes I like to use
my magic bullet put in half an avocado
and then I also do red onion chili and
lemon or lime juice and some pepper and
grinds it up but it's kind of like
Walker moly I guess that I don't have
any of that so it's just gonna be if
they got on toast for me wait do we even
have bread we may not even have bread I
guess we do think goodness this is so
annoying when he aids
takes his biscuits and he walks off with
them ah so he don't he doesn't do it
that time usually he'll like grab a
biscuit it might go way over there drop
it on the floor and they need it you're
showing off hmm I thought so too
hey baggy he's so cute are you doing
thank you thank you love you by the way
guys look what turned up yeah I love the
New Zealand passports I just think this
saw so like pretty to look at man here's
my little picture it turned out pretty
good so now I can finally do it my all
film the ending to my passport makeup
tutorial that I'm doing or like just
make up for any ID or whatever whatever
because I wanted to wait until my
passport turned up so you guys could see
how the picture turned out and also I
just quickly want to talk about this
because I literally get like 20 comments
a day asking about it
this isn't sponsored this was not sent
to me for free I bought this with my own
money
it's bloody expensive and so a lot of
people were kind of curious as to like
what it is why you would spend so much
money
Sidra it's just basically a super
nutrient and vitamin pet thing tastes
disgusting but honestly it actually does
make a difference in your house I
noticed when I was taking this very very
frequently it helped in so many
different aspects you do notice the
difference trust me there goes my toast
over seventy five ingredients fruits
veggies vitamins minerals probiotics
protein digestive enzymes greens herbs
in toxins berries and prebiotics what's
a prebiotic I know what probiotics I buy
don't even know prebiotics were thing
and it's just got like a million
different ingredients on there this is
also gluten-free dairy-free soy-free GMO
free and vegan and it's pH balanced it
helps with your mind and energy it's
good for people who are very active and
just good for your overall health it's
just a superfood and it makes me feel
good as much as I hate taking it it does
make a difference so yeah that's why
that's why I put myself through this so
I'm taking your advice
and put a little bit of like hot water
I'm gonna stir this up and then Adcock
what I shot it and chase it you guys I'm
obsessed with my hair I haven't got that
um code just yet from my hairdresser
obviously she's very busy so as soon as
she texts me you know the code for
getting like a free massage or I can't
remember what it is like it's like a
treatment or something I don't know I
will let you guys know so you can say
that if you're interested so just hold
off a couple days and I will let you
know anyway let's try this oh you guys I
don't know how some of you like this
okay oh it still tastes awful of course
but it works like there's no lumpy bits
thank you so much for telling me to do
that it seems like common sense now that
I've done it but thank you for pointing
it out to me okay I'm just gonna
download this it's very strong you're
supposed to drink this it says in like
300 mils of water or juice which I tried
the other day bed Xiaomi I just things
easier and then I just skull water
afterwards
I'm not even done yet
first of all problems it's time any of
my friends come to stay like salut or
like anybody I'm gonna force them to do
one of them so we can say like hey this
is the camera I use by the way we
actually bought another one cuz the one
that I'm filming on was Hamish --is
and when I dropped my vlogging camera
near the beginning of my daily vlogs I
basically just stole it off him and so
he get another one because this camera
literally is the best and this isn't
sponsored either
Hamish did a little blurb about it on
his Instagram as well if you want to go
check it out
also not sponsored but he just wanted to
let you guys know because that's
something we get asked all the time it's
like what camera we use and what we
recommend for vlogging I don't use this
one for my beauty videos but for these
daily vlogs I use this and if you go on
Hamish his channel he's is this camera
in like 60 frames per second and it is
like incredibly HD like you can see like
every Paul and your face that's crazy I
had to read toast my toast a little bit
cuz it wasn't done yet excuse all the
crimes everywhere praise the Advocate of
gods this is like the most perfect
avocado ever how crazy am I you know
them feels they like ever cutters just
tastes like dirt when they're not really
yet and then as soon as they're too ripe
they just yuck do you know what grinds
my gears is when you go to a light
restaurant or a cafe sorry this isn't
focused there we go you go to a
restaurant or a cafe for light breakfast
or whatever
and usually if I get anything with like
eggs or like bread or whatever I'll get
a side of avocado if it doesn't already
come with it but what grinds make is is
we may give you a Mikado and it's not
ripe and it's just like rock-hard like I
paid like six dollars for that which is
incredibly overpriced
isn't this and then you give me this
like gross hard every Cod oh it's not
cool
my face looks so cakey don't you hate it
when you do your makeup and it just
looks cakey cuz that happened to me
today and I'm not happy about it but the
eyeshadow it's really really pretty in
real life the footage on the computer is
so much better than like I like cuz it's
just gone like I don't even know like
the Sun has just come out too much just
now so likely I finished filming in time
but now I've been trying to take selfies
for last like 20 minutes and it's just
not happening
and all of the southies look like
you can't see the makeup properly and
now let you come and see my makeup
probably in this Kaymer I don't think I
don't know I got some good photos on my
big camera so thank goodness yeah my
skin kind of weak cakey I think I used
too much concealer and it was just a bad
time that's how well I Will Survive it
just washes off at the end of the day
it's fine
you used my Mouse's inspiration and the
stop here don't mind my absolutely
disgusting patchy pattern I need it to
wash it off ASAP yeah I was inspired
like fuchsia purple and fuchsia things
and stuff I don't even it doesn't make
sense but you know what I mean
now my mom's coming over oh it's 1236
already where's my Dagon so I've just
put on a more wearable lipstick and
normal people clothes because we are
going to run some errands my mum's over
there crawling on the ground next module
I've just got this question's t-shirt on
this is from romwe and then these jeans
are misguided maybe and then the snick
Lusa gangs I'm obsessed with it they're
obsessed with you but no I love them
come on babies I've seen with mommy and
daddy
I got subway for lunch and I'm really
excited about like so many different
sellers in here change of plan
mums at the hairdresser right now we're
gonna say dose for a walk after let's
accept now I guess she'll just be going
by herself because me and Amos you're
going on a spontaneous trip to Auckland
so we're gonna drive out to Auckland I
booked some accommodation on the way and
just chillin up them for the weekend so
that should be fun but Louis
crying I feel so guilty I came from lots
of cuddles but he started putting all
our bags in the car and he's like and
now he's up at the window looking at us
he's like dog but my mum's gonna help
that tonight and then we've got Amy
house-sitting there's the weekends so at
least they've got lots of company they
love Amy and they love my mom but you
just said boyfriend the car and there's
window wire which is without army
campsite it's just like all these
tankers at all
my makeup store bed and I just peeled
off my false eyelashes and there's a
whole patching ops they keep touching my
face think you're getting up wearing
makeup the stroke damage you'll never
understand the struggle initially when I
go via Kusa girl
and I share too much pre-workout and now
he's like sweetie
so I've just come to town and we've just
got to town home we're stopping some
food because we're on the roll 24/7 so
we've still got another like three or
four hours and that's gonna be one day
for you guys yeah it's still light
another four hours so we're just
stopping now because there's not that
many places to stop to eat from heroin
so I think I'm just
the time is now 11 p.m. we're probably
like half an hour away but the rain is
so bad it never looks this bad on camera
is in real life but it's like bucketing
down McBrain and it's died it's
miserable
driving in this kind of weather is kind
of scary
Cameron's just don't show stuff
so here's our room we're up super super
super high the 27th 27th floor you can't
even tell how high we are
I'll show you it's more upgraded sighs
I'm wireless yeah it's not like we paid
for those or whatever Oh
so basically Hamish was on the phone
calling up the hotel cuz we'll it ought
to be faster and easier than doing it
online through like what a forward about
which no wrong anyway so he rang her up
and it was all fine and then he was just
like oh like what about these rooms I
because he obviously looked online
quickly first to see if the head rooms
available and I would cheap online and
then she was like oh no we don't
actually have those we're gonna go later
enslave blah blah blah she so it's gonna
be this this this much money and then
eventually we're just like yep
sweet bookerson what anybody here's our
card details blah blah blah then we just
arrived and it's like that amount that
that ladies did for tonight because was
obviously staying tonight
and then the lady at the chicken which
it's not her fault because she wasn't
the one that dealt with Hamish before
but she's like so it's this perhaps for
the first night and then the second
night is like what like 80 or 90 rolls
more yeah like almost an extra hundred
dollars and we were like oh well we got
told it was a smash but we just like
whatever like cuz it's not her fault and
then she's just gonna have to figure out
who told us the other pricing and then
like we I just like really really tight
it's like 11:30 and we were just like
don't even worry it's fine she's like oh
like here's that grated room blah blah
blah but yeah just booked online because
at least thing you have all of your
costs boom straight in front of you you
don't arrive and then all of a sudden it
costs all this each tray like but it's
okay we just can't be bothered dealing
with drama so we're going to enjoy the
rest of our night I can not wait to wash
off my makeup I'm wearing so much makeup
and I'm just like I already peeled off
my eyelashes and I've been like rubbing
my face so I'm gonna wash my face
climate and go to sleep that was a very
very long amount of scribble how long is
it that was my bed we should've just
stayed in Taupo it would have been
cheaper you know what happened talk
about so Hamish is like yeah we're gonna
go and today no I mean what happened was
I was on my computer finishing off
yesterday's vlog I think we should just
stay in tableau or something
and then drive thrus away smart kind of
thing and Hamish is like not I mean yeah
because he was let me see will just go
away it's fine
then we get to taupo today he said you
know what we should have done and I
was like what Hamish you guys we should
have stayed here the night I was like I
literally see that two years I oh yeah
you didn't you had your man ears on you
weren't listening to me but it's okay we
got here in the end at least we drove to
trouble tomorrow so we can just chill
out and actually have like a full day
here rather than just like a part day so
I'm really excited and we're gonna have
lots of fun together and it's gonna be
great fun what anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk to
you soon sir I didn't do too much but
obviously we were driving for like eight
hours or something
bye
