good morning I just got back from the
gym and showered and it is almost 10:00
a.m. I forgot to charge my batteries I
was just charging my battery this
morning so I'm gonna have some quick
breakfast I've also got some parcels to
open with you guys and then I have to
edit my blog and I put a full pair today
doing my hair and nails hard life right
no just kidding but yeah lots of
appointments today and then hopefully
I'll get time later to see Kelly because
we need to go to a travel agent but it's
only if we get tired because I think
yeah my routes like real bad and
underneath it was like real bad so it
might take a really really long time but
it's definitely overdue so hopefully I
can get everything done today I'm just
gonna have something fast for breakfast
at the gym today I just walked and power
walked and ran didn't do anything too
intense I think I'm just going to have
this again my granola it's really really
good and it keeps me full for a really
really long time as well we got a big
box from Mac they always send everything
in this gigantic gigantic box but
there's never like much in there I'm not
saying that isn't like I expect a lot
I'm just saying it's so weird how they
like send this massive box let's see
what's inside
a little box studio water weight
foundation and then plus I oh they're
like these like liquid lipsticks that's
so exciting
I hope there's an embargoed okay so
these come out September 21st this year
this is the most dramatic lipgloss yet
loaded with high-powered pigments that
hug lips and shades that glisten with a
delicious shine so it's just like a
really really really pigmented lip gloss
I guess and then this which hopefully is
the steer water weight foundation
because I really want to do a first
impression on it yeah so this is the Mac
196 brush and then please tell me this
is oh damn it's differently the wrong
shade for me in w25 which will probably
be too pink but maybe I could still do
it and just color correct it or
something and this comes out September 7
and those are all the shades there so
there is cool think you make a cosmetics
I'm excited to try the stuff and I got
some stuff in the body shop in here near
Africa's Maddox here's what's in it the
offer one kathleenlights liquid lipstick
she messaged me on Twitter a while ago
and said she wanted my address for
something and I guess this is why those
liquid lipsticks are really pretty kind
of like terra cotta kind of color I
guess looks really really
I've got this body shop bag and inside
some kind of towel so it's a yellow
towel and then I guess SPECT and smart
girls faker with honey bronze League
missed mom alright so for my makeup
today I have the bareMinerals complexion
rescue all over I have nice custard
creaming it ready and concealed all over
it's cool underneath my eyes and just a
couple of skies L'Oreal plump up my
brows the bareMinerals pressed powder
like priest already foundation the
charlotte's will bring mascara just one
quick coat and then on my lips is this
Bobbi Brown lipstick in the shade pale
peach I just wanted to sleep a little
bit makeup on I don't know about you
guys but every time I go get my hair
done I hate staring at myself in the
mirror like even with just this amount
of makeup on I'm gonna be like ooh
because like once all my hairs back in
foils my head looks so big and then I'm
like staring at myself and I'm just like
even though there's not actually how I
feel like in a normal situation like
normally I'm like fine without makeup on
and everything but for some reason
sitting in front of those mirrors at the
hairdresser like all confidence all
self-confidence just like goes out the
window plus I was like capes up on your
neck and like the towel around you and
like here's all everywhere it's just not
a pretty sight so hopefully just a
little bit of makeup will help me feel a
little bit less yeah so I've got to get
going because I am going to be late and
I need to create my phone charger cuz my
phone always dies because I do a lot of
work like while I'm getting my hair done
I just like your emails and like social
media and stuff so I know yes my before
my head looks so big so much fun I put
the camera right in front of my head you
can't see how potato-like it looks
oh yeah so just got back home from my
hair oh my gosh looks so good so we did
a little bit less low life this time
because we're going into summer and he's
like how that's a little bit blonder I
was like yep I trust you by the way I go
to magic happens here and beauty and Joe
does my hair and if you mention Shannon
so if you call up and make a booking
they'll give you a free like treatment
massage thingy I'll put more information
on Facebook can't me but what exactly it
is I'm getting it at Exit Through to me
which was that I could give your
followers something for free if you like
I was like ah yeah so that was really
nice of him so yeah if you do want to go
find somewhere good to get hit on they
do good colors on every hair color but
especially if you're blonde
joe is incredible and he gave me a trim
too because my hair was like you
probably down to there but it was just
very thin and wispy looking and I was
starting to get a few um split ends
so he's like alright we need to have a
trim but it still looks nice and long
and now it just looks way more like
voluminous and thick I love it this
isn't straightened either he just
blow-dried it for me because I said I'm
just going to be going to the gym
tomorrow so there's no point making it
look pretty because I'll get ruined so
you can see it's still quite long and
it's just going to keep going in no time
and when you get trims it just means
that your hair doesn't like snap and
thin out so it does grow longer like it
seems like you're just cutting it off
but it does grow longer and healthier
I'm real okay I'm gonna go get my nails
done next this is my perfume of the day
it smells phenomenal so I'm told me it's
discontinued is it really because if it
is I need to like get another bottle
because holy is the best perfume
ever and by the way I put my little
Hello Kitty up here so cute I love it I
think I need to collect all of the
little dressed up Hello Kitty's there
was an absolute bitch to try and find a
bit a not phone park fun park a car park
because it is 10:00 to 3:00 and
apparently everyone is in town right now
here's my before and we're going to I
have no idea what even I'm doing today
hopefully you have some ideas and here
is my after oh my gosh they're so
freakin pretty and this one's broken but
look how well it's hidden you can't even
tell this glitter is amazing they are so
pretty it's such a good feeling having
fresh nails and also Lian is so amazing
like it's such a nice feeling being able
to go like spend an hour with someone
like obviously they didn't know before
but just for the person to be so nice
and easy to church who you know I mean
plan is amazing if you need to you know
start you know where to go what have you
got where'd you find that what's this so
I only just got home it is 10:00 to 6:00
Hemi just booked dinner for 6:30 by the
way I forgot to tell you it's our
anniversary today so how much like how
much forgot this morning first of all
but he finally figured it out so he's
booked in dinner for me tonight or with
me tonight and also a movie I haven't
vlogged much at all I've been in
appointments all day my hair there my
nails and then that travel agent which
went really well so me and Kelly have
narrowed it down to either was it
Vanuatu and Tahiti one of those two I'm
pretty sure so the lovely lady that
helped us is emailing through all the
options pricing etc for us to look at
tomorrow so we'll definitely decide in
the next day or two so that's really
really really exciting I can't wait and
it's something to look forward to as
well which is nice and some nice with it
it's like bucketing downs rain again
outside Oh a big huge wasp is trying to
get inside so yeah Hamish was like oh
yeah booked dinner blah blah blah and
he's not even home yet and I'm pretty
sure it's booked for in like 20 minutes
I always do this thing gets really
annoyed do you like being annoyed no
it's not nice is it how do you think I
feel huh how do you think I feel when
you annoy me oh my gosh have you missed
me today hippy how he just ripped my
hair out with his teeth a little
you're so naughty
I swear dogs are as bad as children
sometimes apart from they can't drawn
wolf so that is a bonus I suppose so I
guess now Malia tree for dinner and
hopefully Hamish turns up soon hopefully
he's okay
it's terrible with her outside he's
probably just gone to the gym or
something
come with me this morning we got a
package from loving tan oh my gosh I'm
so obsessed with these nails they're so
Bobby I love them oh man look I'm more
excited about this kind of your totally
gonna even live this soon
I like single little packets except that
you just end up eating them all anyway
but I mean I love sometimes and we have
some fake tan in here holy geez oh my
gosh it was not okay hopefully I don't
eat all them or once you take that back
this feels like the ten applicators or
something probably ten removing love and
then the applicator Mitch and what is
this oh it's their back applicator as
well man Big Ten super stocked up Thank
You loving ten I love you guys hello
fishes in the car through with me and we
are going out to dinner here how many
years have we been together Hamish
officially
I'm pretty sure does oh yeah especially
it's true
yeah it's officially through always sure
but he only took like months and months
and months to make it official yeah we
got to likely be hanging believe me he
heard this real easy and some good this
is you're supposed to fall in love with
me and just like go head over heels for
girls do they think about this and they
want us and then if it actually happens
a lot other business to nice because
they uh girls were this tryout
oh hey Misha is treating me it's at a
tonight for our anniversary I think any
flowers I didn't get any prison I'm
buying you dumber I take any chocolate
my days on it
I'm kidding we're going to this place
called fellas fellas oh I thought it was
somewhere different am i well five
minutes to get there guys I thought it
was Kathy brie or something
there will be Google today now that
anyway I want to tell you guys something
as well I've been I'm looking into more
cars and will be X you've got a trip
coming up on the thing it's two
Thursday's away beam W are flying out to
Oakland for the day and we're doing this
thing it's not race we are doing that
get weird on it okay I told you we're
doing that right no way we're taking
firm
yeah we go to we go to Oakland and we do
we trade their cars and we do like hot
laps and stuff like that so vlog that
person and they say they leave a blogger
and then after that we're also going to
check out what's her brand called Land
Rover is that when we're doing it I
thought you meet we were doing it for
our house no we are doing a fair house
but this is further down I'm just giving
that go get all the cars on what we've
decided yeah so we're checking out land
land rover range rover sport and a bmw
x3 and there's one more there we working
the BMW we're gonna we're going to the
BMW event we're gonna try it and if we
like it ah yes it automates yeah now I
need some people to let us know about
diesel we haven't bought a diesel car
before but it seems that all of the SUVs
a diesel make the actual good ones so I
can you fill us in on a diesels good or
not cuz we know hello
do you know anything about this
so that's weird going from page 1 to D
so obviously you buy the case and DS was
cheaper but what are the other
limitations I don't know much about it
he does yeah I'm done
there's probably there's probably the
most boring party ever oh my god
so Maddie's wearing in the last vlog
about the spider it was so funny I
wasn't I was abusing it I know but I
didn't even notice at the time because
it was so funny just your reaction I was
not watching it was so funny
no one even called you out on it all
right I thank everyone realized that you
were just website but just get naughty
naughty that's cool so we're at Bella's
was I thought this there we go
I can't grow did you see my nails a
little really nice a nice a yeah they're
like Barbie um so I don't know what I'm
going to get to start the soup sounded
good though it's like curried pumpkin
and cashew or something I can't remember
and I'm gonna get the baked phyllo
because it sounds amazing
I'm your key so for my main I got
muscles is started and then a curry as a
main what we think to get Carrie but I'm
trying this we they'll be
I'm tried this before let's see if it's
good haven't you try to you
I'm trying yeah do you know I just ate a
time time before yeah that's good how
much do you love me
oops how much like that much so special
ger than what you judge so it's good
crumbed muscles yeah I know the crown
muscles looking forward today I'm glad
there's only a few because normally when
you break it like i'll untrap muscles
it's like it's like the Lisa doesn't
this is the I think curried qumran no
curried pumpkin I don't know it looks
amazing spawn it's not so good hamish
got curry yes I'll try it it looks real
good I got the VG in the field and we
got some fries
excuse you yours understand no way yeah
well apparently it's we know a little
bit
hi did you miss me with my other bag
where's my other bag where are you fever
hello hello hello bug oh hell have you
been
you enter the heat pump huh hey Zeus
hello hello oh my gosh my makeups all
over the place we just went to the
movies I was just sitting there like
rubbing my face that's that I don't even
care that I'm wearing mascara so
basically we went install the second
Maze Runner it was so random like I
wasn't expecting any of it to happen
kind of thing it was just like out of
the blue but it was really good and
really really action-packed I think it's
still definitely worth the watch it's
just kind of like wait what that's my
ear if you ever noticed Louis loves to
lick peoples is even if his own you just
met somebody he's like that's enough
that's enough
oh yeah anyways me and Amy had it really
good night sorry I didn't vlog lot so
it's just kind of you know enjoying some
us time and everything food was amazing
super super delicious had a good night's
now eleven o'clock I'm so tired so I'm
gonna go wash my face and hit to bed I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I'll talk to you tomorrow
bye
