good mine I just got it from the gym
this piece of here is so frustrating
gotta go get my hair done too look how
bad my roots are oh yeah just got back
from the gym I did some running some
power walking on the incline and I also
did cross train on like a real heart
also called like resistance to kind of
push my muscles a little bit I did
planking yesterday my abs are so sore um
this morning I don't feel like a
smoothie I'm gonna have some cereal I
think and I'm also going to have good
green stuff in a trash shelter and maybe
some juice green juice
chhoti carrots and kale
Domitian I got some vouchers from Burger
fuel they sent us some vouchers to try
their new I think it's a lamb burger
lamb but Jack Berger New Zealand lamb
wrists underneath a Crisp Apple mint
slaw
finish off with walnuts tangy barbecue
sauce burger feels like one of my
favorites I love it so here's my granola
I love its they little bit cherries lick
humor camu camu and blackcurrant perhaps
I hope my green juice which is yum good
green stuff which is the worst and then
lemon and ginger which is not that great
but still better than that and then my
young muesli so I'm trying to shot it
but this is like a massive shock it's
like a Jagermeister won't look not as
tasty as Jager
oh there's a bubble oh okay it's
definitely better to do it just in a
shot because it's over and done with
faster but all the dishes we make after
just one morning as like juicing and
stuff it's crazy lemon juice so this is
just lemon and ginger this one's a
pretty good organic lemons taste so much
better than like sort ones like if you
have a lemon tree I'm so jealous cuz I
tried to grow lemon tree let's just say
it didn't work out for me but sometimes
the organic shop doesn't have them so we
have to get like the countdown ones and
they taste like poison migraine juice in
my cereal I'm going to enjoy a while I
guess this lock also just picking up
this little prize from an Instagram
giveaway I'm doing with one set people
always say you never do giveaways but I
constantly constantly do them on
Instagram so if you don't have an
Instagram account you know super easy to
join it's actually a really cool hwhip I
love it so much they're just a lot
easier to manage them like YouTube ones
I love you Danny
how sweet is this comment pause it and
read it so sweet
focus on my face please I like need I
got like food motive hmm I like need to
meet Danny how do you say her name
that means Satya main city in city I'm
so bad at pronouncing stuff I need to
meet her she seems like the like
sweetest person in the world
I need to like go over to Australia and
just like hang out with people or people
could come to New Zealand like no one
who becomes New Zealand crystalize if
you guys watch crystal quanti mm-hmm
yeah she's coming we're going to hang
out and film something together and
hopefully we'll hang out on the weekend
or something all just depends on how
busy
everybody is cetera but I'm looking
forward to meeting her this is her
channel go check her out her blooper is
the like my favorite bloopers in the
whole world there's one which you just
like yells at a partner and it makes me
laugh so much because it's so accurate
I'm like behind the scenes of YouTube
where is it I need to show you now I'm
like procrastinating right now I've got
some paperwork to sign and and I'm also
going to clean today after I finish
editing this vlog I need to set up my
video for today that um Puri Edwards
makeup tutorial and I need to clean my
makeup room clean my brushes and my
bedroom as well because there's clothes
everywhere okay I found it I found it I
found it
Oh Dean I find it haha I'll fuck you up
myself
what Dean why was that not tightened up
literally so accurate like I could not
start laughing the first time I like
watched that I think I watched it like
five times just like one rupee yeah
gotcha crap by the way this is bloopers
ten she deserves like fifty times the
amount of you she gets so make sure you
go subscribe she's so sweet I haven't
checked out YouTube videos and so long
like I just watched the ciccone jollies
every day at the gym and then I
literally like have barely been watching
anything else like about so many people
my subscriptions I need to like goes
from watch crying inside were you doing
with Louise toy you look guilty
what are you doing you eating it I saw
you
he's so cute maybe you it's ok you can
eat it or don't eat it because that's
not good for you but you can rip it up
yes
someone told me to stop talking to my
dolls like babies no they are my babies
so I will baby talk to them as much as I
like and if you don't like it to bed
look em I say what you have behind you
what have you got in your beads hmm
you're so lucky look at that beard that
looks comfier than my beard do you know
that what what this is his way of saying
pass off mum this is mine what take a
ball Jesus Oh someone's noticed they
look so brutal don't they they always do
this they sit there and they just like
shake each other they're playing by the
way they're not fighting if you couldn't
tell what if they got on here frigging
leaves they go outside and they just
like just rip out the plants and shred
them up inside make a mess don't you
children it is 12:30 already to finished
off a whole lot of like business stuff
finished off scheduling my videos for
today and Friday so all my videos for
the week are ready to go I also edited
my vlog from his day and started eating
another video
I haven't saw my emails yet but I'm just
going to do some tidying up actually
first I'm gonna have some lunch can we
see this as well why am i doing a pimple
there it's just so rude I just got some
bad news about the trip that me and a
youtuber was supposed to be going on
it's not happening anymore
so that's really sucky but also
everything happens for a reason you know
and apparently there's another
opportunity in a little while so I'll
let you know what it is later on I just
don't like
saying stuff like for this very reason
like I don't like announcing staff until
stuff is like sit and stone and I'm
working on so many different things
right now I've told you a couple clues
about a couple things and it's just like
so much happening there yeah I'll let
you know if there's any more updates
later on I was supposed to be going
somewhere with Sully here's my lunch
muscle fuel sent this with my last water
and they said they were bringing out
some vegetarian meals so I'm guessing
this is something that they're going to
be bringing out at some stage and then
sell it and then this looks like some
kind of dressing I don't know what this
is but I'm excited to try ax that smells
good kind of looks like some kind of
like vegetable fritter I don't know kind
of spicy I can't place what this is
though I have no idea what this is toast
really good though and watching Samantha
from battle ash beauty I love her and
this tastes incredible I put this
dressing on I think it's like an aioli
and like I don't even know it's like a
some kind of vegetable or I don't even
know
cucumber maybe no idea it didn't have a
label all I know is that this tastes
incredible and the spinach is amazing
their milk has to be like one of the
best muscle fuel meals
I hope they actually bring it out soon
trying to decide whether I clean up the
rest of my filming room first what my
bedroom I might do the bedroom there's
one suitcase there than my other
suitcase is in the hallway and then
there's my overnight bag I took to
Auckland as well so I need to tidy this
up and I think I'm going to go through
all my drawers and get rid of everything
I haven't been wearing because there are
people out there that need the clothes
more than I do and I've got nowhere to
put all my clothes so it just makes
sense some people are so weird
like I don't expect you around to like
my videos that's what I always say like
nobody likes everybody like what's that
quote by Kat Von D you could be the
rapist to Shias page and there's still
going to be people that don't like
peaches I have no problem but what I do
have a problem with is when people think
they can just like comment shit on my
photos hello Louie
so there's go like tags her free and
she's like some people shaking my head
and then like her friend replies one
that she tagged her friend and she's
like what the fuck is this bitch doing
with her life who needs that much makeup
is she really that lonely they she needs
to video herself everywhere I cringed
the whole 12 minutes long that girl with
a gun to her head
and then I couldn't help myself I call
me I was like you guys are so cool I
wish I had friends like you and then the
girl that commented it's like oh my god
I didn't even mean to comment on this
completely wrong post I'm so sorry
typical like every time a hater realizes
that you see their comment they like
instantly like oh my god no like I
didn't even mean to say that I'm like
yes you did
least like own up to it ah people if you
don't like my videos don't watch them
like I don't know why people watch my
videos if they hate me
like that makes no sense there are
plenty of like celebrities and stuff
that I don't hate any celebrities
because I just don't but I mean there
are celebrities that I don't like follow
because I just don't really care don't
like follow them and abuse them it makes
no sense
fist pump fist pump I'm just lying on my
tiered going through Twitter minding my
own business and then I get this the
private message from Mike balls Megan he
messaged me some other time I can't
remember I'm too scared to open this
message can people tell when you've like
read their message I don't know they
just occasionally messages me is that
have you been like micro Posner I'm
obsessed with you stop it
fangirling and I'm like I can't even
breathe properly really what do I do
does he realize they're like celebrity
should not talk like that like you can't
just message someone that loves you and
say how have you been panicking what do
you even say to that like hey I've been
good mike posner how about you mike
posner I am like obsessed with him like
when I was 8 you call his music got me
through like I would I listen to his
music
every friggin day every single day
exists with him I can't deal with my
life right now oh my god now I'm
skinny's gonna watch this vlog or
something I'm sure you wouldn't but what
if he watches this vlog and realizes how
obsessed I am with them Tim what Lily
what happens though he's like I really
don't care I did it all of my brushes
are nice and clean so satisfying and I
wipe down my bench and still nice and
shiny Justin if Y I know I don't get
good barista I mean good free stuff good
green stuff for free YUM avvocato and
toast because I had to use the other
half of that ever cutter and three
pieces of toast cuz I'm sort of freaking
hungry it's not even funny you can't see
guys
Hamish just spotted this it's a
whitetail I'm just gonna have to spray
it away I'm gonna just spray the fuck
out of you know it's just gonna fall and
run yeah but what else am I gonna do I
don't know I can't get the camera to
focus on it Oh fuckin ginormous sorry
man holy shit thats back I can't forget
cuz I don't want to get any closer it's
so big oh it's huge how they doin it is
it's like an old 50 cent coin size it
yep you're not close enough go closer
it's not gonna die you need a like oh my
god it's moving it's moving where is it
where is it under the desk oh no got the
heebie jeebies fuckery can you just
spray like fly spray onto the desk oh my
god it did you see that thing for you
say it is it did ah fuck up shut up I'm
Maurice not going to deal with us duck
here oh my god you gotta go near the
head of jump on you
that's a fucking white tail is it
actually it did no it's not smooth I
told you they don't die Hey look was it
a white tail yeah
Oh what are you saying about bombing the
house okay we need to know what was
there I'm not gonna be able to sleep
tonight this is a second White Tower
with ours in a couple days
I feel like bugs are calling on me now
holy shit that was big excuse me oh my
god it is a white tail why would I make
that up
well I'm gonna go so big that's like the
biggest five it was in my life so I'm
here Oh gross can we not
can we go stay at a hotel tonight Louie
he didn't have to deal with the spider
though yeah he's happy embarrassing with
me so I know what was it was scary I'm
just gonna even look bug on camera I
know but it was I'm just thankful it
didn't it wasn't like Louie who found it
cuz I'm not sure that would be a good
outcome of a white tail like what does
it better dog
poor thing I feel bad for the spider but
that shit had to die to be in the house
there's a second one what do you do like
do we get like a exterminator we'll have
to get one then he's like dead I'm
moving out I would - I'm going with you
okay me and him is just watched document
documentaries documentaries all night so
we're going to go to sleep now I hope
you guys enjoyed today's log and I will
talk to you tomorrow
I
