morning everyone so I am making my
morning smoothie and just got back from
the gym clearly and I have because
obviously used to I finished my other
protein so I've got this one now which
is that same rain just like my vitamins
and stuff this is just I think it's been
the LA flavor with yeah it's vanilla
flavor and then I'm also gonna try some
of the stuff I got yesterday and then
I'm in milk mango lots of spinach and
bananas there look guys that chlorella
powder stuff is like bright green no
wonder it's full of iron what did you
get
you're so lucky
yeah so here is the smoothie the
chocolate stuff is that smoothie
superfood stuff it smells like chocolate
cause of like a cow and it spinach and
I'm and milk and mango and everything in
here I also had some freshly juiced
ginger and lemon this morning well back
to doing this I'm also doing this I
don't wanna the thing is it smells
pretty good it's so deceiving and then
you taste a and it's just like this is
borne of Satan the trick is you have to
make sure there's no little little lumps
of it because otherwise it like bursts
in your mouth and it just tastes really
really bad and it like goes down your
throat or dry it's so nasty
we made juice for breakfast this morning
as well well I'm having mine later as a
snack and just an FYI when you make
homemade juice like green juice water it
down it taste so much better and then
you know you're getting water in your
diet as well because what is important
you know but it actually does taste a
lot you know that's what they do at the
restaurants and stuff to make it taste
less potion like if you've ever made
green juice and it tastes really full-on
and light intense that's all you need to
do is just water it down a little bit
okay it goes with the good green stuff
oh man oh I got a bubble bit straight
away like lumps everywhere look at that
I'm not being dramatic
okay like some people love the taste of
good green stuff and I envy you that man
Hamish hater Ivan got kellyo track cuz
she
had Glen jollof evals like oh you should
get some of this like it could be really
good to get into your diet just to help
you feel a little bit more energized and
you know get some vitamins in and she
like tried it she's like oh it smells so
good and didn't she was just like which
is I'm not buying it I'm not buying it
at all this was a hunt like Tanya
dollars just under two hundred dollars
for a kilo like this will last a really
long time but it's really expensive as
well which makes me need to drink it
even more I don't know how that would
feel about me saying how gross it is I'm
getting a good green stuff massage my
throat just doesn't want to spoil it's
like a new the the last that's really
falling because it likes to doze in the
bottom got a delicious smoothie waiting
for me after this I'm so dramatic
I'm sorry my body does something like
this okay that's done
straight home to my smoothie because I
need something that tastes good please
taste good oh my gosh it tastes so good
tastes chocolaty like that um powder you
can't taste the green powder either I
don't even know if it has like a taste
or anything it basically tastes like a
chocolate thick shake okay sorry I
didn't tell you before but I'm kind of
in a hurry
it is 22 team because I didn't really
wake up very early this morning and I
wanted to film a tutorial today I'm
feeling very inspired I'm like I know
what kind of make it look I want to go
for I'm really excited to start filming
but I need to do it so obviously so the
Lighting's good so I need to go wash my
hair it's a completely bird's nest and
disgusting right now and then I've also
got some packages on the beach which I
want to open before I start filming just
in case there's something in there that
I can use today so I'll show you what I
got in the mail in a moment there's like
quite a lot of stuff right I put on a
little bit of fake tan wash my hair
I want to show you quickly what's in
these packages now to start filming
because it's early 10 o'clock the time I
film and makeup tutorial really like
11:30 or so and then
hopefully I'll have time to do another
one I might actually do a first
impression video too so I got sent some
stuff from benefit hey gorgeous we're
about to launch a new product I wanted
to share it with you first a patrol to
find eyelids from unfriendly skies hop
defend against environmental stress $50
available October 2015
okay it's a eyelid primer it's quite SPF
in it too that's nuts also I bought a
bunch of stuff off MEK and Nordstrom so
I think that's what's in here I might do
a whole video my futurescan factor some
lipsticks yeah I think I'm gonna do a
whole math stuff what stuff Charlotte
Tilbury
I'll show you this properly now I got a
new phone case got bananas on it lorac
Pro matte palette and then heaps and
heaps of macanese I'm gonna blow dry my
hair now and then start filming because
I am running it's very behind schedule
hello long time no talk it is now 1:30
in the afternoon I was supposed to be
getting my nails done in half an hour
but my nail appointment has been
cancelled something came up but it's
okay I'll go get them done another day
it's no problem
my name is actually holding up really
really well like they're growing out but
the actual polish is like pristine so I
filmed a makeup tutorial I also filmed a
first impression so I'm going to keep
coming back throughout the day that you
know check up on that I also filmed that
makeup haul quickly except I had to cut
it short I don't know what's wrong with
me but I've got like a really really
slow stomach right now it's actually
kind of passing like I got a really
really full stomach and then it went
away and then it came back again while I
was filming and then I just like had
this massive hot flash and I was just
like switching like I'm like switching
right now so I'm gonna go have some
lunch I'm probably hungry that's
probably my problem
probably my problem probably my problem
I'm kind of craving avocados so I might
do that today and also I've got my green
juice in the fridge look how cute this
is also I'm gonna spend some of the
afternoon editing yesterday's vlog and
editing a video for tomorrow might do I
like tutorial for tomorrow oh my gosh
but as you can see again my room has
just turned into a pigsty so I think
later this afternoon I'm gonna come in
here and just put away all my makeup and
clean up a bit also got clothes
everywhere from the hall I did like a
week or two ago and just
haven't been home so like everything
just gets so missing when I'm not like
here because every time I do come in
it's just like grabbing stuff and
packing stuff and throwing stuff
everywhere so I need to sort out the
situation but guys this wasn't mean to
be this ever caught I was like perfect
this is the most satisfying moment in
life is when you cut open in every
cutter and it's just like perfectly
green no Brown just green so pretty so
fresh so delicious I am very very happy
with life right now
this looks amazing and will so having a
green juice as well it's kind of
separated because it was made this
morning but that's fine it still tastes
good I already taste tested it I think
it's like apple carrot maybe ginger
spinach kale something along those lines
still the girl everyone so today's
makeup look this is really inspired
below there is a shade or two lighter
than my foundation and my skin look a
little bit more golden and match the
fake tan I have on on my chest and
shoulders and ever just be lighting
minute to achieve periods bronze Duke
golden cheeks and Asian looks a little
bit like but I promise you it's not it
is just the lighting I am so annoyed
right now I'm trying to do my voice over
and a low enslie's are playing in the
background they keep barking struggles
can you guys stop low a he's not
listening he's like shut up mom he just
does not care that's gonna look really
weird on this lighting I hope it doesn't
look like that in real life I'm so
starved I just finished editing my
period Wade's makeup tutorial so I think
I'm actually gonna put that up tomorrow
so I three D I'll link it down below
otherwise keep an eye out on my main
channel also I finished editing my
Christian announce with my mum and I
have decided I think I'm gonna wait
until next week or the week after to
upload that I will keep you updated and
the reason being is I've got a snapchat
question art so which I forgot about
that it's like on my channel right now
that I need to make public so I think I
might put my snapchat one up on Friday
this week that's what I'm thinking I
know you guys are really really looking
forward to the question Matt's with my
mom so I hope it's with the white so now
I've gotta go do an update for my
foundation let's see how it looks in
like a proper lighting oh my gosh their
glow
Louie Lily
what so I don't know if I'm gonna get
time to clean up everything today I
might just start on this room and then I
can finish off tomorrow
so I put away most of the makeup and now
I've just got like a billion and one
brushes that I have to clean still so I
think I might continue tomorrow because
I'm absolutely and very very
hungry so I think I'm gonna go find some
food
oh I organised don't mind my hair just
took out my hair extensions I am
organized my eye shows a little bit bit
of toe box more of these like acrylic
things well that I should OHS that kind
of get a little bit mixed up that one's
like an extra one nano methods are just
like stag dinner where are you taking a
mesh table 102 my favorite looks like
they've changed the menu a little bit
we're at table one a doubt I think I'm
gonna get either the vegetable or the
ravioli in one of these two we need in
Russia
yeah and the bruschetta this year is the
best I got bruschetta Lee and Hamish got
the duck petit which is amazing as well
we got onion rings and Hamish got what's
at the lamb rack yeah holy they
look so good and then I got the
vegetable it's like a vegetable stick
how did he say it will know mouthful I
don't know
something crazy how's the onion ring
good Hamish was already digging into my
dessert that's good Hamish got creme
brulee and I got this make adamian nut
something I don't even know what it is
it's like the daily special it looks
amazing
is it real good yeah just join the trial
so I can actually have to talk about
don't go on this isn't the time right
now turn it off so I start to finish my
video what time is it even 22 nine hello
you excited to see me mmm wearing this
Jersey from white folks be taken in
these jeans are misguided this blue my
will alone has lasted so I haven't
touched it up all day obviously you guys
know in the tutorial cups when that
tutorial goes up so I think tonight I
mean how much gonna sit down play some
more of that game I think it's
danganronpa
I probably said that wrong I can't
remember what it's called it's something
similar that haven't played it since
their last time I talked about it oh I
really want to play some more he's
getting so long but you can't tell cuz
the Front's are short but then the backs
really long like how annoying is that I
just feel like my hair so then now cuz
I'm so used to wearing clipping
extinctions that when I don't hit them
in I'm like oh my god I've got like no
here I have so much makeup on right now
you know these that I haven't you just
like you just were like peel your face
off I cannot wait to get this off hello
I'm just testing out one of these
blackhead out masks like it's like a
portrait this is by the brain the face
shot I got off that Korean website a few
weeks ago is how we are looking so
hopefully I can get some gunk out all
right
this is very tight tightly on
look away now if you were squeamish I
don't have like a terrible blackheads
but you can seal the little bits it
pulled out gross it's always so
satisfying to look at anyways I'm gonna
go to sleep now actually I'm not I'm
gonna play that PlayStation game
probably I hope you guys have this is
such a bit angle hope you guys have a
good day and I'll talk to you soon bye
