how spoiled are you lucky you Anna Sun
hi sis I love you yes I love you too
why crying good morning everybody
I'm so red I had such a good workout oh
so bright I had such a good workout this
morning it's so nice you bet to the gym
because I've been so like hectic
traveling over the last like two weeks
as you guys know like out of breath I
just went hard out on the cross trader
today I didn't rhyme I just was like
belting out like high-intensity as I
told you in my last walk a few people
missed it I guess they didn't watch the
end of the video but I told you guys
that I was vlogging Sydney for visa it's
like a sponsored video so I think that
goes up like next week sometime
something like that so I will obviously
share it on this channel so you'll see
it come up in your subscriptions and on
Twitter and Facebook and everything so I
did flog Friday Saturday but I didn't
actually vlog Sunday yesterday because
we got up at like 6:00 and then got
ready like picked I hopped on a plane
then we were on planes until I think we
got home at about 6:30 at night so it
was just kind of like I'm not gonna vlog
there that's really boring so I didn't
log its today but today I am starting
again as I say I'm not a daily vlogger
like I say daily vlog daily because
sometimes I weren't flogged like for
instance like it was just so boring plus
I was exhausted and just wanted to get
home and kind of the puppies and
everything there today I think like I
just got back from the gym but I don't
think I'm going to shower here I'm going
to eat it and I've got like three videos
I really want to get you to save my vlog
like the visa vlog the Sydney vlog I'm
also that period words tutorial and then
question and odds with my mum I also
have like three other videos to it as
well and I think later on I might take
the dogs for a walk because I've been
away all week and still haven't been
John has it lots of people were like
what do you do with your talking you're
gone and we always get someone to house
it and John ended up house-sitting this
week he engineer messaged us and he's
like I kept Louie out for like hours and
hours and then it like 5:00 a.m. in the
morning you wanted to come in solo it
climbs in bed with them I think that's
so funny he's like I must sleep with a
human so yeah we're past it is but
anyway they've been for a walk all
weekend so I might take them later on so
yeah I'm just going to smooth it I'm so
rude
they finished a whole protein oops I've
got protein powder banana lots of
raspberries lots of mango good green
stuff because we don't have any spinach
I'm about to go over to the grocery
store stone and almond milk for my
liquid because I'm a milk tastes so good
pull the Creta cystic I can taste the
good green stuff mm-hmm it's not
terrible though I need to just do what
Hamer says I should just like shulte it
cuz that's what he does every morning
just shots the good green stuff and like
it's done but that just makes me feel
really sick so maybe I'll try stirring
it it's like a gigantic glass of water
and make it real watery this is doable
though but it's not delicious hi Suze
hello why are you so cute did you tell
everyone what Friday was it was your
birthday last night we got him a
spoonful of umm McFlurry or not like
McFlurry like soft-serve from McDonald's
cuz he loves it but he doesn't really
get it because obviously it's not good
for him that because it was his birthday
we gave him a spoonful of McFlurry ice
cream and he was very happy weren't you
I wish I filmed it now
he was so really it was all over his
face he's hiding from the camera no you
don't get a treat you got a treat last
night if you have Jimmy treats you'll
get sick yes I love it when I just post
a picture and there's random like men
yes come in random pictures okay okay
all right
like did he edit this himself so funny I
give them so often as well like random
like pictures of like bouquets of
flowers and they're like for you look
here's another one I don't know their
stuff oh my god this orbitty
where do these people come from the best
a most beautiful one called
so sweet very nice harmony there's so
many of these like spam accounts I
bought literally like at least probably
like 1820 a day I'm not going to go
through them from local days cuz they
creep me out a little bit I'm sorry
Muhammad I'm sorry Danny
Fernando sorry mate why is it that some
of my pictures just get all of these
random like guys commenting it's just
like random pictures like I'm going to
this one here because that one's funny
I'm looking so glamorous right now put
me and Hamish is just hopping into town
quickly to grab some fruit and veg and
stuff for the way we're first hopping
into an organic shop and Pamir kind of
sucks because there's are not that many
organic fruit and veggie places apart me
like we need to start guys the markets
on the weekends more often because I
don't know it's just been a few wasn't
it but well I don't know is there more
organic shops in this one we go the one
on Terrace end but they never have much
of a selection so we just get what we
can from there and then get the rest
from countdown kind of deal I haven't
shown you guys like what we buy or
anything in a while I am going to get
some more muscle fuel meals I just need
all some more because obviously I've
been away for the last couple weeks or
that hasn't been happening but I am
gonna order some more today hopefully if
I remember we're just going to grab some
extras at the moment this is it here
it's called organic looking I don't know
if you can see look how big those
parsnips are so here's what we got tons
of bananas because me and Hamish go
through them a lot from obviously like
smoothies and stuff I got some spinach
and kale and frozen mango potato and
cumin and a little surf Rogers and then
from the organic store we got a couple
bags of kale in there switch we don't
know what it was and the lady said it's
kind of like a cross between silver beet
and spinach to play some random
vegetable avocado what else some kiwi
fruit some free range eggs ginger
carrots these carrots are so funny look
how hoodie they look and then I also got
this superfood smoothie mix apparently
it's got lots and lots of antioxidants
and minerals
there's cacao make a powder or maca
powder I can never remember how to
pronounce that lucuma and Miss white
powder probably pronouncing all those
words really really wrong but it's for
antioxidant energy vitality and then I
also got this one it's called chlorella
powder and it's made to be good for iron
and it's also got lots and lots of B
vitamins in it so I thought hopefully to
be good for my b12 who knows it's worth
a try that iron it's meant to be good
for you chlorella is well known for
being an incredible superfood what are
the most something-something nutrient
rich Whole Foods found on the planet
lots of vitamins minerals nutrients
vitamin B's and iron it's 120
and I still haven't showered I still
taking the dogs for a walk I've just
been editing all morning I'm on my
second video
it is my Sydney video and now I'm it is
hanging my lime crime swatch video so I
thought I would stop and have something
to eat because I'm so hungry I was gonna
have juice but I'm busy and she takes a
little bit of time to make so I'm just
going to have some veggies green veggies
and potato so this is a meal I just
custom made on muscle fuel like a week
or so ago it is expired but it still
tastes fine and I just tested it is
broccoli capsicum it looks like some
zucchinis asparagus and some potato
beans I don't know if I see beans and
then a little light barbecue sauce and
there as well so there is lunch what are
you doing what you old man
okay it is 10:00 to 5:00 and I am almost
finished
I'm just going to put some little
overlays over the video so they take me
another like maybe half an hour maybe an
hour it depends how how fast I can do it
because I'm not very good at it I'll
finish that off so I'll finish that off
tonight but first I am going to take the
dogs for a walk before it gets dark
tonight and it's my Facebook I'm sorry I
know it gets so confusing like when
you're watching someone's blogs and you
hear this bring-bring you think you're
getting messages but really you aren't
story of my life all right you too Tandy
ate your lazy bums off the couch
he's like who do you think you're
talking to doing some stretches before
you walk stretch good man so like always
I'll talk to you later because I'm just
going to go for a walk around the
neighborhood and yeah Lily do you want
to go for a walk Jonny go for a walk oh
really come on he's like okay I'm ready
let's go alright so I got back like half
now forty minutes ago I'm just gonna hit
some dinner now I'm like craving cheese
so I think I might make like some kind
of toasty and then I need a have a
shower I'm so glad I haven't been around
people today because I
it's not really bad I've finished off
some more emails and stuff I need to
wash my hair as well but they can wait
till tomorrow so I'm doing some Pitta
sandwiches obviously this makes two and
it's kind of like an anti pesto one I'm
doing spinach and then tomato olives red
onion artichoke hearts which like my
favorite things at the moment and then
some smoked Havarti cheese and it may be
a little bit of tangy tomato relish on
there I'm not sure what I'm going to use
yet YUM I'm in bed eating and watching
her mature play Sonic all-stars racing
which is a really really good game by
the way it's really fun to play like
co-op and stuff Shelly's vlog from the
other night is up so make sure you go
check it out on her Channel silly Joe
and yes I dropped my phone while I was
in Sydney I got out of a taxi and was
just like smack and I destroyed it I'm
so sad oh I need to claim some insurance
guys like I hit 900,000 on Instagram I'm
so stoked I can't even believe that many
people care about like my pitches that's
a crazy big number I'm going to do a
face mask I'm going to do the glam glow
power module cleanse treatment this is
the one that turns into like an oily
substance this seems not terrible but I
feel like I've got a little bit
condition down my chin around my nose so
hopefully this will help me he looks
really weird right now it smells so good
it's like pierre either way honestly
like since getting there um b12
injection but it's so it like okay not
so so so much more energy but definitely
an increase in energy already like even
for instance right now it's like 9:30 at
night and normally i would be won't
truly like basically asleep by now I'm
not even tired yet I think I'll just go
to bed after I do this mask anyway but
yeah like during the day I definitely
had a lot more focus so I'm really
really happy about that like it's
already worth it to me it's people are
like oh how come like you find injection
so painful and scary when you've got
tattoos and piercings but it's not
really than like it is the needle that
scares me like with a tattoo it's
totally different and I guess the
difference is like the part that really
makes me black like grossed out is I can
actually like feel fluid going into my
veins I can feel like when I'm getting a
blood tastes when I feel it coming out
I don't know I guess I'm just really
sensitive to that I can feel it
happening and it just grosses me out and
it makes me panic and it just I don't
know it's just really not nice for me so
it is that's like the biggest thing and
also a wide myself ups I think about it
way too much like the other day when I
got that b12 like I was already in such
an upset mood and then that just topped
it off and I was just like crying
because I was just like working myself
up and I just panicked and yeah it did
hurt it
hopefully needs time I kind of know what
to expect so hopefully I won't cry it's
definitely worth it though like if your
doctor says that you need to get some
egyptians like that like don't be scared
definitely go ahead because it's made a
big difference already so i'm going to
leave that on and leave that to dry for
a while and hopefully it makes my skin
look amazing and now we make it all
boiled with water other words feels it
cuz you're like thick and creamy my skin
feel so clean like I can't feel any
little like bumps of skin or it was all
congested before like it exfoliates or
something a little bit that was good
visual for summer rusev oil Lilly say
good night his legs so long and awkward
that he can't scratch his head properly
what's wrong Hamish this thing was
what's wrong how many times have you
done it
hmm it just doesn't it's homey look at
this Oh
Hamish is about to break his controller
I think have you ever broken a
controller no oh my gosh I'm surprised
in the loading screen takes forever what
is this that is just completely straight
at my time Hamish is playing Rayman by
the way this is another really good game
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
thank you for being understanding about
yesterday was boring and it was kind of
nice just to have a little break as well
I hope you guys have a really good day
or night if you're not I hope it gets
better soon and I'll talk to you
tomorrow
Hey
