I am having a meltdown okay it's 8:00
a.m. what 7:50 a.m. oh I got up it's
even got ready to go to the gym and then
I realized I've just got so much to do
this morning
so here's has gone without me I like
really for the Jeremiah took pre-workout
I did everything and then I was like
 like I have so much to do at like
11:00 I've got those the b12 shots which
I'm really not looking forward to then
after that got a really important errand
I have to run with my mum and then after
that I have to go to Wellington for some
appointments and I'm just like stressed
out so much I leave for Sydney tomorrow
morning really early I haven't packed I
haven't like I haven't it is it
yesterday's vlog which I've got to get
up and then I'm gonna eat it today's
vlog today for tomorrow like which is
kind of stressful because I probably
won't get back from while I turn into
late I have to edit my Maybelline video
because that's due tomorrow and I'm
panicking like I'm really really really
really stressed right now just so much
happening at once like it's just been so
so so so busy like I was editing too
late last night and now I'm just like oh
and I'm so tired like I could have
slipped her so much longer today is just
a really busy day and I'm sure I'll be
fine I just have to get through it okay
I don't know how much you're going to
hear from me today because I'm very
stressed so my blood test it's in half
an hour
um I have the weirdest outfit in the
world on right now I just put on fake
tan and it's raining so I've had to like
cover my whole body pop my ankles I
could put socks on but I didn't think of
that message approaches a scarf and then
gray leggings from boohoo I look like I
should be engaged like I feel like I'm
wearing pajamas in public or something
but oh whatever our appointments in mind
have just been cancelled as well so I
rushed my tan for nothing this morning
that's okay at least I have more time to
pack my bags this afternoon now I am
just like really exhausted and
it's just lots personal stuff happening
in my life and lots of other stuff and
it's just like everything comes crashing
on me at once and I'm just like hmm I
smell like one morning crying that's why
I'm not wearing makeup I'm just like no
if you wanna have a whinge at me for
being more like poor me for a day then
go for it I really don't care I'm a
normal person I have down days and it's
okay to have down days every now and
again I'll get back to thinking
positively tomorrow hopefully later
today but if not tomorrow
everyone has days like this where
everything just goes wrong and
everything just feels like too much
Chloe please away please
maybe I do the truth stuff it too many
traits hope you decide no never
oh and we have we have I saw emotion
fully doing when do you get your nails
done again okay chillin chillin all
right when are you going to get you out
start again there are lots that's it
that's the rule I can suddenly do you
know Sam
Jenna she shed on that she's ignoring
you since I didn't feel it
then he'll it didn't take time memory
energy you're going to give sure got my
d12 and it hurt and hopefully the nurse
said it should work within a day or two
so hopefully by the weekend which would
be good because I'm gonna be in Sydney
I paid more energy for it there
hopefully it's worth it she says it will
be worth it so I believe her Louie we
have to pick he come to Sydney with me
you want to come try now come so now
1:30 9:00 p.m. I need to go all my fake
tan looks so bad I rushed at this
morning that's not ideal I need to go
pack can't be bothered don't have any
clean clothes I've been traveling so
much lately I haven't even caught up on
my washing why is my house after not
done by washing yet I asked you to do it
it's not fear I need some help Lily so
this is how I pick I basically just
check everything down on the floor and
then pack it in as I go so I've got like
some jeans here t-shirts socks some
workout gear for if we go for a walk
I've got sneakers and casual shoes and
I've got like heeled boots over there
that I can wear during the day or night
I've got a couple dresses and like play
suits just if it's hot with her just
t-shirts and stuff a jacket and a couple
cardigans underwear bras etc oh can you
not wait gross I don't want that on my
clothes he's looking for a place to hide
it so that's the clothes I'm only
staying for like well it's like two and
a half days so I'll wear something to
the airport tomorrow and then I'll have
all of this for changes of clothes and
stuff like that depending on what we end
up doing I don't think it's going to be
anything too intense it's just really
chilled and laid-back so I haven't
really paid anything too over-the-top
then I'll pack my makeup in toiletries
add my toiletries last because obviously
tomorrow morning I'll still need to wash
my face and brush my teeth and
everything so that'll go on at the very
end so hopefully I have it not forgotten
any clothing items how nice is this the
woman's refused them in email to say
thank you so we've just come
to storage box because we needed some
tribal like containers on for our trip
away I was just searching Mims so what
you do is you take your first name and
then you write me after it and you
search it on google images I found this
one and then this one made me laugh a
lot just here waiting for Shannon to
finish shopping so funny good cheap
entertainment
storage box take your pet kamesh which
one my day is so riveting I'm craving
chips and anti-pesto so that's what I'm
going to have for dinner tonight I just
feel like snacking so these are just
some potatoes I'm gonna put in some
seasoning and cook these up we are in
snack heaven we've got some artichoke
and some stuffed mini catechins
ciabatta bread and some tiger bread
olives a little bit of cheese some this
is um carrot and Coomera salad sun-dried
tomatoes a little bit of cucumber dip in
some bagel crisps and then chips which
now I'm like I shouldn't cook both but
oh well happiness looks like this so man
how much are about to play a little bit
of a game that we got seen what's it
called it's called until dawn and it's
meant to be like a really scary game so
Hamish is gonna be filming a video for
his channel like a little just like a
little reaction like playing the first a
little bit of the game and everything so
when that's up eventually I will link it
for you um in a vlog I'll let you know
when it's up now share it on social
media and stuff beer should be fun
are you doing it's being very needy
hello okay so we just filmed one chapter
the very beginning of until dawn not too
many scares but it's still really
interesting so yeah as I said I'll let
you know when it's on Hamish is channel
keep an eye on my social media and I'll
also mention it in a vlog when it's up
I'm gonna go get ready for bed now I
might do a face mask quickly because my
skin is like panicking and I'm getting a
really sore
zit right here which is weird because I
never get in there
hmm I'm going to use this face mask
because I used it that at the time and I
really liked it and it just felt really
nice so it is the Dermalogica clear
start cooling mask
okay so I've got the face mask on I just
want to remind you guys that my vlog
from it Sydney will not pick up like
daily so tomorrow there won't be a vlog
and maybe the day after there won't be a
vlog either back when I arrived in New
Zealand again after this weekend we're
only going away for like two days
philosophy back to normal if I feel like
doing them as I say I don't promise to
daily vlog I'm just doing them when I
feel like doing that but the visa video
I've got to edit and then obviously just
make sure everything is cool before I
upload it so that'll be up I don't know
maybe in a few days I'm not too sure how
it's all going to work I'll update you
on social media and everything
hopefully the four would be worth are
going to do some fun stuff so I can't
wait and I'm sure I'll probably end up
meeting some of you over there as well
which would be really nice so yeah hope
you guys have a really good day I hope
you enjoyed today's vlog I think today's
one was a little bit better than
yesterday's vlog yesterday's while it
was so short and I literally did nothing
but like travel and work so it was just
pretty boring love you guys hate and
I'll talk to you soon make sure you
follow us on social media as well if you
want updates over this weekend
hey yeah bye
