good morning I don't know if you can
hear the noise outside it just kind of
stopped
we got woken up so early from like
construction so we were like sleeping in
a week awake sleeping in a way I read
every game because of construction
outside from early morning so that was
great so today we've just done a little
bit of makeup picked up well I've packed
up my stuff and then we're going to
ditch out bags and meet up with my
manager for breakfast and like ten
minutes
and then I have no idea what we're gonna
do after that I'm sorry I I just
realized how tired I was like when I
started to talk talking to the camera
we're on our way to brunch so much
traffic in all things we got lost for a
little while but we finally found it
okay that was the wrong entrance on the
back this is so confusing it's my guy
and it'll make it into it it's hard to
find anything
you're cute and like I don't even know
what asked but it looks amazing look how
cute these shoes are dying so we're
walking down Queen Street and I was just
telling Sully about trailer park boys
I'm like oh my gosh you have to watch it
and then I was like telling her about
bubbles and about how bubbles like dr.
old man but it was like the Hello Kitty
shop I want this one so bad I feel like
I needed just like an elephant Hello
Kitty I have zero regrets right now so
Sally and I and now at the airport it
was sounds like this little like edge
from the park like my phone's day so
we're just like chilling out the floor
we got some tank and some sushi for
lunch because what's the time now
must be like 1 oh sorry oh yes to past 1
so I fly out in about an hour
got some avocado sushi and a tank drink
and mayonnaise whatever then hi hi so
much love ooh
it is 5:35 finish isn't bid because he's
really tired and my mom is on her way
over because she's coming with me to get
the b12 shots tomorrow and we've also
got to do some other errands and stuff
so she's staying the night tonight and
she's gonna make us some Thai green
curry with vegetables and rice and I'm
so excited and had a home-cooked meal
and so long because I just don't really
cook anymore I'm just cooking sometimes
but I just never have the energy for it
these days they're just kinda bothered I
love my mom I'm just finishing off my
vlog from yesterday as well as I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you're watching I
mean if you've really watched it if you
haven't watched it the link is down
below got so many videos to it as well I
made you free star uhm swatches my Puri
Edwards makeup look my question odds
with my mum
another like passport get ready with me
thing which I'm actually not gonna
upload until I get my passport I'm gonna
show you my passport in the video and
show you how like the photo turned out
and everything lots and lots of stuff to
do so you cut me I cups you tiger and
Karen
yeah there's more in the pan if you'd
like more I got a couple of packages
while I was gone this is Gerard
cosmetics and then this is MAC Cosmetics
so let's see oh look they've got boxes
for the lipsticks now they look very
classy oh it looks so nice
okay what is in here kiss-and-tell
divalicious and my tie okay so we have a
new Viva Glam can we appreciate how
amazing she looks in this holy crap I
love her hair like that so Viva Glam
miley cyrus - and then this collection
here just called a hot dogs and this is
out where does it say hot dogs is out
September 7th Viva Glam my liter is out
September 10th so this is the Miley
really nice kind of hot red color and
like the glittery red look glass and
then this eye shadow quad is the posh
pedigree really nice and neutrals and
then this lipstick here is rare breed
it's like a brownish nerd it is 8-18
p.m. and I've just been interesting
all night long since I got home from the
airport so now me and Hamish is just
gonna go to bed and chill and watch some
TV and then yeah sleep we'll hopefully
talk to you guys tomorrow bye
