good morning I'm wearing the same thing
as yesterday just a bit from the German
echo so hungry so I'm gonna have a
smoothing a stick end and I got some
nails I'm just open it quickly today I
am going to Auckland II will not to see
Sally me and Sally have a washer me so
I'll ash you're flying us up so I'm so
excited to see Sally today is our two
year anniversary of being Facebook
friends too so we met two years ago just
over two years ago so there is really
random I got some Nespresso coffee I did
not order there was it a PR package or
what I'm so confused
here's today's smoothie kale rice breeze
almond milk mango protein banana and by
the way someone asked me like does this
help you lose weight because it's called
skinny protein and no protein is
literally like just you know protein
I think it's called skinny protein
because it's low in sugar I'm not sure
it's not intended to help you lose
weight so yeah I'm just gonna make
myself a smoothie my gosh this one's
really good I put in a ton of mango I'll
talk to you guys in a bit I'm just gonna
go get ready for the amid snacks I'm
gonna do my makeup this morning I'm
gonna figure out what to wear and then
I'm gonna get it it's today's vlog all
before that I live in a clock it's
currently about quarter to teens so this
will be fun so it is 11:20 and I'm off
to the airport I grab some lunch on the
way this is my makeup I just did
something really simple and I'm just
gonna wear this tonight
I'm not really two-faced I'm looking too
fancy I'm just wearing a t-shirt and
like a black jacket and stuff I'll show
you my outfit later yeah I'm really
excited to see Sally soon when eat fresh
lunch on the go before I get to the
airport
we just landed while Islands a little
bit late I was me to Lane before silly
and they make like or really delayed and
then someone on my flight I think
fainted or like something happened and
then like we landed and then the
ambulance had to come on something with
a tail fist or whatever which is fair
enough so we're pretty light but it's
okay cuz II mean it's not till later
this afternoon so we're just gonna hit
into the hotel now and she can and chill
for a bit I'm just gonna wear this
except I'm gonna change my Jersey it's a
like a jacket or something like good
very good
yeah love you Oh sky tower right there
so pretty
we're staying at the what is this move
your neck here Pepa tell I'm
straightened our hair oh well obeyed
away so I just put on this jacket I'm
kind of wearing like it did I'm on denim
no I'll show you in a second but yeah
we're just gonna go over to look around
I think Sally's kind of pick ish you
gonna find some food or something go to
look at some shots and I don't know cuz
they're V it's not for like three or two
or three hours I think it's like a
minute look a minute look what a minute
walk from where we're staying
we're both wearing out four bits look
I'm gonna get those tips I know right
alright big I feel we're getting
who I like shall we get creamer fries Oh
spud fries the event doesn't finish like
7:30 and then by the time we like go
somewhere sit down like Auto it's gonna
be like hey everybody anyway okay so let
me like tonight so we have a snack so we
don't get hangry he's like ooh chips
chip what they fix from drums that hair
is mine and Sally's pre-dinner chris is
coming up the bad lighting Kris is
coming over soon so we'll see Chris I
think is love going yeah yeah love's
coming just a minute Briony malaise or
nothing out cold we also got these
little Forks look how funny these are
there's not even a fork attack a third
so here's what I'm wearing this is a
vogue top I think I got it off white
folks petite and this jacket is a sauce
and then I think these jeans are just
from like cotton on and they might boots
those glasses ones I've been like
thrashing these lately I mean my Prada
bag and I'm not wearing any accessories
like these sweets a love like so kind of
it would be really awkward if it was so
because you know we're at lunch
I found a puppy look at him
so we just oh this piece of here we
should speak to the lush of everything's
embargoed until like the end of this
month I can't actually show you the new
stuff so I thought I'd have way more
vlogging finish tonight but I don't
that's okay we're going out for dinner
Deonte let's say we say Liddell I want
to make a hole like compilation video of
your life no I just I filmed a video
yesterday and it's about my life I was
like it's not good
next I could switch like you flicked the
switch and it's like flick like video we
have to laugh oh my god your entire
locally doing a collab how I was doing
that try not to laugh it's like flicking
a switch because I watched your nose so
funny did you think like film a lie just
to get myself off it's funny oh no I
loved it I'm gonna do it
krisily you're just shake me out
so me interest infinitely read the
late-night diner and we're just gonna
get some food to share it's kind of late
and I'm not really hungry because we're
those fries earlier so me and Chris and
Sally are sharing and these are pickles
and then this is like gnocchi polenta
salad stuff so we are gonna call make up
by Michael Finch because that bitch like
Shannon so let's see what's gonna be so
yeah he's gonna freak out you ready
freak out bitch Shannon Shannon so girls
say hello my collection is oh yeah
driving down the road just wanted to say
hi say hi to everyone on Shannon's vlog
we're going to Kiwi oh to get some
frozen yogurt and I have announced that
we're gonna do the competition to see
who can make the prettiest frozen yogurt
I'm gonna win
like always busy so this is where
struggles that aren't willing Chris
Sully Shannon if to choose in the
comments who when was the prettiest one
mine's just like over the top brown look
really good but then I just ruined it
Sully was in the bathroom and she whips
out like this face mask thing it's that
one that I used that what's it called
the purifying facial peel by Manuka
doctor the one that I've like been
raving about lately and she like pulls
it out and I'm like can I use some of
that
so I'm doing a face mask and so is she
it's the peeling one so peel it off soon
I've been taking off my mascara yeah I
like what's what the rest of my makeup
but not my mascara cause like I could
not be bullied dealing with it you know
how it is yeah tonight was so fun it was
so nice catch you up late live and then
we could out with Chris as well oh yeah
me and sell you're just chilling out for
the risk the evening and I'll vlog
tomorrow we're going out for breakfast
with our miniature and catching up with
her and then I don't really know what
else we're gonna do is like the perfect
thickness of a peel mask well they're
about your face yes Oh God
some of it didn't dry I'm gonna go rinse
this off my face I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I'll talk to you
tomorrow
I hope bye
