hey Zeus hey Zeus hello hello hi good
morning
I've got mascara smushed fallen Am I as
I forgot to remove that last night so we
just got back from the gym good morning
I forgot to say good morning just go
back from the gym and this morning I am
filming a video for Mabley well not
completely Mabley but it sports if I'm
able in fact I'm going to use the
Maybelline products in some other brands
as well and I think I'm gonna do
something kind of Korean inspired
because I've just been loving the trends
that they've been kind of worried I'm
going to do that and then man how much
might go look at a few more cars this
afternoon we'll see how we go so I'm
wearing net run bitch hot I really like
it and then I'm wearing that new bra
from Puma and then the leggings as well
they're so good they're really
comfortable and then I also wore my new
a6 and they're really good although I
just got another blister so I'm just
nervous smoothie I've got this fruit I
bought it yesterday for a snack but then
I wasn't hungry in the end so I'm gonna
put this in my smoothie and also some
frozen fruit banana and stuff so in here
there's spinach protein powder chess a I
think that's orange and then grapes kiwi
fruit and water for my liquid ends
banana I don't know if I say tomahto
well the orange is really stringy but
it's kind of good The Lying is so bad
yes I just finished my tutorial it's so
low E and in kind of like ombre lips
bless your cheeks I can't get good
photos there it's one of those days it's
just not happening so now they me and
how much you gotta hit into town I look
at small cars this long so good
so we're off now we didn't get so much
by the way guys we're looking at BMW
cars and mercedes-benz but I don't think
this mercedes-benz here so we probably
won't do that I don't know hey thinking
that maybe it's a little good so yeah
we're gonna look at a couple cars maybe
go look at some of the ones we're
looking at previously just to kind of
compare and everything we still don't
know what we want
they I'm Way too black and yellow right
now yellow but look where I am
this is what I got potato on this today
as well it's underneath and then tougher
maybe she's gonna show me a car that is
really really nice
so me and a mesh went to BMW I don't
know I'm not too keen on them didn't
really say why when talking well I just
feel like don't worry were priced like
obviously they're gonna be it's like
you're kind of paying for the brands a
little bit so then we wait to like
messed up and now we're in a sandwich
you test driving in this and x-trail at
the moment but we went to measure and
mess there's some really good cars in so
does Subaru so I think we're gonna test
drive those after we're finished here we
just history over the missin what was it
it's like what you know didn't vlog air
we just to strobe basically we're in the
x-trail now and we just test drove the
smaller version which is really nice too
but this is a slightly bigger one here
much bigger I was really scared to try
the any SUV because I'm so used to the
portion it's a real little tiny and
we've had a minister before that so I
was freaking out as well but I got into
my first SUV which was like Shannon said
a smaller one
and once you've done it once that's
that's so easy you just treat it like a
normal car yeah it's not even I think
you get yourself worked up when you look
at them from the outside look how much
room I have and there's still like tons
of room in the back as well like it's a
really big one and it's got a really
cool like massive sunroof I think it you
go so you can go like that or you can
slide it backwards
so the x-trail was actually really nice
and stripes and now we're gonna go test
drive some other cars now we are in a
Subaru outlet what perfect oh I thought
was an outlander it could be a net land
I could be wrong I don't know so we're
test driving this and then we're gonna
test drive a mister
look there's the Porsche all right we
just test drove the mesda and the Messer
was really good as well so there's a few
good ones so I guess now we're to do a
little bit more research into the mall
and say like some reviews and everything
and I think I'm gonna go home now and do
some work because I'm gonna eat it and
then Hamish is going to go back out just
have a little look around without me
because I'm kind of over what have you
done
hello what have you done you ripped up
your beards you having a beer are you
having a beer he's worried about you
this is what he does when I'm sleeping
in bed he'll come out like 3 o'clock in
the morning
we've got Steve's for him to get on to
our benefit needs to but he'll come up
next to me and be like he's great choose
your way and then you'll be like Shane
oh mike Stephanie like I tell him the go
around to the other side and he just
doesn't and then you talk to go up the
stairs and he's I thought this stairs no
he just doesn't listen to me I've tried
to when you're asleep I don't let any
listens yeah well because he knows I
want that come on man hey Mitch did that
thing again
it's positive 7 o'clock at night and we
were at home and we were just like we
can't be bothered and then
like I spent my dinner and then we
couldn't figure out we go so I think
we're gonna go too near our smile cuz
everything shut again and we couldn't be
able to cooking so yeah
story the life this is my favorite
pumpkin risotto it's amazing this hair
is so good too if you become here you
have to try that just tell me what it's
called YUM me and Hamish got the same
thing
are you excited a little bit this is the
best meal it's a vegetarian like risotto
and the vegetables and just like cooked
so well they taste so nice this is the
best risotto in the world if you can
ever finish this meal I will give you a
virtual high five Hamish is dying too so
bad but so good hi Rahul what are you
doing he's just like go away don't ya
know I know are you doing what are you
doing
alright I'm gonna show you guys how am i
midget arrays it works you can buy them
off EXO beauty and I've been meaning to
show you this for the longest time I use
it when I'm like feeling super super
super lazy so basically it's a cloth and
you wish it and it removes all of your
makeup so it's really good for when that
you are feeling there's stupid easy so
I'll show you it with brushes so
annoying
you don't have to rub hot either
I do have a little bit of glue in my
eyelashes because I was wearing false
eyelashes today but you get the idea
I'll wake up brush my teeth
good for you you get that you it removes
your makeup really really well like
foundation mascara I should are late
look at the difference and it's all on
Hannah and does entitle neither like it
probably takes the same amount of time
if not least you know makeup way I'm not
sure if they're in stock right now if
they are I'll link them down below
otherwise you can sign up for like email
notifications on traditional hey
everyone some revitalash i don't want it
in like a week alter sometimes I figure
I'm just gonna boost rising stuff I
decided last sick in to do one of these
masks the clinic poorer finding one this
one I wore last week I think it was the
week before last we can think I don't
know and hits people like oh what do you
think of it I actually really liked it
make my skin feel really soft afterwards
so yeah I mean actually a bumble bee
right now I'm sorry I forgot to in my
vlog last night
