good morning we're not going to the gym
this morning with me later this
afternoon because Hamish is doing dirty
this morning crepe with her outside it's
just started raining I'm just probably
know children might do some decluttering
filming or something but right now I am
actually going to be putting up my BH
Cosmetics launch video really excited
but stupidly nervous like I'm so nervous
to see what people are gonna say about
it this looks so rude but it's gone down
so much it's because I was bad and I
picked off the Dreskin off the top you
know when you used too much of that like
pimple drying-out stuff it just dries
out your skin yeah and then I picked it
but the actual pimples want us gone
which is good this one's almost Fletcher
he got up at about 7:20 hips now 815
been procrastinating and beard as you do
okay let's do this what's in there with
you your soccer ball
hmm this is not okay
huh I want this jacket so bad
because I saw Chloe Morello wearing out
in a picture and you know how much I
love denim jackets the only sizes I
slash I need a small medium I'd probably
go a medium so it was like oh is it
doesn't fit oversized I don't realize
fellow yes so I probably would go the
small so I stand up top I can't find a
size two anyway if any of you guys find
a size 10 of this jacket or so I smaller
that even a size medium I put out with
it being a bit bigger please seem like a
little bit anything up stuff this
morning but my video response has been
amazing so thank you guys so much I'm so
excited oh my gosh it's only like ten
days away or something like that while
I'm filming this vlog even closer few
guys while you're watching this I'm so
excited so now I'm going to do a decline
of all my matte lipstick so here's my
little before my camera sit up
yes Miranda's still a mess but that's
why I'm filming these videos I promise
this video nice so gotta do this first
and then I'm going it to do some more D
clutters oh my God look at this I'm
gonna do like a tabletop declutter
putting away my make up kind of video
show oh my freaking God Kali Bible
pulling through literally was just
lookin for a jacket just like this yeah
that's you know I'm buying it I just
finished my declutter and look how
little I got down to that's it from
these whole two drawers that's it
these were both fill to the rim with
like extras flying around everywhere
figured out it was about 350 lipsticks
so you know just a few so now I'm gonna
do finish off well I'm not actually
filming this for my main channel but I'm
just gonna go through all these
lipsticks and separate them a lot and to
ones they need to be bend because
there's like only there's only like five
or six they need to be Bend I should
have really organized out while I went
but I was just trying to get through the
filming pretty quickly because that
already took me like a couple hours to
film I need to separate the lens and is
real way and I'm going to separate some
of the real bright colors and put those
aside for my hairdresser because my
hairdressing salon inches heaps of
competitions they always need really
bright lipstick like weird glow stick
colors and stuff for the photo shoots so
I thought that any of their like
underwear
all shades can go to her photoshoots and
then all of the wearable ones that are
like almost brand new can go to look
good feel better which is most of them
and then a few of them that have been
used a little bit more I'm going to let
my friends look through so that's what
I'm going to do now and I'm going to
obviously put all of the original kits
back on the lipsticks and then yeah
that's all done only a little part of my
collection but hey at least it was
something done right and you guys have
been wanting to see this video for so
long so yeah it should be good just
doing a clean all this though these are
for friends and the hairdresser rubbish
and then donating so many lipsticks
while I'm here I'm just gonna declutter
all of these and some lipsticks I
have sitting on the ground I did a
sponsored video for buxom ages to go
with these lipsticks and really liked
them I just don't reach them because
again there's just so many colors and I
need to just kind of pick my favorite
one so they actually go for them because
you're not I mean when you've got so
many colors and so many lipsticks you
don't go searching through them often
you just kind of go for like the same
ones every time rather than actually
experimenting so those first ones the
matte ultra violet I'm going to donate
that one I'm just going to keep like my
favorite kind of colors I think because
yeah it got so many let's say so I
really like this color this one's a met
defiant bloom might kick that one this
one this is just a read I'm going to try
next I just kept so many Mick root
lipsticks I'm gonna go through all the
matte ones first this one here is called
a pink pink pink decoy it's like a hot
pink I'm gonna donate it I'm a duck
purple Oh donate what's this one I might
keep this one I remember loving this one
this is naturally daring she's a
beautiful light pink but it's kind of
muted so it's quite wearable okay and
vultures petal oh my gosh
I love that color it's like a date
terracotta rage I'm gonna keep it and
with God Ruby temptress which is the
duck Brown like a reddish brown I donate
that one I'm gonna donate all the like
super dark colors that don't wear often
it's like hoping I used to like that one
but I'm going to donate it I think
reading fair know which is like em you
should read but I'll donate it because I
kiss them like that from the neck ones I
love this one this it's called sinful at
cinnamon so nice do they still sell date
like I don't even know and then this
one's called wildfire it's like a really
hot orange e-rate I'm gonna keep that
one just cuz I'm a sucker for those
colors even though I had so many of them
but whatever then the race are older
like shape them more like creamy
finishes this one's a nice nude exposure
I'm gonna Kate and these I keep five I
think I'm gonna try and keep only five
of the creamy finish one so that I've
got five of age I'm also gonna keep
coral can
fishin poison nectar guilty angel and
then sultry morph I need to go to the
gym I put makeup for the gym today
because I felt so self-conscious for
some reason I don't know why so put on
BB cream and gimme brow in a little
mascara no late you can talk girl like
the smallest amount so it doesn't really
look like ice cream scars I couldn't
find my tinted bra primer by benefit so
I was just like I'll just put on like
the thinnest coat I don't know I felt
like really gross today one of those
days right just like I don't want people
to look at me don't look at me some
packages cuz imma done that in ages
there's a few packages here and I'm just
not mentally ready to do another PR
unboxing I wasn't looking at what I was
doing and I started pitching my hello my
Cushing's I thought it was theirs like
it doesn't feel very soft so this come
on and then I realize it was a pillow
you told me I have to hold the famous
pulls off the letter to my fault okay
we've got ow
is a staple be careful this is the
Innoko organic lip glaze and a lip serum
it sounds gonna be a big boy envelope
ooh
it's yellow sorry this Lighting's really
ugly don't eat it
hmm it's really smooth it's not sticky
it feels good
castor seed shea butter Kindle illa let
look him kinder little wax a hobo oil
orange essential oil which I can
definitely smell some plastic oil rose
hip oil hemp seed extract
I bought green did the hip
hemp seed like mom from the British help
us I hear you're a great dad I've
weighed some weight and he thought it
was hilarious I know it's not the same
thing don't worry I'm just taking the
piss anyway and then this is a lip gloss
which I probably it's not really my
color it's like a bronzer goodness shade
cappuccino what's in this ones I see
okay next up is something from bib yeah
flew it down our arms today so if I'm
sitting real weird with my arms that's
why I'm like it was such a like a
Christmas prison Christmas crazy
why there's nothing it doesn't smell
like any Benjamin well let me shut the
curtain maybe the lighting would be a
bit of easing so patiently okay is that
better
no not really okay so this is the ANU by
nature first like share glow beauty
collection so it goes for 69.95 but it's
actually valued at 136 75 and you get a
share glow BB cream a liquid mineral
concealer a defining mascara a touch of
blue highlight stick and champagne and
you get the paste as well of course
which is actually a really cute case I
like it it's like real sturdy good for
travel sort of get like super squashed I
don't know why they were sniffing there
so much so weird look at the low E but
I'm a looks like a bowling pin
whoo my glasses came I'm doing another
on glasses to Touro
with luck did you say you guys really
liked my last one at least that's what
the comments did so I'm gonna do a
rabbit or of a more dramatic look this
time I love these glasses they're really
good quality only I had heaps of these
peers like before I got my lazy
well I like these ones something from
the body shop here I love the body shop
lately not like any but didn't love the
body shop but you know we say
Shannon we know you love our Chinese
ginseng and rice clarified masks they
must have seen my unboxing I mean no
ma'am but see my declutter video because
I like riped about it so I thought you
might like to try to new editions
polishing powder it sounds kind of good
and milky toner all three of our Chinese
ginseng and rice products are 100% vegan
so you'll be happy about their look and
will leave your skin looking super
bright and feeling smooth I'm all about
this life watch my face mask
decluttering if you haven't yet I know
it's 15 minutes long sauce I only saw
like one hate coming I thought was
hilarious so like how disrespectful
respect your followers no one has time
to watch this this is clarifying
polishing powder wash is it kind of like
you know that Gemological like
exfoliating powder that you like maybe
it's like that and then it this is the
clarifying mokey Turner I'm terrible at
tarnis but I kind of want to try it
still because I love the Chinese ginseng
rice range maybe I'll do the mass
tonight so you can see what it looks
like it's quite gene tool but so
effective so yeah if I remember do that
I need to have a shower so milky toner
that removes traces of makeup and
cleanser oh okay no I might actually
like that then if it removes makeup even
just intern leave skin feeling smooth
over vitalized real being a
healthy-looking luminous glow fighting
thank you buddy shop yes finally finally
this is the Halloween shade so if I get
time I'll definitely do hey kiss me
video this one's round cap one day this
is holiday on it so I'm assuming it's
their Christmas collection do you like
it yeah Kawai I never know what it is
yeah and I'm like yes saint and sinner
I should have pellet oh and it comes
with the perfumes like the mini-site old
it's handy it's good for the first love
decide oh my gosh
I actually really like those colors
there's like a lime green this could
come in very handy for my what am i
doing like crystal series gemstone
series and
have to giant boxes from us Joey is seen
sure hi coverage cream foundation
available from the 17th of October I
don't know why but I thought there was
Katy at first so you want a first
impression feel free it let me know
there is au a whole lot of shades there
for me to choose from the deepest shades
are not super dark let's say they go to
like a medium skin tone however the
light color is very light I don't know
if you can see on camera like how pale
it goes and it's not gonna focus super
super light so there's the lightest
color and I think this is the deepest
and then there's like a million
different shades in the kind of light
medium range I would say so yeah if you
want a first impression just let me know
and also it comes with a little brush in
here and a cream eyeliner
okay this box is a lot lighter just get
myself a cardboard cut the a looks long
way lip cream at share and sheer pigment
lip glosses push box so here is some of
the shade so these are just their lip
cream so yeah I need to go through and
declutter all my lip cream so got so
many flash epidural lip swatches or
something and this really hurts and
these are lip liners so they come in 40
met in metallic shades which is kind of
cool and they use it car and 14 shape
this 16 dollars that says these are the
lab samples so they're a little bit more
fragile than normal such keep that in
mind
oh my gosh the packaging looks to die
for so beautiful so I will for sure be
trying these out in a first impression
video there's a few kind of nerds and
Pink's and stuff there's a couple deeper
shades and then some like really fun
kind of like formal metallic inspired
shades so we have a nail plush this is a
she is stunning shade it's like a muted
kind of purplish grayish pinkish color
like what would you call that come on
and we're so slow to focus here we go
it's called Morvan on up yeah I guess
it's like a pale morph
so pretty and then we've got false and
flayed mascara we have a brush on lash
fiber mascara not usually a fan of those
not gonna lie
a invisible lip liner
and then that we have oh I'm excited to
try this one though this is silky fiber
for your brows like thing is kind of
like gimme brow this is in light medium
and then we have the absolute precision
eyeliner pin and then the final thing is
a foundation is this the same one I
would seen last time I'm excited to try
it I think it all certainly I've got no
fake tan on I've got another one of my
drawers that I've been dying to try as
well
so we'll have to give it a go it's vegan
that's what I'm planning on doing soon -
maybe after Halloween's like season's
over I'm hoping to get at least like two
or three Halloween tutorials up I've got
one ready so if I can do another like
one or two I'll be happy but yeah I
really want to do a full face vegan
makeup tutorial because I just think it
would be fun to see like what products
are vegan I'm gonna like search on Safra
vegan because like I was quite surprised
I saw something the other day when I was
doing my ingredient I mean my
ingredients list my products list for my
description box on one of my tutorials
and I like you know I was just finding
the links and everything for you guys
and one of them it like seed begin on it
I was like that's big I didn't even like
I had no clue like there's so many good
big a makeup with extra Beauty a lot of
the makeups actually vegan as well it
says on each product page so yeah that's
all the mail I've got for Nathan there's
actually a few more packages in my spare
room but I'm just gonna leave it here
for now because that was fun and I need
to get rid of all this recycling
