good morning so it is 9:30 so today I am
hanging out with my mum and we're going
to go do some errands and stuff so I'm
not quite sure how much of that I will
vlog but old log other bits and pieces
and also I've got so many packages
waiting for me so when I get a chance
I'll do that I think my mum's coming
soon I'm about to make myself a smoothie
for breakfast I know you guys have been
missing my smoothie additions to my
vlogs and I've been craving one for the
last few days because I haven't had one
in a while obviously I was gonna go to
the gym today cuz I haven't been since
Tuesday but to be honest I was so tired
that I just wanted to sleep so I'll see
how I feel laid out the Y's back into it
tomorrow I'm just so happy to be home a
little puppies are being little
mischiefs as per normal look how cute
you are
oh and by the way I'm wearing a Veronica
B Niklas I think I might put on a little
bit of makeup if I get time we'll see I
don't want to wear too much because I've
been wearing so much makeup
the last few days I just want to like
kind of give my skin erase so maybe just
some brows and the scar and stuff and
then I'm wearing this cardigan I think I
got this from cotton on this top here is
from boohoo I think this bralet is like
a lace one from cotton on as well then
these jeans I think I from misguided I'm
doing half a banana cuz this was like a
gigantic banana it would not have fit
yeah spinach glad to do a decent kind of
painful
so some mango and raspberries I'm gonna
do a little bit of a good green stuff
what did this is b12 Annette how do I
find out oh yeah it's got b12 in it and
all the other B vitamins as well should
try and have that morphed in I just hate
it so much and this is the protein I
like I've showed you a few times but
people are still asking
it's called skinny protein and I like
this one because it's super super super
low in sugar so I just do like a scoop
it's getting full oops
whew chia seeds and then I just fill it
up with unsweetened almond milk
I hate sweet and almond milk tastes like
but sir
curcumin sweden's bit of you anyway so I
just fill this up until it's at the top
lawyer ripped this up last night so
that's why those are up there you just
have to blend it's good good green stuff
always makes it taste worse but it's not
bad it still tastes nice what are you
doing oh man ilex going in my eye that's
not ideal I decided not to use any
coverage today so so far I've got as a
lunar cream color base it's the white
cream color base by Mac on my cheekbones
above my lip and on the middle of my
nose I haven't done any bronzer powder
foundation or anything I did a little
bit of concealer just under my eyes and
around the sides of my nose so I think
I'm just gonna do like lashes and brows
and just leave it really simple today
cuz yeah I've just once so much makeup
lately I kinda wanna cover my skin a
break this is one of my biggest pet
peeves I'm recruiting the black mascara
I wish I just went with like brown
something's I feel like it looks so
harsh on my face skin I just did one
coat of building six mascara I've got
green smoothie everywhere on my brows I
used the new
brow time' by urban decay it's pretty
good i used the taupe color but it's a
good match I can't really tell someone
in some light it looks kind of your gray
and then on camera it looks really good
so I'm not too sure and then I might
just do some lip plumper on my lips this
is the true face
lip color bomb injection and candy burst
I don't know what this looks like oh
it's very pink what I'll do is I'll
leave that on until it plumps my lips
and then I think oh just like blot it
off these things are intense like if lip
plumpers hurt you a little bit don't go
new these ones these ones like the
strongest ones I've ever felt in my life
I can do it like I can get through it
because I've got a very high pain
tolerance and I don't know I think the
results are worth it that if you're yeah
if your lips get too irritated by lip
print promise
look problems look pompous mean daren't
do this pretty color though we've got
some scissors
and one two three four latex I think
seven packages this is a really boy LOI
how did ya game is Louie stop licking my
ears so this is a really cool package as
I was saying its trilogy and it says oh
it says no more makeup smudges on crisp
white towel so they've sent me some
towels and then the product here's so
nosey what do we have in here
so this looks like a collection of hair
ties and accessories and stuff brushes a
couple of different brushes by the brand
Mita mighta a little barrel brush lips
my mum will like these another one and
another little like these kinds of clips
what are you doing he's like I want it
and some more hair brushes look how cool
these ones are cool colors I like that
one so these are from the Cameo
collection
why are they so interested why they're
super cheap to their any six or seven
dollars and their combs are like three
dollars so I'm not sure we get these
either you go exclusive at the warehouse
this massive box here is from boomer
right so in here we look like we have a
couple pairs of shoes maybe in this big
gym bag oh it's full of stuff
cool gym bag um okay let's go through
this first yeah
this is what was inside the gym bag
those pair of shoes tucked in there as
well
ooh haven't got a repair I don't usually
have like real clothing they're really
cool we got a sports bra I love this I
love the color and then it just looks
like a bunch of clothing that looks like
a hoodie this looks like maybe a pair of
pants this year I think is a t-shirt
some kinds this looks like maybe another
pair of leggings thank you guys so much
weight I should probably show you what's
in the other two houses - oh look they
left me an art Oh
Brianna I didn't even know she had a
campaign with Puma in this payment
package we've given you some of
Rihanna's new products from her first
Ranger through me this link was the
pear-shaped bra tights and jacket along
with the costume runner which is
comfortable as a training shoe and also
it's great as a lifestyle shoe we've
also given you two more pairs of life
style shoes one is the trainer Mick by
my favorite color way and the other is
Alexander McQueen pyramid collection
blablabla we hope you enjoy from this
unit cream in New Zealand oh cool so
these are like a little bit more casual
orange and spotty physical to have
anything like this at all so yeah thank
you guys so much
alright so in here Elizabeth Arden
always reads I was it a fragrance spread
it drops off lay cream souffle and a
fragrance Oda toilet or however you
pronounce that I don't know his
information comes out September 14th
always reads takes you very kind of
smells like Valentino pink tissue really
nice about some more PR packages what's
in here oh my gosh how funny they sent
me never Qatar okay that is very unripe
and some apple and some black chia see
it starts all right so I think this is a
supermarket brand grabbed and goodness
try me kits available in selected
farmers new world and countdown stores
nationwide I haven't actually tried this
range yet but I have been sent a bunch
but I just haven't had the chance to try
it I love the packaging though like the
packaging looks really really nice and
then in the other PR kits we have hi
Shannon just put rhino on it though this
is what was inside the tube 13 active
natural ingredients powerful natural
skin healing here some ways you can use
it here treatments healing itchy bites
for wretches dry skin chapped skin
Louie what are you doing and then I got
some stuff from misguided just some
sports bras a couple tops see this stuff
I ordered like a week ago and it's
arrived ready so I don't know what was
that last time what do you think Louis
how luckily we are so fortunate we are
those shoes away cool I'm so excited to
wear this new workout gear - I wiped off
the color from the lip plumper and now
my lips just look really healthy and
flushed because obviously it brings all
the blood to the surface so my natural
lip color looks nice and deep and pretty
and my lips look full so that's my
makeup of the day this one's not out now
so you can't see my pretty highlighter
the M mom is on her way here right now
and we are going to go run some errands
I don't know I'm gonna vlog or not but
I'll vlog later as well of course I was
hoping to have a lazy Sunday but no all
I wanted to do was like lie in bed and
watch movies all day honestly it's been
such a fun few days but so worth it
really really fun I enjoyed it poor
giraffe look at him he's not looking too
healthy someone here come on my dollars
nicely look they know the drill
sitting out side pole I rock
it's all a trick nicely good boy okay
they love those ones - I like em right
sweet potato and chicken
Nik be my brain hmm come be my friend
mmm yummy these divas you're so cute
yeah take it my hand in my hand
hi funny they don't want to me my
friends following me thank you
probably things you're gonna feed him
did you miss me so it is now for a time
very flush because it's friggin hot in
here they turn down the heat pump but I
just finished editing yesterday's vlog
and I think Amy's coming over she's got
some stuff to drop off to me so she's
coming over here Mitch went to the gem
and I was gonna go but then I remembered
that amy was coming over so I'll just go
tomorrow
so Hamish and I are going out for dinner
now because I'm back home and it's
England day so we're just going to the
gallery okay well we're not going there
now we've gotta find somewhere else to
go what else is there have you told them
where we're going next weekend we're
going to Sydney next weekend heading off
to Sydney and we're doing this thing
called hash tag not a turret yeah like
you go there and you don't do touristy
Thanks yeah so we don't really know what
we're gonna do yeah we're getting like
info from late locals like my manager
used to live in Sydney so we've asked
him for some stuff we can go do so if
you guys live in Sydney like we're some
cool like low-key places to go look they
don't like jazz I'll okay yeah but I'm
like full of tourists basically well the
lighting is really nice right now it's
6:00 p.m. exactly on the dock we were
just talking about how it's really nice
that it's not getting dark at like 5:00
p.m. for a while there it was being
talked at like 450 so it's nice that
it's like 6:00 p.m. so yeah we just
trying to find someone's attendant now I
feel like everything good is shot on a
Sunday apart from like fast food like
all the good restaurants are shot on a
Sunday
and on Tuesday I think it is I'm going
up to Auckland again with Sully for an
event so I've liked that too
so we've done to drive by in the only
place that's open is Portofino which is
pasta so I'm gonna Kate with their
vanilla I was kind of trying not to get
pasta cause it makes me feel sick that's
so good
why not so Portofino is right there next
to Everdene payments used to work there
ages ago
hey years and years ago he worked there
as a waiter yeah I've been there before
is it so we're going to Portofino and
it's really really young and I know I'm
gonna feel sick tonight but Yolo I'm
doing it this for my starter and I might
get I've changed my mind I'm gonna get
the Ken Loney ricotta and spinach
what are these scholars and I got
caprese salad image god speed any carbon
I look so good and I got the cannelloni
ricotta and spinach or something so
we're watching trailer park boys at the
moment and then I am going to get really
food and go to Philly I hope guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk to
say
