good morning it's Saturday and it is my
last day in Oakland last our Fashion
Week I'll show you my makeup real
quickly I'm just running downstairs to
check out sorry I just did a really
basic makeup look just a shimmery kind
of like tan color all over and then
blush nude and then I've got the gold
digger my XO Beauty lashes on they were
being a pain in the ass today well I was
being a pain in the ass
I just couldn't not like work my fingers
see I'm just meeting Amanda downstairs
gonna check out and then we're gonna go
get some breakfast and hit into Fashion
Week make hair looks really cool bullets
everywhere Jana
so we were running late so we couldn't
get brakes so we're just hitting to our
first show now yeah I'm sorry we're
gonna have to go get food on to it okay
we managed to find some spare time so we
rushed in pretty quick pretty much just
place is called rush work and it's just
down in the NAG quarter I got fruit
toast and I'm so excited this is what
heaven looks like
this box show a little bit of drama
getting in here but we're good yeah
we're good now
happy bye everybody Chris has found
himself a bag he like
it's year it's me right and like black
and white go to give us so well so this
is like the GERD so with all the
designers from the show soul stir like
kind of cheaper so cheap under $80 yeah
that's for me so good just so good
it's like a runway show this time the
smash pokes fun with difference when we
photo is going to be able to like a
clock
this weasel those nails are Yas oh my
gosh nailing be Nail Envy Shannon and I
is oblique we're in the clear shutter
we're right and it's the world I like
photography site the footer
Photography all over there
that was probably like one of my
favorites is my left over being it was
really good
everything was like amazing and now I
just want to like completely repurchase
my entire wardrobe
the clothes were amazing when now Andrea
moi
yes a lot of shows today about like
serene laughter this we've gotta go to a
charity thing we were going to define
some juice we got a rush to the airport
so they were gonna show off to that and
you're leaving each other
so fast
I think
I'm too scared to do anything I ruin it
I didn't really go too hot out on my
shoes I feel like I should have put
something on the outside but we're just
outside waiting for a ride now we've
lived a couple of hours early just
because I'm starting to get a really
really swollen like glandular area I
think I've just like exhausted one out
tired
got a kid a not feeling a hundred
percent and not feeling focused and I'm
also incredibly hungry with those Tom's
I ended up doing a tweet and saying like
uh someone come pick the month so
hopefully someone grabs it so yeah we're
just waiting for our ride gonna go get
you some food and then basically
sometime after that I'll be heading to
the airport so for lunch today we've had
falafel on rice and hummus and BJ's and
stuff we're at like a Turkish restaurant
and then this is much needed in mind
I've kind of like dissected my what's
offensive dissected demolished yeah we
demolished
hey guys I'm in the car I'm back and
pommy I just landed and it is 10 past
8:00 and I'm just grabbing some dinner
which this is so bad but I'm having
butter sauce and breath and garlic naan
bread like crazy Indian food and I'm
just so tired make land on the side of
my neck is just like it always happens I
get really swollen glands when I'm
exhausted and tired and stressed and
stuff I have not had that much sleep
over the last few days it sounds really
lame like unless you've been to NZ
Fashion Week and like done the whole
experience you probably will think the
same thing that I thought like uh how
can you get tired doing it but honestly
I had like almost no downtime like the
only downtime I had was spent editing my
videos and then the other only downtime
we had was last night Friday night we
made a man to like hang out but it was
still pretty full-on like because we
wanted to make the most of our time
together because I don't get to see her
very often so we had lots of fun but
anyway I thought I'd fill you in on what
happened before the smash box show how
me and Chris were like oh my god so much
drama so basically I have never been
more embarrassed in my entire life so
basically like Amanda's like friends
with the event coordinator like of the
whole Layton's dude Fashion Week like
you know the big boss man that runs it
all and we were like okay so what show
should we go to today like what's good
he's ah bah bah bah bah bah like okay do
we need any new passes he's I know
you've got your VIP passes from
throughout the week like those will be
sweet enjoy your day have fun like enjoy
it well we're like cool yeah so we hope
in his line and this lady was just like
really she at first she was like why he
came through the store cuz we went
through the wrong drawer or something by
accident like yes our bed sorry it was
like the other door that was open the
rest of the way but for the weekend that
shut it off to the public so she was
angry that we came through there so like
oh sorry and she's like do you have
passes like yeah yeah yeah she's like
those aren't the right pass it isn't we
were like an animators like sorry like
she's VIP she's being VIP all week so do
you mind sly if we can just get in blah
blah blah she was like no you're not VIP
and then a man just like yes she is and
then like he was like no she's not get
out of the line and they were like what
and like everyone was watching me like
everyone in the line was watching
he's like get out of line get out and I
was like holy crap like what's happening
she was like get the right path so like
leave which is fair enough but I was
like oh my gosh like you know the guy
that runs the entire event has told us
that this is fine and he wants us to go
to this event and now like this lady's
like no you don't have passes so anyway
Amanda rang out the big boss man and
he's like no you can definitely get in
and I was seen someone to let her know
so he sent someone to let her know from
that works at indeed Fashion Week and
this lady's just like no no they're not
getting in she was like until they have
like the proper paperwork and the proper
passes I'm not leaving them in these
doors and they're like all of these
people like no you don't understand like
blah blah blah has said that they need
to be in the show like they have to be
here they needed to go in this building
and she was just like no you're not
getting in and eventually we did sorted
out and she was just like really angry
like I literally like was tearing and
swelling up like walking through the
door because I was so mortified and
embarrassed like it was just this like
huge scene and main Amanda were
literally just so confused because like
we'd being told that it would be okay it
totally wasn't his fault at all it was
just like this lady was just doing her
job but she was just being very firm
about it even when people would like
know like it is okay it was mortifying
like I yeah it was pretty crap but the
show was good and then the rest of the
day was good until I started feeling it
just sucks when stuff like that happens
like it wouldn't have been so bad if
like all these people weren't just
watching me there's just so many people
like steering if you don't get the gist
even fashion we basically gave me like
VIP passes and everything to attend the
shows so I was like media but I didn't
have to do anything like it was
literally just like hey we'd love for
you to come and look at the collections
and if you enjoy it feel free to vlog
feel free to do what it'd be like feel
like doing so that's why I've been
blogging I thought it'd be so fun to
show you guys like behind the scenes and
all of that kind of stuff so yeah it's
just like oh my god like when that
happened I was just like okay that's
cool and then that was trying to say
like okay she can go in but Amanda can't
go in like I can go in but Amanda can't
go in I was like well I don't want to go
then like I don't want to just go by
myself like she's a big drama so yeah
now getting some comfort food he comes
Hamish
oh did you miss me sir did you miss me
did you miss Louise and come to say
hello he is hello oh look your giraffe
still around and a bug did you miss me
huh I think he's angry at me because I
ditched him for a few days I love you
Jews do love me and hair is just
watching Trailer Park Boys now I'm gonna
go have an early night hope you guys
enjoyed the stairs I won't talk to you -
I
