good morning guys so it is Friday
morning and I'm off to do my video with
a radio personality I'll show you a
discern and making it a I used some of
that joy Co stuff I go to my goodie bag
it's got this shake up here shake liquid
to powder finishing texturizer actually
like it it's like just give me a little
bit of a like undone look to my straight
here in a little bit more volume I'll
show you my optimistic in so my plans
are doing that video today and then more
efficient way to stuff this afternoon
and in between I'll do some editing for
use today's vlog by the way I just want
to address something because I've gotten
a bunch of comments like recently over
the last day or two since I told you
guys about how I'm gonna be 12 I'm not
gonna try and eat more meat some people
were telling me that you will meet some
people like don't eat more meat whatever
your opinions are I don't know like
that's your opinion but I don't want to
eat more meat I've seen it in the past
blocks I'm trying to cut down to me a
little bit so I'm just counting on these
injections hopefully if they work well
for me I think I'm gonna be getting my
first injection maybe next week we're
trying to organize it at the moment
so we're just walking there now I
haven't told them photos yet it's such a
nice day and it's like warm with like a
breeze thanks how was your sleep I think
really good I actually had a nightmare
that then I was going to be the one in
this video
this video is definitely going to be a
good one I'm pretty excited but I'm also
nervous plus I think they'll be like
people watching right there it'll be
like differences usually it's just like
me and the person tell us what you're
doing today hi Bob is um my name is
Vaughn and is your last name EXO yes
Tiffany yeah uh my name is Will Smith
and I am doing my name is Will Smith and
today vloggers and people in the
Internet
I am going to be putting makeup on SH an
excerpt who's sitting right here without
any makeup lines yeah and she's been
very brave because I am gonna try my
best I don't know what order things
happen we've got so much product here
we've got the covergirl and it's max
factor X that's what what is it I'm X
vector that is a tough blush I think
that guys I'm lost I feel that guys I've
lost this I think guys on first you know
I think this goes on so I should like
line it up in order of use but I haven't
even opened this so this is going to be
interesting well I need no extreme
deadly pink on the inside
that road or they just me on how I
haven't seen it to me what they will but
I didn't expect it to look like that on
the inside really James I'm ready man
with you Sam let's see what we got we've
got the whole shebang and today's client
okay hi everybody
and it's me born to sing to you probably
hit happy I'm here with Shannon so who
is a beauty blogger and I'm gonna be
doing her makeup today do you think
makeup cuz I think you look wonderful
ah I always think that with any woman
you see they look wonderful within the
makeup that's a different sort of
wonderful but I think you look wonderful
you look radiant thank you I think I
remember what this is for I should have
put that stuff on first this is
contouring it's not okay that was a good
put that's what I miss that doing is
claiming I know things they were gonna
shake the ears I'm going to live from
that done I'm done with you get out of
here next we move on to Rimmel from
London
so flan is during Shannon's eyebrows and
he's actually doing a pretty good job so
far
okay breakdown I just wait that's right
do you think that eyelashes should match
I run up make sure I go darker on the
eyebrow you would you run the scarf
through an eyebrow so I'm really happy
with how this is going it's um Madonna
1992 Madonna concert ending yeah that's
not a proud moment okay so we finished
the filled filming with a board made us
with me still and we're just walking to
get some lunch now I haven't had
breakfast I'm just like snagged on some
chocolate in the hotel rooms I'm really
really hungry so we're going to the food
track I've never been before and I'm so
excited I've heard like amazing things
about it and yeah I'm happy and I also
did my makeup which I'll show you when
it gets cloudy because it's really sunny
right now so for my makeup today I did
like purple and shimmery and pink lips
and lots of highlight so that's my look
of the day and then I'm just wearing
like the same thing as earlier but I've
got flats on because we're doing lots of
walking until later and then when we go
to the fashion shows I'll put my fancy
shoes back on
I'll try with another student I'm gonna
get this with the madman and we'll also
get some proper leadership his then that
mints burrito bowls it looks so good we
got the same thing that was amazing
so we just backstage at the moment and
man just going to look at the rpi stuff
so this is some of backstage where the
models chill out and like get their
tents done over there and then over to
the left Morris Smashbox and OPI and
everything doing makeup and nails and
then there's like hair and I think
there's Mac and stuff as well so I'll
show you soon
now we're doing photos with Santa PEZ
Instagram the male models in the
beautiful lady model in the middle I now
write such a hot job
so we're both back at the hotel now
Amanda's over here and we just relaxing
a little bit so we were just backstage
as you would have seen where all the
models get ready you know to go out on
the catwalk so we're to hang out there
for a bit and take some photos and stuff
will Amanda do for some different brands
so we've done there and now there is a
party on tonight but we don't know if
we're gonna go to that one but we're
trying to figure out what to do for
dinner and what we're gonna do so yeah
that's our current progress on life and
yeah we're just lying on the beard on
Twitter so we've decided we're in a
texting M we're going to put some be
central I've never been there before
apparently they've got like bars and
restaurants and stuff so we're gonna go
grab a drink first and then decide what
we feel it eating later I think it's
like about six o'clock at the moment or
almost so simple I don't know how it is
this club of pointless information for
that I think
yeah we can
so I've decided to stop into this place
here or Booker just some vegetarian and
vegan so here's our peanut looks so good
okay so manda manda just without for
today and a drink as you saw and then we
went out for another drink and now we're
back at the hotel we bought the cheapest
vodka we could fire a bullet cheap vodka
and some dry lemonade whatever that
means
oh yeah I'm also soon we're gonna try
these okay I've already tried them
before in the hood so good so I'm gonna
make Amanda try them because she loves
my mind and she loves toast my mind she
was bagels so she's gonna try these I'm
gonna film her reaction cuz they're like
so good but now I feel like I've hype
them up way too much and you'll probably
be like yeah they're really good chin
thank you Cheers
kind of wake I could have gone stronger
it's good though dry lemonade is nice
whatever that means sorry I'm making
Amanda try the Marmite bagel crisps the
first time I know right I know it's such
a good smell yes these came in every day
from Jimmy Bouchard I don't one of the
goodie bags
I'm so excited okay
oh my god yes so good Ryan
yes it's like it tastes like mom I don't
Oh literally my my entice better-suited
crispy it's like a spanning like I'm
thinking oh my my don't ice without the
yes I'm into this I don't know I can't
find a mint con job it apparently there
it pick and save maybe this is the last
bag I'm kind of tipsy now so we got gold
well I love this brand this is the brand
I use jewel senses blogs and highlight
shampoo oh it's a purple shampoo stoked
and treatment and we got a car Blue Duck
I got vodka
you got Janet I got what goes we got
some straight sleep perfection spray
thermal spray some this is actually good
stuff what's in here can you open thank
you sorry
I feel looking I know what this is but
if you're looking at way guess that it
was like a little manicure yeah it looks
like a manicure set kind of do we were
wrong that's a portable charger which I
bit one even way with my phone actually
tough and it looks like it's for a
Samsung okay I'm gonna say goodnight now
Amanda just left and I've got to wake up
kind of early tomorrow morning for the
last day of mission week I'm very
excited today it was a really really fun
day we didn't actually do any proper
shows it was just like behind the scenes
stuff so I hope you guys enjoy today's
vlog I hope you have an amazing day I am
very tipsy right now and it's okay have
a great day and I'll talk to you soon
bye
