hey guys so it is what day is it
Thursday Thursday morning just washed my
hair and I'm wearing that Ruby play suit
that I showed you yesterday because the
Ruby show is on tonight I'm extremely
tired and I didn't wake up until past 8
o'clock so I don't know what's up with
that and now I'm just gonna put on my
makeup and then Amanda will be over soon
and I guess we'll just decide what we're
gonna do today from there I'm really
really hot I just put on my aircon like
really cold like steaming hot I don't
know what kind of makeup look to do
today with this wonder if I should go
like quite out there and you're like
brown lips or something I might try it
we'll see how we go okay so I did my
makeup and I went kind of like really
smoky slightly grungy I felt like it
suited the vibe of this place it and I
used the Anastasio Beverly Hills shadow
Couture palette I like how loose and
I've got it so beauty the soulmate
lashes on I trim that one too short but
oh well sorry about the loud music on my
cheeks is that blush I got used today
that next one I can remember let's call
off the top of my head my lips are stuck
naked Urban Decay lipliner node by melt
cosmetics and a little bit of pure sin
by Mac now is the Kat Von D contour kit
and some bare minerals prasada and nos
shake like foundation so Amanda's coming
over soon and we're gonna go get some
breakfast I'm so excited because I am
hungry
I just have to show you okay so I
decided just to blow dry my hair and I
just straight into the very top layer a
little bit just to like smooth it out a
little bit that's why I show you like
how long my hair is getting that I I
don't even know I can't face that ugly I
am that like so starved
granted I have like the shortest torso
in the world so it looks a lot longer
than it should I want to get it down to
like their goals yeah that's my hair for
the day and makeup I'll show you my I
know let me finish my outfit this and
they don't show you my outfit alright
this is terrible lighting but my Placer
is that Ruby one and then this is from
surprise it's just like a vest kind of
thing my shoes are Michael S&Z Hales and
then I'm wearing that same necklace as
the other day and then for my bag I'm
just going to take my Prada I think the
color kind of suits the green so yeah
that's my outfit of the day
so we just at this ugly bagels and I got
the color one because I'm craving it
McCotter so there hopefully it's good it
looks really cool in there and the guy
was making baseless I wanted to film it
but I don't want to be awkward pants out
breakfast Amanda say that this place is
like really good
I'm so excited
so just go fix the hotel again would you
save me a little pit stop we're gonna
order some room service eat some lunch
and I'm gonna edit my vlog and I got
another goodie bag so I'll show you
what's inside we got more chocolate man
I'm in danger like giving him a couple
blocks
oh wait giving him a couple giving a car
driver a couple of blocks because we've
got so much like this store more over
there also this cute little plate with
the chili on it some water some tweezers
are in there we got some more dried
cranberries this bag which I think was
one of the designers so yeah we've got
another show I think 3 p.m. so I'll
bring you along in a bit at the moment
we're just chilling so I'm midway
through editing and our room service
arrived how cute is this fancy little
table come that's my pastas this is
yours oh that looks really good too I'm
so excited for this about ready mm-hmm
drop it about ravioli mmm it's so good
where'd our needs to show and Amanda is
sitting across from me
Oh
I like that shot do like that you wear
half naked
we're gonna play a game of guess which
champagne glass is that shineth it's
really hard
I am dying over this fear oh my gosh
look at a perfect that view is so we
just back at the hotel again for another
break because uh Nick shows a little bit
later on but another goodie bag right
here so let's see what's inside
well a whole lot of pamphlets and
magazines a card of some kind some more
fabric softener and small booties some
peer and passionfruit sparkling water
which I will definitely drink no sugar
added dark chocolate I think these are
peds in here and then some ginger beer
which gross
do you like ginger with good you go I
hate ginger beer nail in vo OPI more FBI
more hand sanitizer and some gum acne
wash by Neutrogena some more craisins
some more face wipe some what is that
sea salt texturizing spray by Tony young
guy some body shop body lotion and some
hair ties so we're just waiting for our
little driver to arrive and take us one
is next and next to show have a talk
look at this cool table
I won that in my house look at him
oh cool show we had over here at Howard
Haywood okay so fairly it's more like
punky is that right
I'm kind of excited I mean accident was
going to be me and Ruby I'm looking
closer as well they'll be good shows
but not
we are now waiting was the beat biggest
star it was supposed to start like 15
minutes ago baby everything's running
late again I think we'd see a treatment
in efficient ibly legs
hey guys so we just got back and my
battery is flushing at me I did get
another goodie bag but I'll show you
tomorrow because I feel very very very
sick right now so I'm gonna go basically
wash off my makeup and go to bed I hope
guys enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk
to you soon thank you
