this piece of hair is annoying hey
everyone it is like the 7:15 a.m. I
think right now you haven't gone to the
gym today obviously I woke up at 6 a.m.
did my makeup which I feel like it looks
really muddy and gross so I'm a bit P
ode I'm wearing at the Charlotte Tilbury
fat lash mascara or something like that
Cameron birth it's called that something
similar that is really nice except it
smudges everywhere really easily but
once you've like got it on and cleaned
it up it's like really pretty ah
see I'm very excited about NZ Fashion
Week but I'm also very nervous because
I've never been before
and I don't know what to expect I don't
know what to wear I'm not that
professional like I just have my own
style and you know go with it I don't
really follow proper proper like hard
out high in fish and all like whatever
it's called I'm excited to see my friend
Amanda I met her through I'm doing
videos and we ended up doing the Clio
Rimmel London a model search and that's
how I got to know her a lot better we
hung out quite a bit
and so I have asked her if she can come
with me to all the shows and everything
and I'm really excited to hang out with
her it'll be so fun and yeah I don't
really know what else to be doing my
bags behind me and my suitcase is very
easy like I'm pretty sure it's like a
good like 23 kilos already so I might
just take out a couple of things that I
don't think I'm gonna need
I'm here with Amanda I already like
talked about you before we're going into
the VIP lounge apparently Laurent wrote
I am so fancy professional Instagrammer
at her and her what is that
look at that flatly Queen so we're at
the first show all I met my first show
anyway will eight-man credibly strange
for me I've no idea what I'm doing with
my life right now
we're in a photobooth sugar color where
anyone at a time okay yeah that one's RI
ish is the second seat thank you this or
bad we weren't prepared it was just a
disaster but that's okay man not good at
they in dude we're the winning short now
so this should be fun I can choose a
trace for myself look at all the
photographers getting rid of
they're waiting front-row again so fancy
cutest cupcakes ever save the date
you know I'm feeling
in the head
yeah hope you enjoy your stay with us
mr. Harris thank you just come back to
the hotel for a little bit so I will
show you around this is it it's guys
city hotel so you just hit the little
bathroom here and the shower and
everything and then through his nice big
pages and here's my beautiful view we've
got a roof and then a cute little couch
area this is another indeed fashion wait
go to buy goody bag goody box whatever
you want to call it and then also Ruby
seems me something here Shannon hope you
love wearing a new Ruby serpent play
suit we know you'll look amazing in it
it's actually pretty I like it oh look
we've got chocolate like a lot look at
that fragrance
temptations we've got some magazines
just media guide we've got some next
stuff yay some SPF 50 sunscreen spray
you tampons I'm guessing some body wash
no hand sanitizer I thought there was a
body wash brain
we've got craisins oh my god that's
clever
do you get it yes we've got some sisters
what else is a yo-yo is that a yo-yo oh
my gosh that's so random oh my god
there's exactly what I needed a
hairbrush you almost need that lolly
lolly sure hand cream
we've got a no sugar dark chocolate some
facial oil okay there's just like
everything you can imagine almost apart
from like a donkey so inside the little
Mack box because I know you'll be
curious we've got a whole Denali lash
mascara this is really awkward oh my
gosh we've got a feeling oh definitely
black eyeliner this nail polish which is
called this is called before dawn and
then a blush and it's and I'm a lover I
don't have this one I ended up getting
changed quickly because I was really
uncomfortable with that high neckline so
now we're gonna go find some food it is
531 and each show is at 7 so we got a
while to chill and relax and we haven't
really eaten a problem meal so I would
snapped on things sorry
we're both pretty exhausted and hungry
and yes stolen girlfriends clubs letters
her which I think I think I'm most
excited for that show so it should be
good I think I will get this toasted a
Reuben
it was like eight or something rather it
looks really nice there and then I just
got pickles and their sandwich I think
it's pastrami this is big cancel our
show has been delayed by like 40 minutes
and extol and girlfriends it's after
that and I think stolen girlfriends was
MIT start at 9:00 or 9:30 so that it's
getting pushback as well I am hugely in
bed by now so this is interesting from
such an Anna
so we're highway stole my girlfriend's
Club and the traffic is just it's me
this is a 10-minute morning I know the
words warning in a seminal harsh but
that's distantly you know that the show
will begin in ten minutes I'm not trying
to warn you against anything there's no
tsunami or any
all right people let's see what's in
there so we've got her rose I make my
hotel room look really pretty for a
while
oh those ones are nice so he's like very
Elmo ask my mind oh my gosh oh yeah
those ones a nice some socks
I think mind if it didn't yes Haymitch
got lucky
whenever I see this toothpaste I think
of Lauren and Chloe now we've got some
soap ugh it is a soap no it's a candle
oh it smells really good too weeding it
tea for marriage all right I'm gonna
give some of that time it's just kidding
fortune cookies I've never had one of
these before
yeah I feel so special
yourself and you will always be amused
that's cute I can do that beds up and a
pill for some assistants may catch you
off guard
I got some gym illogic skin perfect
primates p30 that's actually really good
because not many primers seem to have
SPF and then so I'm so excited for that
we got a magazine we got a Bobby Brown
eyeliner I think that is I haven't tried
their eyeliner this far and it's like
teasing like volumizing spray stuff from
joy car we've also got some body wash
these are so handy for when you travel
to salt okay I haven't open that yeah oh
my god I'm so excited for salt oh I've
got lost - oh girl fortune cookie in my
mouth this is probably the thing I'm
most excited about will be anything
because they are incredible if you've
ever tried these you know it's so good
did you not get your bird oh you are
ripped off 70 I might actually hit some
tea this week why not we got
um oh it's a mirror although there was
more tampons taramosalata
morty oh look we've got a garden mix
like it's amazing don't get me wrong but
the selection is so strange oh my god
yes
this is like my favorite thing ever the
strawberry white chocolate log have you
tried these oh yeah yeah why did you get
so ripped off and what's this oh it's a
pen there's more some nail polishes it's
not focusing okay this heaps of fun
stuff in here hey guys anything I just
want to let you know I did get my blood
test results back so I am very low in
vitamin b12 I think it is so my nurse is
figuring out how often I need to get
injections done so I've gotta get b12
injections so that's a lot to do with
like my extreme tiredness dizziness
focus and a bunch of other problems I've
been having so hopefully these
injections will help out a little wee
bit not sure why I'm low in it also
we've got a check for thyroid problems
as well so that's another blood test
it's okay I just want to get my house
sorted out like I am so tired right now
it's 10 o'clock and I'm so tired and I
seriously could have been in bed asleep
three hours ago that's how exhausted I
am so yeah today was exhausting it's a
lot of fun and Manders amazing she's so
fun and I don't know I'm just looking
forward to the rest of the week but I'm
also like yeah because I'm just so tired
lately I just hope I can get through and
get to all the shows because a lot of
the time they go to a quite late at
night and I'm just like such an inner
I'm usually asleep by 9 or 10 o'clock at
night so we'll see how we go I'm tired
maybe you don't wait too much sugar we
thought like all this free chocolate and
like cupcakes and all sorts of stuff I
showed you some stuff just before they
even opened at all but it's like all
over in the corner I'm like you know I'm
literally going to like I don't even
know what's gonna happen to me if I eat
any more sugar I've had so much sugar
I'm just like wired
I've got some exciting stuff coming
later in the week
featuring and I want you guys to guess
in the comments if you're from New
Zealand I'm doing a video I don't know
if it's for my channel or for them or
like walk cuz I didn't bring my filming
camera and I've got all the equipment
ready so I don't know if they're gonna
give me the footage or they're gonna use
it obviously I'll like tweet a link and
everything or Facebook alike so you can
go watch it I'm doing a video with a New
Zealand radio personality so see if you
can guess who it is it is a guy and he's
one of my favorites that I've listened
to him from like a very long time so see
if you can guess in the comments so I'm
kind of nervous to be honest but it
should be good I'm gonna leave you guys
to it now I'm gonna go wash my face hop
in bed I'm going to be in the deepest
sleep ever and I can sleep in a little
bit tomorrow so I'm very excited about
that I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video thank you so much for your support
and all of your nice comments I've been
reading them while I've been like you
know in-between like events and stuff at
New Zealand fashion wait until my phone
died I hope you have a great day and I
will talk to you tomorrow bye
