hey guys just got back from the gym you
know some days how you just go and like
you feel so tired and just like you have
no energy my average heart rate was only
on like 121 and I was like actually like
exhausted and just like hmm I still did
an hour I just did some light cardio I
figure that is better than nothing at
all so that's done and you know our like
tomorrow and the next day and the next
and the next and next day I'm in
Auckland so I probably won't be going to
the gym so I think I'll still be like
walking around a decent amount but I was
trying to get in a really good workout
this morning and it just was not
happening but that's okay happens
so now I'm just gonna breakfast
I don't know what I feel like I don't
really feel like a smoothie I might have
some toast which you might on toast or
something here's my main man sir hey
baby hello your haircut looks so nice
look at your ears so yeah today mum's
coming she's on her way now and we are
going to film soon and I think I might
do a tutorial beforehand like just a
voiceover one so I don't have to like
talk this morning because I have to film
it quickly before she gets here because
there's like a period woods look opening
wanting to do for ages it's just like a
really natural bronze look and then I
want to do another period words like
that's a little bit more like fun and
dramatic like what she likes to wear as
well so it's like kind of bronze but
it's like very simple and really pretty
and she's wearing like a button so I
might recreate that today and then me a
mother doing some stuffs today we might
go out for lunch or something and then I
still have to pack for Auckland I
haven't even started packing so I need
to figure out what I'm gonna wear so
much pressure Fashion Week this is how
you eat Vegemite a little bit with lots
of butter on toast it's amazing alright
so I've got my pure hair done now just
go do my makeup I mean a little bit of a
hurry now because my mum is due to be
here within like 30 or 40 minutes so I
reckon I could probably almost get it
done
then I will select the makeup on my
mama's face because she wants me to do
some light makeup on her and then we
will be filming a video and I'm really
excited and I'm changing my tops I found
a bit of top to match the picture so me
and my mother
they're about to film I'm just gonna put
some makeup on and quickly but I
finished my makeup look isn't she
beautiful
I've got makeup on yeah were you also so
this is the period words inspired makeup
look
hold on I'll show you the picture here's
the inspiration picture she looks
amazing so I tried to do the best I
could
I'm very 10 right now love it now you
get the bag so we just finished filming
and I've put on this just casual talk
from Sue pray it's just like a long
slave Jane's from Glassons they're a
little bit too big but this should be
comfy and then I've got this jersey that
I got from romwe like two or three years
ago but I still love it my hands look in
the bun style I've no idea where this
choke is from by the way it was just
like on my shelf so he's he's there my
Lily even looked at Luke he's not a
priest like I'm waiting and waiting
smiling is your name this is smiling
yeah so me and mum are just going out
for lunch now and then we're gonna go do
some other stuff so I'll bring you along
and I've got a weird angle so you don't
see my neighborhood right now really
like how this makeup looks it's really
pretty it's really simple
so we're going to Cafe Cuba for lunch so
we go through the store the next one the
Jawa juice is the best do you guys like
pooja juice let me know in the comments
is my lunch it's corn fritters and sell
it and epic Oddo
could you tell I was hungry it tastes so
so so good and mum got Petter Bridge and
some stuff it's 4:30 p.m. and we just
got home me and mum we're just running
some errands and stuff and now I've got
to edit yesterday's vlog and upload it
and I've still got a pic these are Louie
and Zeus's other treats that we got the
other day
they look like shrews freeze which were
my favourite when I was little yeah yeah
tell them to get out out get out to
place those out go on you got Yuto in
here nicely good boys good boys
he's like an ally he does not want me to
have that Chloe has moved on to a new
favorite toy he's trying to eat it boy
don't do that
he's like far out just let me do
whatever I want
I'll be doing I saw that I saw that
what your legs doing yeah weird how
funny is that I literally like cold out
college humor you stay out the day
before or something about their makeup
girl video staying like the awkward
moment when college humor can't tell us
something's funny or really really
hateful and they just followed me on
Twitter logic Lily wants to come with me
I wish I could bring you you would look
so cute
Franco at Fashion Week and everyone
would be so jealous of your outfit yeah
they would
there would be so jealous of you because
you're so handsome if we're gonna be
like why can't I be as cool as him all
right so I have packed my bags and I
basically packed as much like as I could
find in my wardrobe so hopefully there's
some good outfits in there I'm like kind
of stressing out because I'm just not
prepared and hopefully I can make
something look good look what arrived oh
my gosh what a cool box here's all my
goodies oh my gosh I have to like try
some of it I reckon I might go put it in
my room and wear something tomorrow and
take it with me to wear throughout the
week and then I got some stuff from
platinum sports that's cool got another
sports bra because I needed more
beginning far too sweetie lately and
then I run out of sports bras to it
throughout the week so I've got that one
and then also these leggings which were
really cool I've got like mesh down the
bottom they're full length and these
ones are by the brand Liz Mills I think
and then this was remember and then I
could not help myself
I'm like so addicted to buying shoes I
swear and then I also got some proper
ones that a bunch of you guys
recommended to me this asics brand these
ones were on sale so I just bought them
I didn't really care what they look like
although they should look pretty cute so
hopefully these would be a little bit
better for me running I'm willing to
give it a shot anyway
they ended up being like 150 dollars
cheaper than normal so it was a bargain
considering because they're usually a
very very very expensive they were in my
size and there were the last ones on the
website like I added them to my cart and
then it was like sorry this item is out
of stock like after I added it to my
cart
so it was supposed to be so hopefully
these are a little bit better for my
feet when I'm doing like lots of running
and stuff 7 o'clock and I have in hate
tuna I really really really want subway
but we'll see I love my makeup today by
the way I've been wearing colored
contacts a lot lately because I threw
out my clear ones and these are just
like what I've been wearing I don't know
I love my natural eye color but I also
love blue eyes so I think it's fun I'm
just reading my comments on yesterday's
video that you guys have left me and you
guys are literally like the best I love
you guys so much we're watching Idiot
Abroad again he's like yes right there
right did well I'm trying the muscle
fuel desert protein bulbs so this one
looks like this I've no idea what flavor
it is but it smells really good for them
bitches be jealous I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and hopefully I'll
be able to vlog tomorrow all depends on
the hotel and if I can get internet and
how much internet I can get cetera I'll
update you guys on Twitter and Facebook
we thought yeah I hope you guys enjoy
stayin away mate
