good morning can you like it matter how
great I am right now I just did one of
the biggest workouts and a while I'm
like out Bristow can I just say how much
I love you guys like you guys watch my
videos most of you anyway I know there's
some of you that don't like me they
watch these videos just like talk shit
but hey I guess I worked out real hard
today
again frustration people always say like
stop focusing and stop ranting like I
saw someone comments the other day like
all you do is rant and feel sorry of
yourself like I think there's more to my
life than that but okay you're a larger
opinion I talk about some things like I
don't talk about every negative thing
that happens to me believe me I'll be
talking all freaking day every day and
all of my vlogs would just like look at
this hate comment look at what this
person said like for the most part I
showed up but Yuri now and then like
people just piss me off so much and like
just hmm if you don't like watching rant
videos then just don't even watch my
vlogs because I enjoy a good rap
sometimes I like to you know tell people
it's on my mind because it's just who I
am and I like to let you guys know what
I'm thinking maybe how boring my vlogs
would be if I was just like hello today
I went to the gym I'm drinking a
smoothie that is what I do but I mean at
least me talking about stuff that's on
my mind kind of like makes them
interesting I feel like ah did you guys
see that college humor video about like
beauty gurus and everything
Sully did a video response about it and
it was so good she like nailed it which
we met on chat sorry my brains like a
little bit like tired and she was like
oh my gosh I'm so angry what she was
like should I do video responses like
we're gonna do it like these people are
so annoying the video could have been
funny but they just had to take her from
funny to hateful and just like
categorize every single youtuber under
like one little umbrella which totally
isn't fair because I feel like the
beauty community is one of the best
communities like ever the beauty
community brought me so much happiness
and not just like from me making my own
videos but watching other people's
videos it's brought me so much happiness
students brought me so much like passion
like more passion for makeup and it's
like it's helped me make friends and all
sorts of stuff someone was getting so
angry at me saying that I pretend like
YouTube's just a hobby of mine as mode
Oh Mike why are you getting angry about
that even though like I have clearly
said a million times my videos that
YouTube is my job I've never tried to
hide that and I've never said that it's
only a hobby and it's not my job like
yes you choose my job I've never said
anything but that but this person Rick
and I was saying there and then just
went off at me and I'm like what are you
doing like why do people just go out of
their way to like try and like turn me
into this monster so much frustration
like seriously so so so much frustration
oh that's okay I'm not going to focus on
that but I do want to address one other
thing so many people have got the wrong
idea and I don't know from where I don't
know if there's like rumors like if
there's people saying they're somewhere
online I'm not being sponsored in the
light in all of these like daily vlogs
I've done so if I like 30-something
daily vlogs now these have been
sponsored some stuff is being seen for
free like when I open packages but
that's it you know those meals I eat I'm
not being sponsored and I pay for all of
those myself
yeah no idea like why people think that
being sponsored to talk about them I'm
literally just showing you like what
I've been eating so none of those are
free like I've bought them all myself
the only time I got anything for free
from them was those like dessert balls
and like some footwear because someone
wanted to send it to me like I'm not
being sponsored I'm not being paid I
found them through one of my friends
John he told me like it looked like a
really good website she I don't and I
should check it out and so I did
and I don't know why so many people
think I'm being sponsored by them but
I'm not I'm literally just showing you
what I'm eating I don't know how to I'm
not even like linking them in the
downbar I'm not saying like if it was
sponsored it would say so in the downbar
like any people like like yes some
people were just accusing me of all
these different things and I'm just like
I feel like I'm one of the most honest
youtubers like I don't I'm not going to
name names or anything but I know a lot
of youtubers out there cuz I am friends
with a lot of different youtubers not
just the ones that you're going to think
of instantly but like other people that
I don't talk about a lot and don't
collab with and stuff like I actually do
talk to a lot of youtubers and sometimes
I work on campaigns that are the same as
some other youtubers they don't really
talk to there are so many youtubers out
there that don't say whenever you are
sponsored even though it's the law where
they live or people that live in
countries where it's not the law but
they still just don't say so I'm not
naming names like most youtubers are
fine but there are some people
just don't admit it and I'm like I get
hammered for being honest like these
people that don't say anything
no one even like calls them up no one
asks if it's sponsored they just here's
like oh my gosh like this is so cool
like whatever whatever
and then there's me who decides to like
be honest that get so much more hate and
like it's like why am I getting like so
penalized like it's like why should why
why am I even being honest maybe I
should just lie except that's just not
my blood like I don't feel comfortable
doing that but they it's like when it
comes down to it's just like how do
anything right sometimes really all
these comments I'm just like holy shit
and then like some people like sometimes
make out like you don't deserve like for
this to be a job like it's a stupid job
that you shouldn't get paid for doing
this I'm like you're the one that enjoys
watching these videos I may be not my
videos that it's fine but I mean YouTube
videos in general I think it's amazing
because you watching this you could
start a channel and you could make money
and this could potentially be your job
but it doesn't work out for everyone
obviously just like every other job in
the world but it's it's a reality like
anyone can do it look at me I'm like
from partisan world New Zealand I don't
love an extravagant lifestyle my parents
aren't rich I don't have the perfect
life I didn't have a perfect upbringing
I've been through my own struggles I'm
just like a normal person that's just
like I started doing YouTube because I
love to make up like I started because
none of my friends were into makeup and
it just annoys me when people like you
don't deserve to get paid I'm like
you're the one that's watching videos on
YouTube for free like you don't have to
pay I've turned down offers from I'm not
going to name what I've turned down
offers from other services or language
charge viewers for videos like I've
turned them down because I think it's
cool edits for free like you can just
log on and watch whatever you feel like
watching and people get angry because
people get in pay it's like if youtubers
weren't getting paid like why would we
like obviously we would still do it I
know I would still do it because it
would be like a passion of mine is a
passion of mine but let's be real if I
was working a full-time job I wouldn't
have as much time or money to put in as
much if it and you know upload as many
videos as I do if YouTube wasn't my job
like I'd be lucky to be able to upload
once a week you know what I mean so like
why do people get so angry yes I can
understand people getting angry at
people
they do sponsorships I like the set and
everything else but I mean when people
looking paid to talk about stuff that
you enjoy it will talk about you know
stuff and brands that you love I'm
pretty sure like most people out there
that are saying like hateful things
about that would do the exact same thing
like if they love to maybelline mascara
meddlers hey hey we'll pay you this much
money to talk about that in the video
I'm pretty sure they would do it too
it's just so annoying well I know I'm
true to myself and obviously no one else
I mean not no one else but a lot of
people aren't gonna believe that there's
just one of those frustrating days
that's why I just want to say I love you
guys like I can truly say like a bunch
of you and like the co means like so
many of you were just such great people
I just know it just makes me so I hope
you're eating a lot of like some of my
comments pissed me off but a lot of you
like you know just like completely below
over at us other water yes it's still
frustrating and yes I still talk about
haters but if you guys weren't there
none of it would be worth it that
because you guys just give me so much
support and like this so much love and
like you jut I can't even talk I'm so
tired
you guys are just amazing and you make
everything with it I guess this is just
my hopeless attempt to try and tell some
people like you know my thoughts and
hopefully someone will be like oh you
know what maybe it's not so wrong but I
probably won't change anyone's mind it
was worth a vain attempt I guess I think
it's cool that people can make money
from a hobby of theirs
you know makeups a passion of mine and
I'm so happy there now it's my job if
you're worried about like something
sponsored in any of my videos read the
downbar like literally read the damn
backs I'm not just gonna be like hey I'm
treating this water by the way this
isn't sponsored and hey I'm reading this
book by the way it's not sponsored hey I
love this TV show by the way it's not
sponsored like how annoying would that
get I'm eating this meal by the way it's
not sponsored I'm getting KFC by the way
it's not sponsored like I can't just
keep doing that that's why I always say
check the downbar rant over so I've got
mango banana and raspberries and water
in here so far I'm just gonna blend it
down a little bit because there's lots
of room in here but I can't fit anything
else in then I'm going to add spinach
and protein powder as well and what
people keep asking about what protein
powder I use this is it here I can't
remember where I bought it away there
you go this is it right there
right here's how it looks oh my vote is
so good I love the raspberries lately by
the way my top is fit where that one
that they stick me for free the other
day made plans for today are gives you
like every single video I need for this
week because again I'm going to Fashion
Week on like Wednesday or something so I
need to schedule our stop my tour I need
to schedule all of my videos for while
I'm gone so that you guys don't get your
beauty videos and then I want to fake
tan today so I'm all prepared I also
want to a few more videos and yeah
that's my day also got like a million
emails I have to answer so that's fun I
haven't showered yet I've just been
editing all morning I want to my third
video so I'm being very productive but
it is now it's at 1 o'clock ok it's 1
o'clock I thought it was 12 o'clock it's
1 o'clock
wait is it might very concerned right
now because it was like so much time
there just like blew past me okay it's 1
or 2 all right there goes half my day
so I have some lunch quickly I'm going
to finish off visiting the video I am
eating now and then I'm going to fake
tan
yeah pop in the shower right here's the
chicken thigh bumpkin potato and greens
and no I am NOT being sponsored actually
ordered some vegetarian meals because I
am wanting to cut back on the meat a
little bit because before I was doing
these meal plans I didn't eat meat
everything because before I was doing
these meal plans will prepackaged meals
from muscle kill I wasn't eating meat
for like most lunches and like some
dinners so I went on the website and I
custom ordered like someone told me in
micro masala you can custom create your
meals or muscle kill so I did just that
and I just did some like different
vegetarian like I just did lots of
veggies we have to kind of like balance
out my diet a little bit I do want to
like cut down
little bit on the meat that's just my
personal reference we got some mail and
more mail Oh wantable
I started purchasing this box that
aren't shipped to New Zealand but I just
used you shop to get it from the u.s. to
New Zealand but I saw this service it's
one of those subscription boxes I saw it
on beds beauty's Channel so I signed up
look how cute this is
as far as they're concerned I you know
they've no idea I'm a youtuber or
anything but look how nice that is just
running a little thank-you note and then
here's some stuff so we have pressed
complexion powder let me just open
everything and then I'll show you look
at this thing it's like a little compact
and it's got like lip colors in it with
a mirror how cute is that by brand
cattivo and then we also got an organic
blush stick next the color there it's
like a purpley kind of berry color
we got a lipstick by Mirabelle oh I've
heard of this brand before so this
lipstick is in the shade lavender luster
it's kind of like another berry tone and
then this body ography pressed powder
and in the other package is just a
little like portable tripod I got this
for this camera so I can kind of get a
better like like a wider angle I guess
like get more in the frame let's try it
so this is before and this is after I
don't know if that's like a decent
difference or not oh okay kind of floppy
here's lunch so it's just got back from
Hemi a hiccup where is he
there he is hello you look so handsome
I think Lowe is excited to see Zeus
again Hamish is new vlog went up and I'm
like missing my supply forces part so
many times he's like squirting people
with this like water spout and it gets
this lady in the head zone I'll put a
link to this video down below you wanna
watch it we filmed this like a couple
months back when we were in Australia
was probably more than a couple months
ago now this one look smack it's on
Hamish is channel mush mush vlogs and
yes this does make sense later on in the
video alright so I'm doing a before and
after here's my before my gosh it looks
shitting in this lighting but there is
the after I'll show you better soon
we'll see bit of tomorrow anyway once
it's developed yes I have no top on
right now if this is the ultra dark
loving tan mousse you can get it from
Peter Marie calm or loving tan calm if
you live in New Zealand or Australia
it's usually faster to go through pagan
Mary Justin fYI and no this is not
sponsored put it all over my face as
well so it looks kind of weird at the
moment but once you rinse it off it
looks amazing
woah okay now you can see how dark I
look B way I'm just talking to my mom
and I'm like mom it's just like watching
and I was like because she's coming into
pommy tomorrow like do you want to film
a question-and-answer with me she's all
like what do you mean what is it show me
an example so I sent her an example of
one of Tyler Oakley's videos and
hopefully she agrees because I reckon
there to be a cool video question that's
with my mum I'm seriously very turned
right now every time I look at myself my
camera I'm like oh my god this is going
to look so good
okay I just finished scheduling all of
my uploads for the suite so we have a
tutorial coming and a regret review kind
of video coming so hopefully you guys
enjoy them and at the moment I am just
at start screenshotting a ton of
questions for my mum she's agreed that
she will do it with me tomorrow
hopefully if we get time so I can't wait
to film there I think it'll be really
fun and the question so far really
really good so I'm just going to go
through and pick out like maybe like 15
or 20 of them to answer Hey
hi bug look at those ears hi you look
like a bet you a bet or a dog nobody
knows what are you doing so I've got
about 28 different question options so
hopefully that's enough I'm sure I
probably won't be able to answer all of
them in the video but there are some
really really good questions so thank
you guys so much for leaving some
questions for her I am so hungry so I'm
gonna have some dinner
it is almost 5:30 mmm have my have
chicken meatballs and pasta and
vegetables I'm actually going to cut
tonight
Blagh shawwal today's vlog short so I'm
gonna eat this tonight I have so much to
do tomorrow see our definitely bring you
along with me tomorrow I'm excited to
see my mum and film with her she's never
really been over video properly before
like she's been in my vlogs here and
there but she's never like filmed a
video but a proper video so it should be
interesting
thank you guys so much for watching I
love you so much and I hope you have it
the best day ever and if you're not
having a very good day I hope it gets a
little bit better soon and hopefully
tomorrow will be better
love you
