hey guys so this morning we are off yeah
we're off to the copy but just to grab
some breakfast and then I think after
that might hit the gym because I don't
agree yesterday and then I might just
chill out for the day I've got to get it
yesterday's video open apart from there
I don't really have much I have to do so
I might just have a chill day I'm like
craving every kind on toast
so hopefully the coffee club is it yeah
that's what I feel like so we changed
our mind last minute and we've been
chewed up at the Elm cafe so now I've
got to find something here looks like I
really must mean here my phone case is
really annoying like all of that's fine
and then there's this like little area
up here where they're also stuck it
doesn't matter how much I shake here for
fun guys they just weren't coming out I
got some look but they still like keep
stuck up they're so annoying
hamish got the big breakfast and I got
the eggs and bacon and hash brown like
Kumaresh
look at my cute little family movie you
look so cute
so yeah I reckon this is why they pull
down all the pillows off the couch
because they like to snuggle with them
on the floor
hey yes I think that's why and then my
zoo see hey Zeus goose are you doing so
you're so handsome yes almost 11 a.m.
and I'm just like procrastinating right
now cuz I can't be what they're going to
the show at all of a sudden but there's
a bunch of YouTube videos I want to
watch so I think I'm just going to go
for a bit of a walk like I'm not going
to push myself too hard today because
I'm just quite tired I'm really enjoying
walking like I've always been a really
big Walker when I was in high school I
used to walk a lot like every single day
and then I kind of stopped just got my
license and everything but I I just
really enjoy walking like it's a really
good time just like think about things
and stuff and also watch youtube videos
on the trip north so I'm just gonna go
do that and then who knows maybe after
I've been walking for a bit I'll have a
little bit more XS a little bit more
exercise walk maybe I'll have a little
bit more energy and then I can like run
well so if you've noticed have been
showing as much of my meals lately on
YouTube because people are starting to
rip into me for just about everything
today they're like I'm eating
whoo good I'm not eating good enough or
like something's not good for me or
something's like blah blah blah or like
I should be doing this diet or I
shouldn't be doing that diet and it's
just like I just think we will need to
remember that I am my own person and I
can eat what I want it's just hard
sometimes you know like I can see why a
lot of daily vloggers don't talk about
certain things and stuff because yeah
there's just a lot of speculation who's
this is he you toy why are you biting
his bum hmm Haven switch with that last
night I I think I showed you you smiling
smile for the camera you're so handsome
look at that smile I swear you guys I
don't know why Colgate hasn't snapped
him up yet so I just got back from the
gym about 15 minutes ago so I went for
an hour and a half ish I'm still bright
red all I did was like a bunch of how it
walking as I said I didn't really feel
like that I'd just couldn't be bothered
exercising but I feel so much better and
I feel more energetic um I'm not really
hungry yet but yeah it's like past 1:00
o'clock and I need to eat something for
lunch because I'm terrible at like
sometimes I just don't ate until I'm
hungry
but then I put off eating and then it'll
be like 7 o'clock at night and I'll be
starving and then I'll eat too much food
and then I just feel like for the
rest the night so one of my big goals if
you guys know it's like you're gonna eat
three times a day so I think I'm just
gonna have a big smoothie lunch I'm
gonna use my Vitamix because I'm gonna
make a bigger one than my midget below
because I've burned a lot of calories
just thin which is weird because I just
power walks but I did on an incline so I
want to make sure I get a whole bunch of
nutrients into my body now I think I'm
just going to do something with like a
ton of spinach I'll show you all right
so I've put in a banana and a half
because they're little tiny baby bananas
I'm gonna put in some kale spinach
raspberries blueberries mango almonds
milk a little bit of lime juice and some
chia seeds and protein
look how huge this looks once you blend
it obviously reduces a lot because a lot
of that is just spinach you know it was
like it takes up a lot of room
so I'm just putting some almond milk in
here and I might put some water in as
well and then we blitz it sorry this is
so dusty it's been in the cupboard
it's such an ugly color when you mix
like the green with the berries I hate
the color of it but hopefully it tastes
good I've got two or three smoothies
with so hopefully this will give me a
really good dose of vitamins in
nutrients today I definitely need it
after yesterday hey way too much cheese
it's so good tastes a lot like raspberry
yeah I'm just the next ship away it was
gigantic smoothie all afternoon
I'm just like so full from breakfast oh
by the way man Hamish have kind of
narrowed down the car choices to like
three different cars so at some stage
when we're both not too busy we're gonna
go have a look and like a test drive Jim
we test drove one so far but we're gonna
test drive it again like the same day as
all the other cars so we can kind of
like you know make a decision based on
like comparing them I think we're
deciding out of a Jeep a Nissen and I
think it's a Toyota something rather
they're all like SUVs and they're all
like really really nice so I think an
SUV is a good choice for us like the
dogs plus when we get a beach house
eventually so we can make toys from jet
skis or whatever and it just has a lot
more space in it than a little mr. I
will miss my little mr. was the first
car I bought with my own money my
parents bought my first two cars my very
first car overhead was a Honda what was
it Honda Accord a very old one my dad
painted it bright Kermit green and then
my second car was a 40s cool which my
mom bought me I think my dad bought me
my first one and my mom bought me my
Ford Escort and then my dad did it up
and made it like brand-new because we
bought it for like a grand or something
cuz it was like a rust box
my dad completely refurbished it and did
like such an amazing job he's so good at
what he does he's a panel beater painter
he's just like amazing and it was like
an amazing car
but then when I moved to Oakland that
just wasn't reliable enough it wasn't
very good I've like really big Hills it
was a 1969 I think her in 1968 so it was
pretty old and it just wasn't very good
up big hills and like in traffic and
like going a hundred canes and out
wasn't too good so when I moved to
Auckland I bought myself my little
monster so it holds a very special place
in my heart but it's time to upgrade and
get something a little bit bigger ah so
yeah I'm just gonna get yesterday's vlog
now and then
I will chill out there is the option
Arkin I just slowed all my words
together chill out for the rest of the
afternoon I reckon so I finished editing
my vlog and I am halfway through all of
my smoothies I've had one and a half
cups so far and it's filling me up so
good it's so refreshing so I'm just here
watching the fourth face Awards next
face Awards I've never actually watched
out live before but heaps of people
tweeted me and asked if I was watching
it so now I am I don't know if this is a
spoiler alert for those of you who don't
know who won yet but click out now if
you don't want to know who won the next
face Ward's bet
hey it was Glenn and gore look how
amazing her hair looks as well which is
so pretty
congratulations I love it someone just
asked do your dogs never go outside
they're not humans do you see this they
have a massive backyard that goes around
there and around there that you hate
going outside don't you you prefer to
sit on the couch all day and be lazy yes
so that's what you do my dogs just love
it inside sometimes especially in the
mornings when the sun's out Lily likes
to sit on this couch out here and just
chill in the Sun but yeah there are
differently more kind of indoor dogs
I think there's anything wrong with that
cuz you know they're just gonna live
their life the way they want to live it
you know they're independent free willed
dogs they don't need no man I'm kidding
oh here comes the other bug troublemaker
I'll show you some comments and answer
some oh my gosh we've watched shameless
and it is so good I love it we're all
out today so we're waiting for the next
season to come out heaps of people
saying it's Nissan or something but in
New Zealand we've always said nothing I
think well everyone I know calls it Ness
and so I don't know if that's a New
Zealand thing or what we've seen
prison-break Hamish is actually just
watching some more of it at the moment
but I'm kind of over it I like to like
the first couple series or seasons or
whatever but I don't know I'm kind of
over it
what's happening huh okay there goes
that idea
Thank You Internet what's your problem
really it's no good no it's no good
no oh it's facts sirs this is all your
fault
this is all your fault so rude
look at that hey guys it is 6:14 I had
to cheat just in time we're finding my
outfit all kind of it's the same kind of
color but it's a different style top
then wearing the same jeans because you
know there's a thing called a washing
machine I'm just kidding I have an issue
wash them since yesterday but you know I
like to wear my jeans a few times before
I wash them don't you love it when
people are like you really won there
before and it's kinda like yeah I've
actually bought this thing and it's
called a washing machine and you can
like reuse your clothes not all like
Justin Bieber we can't just wear like
one crib underway and throw them away
yeah me and Hamish is just chilling and
I think we're gonna hit out and grab
some dinner I know where we gonna go
maybe Lone Star or something simple so I
shall let bring you along with me I need
to wash my hair really bad but I thought
I'd wait till tomorrow and now I'm
regretting it man a mission is driving
we tried tonight way go tonight I would
be reading your comments about Jade
and then Hamish was looking online it
does what life is like a decent amount
of light negativity well it's like just
been breaking down and like not week we
go to
obviously everyone's like it's all
concentrated in one place oh it sounds
really bad yeah but it was any one or
two people saying yeah but it's a lot of
people saying it but also like we need
to decide like what other cars because
like billy-o said we're looking at like
a Toyota and that's it
so once we've like test-driven them and
everything then we need to look at like
the same websites and like look at them
as well because it's like if there's
going to be the same like you know al I
don't know if one's worse and the other
is or if it's just I won certain
famously
has Jim can people say yeah like what
happens we're not trying to be like no
you're wrong we're just genuinely want
to know because we were interested in
like maybe buying one so we just want to
make sure like you know we just wanna
make sure that we've got all the
feedback before we even may look into it
so yeah thanks to permits kind of bullet
to our teachings we've never heard that
before have never well I guess I don't
really know anyone that weren't known
one person we were knew not like one
person that's got a G but he loves it
so yeah we've never really heard bad
stuff so it's interesting to hear from
you guys like what we thought because we
don't yeah cuz we don't know we think we
don't we don't know yeah
one of the other cars were looking at
Miss Anne do you remember what the model
was called
as the one under the path yes the model
smaller than the path but x-trail is
that I think it's an extra and then
Toyota was the Toyota Highlander or
something like that but those the other
ones were looking at the moment but I
think that was just the Kia but more
like that yeah so those are what we're
looking at at the moment but we'll
figure it out we're not in a rush all we
know is we want to get something a bit
bigger than the Mazda and we're just
still looking we want to like make sure
that the car is something that we really
want obviously before we spend the money
on it so we drove around for an hour now
we've decided we're going to get big so
we don't have patrons so long yes we
have we've had pizza from what's a cool
pasta place apart from that we've been
able Munoz Nations so we're doing some
pizza for dinner
we're going to go to Lone Star but then
we decided we couldn't be bothered
waiting around for the third though we
walk into the lounge well actually we're
walking down the hallway and I see this
evidence there's some fluff and some
fluff over there and then we walk in
here and you see the poor giraffe just
lying there helpless you come along here
is more fluff it's just everywhere how
do you feel how does it feel to kill
your best friend huh yeah he's like
just using this face mask it's the
clinic pore refining solutions mask and
it's supposed to pull out debris out of
your pores hopefully it works well I'm
just playing out for bidding now and
then I'm gonna sleep so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog I hope you guys had
a good weekend and I'll talk to you more
hopefully
