hey guys sorry it is at 10:35 and I'm
sorry Ivan float this morning all I did
was like get rid a and like you know
boring stuff does it mean hamish you're
in town I think we just drop you in to
get some food and then I haven't really
told you guys but we're gonna go
browsing at cards I don't know if we're
actually gonna buy one today but we're
gonna go have a look at some cars
because we're thinking of getting rid of
I'm Esther as much as we love it it's
like an amazing car we just want
something a little bit bigger so yeah
we're just gonna go have a browse I'm
kind of excited I love looking at cars
or it should be fun look we have are
they closed
are they shutting Saturday mornings
okay so that just opened early I guess
this is so awkward
y'all they're just kidding I don't end
up for us
my mate was in there it is I got some
water okay much belt this one to try
obviously you guys if you want food that
still tastes really good
like a little bit drinky but a lot
better for using like McDonald's or
whatever you should check out fresh Bowl
like it's fresh it's like a whole lot of
salad and you can choose like sauce if
you want it and then a couple of meats
as well and they also have vegetarian
options it's so delicious
and it tastes amazing wait that's the
same thing it's so delicious and it
tastes amazing
so now me and Hamish you're just gonna
go check out some cuts so I'll bring you
along we literally just saw a guy
dressed up as the Joker walking down the
road like what okay
I just like hello just walking down the
street dressed up as the Joker Hamish
Burke is walking his food and now he's
paranoid that he's all boy wouldn't oh I
was chewing on it yeah but he would have
spit it out he spit it all out
we've also got a guy behind me that
dresses up as a pirate and we also have
a guy called the naked pine man because
he sells pies and he sits there naked
sometimes so we are currently looking on
there it is over there
we're looking for this print body
prestige car place no I will not excuse
China I'm trying to drive you believe it
or not okay
oh my gosh look at this intersection
it's been a I don't know there's the
woods well that's kind hereafter good
way to home I can't discuss he seems
just think that we're all give him on
his bed with that one okay here we go oh
oh oh no no one's going straight huh
yeah we are we're getting Jace probably
but no we're not getting one we had
another this my dream quiet Shannon
wants to show you here care you dreamed
something that Cristiano would drive
what look at that
I love it it's so pure it's the Rubicon
Wrangler and just the easy eggs you can
probably pop that off and still feel as
well shut up look how pretty they are
hamish lies the grand he likes these
ones yeah I like this one
hamish lace that one what's that one
driving this master yeah that's the one
I like I'm
that's we gotta cool it in here lessons
for sure now we're at robust Robertson
Robertson prestige like BMWs and Audi's
and v-dubs and stuff so we're just
having a look around and seeing what
there is now the Jeeps nicer than that
one I think
what's that is that a BMW that use quite
nice so that was really funny where we
just said the place that sells the jeeps
again we're just looking because we're
pretty sure we want to get a Jeep
what is it Grand Cherokee it's some kind
there's like a few different kinds but
we haven't decided obviously so we're
gonna have a little think matter of the
knees couple of days but the guy that
worked there like he was looking at out
and he's also what do you guys do and
we'll all YouTube and then he was like
wait a second and then he realized who I
work who I was who I was
he's like my daughter watches your
videos and he was like okay any web
satisfied and he's like take a photo and
so we got a photo nice things it to his
daughter and she was like what and he
was just like blown away it was so funny
I was trying to get him to take a selfie
but he wouldn't I might take your trendy
selfie because you know how some people
want you to take the photo for him and
then other people hold up yeah I feel
like selfies always turned out better
oh yeah and just like the full shot it's
so funny I was just so funny he's just
like oh my gosh like now it'll make so
much sense in this young a blonde girl
just standing on your phone ignoring all
the conversations obviously I know
nothing about like the actual technical
aspects of it cuz I just like on my
phone on social media he's like now
it'll make sense so we went to missing
quickly and now we're at holding this is
our whole day so if I was just like
looking at cars this Range Rovers and
Audi's and jaguars and stuff but I don't
know we're just looking we've found like
three different kind of cars which look
pretty cool there's kinda side look at
this one it's like so big tall Range
Rovers it's alright I don't know I just
got home Hamish is bringing home the
mister cuz we just got it cleaned and I
have a massive bag full of treats and
toys for the puppies for the puppies
hi look at them he's like I know where
is he he's not down there I can say
something me being hello you're right
what are you doing hi I love you so
we've got this big hairball on a rope
which looks like this and we also got
this fellow he because he's been loving
his soft we toys it's a big giraffe then
we also got this because it's a really
soft kind of like chewy rubber so
working the doors are like to chew on
that and then they got some treats to
let me hop down what is it what is it oh
my gosh oh my gosh what is it
yep
he likes it he's if you like the ropes
don't you yeah oh yeah I got them these
traits here I like this one that's like
it sure is brave you live in New Zealand
you know and then this one's like
hundreds of thousands
okay look what I've got that's sit sit
yeah sit there you go
and by the way we didn't make those yeah
we didn't make these ourself we bought
them at Internet
he's just looking at
I wonder what's in those because they
actually look pretty good like they look
like a human could probably eat them I
don't know so me and Hamish popped in to
countdown cuz we decided we were going
to make a platter but we're not going to
use all of it we just bought too much
much man these bows - oh no I want this
one this is my one no no you see we're
not using it all okay then you don't do
it no I don't want that though you get
one thing each no I'm both I'm gonna eat
it all that so you just told them we're
not having at all we're having it all
what well we also got some sun-dried
tomatoes and some brisket oh and some
cracked pepper crackers and we've also
got the jellies in the fridge as well so
it's probably way too much for me and
Hamish bodies to chop some cheese off so
we didn't use it all but so we still
have a good selection you know and some
black olives and green olives and
sun-dried tomatoes and a couple
different chutneys YUM I'm just filming
Louie you can't be loi go your favorite
toy hello he just loves the like plush
toys so much more than the others in the
Sun so I got your toy are you here
squeaking it oh you got it back did ya
hey Zeus he's obsessed with this like he
literally just cannot get enough look at
that hey Zeus
so we're still watching trailer park
boys it's so good I'm like obsessed with
it and I don't want it to end let me
know what me and Homer should watch me
it's like what's a TV series that you
think me and Hamish will love write it
down in the comments come here wait wait
watching fair video isn't beard and I'm
drinking out of my mug that my
subscriber gave me my life that will
poison no yeah it's a fabulous mug I
love it it's a pretty color too Hamish
is just jealous that no one got him a
mug don't ya do you think Lily license
new toy hmm I guess more years I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog and I will
probably talk to you tomorrow bye
