hey guys I just got back from the gym
actually did a lot better today I did
about an errand 15 20 minutes of just
cardio I did cross-training and I did a
bunch of running and stuff but I'm
signing it real sore shin so is it any
way at all to like prevent that I have
no idea damn it my battery is flashing
got a gift from muscle fuel relay happy
birthday Shannon from the team at muscle
fuel we've pet you some of our new
protein balls which I'll show you they
look really really young and would love
your followers to sample them for free
if they order any muscle for your meal
packs and mention chanak so in the
comments we will give them a free pack
also our friends at fit we've given us
some training gear for you and Hamish is
here but we're trained with comfort we
gotta learn new meals or sorted for the
week so that's good cuz yeah we ran out
so today I did a green smoothie this is
half spinach like half of this canister
was spinach so lots and lots of greens
and then protein powder half a banana
and a few chunks of it and mango so good
if you hate green vegetables this is
such a good way to eat them like spinach
and kale and all that kind of thing
because you can't taste it even more so
spinach because it really like grinds
down to nothing can sometimes be a
little bit like chewy but spinach you
literally can't taste it like look how
green this is you cannot taste it at all
be sure with that vanilla protein powder
cause it's such a strong flavor I don't
actually mind the taste of spinach but
I'm just saying for those of you who
don't like it try it out got a bunch of
it fit where I guess I'll just show it
to you when I wear eventually for some
really cool stuff in here I like this
and there's also like a blue one where
is it these two tops here feels so
similar to those Nike ones I love so
this is the brand if you want to google
it fit wear train with a cup of it and I
also got another little package here I
still got two taken on my scratchies and
claim my $5 anti cellulite bronzing gel
doesn't that sound interesting
so I am just off to get my nails done
because they look kind of terrible my
cuticles are all dry and my nail polish
is like growing at the actual nail
polish doesn't look bad my actual nails
aren't so good so I'm off to get my
nails done quickly here we are I've
already showed you this but just in case
you're new to my vlog channel this is
where I go my nails look so like this
dumpy ugly wood I don't have any nail
polish on me but I just don't feel like
myself of my nails a natural-looking
you
I don't know this is in focus but look
how cute my nails are with a little bit
of negative space as well look how
pretty my nails are still slightly
growing out so we didn't have too much
length to play with they're all a little
bit crooked but hopefully next time I go
my nails will be growing out from that
and gross broken nail stage but they
look really really cute it's so hard to
show you about this super super super
shimmery if you want to find more photos
of her work go on instagram and search
dollhouse nails MZ all one word this is
her page here so go follow her if you
want some nail art inspiration she does
such pretty nails I love them so much I
was going to go the post office here but
I forgot my wallet because I was gonna
open a pair of box because I've
literally had like an influx of you guys
asking if there was a place we can seem
litters and things
um so I really want to get a pair of box
ordered for you guys I've hit so many of
you saying that you've written me
letters but you can't send them to me
and like obviously I can't go giving out
my personal address and stuff so I will
get onto that for lunch today I'm going
to have beef patties and potatoes so
I've got that chair I have some aioli as
well because I was craving aioli on my
potatoes and I'm just editing
yesterday's vlog I've been getting some
comments from people saying that they're
ro gutted when my videos aren't up for
certain time but I'm so sorry like I
can't promise my vlogs at a certain time
of day because one I'm not promising to
daily vlog forever and also like it just
depends when I get time to edit because
sometimes I film in the morning
sometimes I'm traveling like it honestly
just depends when I get time like in the
moment it's 12:30 so I'm editing this
vlog and then it probably won't be up to
like one or two it just completely
depends on like when I get a chance to
do it I haven't even showered yet like
I'm doing this first actually I might
even go to the gym again later see I'm
just gonna edit this video and then I've
got to set up all my videos for next
week while I'm away what are you doing
with your back legs
are you doing yeah I knew you were gonna
bite me so rude can I have a drink yeah
yeah no drink come on good boy so I'm
feeling very sorry for myself right now
I've no idea what's wrong with me but
I've got really bad like stomach cramps
it's not like period cramps because it's
over but it's like I don't know it feels
like all of my organs are just like
crushing themselves it's so painful and
I thought maybe I was hungry I didn't
feel hungry but I was like oh maybe like
I am hungry and I just start realize I'm
hungry
so I had a couple pieces of toast and
there's been no change it's been like 25
minutes now and Hamer's just went to the
gym which I was gonna go this afternoon
because it's already hit like 10,000
steps although I could do another 20,000
step day but my stomach hurts really
badly so obviously their idea went out
the window so at the moment I'm just
running myself a bath and hopefully like
the warm water will kind of soothe my
stomach I have no idea what's wrong like
I don't think it was anything I ate his
all I've had with those like my smoothie
and then those meals for lunch which
they never make me feel sick ever and
they're brand new they're fresh they're
not expired or anything and then I just
had toast to try and like help my
stomach but no what's wrong I'm creating
burger feels so bad I've eaten so much
bad food lately the struggle I'm just
trying to like have a balanced lifestyle
but then I just keep having all these
cravings and I keep giving in to the
imminence not very good also I be trying
to upload yesterday's vlog for the last
like three or four hours and it's just
not working
haha I don't know my day up to like you
know three or four hours ago is going so
amazing and now it's just like what's
gonna go wrong next think positive I've
got to think positive can you go get me
some big of fuels I'm really hungry
actually I'm not hungry at all but I
really feel like bit of fuel thank you
I'm putting this back bomb here and it's
called sticks bomb so
little pretty
I'm sorry right now because I had the
hottest spot diva is 7 p.m. and I was
literally in the bot that entire time
like over an hour I think it was
I'm sorry hot now I still feel really
really sick derp and I really really
really want there to feel like I'm
craving it so bad I can't be bothered
going to get it so that's my first of
all problem of the day hey Louie
have you come to look after me image is
getting me abit exile well got such a
bit here like know what is wrong with me
why can't I just be I'm sick healthy
listen to me I'm like why kind of be
healthy while I'm getting a big at the
dinner
who I want is comfort food it's probably
gonna make me feel sicker but at the
stage I don't care I'm so happy
is this the third pound of cheese with
lettuce and tomato added goat wait no in
Coomera fries look a few burgers the
best burgers in the whole world and
we're watching some Trailer Park Boys -
I'm going to bed now I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk to
you tomorrow
