hello good morning it is Tuesday we just
got back from the gym the pimple is
actually better after my mask last night
I like it's Fletcher still raced a
little bit but it was like full-on like
sticky on my face like a witch for
Easter day this one it's still like the
same but this one is so much good and
this was the worst one obviously it's
still bright red I've developed a new
pimple so yeah I think that mask is kind
of actually as flat now last night it
kind of popped out late last night and
then I put a bit of pimple stuff on it
but this morning it's flat anyways so I
feel like that mask is really like
drawing everything out sir I'm out of
breath still today was League day so you
know what that means I'm dated um I'm
just sort of freaking sweet eh and I am
NOT a sweeter like I don't swear but
today s we should enjoy my up it's me
yeah oh my god Shannon you're so
relatable yeah he's a fruit fly element
so I put these in there in the fridge
because these are fresh lemons so they
go off super quick not like the ones at
the store I am so exhausted um as I was
saying I need to plant these later I've
got these pots in the succulents from
the warehouse this pot here um so this
little succulent I'm gonna put into my
little skull which I bought their age
spectrum where it's from cut all the
little fruit slice why are they all on
the window state so it okay oh my gosh I
just noticed that I need to wipe those
away must be because it's getting warmer
I don't know what it is and so they're
big like stone looking square when I'm
gonna put this one in that one's just
gonna stay in there cuz I love this I
got student that from a company yeah
that one is going to have this inside it
and then this is going to go on the
other one just a little bit bigger and
then we'll plant this which is beautiful
I love succulents if you couldn't tell
Green is one of my favorite colors
especially when it comes to home decor
and what better way to get some green
into a house then with living plants
hopefully I can keep them alive I'm
feeling a little bit like outrageous
because I've managed to keep these two
alive I killed my cactus but I've kept
these two alive so I'm ready for another
couple of
projects and succulents are like so easy
but trust me I still killed him I have
no green thumb one day I'm going to take
you to my granddad's house I actually
just put in some raised VG gardens for
him because you know he's getting older
and was my Nana passing away and
everything like so before that you know
when Nana was healthy granddad used to
got in all the time just you know in the
ground flat garden stuff and it's like
one of his favorite things to do in the
whole wide world so I went in a passed
away we finally put in some light rays
Fiji daddy's so he started up again
because obviously wild manna was sick
for the past year he wasn't really
gotten that much at all
like if he knee and it's like his
favorite thing so yeah we put in two big
race VG Gardens I'm still out of breath
and then one smaller one so nice oh my
green eyes I'll show you late because he
is so good at garden and he's like real
life's dodgy belly it's amazing and then
there's me who kills the cactus so I was
like green eight I killed my cactus and
he's like and he's like I've gotta
kick just I can get yours like green
dude I will kill it okay I'll kill it um
yes there's really cute so the plan for
today I'm gonna eat it a bit might film
later if I get some time but I want to
finish it hang up my Dibble Halloween
tutorial and what else got some like
mini Instagram videos some Instagram
posts so yeah we will just give it a go
so what happens see how much work I can
get done in one day
I'm just getting some photos of my own
oh my camera should say these are from
my livestream I did yesterday so I just
like use it wirelessly yes I'm using two
cameras right now and then you hook up
to it on your Wi-Fi and then you just
save them so you don't just like and
pull them to your computer and
everything which is so handy that's
original yes so many self this by the
way like look how shitty this material
is this is my desk it gets like slightly
damp but just like
peels and bubbles it's so crap the thing
again this disc cost $90 so what do I
expect really I need to might invest in
a nice proper one because this one is
just like so crappy and it just like you
get dust on it it it stains like that's
literally like dust it just doesn't come
off it's like the worst ever and it just
looks so minky
so if anyone has any recommendations for
really good like koala disks that aren't
too big like this is quite a small one
if you can see like if anyone has any
recommendations on where I can get a
really nice one like obviously don't
want to spend like heaps need some money
but you know I'm willing to spend much
more than $90 so you need some help yeah
yeah it's it you're right
Oh careful you're gonna lose your ball
no no lose it Hager usually he can do
this himself but sometimes he struggles
ghibli are you a good boy yeah most of
the time I'm just gonna make Oh every
day to vlog a like this just like a
random launcher like I've seen it once
in the past like he doesn't even destroy
them he literally just carries my sugars
around and then just like ditches them
but he de nieve atures them he just like
well actually he chewed one pair of my
shoes once but um yeah
I'm just having a protein shake for my
breakfast cuz yeah I'm just not hungry
but I need to just have something to
keep my body going boys sometimes I just
like if I don't eat even like it's like
I'm not hungry but then I won't ate
breakfast or lunch or something and they
don't crash in the afternoon I just feel
like absolute garbage like concentrate
on my work so like obviously my body
needs feel duh everyone's does like
skipping meals is not good but I don't
know you guys know how it is sometimes I
mean you're like just not hungry usually
I'm the opposite usually I'm hungry all
the time but you guys know how
it is when you're like not hungry not
interested in food and you just have to
like force yourself and it's just not
pleasant
this isn't sponsored or anything um it's
just one of my favorite like light snack
like you know like something to keep me
going that's not true I'm sprinkling it
everywhere it's not - I'm full on you
know does it make me feel sick either oh
my gosh where is that coming from
oh it's just it looks gross bitter
tastes so good this is the coconut
vanilla or something flavor but it
doesn't not taste like coconut mom just
sent me this picture of green deer
visiting so beauty and look how Indian
why it's the most ridiculous thing
you've ever seen her teeth as well
she's like a five year old child it can
do sorting wait because the seven years
today - I think I said something maybe
about it but um like my I upload and
then it only uploads in late 360 quality
or whatever it is like the real low
quality and it says it's finished per
ceasing so this is the third time I'm
uploading this it's just like a YouTube
like happen to my video used
tonight ends up losing like forgetting
20,000 usual something because of it
it's so pissed off but yeah so I'm
trying to upload this vlog and it's
proving to be really troublesome because
YouTube just does no one to cooperate
and upload it in HD which is annoying
lemon not uploading and shitty quality
it's so irritating
so if fingers cross the waves this time
it's lunchtime now I'm actually finally
hungry so I'm gonna make some excellent
Hurstville and I just haven't hit them
in a while even though like when I vlog
usually that's
but um yeah I'm excited and yes I've
purple stuff all over my face again I
pretty much do this every time I weigh
no makeup just cuz you know that's to
eliminate them they attempted to do a
messy bun it's just this ugly like
floppy thing on my head I don't even
know how people do me see buttons they
don't watch them zoella tutorials I
think yeah no sir
what
okay Lister the test youngs I love it
when it's hotter in the outside yeah so
perfect I am a professional chef what do
you got hmm zero given anyways um
this literally just arrived on my
doorstep Hotel the window her and this
huge box like huge yes let me go stand
next to it it's big even though Louie is
a small dog but you get it like it's
pretty big
it's past my knees so anyways it says
over me by tenth of the 14th / 14th 14th
I get so confused with American dates
for the 14th of the team and it was
currently the seven day it arrived late
sauce the perks of living across the
other side of the world right so I was a
dumbass and didn't a friggin press
record inside this giant box which I was
just saying like we're probably gonna
miss out on half of these by the time I
get this video up so what other vlogs
upload unfortunately but anyways this
demon takes birthday I had no idea Tyler
70 so yeah it's an info anyway I don't
know if this is still going by the time
you see this video cuz as I see it we
live all the way across the world anyway
they sent me a pinata I don't really
know how to get into it where you guys
think you probably can't eat what's in
here cuz your dogs I don't know if it's
food but I mean by the way he's reacting
I'm gonna assume what's that
huh he thinks it's a tree oh I see why
you want to get in here oh just smack
low in the head okay
don't we this no okay so we've got tight
shape tape light medium and light and
we've got two of the lights camera
lashes mascara so is she can't eat it
told you why are they so unbothered I
feel like they should hate this and they
really don't hate it and there's a
million different lollies it's like I so
check these one a jaw what do you think
okay now I'm gonna plant these you
cannot judge me because I'm really bad
at planting things but I'm gonna do it
we're gonna see if they stay alive
okay I don't even know if this is the
right stuff but it's what I'm using he
wants to help these Mel out not good
feel no don't half you cannot help
either you need to go away okay so I
just rent stuff the soil there got all
over them
what a mess I'm so bad at this but
anyway this is how they look so
hopefully they will continue to grow and
I shoved the little ends in to see if I
can curse them more succulents been
small pots around the house because they
are so pretty by the way if you go the
way house and want to buy this don't buy
it because it's cracked all the way down
to you a little bit correct
great great two sides so yeah not very
good quality I think it was when I was
pushing the soil down a little bit just
like weed oh well hopefully it doesn't
crack him all the way so every part it
again and then there's my little Goldy
why are you trying to annoy me why did
you want to teach in did you want to
teach in yes
nobody could why did she hate grow so
fast why is it cuz the way that's
getting warmer my her now so as far as
way faster when it gets warm hey new
trim your ideas yes
he's we do you yes you did you just
you're so cute like a dozers okay damn
he hit so camera-shy he hates it when I
put the camera in his face
sorry people just love users so we want
to show you
hey you famous you famous what you said
a couple of flow look at this annoying
short piece of it is a couple of Lux
today and a major video my divil
Halloween tutorial did some other bits
and pieces emails and all that wrong so
I think I'm going to take the rest of
the afternoon off it's almost 4 o'clock
and then make some dinner later on I
feel like stir-fry so I'm going to show
you guys how we make that it's really
easy
yeah I'm gonna play some statue belly
and lie on the couch cuz it's so nice
and warm in here the Sun has just come
into the lounge and hated the whole room
up it was so amazing
a little picture of my nails - it's so
pretty
make sure you guys check me out on
Instagram if you guys use an Instagram I
find it so hard to go on Instagram these
days like ever since they changed their
algorithms and then at the moment
they're going through and deleting all
the neck to the counts which is totally
fine I don't give a crap about that but
actually like finding your followers is
so difficult these days cuz it's just so
many pages trying to get noticed and
stuff like I guess I don't really try
hard enough I should really start using
more hashtags and so if I start using a
few hashtags sometimes but I don't know
it's just so full so we'll see I'm
starting to do more like Instagram
tutorials and stuff actually I might hit
one of them before I place Dodger
somebody puts on my cup while chatting
to the on reflection now you've got more
time for a second
the shade 6:30 the last I've been placed
touch your belly last time you cooked
enough my it was a little mini video of
my Pina Colada look for my Instagram -
so yeah so I'm making stir-fry but I'm
making it unhealthy I'm gonna have it
with some noodles rather than rice the
rice is slightly bit of you coz the nerd
was a he's a me groom
start so here's what I'm using using it
Bentley's forties creations and then I
feel these because you're doing a light
half the babe there and will eat them on
there and then
peck at each of my green and I like the
honey story about creation stock did I
say honey stop partner honey so it's
different
and some kitchenettes this is so quick
and easy
yeah they will Isaac also popping in
some edamame beans 10 minutes later
dinner is done
YUM in Hamish kiss more sir I'm doing a
face mask again tonight I'm doing a kind
of calming wine which is still going to
bet all the acting on my face has come
down a lot of like pop Funko I just
can't stop myself I don't know why it's
so good was not picking my skin for the
longest time now all this I'm gonna
start doing it anyway it's the Antipodes
you can tell I like this a lot
this is the or I'm in agony mask with
vanilla pod bacala bloom manuka honey
active at 20 plus so i find this really
moisturizing but it also helps to battle
acne with the manuka honey so it Sears
cleans deeply your skin spirit with this
luscious face mask that leaves skin sued
and intensively hydrated manuka honey
active 20 plus has potent antibacterial
properties to cleanse and help clear
blemishes bring peace and balance to
aura with divine fragrance fragrances a
vanilla pod in mandarin it smells so
good
suited for most skin conditions
especially blemish prone and dehydrated
which is the literally man a nutshell as
you guys know but yeah anyways it's
amazing and it actually has lasted a
long time I've used a load there's too
many five mil but anyways so yeah I'm
just doing this you'll see how it makes
my skin look by the morning every day my
skin's definitely looking a lot brighter
and more even it's just these real deep
breakouts I'm trying to battle which of
the hardest ones here at all is you know
cuz I'm more like hormonal and deep and
I hate them so much like here to like
almost go on my nose pretty much and
like yeah just a couple pop up on my
forehead I started taking these someone
my video they were like you're high
struggle with hormone imbalances and
everything I'm including like my
cortisol and bad periods and all sorts
of stuff and they all take Mecca again
so you still have this in my smoothies
it's like the powder but as you guys
know I haven't been having smoothies
every single day like you have them
occasionally but not every day so I
wanted the tablet form so I could take
them every day
see I got these and basically maca root
is to help balance your hormones and
stuff it's like a superfood it says here
support for hormone imbalance and
adrenal response which is exactly what I
need energy endurance and vitality
libido fertility sexual health and
minimum and healthy immune system which
are probably also need at the moment and
balance blood glucose levels Caribbean
that superfood grown at high altitudes
to ensure quality I used to just put it
in recipes I love to the flavor it's
kind of like a link to me I don't know
if you guys would agree but it's kind of
like a nutty chocolaty flavor which is
weird it's grown at higher altitudes to
a short quality rich in amino acids
complex carbohydrates essential fatty
acids fiber vitamins and minerals
mekka root supports healthy of momentum
balance in adrenal function again
there's what I need
traditionally valued is an endurance
food maker root supports natural
strength vitality stamina and mental
clarity which I would not mind so yeah I
mean I need taking them for like two
days so far okay
Sabu bid now I hope you guys liked
today's is like a fluffy ice maker would
you guys like today's look talk to you
answering buddy
