morning everyone I slept until 8:00 this
morning so so tired like so tired and
now it's the gem that didn't last long
today I only went for like 40 minutes or
something because I just don't have very
much energy today so I just went for a
power walk and did some weight training
and stuff maybe I will take the dog for
a walk later I don't know I've got
really business oh I'm having to us
breakfast it just popped I've got such
bad blisters on the back of my feet
which did not help the situation today
um yeah I'm just having one of those
like days right it's how many people
that doing anything so I'm having toys
for breakfast because it can't be
bothered making a smoothie and then
today soon we've got to drop off our
mister to get the tire fixed so know if
you remember me saying we went to go
I'll were on a fitness and it failed
because our tires like getting cut open
so we're getting net or fixed and
getting a wheel alignment so we can take
it back and get a warrant of fitness
because that's the car we take dogs in
so we haven't been able to take them to
like the park and stuff to go for walks
I'm going to be able to take them around
the block lately and soos hates walking
around the block like he hates it I
force him to it because he needs to be
exercised so got that and then I just
gotta eat it today I've got all those
videos I filmed yesterday so I'm just
gonna chill out
edit some videos do some emails and
catch up with stuff heaps of you guys
are wondering about my blood test
results as well but I haven't got them
back you so obviously let you guys know
when I get them back because I know a
lot of you are curious
oh I even know what I'm doing with my
life right now so like I think I'm
having another blood I think I might
just take it easy and just add a couple
videos and then blob out for a bit
because I'm so tired my new muscle fuel
meals haven't arrived yet the ones that
are in the fridge right now I've been
expired like I ate them even though they
were expired I know so many people angry
at me for throwing out a meal the other
day but I hated it and Hamish hated it
so no one was going to eat it and I
wasn't going to feed it to my dogs so
that's why I threw it in the pit but the
ones in the fridge right now have been
expired for like I think about five or
six days so I don't know if I should
really be eating it because it is like
meat chicken lots of you are saying like
I'm eating too much meat and everything
I'm just eating these meals and it seems
to work and fine I'm not a fan of eating
meat for every single meal either well I
mean I don't have it for breakfast but I
wish they offered like vegetarian meals
on the muscle of your website so it
we do that like a few times a week as
well cuz yeah I'm I agree I don't think
eating meat every single lunch and
dinner is very good but I don't know
I'll figure it out I guess this whole
like drew cosmetics
drama is so frustrating like what my new
video my birthday videos someone's like
saying don't buy from them and then
saying like all the stuff about the
products and horror stories and saying
that Thoreau no called so and ugliest
person should ever seen which first
apparently what she'd said was ugly
personality not ugly person because
apparently the original video where
someone was like hating on dry cosmetics
so hardcore like so she was like you've
got an ugly personality which probably
shouldn't have happened but I mean it's
a lot different than calling somebody
ugly and then saying like oh Shannon and
every other youtuber that works with
Jarek was an exercise a contract say
good things about them like no I have
never signed a contract with any company
saying that I'll only ever say good
things about them ever never I wouldn't
never do that that's just ridiculous I'm
allowed my own opinion I happen to
really like drivers because obviously
that's why do the lip gloss what the
majors ago just frustrates me when
people like just take rumors and run
with them without actually like having
an open minds like I'm not saying what
she did was great or anything but make
your own opinion don't just jump on a
bandwagon and just hate on everyone I
know they hate so people aren't using
drag Cosmetics now and that's up to you
just like with any other company you
don't want to use Jack Smith it's
totally fine and if you don't want to
subscribe to my channel or support me
anymore because I use drag because Mia
it's totally your opinion but I mean I
actually genuinely like the products
I've purchased from drug cosmetics
myself as well
and more recently obviously I get sent a
lot of stuff but I like the stuff that
I've got and that's why I use it like
I've used drug spirits for so long and
like it just pisses me off when people
like hey don't be afraid like I'm sorry
but I do like it it's not just because I
have a lip gloss with them like I liked
dragon explore that it's not about that
it's just frustrating if you don't like
once for me that it's totally up to you
as I said I was going to write a reply
to this girl but I just
like I'm just going to get hated on on
it like no matter what I can't win
everyone's just like Bronte and rape me
in the call me that's it just makes me
want to delete the entire three but they
don't hope people are gonna get angry at
me for doing that as well so it's just
like huh I don't know guys I hate drama
I really do I'm still craving scones so
I might go the super I can get
ingredients I'm so tired and I just feel
like today oh I I don't even feel
like doing anything but I have to cuz
that's life
the speaking is gonna be good too like
we've got no plans which I enjoy because
it means I can relax just got back from
dropping off the car to get the tires
face and the will alignment and
everything and since those meals in the
future really really really expired if I
get some fresh ball for lunch the stuff
is like so freaking good I'm excited I'm
gonna hit a shower yet I still have to
finish it as in yesterday's vlog and
they don't think I've ever shower after
that and just blob yeah Zeus is hopeful
okay I'm in heaven right now and I'm
watching Come Dine With Me
does he know one has to love this
program it's so good I love it
what is this see your Becca do you still
love it is it still your favorite okay
Oh what do we have here huh did he take
my shoes errs yes you smiling
having one of those days where I just
feel like lying in bed and watching
YouTube and ignoring all of the stuff
that I am supposed to be doing this food
is amazing and I'm so full like this is
filled me out no I'm deep fried struggle
is so real today look at him he's so
cute he's getting a haircut next week
and so wounded Louie's not gonna hear
case get his nails done mmm my bag I
love you I love you
mmm let me tell you about some stuff
that's happening I'm going up to
Auckland next week I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to upload daily I'm going
to try but I don't know if I can because
I will be in a hotel for like four or
five days I'm not sure sometimes they
have like really good internet but
sometimes it's like a million dollars
for like a small amount and my vlogs are
usually like 1 or 2 gig age so I don't
know if I'm gonna be able to upload
daily but if not I'll just upload a
bunch of videos when I get back and then
I'm going to Sydney like two weeks or
something with Hamish just for a weekend
so I will be vlogging that but I'm
actually working with visa on that video
it's like a travel video for visa so I'm
only uploading once over that amount of
time because when I'm traveling and the
internet might be bad and I want to
enjoy myself so I'll upload the videos
like when I get home and I've got
another trip coming up which isn't set
in stone yet but it's like it should be
happening
with a friend of mine not the one with
Cal it was still trying to organize that
a different one with one of my YouTube
friends so I'll let you know more about
that eventually when it's like set in
stone lots of stuff happening I'm kind
of getting a little bit overwhelmed and
I think that's why I'm so like blase
today is because I'm like stressing out
a little bit I'm one of those people
that when I get real stressed all I want
to do is like curl up on the couch and
just cry not actually like do anything
proactive to like you know distress oh
my gosh look at this
he is so cute
what are you doing Lily I've just been
like last half-hour reading up on humans
of New York which is that Facebook page
I mentioned the other day and it's a
really really really sad story running
so I just donated some money so if any
of you have like any money at all that
spare I'll link humans of New York and
the donation page so you can read up on
it and decide if it's something you'd
like to donate to it was like so
heartbreaking so how many is worth so
much more to them like they get like
they get ripped off the negiah page you
know they would like no money so
anything you can afford like makes a
massive difference to them Brandon from
humans of New York has already raised
like 2.2 million dollars and four days
like how crazy is there but all of this
money is going to go to such a good
cause so I will link it down below so
this is what the page looks like if
you're curious I'll put the link in the
downbar one of my viewers said it's her
birthday on the 21st which should be
while you're watching this a New Zealand
anyway so happy birthday Sarah out beer
I don't know if that's how you pronounce
your name I'm sorry but I hope you have
an amazing day so I'm on this website s
CK and I'm like drooling over this like
I want it so bad I don't know if it
would suit me though and it's kind of
pricey
because this is just for the top and
then I think you buy the pants
separately for 145 dollars I want it so
bad but I just don't know if I'd ever
wear it in my size like nah it's in my
size too sometimes I'm like if it's not
in my size it's not meant to be and then
I feel better but it's in my size so now
I'm like oh good what do I do kind of
just like online right now I just
finished editing at tomorrow's video we
should probably almost be up so I'll
give you guys a sneak peek I think these
are be hot just saying these are
incredible so yeah that should be up
later today by the time you're watching
this video or it might already be up I
don't even know so yeah just it is it
there and then I'm trying to figure out
what videos to put up next weeks I do
have a lot in my little video Bank you
can see a sneak peak here as well
most of these already up this will need
that one that hasn't gone up that one
hasn't gone up
with one more that one hasn't gone up
that one hasn't gone up and that one
hasn't gone up so I've got lots to
choose from for next week and I've also
got those for videos I should be using
right now just booked my flights for
Sydney Australia so we're hitting over
on the weekend of the fifth of September
so that'll be cool to vlog for you guys
if you've got any cool activities you
think we should do let us know come on
come see me hi
look at that fine specimen Oh falling
off the couch it's your lucky day we've
got some beef jerky here but just
superior cuts are you excited out set
stay
join another one so my Nana sent me at
the most basic of her scone recipes so
I'm gonna make some scones I am NOT
eating while today and I'm just having
such a like average day you've got to
treat yourself right so I've just
preheated the oven at 200 degrees
Celsius on fan bake I think your skewers
at the messy kitchen I couldn't tie it
up in a while so first you need 2 cups
of self-raising flour make sure your
hands are clean too guys oh I'm not very
good at like oh I'm not very good at
baking I don't know what to do
hold on we can fix this
one cup if there's chance bit out bad we
all know why I'm not there good at this
I'm good at like stuff that doesn't
really involve flour and sugar and stuff
like more natural baking because I'm so
bad when it comes to like flowers and
then you want a tablespoon and then this
is the part I hate you've got to like
rub it in until it all kind of just like
mixes I guess so hopefully that's right
and then she reckons you put in two
tablespoons of sugar then I never drink
cow's milk but she says you get a cup of
this in so you don't get it all at once
she said gradually and again because you
don't want to make it wet mmm
should I be using a spoon probably I'm
fine it baking what I know what I'm
doing but like with stuff I've never
made before I'm not so good like once I
make this a couple more times I'll be
like on fire and you'll be like wow
Shannon you're so good at baking but
when you see me do it for the first time
like right now it's just like a mess
okay I'm gonna use my fingers I feel
like it's gonna be easier do you guys
ever think about baking and think like
wow how did people come up with this
neck in the day like why did someone
just think that - like mill up some
wheat like it just looks like a weed and
then like what made someone think to add
sugar and baking soda like with a baking
soda come from not I mean it's so weird
okay I think we've nailed it guys it is
a little bit wet though I just add in
like more flour
okay she said to put down a little bit
more flour on the baking sheet or the
baking tray to do I'm going to make some
like sausage shapes and then like cut it
up how big do you make them I don't know
we may end up with like some monster
scones because I don't know what I'm
doing right now she says to put them on
for 10 to 15 minutes and then she wrote
in capital letters don't let them burn
so I've done ten minutes for now I'll
show you what they look like soon
okay so it's been ten minutes oh my god
they look like they're working but Nanay
did it
I hope they taste nice we'll taste them
soon right so I've got my little baby's
gone I lift all the big ones there some
butter and strawberry jam mmm eat all of
these have you just had a bath right off
the beard now get down
this guy's really really crazy after he
has a bath where is he
what are you doing listen to the little
piglet snort snort snort snort snot
excuse me what are you doing what are
you doing up there you're wet yes
you're so funny what a grumpy you look
so cute though look at you now Louise
been dried here so funny
Louie does initially mind bio so I am
using this one again the black-haired
out white plate it's kind of weird to
talk I put up my chin as well because I
get really gunky in my pores sometimes
this is that a face shot and Louise
asleep on my lap okay cutie is I know
you guys like watching me in pain
there's no reason so I mean how much
about two what trail of hot boys hey
wish you should pull it off for me
mm-hm it's sore no you see what you oh
okay I'm almost done
oh my gosh low Louise tongues out what's
up here what's this
dammit it's not dry there
Wow okay little Louis three sizes
because I can't stand just one size
another thing that I want all I got you
to look at all of those Wiggles okay
calm down D come buddy oh don't look at
that oh that's so neat is this oh my god
breathing heavy I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I am going to rinse my face
now and go to sleep I hope you guys have
a good day
oh good night or whatever time of day to
you look how will it talk to you
tomorrow
hopefully good bye
