everyone so today Smitty is protein pala
mango coconut and almond milk because I
ran out of almond milk mixed berries
banana and lots of spinach as you can
see
this is very thick so today I am going
to film sorry if I sound a little bit
blur I'm a little bit tired again today
um I'm gonna go for sure now and then
I'm gonna film I'm gonna film my putting
on makeup because I've got to get a
passport photo today I think me and
Hamish you're just gonna do it at home
we did has at home so we're gonna try
and do it at home so I'm gonna like fill
my makeup for that it's just gonna be
like a natural like my face but better
makeup I guess and then I'm also going
to maybe from an empties video cuz I
have a ton of empties it may be that
misguided wall can't decide if I'm gonna
do it all I might just do it because
it's a bit of fun to watch and people
seem to really like my holes and then
mascota always has good stuff online
anyway by the way what happened with
misguided was basically I ordered
probably like a month and a half ago I
order off misguided a lot like I've
probably ordered like eight times in the
past and had no problems at all so I
will still purchase from them I feel
like a lot of big companies always have
these kind of glitches and gloops and
half of them a terrible look like
helping you because there's probably
like a million emails and their sister
me anyway so I emailed them and I was
like hey I'm just wondering where my
parcel is like I've been waiting for
about three or four weeks now you know
I've ordered from you all a lot in the
past and I'm just worried that it's
gotten lost or something
no more like hair please like look at
your tracking number blah but which I
should have said in the first email I
had looked at I was like hey I've
changed my tracking number but it says
that the number is invalid like it's not
coming up in the system on the website
and then they're like higher please go
to this website and check your tracking
number so I did it I was like okay it's
still not working like I would really
appreciate some help maybe you could
like hole up your carriers and like try
to figure it out for me and then they
get an email like hiya how did it go
like did you find your tracking numbers
like no and then I didn't hear back and
then I emailed them again also hey I'm
just wondering with this package of the
game like I can't check the tracking
number because it's not working and I
really just want to find out where the
package is because you know it could be
in customs or something and I could be
like boys to be paying money but I don't
know no it's just like so confusing and
then I were just like they just keep
saying the same things over and over
like hi please go to this website check
your tracking number like
oh my god and it wasn't just like an
automated message but I think the
problem was like different people were
emailing me so like obviously they had
no idea what's happening you know it was
just like oh my god like all I need you
to do is bring up your carriers and try
to like locate this package then
eventually like some pissed they gave me
a different tricky number than what was
all my order inches like this is your
package it says it's in your country
that should arrive soon I was like okay
that's like that doesn't sound right but
okay did it finally arrive so you know
it was a little bit stressful oh my god
because usually when I stuff around like
awake and this was like a month I was
like okay it's differently Wallace I
speak quite a bit like I spent a few
hundred dollars I was like really
looking pulled some of the stuff like I
was like I'm gonna go splurge on this
guiding get like all the things I've
been buying out lately cuz I always like
browse on there but never like buy stuff
while I do buy stuff but you know and
then I was like okay I'm finally gonna
buy the stuff I've been looking at for a
while before like it's out stock and you
know before it's discontinued or
whatever you know I'd do anything that
happened I was like no why
hey guys it's time for an update it is
108 p.m. I have just filmed three videos
so far today I'm like on a roll the
lighting is quite good today because
it's really cloudy and it's like
bucketing down with rain outside it's
like awful awful awful weather but it's
good for filming so I did a Jeffrey
Stehr lip swatch video I'm not sure when
it's gonna go out because I've got a lip
swatch video going up on Friday this way
so I like to kind of like even the mat
like I like to spread them out a little
bit so it's not too repetitive I also
filmed an empties video just now like
check this out it's the worst and I
filmed my possible makeup which I didn't
wear a black lipstick for my passport
photo I believe it or not yeah it did
all that and now I'm gonna film that
misguided hold very quickly and I think
it'll take long so there's only like ten
pieces or something it's ten past one
right now so I should have had lunch and
I'm really hungry but I'm just trying to
like get everything finished first and
take advantage of the light while I can
it's a really bad habit so I'm gonna
film the whole really really really fast
as fast as I can and then eat what do
you think of the black lipstick I'm like
actually a massive fan of black lipstick
but I don't know if I can pull it off
okay it is
him Oh menu videos up and I've been
filming for the last few hours I just
finished now I'm gonna go have some
lunch and I guess I will reply to some
comments on my new video can you see
they've got some packages and desserts
here's my lunch today it is a steamie
it's broccoli beans kumara which is
sweet potato if you don't live in New
Zealand pumpkin potato and chicken thigh
so I'm just gonna eat this now and eat
it mother look and then I'll probably
eat at one or two of those videos I
filmed today as well so here's my
passport photo isn't it awkward like how
one side of my face is so much droopier
than the other side it's so weird one of
my eyebrows is way higher like this is
me doing a complete like normal face
like staring straight what's the camera
I like not moving my eyebrows at all so
weird
hey guys so it's actually 7 p.m. and I
just went to the gym again with Hamish
tonight I don't know I was feeling so
energetic like this morning I was so
sluggish and tired and then I just had
this like bursts of energy so I thought
I'd go for another walk run and I did
like a bunch of work off my phone at the
gym so I'm just finishing off my
passport now because I had to get a
person to be my like a reference
hopefully my pitch is okay I'm having
this meal again for dinner same thing
alright so since today's vlogs been
pretty uneventful because I've just been
working filming all day and jimang I
thought I'd show you what I got in the
mail um sorry begin here the dishwasher
the dish water is on and it's very noisy
so we've got something from it Mac in
this box we've got some pixie stuff and
we have some ASOS stuff so obviously
there's a soul stuff is the stuff I
ordered the other night I'll show you
what's in here first so I got a bunch of
clothing which I'll show you in a second
and some shoes or there's something else
in there I want to show you the shoes
with the tether look yeah it's so pretty
just like plain black with the white
sole oh my gosh they look so nice these
are the woman's Nike MD runner - if
you're curious I didn't end up getting
any of the Eddie - ones because they
didn't have
the patent that I really really really
wanted in my size they only had like a
size too big and a size too small so I
was like no I'll just get the black ones
and these go with like everything as
well when I don't have a black pair like
a plain black pair I've got like hard-up
black and white ones but none like this
I think they're really cool and then for
clothing I got this follow me t-shirt
which I thought was quite cute just for
like casual and cuz you know I'm a
youtuber I thought it was kind of penny
and then I got some more gym workout
stuff I couldn't help myself
I love gym clothing this one's an adidas
top with like liquid print on the back
and then I got a Nike one just like a
t-shirt at loose t-shirt and then I also
got a hoodie because I don't have a
hoodie at the moment that's quite thick
like this like this is a really warm one
I've only got those thin ones so I
thought I'd get a thicker hoodie for
when it's cold outside and I want to
take the dog for a walk or like whatever
I don't really wear hoodies that often
but when I'm exercising they're quite
handy with the pockets and everything
and then I got this dress which just has
like the tire but the freighters whole
tie up thing seems to be very on trend
lately but now that I'm like feeling the
February the fabric doesn't feel that
nice it feels kind of like I don't know
I'm just weird but we'll see how it
looks on I guess I got this dark blue
denim jacket which I'm obsessed with I
cannot wait to wear this I think it'll
look so cool and then the last thing I
got was this bodysuit which I just
realized as a tall range and I am by no
means tall my torso is like below
average size like I have a very very
short torso in long legs and I'm short
so I don't think this is gonna fit me
but if it doesn't I'll just go to Sally
or something and she can wear it it's
such a nice color though I'm obsessed
okay moving on some stuff from pixie
okay so in the pixie box there is this
glow toner
it's a exfoliating toner so I guess
that'll be interesting to try them and
then last but not least we have some Mac
goodies it must be a new collection
coming out okay
oh roses yeah oh they're actually real I
thought that was faiths odds this
collection I hope I don't have these
Tory Day because remember the other day
I showed you the ones that I ordered
already
when is this
out in New Zealand now $44 and they are
out on September the 7th so it's 9 p.m.
and I've just been lying in bed for the
last arrow so not just being on my phone
doing some social media and replying to
comments and tweets and stuff and
catching up on life online
so last night I said we're going to
watch the end of Trailer Park Boys but
we didn't end up watching it we ended up
watching an episode of idiot I'm an
idiot
abort is that what it's called something
like that it's so funny I feel like
you've got to be the kind of person that
doesn't take a fits the things though if
you want to watch that show I feel like
you know how some people get a little
bit too offended by things like I feel
that kind of person you're quite
sensitive to like people's opinions on
cultures and stuff like that then it
might not be for you but I thought it
was so funny I'm like stuttering right
now pretty tied now the gym workouts
have caught up on me and I'm ready to
curl up and go to sleep and also last
night we played some of that game what's
called that game we played last night I
can't say that one we say what I'm not
watching it we started playing it and
it's really fun so far we just caught up
and bed together and played on the PS
Vita but all those games you like search
for stuff and you talk to people and
like it's like a visual novel mystery
it's kind of like novel mixed with yeah
like what have you said the gameplay and
I think I'm not sure because we haven't
got that part but I think you have to
figure out who's killing people and
stuff like that that's like 15 people
yes to the school then like ultimate
baseball players or ultimate singers
ultimately cool yeah and then luckily
you won this competition where you got
to go along as well even though you're
not all smelling anything the stands are
stupid
then you get trapped in the school
you're trapped in the school and then to
get out of the school you gotta kill
someone you have to kill someone and so
everyone's like either 11 the school
forever or you kill someone to get out
and basically what's gonna happen is
like people are gonna start killing each
other or coming other people but they've
got to do it when and they're not
letting it caught so I guess you've got
to figure out who did it so that they
don't get out if you get caught you get
killed you don't get to leave the school
but if you don't get caught you get
elated we're making it sound really lame
but it's actually fun slavers yeah yeah
look it up but here's a few of my video
yesterday lifts comments saying it's a
really cool game but it's a bit weird
again den again romper romper it's
actually pretty good I like it so far so
I'm excited to continue that still gonna
finish Trailer Park Boys gotta find the
movie Idiot Abroad is really good
definitely watch it and this game so far
is really good man hey Misha Lake
playing so many different games at the
moment like swimming we just like to
start like finishing wait what Hamer's
just given me six I would say like it's
just my language just I like so much
it's my language I can't help it I
couldn't stop if I tried we just try to
notice I can your your master you won't
say honestly like just like just when
you're thinking instead of saying like I
don't think I think it's the thinking
thing there's not a thing I don't think
you just taught everything should I say
almonds dude that's gonna be Jones away
well I'm just pause and I can't even
think what I'm saying it just happens
okay try and do the rest of this vlog
without saying like I can't go I'm going
to be goodnight done I can't be the only
one gonna be over no not really
I bet they will now though no probably
like Shannon oh my god you say like so
much just try and not do it and you'll
teach yourself motto just try and keep
talking well this is why I can't do like
look this is why I can't do not like
this is why I can't do continue on with
what you're saying
live pinholes and things
because you get to because I'd be like
family like yeah I think you say like
when you lose in the night before yeah
but I also stutter
I also go really yeah but it's just to
screw up that's when you just know by
actually like can't like I do it and
then I'm over and then I get all
tongue-tied and it's like Blair does you
and John talk so quickly yeah I talk too
fast sometimes I try to talk slower but
it's not trying to hate I'm just saying
that's probably why happens because you
do it quick and then I get nervous and I
figured what I'm saying is I'm saying it
because you're trying I think I need to
go I honestly like if there's such a
thing is shut up if there's such a thing
as voice like speech training I think I
would benefit from that because I format
lids well done you pause it was over I'm
very self-conscious now don't be
self-conscious I'm just trying to help
Betty Brown's gonna call me an asshole
yeah hey restarting deck you are such a
dick yeah just kidding anyway I'm
actually gonna go to sleep now well I
don't know if I'm gonna I'm probably not
gonna go to sleep right now but I think
this shut up my blog is just so weird
today I don't even know what I've done
well I dunno what I've done you've been
working all day
I know I've been working and exercising
and that's it like I feel like I haven't
even stopped all day there's you can go
like that is your choice no it's a good
I feel like it's good to something yeah
I have I'm having timeout right now I'm
literally just a little baby
actually I'm still working technically
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog I'm enjoying reading your comments
every single day I have been reading
them stop how much is waiting for me as
they like you got hearing you're going
Chuck you're annoying me I'm funny
photos shut up isn't swearing
doesn't matter just ignore me so make
sure you continue going down below so I
can read them I read
I feel like you're a teacher teacher
this is what teachers would do you it's
like it just came when you're trying to
read it story boy yeah I read them while
I'm at the gym it's great fun this is
sounding very unauthentic right now
because I'm trying so hard not to say
things thank you for your nice commutes
and follow me on Twitter if you're not
yet because I've just been obsessed with
Twitter lately and I love chatting with
you guys on there so yeah I hope you
guys have a good day
did you tell them what you had for
breakfast and stuff like that Keith I
know Tory reminds me I'm going now I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog I
feel like this is the third time I've
said this so I'm just throwing things at
me now
no I'm what goodnight say goodnight yeah
bye guys
