maybe we need to go wake up Nana we need
to go wake up Nana come on come out good
morning everyone so today I'm gonna go
get a blood test is actually like 8
o'clock in the morning 820 now I slipped
them a little bit today because I didn't
want to go the gym before my blood test
because I think me am I gonna go to
breakfast after the blood test so I
figured it's probably more sensible if I
go to the gym later today rather than
tire myself out this morning they might
sound weird to some of you but those of
you who know I am absolutely terrified
of like injections and blood tests and
things like I don't know like I'll be
fine
beforehand but then when I'm there I
just panic and exhaust myself and it's
just like a bad scenario so well I'd
wait until later to go to the gym I
really came to go to the gym today it's
actually an awful day it's like really
cloudy a myth I don't really have that
much work to do today so yeah I'm just
going to spend some time with my mom
this morning go to the gym and then just
finish off at me emails and stuff I have
to do um and yeah that's about it today
oh wait it used today's vlog hey Lilly
sit good so yeah I'm gonna go wake up
mom cuz she's still asleep she can go
have a shower I haven't showered yet cuz
I'll have a shower after the gym
and then I guess we'll get going I might
do a little bit of makeup as well not
too much though cuz gym I feel weird
going to the gym with lots of makeup on
like I feel like it's just a melting off
my face alright so for my makeup today
on my lips I have a little bit of this
color popplets the dogs are being so
noisy by me there's colour-pop lipstick
in Fame it's just like an ode um the
tiniest amount of that plus a little bit
of this Chanel lip gloss and this is in
the shade 54 Liberty Liberty I don't
know why Morello actually got me this is
a gift
so thanks Chloe I also have my color pop
X oh I shadow on it's a highlight and on
my inner corner this is from the shinnok
so color pop collection so make sure you
get in quick so you don't miss out it is
gonna be limited oh it is a limited
edition so that's what I've got on my
highlight and inner corner now George
Armani luminous silk and
I have mixed to do a powder on top of
that my memory card filled up again and
then as my bronzer contour color I've
got the Charlotte Tilbury film start
yellow and then I have a little bit of
skin food sitting spray this is the skin
food read orange makeup finish glossy
type I and my mascara is a L'Oreal my
hair looks really bad because it's so
crazy sprayed some dry shampoo in and
then tied it up in a ponytail because
I'm just going to the gym and a couple
hours I don't really want to wash it
because it's just gonna get greasy again
so I do after the gym it's and packages
arrive why not look at what's inside
hose that's something I can show you oh
my god guys I forgot to show you this
look at what lo he did to my glasses I
was so angry that my favorite glass is
when look they will shoot up yeah you
look at him he doesn't even kiss yeah
that's what I thought
here is some more to add to your
collection clear this is from makeup
coatings eh what's inside
oh it's Martha I'm Geoffrey star liquid
lipsticks I'll have to do a swatch video
I must have like almost all of them now
I've been wanting to do a lip swatch
video on these I know Sally did one
recently but those feel like we did not
do anything it wasn't us
got some muster from colour-pop 90's
collection so there's lots of lippie
stix and looking pencils and then
adventure washers man they must have
like a million colours by now I swear oh
look at this one hold go power yes I
love colors like this like row bright
oranges and I just started row brown
oranges and light terra cotta colors
love and we've got some Japanese candy
oh my gosh that looks scary oh my gosh
I'm sure I've tried these in Korea and
they were amazing I hope they're the
same yay so I'll just leave you doing
some more candy train videos soon I've
got Japanese candy and we've also got
some Korean candy as well well it's not
really all candy it's kind of like chips
and candy
snacks and stuff I've also been meaning
to show you this book that Sally made me
don't you love the cover if you watched
my what was that it was Amy's 21st the
vlog that's called Amy's 21st that's
where I like almost Oh crying when she
gave it to me because it was like so
cute so she's made me this photo album
Shannon happy birthday some of my
favorite photos and memories to
celebrate you're the best I hope you
have an amazing day and get spoiled and
Sully hashtag gorgeous prom which is our
hashtag when we pretend I'm not a giant
and you're not a shorty we were standing
I was like two steps higher and then
 was like on the ground and we're
just about the same height why does my
hair look green
drunken selfies as if taking a photo in
code smash wasn't bad enough week then
it got photobombed and my bra was
showing through the flesh oh my gosh
these are some of our favorite selfies
we did such a good selfie day this day
oh my gosh that was at stereo sonic and
then this was at my place one time oh my
gosh look at my face in this one who do
I think I am I didn't even know it's so
many selfies together oh my god what am
i doing that was like the first time we
hung out at my house in Oakland and that
was the first time we ever met and Jim's
in the background photo bombing and then
there's lots of space for later oh my
gosh Sally I love you you are the best I
just opened up all of the clothing from
misguided I might actually film a haul
for you guys even though the stuff on
the website might not even be there I
don't know I'm gonna have to check
because there's so much and I love like
what I chose so maybe I'll do a whole
but only yeah if it's online because if
it's not online still there's not really
any point I don't know you guys let me
know I just did up the Tetris on the
fridge and I did it with lots of gaps to
annoy John because John is ridiculously
good at Tetris so this will drive them
nuts it will be like why did you leave
gaps so now me and mom are getting ready
to hit off mums just picking away all of
their stuff for the Women's Refuge and
to her pad they're so loud so yeah we've
got a little bit stuff to donate and
then we're going to get blood tears so
noisy and then we are getting breakfast
brunch
look how cute my shoes are lit from this
guided this is a very unflattering angle
of fate now I've got my Prada bag and
then this dress is try misguided and
this cardigan is from hot mom
when my dad got me this for my 25th no
not my 21st he got me this way how old
was I when he got me this what was it
last year and then I'm wearing some
rings that Hamish got me your hand
all right darling it's quick and easy
then we'll go have yummy breakfast what
do you want for breakfast I love that
ring that helps Katya isn't it Kate she
knows rings from Hamish Watson focus
here I remember when you held my hand
when I had my test oh you done oh yeah
hmm I know sometimes I I swear you feel
it more than others
did me and mum got our blood tests done
and I was pretty brave to admit I did a
lot better than the last one I had um it
didn't actually hurt too bad I feel like
it feels different every single time
it's really good
mama it's a little bit nether and I'm
really hungry and I feel a little bit
like heated so we're gonna go get some
breakfast I don't know where we're going
but I'll show you we're gonna try the
gallery for brunch hopefully it's good
this is where we went the other night
for dinner me and Hamish and it was
really um so I'm looking forward to it
Thank You Larry
yeah just looks amazing
open sandwich smoked chicken mr. le
cranberry brie and bacon MP true spinach
you know we finished breakfast lunch
brunch it wasn't a very brief this TV
thing to get but I just I don't know I
go through these phases with it's like
sometimes I love them like poached eggs
for anybody who's fried eggs on toast
like you know I love it but they'd like
at the moment I'm just like when I think
about the texture of an egg it's like I
go back and forth I just don't even know
if I like eggs anymore
so mums just gone into the jeweler I
bought her a ring a while ago and one of
the stones fell out or something so
she's just had it fixed so she's doing
that and I wanted to end the car because
feel very drained I don't know that's
because of the blood gas stuff because
my period or like walk but I feel like
exhausted and tired like the other day
like on Friday
I just wanted to curl up in a ball and
go to sleep I guess I'll just see how I
feel I really want to go to the job I'd
be enjoying it so much lately I don't
remember if I told you yesterday I went
a few times down the road just gone on
the treadmill for like an hour straight
doing like half running half power
walking and then I do like hardcore
incline and like power walk on the
incline it's really good for you but
yeah I've been actually enjoying it like
I'm starting to enjoy running a little
bit more now that you guys gave me those
tips like I think the thing that's
helped me the most is just controlling
my breathing and trying to breathe
slower rather than go
like kind of like control the breathing
and also just I've been running a little
bit slower even though I was awkward at
first because I'm kind of bitter at
running then like jogging
I guess I'm started like drug-running
that the speeds a little bit more like
manageable to go for a longer amount of
time combined with the breathing and
everything I just find it a little bit
easier and then yeah the power walking
is just really good as well
notice my legs have turned up so much as
well like my calf muscles and my thighs
have gotten a lot stronger like the
muscle definition and everything so
that's cool so yeah I guess I'll just
see what happens
I've got a few emails on my phone
already done a few I'm just on my phone
emails a few that I have to do at home
as well
I have anything to
I really felt like filming when I woke
up this morning I feel like filming but
I couldn't really cuz we were rushing
around to do the blood test so I think
tomorrow might go to the gym early and
then film tomorrow maybe like some
tutorials and stuff I don't know yet it
looks like eating healthy today is just
going out the window
hamish just takes me and he's like don't
go there Jeff a nice place for dinner
any movies after that's like okay and
just don't melt cosmetics now I'm gonna
try and pick up the new collision load
oh my god what's happening so I'm
getting the nerd collection and then
I'll just get any I don't have yet I
think all the ones I don't have it out
of stock why me maybe I'll get their eye
shadows the way I don't have dark room
and I think I've blitzed either
I've got below I really want to do like
a swatch video when I have all of them
show me is that when I brought myself
what did you they prepared or yeah cute
I'm I mean this this is the one that you
brought me for Mother's Day it lost a
little period of it
yeah pretty yeah number so we've got a
little boxes of goods and mums just
dropping them off at the woman's refuge
this is what the outside of the building
looks like yeah
look who it hey someone's sunbathing
with this burger he loves that thing
he's already destroyed half of it
see this fluff and all of this fluff
that all came out of that burger
okay so Hamish and I are gonna go to the
gym together in about an hour and a half
or two hours or so so in the meantime
I've just it as a fuse today's vlog and
now I am going to take the dogs for
another walk it's not quite as hot as
yesterday which is probably a good thing
for Zeus because he gets quite hot as
always I'm just saying the dogs for a
walk around the block so I'll see you
guys later
so I got picked from the gym about half
an hour ago it's 10:00 to 4:00 in the
afternoon and I'm only just having lunch
my whole schedule is like messed up so
today I'm just having it the chicken
meatballs Brown pasta and green
vegetables this is like really hippy you
know at the moment I'm just doing some
emails it is hang some descriptions of
videos and I am doing some social media
stuff me and me and Hamish you're going
out for dinner at about 6:30 tonight I'm
so excited it's one of my favorite
restaurants so I'm excited to show you
guys
I just did my makeup for dinner tonight
quickly cuz we've gotta leave in like
two minutes
I hope all my lips are wearing bound by
colour-pop Philippe's stick I am where
you'll never guess what I'm wearing on
my face my like foundation who's been
watching me since the beginning I'm
wearing this oh my gosh this is the leo
Ali triple the solution BB cream and
I've just got mixture if it's powder on
top I didn't do any conceal or anything
don't enough time I just did better than
sex mascara like one layer I did one
layer of brow plumper by L'Oreal and
then the contour highlight kit by
Charlotte jewelry so just quickly here's
my outfit this top here I think is from
whitefox boutique I think it was in my
Hall wasn't it and then my Prada bag
these shoes are from the brand junk food
from wild pit and then they shows here
from bits so we're on our way - yeah -
tonight and if you don't know what yatta
is it's basically a Japanese restaurant
and it's in the form of lei you order a
few meals together in the new share so
like the bigger the group of the better
obviously it's just mayonnaise going
tonight I'm so yeah you just order a
bunch of the small dishes and then you
share everything and the food is just
really really delicious and a favorite
thing that is the favorite is yes
Table one I died era I really liked the
gallery too I mean it's a breakfast yet
I think we should go to bed very good
the good thing about this restaurant
it's like completing themes yeah it's a
really cool place to go it's just quite
expensive yeah it's pretty expensive it
is but what you can do like because I
remember going back when I worked in a
deli encounter and would all go as a
group for work and we just say okay we
want to spend roughly like $25 each and
then they would like help us like figure
out what to get but yeah if everything
is the salmon croquettes
it's like salmon cream cheese potato
croquettes or something and there's so
really the sense of disgust yeah they
started ranked they were meat they're
literally like I could eat them all day
long
no I think we might have you might have
seen this in Hamish's vlogs already I
can't remember if we've like shown it
before
I'm surely of sugar maybe we recorded it
and we've done that love it
Oh No maybe here's what it looks like
from the outside anyway I'm gonna try
one of these and I don't know what it is
might get feet Joey I love plum wine I
got that last time and it's really good
what Susie who's I was some Elizabeth
ego yeah I'm gonna get the feature all
one so what beer did you get support
that's like it's a trap
Hamish likes to try new biz when we go
out it's not too full that's a feed Joe
or something
it's really good it's good this is the
beef and it's basically kind of like
blue cooked things with like garlic and
soy sauce and stuff it's so good
we've also got some sushi they just keep
bringing it out to yours you're like
eight yeah
so there's sushi where we had just
chicken teriyaki sushi and then seaweed
salad which is like one of mine and
Hamish's favorites i love seaweed salad
where the salmon carcass these are the
most amazing things on the planet now
see how like gooey they are on the
inside that's so nice so we just
finished today and I think we're just
going to skip the movies tonight because
there's nothing amazing on and we're
just going to go home and watch the rest
of Trailer Park Boys because we're
almost finished and everything we ate
tonight was amazing so there is tonight
done basically we're gonna go watch some
shrimp pot boys and we're also gonna
watch some of this new series what's it
called Idiot Abroad something like that
it's got a guy or Derek and I think the
guy that left partway through is so
funny my cousin and her partner taught
me to watch it so we want to watch that
too so we'll see how we go we're almost
at the end of Trailer Park Boys and
apparently these movies as well as that
right so if there is we're gonna have to
slice those out too hello baby
also we've got some games to try for up
his visa Deng in romper how do you say
this danganronpa to goodbye despair and
the original one trigger happy havoc I
don't know have you guys played these
how much did they meant to be really
good so we'll see I haven't really had
much time to sit down with my PS patron
play it like Ione have played it once
and I played pixel chunk monsters me and
Hamish played together because he could
play through his PlayStation on the TV
and I could play through my PS Vita
piece with rock monsters it's so fun
by the way I also got one of these two
favorite shavers and I used it a little
bit today and it started to help show
you how it works tomorrow movie not like
it's really a cool thing to show you I
don't know yeah guys enjoy today's vlog
I love you guys so much and if you
haven't had a good day again I hope it
gets better soon I love you guys bye
