my hair is looking so trendy good
mornings are obviously as you can tell
you know at my face I just got back from
the gym and I'm making my smoothie and
remember the other day like I should
just show you
stop showing you what some in smoothies
because it's so repetitive but then like
you were like no don't stop door today
smoothie is a chia seeds one banana
protein powder and a ton of mango and
some almond milk because I've run out of
spinach and some other things so today's
one is just very simple but I'm actually
very excited because I love like just
plain mango smoothies they're like
amazing
so we gonna have this for breakfast -
alright taste just I'm so young mhm
I just retweeted this video of a herd of
people just up his Pikachu dancing -
that I don't like it I love that song
and it was really cool Emily what's this
with Pikachu right now I think it's
bring me back to my childhood where I
used to be obsessed with Pikachu I had
like the Pikachu Tim I got Chi and like
just all the gameboy games I watched all
the movies and I watched all the
episodes and I heard like toys I
remember having like a bubble bath with
like a giant picture on the top of it I
was just obsessed with Pikachu there's
all my auntie's fault she used to take
me to all the movies and she was pretty
obsessed with Pokemon as well and then
she just pretended like she wasn't she's
like no I'm only going to the movie
because you want to go see it microwave
er you want to go see it - hi bag what
are you doing
be doing hmm hey don't go for a walk
once I finished my video he's of course
look how nice it is outside today excuse
the grubby Wanderers it's such a
beautiful day
hey take it for a walk yeah and you of
course of course we can't leave that Lou
bug no today I'm just wearing my eddie -
pants uh spring clubs before because I
was picking with a little you know the
seed pulling things of the lilies that
stain everything I just had gloves on
picking them out so they didn't stain my
table and then I got stuff all over me
so I think I'm just gonna
not have a shower just yet I have a
shower later this afternoon I'm gonna
edit a video I have to get edited and
seen that through my managers and then
once I've done that I'll take the dog
for a walk because there's no point
having a shower before I go for a power
walk you know what I'm saying
I love lazy mondays like well it's not
really a lazy Monday is that that I
didn't wake up until like 7:15 I was
like I don't even care because I'm not
filming today so I'm gonna go to the gym
a little bit later than normal email of
the day good morning buddy
I love you I'm excited kiss your eyes
10/100/1000 kisses for you
what I just finished filming I mean not
filming I just finished editing my bit
they make up and my latest daily vlog
and it's now 12:00 12:00 but p.m. so I
am going to make some lunch and then
take the doggies for a walk
I got some new clothes as well from
misguided finally I'll tell you the
story later when I open it up huh such
great customer service sometimes pretty
my his little lopsided like what is this
so today for lunch I am having it the
what is this chicken thigh pumpkin
potato and greens nut favorite also I
need to put away all of this stuff here
and I think I'm gonna actually
reorganize my lip glosses how some of
you suggested like in colors but we'll
see I don't know if I'm gonna get time
to do that today I've still got to show
you what I bought yesterday as well but
for now here is my lunch beans at
broccoli pumpkin mesh and some chicken
thigh so we just got home from our walk
we went for about an hour and it is now
almost 2 o'clock and it feels like
something outside it so I'm like
sweating sweating mustache doing tree I
think you deserve one you heard he sit
without me asking EE I'm for you and one
for my Zeus good boy
Thais Louise all the way over there and
the Sun already oh sure and I just want
to show you what I bought lighting is so
been here what I bought yesterday it's
not much he already saw these magnets I
sit there and pops the mall house while
I was waiting for our flight yesterday
and then I also got some stuff from Pei
Alexander and then came out so from
Kmart I just got a new node Brad because
I didn't heaven No
under white t-shirts hints threes and I
was wearing that little one the other
day that was completely see-through and
some socks I wore here they look just
like this today's low oh hello he wants
his collar off yeah yeah fine
see ya just sucks in a bra from Kmart in
the him look at him
do you mind it's mine and then from P
Alexander I got some of the Simpsons
underwear I could not resist look how
funny these are but in a devil costume
and then an angel bat so yeah I got some
of those and then I also got these Homer
pajama pants because obviously I live in
my pajamas as you can see so these ones
I was just like obsessed with and my
other pants that have donuts on them are
like completely ruined so I'm gonna
throw out to my old peer and I've got
these ones to replace it's only need a
couple pairs because you know you can
kind of with them a few times there any
pajamas it's fine and I also got a doggy
toy Lily what's this what's this I don't
I've got to get rid of the tag Zeus Zeus
Zeus
sir what's this what's this he's like I
don't kid mom you did it's super lay do
you like it do you like it whoa
okay so Louie has stolen it
these are right and then I just want to
show you a couple of things there my
lovely subscribers got me look at these
cute socks so cute don't you think don't
you think sirs these aren't for you so
thank you this is where they're from and
also one of my subscribers gave me the
most amazing litter which I won't really
show you because it's kind of personal
do you guys mind it's quite personal so
you know that's just for me to read but
she also got me this really cute little
book and some really cute pians like are
these not me like do not just look at
these and think those are like shiny
Expo pins you are being so noisy I love
the little butterfly one I love the
colors and then the spokes just like one
of those really cute little like
inspirational books which you guys know
I love that kind of thing so thank you
so much and she also gave me this really
cute mug which is just like porcelain
down the bottom and then painted peach
on the top and then on the inside it
says be brave be bold so it's a really
cute mug as well so that can live with
my watermelon mic now I love it and then
any hair just a bunch of like more
letters and stuff like that that people
have given me you're not fast enough
Seuss there's just like a few letters
here I thought I'd show you the front of
this plane because it's really cute and
Levy thank you guys so much you guys
mean it the world to me he's trying to
destroy it already okay so I just
finished off a little bit more work and
finished off some video isn't everything
and now I'm just going to put away all
the makeup that I've received over the
last couple weeks so I've got this
situation here and also all of this
stuff which I received like last week so
yeah and then I think I'm gonna
categorize all of my lip glosses and
stuff by color I don't know
we'll see how it goes I'm kind of like
dreading this okay I've actually decided
that I'm not going to characterize
everything by color otherwise I figure
every time I go to do a lip swatch video
I'm not gonna like know how many I have
where they are like it would just be so
hard sorting through them all so it's
probably easier that I just keep them
all categorized and groups of like
brands and like what kind of product
they are and everything it's so
confusing to look at because there's
just so many different colors going on
and I wish I could color code it but
yeah I'll just get too confused of like
what's weird
do you've any other ideas I've moved all
of my Innoko storage up here for now
because over here it's getting way too
hot whereas this wall doesn't get any
direct sunlight or any like heat so I
think it'll be okay there I just put a
new phone case on my phone I'm saving
the one that benefit got me just for
special occasions because I don't want
to ruin it because you know that's
expensive and everything um this one
here is just by skinny-dip it's really
cute I just put the Louis vuitton wine
on my phone it looks so nice but yeah
definitely not something I want to use
every single day because I will Thresh
it
I just noticed as well I have a new chip
on top of my phone I've obviously
dropped it recently
it's the best feeling when by what time
is it 505 you've already hit heaps of
your goals yes I'm reading this book at
the moment whoo on my Kindle I'm trying
to show you
it's called deliah by Nora Roberts I
really like it so far
so yeah I'm just gonna sit down and read
for a while
today's been quite for long done lots of
work so yeah I'm just gonna relax for a
while and read and my mum's on your way
over at the moment she's gonna stay at
the next night and then I'm gonna go get
a blood test tomorrow which I'm reading
I'm also excited because I want to just
sort out my life I cannot be bothered
dealing with this right now so I might
open it up tomorrow for you guys in
tomorrow's vlog I just can't be bothered
putting away clothes right now
I'm having the mushroom chicken brown
pasta meal for dinner smart guys so it
is 8:47 p.m. and I'm just gonna go watch
trailer park boys whoa sorry I meant
float too much Jay I don't know I hope
you guys enjoyed today's log anyway and
I will talk to you more hopefully bye
