money everyone so it is Sunday morning
now we went to the casino and lost all
of our money we we lost our house we
lost her we lost our dogs
it was a disaster and I'm just kidding
we lost like what are we speeding $80
you must feel any virus but that's
almost fine it's fine
so there was a waste of time and then we
just came home and chilled out and it
was really like it was so fun last night
was a really cool the whole day so it
was a really good day so yeah today
obviously we have to check out about
hotel early that our flight isn't until
this afternoon so we are just going to
hit to Albany Mall and just chill out
for a few hours because we don't get
picked up till 2:00 and it's currently
like 9:00 something we'll go get some
food and just have a look around the
shops and just relax and yeah that's our
day fly home and then I'm going to eat
at this afternoon I think good a beard
so I'm not sure how interesting today's
vlog is gonna be but that's okay
so we just got to opening we're gonna
suss out some food my favorite thing in
the whole world if you've never tried
this you need to go try it because it's
basically heaven in a bowl so everything
really look how good this looks
give it
Paris
I'm gonna get with sabe mayonnaise and
sweet chili please
this is my favorite food in the whole
world like I could eat this every single
day for the rest of my life it's amazing
shittim wanted us look how cute he is
and this show the maintenance
yeah look tetris magnets and those other
two on the back yeah there's the bits
are you gonna actually make like a
little combo weird or real annoying one
to piss John yeah
like the raps yeah this is where we get
milkshakes from thank you
yeah you have to get it it's the
chocolate caramel crunch flavor ice
cream they don't have this is the same
sort of thing like a McDonald's
you're asked for like a deluxe
cheeseburger and they go now we don't
make them anymore
then I'll go can I have a cheeseburger
with mayonnaise and lettuce and they
make up my
with us I usually put a hobbit crunch
yeah and now if you ask for that they
say we don't make it but it's like
caramel chocolate crunch ice cream
didn't absorb it's amazing it's like the
best thing in the whole boat $21 Shannon
I got a pizza first chicken never cut a
bring cranberry you can try it if you
want so it's 20 to 1:00 in the afternoon
so we thought we'd just have some lunch
and just sit down for a while because
we're both pretty exhausted and then
we're just gonna head back to the hotel
and wait for our transfer so at this
place called the merchants at Albany and
the food looks amazing so hopefully it's
good and Hamish is trying the Bloody
Mary for the second time first time he
tried it he was drunk and he hated it
but he can't remember so he's gonna try
it again
is it good
I don't like them just try you like
tomorrow
it's like tomato soup competent already
hit someone charm just
yeah no you know now you can remember
have your bit I've got my orange juice
I ordered the small size pizza but I
swear it's the big size it's like huge
Hamish got steak names and chirps looks
really good we're on the way back home
now Lily he's like so excited so we just
got home and the flight was good there's
a little bit bumpy so stretchy I'm just
gonna hit it now and pick I don't think
that's gonna be very exciting if I'm
honest
hello Kim and they give me hello
you
so it's evening time now I've just got a
face mask on at the moment I bought this
one today when we went shopping I'll
show you what else I got - oh my camera
is about to get full sorry about that my
memory card got full so I just got this
mask on that I bought today it's the
teenager range from Dermalogica because
my skin just decides to act like a
teenager sometimes you know this is the
class that breakout clearing cooling
mask and I just wanted it because I love
cooling mask and I have breakouts all
the time it feels really nice on my skin
right now so yeah I'm just doing that
and we've been watching trailer park
boys and I'm just mentally preparing
myself for tomorrow back to work back to
the gym kind of happy to go back to the
gym I just hope I have more energy
tomorrow which I think I will because
I've been fine the last couple days
Friday was just like so tiring I don't
know why and I'm looking forward to
eating some healthy food because we've
just eaten so much junk over the last
few days since my birthday it's been
crazy but it's okay because it's my
birthday week it's totally an excuse you
guys know so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog I'm sorry it wasn't
too exciting I'll show you what I picked
up today apart from you know this
clearing mask stuff I'll show you what I
bought tomorrow I didn't really buy much
was just like socks bra some pajamas I
want to show you anyway
I hope you guys have a really good day I
have had a really good day I'm pretty
tired right now and yeah I'll talk to
you soon bye
