No all of my flowers are starting to
open up look how pretty they are I can't
get over it
how nice is this Manuka doctor saw that
I was raving about their masks that peel
off one and they sent me a cute little
bracelet and another mask to try this
one's the illusionist rapid a lift mask
perfection for high definition I'm just
waiting on how much to get finished and
our taxi is on the way and mine inin
grenade are coming to house-sit and look
after the puppies got that real nervous
feeling in my stomach about later today
I'm very nervous
plus I'm nervous that I've like
forgotten something like my makeup or
something like that which hopefully I
haven't picture on the walls
what's mine that's the same thank you I
got a case for breakfast because we were
rushing so we didn't get a chance to eat
anything yeah
and we're just sitting at the airport I
think that's our plane over there
somewhere okay so we're gonna meet up
today we're gonna be there like right
3:30 I think yeah it's all being
glistens which is gonna be super
he's making me walk yeah
good here's that plane excited
so we just got to Auckland and then we
wits chicken and our hotel rooms not
ready yet so we're now just getting a
really early lunch it's only 11:00
o'clock but I go we'll just hit early
lunch get ready and then we're ready for
the meet after Hamish got the big
breakfast and yes I did that my eggs
benny i'll show you our room quickly
where are we staying the quest quest and
albany I think this is little lounge
area a little table so it's just a
single shower toilet sink Marat and then
we've even got a little laundry
situation and then this is our bedroom
and it's just gotta like cupboard and
stuff I'm really proud of my team right
now it's like flawless don't put a link
in my blog yesterday - wait you can get
this 10 I'll put a link down below as
well if you're interested so now I'm
doing my makeup and it is a total of 30
so my mate it's not for another like
three hours
oh my gosh bringing five but I just make
it ready Ellie said lots of time so I'm
not stressing out and I feel very like
good right now you know and I was coming
lights it up my camera so you can watch
me do my makeup but my camera roll go
did and I'm in my underwear right now so
all right so I'm ready
Oh sunny it keeps like raining and then
all of a sudden it's like really nice
with that and then it rains again it's
really temperamental so I'm just wearing
this like tunic dress thing from
glycines and they're my strict yuppie
shoes and then just that same kind of
makeup look that I've been wearing
lately and then just warm tones on my
eyes so yeah so the taxi or our car is
coming at about ten minutes I am very
nervous right now I am incredibly I am
incredibly shy and before every makeup
I'm like can I say I'm really anxious
and just like freaking out so I'll get
okay one side you know once I've made a
couple of years they don't be like okay
I'm good now the noobs kind of like
pseudo down yeah boy and I'm just like
like freaking out yeah yeah hey guys
I'll probably be vlogging from now
because Shen's going in to do the stuff
the Meetup
wait you ready for this you ready for
the hotel room we've been here you're
gonna hate this
we've been here for how long shit three
four hours three yeah bullets you
kidding
whoops so you're panicking now if you
don't don't worry about it just breathe
in breathe out deep breaths and start
panicking cause I into it you guys
probably think like she pros at this
stuff but we go along and we like don't
know what we're doing here don't know
what we're saying
I panic every single time every single
time probably right and we suffered a
thing is that this a line of paper
wasn't yeah yeah yeah I'll just go in
there later hey guys Hamish is fine he's
making about like you I'm very no you
all just feels - oh um I think I'm just
a very shy person so I panic a little
bit
sounds good thank you though we're just
about to go in now and we're waiting for
the girlfriend blessing I'm a little bit
nervous now to be honest hey feeling
we're just going in there watching and
seeing photos this is a new layout
apparently
so many people
yeah we'll send you before take again
stalker
all the fish annex on vlogs actually
yeah how's it going though and you guys
from Auckland yeah yeah just come up to
see Shannon for the day
have you guys wanted to meet it for ages
really and what was she like what's your
right
with heart you come in here just see
Jenna thank you for coming and what was
she like which you're right good what
was I like divine asshole
what's your name and have you been
following Shannon for a while do you
want to say anything to Shannon
and me as well oh that's good thank you
okay guys so it is 6:00 p.m. now and the
meetup is all done and dusted and I
can't wait torch the footage that Hamish
got tomorrow when I use it this video
you've already seen it and yeah we
getting ready to go to dinner now I
actually like loving the streets
should I wear my other Dre so show me
this I don't know um so yeah we've got
Dennison and you know I don't know what
we're gonna do after dinner we'll just
kind of decide later it was sorry lovely
to meet you guys like as soon as I kind
of started meeting you guys I didn't
feel so nervous and everyone was so
lovely and sweet cute and everyone yeah
you're all just amazing and then I hit a
couple privates made ups with some girls
that won some competitions just some
like one-on-ones and they were really
lovely as well so it was really nice to
meet you guys
I had a really good time and now I just
feel like I'm in such a good mood and I
know I'm just gonna have a really good
night so I'm excited Hamish is looking
very handsome in his outfit he's like
don't show me
he looks like a babe can I show you
shirtless why I don't think I'm gonna
wear my guest heels that I wrote even
though I loved in just because just in
case we're feeling the vibes you know we
want to go out for a bit go to some
clubs I don't want to ruin my guest
shoes I'm just gonna wear my glasses
ones because they're really comfortable
and I've got like a thicker heel so I'm
not gonna like snap them off also some
people gave me some letters and gifts
since you guys are literally like the
best people on earth I swear hashtag
Shanklin right I wait for the stress in
the end the Miss Holly dress wall too
and then I've just got my ey fell so
Louis Vuitton and then I just got the
issues on which I donate so you feel
like the shoes match but I'm going with
it because they're way more comfortable
and I just got my grey Jersey on I'm
ready to go so we're here this is what
it looks like from the outside it looks
fancy The Grove thanks
we have tried so
but look life is really nice yeah and
you saw her beautiful and apparently
they're just gonna what
give us a circus of courses or something
I just really mess it up he's got
something plain fresh line this is super
cool
yeah try some stuff Canon's gonna try
beer and yes this is a beer I can't
remember the name hopefully you can see
from that by gonna try it and if you
don't like it don't worry cuz I'm here I
can have it keep in mind Shannon haters
beer hey Anna you can hold this
yeah it's good so this is blank beams
beef cheese which I explained explained
it was right now it looks amazing so how
much of this course amazing
I don't even like spring onion in their
meal hate spring in the day and I'd love
to you can't explain her right there
just tasted amazement amazing I mean
how's that bread it's always good yeah
it's crayfish and I'm gonna just say
this plates warm the plates are one
a good look at the plants as well they
started out about
Shannon doesn't know me like crayfish
but we're gonna say that the scars not
safe oh sorry
is it Chenin looking like a total babe
over there you look so hot
what that's not focusing oh my god
hey enjoying your meal
it's good
I don't know if that's what you do but
that's what's happened remember that day
you put the red wine in the fridge for
me I know you were I couldn't be angry
okay
this is gonna be a struggle for you but
give it a go
it's good well done
I'm a priest or a priest sorry this here
is a lamb's rib on a puree with miso
wrapped on it or something
we have it dessert now
was
what is this witchcraft that's good
how did you find everything it was like
10 out of here it's the only time I've
ever given it honestly
I don't normally give out numbers like
this for that there that was a 10 go
check it out this was amazing and yes
that's like it is a little bit pricey
yeah that's really good for an
anniversary or something like that any
kind of special occasion it's like a
guaranteed amazing time that guy behind
this just hit the high limit my tricky I
tried to bloggers try to do that he
wouldn't leave me and we're going to the
casino now so you guys probably want you
to see anymore yes it like you know if
we better 0 for tonight are you gonna
say yeah yes tomorrow
