good morning I just got back from the
gym and I'm exhausted like I you good
it's just like coughing gadna I did half
an hour when I usually do like an hour
to an hour and a half because I was just
like falling asleep so I came home and
now I'm gonna have a shower and fake tan
and fill my birthday video if I have the
energy
fingers crossed whatsoever she'll wake
up a little bit I don't know why I'm so
tired guess it's just that time of the
month
I'm having feature Matt on Tosh
breakfast oh I'm gonna just check some
emails before I start filming all right
time to freak 10 let's see my before and
after clearly this is my before and
after which you can't really tell very
good in the sliding because that's a bit
better I love a good tan this one here
is loving tan I just put it away once it
is this one here ultra dark loving ten
delights bronzing mousse you change the
fire from Peggy Murray
Enzi's if you want like super fast
shipping
look stall it pale because it's like
sort of white outside it's like not
showing my tan properly I didn't do my
face or so now I'm just going to because
I've got to do my hair in film and then
I think I'm going to blob out for the
rest of the day and recover and get some
rest
for my meet up tomorrow because I want
to be well-rested I don't want to be
tired while I'm meeting people so yeah I
just need to wake up but so tired why so
just before I stop filming I'm almost
ready
my beauty Nick career staff came I'll
show you what I picked up remember I
think I was about a week no be like a
week and a half ago I was shopping on
bedding at career when I was hungover
yeah it's all arrived we got some
samples again the stuff is the best
it smells like banana milk it's like
amazing so we got tons of samples and a
free like I pitch mask thing
Oh some more samples all right so I got
this intent scare hyaluronic acid
hydrogel mask by Tony moly so that
sounds interesting I'll do that on
camera some of these kiss kiss lovely
lip patches which I just really wanted
to try because they look funny so I
think there was like a five pack of
those then we got some no strips
apparently true packets I'm sure I only
bought one maybe it's like a double pack
these are by the faceshop I always get
these for free this this is like a lip
stain but Tony moly I got like eight of
them I swear this is the Tony moly AC
control pink deep spot after washing
your face and completing your skincare
at night apply an appropriate amount to
the problem areas and leave it on
overnight and wash it off the next
morning okay so it's just like a pimple
treatment got this in this free trouble
facial foam because I love the
moisturizer stuff of this so I wanted to
try this for like removing my makeup
this is what I've been using on my face
lately and it's like really prevented
heaps of breakouts and stuff it's an
anti trouble spot is thanks so I just
like put it around my chin and nose and
stuff where I get like any pimples and
blackheads and stuff and it literally
just gets rid of them so I got there and
i also got this version which i don't
know what the difference is and then
another one here to pretty sure they're
like the same thing just like maybe one
of them's like an older version I'm not
too sure and then I also got the lotion
so I guess you put the lotion on first
and then you use the one that I've
already been using just over your
problem areas and then what's this black
head out white clay nose pack okay so I
guess it's just like a clay mask for
your nose and it's told them as well
they gave me two did I order two by
accident I'm not too sure I could go for
a nap right about now but I've got to
get some work done my hair looks short
right now these people would say Oh your
hair looks cute when it's short like
that and like I like it when it looks
like this on camera but as soon as I cut
my hair too short in real life it's
awful I've done it twice I hate it so I
just finished filming and it is only
10:40 a.m. and I literally
feel like literally hell literally feel
like it's four o'clock in the afternoon
or something I'm so tired so I'm gonna
get it um I don't know if I'm gonna film
a voice up like cuz I'm going to do a
voice over for my birthday makeup I
don't know if I'm gonna film the voice
of a part right now because listen to me
I'm like we'll see how we go I don't
want to drink coffee I don't feel like
drinking coffee but I feel like I need
an energy boost of some kind it's just
one of those days guys it's one of those
days it's one of those weeks oh hello
what are you doing in there what are you
doing in there I love you
you look so warm I wish I could cuddle
up with you and go to sleep
hey and I tell you one thing that grinds
my gears
mahai light looks really weird in this
lighting I promise it's not that crazy
one thing that pisses me off is when
people say you deserve the hate you're
in the public eye you did this to
yourself
I'm sorry but don't make excuses for
people to be ourselves and be really
mean to you just because you decide to
write online like no it's never okay
like don't give them excuses so today in
today's messages this one's not so bad
I John a glass writes I use some
overrated rock stars daughter totally I
wish and then Dwayne Mayer said would
you mind getting can't see your piece of
 so that was lovely as well and just
a bunch of other random hate comments
you know just the typical ones you're
ugly you're fat you're dumb stupid
blonde whatever people just piss me off
like you don't know me if you couldn't
tell I'm just not in the mood today
I'm currently just editing today's vlog
and dying and being tired and just
getting pissed off at dumb people like
when is it ever okay to which cancer
upon someone do you know ages ago when I
had like not that many subscribers
someone emailed me and said that they
hope my firstborn baby is a stillborn
Luke I'm sorry about what kind of
persons is that I would not wish that
upon my worst enemy not like I have a
worst enemy but if I did it's just
pathetic and it's so wrong honestly if
you ever have had that opinion like oh
they put their life out there is their
choice they deserve the hate no think
about it why like why tell me why I
deserve to hate because I'm just living
my life and doing what I want just like
everybody else just like everyone else
in the world I'm the one that's allowed
to be hated upon why making myself some
lunch now I'm having the tandoori
chicken on rice where's your good sauce
which is basically like that dip I
showed you the other day like cucumber
yogurt sauce and fiducial here's how it
looks and then I've got the little like
yogurt to put on top all right so let's
give it a go mmm that's really good I
wish I could have like vegetables with
it as well I like having the broccoli
and beans they're so nice okay it's game
over guys I go through about 10 to 15
minutes of my birthday get rid with me
like editing it and my eyes are so much
just take out my contacts oh and I'm
just like falling asleep so I'm gonna
lie on the couch and I'm gonna play some
games on my phone
if I fall asleep I'm gonna fall asleep
in heaven net lots of you are saying
that you're concerned about like my
blood and stuff but yeah as I said I am
going to still get it done like maybe
next week so don't worry I'm just so
exhausted I think today I'm just so
tired I'm like you know it's that time
of the month and I always get ro tired
and grumpy and I always get really sore
and hit a key and just like just don't
feel well in general like I'm real
headache at the moment Rose so knows I'm
not feeling well he always comes up to
me when I'm sick yeah I'm gonna net and
I'll vlog later oh my gosh I swear like
I don't know why you guys like watching
my vlogs I feel like they're so boring
someone the other day was being a hater
they're like yeah you drink smoothies
you eat healthy you go to the gym we get
it your vlogs are so boring
I was like
by that was a weird laugh I hate being a
girl sometimes why can't I just be a boy
that likes to wear makeup there wouldn't
be any shark weeks oh my gosh it's a net
for an hour like more than an hour I
think it's um 26 and now I've just come
to lie down and beard all I want to do
is curl up and go to sleep except I
haven't packed for tomorrow so I'm just
mentally preparing myself to get up and
try and pack and it's raining really
badly outside right now I hurt my
flights not delayed tomorrow like that
time when me and Hamish went to
Australia it was really bad rain and
then there was like too much fog and
stuff so we can leave I'm sure that's
not even going to happen I'm just really
really really tired yes I'll show you
guys how I pack even though this is just
like an overnight trip so it's not
really like an intense packing scenario
I did a video I just got my main turn on
how I pick did I just make any of you
yawn why am I so tired this is by far
the worst we've been in ages
it must be my period no I'm getting up
I'm gonna go pick and then I'm gonna
come a bit to be it why should we have
some dinner and then I'm gonna come to
it ah so I'm just gonna take carry-on
luggage of course because it's only
overnight oh I just walked into my car
so we keep our suitcase it's over here
and I have a few later ones so all I
have to pack is a couple different
outfits or probably three outfits
actually doctor I'll wear one outfit
tomorrow like on the plane and I'll wear
that on Sunday as well when I come home
I'll just wear the same outfit because
then I'm wearing a lessons outfit for my
Meetup and then I probably just need an
outfit to wear tomorrow night out for
dinner and everything what if my
he manages his like hooked me up with a
seat and really nice restaurant for my
birthday so I'm really excited about
that definitely vlog it's like a really
fancy fancy fancy place so I want to
make sure I wear something quite nice um
so I've got to figure out what I'm going
to buy meet up now I hate doing this
it's so much pressure to look good I
feel like these look colors make my
teeth look so wide oh my gosh you guys I
literally just pulled this out of my
hair is there a moment oh my gosh that
was tragic so since I am you know doing
photography and I want my makeup just to
look nice I'm probably just going to do
what I'm like wearing today
I feel like this makeup looks quite a
good like photogenic simple come on
Lily wants to come in come on it's just
a very simple makeup look that I feel
comfortable in and I think that's
important when you're taking lots of
photos you want to just wear something
that you feel good in and I also feel
like it's not too over-the-top it's just
a nice simple makeup look and it's
something that I know I won't stress out
about and screw up on the day because
it's not what you want you don't want to
be trying something new out and then
just like panicking so I like to use
products that I'm comfortable with so
I'll take stuff like my setting spray
and then my bare minerals what is this
neutralizing primer I'm so sorry for how
I sound right now wait no I'm not
apologizing anymore I forgot sorry oh my
god it did it again and then for
foundation again just like taking
something that you feel really
comfortable in not shitloads like my
ultimate all-time favorite foundation
still like there is other foundations I
love almost as much but nas is like my
safe option so take that actually while
I'm Harrell Chuck in my perfume as well
this is the lovest Bell or something by
Lancome than my Sid Byrd packaging but
it's just really good for traveling um
and then I guess I'll just take maybe
serenity actually I'm taking wrong
usually I go an order so I'll pet from
my primer and like OH
my primary my foundation they my
concealer they my powder and like going
to order from like you know how I do my
makeup in that way I never forget
anything I was about as chat stuff
handbag I always forget like mascara or
something ran okay so I found everything
out so my students bruising their Rudi
primer foundation concealer another
concealer for my face if I get any
breakouts this is my under eye setting
powder this is my face sitting palette
and then just heaps of brushes iron face
brushes to do my makeup eye primer
eyeshadow blush highlight highlight and
bronzer a little shimmery eyeshadow
because this one's all matched so I'm
just going to do like a match look with
this on the lid and I can always layer
that shimmery color on top of one of
these if I want a little bit of shimmer
on the lid as well
eyebrow brush I brow pomade plumper
eyelash glue some black liquid eyeliner
pleases eyelash curler scissors I'm here
tied two pairs of lashes just in case I
check up one pair just better safe than
sorry
I've got my mascara a flesh tone
eyeliner and a brown eyeliner just if I
want to switch it up and then I've got
pitch perfect sharp Charlotte Tilbury
and then I've got my candy kiss lip
gloss and serenity by dried cosmetics
and then just a brown lip liner pencil
sharpener and some spare contacts so
hopefully I haven't forgotten anything
there are all the makeup fits so
perfectly in there and there's not too
many options so I won't be too flustered
while I'm getting ready just nice and
simple and how cute is this makeup bag
it's from benefit they gave it to me and
Sally when we went to Auckland last I
blogged up my main channel so cute and
so handy so everything fits in there
then we'll go in there now for the
clothing which are all down here I can't
decide whether to rock my natural hair
length I wash my hair tomorrow morning
why wear extensions
so I'm going to wear this you come to
the shoes on Saturday night for dinner
it's kind of like fancy so I've just got
this like jacket if you like the clutch
doesn't really match but I'm going with
it anyway because I really want to wear
it
this dress is from Miss Holly and then
this jacket is white fox petit Louie
Vuitton and then these shoes I guess
whoops
so I'm pretty much sorted now I've got
all of my lessons options just there
and then I'll click that in these shoes
and then tomorrow at the airport and
then Sunday I'll just wear like jeans
and a t-shirt or something just real
casual so now I just have to pack my
hair stuff and my toiletries I've
decided I'm going to take off my makeup
now and then quickly edit this vlog for
you guys for a head to bed because I
just remembered that tomorrow I'm an
Auckland and we leave it like 8 o'clock
in the morning so by the time you see
this video we're probably like on the
plane or like on our way to Auckland or
in Auckland or something and I don't
know if even since I'd rather just
schedule this video to go up and in
tomorrow's vlog won't be up until
probably like the evening because all it
is it and upload it when I get home from
Auckland on Sunday night which I don't
even know if this isn't he and easy it's
my brain is scrambled um so I'm going to
take my makeup and also I'm going to try
out one of these and we'll see what it's
like yes I'm using a clothes clip to
clip up my G major Z what dressing gown
because I lost the you know I'm going to
try out this um anti trouble facial foam
but Innisfree
smells really good like really good it
doesn't smell sweet or anything it's
like a kind of flat smell it only makes
sense so I just put on some of this
black head out white clean nose pack
mask by the face shop and I read on the
back and it's actually a peel mask so
you peel it off and your blackheads are
supposed to come out so I'm so excited
to see how if it works I don't even
think I have any black kids really at
the moment though but we'll see what
happens
um and now I'm going to do the look
thing kiss kiss lovely lip patch Tony
moly look after neither's look this
patch meets you lips smooth soft and
kissable TI open and apply the lip leave
on for 15 to 20 minutes and then remove
I'm not going to be able talk Witnesses
on obviously so see you in 15 minutes
whoo it's like jelly look at this look
what am i I know it's so creepy
so creepy well where do I do it okay
talk it's a look mask I did the lip mask
in my lips don't feel any different
how much is laughing at me um I don't
know try it again a bitch likes I bought
five so let's get rid of this Paul masks
and I see if we can get any gunk out of
our nose cuz it's fun I'm so hit a kid I
think I've talked Hamish into getting me
subway for dinner I think I told you
recently in a vlog that whenever I feel
really sick all my glasses are stuck
whenever I feel really sick all I want
to eat is a maple subway because when I
was little my Nana got me maple Subway's
and I had like saw stomachs and stuff
and now it's just like whenever I feel
sick it's all I want and it's not good
fear but at the moment I do not even
here this hurts more than the other one
huh
but it is supposed to be like a proper
blackhead mask stroke oh okay that was
the most painful bit
I like to get some gunk out that sort of
got wet I'll show you Lou keep in mind I
don't really get that much like gunk
culled on put this down there's not that
much there but you can see some just in
there and then from in the sides of my
nose there was some I reckon this would
be a really good one if you struggle
with like black kids and stuff like it
actually pulled a lot out yeah by the
way these glasses are by Dolce Gabanna I
don't know how to figure out what style
they are but they're by Dolce & Gabbana
and then the ones that are cleared and
the bottom are prouder because I keep
feeling to tell you guys um
but yet I just finished off my skincare
and my nose looks so clear after that um
mask thing like there's no little dots
like any uneven skin or anything and so
I really just pulled everything off
which is quite nice
as I always say don't do that kind of
thing to a skin too often just like once
in a while because if you don't talked
and I can like cause more damage than
good so I'm gonna go to bed now I play
Hamish will bring me some subway and
then just going to get a good race
before my made up tomorrow I cannot wait
to meet you guys remember if you do meet
me I will probably be very overwhelmed
because I'm an extremely shy person so
just give me a hug take a photo with me
let's do some funny ones I wait to meet
you
and yet I hope you all had a really good
day if you didn't have a very good day
today I hope tomorrow is better I love
you so much
I'll talk to you soon bye
