my name's back from the gym um turns out
I can't go to get a blood test today so
I'm probably going to next week now
we've got lots of packages that have
arrived again and there's stuff all over
the place from all of my gifts and stuff
and I'll show you my gift soon but I'm
just gonna have some breakfast first
probably just have a smoothie today's is
the same as yesterday except I've got
the mixed berries standard I think I
should just stop showing you my smoothie
soon because they're all staying to be
the same I do need to do that smoothie
video at some stage it's just like
finding the time to actually do it
you know look how small freaky is he's
the tiniest little Jack Russell I've
ever seen Hey gosh this is like
overflowing my workout outfit today I
was reading Roshi runs by Nike they're
gray and bright yellow I have to show
you them another day because I forgot
and then cutting my breath the same Nike
dri-fit but like three of these and in
these three core days from coaching on
body and they're actually really really
good
they last a really long time and they're
really affordable this tastes hot out
light raspberry it's good I haven't even
showered yet I just isn't my blog so
yeah that took me about almost an hour
there's a lot of footage so I hope you
guys liked my birthday vlog I am
absolutely freezing
as you can tell by me being wrapped up
in this giant blanket so I'm actually
gonna go over bath because some of the
gifts that I got yesterday from my
auntie Tracy were heaps and heaps of
lush goodies so I'm really excited I'm
gonna go the bath because I feel like
scrubbing off the fake tan if I can and
redoing it tomorrow for Saturday so that
I have a nice fresh tan for all the
photos um so yeah I'm gonna do that and
then I might go see Kelly later on cuz
she told me she's got the day off so I
might go catch up with her for a little
bit and have a chat mum's lifted the
balloons here so apparently I've
inherited some balloons and in a bit
I'll open these up on camera too
so I'm sure you what I got from lush and
I'll show you what my Nana old got me as
well quickly so here's what my Nana
olive got me I have to go through it all
in a bit and put it all away but there's
just lots of yummies
dessert sauce and some like honey
mustard I was like there's some
chocolate in there
uh-oh looks so YUM I need to put all of
this way and I need to put this on my
phone as well so that's a job for today
to my auntie Tracy got me lush stuff so
we've got the great balls of bicarb
isn't that cool packaging so inside has
some bath bombs so he's one today
name she also got me this 10 I think she
said one of them was like for Mother's
Day yeah she's like excuse the tin I
didn't realize it was for Mother's but I
don't mind this is the rose bubble bath
all right I'm all done and I'm pale
again so tomorrow picked a pink
that was incredible
and that buh-buh-bah smell really good
his lunch
it's the chicken meatballs brand pasta
and green vegetables I'm sorry it's like
a pump just leave me alone oh it's done
that's 2 p.m. and I've done all of my
work for the day
I didn't have too much to do today
thankfully since I'm about today with my
eating everything and I've seen a few
comments on yesterday's vlog saying that
you think I should definitely film but
they look even if people think it's
similar to other stuff it's just like
traditions so I think I will film that
tomorrow morning
it all goes well so retired today like
it's not even funny I really wish I
could have gone in and got the blood
tears today because I swear I must be
like low and iron or something like that
it's just like every day around 2 3 I'm
just like put just like hit a wall I
just struggle so I'll probably get it
done next week hopefully my mum's
helping me sort it out with the doctors
and everything so it's open some of this
mail I know you guys love watching me
open my mouth up so from colour-pop Chi
Chi more colour pop we have some stuff
on Amazon and then something from n2
so hey man on set ran Antipodes into
Porter's I don't know
oh by the way we did the scratches
haven't done this one but we did all the
others and I won like five dollars well
I almost won $40,000 but not quite
alright let's go in with the colour-pop
first ultra met the lip I guess there's
some new shades a bunch bunch of those
and then in another box
oh and excited I think I saw someone
talking about this somewhere but I can't
remember where it was sorry if you can
hear the dishwasher though there is
three different colors here and then
three lip colors and then there's like a
whole lot of steps to follow
alright new start cheechee or she she is
it supposed to be pronounced but I just
don't pronounce it right Polly dully I
think I've got some of these bombshell
they just seemed like all the shades all
over again I think they did oh my Chi
Chi's spoiling me again I do have a lot
of this so maybe I can do it giveaways
or something we'll see I do know that
there are some new shades in here
somewhere though cuz I asked them about
it and I'm gonna do a lip swatch video
because they said they're doing some new
shades I was like cuz I've been meaning
to swatch my collection for a while you
guys have been asking for it I've only
swatch like contra Mimi how many I did
last so I think I needed like six or
twelve or something new Karen mural
shades these lipsticks are all natural
this is the shade sandstorm it's just a
really nice nude and then enter pods or
Antipodes however you pronounce that
Chia and a Kiwi seed superfood serum
what is the supposed to and pose donates
two dollars from this limited edition
product to World Wide Fund for Nature
news oh that's really nice youthful
vitality and natural Sheen essential
fatty acids inhale and then a little
moisturizer
manuka honey active 20 plus I love
manuka honey and it's got rose hip oil
in there I definitely have to try that
one and then I just got some stuff from
Amazon those pit things so we'll taste
them out real quickly before I eat two
calories and then these are just I
should or acrylic stick is so this is
the revolutionary
pit hair lifter hey Louie oh and Zeus I
didn't even see there you blooms it in
with the met hello hello apparently you
just use it dry and then you just wipe
it with moderate pressure so
did it work
a little bit I guess I guess all of this
is pulling how do I get rid of that I
think so once you use a shaver like do
you just mean a disposable light razor
that you would like shave your legs with
is that what you mean I guess it is
getting rid of the hair slightly okay
guys how do I get rid of the little
balled up cotton I think that's gonna be
the next step
all right I'm gonna go see Kelly now she
said that she's just outside sitting in
the Sun it's a really beautiful day sir
I refused to get changed I'm just
wearing my this is the kids a society
t-shirt I think I'll put a link to it
down below if the websites still running
you can buy a t-shirt and donate money
are you really as you can say Journal is
a little bit bigger than Louie answers
hey you ready go that slobbery mmm
look the helium must be coming out of my
balloons they're all said from Kelly's
house and she was saying how she's been
wanting to go on like a holiday tour
like an island like a tropical holiday
for a while but her sister was gonna go
but she couldn't get time off or
something and so I was like I'll go with
you she was like really I was like yeah
so it's not next adventure we want to
try and plan together because if you
guys remember like a few years back we
went to Fiji to get that I've vlogged it
god those vlogs must be really awful so
if you've got any recommendations on
where to go that isn't Fiji because
we've been there together and we want to
try somewhere different let me know like
where's good and I think this time would
probably just go to like a resort the
whole time rather than like Beach hop
because last time we did beach hopping
or is this time I probably just want to
go to like one place go to a resort just
chill out and relax and spend some time
together and then go home like just
really casual relaxing no stress nothing
too intense like if you've got any
recommendations let me know down below
who will see what happens hopefully we
can organize something together and
hopefully we can both get time off at
the same time how pretty all these
flowers I can't get over it and making
Hamish take me to my favorite
restaurants night table one in it
because I'm hormonal eat whatever I want
at this time of the month
okay so I just checked on a little bit
of makeup I just did a thin layer of
foundation and I use this retouch
opinion by Charlotte Tilbury just under
my eyes and around my nose and stuff it
worked pretty well in there I've got
full lash bloom mascara by covergirl and
a little bit of tart Brown mascara and
this is the lip plumper by Too Faced
it's like a nude one those I'm what are
they even called I don't know but they
make my lips huge like look at this they
they a big yeah we try to do a certain I
feel so Stoller
got cramp now I'm at the point where I
can't be folded like leaving the house
except we've already booked tonight like
we've put the tables so and I also want
bruschetta oh hi come on oh my god it's
the Zeus
I'm just wearing this Jersey I got from
the white fox boutique I feel like I
look so I think my eyes are all red and
stuff they probably are so this is it
here table 1 8 8 Hagen is having
anything a walk you're looking handsome
well thank you some of the menu is
literally like a baby's food ever sir me
and Hamish we like to get being a duck
pate and the bruschetta beside is I
don't know what man I'm gonna get you so
here's I've got this beer what's this a
stroller
I guess Estrela I'm not sure my phone
no he's just don't worry about him so we
were just we just got drinks and Hamish
Gatlin to try cousin even tried and he's
had like one mouthful he's like this was
my favorite beer apparently it's really
oh I had a mouthful it is very smooth
I'm trying to look how to say how much
this for a dozen more can you even buy
it well you must be able to go see here
but you don't have any why is that just
like a restaurant was yes yes I find out
yeah like even for me like usually it
has a really nasty aftertaste but that
one just tastes like nothing and I got a
good ol orange juice Oh J so this right
here is what you call the best entrees
in the whole world this bruschetta is
amazing
and then this is duck pate and my jelly
and stuff it's so good so Hamish got was
it when I got there as well what's your
line I don't know
and then we got some bitches I know how
much did you miss me little bug
yeah look at that day did you with me
hey guys I hope you enjoyed today's vlog
we just got home
we're gonna go to bed and chill watch
some TV
you know the drew my life is so exciting
I hope you guys seriously did enjoy
today's look tomorrow back to work I'm
gonna do some filming for you guys and
it is the incentive
I'm gonna meet some of you who almost
fell over hope you had a good day and
talk to you tomorrow
