good morning I just got back from the
German I took an hour on the treadmill
and I ran and I part walked uphill and
now I feel exhausted and tired Under the
Sun nice and breakfast it's my birthday
well I'll show you what Hamish got me
I've only opened my present from Hamish
so far apart from that clutch yesterday
problem
the loving town which I still can't get
over half so nice um hang on me the
skinny and I'm obsessed with it look at
cute and he got me some jewelry some
pandora jewelry which I'll wear today
but really pretty little rings I got a
mail I think there's another package
from glycine's with some shoes in it my
outfit this weekend for the meetup which
I'm uploading some information about the
meet up today on my instagram so if you
want more information check out my
Instagram there should be a picture up I
also got a package from benefit which I
can tell because of this little picture
what are you two doing
why do you have dad's sure LOI hi hi
Pepe by the way today I'm just wearing
the same shoes again because they're
real comfy these shorts are those Nike
ones and they're wearing the same shirt
as yesterday oh wow is thank you
who are these from Oh cute - Shannon
happy birthday we hope you have a
fantastic day love pagan and safety oh
that's so nice this so pretty I love
them Thank You pagan and Stacy you guys
Rock okay let's open this benefit
package together what's inside that's
such a cute little box laughter is the
best cosmetic so green and wear it dear
Shannon Congrats on your amazing and
Sturm success we appreciate the support
you have given benefit New Zealand so
flawless and gorgeous love little
suitcase Sarah Ann janessa oh my god are
you kidding me right now
hello
hey Sandman happiness thank you yeah hi
thank you good I just got back from the
gym oh yeah you did all right I'll see
ya love night bye
they do that every single year how cute
is this it's a little iPhone case and
it's got my initials in it thank you
guys so much oh my gosh I've been
absolutely spoiled already so cute I
love this pattern
thank you benefit I love you guys they
also got some vouchers from PlayStation
News dealing everybody's gone to rapture
lunch today on the PlayStation Store has
anyone checked out this game yet let me
know if it's any good look how pretty
the flowers are the bars is a little bit
too big but it's fine it's so pretty my
favorite colors you are being so noisy
and annoying when you play yes just
while my toaster cooks I opened up the
other package and I got some more
clothes from it glycin so thank you
Glassons and also these shoes are from
blessings - I think they're so cute
especially these ones oh do I like these
ones what I don't know it was really
cute so I got some stuff to wear I might
with me today and then I've got some
stuff to wear for the weekend as well
for my meter I am so happy right now I'm
looking super pretty with my hair up in
my little towel thing hair drying towel
so I'm just going to eat it yesterday's
vlog and then I'll do my hair and stuff
I've got an appointment at 2:30 for that
LASIK eye surgery consultation so I'll
take you along to that as well um I'm
super nervous I just I'm so scared that
I'm not gonna be able to get it done
like if there's something with my eyes
that means I can't get it done and I
really nervous or fingers crossed I can
get it done it would change my life
and I was gonna do my makeup and I was
just gonna like humor like here cuz I
can't even see like fall like this is
blurry if I look at that I was kind of
just like do my makeup using mirrors and
like film it because I usually feel my
bit they make up each year and so I want
to do it this year except then I was
like oh I've got that LASIK eye surgery
consult not sure if like they need to
like be rubbin hromas or anything or
like
King the area so I'm just going to not
do any makeup until after there and
hopefully the lighting isn't terrible so
I can film me doing my makeup after that
when I can actually wear my contacts and
you know put makeup on I'll just do my
hair after I finished editing this and
get some work done not worrying too much
blackening too much work done say I did
it all of my videos yesterday which was
a relief I'm not too stressed but you
know you have to get some work done
some emails and stuff yeah that's my day
and the mums coming over later and we're
going outfitter should be good look at
you you're so cute I love you look at
those big ears hmm you're the cutest yes
you are
excuse me Louie were you just pulling
out this weed thank you that's a big
week we need to do the gardening so bad
we've got all these fences up because
Louie pulls the bushes out of the ground
don't you yes you do but yeah we
definitely need to do some gardening and
then the grass also needs to be mowed I
look at all those like weeds over there
I'm so bad at gardening like I kill
everything I'm just awful
so that'll be our activity one day when
it's a really nice warm day the frigging
freezing out here Louie it's so cold is
that I don't know why you're out here
you hate the cold should we play a game
just your favorite what's this really
ready
he can't pick it up usually honest is a
bit I think it's flat come on
Oh bring it back he's like you you you
the grass is wet here the end silly
here's like it's cold come here
Rudy I just started a little bit bring
it back yeah that one's got a tag on it
doesn't it
ha social so annoying
three big yeah don't you want to play
good because you're noisy I heard you
playing all morning and growling hey the
lunch today I'm gonna have this chicken
thigh and roast middly it's got like
broccoli and some roast potato and
pumpkin I think and look more flowers
came these ones are from Elizabeth Arden
so thank you Elizabeth other news
flowers are so beautiful I'm so spoiled
today so many pretty flowers so now I've
got to find another verse all again look
how pretty oh my gosh I'm loving all the
white flowers I just love the way they
look they're so crisp and clean
this one looks amazing is more pretty
flowers I love the pink oh my gosh these
ones are from Claire and Adrian from
makeup Couture NZ thank you so much guys
I'm so spoiled where am I going to put
all these flowers I can't get over how
pretty all these flowers are look how
nice there and then my other ones are
above all of the recycling over here so
they're pretty oh my gosh I'm obsessed
these ones I feel like sheep in the Sun
too seriously away is my house a florist
I think so I think it officially is I
just cleaned my glasses and now my
eyesight is really good all of a sudden
so I'm going to try on some of these
glycans outfits and decide what I want
to wear this week and also I'm going to
take a photo on the glass and outfits
for the post I'm doing today to announce
the meetup on my social media so I
couldn't decide what to wear oh my gosh
this lighting is really bad alright I
just realized that my LASIK eye surgery
appointment is really soon so I'm going
to try on the rest of the stuff soon and
do the post soon but I'm just wearing a
cotton on Jersey jeans a white fox but
hey this is from boo who realized it was
see-through after I got
so I'm rocking the leopard-print
Braswell apparently come on Louie let's
go let's go good boy mom got me flowers
to say hi mom hi mom
and Fricke's come to visit Louis so mean
to him look at him
Ricky's just trying to do his own thing
and Louise like hello nice little nest
if you're but sources obsessed with mum
I think he loves my mum more than anyone
else now going to find somewhere to put
these as well mum
we've just arrived at Hotel coachman
which is where they're holding the
consultations so hopefully this goes
well I'll vlog in there if I can I don't
know if I can or not this is the place I
you really like it due to bottom or the
secret to bottom line it's like really
blurry without squinting
there 0dp yeah just gonna just give us
an idea of what your prescription is so
you have a look at the a blurry
Christmas tree then through those rings
here and just look through to the green
yeah just realize you just keep them
closed
like shits all of it so I just got that
little test done and basically my eyes
are like a really weird shape so she
said it's probably not looking good um
we can do some more tests and just see
what happens but I'm not gonna get my
hopes up now Dave it was something I
really wanted as well okay okay I
finally pulled my hidden and settled
down a little bit did my makeup which I
found very therapeutic because I just
felt like today and I don't know
why well I do know why I've had some
stuff happen and then like the LASIK eye
surgery which you know it's something
that I really really wanted but you know
everything happens for a reason I guess
I just got to try and look at the
positives and there is a tiny chance
that I still can't get it done but I've
got to get myself up to Auckland and
like do some more tests and stuff we'll
just see what happens I'll keep you
updated of course man then I just felt
crap I got my period today which is
probably why I just feel like and I
just just feel like I've got very low
self esteem today and my makeup was
going wrong my eyelashes like I don't
know if you can see they're just not
sticking properly and like then I cut
them to look this one's completely
like coming off I just don't even care
just don't comment on it please like
just give me a day and they make out
today who I've got rose gold by Adhan
SIA not on my eyelid I've got a makeup
free but like orangey shade in my crease
I've got midnight cowgirl babe in the
camera and aquaian on top of the rose
gold I've got the full lash bloom
mascara on it so beauty the soulmate
lashes on my lips is a mixture of
serenity and the other like nude color
by dry cosmetics in matte lipsticks
there's only three colors so yeah
serenity and the nude one and I remember
what it's called I really do love these
I think they're super comfortable to
wear they're a little bit tacky like
when they're on but I can't really tell
them this I'm like pressing my lips
together and they lost really well so I
thought that'd be a good choice for
today so I have to keep touching up over
deny using any photos and stuff and then
I've got hoola bronzer
mary-lou manizer and then gentle blush
mineralized blush by Mac I didn't film
I'm sorry I just didn't feel up to it so
time to get over myself
and time to think positive and have a
good night because it's all my head and
I just need to cheer up my mum's back
now she was at my Nana's house before so
she's back so I'll go hang out with her
soon I'm just doing an outfit post
because this is from glycine's and I'm
doing a post stones about to die my
video would out today and I haven't even
had time to like share it on my social
media so I'm going to do that as well I
smell like every time it's my birthday I
have a bad day which is really like sad
really isn't it I'm so extremely
thankful that I've got like you know my
family here all of these amazing gifts
like not like gesso all their metas but
it's just like so nice to know that
people you know care about me like
people buy me gifts and flowers it's
just so nice I need to enjoy myself
I'm having some amazing fish mag do you
guys even have days like this we were
just like huh I quite like how many a
cup turned out even though my brows
weren't cooperating and I've got pimples
in my eyelashes are falling off if you
like this look I could always fill
McGarrity with me my birthday just
filled with tomorrow the next day or
something and just pretend like I found
it tonight it's not like a really
revolutionary makeup look but I feel bad
because I feel like I've done a birthday
get ready with me for the last few years
so maybe I will I don't know what do you
guys think I just feel like people hate
on me because it's not like a you know
oh my god Shannon all your makeup looks
are the same we'll see
happy birthday pictures to make that I
did I made a few special for you my mom
is a pro scrapbooker ah what is that so
it's just a circle and now I see I think
they're cute they have lights on them my
background yeah it's my thought and I'll
decorate them for however you want
glitter or painted colors or whatever
here where's this one taken and Italy
yeah yeah you and me walking the streets
of Venus this year I like this photo
frame 300 dolly I hope you like them
what hey crazy here settle down
I always say that I like because mum's
got someone that looks similar to this
that I bought her and I told her I was
gonna steal them because I like them a
lot
and so I thought that I would get shell
and some of its not know how much is
just coolin there's another this is
about the fifth bunch 100 isn't oh yeah
at first it is the best a frog oh my
goodness a stunning I mean it's got in
your spotlight yeah happy birthday love
from the white fox team thank you hi my
beautiful flowers already and then last
but not least I think oh hey Michelle
always do these almonds great cheese me
and Hannah Joyce did lots of different
ones BCG like the crossword one darlings
I got you some crossword ones yeah
you're welcome fishes oh love you too
darling you smell good oh thank you
we're gonna to know there's a so finish
everything now
yes it would be lovely in my nice
jewelry yes absolutely I don't haven't
worn earrings no dress y'all you can
wear those ones in yeah because they're
proper areas that's only the fake
earrings it like make me is also they're
a little bit bigger than those ones
because they didn't they couldn't get
any of those up we went looking a lot
pretty those are awesome thank you those
look right to make sure just looking up
closer in stunning are like okay to be
fake oh gosh they're almost as beautiful
as you this is the kind of my chin um
it's a little bunny because it is to be
a nickname bad used to be doesn't it one
nickname anyone well would it
oh yeah I guess I call you that
sometimes don't we so here are my
flowers from mum now that they're in
Avars
the space is sticking down funny he
needs to go up more so there's the
flowers mum got me and their mums
dealing to these ones and we're going to
find something to put them we run out of
buzzers that's for buzzers about this
fun here life is this one nah mom got me
this ages ago
it's usually in the background of my
videos but he's of ours
what have you got
see chillin
what's on your nails oh I hit some gel
polish done by top to toe and Tybee oh
that's just a nice paint with the just a
little silver glitter curious eye hello
my little goose we're on our way to
dinner and we're going to Lone Star okay
what are you getting
let me guess let me guess ready shanks
yeah shanks check it out before that why
get muscles come on
rescue etiquette ya know I've had a
couple of bad runs with muscles but I'm
feeling confident tonight I can bring
our monster
man and grande got me lots of scratches
little cover for the chief cajun chicken
again it's my fave I was quite I was
waiting to hear a lot of is it a good it
looks like a nice K what why what flavor
do you think it is Carrie or was the
other one I talked to another you lay
the cake you like it
splitter blue ears realize that we are
home hey guys so is now 10:57 p.m. well
past my bedtime we just got home like
half an hour ago just been in the lounge
watching some TV and having a chat
really nice to catch up with family and
everyone tonight it was a really good
night and good meal and good company the
food was amazing and my cake was amazing
it was delicious my mom did such a good
job she don't make it but she chose it
okay I think the look color lasted
really well my eyes a bright red from
crying today and we're in contact so I'm
gonna go wash off my face now and take
out my contact and I did get a couple
more gifts from family members which
I'll show you tomorrow because my camera
died tonight I'm just really tired I
want to go to bed so yeah I'll show you
in tomorrow's vlog and hopefully
tomorrow I can get a blood test
fingers crossed as long as my doctor can
get me a slip to get one done I don't
know we'll see what happens tomorrow I
love you guys so much and thank you from
the bottom of heart for all of the happy
birthday messages I got like thousands
today I can't even keep up each and
every one of you means so much to me
like anyone who's ever like watched my
videos supported me sitting nice
messages like I love you so much you
mean the world to me and thank you so
much for wishing me a happy birthday and
thank you so much for watching the slug
and supporting me I love you guys so
much and Zeus loves you too it is yeah
we love you all I hope you guys have the
best day and I'll talk to you tomorrow
