are you doing love you love you hey guys
from the GEMA a little while ago I'm
just making my smoothie so today i have
this is just like one of my standard
ones spinach mango blue braids i'm
coconut milk today protein in spinach
wait I think I said spinach
should we do a taste test yeah this is
like my favorite one I think we've got
some mail so let's see what we got
there's three packages and I know what
is inside one because Hamish got the
same one so let's do these two first
because I already know what's inside
that one which is yeah so this is just
some stuff from lessons because I am
doing a meet-up so I'm wearing glasses
clothing so I picked out a few things so
you'll see how it all looks on me in the
next couple days and then this is from
loving 10 Louis Vuitton what happy
birthday oh my gosh that's so lovely
thank you guys oh my gosh I love it how
nice is that oh my gosh oh my gosh it's
so pretty hey Thank You Lovington that
was so sweet this last package is one
from Rotorua New Zealand it's got a
little like a pimp a peck for like a
facial and in a robe Rotorua ends its
coolest hot spot if you guys remember I
think it was last year at the end of
last year we did like a Rotorua trip
they paid for us to go to Rotorua it was
heaps of fun and we've logged it so they
think that's this little gift
how cute okay just before I hop in the
shower I'll show you my outfit for
working out today
so this top is Russell athletic this is
one of those ones I got for sale at
Ribble's sport and then my shoes of
those Eddie days once again I'm actually
like because you know how yesterday I
was shopping on a source a donation buy
anything yet but I saved a bunch to my
like wishlist so I might buy myself
another pair because I like to collect
workout shoes right now that sounds
really weird but I like have a little
collection now I just love it I love
playing around with my workout outfits
because it makes them more fun to work
out and these pants are from that
Freddie up company what is it if you go
that they should come out but they need
to make your butt look better but I
don't know if they do but they're really
comfortable and good to work out and
like they're really tight and they don't
slip because some of my full-length
tights will like slip down while I run
but these ones don't
hello did you miss me I love you I can't
believe I'm turning 23 tomorrow I'm
getting old guys I'm getting old
we just got a new package arrived let's
do it besides l'oreal paris filler issue
okay
hello Roenick concentrate fills wrinkles
and plumps skin maybe my mom will be a
better tester for this I don't really
have wrinkles yet thankfully neither
does my mum lower I'm sure she has to
like it anti-aging de vie luminizing
serum voluminous
boy you might think so it doesn't even
say serum moisturizer what is wrong with
me
there you go mum have scored yourself
some new skincare I know she'll be
watching I'm just editing yesterday's
vlog at the moment it's almost lunchtime
just doing this any editing a couple
other videos and then I want to go back
on a sauce because I really want to like
shop I just feel like shopping do you
guys buy yourself bit their presents I
always feel like it's justified to shop
around my birthday because I'm like yeah
it's a birthday presents myself by the
way I think a good sleep last night
helped me because I don't feel any more
sick I still don't feel like a hundred
percent but it hasn't gotten worse so
there is definitely a big plus taking so
long to edit by the way I've seen some
comments on my recent videos asking
about Kelly like especially on the
videos from the weekend like from us all
hanging out as a group of friends the
reason Kelly wasn't there was because
she has like she works on weekends she
has also been real sick lately she's
just had some like I think glandular
fever which hasn't been fun for her if
you've hit that before you know how
exhausted you get you don't really feel
like socializing all the time when
you're feeling super super tired
we asked your friends don't worry
another thing is like Kelly doesn't love
being like a public again like shaving
go followed like a few months back
because people recognized her from like
my videos and she was getting followed
and she really does not like that at all
she doesn't like the whole like I know
that side of YouTube and then it's one
of the reasons she probably didn't want
to really continue her channel it's just
not her scene so don't get upset her for
that like even when I'm hanging out with
her in real life like if I get to catch
up with her like I'm not always just
gonna like film her like she's not
always just gonna be keen to be on
camera all the time like sometimes she's
came to like maybe one day we can film a
video together like for old times sake
and stuff but you know it's got to be on
her homes not everyone is cool with
being on camera
24/7 like you'll notice some of my
friends I don't film all the time
because they don't really end to it and
that's totally fine like it's not
exactly like a normal thing you know to
talk to my camera so here's what I've
chosen for lunch today is the eat brand
this time pull the steak with red
capsicum and I'm in pisto in BJ's and
there somewhere I think there's like
some potato and carrots or something so
here's how it looks beans potato carrots
and then at the pork in some kind of
gravy I don't know we'll see how it goes
thank you pretty good I thought it would
be kind of gross but it's not the BG's
are really good Louie you've really got
to lay off the alcohol is it becoming a
problem because I can call someone to
help if it is
I just found this girl on YouTube and
her videos are so nice I've just been
watching a couple so you should check
her out if you user name is Erin Scott
she's really pretty look at her while
I'm watching I'm just on a sauce having
a look through all the new arrivals
I might get assists with a sauce but I
always just put a list off my cart and
they never actually buy it like does
anyone houses do that on this website
it's just so much I get so overwhelmed
like I don't know what to like choose so
I've chosen some stuff and I'll show you
what when it arrives basically I like
some workout gear and some dresses and
things I've chosen the mushroom and
chicken pasta for dinner YUM
I feel like comfort food are you
watching some TV Zeus
what are you watching Keeping Up with
the Kardashians that's cool
yeah who's your favorite Kardashian
Khloe that's nice why do you like Khloe
do you want to kiss her
hey baby and playing alphabetty again
I'm up to level 49 that beer so again
lots of people have been asking what
this pill is take a screenshot so that
you remember Manuka doctor purifying
facial bill I'm actually going to do one
right now because my skin is breaking
out a little bit
they're playing at persona 4 at the
moment it's really really good
I don't want to talk about what it's
about because it pretty much goes away
the whole storyline but you should check
it out if you like RPG kind of games
that was so satisfying that was such a
big pity I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog and I will talk to you tomorrow
bye
