good morning don't know what my head is
doing just her Sharon faked hand and now
I'm going at to edit some videos it's
Monday I'm exhausted don't know why
they're really like lazy weekend so free
and still family didn't really feel the
need to vlog just curse didn't really
get up too much but I am vlogging more
so that's good I don't know I just
enjoyed having a bit of a mean to break
I like was barely on social media didn't
upload like instagrams like just took a
bit of a breather I guess like wasn't on
Twitter wasn't on Facebook blah blah
blah so it was quite nice just to relax
for the weekend and now we're getting
back into a full four so I've got my
nail appointment at 3:15 today and yeah
we'll see what happens
okay I'm gonna rinse this stuff with my
face I just put up my bathroom tip
cluttering up video so you can shoot
that on my channel now I'm going to do a
livestream makeup tutorial I think my
rooms like such a me seriously it's
disgusting I need it to actually like do
a million taqaddas in here I've still
got recycling and stuff from my last
declutter video like I'm so lucky to get
all these packages and everything but I
can't even like keep my space clean
because it's just such an in-flight
surprise all the time like it's almost
getting to the point where I just like
can't even open stuff because there's
nowhere to put the mess and like we tied
it up so much on the weekend and it's
still like like it's horrendous
like seriously I just need to do some
massive declawed ease again and get rid
of heaps of this stuff's just coming in
faster and faster and faster like these
PR companies are not slowing down it's
crazy
there's Oh consumerism I'm so thankful
and I'm so thankful because I can donate
a lot to organizations but at the same
time like I swear it's missing with me
like this it's just so much to deal with
this doesn't the sound like the biggest
first of all problem you've either heard
like seriously it's just crazy to be a
live stream guys so this is how it's
stuck it took my yet computer weird like
wire e-learning here's the brand this
was like Inception right now yo what up
it's a fuse chicken close fish my
livestream hits my makeup I'm using
extra Beauty Lucent I think my
cheekbones where is it yeah listen Mayer
occupied so beauty lipstick with a nude
brown eyeliner
I mean lip line underneath gold Digga
lashes Sheen expel out my eyes just a
really pale kind of muted purplish halo
grungy in this situation just smoky I
just like throw it on my brows etat like
the pomade and then yeah so now I'm
gonna actually do a Instagram story like
hold so yeah should be fun so I just did
my little Instagram whole keep the
Nicholas's it's naked fashion so now I'm
going to continue eating I've got an
hour until my nail appointment so here's
my before I should be eating something
I'm not that hungry to be honest so mmm
I know it's dead just don't have an
appetite today I feel like I ate enough
on the weekend to tide me over for three
weeks with eating like it was bad guys
made on my friends just junk food snacks
Indian food Pizza like the whole speech
so he showed you guys but like yeah
genuinely I just don't feel hungry I
know I should eat though
I don't maybe I'll just have like
something healthy for dinner or I don't
know maybe I'll just stir fry mmm by the
way my lipstick is naked wait I think I
already told you to knock him into a
naked lip liner with my Rakhi on top I
love this combination just makes the
pink a little bit more muted so pretty
now look what Hamish bought me okay
here's my before pistol look pretty it
dang it good that's two weeks all done
you can't even see like the pure
amazingness in this Lighting's it's so
bright I don't know why there's like
glitter foil stamping heaps I'll put a
photo up on my Instagram where you'll be
able to see better
I left them I went with the same color
theme
Haymitch got the chicken in reseller and
we got fries
it's a cauliflower state I've never
tried anything like this so let's do it
so yeah we ended up going out for dinner
I just thought I might as well just like
throw the whole day we're saying this
morning before you gave me their Danish
I was like gonna like I'm not hungry
just gonna have something healthy for
dinner and then like you walked in with
it Danish I'm just like well you know
what
tomorrow's a brand-new day it's totally
fun I'm gonna bring a Danish in tomorrow
no problem is you also got me a muffin
yeah what's wrong I know it was a very
lovely thing to do thank you how much
men got the groceries because I was so
busy today which is very lovely of him
because he's actually studying for exams
as well at the moment but anyways we
went to narrow for today's women moon
for ageless is like I really want the
risotto oh my gosh got there and they've
changed the menu and so I got that
cauliflower thing which it wasn't bad
but it was just good few things yeah you
just looked at the plate and you could
say like a large half coffee it's kind
of confusing to look at yeah it was just
like a big chunk of cauliflower
but I liked the capers and the
cranberries with it and it had like a
macadamia what was it puree yes oh that
was really nice but it was just like a
confusing meal no wasn't bad and I
thought I'd be really hungry after but I
wasn't I'm so stuffed I was like oh my
Kenneth Sunday on the way home I just
really top it off for the day you know
they're young waiter full of so much
they hit home now I'll probably play
more starchy belly that's all I did like
yesterday I am
and they might hey missus daddy plays
eight different games in one hour and
I'm just like sitting there for like
eight hours straight
I'm starting building so yeah off home
tell them what happened to you before we
were taking out the rubbish Oh God
before dinner had a white jersey on and
I was thinking I'm all good I'll just
take care about I was just like an empty
container and a head sauce a nut so I
was walking along with her and I looked
at the container and I looked at the
source container there was an entire
container you know say oh yeah this is
open any two closes so I quickly tried
to close it with my farmer wouldn't
close and as I okay now to be fine weld
all the way out towards the door was
almost near the burn went to go away
from the door the sauce container
slipped on the other container when all
over the beer all over it was rice in
there as well so the rice went
everywhere yeah in all over your shirt
yeah well over Hamish is not and by
the way what is the big light on a bag
like the light behind you is on
yes sir Hamish was raging that I kind of
laugh because it was kind of funny for
all of them hey Leigh was like oh my why
sure yeah oh that's what we need to do
when we your MoMA's put in the watch
don't embarrass me Lele you don't do oh
wait my boy what it like what what's it
trying to say if it'd be like 100 thank
you the camera know I'm sweet home just
put on a face mask good this is the
alpha H liquid gold smoothing and
perfecting mass if you watched my
declutter um bathroom video I showed
that's in another alpha H mask and I
freaking love both of them so much it's
this one and then this one yeah which I
used last night a year she was saying
the difference in my skin immediately
like I reckon this why some of these
simple is coming out too because I think
it's literally like drawing everything
on my skin and just cleaning it this is
just pissing me off and I keep making it
worse so I keep trying to squeeze it and
then I try to squeeze this one like why
do I do this and I know it just makes my
skin look worse I don't know but anyway
so yeah this one here is for exfoliating
it clarifying and brightening the skin
so hopefully it does a good job well I
know it does a good job I used at least
three nights ago anyway hopefully my
skin looks good tomorrow it's what I
should probably say probably won't
because it's actually just so destroyed
right now pimples everywhere now I'm
gonna do a sheet mask after to
moisturize because I've got so many
sheet masks I really want to start using
them all so I'm gonna try the big bed
mask it's again special edition quite
excited about this playing overwatch and
I am playing you guessed it like I have
a bit of a disease
it's true to deal with it my mosque such
as it means any like harness it's big
bird
oh I can't see it but also kind of looks
like Lisa Simpson a little bit
no stay put some crumpled stuff on my
pimples you cannot see laters everyone
they're like what's going on my skin is
just turning to crap for the dead food -
good night from Zeus
hey good night
in Louie somewhere in here
