good morning Zeus good morning today his
being a failed so far I set my alarm for
six like my mom just kept snoozing it
had no motivation to get out of here
oh so cold and tired so I didn't I
slipped it a little bit today just got
up and it's NAT o'clock I'm gonna have
some breakfast and then get some work
done there maybe later on I will take
dogs for a walk get some exercise in and
go to the gym at Hamish goes to Germany
he doesn't go the gym I'm just gonna
take the day off and go tomorrow ah I'm
so tired there's like a food from last
night everywhere so I'm just gonna tidy
up a little bit
edit some videos dunno what asked them
go in today I've got away my glasses for
like the next few days until I get my
LASIK eye surgery consultation and I
hate it already like I don't care about
how they look it's more like I can like
see the frame around my face that so
here's breakfast it's just that little
bird granola and then some banana and
I'm in milk we just appreciate how in my
pitches for my clothing haul this is my
thumb now I'm working on I'm wearing my
Fitbit oh like classy dress nice shoes
nice dress fit but my life so I just
finished doing a bunch of thumbnails and
I edited a couple videos I've got one
more video to get on this computer my BH
Cosmetics lips which is and then I'm
going to move into my filming room maybe
tidy up a little bit and edit some
videos that are on that computer store
like get all those videos finished
because then I'm gonna be eating
everything on this computer so I
finished my clothing haul as well so
that's looking good I've actually got
like five or six pre-recorded videos
which is really really good I feel kind
of a little bit sick which is a bit lame
I know there's like a flu or cold going
around New Zealand at the moment my
mom's real sick a moment with it
hopefully she feels better soon but I'm
hoping now I'm not coming down with
anything I'm not like real bad I was
just exhausted this morning a little bit
headache a sorcerer it's probably just
because of the weekend like we went
pretty him as you saw in the vlogs oh my
gosh I'm so tragic it's actually my
birthday Wednesday
and I'm in Auckland on Saturday because
Glassons wants me to hold a meet-up so
it's kind of a good thing it means that
I'm not going to be around all of my
personal three and so I wanted to feel
like I have to drink not like I do feel
like I have to dream it you know I mean
like you know it's my birthday and I
know that I want to celebrate but it's
kind of a good excuse to get up in
Auckland and just chill so I me and
Hamish you're just gonna probably in the
time alone go out for dinner and just
relax together because we've had a
full-on couple of weekend's previous
couple weekends so I'm pretty excited
about that in all means day we're going
out for dinner and stuff as well with
family so that's really cool I think I
might take the dogs for a walk zone
after I have lunch it's lunchtime now
because the weather is pretty nice
outside it's freezing cold door so I
might have to get blowing into his
little Jersey I feel bad I'm gonna throw
this out plus I'm pretty sure it's
expect what's the date today yeah it's
the 10th today's so this is expired but
I know not to get this one again I hate
wasting food but when does this one
expire I probably have to eat this at
some stage 13 I know that it's fine for
a few more days okay so I might have my
chicken thigh and Fiji's I'm gonna hit
this it looks so good
chicken thigh bumpkin potato and greens
let you served I know it doesn't look
very appetizing well I mean some of you
it probably does look appetizing but it
tastes so nice I don't know why I don't
know how they cook it it's just so
delicious and fresh tasting clearly
going where are we going you got your
Jersey on you ready to go where's your
color where's your color we going
you ready Hamish my new computer is
amazing it's like super quick to export
it happens like in a minute you go oh
really
system you guys in a second when I'm
back we're back home how was your walk
huh you tired now
your water's over there yeah yeah yeah
good boy
you did good Zeus it's time to clean up
again look at this mess
so I tied it up my room a little bit man
I feel weird with these like huge like
frames on hopefully I won't need glasses
for too much longer so in my new video
went up just under an hour ago so I just
been replying to comments a little bit
I've started editing my BH Cosmetics
swatch video and also have basically
finished cleaning my room I just need to
wipe down the bench and then I've got
all of that recycling in rubbish I still
have to get rid of in my room but they
don't have to wait because I get so many
packages and stuff and I mean don't get
me wrong it's amazing but I feel so
guilty the amount of rubbish where the
cumulate like my carbon footprint must
be awful I like to recycle but there's
just so much rubbish and so much
recycling to actually do that our bins
get like completely full
you can't drive the recycling down to
the centre and mate recycle yourself but
I can't be bothered so I just leave it
in my room until the truck comes and
gets everything out of there bin and
then I'll go put it in I don't know why
I'm telling you about this this is so
pointless oh my gosh so I put up my
video today and I called it should check
it reading with me feminine pink joy
chrome and soft matte lips this is what
the makeup looks like the one friggin
seems to be a picture on Twitter and
they're like just like happily like
they're like feminine and then they said
like good thing you have to say with the
comments dawdle something I can't
remember I was like well first I have it
disabled my comments thank you very much
because I don't disable Michael means
like ever and I was like feminine is
literally a word to describe like it's a
describing word imminent does not mean
girl I never said makeup for girls like
I swear this world has gotten way too PC
like I even read an article on Facebook
today about target apparently target in
America and I don't think this is like a
bad thing but it's also kind of like
really like basically they've gotten rid
of like boys diction and girl sections
and I know these days is like so much
more acceptable to like you know beef
you want to be but I see so many stories
of people like bashing parents because
they're like this is my little boy this
is my little girl like I've dressed my
little girl in pink or I've dressed my
little boy in blue and thankful are
going apeshit and it's like no if my
daughter or son is happy to wear that
I'll dress them however I want to dress
them if they kick up a his
first thing they're like no I don't want
to wear those and I'm not gonna force
them to it's as simple as that but when
they're they're young like you're just
gonna dress them how you want to dress
them and if you want to dress them in
pink then you will you know what I mean
I feel like people were just getting so
like people are just taking it so far
and I think to an extent it's a great
thing because I am a firm believer in
just being who you want to be
they're like some people just like it oh
my gosh people get like bra like that
it's like feminine pink joram and soft
mantlet feminine is like a describing
word for something that it's like
traditional traits of like a woman it's
saying something is pretty it saying
something is soft like not even
referring to how a person looks when I
say feminine it's literally like
feminine makeup pretty pink makeup no no
when I think of pink I think of feminine
it's just like people literally will
just pick every little detail until they
can like hate on you for something like
I can't believe people are hating on me
because I see a few minute ah I went to
how many people are gonna get angry at
me for saying all this just my personal
opinion guys as I say my personal
opinion I'm not meaning to offend anyone
I mean you are offended by the word
feminine I apologize look at these
pretty shoes that just showed up in the
mail time has flown by it's 6 p.m.
already I've been editing all afternoon
I think I got about the real full videos
done so it's been quite productive now
I'm just looking on a sauce because I'm
trying to find myself a bit there
present from myself you know how it is I
don't know if I'll get anything though
we'll say it's basically dinner time and
I can't decide but I feel like I'm you
sit at the gym right now and I didn't
end up going I just went on that wall
girlier um but throughout the day I've
just felt slightly more and more sick
like I can feel my glands on this side
are a bit swollen I think I've just like
overdone it this weekend like I think I
just haven't had enough sleep and have
just been partying too hard and my body
is just like yeah I'm gonna be careful
because the rest of this month is so
busy for me I don't think I've told you
yet but I'm like flying up to Auckland
to do a meet-up this weekend I have my
birthday Wednesday I've also got indeed
Fashion Week and like some other stuff
coming out real soon like some trips
overseas and stuff
which obviously I'll vlog as much as I
can but yeah it's not a good time to be
getting sick so I thought I would just
stay home and keep warm in lounge why
some dinner and then I'll probably just
go lion beard for the night and just
really relax like I think I've done
quite a lot of work today so I'm just
going to chill out and hopefully get bit
I have a decent sleep and try to get
myself to the gym tomorrow morning feel
like Skrillex or something so I picked
out the beef patties and vegetables for
dinner with my little muscle few meal
and I've just pulled this out of the
fridge as well I'm quite hungry and I
think some soup will be nice for my
throat so that is so now that I'm
looking at this I'm like okay that's way
too much food but we'll see how we go
just watching trailer park boys and I
feel sexy
and it's stuck so hopefully tomorrow
morning I wake up and I'm not I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog and I'll talk
to you tomorrow
believe bye
