good morning it's Saturday and it's 9
a.m. and I just woke up my bum hurts
really bad from the gym yesterday but
I'm gonna hit to the gym in about an
hour I'm so until then I'm just gonna
eat it some videos and I'm just gonna
have a quick like a rinse off right now
so fake tan on and I don't want to be
that person at the gym like running
switching and dripping like brown
everywhere oh my gosh last night you
guys was in teens like it was raining so
bad like our backyards see me flooded it
was so bad it was bucketing down so loud
it woke me up and I was in like in
pretty deep sleep and then I finally go
back to sleep after like half an hour
and then it was like thunder like it
sounded like the thunder was coming from
really really close like I must've been
within like a few kilometers it was so
loud like the dogs were
themselves it was scary
so yeah we hit a massive storm last
night let me know if you live in the
mono 2 area and let me know if you like
her as well it was so crazy honestly you
guys I woke up this morning in my fate
hands so dark like I don't know why it's
so dark this time they have to like
angle my camera playfully cuz I'm in my
underwear right now because I've just
been asleep and I sleep in mine do we
love that it's so dark let's see what it
looks like once I usually once at all
sorry I just got home it's 1209 and
someone in the other days vlog wanted me
to show you guys like my workout outfits
every now and again so I'll show you
what I'm wearing today it's nothing like
too fancy the rains come back really bad
today at the gym I just did a whole lot
of running I think I ran about three and
a half kilometres today and then I
walked another like three and then I
went on the cross trainer so I've got a
jersey on at the moment cuz it's like
freezing cold but I've got that it's
called a dry fit to singlet
by Nike I think these shorts are the
same kind of like line the dry fit and
that by Nike as well now my shoes at
Eddie desk actually all of the issues
they're super comfortable they look like
this and I think I got them off a sauce
maybe they're really cute and then my
sports bra I'll show you the edge it's
just from cotton on I think I showed up
my whole maybe so yeah that's what I'm
wearing nothing fancy but
comfortable and you know that's all that
matters at the jump did you miss me
Luthor's is hello big stretches you been
asleep you being asleep so silly and
time I haven't left yet we've cut the
lights was so dark they haven't left yet
but they're leaving soon from Wellington
and then Bevins coming over and John's
coming over just some friends are coming
over and we're just gonna hang out
before tonight
what are you doing hmm I've uploaded
yesterday's vlog now I haven't showered
yet and look at my cute little bug
behind me look at him the rains still
terrible I think Tama and Sully have
just left so hopefully they drive safely
because I just personally hate driving
in the rain it just makes me very
anxious and I hate it
I've got my hair up will pretty is this
a shower it's 1:15 I'm gonna make some
lunch I'm scared one of my meals all of
the new muscle fuel ones came in the
mail this morning I should probably eat
the ones that in here though the older
ones might just have the meatloaf again
was actually pretty good like I thought
it would taste really bad but it was
nice hi I've got my lunch and I'm just
watching Alfie while I eat so we're just
waiting for Sally and Tommy to get here
and an end it in crackers I don't often
snack but I don't know I just love the
stuff I'll show you what it's this one
here and this brand is the best it's the
cucumber and mint yogurt dip and then I
just have some crackers deli and time
I've just turned up so soon the dogs
will notice and I'll show you how ape
 the dogs go when they realize that
Sally and Tom are here
Loie someone's here someone's here
Hey Oh should've loved debates and cry
like normal come on
oh here we go come on now John's here
Louise flopping up who's here look who's
here hey it's not even focus on my hair
look so short now I'm came here and look
it's so long still but you look so much
love that that is like four inches
shorter
it looks good dialects or nothing yeah
it feels really good I like it
strengthens not so much like
are you doing straight here later yeah
decided me so hopefully getting ready
now it's only three twelve but we just
want to like hang out with friends
thirsty ah yes we're getting right now
let's do it before now yeah okay okay
that before I finished my makeup so okay
I'll show you what I used on my eyes I'm
using the st. paul de vence by nas do
art and then I've got the Joel intensity
injurer meter my inner corner and on my
brow bone and then I've got the like the
gossip I met I mean - I can't even talk
my crease a little bit as well and I've
got the fangirl lashes on again except
today I've layered like heaps of mascara
on top of them to make them look quite
thick on my lips I'm wearing stuck naked
by urban decay and then I have sand on
top so it's on my lips and my highlight
is Marylou on top of pearl cream color
base I think yeah which looks like that
on my cheeks the blush is I was so
scared I grabbed until I was like no
don't do it
it's too risky I was like I know but I'm
too lazy you go to my Jordan X you get a
different color but I just did it and I
actually love how it turned out we were
like yes it works
it's pansy pop by Clinic it comes off
really pretty on your chaise if you can
say it looks like doesn't look purple
thank goodness and that's my makeup my
foundation is now a glow
Sally's doing her mascara
she can show her makeup after me do you
want to show your makeup okay my bottom
lashes are still drying so I can't
really look down hopefully I think I
need to go over my little looks
tortoises I love which was the pretty
one day one we both use lots of nerves
Cambodia from NARS
oh my gosh let me open it with one hand
so pretty it's what I've got kind of my
like outer it's sorry but really softly
so it's sort of like nice and warm
anyway I have that on my lid and then
this other one called Outer Limits which
I think was limited edition
unfortunately and then also Cal God I
know
take off your Pecos go go go oh yeah
yeah so that's what's on my eyes and I'm
wearing the gold to Galatians from extra
beauty nice sheer glow foundation and
then I go bill did you with us - oh girl
um what else my hopes is like four
things mixed because I was just trying
on finishing and lipsticks but the base
is bitch perfect
yeah from Charlotte Tilbury
bois-guilbert lip liner and me I think
it was called and a bit of flesh pot
from it and I'm using it makeup forever
like a duo thing all my bronzer and
contour the shade one I think that's
about it
in dipbrow in my brows which is Toby
look I liked and that's our after soon
the robot oh yeah we need to like an
after post for a thumbnail or should we
wait we apply corner clubbing clothes I
err probably wait let's do one now just
in case okay I'm ready I'll show you my
outfit later we're gonna place them to
pitch now Sally's looking at flat
for that for what not even focus this
camera just like me and you move dude it
doesn't be the thumbnail you do have
like kind of people but people is that
how to lieutenant my will I pull
opposites except not yeah I'm really bad
at mixing drinks it's like wages euro
I'm using my watermelon mug and Sally
does this like cool thing by accident
oh sorry girls given now has a
girlfriend
everyone's gonna be really upset guys
this is why I don't laugh this is what I
got a me everyone's like and you're
so dis we go flip it you need to get
money you like the mineral gallon I got
her a Fitbit so I hope she lies it's
kind of awkward because you know
everyone else got a jewelry and makeup
and I'm like that good wrap it up
still they got me my early birthday
present to just sit in no it's not for
me stay water it's just like a transport
it over I love you fill me doing it yes
nothing big
yeah we didn't appreciate have enjoyment
if you guys have seen Shannon's bridge
she kissed a fiddle making it all over
I'm psychotic so more to end it's like
yes that is that's been done making it a
mess you don't succeed company nice to
meet you yes I love you with all of my
ass let's say my heart just because
Shannon likes pug McNiven enjoy and bye
Amy's 21st they've been taken minute
donut now
what are you weighing I don't remember
where that's from
and this is from Easter it looks really
good it looks nice on you you might have
to keep it it's too long for me it looks
nice it's like plastic
it's follows me up if I dance my knees
and my shoes are all taken in boy run
will be like is this your son
you guys have you guys hit what you
should have said man my son josue and
then everyone would all assist me or my
boy hashtag he's not my turn no you
should have CityWalk that kid and then
everyone would have pin it potato we're
to join in on this conversation
oh yeah
20 kids and she's wearing her favorite
dress how amazing does she look
sure Johnny have we find in watch my
bread good this is the kind of thing
that over here we go
not jelly
just chinnan's - in another in the 21
having good night yeah what about baby
put your bloody window up sorry oh my
god
babies fathers oh you reckon because I
will take some ot and open eye
