okay so I just got back from the gym the
same phrase every morning almost I
actually did a lot better I was running
today I took some your tips and like
practice my breathing and stuff and I
went for two kilometers and then I
walked for another kilometer and then I
did some like leg workouts and then I
did another like two minute walk
I'm the trip more just to like cool down
I didn't finish off so that was good I
actually improved a little bit so
hopefully if I keep practicing that I
will be able to run far in no time okay
I'm just gonna have a smoothie I've got
so much for me I have to do it because
basically on my birthday which is on the
twelve I've got a LASIK eye appointment
not to get it actually done but just
like a consult so I'm not allowed to
wear my contact lenses from Sunday so I
have to film today because tomorrow's
Sally's coming up in at Amy's 21st and
then someday I'm gonna be hungover again
because it's a 21st so I need to film
today so that I can have some stuff to
eat it that time like Monday Tuesday I
don't know what I'm doing on Wednesday
it's my birthday but I don't really have
any plans so we'll see what happens
and today's smoothie it's a really
simple it's just spinach half a banana
tons and tons of blueberries and then
protein powder I'm milk
yeah I'm so simple sometimes simple is
good so tell everyone what you just did
did you just get a bar you did you look
at your shaggy ears you look like a
little sheep yes
tell everyone how much you hate baths so
much eh you hate them so much
man Hamish got this in the mail warning
contains dry ice and there's like a
little dry ice like sheets maybe we
should wait to Italian time I come over
and we can all try them then you used to
play with it in science like bins you
and your squashing on people will try
them later in celli until my come over
hey you decided you excited to put your
friends to come over all right I better
get back to earth don't I always feel so
weird when I've only got foundation on
there's my makeup today I have at the
fan girl flashes on my cheeks is shell
cream color base and then this highlight
includes a pill there's a pole cleared
in the shade 13 and then I have just
like a warm brown on my crease and then
winged liner the black should I'm using
is by Urban Decay it's called a fetish
and then I've just got in a society of
the blue hills contour kit my foundation
is Chi Chi Feb and flawless so now I'm
just gonna film a whole and then if I
get enough time I might do my BH
Cosmetics loves to watch video as well
we'll see how we go
this would be me because I'm daddy
mansions in Malibu Abilene is finished
filming my clothing haul over there
still haven't made up to recycle all of
this recycling because I've been spin so
full hopefully this week I can do that
cuz I'm sick of it sitting in the corner
of my room anyway I've just changed my
top into this geek top I got this from
daily look eight years ago and I'm gonna
do a lip swatch video now on those bh
cosmetics lipsticks doo-doo-doo I wanted
to match what do you think so that Hall
was exhausting to film I'm so hot and
sweaty now like my makeups actually like
I don't know if you can see but it's
actually like wiped off here because of
me like putting on and taking off so
many tops and I don't know about you
guys but when you're very try on lots of
clothes like if I'm shopping if I'm
doing a try on haul no matter what it is
I get so hot and sweaty because I'm just
like getting changed so frequently and
yes I'm intrigued pens as well because
you know how I roll
kinda nail appointment in two hours as
well so I will film this head lunch
because it's 12 o'clock now but I'm just
gonna film this before the lighting gets
bed and then probably hit off till my
nails done they are a nightmare look
even this one's broken now like all of
my nails are just like broken so it is
now super dark so I just finished and
took out all my extinctions and have my
hair up in a ponytail well I'm doing
today now is editing I'm going to go get
my nails done and my neighbors and does
not judge me so now you gonna have some
lunch now
what should we have got a few meals left
I ordered some more last night umm
muscle fuel what would it stuck and I
got loads of those chicken thigh ones
cuz they're my favourite and it got more
of that mushroom past one because that
was amazing my hopeless one the beef
patty and potato and veggies cuz I like
potato its YUM who doesn't like potato
this smells so good oh my goodness
editing now so I'll just quickly show
you my outfit I've got my five dollar
cotton on boots on and then these jeans
are white Fox and then my top is white
fox beauty as well from my haul that I
filmed today make sure you wait until my
video if you want a discount code
because they gave me a discount code
that look how cute I love these jeans so
much I'm not sure when the video will be
up but it'll be up sometime relatively
certain hopefully in the next week and
week and a half or something like that
I've got my nail appointment now and
I've just got Jericho's minutes candy
kiss on my lips just put my hair in a
bun hopefully I look pretty into bull
enough for the real world yeah
so Liana made my nails look a million
times better I'll show you better soon
but I took in my Stella perfume because
I wanted the nails to match the perfume
because I'm doing a post for smelly cat
like a sale they're having later on in
the month I think it's a sale anyway I
can't remember but yeah can you see them
I want to go up to the window and pet
him he's sitting in the passenger seat
he's really big what kind of dog is he
he almost looks like a Labrador except
like massive so yeah I just got my nails
done and you guys saw how awful they
like tool and it made them look a
hundred times more presentable there's
still a bit short though so I might not
do a picture of my nails on my Instagram
like I normally do because people hate
on me and be like ear your nails look
ugly so yeah but they're just like a
really nice kind of movie nude pink with
a gold accent now because as I said I
wanted it to match the bottle that I
showed you the other day well yesterday
like yesterday I can't remember you say
the day before yesterday I don't know I
love this lip gloss so now I'm gonna go
home so now I'm gonna go home and edit
some more videos and oh my goodness it
is a three or 20s so the traffic is
gonna be really bad school finishes at
three it's made the same everywhere in
the world like where you live what time
does school finish a school time is like
nine til three I think or like 8:30 to
three depending on like the school you
two are so lucky that you don't have to
sit outside in the rain like most other
dogs hey I think you're very lucky so
rude I was driving home and it just
starts absolutely bucketing down with
rain again you can not tell what it's
not even raining out here very hard now
I couldn't help myself I'm not gonna lie
I feel kind of good win 53 other people
think I'm funny yeah Dawn's on camera
baby you know what to do with their big
fat butt wiggle wiggle
pepper bad bird bird first
whoa I'm still editing is 6:16 and
John's coming to pick us up because he
wants to go get Chinese food and so I
was like ok I'll go get Chinese food cuz
it was good as lost
time so probably the sauce stomach
tomorrow again because I'll eat too much
food but it's gonna be worth it hey
buddy
Lily likes this little sit up he's got
his bed behind me and then I sit here to
eat it
it's comfy a and then my cute little
fluffy buggers over there
ignore my feet I haven't painted my
toenails and like weeks there's like
nothing left it's so gross
Kim Lee can I know he's so soft after
his bath his fur just turns into like
silk it's so soft
can you see through the camera how soft
it looks so nice I need to give you
baths Morton but you don't like it do
you there's no reason to give him a bath
like he doesn't get a cheese skin and he
doesn't get dirty because they don't
really like to go outside real soon but
after a bath he just feels so nice and
soft like his fur just feels nice and
conditioned wiggle wiggle wiggle but the
bed bed bed
wiggle wiggle wiggle Victor dirt dirt
dirt just a little bittle louise on the
piss hey Lou
Brad Chinatown I got my Chinese food how
is it real good well I guess I'm there
she comes
yeah no you took most of them cuz then
when I came along to get them there was
only like turn bushy ones read most of
the holes got I did it before you came
along as well what sir rude John is up
getting his meal he was guarding the
table because we got some drinks well I
got water now we are off to black belt
because they do the best bubble tea
good boy we just got home now and it's
almost nine o'clock
Sally and Tommy are coming out tomorrow
now cuz the widows real bed and they're
tired and I was like you guys should not
drive in the rain because it's scary
it's like really bad with at the moment
and Tamar's supposed to be real bad as
well but at least if they drive in the
morning they'll actually be able to see
the road I'm so full so tomorrow we'll
try the jelly tips it's like I think
it's the kiwifruit pavlova flavour or
something I don't know they were like a
random experiment I don't even know if
they're gonna sell them or what's the
deal with them but I'm excited to try
them so we're probably just gonna hang
out and go to bed and just watch some TV
and stuff just a casual night because
tomorrow night is going to be a big one
so I hope you guys enjoy today's vlog
and I'll talk to you tomorrow bye
