good morning I'm so sweaty to say you
know sometimes it's Jen can you just
like way more than other days that you
not even like working hard I mean no not
working out you're not working out any
hotter they no more anything that's
what's happening my face is like
disgusting uh so it was a good workout
today um
it's 9:00 almost 9 a.m. and I'm going to
eat it today
finally it's more of those tutorials not
I got the Chi Chi video done but I want
to get some more of those tutorials done
and I've got like two from like probably
like two weeks ago that I haven't
finished yet and I want to get them up
at some stage I was just forgetting
driving home what I was in driving but I
was checking my phone and someone's
flipping on my car I mean on my
Instagram because I haven't replied to a
comment she's basically saying like that
I am the rudest person I'm gonna just
grace and that's did she say oh and by
the way I'm set and she's lifts comments
everywhere and I'm selfish I'm a
disgrace someone was like hey she's busy
and she gets thousands of comments and
she's like no I see her own snapchat
playing with her dogs sometimes I'm like
okay so am I not allowed to have time
off like you just cannot play some
people that's what I'm saying you cannot
please everybody so oh poor need to
understand there I'm only one person I
do everything myself I do all of my
office work all my emails I do my Italy
I do my filming I feel montage channels
I'm uploading daily them I'm going to do
three videos on my beauty Channel awake
I go to the gym I try to eat well I want
to spend time with my dogs in my family
and Hamish I'm a 1 I'm only one person
I'm not a forgetting superhero right am
i right so no it's breakfast time I
don't know what I feel like I feel like
protein pancakes do I feel like a
smoothie I think I feel like a smoothie
I think today I'm just gonna have my
classic spinach and blueberries and
banana because yesterday's my hit coffee
in there and I am NOT making that a
habit I don't like drinking coffee often
at all it's like definitely a occasional
kind of thing for me breathe mango by
the way this workout top I'm wearing
today these are some of my favorite ones
that by Nike and they just super thin
lightweight material
they're really good to work out in
because they're so lightweight like got
lots of movement and they don't make you
all like I don't know how to describe
like when you sweat it doesn't feel
heavy and yuck it's really breathable
banana Guinea sunny a little bit of
almond milk I'm not mix my almond milk
and coconut milk yes I might do some
good brain stuff I hate it but I need to
start having at least a couple of times
a week just because it's full of good
stuff
this is what you call a green smoothie
delicious I didn't put in a full scope
of good green stuff I'm trying to like
get myself used to the taste because
usually with me if I hate something I
can like wean myself into it and
eventually I'll start liking it usually
hopefully if I just keep earning a
little bit more I like it so I use like
half a scoop which is still packed with
nutrients so I'm still getting some
benefits but so it's now twelve o'clock
I'm about to have lunch and I have just
edited all morning done thumbnails and
emails and stuff so nothing worth
vlogging if you know what I'm saying
I've got some mail one thing is from
Kevin Murphy to do so open and also I'm
so shocked you know how I bought my
computer yesterday see it on my website
like it would be ten days or something
before it would arrive it literally
turned up like a minute ago so it came
overnight and we didn't order it to
yesterday afternoon like how nuts is
that oh I'm pretty excited to open it up
and see what it looks like and
everything to make some room that I'm
gonna like go buy a disk or something
here's what we have untangled what is
this like a serum and a little note and
we've got this texture comb and I guess
this is where the other stuff is I need
to put away all my makeup I haven't had
time love Kevin Murphy packaging it's
like the cutest packaging of a I like
how it's like dipped in purple
leaving conditioner detangler that's
kind of cool I don't really get naughty
here though I don't know maybe I'll try
it
what's this comb go second that's like a
little oh my gosh my mom loves these
combs real pro bends up stealing it off
me
why tooth combs are really good for wet
hair to get any knots out if you're
getting out of here when I was a little
kid I used to get the worst knots and
this was like the only thing that could
help them so thank you Kim and Murphy I
love your stuff so for lunch I'm pretty
hungry today I got a couple months of
the eat meals because I really liked
them as well I might have one of these
meat loaf Drive meatloaf or this pork
steak or ass I have chicken tomato pasta
which that was the one that I didn't
really
mushroom chicken possible it's amazing
it's so much pasta recently or beef
patties and potato which also looks
really good
visions decisions I might have the
meatloaf don't get me wrong I'm like
really excited to open up this box
except I don't want to open it until I
actually have a disc to put it on
because you know where am I gonna put it
otherwise I've already got this one out
hey Zeus hello hello little bunny rabbit
you remind me of a penny ribbit
sometimes you do oh look how happy you
were
I love you and you you sure are the
cutest
look at you Oh beautiful people tell me
to throw it ready ready
we'll go outside and do this I think
bring it to me Lily well he's like um I
think I would rather stay inside didn't
go out there because it's cold come here
come on come on what's wrong for you
come on it's been raining and they know
it because they hate the rain come on
it's go fine I'm not gonna play with you
then
yes so ungrateful
come on pretty
this is the grumpiest dog ever when he
plays oh really so here's my meatloaf
for lunch and I'm just editing some
thumbnails and doing some video stuff
and then I'm gonna look for a disc
hanging out me and my mate hey hey me
and my mate
give you everyone a kiss sweetie me he
doesn't like you
sorry balla was just reading my comments
on my facebook as you do and there's a
photo someone's private parts in the
comments really I also really enjoy this
comment what is your favorite color
mine too seems like we are soul mates I
am currently editing this video finally
it's so pretty but I feel like I'm
really boring in this video like I must
have been really tired when I filmed
this because I'm not really talking that
much so now I'm like oh god people
leaving that I like it I'm so quiet and
grumpy sounding conquer the struggle oh
my goodness guys ok so it's 2 o'clock
and look how close I am to 1.9 middle
like this is crazy to me I oh my gosh I
can't even do I love you guys so much
why do people even watch me
like what look how massive this box is
Louie comes to you next to it yeah
come to Phoenix to it look so Suze come
here sit sit
wait so rude that's big like so big it's
like a TV
I just hit into town to try and find a
good pewter disc that I can make up as I
need it in the lounge for my new
computer we were able to grab the more
models so that's a bonus because it
means I don't have to actually make them
up myself
yay it's now just gonna go home and move
that bookshelf out of the way ok so what
I'm thinking is I'll move the lamp don't
know where I'm gonna put that yet move
that bookshelf to this area and then
I'll move this one somewhere else I
don't know where I'm gonna put it but I
just think that one over there is better
for the space maybe I don't know let's
see how it goes so I've got this one
here now that one I need to put
somewhere else too but I've set up this
which I think looks quite nice
obviously oh my gosh all the dust in the
air it just dusted and then the
computers here I feel like I need some
like artwork whoa I need some out we've
got their home floor and over look we
can sit down behind me and then I've got
this chair here which actually I'll put
there no cute little workstation there
was tons of room in the end and he's
just at our house right now because it's
her 21st this weekend and she's
panicking about trying to find something
for what are they having a dress-up day
these are selections so far it's like a
little closed shop in here we're
narrowing down the pile Amy's gone now
we found the perfect address it's
actually one that I got off Baker Marie
like a urine a bit ago and I haven't
worn it before but I've like taken up
with me overseas flights special events
and stuff and then she tried it on and
it was like amazing so I'll show you
what she looks like on Saturday night on
her 21st she looked so good it's now
dinnertime it's 20 past 6:00 and I am
very hungry so I'm gonna have one of my
meals we have beef Paes and potato which
I don't think I'm gonna have beef
patties and potato I had lots of
premiere today for lunch
um mushroom and chicken pasta I could do
another pasture run since I'm like on a
roll at the moment well there's a tomato
I'm kind of putting that off because I
didn't like it
I've got pork steak or meatloaf as well
okay I think I will go with the mushroom
one and then I'll have the other pasta
and the beef patties tomorrow I need to
order some more meals it's how my place
and all right I'm just gonna get mostly
those chicken thigh ones because they by
far my favorite and they're probably the
best for you as well he's denying it had
some sacrum as well that was so amazing
like that was the best Passover the
chicken in it was amazing and the
mushrooms tasted so good and I don't
normally like mushrooms that much like I
don't hate them but they were really
good I just set up this clubbing it get
rid of with me for tomorrow's upload
which by this time you watch this video
and see the upper radial almost operator
Friday 2:00 p.m. you Zeeland time and is
now almost 8 o'clock oh no semen do so
I'm gonna finish up work and head to bed
and relax for a while I'm playing
alphabetti and we're gonna put on
trailer park boys while we relax tonight
what is at the time it's 8 or 6 so yeah
that's my night I heard guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I'll hopefully talk to
you tomorrow
