hey guys so I just got back from the gym
got some packages here so I'll show you
what's inside miss again wearing my
Pikachu cheeks again someone wrote that
and they call me the other day saying I
look like Pikachu with my little red
cheeks is a gym I love it
I've got a meeting in an hour or just
going to breakfast have a shower and get
ready for that don't know how exciting
today's vlog is gonna be because it's
yeah I'm not doing much and do much at
the gym today I just went on the cross
trainer the entire time what somebody
owes Alex's New Zealand candy video went
up I'll link it down below and Hamish is
pixie care home video enough which I'll
also link down below so I was like at
the gym on the like cross trainer
watching all these candy videos kind of
funny I know where this is from it's
gonna be smelly cat I can see it from
the little wrapping paper demo how
pretty is this bottle this is from
smelly cat Coto indeed I think the
website and then I also got some stuff
from my friend Stacy who's a blog I'll
put her blog link down below well I mean
I paid for it myself but she got it for
me some of that neck limb collection
more dazzle shadows and I really needed
a new set and hope so got that I think I
probably have a couple of these now
because remember mixing me some so I'll
let you figure out what to do with the
double-ups love the packaging on these
by the way I could finally cut off my
nail it's kind of just like split but
it's growing out far enough where it's
not like hurting or anything anymore so
thank goodness for that it just looks
really really ugly I just need to go get
my nails done and I don't know so all
the nails out I have no idea why they're
all breaking all of a sudden because
usually my nails are quite strong and
usually they grow pretty long and making
one of my favorite smoothies today which
is a bit of a like sweeter one you could
put greens in it as well I'm not going
to today because I just feel like having
something really sweet and delicious but
you could just add in spinach and stuff
as well I guess but it is I'm and milk I
always get on sweet and I'm a milks I
think the sweet and I don't know it just
tastes like but and then a big banana
and then I use some coffee like chunky
caramel coffee my protein a few chia
seeds and then mango and I so here is
how it's looking if you try something
like this it's actually really nice if
you don't over blend it like if you just
blend it until there's still light
chunks if I say chunks of coffee in it
and it's like really good oh it's so
nice I don't drink coffee then often
unless I'm like dying and tired but this
just tastes so nice like I love the
taste of just like coffee
like not like coffee inside boiling
water and stuff but just like coffee I
don't know if that's with sorry I was
just in a phone meeting for over an hour
exciting things and nerve-wracking
things happening so I got more packages
of course while I was on the farm Louis
knows had to go absolutely mean to what
the postman what did baguettes look at
you belly wrap
yeah it's stuff from whitefox boutique
middle hall Louie is so chilled he's
just like a love sitting like up on my
chest like a little baby like he would
stay here all day every good thank you
yeah
what is it doing hmm it'll he'll sell at
the moment Hamish is helping me pick and
you editing computer cuz I don't know
you've probably heard me complaining
like the last few days how slow my
computer is and how often it just screws
everything up and how often it just
corrupts stuff and it's slow and it lags
and it freezes that it's just it's just
old and overused like I probably it is
it like 500 videos on it at least
so I'm investing in a very expensive
computer it's basically like an upgraded
I make
and hopefully it will improve my
performance hopefully it means I can
like pump out more videos and stuff like
that like well not really pump out more
videos but just do it in a more time if
it doesn't matter I'm letting Hamish do
it because I know nothing about
computers at all and excited I have to
show it to you when it arrives even
though it'll probably just look like
this and I eat it in the lounge a lot
because I like to get out of my little
filming room because I just feel cooped
up in there if I'm in there all day life
like if I'm filming Beauty videos and
then like it is in there all day I just
feel like so like claustrophobic so it's
coming to the lounge but I'm actually
thinking I might like take away this
book shop and actually sit up a little
tidy desk because like a desk would be
about the same what does this anyway so
I might set up a desk here in the corner
and actually have my computer set up in
here for editing and then I can keep
this computer in my filming room but
when I'm filming to like be able to see
myself and take the photos and stuff my
videos if they make sense a mesh
painting steak and potato since moving
out for dinner last night and I didn't
have my chicken pie you know I said it's
like my favorite it's gonna have it for
dinner last night gonna have it for
lunch today because it's so delicious
what are you doing
hi this here's my lunch
this um mesh is like the best thing on
the planet Louise looking and like
someone off Star Wars I'm like editing
and here's just like resting his little
hit on me so I hide my hair up and um
you know those like turban towel things
that I use to dry my hair faster I can't
get a good angle right now where is my
oh I almost put my tea everywhere I had
my hair up in that towel thing drying my
hair the whole time I was on that phone
call and usually I don't have my hair up
in a towel for that long and it's just
like strange my hair feels like so
amazing lately people keep asking for a
hair care routine but it's so basic that
I would feel kind of like I was ripping
off people if I upload a video about it
I don't know is that something that's
actually interesting to watch I don't
know let me know we already have another
version of the secret app I'm making
which I haven't told you what kind of it
is or what it does or anything but it's
really exciting and it's looking so
freaking cool cuz you know what I asked
it like super emotional reading humans
New York it's like my daily thing
just like restores my faith in humanity
like there's so many amazing people out
there and it's like everyone has a story
and that's what I always say like don't
bully people because you never know what
someone is going through like you could
just look at a person and not know
anything if you don't follow this page
you should although I'm sure most of you
know about it it's basically just a dude
that goes around interviewing people in
New York usually but at the moment he's
in Pakistan that you just interviews
people and then will write a little
blurb like sometimes it's a paragraph
like this or sometimes it's just like
one sentence and he takes a photo of
them and uploads and it's just so
interesting and like I don't know it's
just cool you guys should check it out
if you haven't seen it Rudy
yeah I finished it success it is now
four minutes to six so I am going to go
have some dinner
are you hungry to him you hate dinner do
you want some dinner what does this edge
when I tell me but for my video
pregnancy test Louie has not proceeded
to climb on top of me you used the lava
cut it was dying here huh
look how I'm watching I love you - what
are you doing so for my dinner I've
chosen a lamb and kuma curry I freaking
love kumrah and then I've also got some
oven baked pita bread chips chili and
lime these are supposed to be a pretty
like not good for you but they're just a
little bit bitter than like other chips
and things I thought they'd be hung with
the curry taste test
mmm-hmm look up so here's what it looks
like I spilt it everywhere already I'm
gonna put it in a bowl I think well
Shannon you've outdone yourself tonight
you great chef you let's give it a taste
Oh hot this tastes ridiculously
unhealthy but apparently it's still good
for me and apparently it's still got
lots of protein and stuff so hey I'm
halfway and I'm dying and it's quite
spicy but I like spicy food but if you
don't like spicy food just be careful be
careful with your tongues okay so I've
got this on again this is the one I used
on Sunday and I honestly feel like my
skin has looked phenomenal over the last
like a few days so I wanted to do
another one tonight and can we
appreciate my mask game look it looks so
perfect I looked on the packaging as
well cuz someone was saying if it hurts
my beard hairs thankfully it up
then I should peel it from my forehead
down but then I just cheat I was like oh
my god that's such a good idea but then
I just cheat the packaging and it's like
peel it from your chin up to your
forehead I guess cause it like helps to
get stuff out your pores on my own so
now I'm torn
let's try peel it off
oh I don't think it's Rudy okay okay
it's not ready so we're getting ready to
watch I think is it food Inc it's the
set or is it a sugar one no I can't me
water it's called but we're watching
we're watching a documentary on Netflix
I've been wanting to watch at the ages
and like it's been out for ages and lots
of people always say how amazing it is
so I'm gonna watch it after we watch it
I'll report back and let you know if
it's good and if it's worth watching I
feel like a superhero ah let's not dry
ah Hamish is just looking at me like why
do girls do this it makes my skin look
so good I can't even get over it I don't
think I've ever used a mask that has
made my skin looks so like just perfect
an airbrush like naturally oh my gosh no
no this is coming off Oh
monobrow monobrow oh oh so we watched
fat sick and nearly did the first one
was amazing we just start watching the
second one but so far it's just like
promo promo promo so I think we might go
to bed now but honestly ii nearly did
like the first one was really good and
quite inspiring and like a lot of what
he said was so like correct you know
talking about like healing your body
from within and just making better food
choices and blah blah blah you should
definitely watch it if you're like
trying to be a healthier person or not
be a healthier person but if you're
trying to be like quite health-conscious
it's like worth a watch so now we are
going to go to sleep I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I will
hopefully talk to you summer
