good morning I just got home and I am
exhausted like I feel a little bit sick
I'm real hungry so I might have some
cereal today I love a little bit food
the cereal and granola is like
especially this is so good and I was
kind of craving it so I'm gonna have
this so here's my breakfast I've got
both kinds of granola and cereal a
banana and Greek yogurt and almond milk
I'm so delicious um I'm just eating
breakfast now and then at the same time
I'm eating yesterday's vlog and then
once I've done this I'm gonna go shower
um I think I might just dry shampoo my
hair I can't be bothered washing it it's
not too bad it's not too sweetie and
then I'm gonna film a couple videos
today some beginners videos so that's
gonna be fun I did a beginner serious
like years ago and I've been wanting to
update them for ages so I'm gonna do a
few beginners videos again so it's my
plans but today I don't really know what
else I'm doing I'm spirit I'm so tired
today I'm always so it is 11:18 a.m. I
just finished filming focus I filmed a
beginner's foundation video and I also
filmed a beginner's eye makeup tutorial
like a really simple I just ruin how to
blend and what brushes to use and what
goes where and all that kind of thing
it's obviously not a revolutionary I
look it's just so easy for beginners so
you know for people that don't even know
what I shadow is hopefully it'll help
them out and then I did a foundation
beginners video on like how to apply
foundation and how to match your
foundation and how to find a foundation
shade I actually worked with cheating on
this video so I've got all of these
shades lined up here because i swatched
them all in the video as well it took a
long time and even though it's sponsored
all opinions of course are my own you
guys already know I love this like I've
used it tons before recently like redone
the formula so it's even better now it
doesn't oxidize or anything and I've got
so many shades and they also
emailed me and told me that they're
releasing like five more shades so
there's like a ton of shades so
hopefully that video comes and helpful
and hopefully people like it of course
the foundation video like you could use
any foundation you want and apply the
same technique and have a very similar
outcome I'm not saying that people have
to have the chichi one but it's
something that I recommend myself anyway
and it's something that I recommend to
people that are starting out because it
is one of the more affordable ones that
you can get in New Zealand and it's easy
to find and I've got really good colors
compared to some other brands that are
affordable so feel free to watch the
video and just use whatever foundation
you want this is just what I like and
I'm gonna do a beginner's like makeup
collection video it's some stage like a
beginners makeup starter kit
recommendations or something
I don't want ages ago but I want to do
an updated one I also want to do a
high-end one of its some stage two but
I'll show you like three or four
different foundations in that video if
you don't want to get the chichi one for
some reason
I'll show you like all of my favorite
affordable products in their video I
don't know when I'll film it though I
probably might film it for a week or two
we'll see how we go so my filming is
done for today I filmed those two videos
hopefully I got enough footage and
hopefully I explained everything
properly it's so stressful doing because
obviously when you're not a beginner
anymore you forget what kind of things
you need to cover but I tried to explain
like every single step as I was doing it
so hopefully hopefully it's good by the
way on my lips I've just got a even
decay I'm lip liner it's this one here
called stuck naked and then I've got
candy kiss which is my lip gloss
drag is minutes on top lots of people
say this together this would be too pale
for them but you can put on top of like
dark lipsticks and it looks amazing like
I've put it on top of colours like
what's that really popular one by Mac
velvet titty
Isabelle but today it's like gone out of
my head is it I think you know like
those like brown Kylie Jenner colors you
can wear on top of them and it creates
this kind of same effect it's all bit
darker you don't just have to use it on
top of nerds even though I love it on
top of notes because I love nude lips
sorry I think me and I'm just gonna go
take the cata gate claim soon yes I'm
not cleaning it myself because when you
spend a lot of money on a car you want
it to be cleaned properly may
I cannot clean cars I wouldn't know
where to begin I can like scrub it down
with a hose by don't know how to wax it
I don't know how to do all that so I
just pay someone else to do it so it's
done properly because I would rather
just looking after my car then attempt
to do it myself and do something stupid
I need a piece so bad right now here's
my super trendy outfit these track pants
are from cotton on and they like become
fierce like awesomest pants ever they're
like super baggy around your crotch if
I'm wearing my Peggy Marie necklace I
got another package yeah we just got
some mail we just got some new you oh my
goodness this packaging though look at
that it's like a laser cut and then
there's a mirror that folds over and
then there's a shadows on that inside
that is what you call it a shower is
such a pretty color like a little
kitchen as well and this is in the shade
pink me up thank you so much ghilane i
don't even know if that's how you
pronounce the true name but her give it
my best shot guys on counter 17th of
august exclusively at Smith & Co is
Queen Street Auckland Cody and stone
Wellington Valentine's Christchurch
here's some of the pricing I don't
remember her name
we just got back from dropping off the
car by the way her name who's the Royal
Kate you know the one that had the
babies recently I don't really follow
the royal family she always wears heels
and apparently she wears this brand of
insoles to keep her feet comfortable so
I bought some
they were like kind of pricey but
apparently they're amazing so I'm gonna
try the bout need some wear heels I'll
let you know if they work Alice
Bou that was sold out for ages that's
why they took so long to get here
because apparently she said in some
article or something that she wore
there's and then all of a sudden
everyone went out and bought them of
course the influence of celebrities in
royalty right when we pick it up I'll
show you how clean and sparkly and
pretty it looks I forgot to show you how
ugly it was before it's like so dirty
it's got like dust and mud caked on it
everywhere the weather sites today I
totally called it last night you know
how I took the dogs for a walk I called
it the wither turned to crap today
it's like raining and cold and miserable
let's have some lunch
what time is it oh that's fun I mean 112
what it's 12:30
it's what I was supposed to say I'm
gonna have chicken meatballs pasta I got
so much pasture I'm not recruiting out
one bitch this looks so delicious I
freakin love meatballs and then I'm
saving my chicken thigh for dinner
because it's like one of my favorite
meals I think it's my favorite one I've
had in general check out this with a his
bucketing down and came and tells her
the camera of course so I'm just editing
at the moment I think we'll have to go
pick up the car sometime soon I just
exploded yesterday's vlog and all the
audio got real screwed up so now I've
had to wait like half an hour nor an
hour for it to export I really wanted to
start it as hanging that Chi Chi video
but I haven't been able to so I just sit
there enjoyed all my house it's taken me
the entire time
honestly emails take up so much of my
time I hate doing them like I've got
summer and I say all my lips now by
Gerard cosmetics I was testing it out
because I wouldn't tried them out yet on
my lips so this is the one that many MUA
created I feel like we haven't had our
daily dose of dog today where are you
where are you huh hello you're so cute
he has his look up against me what are
you doing why did you get your teeth out
hmm look at those pearly whites
he's like mom rainy with us was sleeping
stop annoying me
he got out it with the blade cut by
himself by the way that was in me was it
so right now little mesda and we're off
to pick up a bike huh it's just being
done I'm getting cleaned it's 3:30 man
Hamish have been working on some EXO
beauty stuff all afternoon nerves and
like really exciting things happening
actually there's about four really
exciting things happening but some of
them you won't even find out about for
like a year and a half but some of its
coming really really soon so yeah we've
been making lots of checklists and doing
lots of work and I think my vlog it's
finally working it's uploading at the
moment here's our baby this is where we
get our car cleaned it's at the Plaza we
just dropped off at other Caribbean Sea
because we realized that we were driving
around without a warrant as you do so
now we've got an hour until we pick that
up again so everybody's going home so I
can check on my blog and then come back
and get it so today it's been such a
random like all over the place day like
I had it in my mind so I'm going to stop
I wanted to get accomplished and it's
just like not in happening it's just
like the world's against me today the
car looks so pretty so I just got home
we just went to picked up the car from
beating indeed picking it's warrant and
it failed because apparently one of our
tires is like cutting into the middle
part of the tire holder I don't know car
stuff so that's interesting so we have
to get that fixed of course it's a bit
scary Hamish is at the gym at the moment
because he didn't come with me this
morning and I'm trying to talk him into
taking me to Lone Star for dinner
because I'm creaming Lonestar and I just
feel like I've had such a rubbish
unproductive day I can't really say that
though I mean I still got my vlog up
finally after frupa
I worked on XO PD a lot which I probably
would have put off and then been
stressing about that tomorrow the nice
day if I didn't do it today and I did
filmed her videos got the car cleaned
and did the warrant of fitness so I mean
I can't be too hard on myself but I was
just really wanting to edit another
tutorial when they treat video and stuff
but
ah okay editing is the bane of my
existence sometimes I swear sometimes
it's fine and furious and amazing and
relaxing and great and then other times
I'm just like oh I don't wanna otherwise
someone said in the comments about Lois
needing a jacket inside and everything
he does have jackets he bloody hates
them on days when it's super super cold
we do put the jersey on and regardless
but in our house we have the heat pump
on like 24/7 so I has a very very warm
he's just a really funny dog and he
loves being under covers in general like
honestly ice video in the middle of
summer he will sleep inside my bed with
me and Hamish in between us like cuddled
up to us it is not fun it is just like a
sweet fist but he loves it he just
thrives on like being under blankets and
things so don't worry about him yeah I
promise you he's not like suffering or
anything I'm just reading the comments
from yesterday's vlog about the whole
eating disorder thing and I just want to
tell you guys thank you for being very
understanding and very kind
some people like stop apologizing and
stop explaining yourself but I like to
explain myself like I think like me
explaining myself in certain situations
does help other people and you know if
it's gonna help at least one person it's
definitely worth doing I'm not just
defending myself for the sake of like
whinging or just for the sake of
defending myself like I feel like there
is a point to doing it um so hopefully
my big spiel on eating and health and
everything hit home for somebody out
there I just like being honest with you
guys and I do feel like you know I know
there's some people out there that are
watching me hi haters then I'm probably
just sitting here like oh Shannon ooh
and like writing hate about me on like
Facebook and on like hate forums and
things what up but there's also so many
of you like tens of thousands of you
like each day are tuning in and I feel
like we are friends and I feel like I
can be so honest with you and open and
it's like therapeutic for me as well to
be able to like talk to people and like
get stuff off my chest and really you
know communicate it's a nice feeling
sometimes it's kind of hard talking
about certain things with like family
and friends
sometimes it's actually easier just
talking to no one and then just getting
the feedback at the end of it your
comments and everything I don't know
yeah so if you don't like me ranting and
raving about all the time it's not
gonna stop because I just like it I like
just talking and like words diarrhea you
know who are you spying on Louie huh did
the kid out there yesterday when I took
him for a walk I forgot to tell you guys
there was a cat outside and he flipped
 like he wasn't backing Edit he was
trying to run away he was crying he was
so scared of it it was hilarious and
this Kent was just sitting there with
its ears or like back and its tail all
puffed up Louie was freaking out
plus there were like a good five meters
away from each other you're so funny
you're the biggest worse I know but you
like to pretend that you're tough
Hey look how handsome you were
I love you oh my gosh you guys I have to
show you guys this hey Kobe I hope to
show you guys this Instagram account yep
that's my finger
it's called
Neko rules if I can even show you
because Louie is getting all in the way
Diego you can see how it's about at the
top there this is literally Louie's twin
look they replied to me I was like oh my
god it's Louise twin with a picture we
can see better it's like identical like
I swear I wonder if they were from like
the same litter or something like does
this not look identical to my part okay
you can tell I've got the same little
tip tails I've got the same little feet
I've got the same marking on their nose
the same marking on their chest they've
got the same like black is like look at
the markings on his face
is it your twin honestly I think that it
must be your twin so funny he loves
scratches sometimes you scratch them for
a while and then he'll get upset if you
stop and he'll like nuzzle you he's like
no but see if he does it
yes
his specially loves under here in his
armpit if he's laying down he likes it
when you like grab his armpits what do
you want hmm I love you here's my other
bag I can hear him snorting oh thanks
normed are you doing are you doing
what what shall we do a throwback
Tuesday the day we got Louie I think
that might be was that his dad or his
mum look a cute oh my god Louie come
soon
oh that contour is horrible in
there is he's my little Louie
oh my little bag he hasn't changed one
bit
look at that little expression on his
face he's so cute
Louie is being rude and he keeps making
my mouth off the couch but this tongue
the other side of his mouth what is your
tongue doing I'm sorry it must have been
annoying do you still love me
do you still love me thank you Kim look
at this computer dog give it back so I
just brought these because someone at my
blog yesterday recommended them for the
couch I talked about the couch yesterday
and how fluffy it is some people said
that that coming out will work but it
doesn't it just does not do anything I
think my vacuum cleaner just sucks in
general also I do have a lint roller is
I think I said this yesterday but I must
have like edited it out
I have lint rollers but there's just so
much fluff that I literally like have to
pull off the sticky bit every like two
seconds so it would take me like a
hundred rolls of lint roller to actually
get all the fluff off and even then it
would probably take me like 24 hours
different and clean this one and that
one over there so we're gonna see if
this is a more effective technique I'll
test it out on camera when it arrives
and more like have a go with it
hamish and I made a deal he's gonna take
me to Lone Star if I go to Mission
Impossible with him tonight so I have
taken the deal I am so excited fill in
stuff so here's my outfit it's not gonna
focus is it so I'm just wearing my super
a giant woolen Jersey because it's
casual but another Jersey underneath
because I always freeze that the movie
theaters and then these are just dark
blue jeggings and then I'm just wearing
white shoes to kind of lighten up the
look a bit more everyone always hates on
me for my white shoes but I like them so
I wear them so I got changed again
because I decided my Jersey looked too
Seki and I grabbed this jacket and I
thought it was mine but it was actually
languages that Hamish said I looked good
at man so I'm wearing it anyway well is
it mine Stein it's raining so much oh
you can't even tell it's like
bucketing down right right now like it's
really really bad with us so we're
trying to find a pack like really close
it's not happening it's not gonna be any
pot sorry there was a half-hour wait at
Lone Star so we would prepared to really
do that especially because we want to go
in the movies in a bit and we don't want
to be rushed so I think we might go suss
out the gallery which I've been there
with my mum years and years ago not any
time recently and Hamish hasn't been
before so we might try that out and see
what it's like I really wanted that
barbecued chicken lung I had cravings
for it
this minion so look good I'm gonna get
this looks so good hamish got some
scholars flesh it looks really good I
mean I got the bruschetta oh my god
that's a lot hamish got there was at
stake or beef or some beef something and
they mines the chicken and risotto
I've still got serenity on my lips it's
like blasted very well Ashley that food
was amazing oh my friends chatting off
it's really really good and now I am
incredibly full I overate 100%
definitely but it was really good the
mushroom risotto was like so nice I'm
usually very earthy about risotto like
there's only one other risotto I've ever
had that I've liked but I liked that one
so now we're off to the movies gonna go
submission impossible I'm kind of
excited so we just got out of Mission
Impossible me and Hamish agreed it's
like not a terrible movie but it's not
amazing I mean it's probably worth a
watch I don't know if I'd like go to the
movies too soon I might have like waited
to a DVD or something but it was okay it
was just like real predictable I feel
like I don't know it's just my opinion
so we're on the way home and my camera
is about to die so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and up to here
tomorrow hopefully bye
