hey guys just smashed out my workout I'm
so happy then I went to the gym today I
was very tired this morning still feel
like hungover
so this sucks but I just thought I would
go to the gym it's nine o'clock now I
didn't get up very early but today I'm
going to spend some time editing some
videos I might actually edit that get
ready with me I felt and get that up
maybe this week we'll see how we go I
don't know what my upload schedule looks
like I have to check my calendar so
we're going to do that and I might put
away some of these clothes because it's
starting to get ridiculous yeah it's a
bit crazy I've got some packages so
we'll open those together later I'm just
going to make my morning smoothie now
I'm starving my Stoke still feels Fe um
probably from alcohol and pasta so worth
it it was amazing such a good pasta if
you want good pasta go to kappa it's
this so the gym today i just did some
running first because my legs feel a lot
better after having a couple days off
I ran actually really good today I feel
like I'm slightly getting better it's
like my goal for running is just to
start getting better at running I can't
run like I'm better at long distance but
for some reason I just get tired
probably cuz I'm not fit enough to run
like really good I know I don't have the
best lungs I'm going to go into much
detail for my secondhand smoke not my
own smoking obviously I don't smoke fun
fact I've never smoked a cigarette my
whole life I feel like it just kind of
like fixed my running a little bit I
don't really know how to breathe any of
you guys have any tips leave them down
below it's something I really want to
get better at I used to be really good
as I said it like long-distance running
light with cross-country and stuff I
used to be really good they just stopped
practicing training so I don't feel like
you know my main issue is I just need to
push myself at the German like try to
run further each time or like you know
yeah it's so tired so I did a little run
I think I did a couple kilometers and
then I just power walked on the trip
more for a little bit and then I went on
the cross trainer and I did like I
worked out so hard I tried to keep my
speed over a certain amount and then
after that I was so close to my step
goal my foot bed that I just kind of
like walked on the triple to cool down
yeah if you were really good didn't do
any weights or anything um yeah there
was my workout today I should probably
eat some break
I'm angry so here is I've got mango
blueberry spinach banana protein powder
chia seeds coconut milk today I'm
thinking about doing a video on like my
favorite smoothies like maybe I could
like do three or five or something and I
thought it'd be kind of cool video idea
go oh my gosh it's not even plugged in
is it this is my daily struggle hmm YUM
it's very banana hurry today I'm like
uber sweaty right now but just before I
have a shower I'm just gonna head I'm in
smoothie and I just want to address some
comments from my vlog which would have
been the day before yesterday's
basically I was reading the comments
like this morning and I guess you could
say one of the reasons I was like
working out so hard today
like I really kicked my own ass today I
was just like kind of upset and
frustrated not really frustrated I don't
think that's the right word to describe
my feelings but in the comments there's
been like a few people saying which is
actually really lovely I'm not like
angry it's definitely not anger um but
some people were saying that though
words that I have a eating disorder um
the part that got me more was the fact
that someone said that they used to have
inner Ixia or I'm sorry if I didn't um
I'm sorry if I'm like saying this wrong
I'm sorry if like this isn't fair like I
really just quickly read the comments
because I was just like her and it was
really early this morning when I was
reading the comments um my mom's hurt so
much from holding the camera just saying
that I was kind of like triggering them
so I'm going to address this first I am
so sorry if anything I ever seen any of
my vlogs comes off as triggering and I
don't want you guys to write down the
comments and like being maintained
anyone because of this because this it's
like I don't want that I don't want you
guys to like bully each other it's the
worst when I see people doing that my
comments I hate it I really do like
everyone is allowed an opinion as long
as they're respecting myself in other
people you're allowed to have your
opinion however if that turns into hate
and if you're just being an asshole like
obviously I'm going to block you if I
see your comments
rude for no reason at all I'm in a block
you but you're allowed to have your
opinions you're allowed to say
Shannon your beds hideous why do you
never make your bed as long as you say
it a nice way if you say thank you ago
so you're such a lazy bitch
then you shall block you anywhere going
off-topic don't be mean at people saying
this but anyway if anything I ever say
offends you um maybe like something I
say creates a trigger in your mind
I don't know I guess I can't censor
myself that much you know like
everything I do I'm sure like everything
I say could be taken offensively by
somebody but not someone else you know
we all have different things that we
take offense to and we all have
different brains we all react to things
differently and if anything I ever say
offends you or triggers you I mean maybe
just stick to my beauty of videos
because it's so hard like this is just
my life and I can't sense in my life and
I can't just sit and say everything I
say and I can't censor Haymitch I'm not
going to see it Hamish like we're just
going to talk about what we want to talk
about and we're going to do what we want
to do however I am obviously respecting
other people I'm not just going to go
like saying things that I think will
hurt people's feelings because it's not
who I am I wouldn't do that anyway but
you know where I'm going with this
sometimes I just feel like no matter
what I do people will try to take it the
wrong way like there's just people out
there that'll always try to look at the
negative of what I say go watch my
heart-to-heart video let's just all be
positive lips will be nice to each other
let's just be happy and positive you
know like the other day when I said that
I don't like doing giveaways with my
spirit stuff and stuff I buy because
people aren't thankful minute say thank
you
like there were all these people saying
like oh my god that's so rude like me in
it like they didn't take out of it what
I was trying to get across that I do do
giveaways your companies and I like to
give my spear stuff to people in need
and I think that is a good thing I feel
like there are a lot of people out there
that are in bad situations that have had
bad luck that weren't you know they're
not having a good moment in their life
or like they're just in need in general
and these are the kind of people that
would be thankful for things so I would
rather do that didn't give it to
somebody that can't even message me
thank you someone said why should we
have to say thank you like you're here
because of us but I'm sorry I don't
agree with that I'm not even going to go
into that and then the other part you
know about me having an eating disorder
I guess some people didn't see the vlog
the other day you know the one that I
talked about like my goals with my
eating and with my working out all the
time I work out because it makes me feel
amazing like it really makes me feel so
good about myself it puts my whole day
just like in a positive light I enjoy it
it's a great place to just go and have
some me time and just relax and like
obviously at the time it doesn't really
seem relaxing but it is kind of relaxing
it's kind of therapeutic I don't even
know if that's how you pronounce that
word it's just I just feel great I feel
good about myself and I feel positive
and I feel like I'm doing something good
for my body because I am somebody that
believes that exercise is important you
know 30 minutes a day go to push play or
whatever so if people are worried out
about me working out too much later I
don't think I work out too much I try to
work out five to six times a week
I don't go over what I'm not gonna be
there at the gym for three hours
straight and if you want to do that
that's fine anyway as long as you're
being responsible and not pushing
yourself past your limits I think most
of us know what our limits are so that's
you know whatever and then was my eating
like I slipped out something the other
day saying like oh how is this only 200
calories I wasn't meaning it in like a
glorified way I wasn't thinking oh yeah
I'm only eating 200 calories like oh me
like that wasn't what I was thinking I
was just shocked because it was such
like a nutritious filling meal and was
only 200 calories but you know it's just
because it was bitch doors and fish it's
a healthy meal I'm not trying to like
deliberately under nourish myself or
like under eat or anything I'm not
trying to eat 500 calories a day or
anything silly like that I eat enough
calories I count my calories to an
extent how do I explain this like I
count my calories and I student to make
sure I'm not overeating because that's
one of my biggest problems if I'm not
calorie counting or I'm not wearing my
food is sometimes I'll just make too
much food and I'll eat it all and that's
not healthy
unless me and Hamish are doing an eating
challenge what else and like they were
saying that every time the reason
I'm a something bad I'm pointing it out
I'm so not angry at you guys for like
this don't take this like I'm like being
all like weird don't say that about me I
think it's the sweetest thing ever that
people genuinely like care for my
interests that much that they you know
think of something like that I'm not
even going to say I do or I don't have
an eating disorder I don't think I do
but I mean I haven't been through an
eating disorder I don't really know you
know I don't know the other day I talked
about my goals as I see it my goals are
not to get skinny my goal is to feel
great about myself going to the gym
helps me feel great about myself and I
know they're eating it is like balanced
a diet is so important for you you can't
just live on junk food all the time and
you can't just like go to the gym but
then live on junk food all the time it's
not healthy like even though you're
going to the German maybe you won't look
big I hate this word even though you may
not look like you're fat or whatever you
can still be very unhealthy on your
insides you know you can still have
problems and heart attacks and just you
know like fit inside your arteries and
all that kind of crap so I like to eat a
balanced diet I don't even mean to like
point out every single thing that's
unhealthy it's just in my mind like I
like to be conscious I don't know if
that's like a trait of an eating
disorder as I said I don't think I have
one and hopefully this isn't if in any
one way as I say I'm just trying to
speak my thoughts and these are my
opinions and everything we're all
allowed are handsome I opted I'm not
trying to get then I'm trying to eat a
balanced diet I never ever feel guilty
when I eat junk food unless the only
time I feel guilty when I'm eating junk
food bed food and healthy food is when
I'm not working out and when I'm eating
at too often then I start feeling guilty
because I know that I'm not doing
anything good for my body when I eat
healthy food it makes me feel very good
about myself and make like because I
know that I'm doing something good for
my body you know I'm eating like
vegetables or whatever and I don't eat
healthy all the time like I have bread
breads not that good for you I mean in a
balanced diet of course and that's what
I try to do some days I feel like a too
much bread but you know what oh well I'm
doing
is to kind of like go in a good
direction and that's why I've kind of
started with those mill crip like
companies it's just so nice having like
a really healthy meal prepared for me
because that means that it's just so
easy I do live like I know it doesn't
really look like it sometimes but I do
live a quite busy lifestyle I do have a
lot to do every day maybe that's why I
like the bit doesn't get made all the
time that's why there's like you know
stuff around the house and you know I
feel like this video is going to be very
long with all this blabbering so yeah
in my lifestyle I will go to the gym and
work out it makes me feel good
I will eat junk food sometimes and I'm
sorry if I point out that it's junk food
it's just like as I said I'm trying to
like like remember in my brain like
Shannon this is a sometimes food it's
delicious and it's amazing and it's good
to have it every once in a while but
it's not an everyday food it's bad for
you and then when I'm eating my
vegetables and things you know it means
I don't have to feel bad about eating
bad food as well it's a balanced
lifestyle at least in my mind I just
feel like it's a good balanced lifestyle
to have like eat junk food if you want
junk food but also try your best to
nourish your body and try your best to
keep a little bit active as I said the
other day I still felt good you know
when I was big or fat as people online
like to call me like like as I said I
put on weight because I had some health
problems and I wasn't proactive at
taking care of myself both in the ways
of actually being proactive to try and
like help myself with my health like
that the problem I'm not going to go
into detail as well as just being so
exhausted because of this and other
factors of this that just made me eat
bed not go to the gym as often as I
should and then I didn't eat like all
day and then I'd like ate too much at
night so it'll be like one meal a day I
feel like there is a way and a healthier
way to live than what I'm doing right
now I'm just really trying to like steer
myself in a bit of direction this is my
opinion so don't shoot me down for this
but I don't care if you have thin or
short or tall or fat or curvy or
whatever you are like it shouldn't
matter
you should still feel beautiful and you
should still love the way you look I
just this is my opinion I know there are
some people out there they're like I'm
thin and I eat junk food all the time
and I'm
hippie or I'm big and I hate junk food
all the time and I'm happy but in my
opinion I feel like we should all make
an effort to try and eat some nourishing
food I think we should try to you know
work out at least like three or four
times a week and just try and like get
your body moving and just do something
good for yourself it's really important
for me like no disrespect to my mum and
dad but neither of them had the best
eating habits growing up my dad's like
very thin he's one of those people that
can just eat whatever he wants heats
terribly my mum like did unfortunately
put on some weight and it was after she
had me actually when she got pregnant
and had me like I guess her lifestyle
changed or I was incredibly unhealthy
growing up like I was like a chubby kid
for a while and then I got really thin
uhm at like intermediate school and in
high school and then at the end of high
school I got lazy again I got really
lazy never ever worked out and ever
walked
I drove everywhere like you know once I
got my license everything I was eating
terrible food I never ate vegetables or
anything I just ate bed all the time I
started putting on weight again and then
like obviously I changed my eating
habits and I started watching my meal
sizes and that's when I lost weight I
did that how I lost weight video and
then my channel blow up from there
because so many people were like yes
like it's not about a secret drug or a
secret technique it's about getting up
and moving and just try and make better
choices with your food you don't have to
eat perfectly you don't if you do kudos
to you I don't know how you do it it's
about just watching what you eat and
it's being conscious about it but not
obsessive you don't have to be obsessive
I'm not going to like feel guilty if I'm
eating McDonald's you know look at me
like yesterday's hungover I had toasted
sandwiches I had passed I had pizza I
mean that's not healthy but you know
what I didn't feel bad because all week
I felt like I did a really good job at
the gym and I ate well part of me having
this kind of lifestyle right now is like
I want to make sure that when I have
children one day that I can teach them
good habits growing up and you know
teach them they're being active is fun
like I never got into sports or now it's
a little like I would love to have a kid
and like you know be like hey what kind
of sport
to do and really encourage them to do
that and just encourage them to be
active and play outside like I'm going
to they can have a Playstation if they
want but I would love it if they would
just have enjoyment and exercise and
enjoy fresh air and enjoy working out
and enjoy like fruit and vegetables and
enjoy junk food as well when it's
appropriate I don't believe in taking
those things away I know some people do
believe in just completely cutting out
everything and that's what I did do for
a while but I wasn't as happy I guess I
don't know I like to be able to treat
myself like why not you only get to live
once and I feel like you should deserve
to live however you want so this is just
my opinion and you're allowed yours if
you enjoy your life with that exercise
all it matter it's totally up to you I
would just love to see my subscribers
have a nice long healthy life and I know
that some of us have things happen twice
that you know means we can't do that
there are so many awful diseases and
things that happen to some people but I
just believe in trying to do the best
for yourself like you have to look after
yourself as much as you can as much as
the universe lets you my end goal is not
to be thin my goal is to be healthy and
obviously my body is going to change in
the process because that's what happens
and that's fine like I'm sure all of my
body just as much if not more because
I'll feel good here's what my followers
to know you know I'm okay I think I have
my struggles of course I do just like
everyone else but yeah I don't know I'm
gonna go to shower because I'm starting
to cry so I just finished editing
yesterday's vlog and now I'm gonna start
cleaning up a little bit because I house
is a pigsty
um I've caught up on my emails I didn't
get like any important ones over the
weekend which was amazeballs because
usually I wake up on Monday I have like
50 so it's like a miracle
hopefully my email is not broken yeah um
so I'm just explaining this video and
then I'm going to import my get ready
with me footage from my clubbing like
the night for last night when everyone
was Saturday night
um and edit that up I haven't actually
worked out what video I'm uploading
today
better do that because I've never missed
an upload in years so I don't want to
start today so I kind of lost track of
time it's now quarter past twelve so I
thought I'd have some lunch my stomach
started rumbling I was like what time is
it
so I finished cleaning out all that I
haven't put the clothes away yet I've
got to do that next that job looks
intimidating and they are not stored
stuff on the beach to tidy up but I'll
show you what's in the packages first so
we can get rid of them there's that one
and then there's actually two more by
the door
okay so now let's see what's fine I'm
gonna have one of my muscle fuel meals
or whatever their brand is I forgot by
the way I'm working my waist training
too I hope see the like oh my god don't
with him there's so many health risks
and everything but I've done my own
research I suggest you do the same and
then you can decide if you want to do it
or if you don't want to do it I don't
work out with mine I find them like way
too restricting to work out and I just
don't see what the point is at all that
I like to wear it during the day for a
few hours I don't really wear it a lot
like as long as they say you should so
maybe I'll start wearing it properly for
a bit and then I can do like an update
for you guys I just like it because it
helps me stand up straighter I'm well
aware if you wear them too often
can stuff up your posture but that's why
I still do workouts in everything if you
just rely on always train on 100% rather
than like working out and everything can
make your late muscles a lot weaker so
your body really like depends on the
waist trainer so yeah if I'm gonna bring
this a lot I should probably start doing
more like core workouts so we have
chicken tomato pasta that's when I had
the other night and it was average I
don't know about that one I might have
something with veggies or actually no I
might have something a little bit more
filling for lunch on my spag bol
something and then have a lighter dinner
because I sometimes try to eat a little
bit less at nighttime and have a bit
more during the day when I need more
energy
so this is the speedy bolognaise the tag
got a little bit wet I've been on a
pasta buzz lately haven't I I just
realized I've had it like every day for
three days in a row has zero regrets and
Zeus want some but he can't have any no
you can't no sorry
shh-shh stopping moody so I'm just going
to eat this and I'm going to edit my
vlog well I've actually it is it already
I'm just going to upload it and do the
thumbnail and everything so I have now
put away all the clothes put it away in
my drawers so every single item of
clothing I have that isn't dirty in the
washing basket is now in my drawers and
in my wardrobe it's almost two o'clock
and my video is almost finished
rendering because I'm going to do it
like slightly spit up I'm not going to
do it like crazy spit up this time just
like a like a little bit spit up because
with my get ready with me videos I like
to just have it like kind of and edited
not completely understood but just kind
of unedited and then I put nice music on
top of it and then that way if you don't
like my music style you can just pause
it and play your own so I'll edit that
once that's done I think it's got about
five more minutes to go so I thought we
might as well open up the packages and
then once I've open up the packages it
means I can like finish cleaning up the
kitchen as well alright what is in here
I haven't really been sent any stale
audible full of this exciting neon
zeliha it's beautiful such a nice color
it's like a really bright pink okay
there's not actually any information on
this collection I don't think so there
is this like bronzer it says
illuminating powdered jelly oh it feels
really nice
oh it's like a highlighter I thought it
was like a hot out bronzer but it's just
like a really kind of I don't know it's
like a pinky champagne of Brahms color
thank you stale water this smells really
good by the way it's very fresh and
sweet at the same time what way does it
go there we go
Packaging is really nice and then all of
this arrived as well which it's all from
the same company I don't know what the
company is though
holy crap I don't even know what's in
here this is out of that courier bag and
then this just heaps and heaps of stuff
I have no idea where this came from
where did this come from so in here we
has something from it keepsake we have a
couple of outfits oh my goodness I just
put away all my clothes and I've got
more what is this this looks nice oh my
gosh this is cute check there
see mid collective or cameo a collective
what does that say I don't know oh my
gosh that box is cool ah that's so
pretty
it's like a high neckline at midi dress
such a pretty pattern here's some more
from that same brand again Finders
Keepers impulse this package is so
random what's this oh my goodness this
is really pretty as well it's had shots
like a v-neck MIDI with a little split
up top I love simple stuff like this
same brand again this time it is a
one-shoulder like blue dress it's very
like heavy like it's a really sturdy
kind of fabric yes oh my oh my gosh
they're so pretty
uh-huh and note it is from bunker
fishing bunker so thank you guys I love
everything so far I'm not even done
going through it hey guys so it is 505 I
edited a video and finished cleaning up
the house and now I'm about to take the
doggies for a walk just before dinner
it's just a really beautiful night
tonight the weather's really nice so I
want to take advantage of it while I can
cuz you know tomorrow it's probably
gonna rain or something and then I'll
regret not taking them out and they
haven't made on a walk this weekend so I
better do that hey you excited he
doesn't know yet
I haven't finished a bit coming the
kitchen out yet but done a pretty good
job so far
finish up the dining room and then the
kitchens all nice and tidy and the
lounge is nice and tidy as well even
though Louise's kind of like messed up
all the pillows already but that's fine
that's always gonna happen isn't it hey
don't go for a walk do I go from hook
did you say how fast is head snatch back
just then do you want to go for a walk
yeah all right so we're all ready aren't
we are we ready
come on let's go come on Zeus Kimber
Zeus
I'm not gonna vlog because I'm just
going around my neighborhood and there's
not really much to vlog let's be honest
so I'll talk to you guys in a minute so
just tell everyone how tired you are and
you you tired yeah pause I was
struggling to catch up near the end
Louie was okay I definitely think there
are a lot more tired at nighttime
obviously got really tired didn't you
maybe it was because it was really
really windy outside hey I love you they
were both looking at me for a
post-workout treat went here so we've
got a bit of care at each one for my
Zeus and one for my Lily
now I am absolutely freaking starving I
could smell everyone's food like when I
was walking past their houses I could
smell like garlic bread and I could
smell like roast or something like gravy
or something like that barbecue maybe I
don't even know it's not so good so I'm
absolutely like craving food right now
these meals are freakin delicious so I'm
going to have the chicken thigh pumpkin
potato and greens and I'm also going to
have some soup because I'm really really
really hungry and I don't feel like I've
had much food considering how much like
working out I've done today so I just
wanna make sure that I get a little bit
more energy before I feel sick later
this is the leek and potato soup so I'm
going to have this and I'm excited so
here's what dinner looks like oh my gosh
I'm so excited to devour this so I put
the blanket all nice on the couch pull
oh so nice on the couch and then this
little bug with this little tail just
destroys everything this is why our rug
is always messy this is why we never
have pillows out because it just gets
missed out doesn't it bags I can't even
find you I hope your woman there he's
cute though so you can't get mad that
food took me as solid like 45 minutes to
eat but it was really good the soup was
really good as well except I think I put
way too much paper in it because it was
spicy
because I don't think it's supposed to
be spicy I don't know still tasted good
though so you know whatever Louie has
now stuck his nose out so he's like in a
little cocoon he looks ridiculously cute
hey Lou you warm you warm someone was
saying like oh my god clean your couch
there's so much pee here on it but
that's because this is basically Louie
and Zeus's couch it's not really a couch
it's their couch because they claimed it
and they just sit on it all the time
seriously though does anyone have any
tips to get Pierre here at a furniture
I'm pretty sure this is just stuffed
luckily this was a really really really
cheap couch was on clearance it was like
dirt cheap
I've got like a pit here I've got like
lint rollers and stuff there's just too
much pit hair and I've got this pit here
like scrappy thing but it doesn't really
work so I don't know maybe we just stuck
with a here couch Hey
I just had a shower and got ready for
bed now I'm going to eat it for the rest
that night Hamish is off to a friend's I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I'll talk to you tomorrow hopefully I
