Jesus say hi everyone I should be at the
gym right now but I'm not I know you
said I said I was gonna go to the gym
but all those like weights I did
yesterday I have it killed me my
shoulders and my arms and my legs I
really really saw today so I'm taking
the day off so I should get out a beard
I don't even know at the time is it's 9
a.m. almost I don't know what I'm gonna
do today probably it's just chill out
do you mind
so ended up watering from that muscle
fuel food service website so let's have
a look what's inside here it's kind of
falling off I really want to fake almost
looked hugest thing I really want to
fake tan but I can't be bothered prob
so here we go so half of these at the
Hamish and half her for me
he got the big size so I guess these
ones are mine the light ones so that's
the small side tight red you get which
is still a lot like it's a lot of food
where's Hamish this one here we go he
got the big size oh that looks so good
steak and camera and potato and greens
kind of looks like my foundations to dot
for me I don't think it is I used the
bronzer that new one here it is
Elizabeth Arden one I used the bronzer
in the pink on my cheeks the pink up
there but they're real brown on on my
eyes I used the shadow sticks from
Elizabeth Arden these three head is like
the pinky one the brown one but they
were quite sticky so I just went over
the top of them with the where they have
been decay because every time I like a
blinked my eyes were like heck it was
really gross what else if I use I've got
bitch perfect on my lips by Charlotte
Tilbury and then I've just got my brows
done normally oh and the foundation is
two-faced vanilla on this way so there's
my face up and an iguana is a makeup
revolution rose gold can we just admire
these lower lashes oh and I almost
forgot my perfume today is one of the
scent bird ones Wilson bird fragrance
thingies this one is Tom Ford black
orchid I only put on like two spritzes
like really small spritzes because it is
so potent and strong just smells really
good like it kind of smells like Cologne
if you watched my perfume top ten video
you already heard me talk about it but
it kinda
I was like Cologne but a little bit more
girly but I don't know it's quite unisex
some outfit is very simple I'm wearing
this off-the-shoulder Jersey and then
just some skinny jeans I'm pretty sure
the whole outfit is from misguided I
forgot to have breakfast so I'm just
having one of those meals it's just a
really light meal it's just some fish
and some veggies I want to get some food
soon in like an hour or so but I'm just
like absolutely starving right now so
I'm going to eat this and that'll mean
when I do come to have my junk food at
once you know I won't like gouge on it
so here it is just peel this off this
whole neonate is a couple hundred
calories Howell all finished it was
really good really tasty and it tasted
really fresh as well it was kind of like
if he about getting the fish because I
didn't know if it would taste like fresh
but it did yeah and then you look so
funny so it's such a low Nick hello
hello here comes oohs he can't miss out
today via he was so silly
look guys I'm rocking a denim on him
bringing out my inner can K I'm so
matchy matchy today these shoes are from
this bag is Prada this jacket here was
from a wild pair Timmy I forgot to bring
my big to show you the whole outfit so I
changed my ticket I'm wearing my pagan
Marie one now so we've decided we gonna
go out for lunch well don't go out for
lunch but just get lunch at that fresh
ball place
wait
it was super packed in there so we've
taken it away I'll show you what it
looks like soon please try get out of
this super tight hot state houses real
good we go they fittin us sometimes I've
got really good like deep-fried cheese
it's so nice a really good deep fried
cheese yeah deep fried cheese it's good
I know so healthy I say here's what it
is it's just like lots of salad I call
this carrot onion gherkins cabbage and
then a couple different kinds of chicken
we just kind of Briscoes quickly we need
to get some hair clippers this is kind
of what we're looking for just to touch
up hamish this haircut because it gets
it done so shortening it here grow so
quickly but which one do you get they
all look the same
oh my god you guys did you used to have
one of these I used to have one of these
and I was obsessed with it I used to
braid my entire head 50 bucks
cheese do you know what to get my slave
keeping my slave everybody hi baby hi
baby so we just got home from town we
just had a quick look at um Briscoe's
which the way a house real quickly just
went in there and we lift it pretty much
now we're home again
I'm so tired again like I just like can
barely keep my eyes open
hey guys so the time is now 5:30 p.m.
and I haven't blogged all afternoon
because I was asleep because I was
exhausted and not Amy's here hey cuz
we're gonna go out tonight it was John's
birthday last week and Amy just got back
from my quantity so we haven't all like
hit a night out together for a while so
we're gonna do that and I think I might
film myself getting ready tonight
and do like a clubbing get ready with me
so I don't know how much footage I'm
gonna get tonight I'm enjoying ages so
let's be honest I'm probably gonna get
really drunk really quickly just putting
it out there
but hey please see what happens Louis is
obsessed with me no he is literally
obsessed with you look at this if I got
my god Amy house-sit for us a while back
and so now he's just obsessed and every
time Amy comes over he cries at the door
until she walks in so I finished my
makeup and I haven't done my outfit yet
obviously I just stopped for an eating
break and I'm eating this tomato
imposter woman this one doesn't taste as
good surprisingly but I had a client
altura
and I hate it one we're going clubbing
tonight then it go find myself a girl
dog gotta have a bit of a good time Hey
so I just finished filming I think
tonight it's gonna be really fun
we're all in like a really good mood hey
Emily no licking my makeup I spent so
long doing it no no no no I filmed my
outfit as well but I don't actually know
where the stress is wrong I think I was
from like style meets the lip like four
or five years ago here's what it looks
like a little bit bloated today but I
thought you know what I want to wear
this dress I'm gonna do it and I don't
kiss yeah it's cool - food baby people
this game is the best game in the world
it's something modes explained in three
words why you love me you're pretty
great you're shut up no she's very
creative but she's very intelligent oh
I'll tell you I love you Amy cause she's
beautiful and she's funny good John
Rowley is libels and because they make
my could've life around with us it is
because in many ways that could be great
she is almost caring person
oh why you make I'm here yet she makes
sure all of her friends I'm feeling good
it's 3:00 a.m. and we just got home from
town and we got McDonald's and I have no
regrets
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I'll talk to you soon
