honestly I'm wondering if fake grass
would get muddy because I would
seriously consider putting in some of
that real good quality quality fake
grass sorry it's the newts morning good
morning can you see how buggy this is in
Louis Heights going out there someone
went does sometimes he pees on the
friggin carpet because he refuses to go
into the grass I would I wish you'd just
forget on the concrete but no he doesn't
like going in the mushy like muddy boggy
grass it's actually disgusting like
obviously it's just the land we have I
don't know what to do about it anyone
knows much about lawns
feel free to really mean something it's
just so gross and then like it's really
had to mow the lawns get so long it just
rains all the time
and then as soon as we get a chance to
actually mow it it's just so muddy there
you can see all the like mud tracks
through there like it just destroys it
finally getting into the swing at their
economy right now trying to vlog more
often age you can go because a little
bit more time now that unfortunately no
no it's gone which I don't want to talk
about it yeah just uploading a vlog and
I also just finished
yeah I'm really excited up a little
skincare video on my Instagram as well
so it's only 10:30 and I've already
gotten quite a bit done and I think
we'll go to the gym that later on
because Hamish is exams coming up so
he's doing lots of study at the Marmon
and finishing off all his last exam
I mean assignments and everything you
know how it is if you've studied ah live
it live it I think you look really cute
before why'd you move he's just like pip
me Hamish went to spotlight and bought
this blanket especially for him that
does spoil your is that I don't go
I have shot by the way I'm just wearing
my robe stole the general consensus of
the day is that I can't be what they're
doing anything and I'm procrastinating
but at the same time I've done quite a
lot like I said before like a bit a few
videos about the muscle stuff now I'm
looking at backdrops for my little bit
stream videos it's just so hard when you
don't have like a lot of space in your
room
put up backdrops like break break drop
stands and stuff and I could tape it to
the wall but they don't got my life they
have to mess around with it this is pH
photo video calm I've got these ones
that like this is what I have which is
like okay but they've got these ones
which are just like single what am i oh
there could be a little bit better I
like then I don't have to have two of
these big forgiving these things spread
out quite fast so they take up a lot of
room on the ground this one way you just
pop it up wherever I guess so that could
be an option I just did a mess of rant
on Twitter and then I was like I want
pizza I actually feel like pizza so bad
but I think I might make some kind of
reverse feed to sell it or something for
my lunch or did you guys see this turf I
found my shirt back picture of me and
kochava okay you guys may know him is
Archie it was four people asking lawyers
that like a meet-up like was made up but
it was I was working for remote I was
doing the clear Amal model search and
this was in Tucker Pune and he just came
to hang out for the day so yeah and I
think it was like the newspaper like our
national newspaper would say oh go get a
photo together
and so we did and then they took a photo
for the newspaper man I'm struggling
today okay time to make some food it's
like 1 o'clock now so I'm just glad I'd
be lazy I'm just gonna use the UM
pre-chopped
roast vegetables and something cause
lettuce olives and I remake like the UM
speights one exit no theatre so it's
just pumpkin and potatoes creamer in
here it's just some bull flu they taste
okay because they spin the fries for
ages
just like this these ones cooked really
quick too which is what I like to use
them sometimes almost every time I make
recipe G solid lately I've been using
like fresh Beach but it's fine
well I wanted to sleep place dodgy belly
I think I might force myself to finish
editing a video and then take the rest
of the day off like finish it total
three so bad I just like cannot
concentrate later and what is wrong with
me like I can't focus on anything like
I've done a bit of wit this morning but
still like I just don't know what's
wrong with me right after noon
left and right with this piss colored D
monetization sign they show up on your
videos and that's what it feels like
pissed you got pissed on your soul and
now you're pissed because most the time
it just doesn't make any sense and
that's fine because all okay I pulled
through its full p.m. got my video done
I'm gonna finish for the day hell like I
mean I stay a little bit away with my
phone but I mean I'm also gonna play
game man oh man today was just one of
those days I like you guys know what I'm
eating with most days just seem to go
forever and ever and just don't seem to
end and you just startin having any
motivation I should have had some of my
focus t be Paulie getting dressed today
there apparently
I got that little pig toilet roll please
one more box on the beach yeah please
please yeah we're doing the recycling is
there is one more up here
oh my Slough I'm not proud of my carbon
footprint spa time and then we're going
to get let me type of star G Feli so we
got hell's Peter on Black Friday
oh no not Black Friday this was like
freakin camisa we got so much pair and
I'm so excited
yeah this is the VG groom I think it is
the apricot one and then I added garlic
mayor young so they had a deal on and it
took two hours but it's gonna be worth
it I love this tells pizza for the win
oh my god this is so good
what's this new show we're watching
Southland it's so intense so fastly has
we're like the third or fourth episode
