good morning we just got back from the
gym I did not want to get out of it this
morning like hi I'm she was up at 6:00
and I was just like who sleeps no snows
and I didn't end up getting up until
like 7 a.m. like I was just one of those
days I was just exhausted and I did not
want to go to the gym and I couldn't be
bothered and I got myself and I went and
I just went on the cross trainer for a
bit I didn't run today because my legs
are pretty sore and then I did some
lightweight stuff and I'm so sore now I
was like sitting in on the floor at the
gym just like shaking I was like oh my
god I'm in so much pain but it's fine so
now I'm making some breakfast and the
other day you guys were asking me like
for a more in-depth like how I make
those pancake things so I'll make them
today for you and show you like step by
step how to do it and you only need like
four ingredients to make them so they're
really easy and if you try them make
sure you see me photos on Twitter and
Instagram and stuff because I like that
excuse the see me miss I'm going to need
a scoop of protein I use this one if
you've been watching my vlog do you know
and this is just a vanilla flavor
I reckon vanilla flavors good at
compliments you know the pancakes and
then I like to put in just a serving of
chia seeds it doesn't middle what kind
you can use white or black whatever you
like one egg and one banana and then
makes it out for like big sized pancakes
I'd say it's like one serving is like
just one egg one banana it does make
like a really filling meal so just one
scoop of that so I'm doing 15 grams
whoop that was close
there you go 15 grams I find scales are
really good if you're trying to watch
your serving sizes and stuff damn it if
you're trying to watch your serving
sizes and everything it just helps you
be like more aware of how much food
you're eating because sometimes I get so
carried away and I make too much food
and then next minute I eat too much just
because it's in front of me and I'm one
of those people that will just like pick
up my food so it's good just to be able
to like make exactly what you need
rather than make too much in your one
banana and I'm capably gonna feel so
happy I did it never done it before
oh I think I was just covering the
speaker soles I like to use the stick
blender that I got from Briscoes we're
pretty cheap it's just easier to like
whip up stuff like this it just takes a
couple seconds and you just
to rinse that bit and it's clean let's
hope I don't fly powder everywhere this
time huh oh it's not plugged Struve my
life okay and this is all yesterday and
then it'll look something like this you
want to just make sure that you use
quite a big banana because if you have
too much egg it'll just turn a little
bit too running and it'll make it really
hard to flip them but it's nice because
there's like no flour or anything in
here either and then I just use a little
bit of spray oil and a pen and just heat
it up you don't want it too hot you just
kind of want it I don't know I'm like
medium-low heat because otherwise if you
obviously put them too quickly they
don't take long to cook it all only like
two minutes each side or something but
if you try to cook them to a quirk
they're just going to burn in stick so I
just kind of make a few little pancakes
you can make ones if you want I made
bigger ones last time sorry if you think
my oven is really dirty right now I
didn't least built flour the other day
if you've been watching my vlogs every
day you know that and I haven't washed
it yet so you know yeah just cut them
like you would more pancakes sorry the
dogs are going absolutely nuts what are
you two doing you're so noisy you're
noisy are you smelling like a piggy
you tell me you tell me love you okay
and then for the blueberry someone asked
me how to make that glaze it's literally
just like microwaved blueberries so I
just take a little dish in a bowl or
something I really like this brand I
don't know I think the packaging is nice
Oh wrong ball and then just put enough
here however many you want
blueberries are nice and good for you so
don't be shy and then remove your
boyfriend's oath oh crap because he's in
the shower
we're going to use microwave and then I
usually do about 20 seconds and then
I'll check it
then do like another ten or twenty
seconds you don't want to make them too
hot obviously otherwise they're going to
burn your mouth and all the natural
light juices will come out and be really
nice if you're like really into like
super sweet foods you can add a little
bit of honey and with it and that'll
make it a lot sweeter and kind of like
more syrupy so you can see they're kind
of starting to like glaze over just keep
going then you want a nice thin spatula
like this one this one's super super
thin and you can see they're starting to
bubble and just flip them ah man that's
perfect master pancake maker right here
guys oh this one stuck crap take that
back
that one's good this smells so good I
feel like kids would like these a lot
I'm not too sure like if kids are
supposed to have protein powder though
maybe you could experiment with like
some kind of other powder so I got
another three little pancakes and I've
got four here so it's made a lot more
today but they are smaller obviously
it's the same amount of food and that's
breakfast out of those four ingredients
so much food so yeah as I said you only
really need one banana and one egg
unless you're like a massive eater you
could do more but this like makes me
super super super full I'm going to
watch some tragic TV while I eat my
breakfast
bless you so good
can we just admire how many toys Louie
has in his bed with him what are all
those toys doing in your beads huh
greedy oh that was close
I just had my shower I've got a post
reform because my nose feels so gunky at
the moment my skin peeled off with his
breakout sir and that one is coming out
why can't my skin just look perfect but
is it so much to ask for my fingernail
is growing out a little bit lots of
people have been asking for a wee update
on the nail I'm deciding it right now
I'm going to attempt to trim some of it
off it's still really really far down
like ripping my skin but I just want to
trim it a little bit because I keep
catching it on things as as short as I
can get it at the moment so it's still
it a lot of growing to go but at least
now hopefully I won't get caught on
every single little thing
my poor nail look how ugly it is
compared to the others soos hip Lee got
mail have we got mail huh if we got mail
look at you in your nice comfy blanket
we get these blankets from the warehouse
on sale like for $30 which is a lot for
like a dog blanket except it's not
really a lot because we love you but
they're like the best they're super big
and super cuddly and warm a lot of these
blankets are quite cold because of the
local where they are but this one's like
real shaggy he'll loves it tiny yeah so
comfy something from Manuka doctor and
this one purifying facial peel for skin
imperfections oh maybe I should try this
later that was good timing someone was
reading my mind and in here is a bunch
of stuff from the Elizabeth Arden
company Juicy Couture Elizabeth Arden
and oh pretty Spears
oh my gosh this packaging is the prices
and it's out from it the 24th of August
and this is what it looks like it's such
cool packaging I really like the white
so we have I am Juicy Couture from the
7th of August and it's the pricing Oh
cute look at that then we have some
Elizabeth Arden makeup limited-edition
2015 nationwide from it August so this
lip glosses and then what are all these
so my cream eye shadow sticks gel eye
liner sunkissed eyeliner gel and then
the sunkissed pearls bronzer highlighter
I want to say this packaging is quite
cool it's like an iridescent white
there's a warm bronzer and then a more
like kind of dark neutral tone bronzer
and then a really shimmery it reflective
pink do you guys want to see me pull off
my poor strip my life besides my nose
just felt really really congested if
you're grossed out fast for 30 seconds
or so it doesn't really want to focus I
got out a little bit I guess on the
sides if you can see now I'm just doing
a quick pull mask just to tighten up my
pores now since like you know when you
use poor strips it really like pulls
everything out and kind of like leaves
little holes with all the gunk was so I
like to just follow up with a pore
tightening mask just to kind of help
close them up and then I rinse my face
with cold water afterwards I don't
really know if that really does mean
thing but anyway I just find it works
the best to kind of keep my pores clean
for a longer amount of time this is if I
just leave them open I feel like in a
few more days I'll just have like the
same problem all over again so now I'm
going to go do some work I'm editing
again today if you couldn't tell so I
didn't really give any of those
tutorials down yesterday I've got three
tutorials to edit and they're all
chitchat get ready with me is which take
a little bit longer to get it then just
like a good ol get ready with me with
music and everything and today I have my
top ten perfumes and fragrances video
going up so link it down below to
already be up by now
it was such good timing like after I
asked you guys about
wanting to do like a perfume video my
manager was actually like contacted by a
company called scent bird and I looked
at the website and I think it's such a
cool idea so I cover this like company
in the video as well it's sponsored hmmm
but I think it's such a cool idea but
the only thing is the only ship America
wide like USA but I guess you could just
use like a shipping service don't quote
me on that though I don't know if you
can ship perfumes to new zealand using
like you shop I'm not too sure I'm just
reading my comments from my living on
the edge blog and someone was saying
like wait what they say you're not
trying to be rude or anything but they
were just like one of the previous blogs
showed how much drinking red wine and
then driving and now we drink a beer and
then drove there just saying like how
it's weird like that the culture is
different and everything I just want to
say just to clarify like when we got
Thai food and Hamish had beer and wine I
drove home because he would have been
over the limit I think here you're
allowed one standard drink now they've
changed the law recently or if you are
under a certain age or if you're on
restricted license I think you've got
like a zero a met hey which is honest
full obviously and then when we got
Chinese food he drove home but he only
had half of it to e
like definitely under the limit we do
not approve of drink driving and we
wouldn't do it ourselves I just thought
I'd clarify just in case anyone has kind
of thought that while watching our blogs
like thought like oh my god like
drinking and driving no way not an hour
not in our nature look at this super
cute Nicolas pagan Marie sent me there
we go I sorted it out it's so cute I
love it thank you
sorting out the lunch and have another
meal what have I got I've either got
steak and kidney pie or I've got hand
sticks and pineapple
here it is it doesn't look very
appetizing I have to admit but hopefully
it tastes good I just ate that entire
meal and it was really good I've never
had steak and kidney before wasn't bad
the beans were amazing
this isn't sponsored by the way I have a
vlog much because my camera we did um
it's 20 to 5 now and I just finished
editing a couple videos but would you
believe I still have like two more
tutorials to go hmm imma wait till next
week to do the hurts I am just so
exhausted lately I think I found it why
though let me show you something
so my Fitbit tracks how much sleep I get
and this week well the days I've worn my
watch to sleep three hours before three
hours belief I've four hours sleep last
week look how much sleep I got this week
huh sigh me and Hamish are trying to
figure out what to do tonight
um my friends Amy is back she's been on
like a context but I don't know if we'll
catch up with her this weekend or what I
just feel tired very tired like I need
coffee or something it's a such a bad
feeling I've got a big workout at the
gym tomorrow too hopefully I can pull
myself out of bed for it it's Amy's 21st
and like a week or two so I might film
like a get ready with me for that and I
think Sally's coming too so maybe we
could do it together or something I
don't know
I'm just here chillin and beard hammers
at the gym I was contemplating going but
I was like what am i exhausted this just
like a recipe for disaster he wants to
do something tonight with our friends
but I'm like on the fence I don't really
know I'm thinking am i if you go get
some blood test at some stage I get
tired a lot although I'm sure this must
just be down to like not enough sleep
who knows mmm I made the other meal for
my does is just the ham and pineapple
and veggies and stuff
we just admire how greedy these dogs are
like hanging out some Hamish is today
I'm trying to get my bloody schnitzel
I'm sick of it I'm sick of you - what is
this exeunt
I had a bite of Hamish is Schmidt
Schmidt is it schnitzel ah schnitzel
I'll just call it sure that was polish
schnitzel my mom call it schnitz it Shh
what does she say schnitz it what's that
like that's silly we had what some no
idea it's not laughing at her I was like
what are you talking about mother
we're both had brick main breakfast in
bed oh my gosh I can't even think
straight I'm soda baby I'm always mean
to say we hate dinner and be oh yeah we
both had dinner in bed tonight cuz
there's just how we rock and I really
want to KFC but I didn't that's right
I'm gonna have drink food tomorrow of
some kind we're not I don't know if I'm
gonna have proper junk food but I feel
like having something young I have this
I might have like sushi or I might go
get that salad cry might get something
like that I don't know yet I'll tell you
I don't know a couple those bitches
tonight chin that's good room crunchy
they're not watery a lot of time on
it someone sent me a screenshot of
Hamish from yesterday what'd you say
it's like a Harry Potter potion is so
good I was gonna say something enough
forgotten you're gonna say my god Lee I
am your very godly Hamish I'm really
angry and very personally upset because
I was about to win a what's a called
work day step competition between me
Hamish John and pagan and I was a huge
know and then he had to go to the gym
twice today when I was tired and Hey
took my steps by a thousand huh I don't
you know how angry that makes me cuz the
last time I got wasted because I was too
tired to go to the gym on the Thursday
and I'll tell you why cuz I'm a beast
yeah but it's just cheating it's not
cheating you ain't to jump twice like
two or three times this week I only went
once per day so I did way more studio
time at the gym I would do weights and
you do more running so that's cheating
it's not cheating I do wear more running
in I'm running in an afternoon out of
five saying what's wrong with it no
it chew that really chew it
no get good really look at this bloody
sexy outfit this is why we're sometimes
oh look sure chugging my socks is
disgusting
oh it's everything that a guy should
wear look at those socks what the hair
you sweetened those arms are looking
back that's what sex looks like girls
that's a first
you wish I'm tired
no not really okay food that's what I
was means that go get me a McFlurry is
lower than drinking out of that goyim a
McFlurry thank you thank you you look
like a mini beer like a baby beer it's
really low it's not cute I don't know
what is liturgy nice okay
I knew that was coming
oh hi hello I just found a tooth in the
beard is this your tooth mm-hmm Hamish
look what you turned off the light yeah
look how's it a Toth
it wasn't the beard what is it it's a
tooth is it actually a toe I think it is
looked at it's not squashy it's hard is
it Louis
I don't know the dewclaw would taste I
think it's a tooth Oh throw them on so
you want to keep it we could put out
into the pillow and give him some treats
Hamish wouldn't go buy me a McFlurry so
I'm hearing this oh this is like a
better alternative to ice cream it's
made with coconut milk so I'm just gonna
have a little bit of this to satisfy my
cravings Billy say good night good night
friends hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog talk to you soon Hey
