good morning everyone look at the little
tail hey Louie hi sirs
good morning good morning puppies hey
guys it is quarter to nine I slept in a
little bit today because it was freezing
when we woke up and I didn't want to get
out of bed we just got back from the gym
and this morning I bought my our house
tickets I'm so excited is anyone else
going diplo is gonna be there DJ snakes
gonna be there well all of Major Lazer
is gonna be there and galantis is going
as well I'm so excited it's gonna be so
fun me and a huge group of friends are
gonna go so let me know if you're gonna
be there I'm gonna make a smoothie for
breakfast I think and then shower
obviously and then I've got some EXO
Beauty work to do and then I've also
gotta edit a couple videos I think two
something males it's a pretty chill day
today I don't really have anything
urgent I have to do apart from the
accessibility stuff yeah I still have
like so many videos I can eat it i've
oniy I only it is it like yesterday's
vlog and I think I edited the lip swatch
video you said I've got like two or
three tutorials a first impression and I
think I've got like one other video I
cut me and Hamish just hang out all of
our washing and this is all a pile of
washing that I have to put away I don't
want to do it it's just gonna chill out
there for a little while while I
procrastinate and do other stuff well so
I had quite an upset stomach I think it
might because of the food last night hmm
it's so sore like it that food last
night was really good while I ate it but
I've just felt really dodgy ever since I
think I just ate too much and it was
quite unhealthy
so my stomach's like yeah what are you
doing good here's what I'm gonna put my
smoothie my protein as always because I
always have this after the gym and it
keeps me really full I'm gonna put some
of the spirulina green smoothie stuff in
for my liquid and then I'm going to do
lots of spinach some mango blueberries
raspberries and a banana I couldn't fit
raspberries in but I added some chia
seeds as well so please taste good
forgetting that the love smoothies and
they fill me up so so well
mmm so good
I needa leave it set for a little bit to
leave the chair seeds kind of go jelly
ish you know soak up the moisture but
it's really good Louie is like a cat he
will find any Sun SPOT he can Hey you
love stop moving don't you you love
sunbathing but you hate going outside hi
everyone hello here's my Zeus my cute
little fluffy hey Luiz sleeping he looks
so cute in his little grandpa jumper
playing with brushes at the moment so
for lunch I'm going to do tomato on
toast and the little soup that I got
from each what flavor is this beef and
vegetable so here's my lunch soup and
tomato on toast stoked I'm gonna watch
some Chloe while I eat my lunch isn't
she pretty
I couldn't finish all of the soap
because I ended up getting really full
but it was incredibly delicious
Louise chillin still say hi friends I
found this other website which is kind
of like those food prep like meals like
what I ordered the other day from the
ate website but this one's muscle fuel
my friend John told me about it and then
Hamish living it look at it and it looks
really good
I'm looking at the mixer I'm gonna need
a small size but yea I'm wondering if I
try it out I'm almost out of my fresh
meals I've just got those frozen ones
which those are fine they can be in the
freezer for like a year so I might try
these out like next week or something I
just love stuff like this it makes it so
much easier to eat well I'm also on that
bubble bar website still I didn't check
out you today because I got busy and we
went out for dinner and everything so
I'm just gonna have a browse on here
because my video is currently exporting
that I just edited the fist impression
I've still got like four videos to edit
today's vlog is so boring I'm so flushed
it's really hot in here
I had the ear pump on I mean he's pump
alone and then the Sun came out it's
like super super sunny and now our house
cuz it's double glazed houses
like heat it up like a little oven I
think I might reorganize the whole wake
of it at some stage today as well if I
get time because I've been seeing so
much stuff recently so I need to like
organize what I'm like really really
keen to try and then anything that I
don't think I'm gonna get around to
trying I give it to family and stuff and
I also want to get some help from you
guys to let me know like where the best
place to donate summers to does that
make sense
last time I gave some to the Ronald
McDonald House at Christmastime talked
down like a massive box full of stuff
for like mums and families and stuff I
do like to do a giveaway still on my
channel but I usually just do them
through businesses now like if a
business wants to like sponsor me her
business foster would give away with me
to be honest the reason it is like half
the time when I've bought stuff like
with my own money to give away to my
subscriber is plus stuff that you know I
get sent that I can't use and I give it
away to my subscribers so I mean I've
done like so many giveaways over the
years I've been on YouTube and literally
like maybe three or four people have
either contacted me to say hey my stuff
arrived okay and thank you so much like
no one asked if it like even contacts me
they never say anything they never say
thank you and it just like makes me not
want to do it please don't call me down
below and be like see me stuff I'll say
thank you it's not about that I would
kind of rather like just do it how I'm
doing it like donate stuff that I can't
use myself to people who need it or just
a good causes and stuff and then do
giveaways for you guys through companies
it's just a lot easier and less
stressful don't just do me this picture
oh my goodness oh yeah hey mrs. eyes
what are they doing
so I finish editing this vlog and then I
also ended up photoshopping like five or
six different thumbnails for my videos
these two anyway it's now 351 so today's
being kind of cruzi I was gonna eat it
another video but I cannot be bothered
to be honest I also went on the bauble
bar website and tried to make an order
and I wasn't going to because they're
kind of pricey like the Nicholas's are
kind of pricey but they've 30% off at
the moment so I was like nah I'll just
do it but then I went to place the order
and they were like sorry we don't ship
to your country
and I
just like okay I could use a shipping
fording service but I'm already kind of
iffy about spending that much so I'm
just gonna like not bother I'll just
have a look and like Lovisa and collate
and Devon equipping stuff is those
Nicholas's that you can get in flight 20
bucks so I'd rather spend $20 then like
50 or 60 or 70 once the conversion rate
hits he much just uploaded a new vlog as
well I want to watch it this was
actually from awhile ago this is when we
went up north on a little weekend away
together
oh my god you guys remember a while ago
how I talked about that time me and
Hamish went to Lone Star and left and we
forgot to pay well I don't know she tell
you what was Lone Star but it was that
Lone Star and we forgot to pay and then
we went back the next day and then the
guy was like you didn't pay last night
this was that night the slug bug
this is twitch every time back bug what
are you doing so safe angel' twin I
found your twin just gonna put your is
that put your is app yep
like that absolute wins it's your twin
you're just very scruffy commit to him
um why are you on top of me oh hi thank
you yep okay you're vain so I'm gonna do
this now
this is the state of my current hallway
cupboard so yeah that's what it's
looking like so I really need to clear
this out I know Sally wanted to buy some
of this I might give one of these to her
I stopped up got so much stuff in here
no me see me these like shampoo and
conditioners like every single time they
send me kits like they see me so many
kids I've got them like in here whereas
I've got like heaps of these soda and Co
scrubs
I've actually almost finished mine in
the shower now so I have to put another
one in the shower but like just so much
random stuff all of the stuff and a
recent and then like I've got tons and
tons of stuff just stacked
in there in fake tan let's do this
there's so much stuff you guys what am I
gonna do with all of this this isn't all
of it this is just one box
we still got like a formal boxes I
bought this too but I've never used it I
don't know if I should kind of stick is
me I guess I should because I paid for
it but uh what do you guys think
have any of you tried it you should let
me know let me know if it's worth it are
you trying to play with the medicine
ball trying to show off your muscles huh
yeah
you can't pick it out yes hello he'd get
bored of it he can't pick it up just
found a random pregnancy test in here
obviously not something for me you get
them for free every time you go the
 doctor to get your pills what
else I've got I got some about German
I've also got the Garnier one they
haven't tried yet well I tried it a
little bit but I used my simple one more
I'm gonna start putting together get rid
of pile I don't need to with him I can
buy more if I like it later because I'm
what I say this feels like happy to do
so I'll use that up at some stage sheet
masks body cos I don't really like the
tan always comes off really orange on me
so that can go these are like the little
loving 10 stickers people always ask me
how I get a love heart when I fake tan
you just stick one of these on and then
put the tan on top of it okay so a box
of stuff I don't want so far I'm on to
my third box and that's the key pal it's
like fake tan sunscreen and loads of
body lotion and stuff I've got like
eight bottles of loving tan laying back
there because I go through it like water
so drastically cut down now all of my
beauty samples are all just here plus a
couple face must just there these two
boxes are full of candles I'm going to
leave that to another day now I've got
some like blood and stuff to help me
make it there and then all of the stuff
like Hamish way I got sent this thing
I mean Hamish got sent the rest of this
stuff randomly like all this like floor
stuff so he's kept that for whatever
reason then here is just like tons of
these you know
three boxes of stuff there to get rid of
that's all rubbish
so I'm gonna get my mum to come over and
get her to have a look through it and if
she hates anything she can take some
stuff and then the rest I'm gonna get
her to take some where donate it to
somebody if anyone knows anywhere good
that we can like donate it to then let
us know 99% of its brand-new some of its
like slightly used so I'll probably get
mum to take the stuff that's been
slightly used or like give it away to my
friends Hamish is at the gym again I
kind of wish I went cuz right now I've
got nothing to do I should be working
but I cannot be bothered editing any
more stages starting at the motivation
for it like some days I'm just like well
can't be bullied other days it's fine
like other days it's real relaxing and I
can sit there for like hours on in and
just sit there
editing other days it's so tedious and
I'm just like huh I got asked by some
people that helped me out with like
business stuff on YouTube they're like
how do you want us to like find you an
editor but I was kinda like that because
I feel like other people don't know how
to eat it like I do like I'm sure they
do and I'm sure there's like people out
there that a way bitter it is in me may
bet
I just know like what bits I want to
keep and what bits I don't want to keep
and I don't want them to put in like
bits that I think a cringy and you know
I just like to be able to say I do
everything myself I don't have help so
yeah so today the Herald wrote this
article about that video I did my
heart-to-heart video The Herald if you
don't know it's like New Zealand's one
of their biggest newspapers I guess and
they just wrote an article saying like
they did this video and also wrote at
the bottom of the article like some help
lines and stuff like that if you're
suffering from any kind of mental
illness or considering suicide and stuff
like this I don't know that we're doing
that obviously they just kind of pry
articles on all sorts of weird stuff but
I was just oh yeah cool like if it
spreads awareness then that's a good
thing in my book and then I like scroll
down in these comments and people are
being such dicks like no most people
actually are being really nice but then
there's some people being all like wait
let me find one don't act like you're
the only one I'm like okay that's
exactly what I was trying to do she's
probably depressed cuz no one knows who
she is I couldn't help but write a
really sarcastic remark like yes that is
exactly why some people like oh I
haven't mean to
this where's my article and then someone
was saying that I was like saying that
only women get it or something and I'm
like when did I if I say that I had to
write this big like blurb just here just
being like you know what you guys are
assholes
people are so just no wonder people
don't want to speak out about mental
illness like this is the kind of
ridicule people get like I know I'm kind
of like more of a public figure than the
regular person but people were basically
like hardened up and it's like no wonder
people don't talk about mental illness
because all that their friends and
family say yeah hot it up you'll be fine
get over it it just makes me so angry so
yeah I had a bit of a rage I am gonna
have my other meal for dinner the other
beef with soul meal I haven't dear
frosted any from the freezer and this
one tasted so good the other night so I
am secretly really excited for this meal
here's my what I'll make you guys guys
guys guys hey hey what amazing tonight
is this look now you're trying to act
open at their overcompensation oh my god
I'm so in love with Shannon join me
anything for you I don't do everything
you want me to do Hamish is making it so
I am narrating this what I'm having Dean
and that's steamer which you should get
if you don't have a steamer this is the
easiest thing to cook with ever
it's like plug it in put the stuff in
beep just like a Harry Potter potion and
Watson here broccoli and this is not
getting steamed some clothes in it
broccoli in courgette all you people
that hate cause it I hate you so I don't
get I think you had too much pre-workout
to there
Hamish the MasterChef man say it's
bloody good bloody beautiful Matt over
cut the broccoli horn get their student
a dust in my mouth it's overcooked Louie
will have it if you don't want it oh
it's hot this screenshot though look at
those chicken leaves look this is really
cute as well
when you're waiting for your friends to
taste you bet Louie yes such a hater hog
look at you it's a warm you nice and
warm
hmm wherever there is hate there is
Louie
give me hello these glasses are rebus
I need to start telling you guys what
glasses I'm wearing because people
always always ask me I was reading your
comments you say this robe is from
cotton on I unfortunately have that fake
tan stains on my one yeah I got it from
cotton on like how long ago I think it
would have been like four months ago so
I'm not sure if they have this pin
anymore but they still sell they're like
same style if you want to be in my
leather from Indonesia hell yeah boy see
me ten thousand dollars in the mouth so
me and Hamish just finished watching
this movie called unfriended and it was
freaking terrifying it was about like a
group of friends it was just about a
group of friends talking online and it's
scary yeah it's like a hecka and it's
based on a girl who committed suicide
and it was free I hate it so much
but I couldn't stop watching cause I had
to know what happened so I'm gonna try
and go to sleep now wish me luck good
night
