hey guys just got back from the gym so
we woke up at like 6:00 and they didn't
actually get out of bed at all like
Stephen wait no not 7:00 6:45 hi we just
got home it is now quarter tonight and
I'm not gonna film today I'm going to
edit some videos because I've got like 4
videos today I think it's the moment bit
first I'm gonna have a bath and scrub my
skill because my faked hands kind of
crack them off so that needs to be done
I've decided for breakfast I'm gonna
make some like protein pancake things
I've got a scoop of my protein a banana
chia seeds and an egg in here I'm not
sure if I'm gonna have to add another
egg I've just got some blueberries in
the microwave and then I've got these
cooking gave me quite a lot what are you
two doing or making such a racket you
playing yeah so I've made four pancakes
just at one egg and one banana and chia
seeds protein these literally taste like
heaven like they taste like this so bad
for you but they're not bad for you so
really good for you guys that have sweet
tooth's that don't want to give up
pancakes and things so YUM so I'm gonna
eat this and just do some emails on my
computer ok I got sidetracked I haven't
done any emails but I ended up on Khloe
Kardashian's page and can we just oh my
god finish my breakfast today she took
me a while to eat like it was very
filling it's a lot more filling than you
would expect definitely try it you know
that people say that they watch my vlogs
all because of you and your brother
people like you more than me those I
don't blame them you're so cute yeah
he's all fluffy and soft from his bath
last night he slept with us all night
last night I think he was a little bit
cold and to dry them off very well but I
don't know maybe it was a cold night
you're so soft look how handsome you I
you need to here cut soon though for
sure you're starting it a bit shaggy
look who it is
what are you doing bugs BEC Lily
hi who needs children when you hit these
huh
alright so now that I have accomplished
almost nothing today I am going to head
off and then I'm gonna get stuck in to
work and edit some videos and stuff
having such a good day so far I'm in a
very good mood excuse the kind of meat
and Dustin in this bathroom because we
don't use it apart from for the bath so
anyway we're blankets and stuff but I
don't know which to use even in the back
do you never back the most annoying
thing is this is hot and this is cold
like why do they have to miss out such a
simple thing I'm going to use this thing
- what is it what is it
I feel like they very worried about the
bus situation so I'm just going into my
shower and I'm gonna grab oh my let me
scrub I'm going to use this Wednesday
it's a soldering Co it's orange blast
white not orange splash Shannon can't
read I'm also gonna do a face mask at
the same time I think I'm just gonna do
this one because it's quite gentle but
very effective because I don't want to
go overboard this is the life so many
bobos yeah you can't even see my feet
little bit my toe I've decided I'm gonna
put this in the bath I really like melts
when my skin is really dry and when I'm
like exfoliating everything I feel like
it just makes the skin come off easier I
just like soak in the bath for 20
minutes or half an hour or something I'm
living on the edge
floating in the tub man I look silent
glamorous some reason I had that YouTube
video you know who I wish is like
sitting on the toilet sittin on the
toilet I should make up a remix laying
in the bathtub laying in the bed
hi so last minute I decided that I would
film a video because you know I had no
fat tan on look let me get in the
sunlight I had no effect tan on and I
always get requests from you guys to do
a tutorial for fear or pale skin I know
I'm not the most pale person on the
planet but I am a lot paler without fake
tan or not obviously so I thought I
would do a tutorial for like paler skin
and I decided to go for a nighttime look
my eyelash is jacked up like I
accidentally pulled it I don't know what
I was doing I was like and I was like
wait no and then I tried to stick it
back down and it just wouldn't stick
back down so it's just chillin doodoo
evening makeup warfare skin it was
perfect her like because the weather
outside is quite cloudy it's really
sunny and these are really decent like a
thick layer of cloud in front of the Sun
so the lighting is like perfect usually
by this tower day the Sun is so bright
that like I can't film anything so I was
so storage we have to film this now I'm
contemplating filming another video but
I'm not sure it's 12:42 p.m. so I should
have some lunch so I ended up filming a
lip swatch video of those Pixy lipsticks
I got the other day and holy crap they
are so nice they just feel amazing on
your lips they're really really
conditioning and just lovely
ah so now I've got lip swatch rubbish
everywhere got makeup everywhere from my
videos I filmed today and yesterday huh
I hate tidying up it is the worst thing
in the entire world so I'm just
importing all of my footage at the
moment so I should probably go eat some
at lunch because it's 1:30 p.m. now I am
so hungry and the lining of my room is
finally turning to crap natural lighting
filling problems how cute is my little
top I don't know where it's from but
it's completely see-through so I'm
wearing this light little bralette as
well I got another package I got another
pencil Friedkin one United all-in-one
multi benefit treatment
here's what it's supposed to do so if
you want to read it you can pause it
dant dant my best friend's come to say
hello hey hi big screen
what what but here's my lunch I'm making
a couple Pitta pockets because I'm
really hungry
it's called olives jalapenos chili chase
tomato red onion salt and pepper I just
ate one of the chilies and now I am like
dying so spicy but so delicious
I forgot my phone I took out my
extensions I think I'm gonna put my
glasses on soon because my eyes are
starting to hurt
contact lens life let's try this probe I
love the combination of olives and
jalapenos together like the spiciness
and the saltiness it's so good mmm look
what video just been up may giant hole
it's just started like hailing outside
it was so sunny literally like 20
minutes ago and now it's like hailing so
strange it's very loud I'm just editing
at the moment I let my finger I'm so
sure I just saw lightning look how much
hail is on this seat now
hazus look how squashed he is into the
couch you're so funny
he's like leave me alone mum I'm trying
to nip Kui just appreciate that it's
been like three minutes and now the Sun
is out so I used a makeup geek eyeliner
like gel eyeliner on the top lash line
and it's just transferring it feels like
really sticky it just doesn't seem to
sit I don't know why has anyone else
tried them like what are your thoughts
do we look alike have that now look at
their tail glow love me love me why do
my pits not love me thank you
ow you're standing on my hair thank you
though I love this yo girl oh there she
is again
YUM so my vlog is exporting and someone
tweeted me this website called bubble ba
ba ba ba and I've got the cutest
Nicholas's and I really want to buy some
but they're kind of expensive look how
cute oh I love that one there in the
middle so I peeled off my false
eyelashes like 10 minutes ago and then
like three minutes ago Hamish was like
let's got the dinner so now I have to
fix my makeup I'm craving Chinese food
so bad some outfits just really simple
just got this pink top from Sue pray and
then these pants are from Peggy Marie
they're really cool they've got like a
panel down them in these shoes were from
wild pair of while ago they're like my
favorite I don't know where we're going
for dinner so I don't wear dress too
over-the-top
we're heading into Chinatown hopefully
we can get some Chinese food at
Chinatown
guys this is devious like so stoked
don't judge me I got so much food me and
Hamish just went to town on the smallest
bought you some it's all-you-can-eat but
we decided to step up with huge plate
anyway yes I know we could have just
gone back like three times
classic this looks so good though I'm so
excited I got like dumplings wontons
like Vijay's nodos good about this place
you can smell yes I think it's like $21
or something small was one of my
favorites it always makes me feel sick
folks I eat too much so we just finished
dinner and it was so good do you like it
yes freezing tonight so yeah you guys
should check it out if you like
smorgasbord time to go home I don't know
but it smells like pre weekend because
of that Jelly Belly um air freshener
every morning like when we go to the gym
angry yes stop being angry I'm sorry
every time like we get in the car
afterwards how to workout obviously like
well not all the time but sometimes once
you're finished working out you feel a
little bit late not might not nauseous
nauseous just like exhausted and tired
and slightly like justly it was just
like complain you throw a I feel like
you're gonna pass out yeah sometimes and
then you get in the cut it just smells
like pre-workout and you just want to
puke from the smell so we might not have
the Jelly Belly air freshener for too
long because it's just so intense it's
towing fans yeah if you're into that
real hardcore sweet smell you will love
it like it is strong so we're gonna go
home now what are we gonna do tonight we
gonna play games or are we gonna watch
the meet but I don't know how I feel
about that Harry Potter oh that's yeah
we're playing Harry Potter Lego last
night a little bit just for like
an arrow something we decided to just
give it a go I like it but it also seems
like but I like it because it's like fun
to like break stuff up and everything
but I just don't know what like
obviously there are objectives and I
know what they are but at the same time
you kind of don't really know what's
happening there's no story yeah yeah
like the story is very vague I feel it's
little characters they're just getting
inky yeah yeah it's kind of funny but
yeah movie there's types of beads Juna
come to be due when it come to beads
look how posh you look through little
legs crossed come on I'm making myself a
giant green tea in my favorite mug
how many of you went out and bought this
mug be honest I have got so much makeup
on right now
first step to getting unready at night
it's tying your hair up in a really ugly
bun on the very top you were here like
so and then today I'm going to use this
Basha so how you say that brand name I
don't even know it
but chef bull shark Raja make up break
up cool cleansing oil I'm pretty sure
all this stuff breaks me up so I don't
use every often cuz I don't know just
gets all the makeup off your skin and
you rub it until you look like you've
been crying for 12 hours straight like
so or if you're like going to like a
KISS concert or something David Bowie
concert I'm using this tonight for
serious this is the oxygen foaming
cleanser and then little look at matches
my little Clarisonic nor not close my
clinic it's the best feeling in the
entire world rinsing off your makeup at
the end of the day that face mask I use
this morning made my skin feel so good
like I love that mask I'm starting to
run out and panicking because it's
expensive but I'll buy it again it's
totally worth it I'm using the they're
real remover to get the rest of that eye
makeup off it starts actually really
good I kind of thought it was a gimmick
at first like I always knew it worked
but I kind of thought you know other
stuff will work just as good
I thought I was just bringing out one
you know just to bring out one but it
actually does work really really well
compared to like a lot of makeup
removers I have and then I've actually
stopped using this Elizabeth Arden
flawless future night cream I feel like
it was like it can just do my skin like
I feel like it was kind of blocking my
claws and stuff and I stopped using it a
few nights or no I stopped using it a
few nights ago and already my skin
can you please focus on me thank you
skin has like cleared up a little bit so
I think it's this because my skin was
really good before I started using this
and then I
and I broke out a little bit I just feel
like it might be a little bit heavy for
my skin I had the same thing happen with
her Shiseido skin care line like it was
just too rich for my skin and my skin
just picnics so I'm just going to it
using oils at nighttime I've run out of
hope oil at the moment I forgot to pick
some more up so just been using
straights in rose oil which is another
favorite of mine and my skin just looks
so much better already I'm getting a big
bad boy right here though I can feel it
like growing out into my skin it's like
it painful can we just admire the fact
that even though I have zero fake tan on
my body right now it's still darker and
more yellow than my face my face is so
like translucent what is it after fix
why are you letting their videos yeah
that's hot up man hey mister just
chilling in bed um I think I'm just
gonna say goodnight now cuz again my
camera is flashing seems like I get the
perfect it day's amount of footage
before my camera starts going dude it's
quite good actually so yeah I'm gonna
put my camera on charge I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog thank you so much
for the really nice comments you've been
leaving each day like I do read them and
go through them and you guys make me
smile bad joke ya know everyone's like
Hamish you're such an asshole
I know I hate you you're angry stop
being so angry anyway you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I'll talk to you
hopefully tomorrow I by the way I'm not
a daily vlogger like I am vlogging daily
at the moment but I don't want to like
commit to saying I'm a daily vlogger cuz
you know life might get busy and I don't
want to like overdo it I don't want to
burn myself out bye
