hello be true good morning so today it
is what day is it Tuesday I get so
confused
yeah it's Tuesday it's 18 a.m. just got
back to the gym if you couldn't tell
came home to like a bunch of packages
some of its food so I'm gonna unbox it
now the rest hopefully no addresses on
here
the rest is other stuff so we'll open it
later this afternoon because I have to
film this morning I think I'm gonna do a
bit of a maybe like a first impression
let's watch video I'm not sure yet so
we've got two giant packages here we got
some beef result and veggies and some
soups and hair leek and potato soup and
some beef and vegetable soup why don't
you try one of these services because
it's a lot easier to kind of have proper
like vegetables and things I don't know
I just thought I'd test it the website
was like eat cotton seed or something I
think and then I just got a bunch of
frozen meals so there's like sausage
meals fisherman's pie hem steak pan
fried fish Swiss steak beauty bolognaise
blackened chicken some curry some more
steak and vegetables tikka masala steak
and kidney pie and some roast pork I'm
just gonna check all these in the
freezer just for when I'm feeling lazy
like the other day so I don't just reach
for like pasta or something hey guys
it's 11 a.m. now
I just finished doing this makeup
tutorial which you hardly see in this
lighting very well and I also am filming
a first impression on this foundation
guess what it is I mean you guys already
know it's the Born This Way by Too Faced
now I am getting ready to film their top
10 I think I'm gonna do teen top teen
perfume video because the other day I
asked you if you wanted to see something
like that and tons of you wanted to see
it so I'm doing that today so now I'm
gonna go around my house and find all of
my favorites sneak peek I am loving this
foundation so far I haven't taken any
selfies Y it on my phone
I'm just having avvocato on toys to get
for lunch because it was so good
yesterday and I didn't want to waste
their other half a bit every cutter
because it's kind of going off every car
on toast has to be one of my favorite
meals of all time
you suck okay now I'm gonna open up
these packages well I already have kind
of open them out as you can see so in
the top one I have opened as a bunch of
our stuff I don't know if I should be
doing a haul or not because I've done so
many Alf holes in the past so now if
it's like worth it also a bunch of Pixy
lipsticks I'm so excited to try these
I'm gonna do like a sweat switch a lip
swatch video oh the packaging is so cute
look at that happy hour your Oasis
Beauty cocktail kit inside the bag was
this Oasis Beauty serums nutrient-rich
cocktails feel skin there's such a cool
marketing idea so there is a hot today
super hydrating serum in this and then a
straight-up oil and blemish control sir
I'm gonna try these so at the moment all
of my footage is just importing and I'm
gonna eat it my perfume video and
hopefully get it up this week my
unboxing haul is coming on Wednesday
when will I upload this it might be up
by this time you see this video actually
if it is all link it down below I know
lots of you are waiting for it and Lily
um a minute oh this room is so hot I
wiped off my lipstick by the way I'm
working on an app with a certain kind of
developer and it's gonna be really fun
so the time is wait what even is the
time it's 10:00 to 3:00 I'm hiding down
here because up there is very sunny like
look at us I just finished editing my
perfume top ten video and that's
exploding at the moment I think we're
gonna go take the dogs for a walk real
soon and I got another package in the
mail hey Louie excuse me what are you
doing mmm
oh here we go yay chichi lots of sponges
I needed some more sponges I'm actually
gonna do a like beginners foundation
routine I might use these as well but I
was going to use the Chi 2 fabulous and
flawless foundation they've actually
like updated their formula and it is a
may zing Lily stop being so nosy now
what huh so rude you just think you own
the place don't you hey back do you
wanna go for a walk back do I go for a
walk do I go for a walk yeah let's go
really you know we're heroes
yay
you're covered in mad so we're hitting
home now we went I think for about 45
was a forty minutes 45 minutes run time
it's time for a rant keep saying it
people saying like why is angry so Haim
why is angry so Haman why is Hamish so
angry he's such a dick
he looks so shitty one he doesn't want
to be in all my vlogs like not in a bad
way like he understands that this is my
channel and he will be included when
it's like suitable and stuff like that
but he doesn't feel like being on camera
all the time which is a hundred percent
fair enough like you think about
yourself like do you want to be filmed
all the time
probably not - he's a human being like
he's not even angry for the first part
even if he was like he's human he's
allowed to have emotions I'm not gonna
like force him just to be fake happy
24/7 just to please random people on the
internet like and I'm saying random
people on the internet because I feel
like people that understand me and
Hamish and they actually follow us would
understand that we're not like being
dicks were being angry like I've heard
so many people also say that they
understand like they're like I don't see
where him is just being angry like he
seems normal to me so I'm just gonna
assume it's people that don't really
watch me often I hope it's not really
upsetting to read and to be honest I bet
it's just making him feel like he
doesn't want to come with my vlogs at
all because people is so critical and
it's really not a nice feeling which
then makes me angry
because he's angry if he's angry I'm
angry
well he's not angry he's more like I
wouldn't even say he's upset he's just
like well fine I just won't do it like
other kids that makes me not kid
they makes me not wanna vlog so just
stop he's a human humans are allowed to
like his emotions even though he's not
angry like sometimes he sees stuff
sarcastically to me like main ham Banta
and he'll be
I mean it to me and like taking the piss
out of me
hello that's just like our relationship
please understand that like don't just
watch us for 30 second and just assume
that you know everything about our
relationship like you know everything
about our emotions I love his
personality the way is he's funny
sometimes he takes the piss out of me I
think it's hilarious it's just a sense
of humor so yeah I love him the way he
is I don't want to change so I don't
want my viewers to try and force him to
change so I made up that Rasoul meal and
it's actually really really really good
the potato is a so YUM that dinner was
actually it's so good it's now 7 o'clock
so I'm gonna go wrap up my video quite
soon Hamish is embed already I'm so
jealous I'm so tired he's really tired
so I think he's give me an early night
but this vlog I'm exporting stories half
now to export and then I have to upload
it as well so I'm gonna be up for
another hour or two might just go lay in
bed next to him ish and play some games
on my phone or something I'm in my towel
right now
I just heard shower and I gave Zeus a
bath as well because he smelled like
poop I don't know what kind of mud he
jumped in at the river today that oh my
gosh she stunk so bad yeah I'm gonna go
to bed now I just stood up my video to
upload and everything I'm so tired
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I'll talk to you soon sorry if this was
boring I don't know I
