good morning everyone it is Monday it is
almost 10 o'clock we got up a little bit
later it wasn't late hits you guys like
what do you mean you're sleeping in it's
only like 7 o'clock
I just mean sleeping and computes like
getting up at 6 or 6:30 to go to the gym
this morning we think it up to like 7:30
so we slept in I know it's not really
sleeping in just got back from the gym
and we went over quite a while sure I
think we went for about an hour and a
half which is a lot for a weekday but
today I don't think I'm going to film
well I can't now it's too late I'm just
going to do some editing and maybe
finish tidy up my room because it didn't
really get around what this weekend did
i pat be no here's my workout outfit of
the day this top here I got yesterday
for a riddle sport and it was only like
$20 which is pretty cheap like
considering ripple Sport pricing so I'm
so love that sail wreck and then these
leggings are from cotton on but I got a
size too big I think because I was
really on the triple today and they were
like a falling down and it was really
uncovered in shoes I don't even know if
I filmed that I get all of my um Nikes
off of the iconic or a sauce sees what
have you got what have you got we have
you got oh these shoes are kind of
giving me blisters here's what I am
putting and miss Miller today coconut
milk or cricket soy milk some represent
pure raw orange juice my protein my
disgusting ass good green stuff mango
half banana and a ton of spinach as much
as I can I'm also just burning this
candle which I got a while ago sent to
me from I think it's crawlers or
cottonseed I'll confirm that in the
downbar but this candle I think it's
like white chocolate macadamia or
something like that that it is heaven
like so good if you love a good candle
get this one
smithy is done tastes so good with
orange juice on it so I'm just passing
my Charlotte Tilbury foundation and then
I used my collection from stellar which
has run away I don't know where that
went
then I use tap lights camera lashes my
fake tan looks so bad right now I need
to take a bath at some stage today or
tomorrow and like scrub it off my skin's
been so dry and I haven't been Wester I
think it's so bad with moisturizing like
I'm so lazy anyway I've got high brow
glow by benefit on my inner corner and
just on my Cupid's bow I've got Loreal
brow plumper in my eyebrows just by
itself and then I have this is the first
time I've used this one this is ace by
colour-pop and it is so pretty I love it
I feel like I've been wearing a lot of
like really natural makeup look slightly
I don't know why not even doing anything
today I just felt like things the makeup
on goes only my makeup to impress boys
that's why I'm sitting at home by myself
wearing makeup for myself
oh my goodness I just remembered a dream
I had last night who's so messed up okay
let's hang out with a friend and we were
like have a party or something and I was
like I'm really tired I'm gonna go to
sleep and I went to sleep in her like
family's house and so I went to be it
and then Diplo creeped into my room
I don't know where he came from and I
was obviously like hey like oh my god
Diplo's in my room and I was like saying
oh my god I love you so much he was like
I need a place to stay like can I sleep
in your bed I was like yeah sure you can
sleep in my bed and then we cuddled all
night then we woke up the next morning
and he's I've got to go but he added me
on Fitbit we were like chatting on
Fitbit oh my god so that is taking over
my life in any way then like I was like
oh my god why I've got a boyfriend and
then I wouldn't hang out with Hamish I
was like Hamish I have to tell you
something I'm because I felt so guilty I
was like Hamish I'm so sorry bit-depth I
slipped in my bed with me last night we
cuddled and he was like oh it's location
and I know how much you loved if it's
fine
well I just chucked on the stress and I
freaking love it I think I got it from
misguided I love the ones that just tie
up around your way so I around your
stomach that's so good to hide your food
babies how cute what is my hair doing
lots of people have been asking me what
I used to eat it and it's a movie by the
way it's just a really old version of
iMovie because I don't want to upgrade
it because this version is just so fast
and easy to use so I just spent like an
extra hour it's now 1:30 holy crap I
haven't eaten lunch it's 1:30
I made this banner and that's how it
looks on my youtube and then I also put
on Twitter as well
whoa that is large and in charge on it
here it looks so much better on the
little screen yeah it's fine if you
don't follow me on to what a you should
because I'm obsessed with Twitter and I
think it's so fun I love it so much I
like this Jeff so I have decided I'm
going to make some ever Catalan toast my
ever card is getting a little bit old
but it's definitely still edible I don't
want to waste it I always do extra
tomato on the side because it tastes too
good by itself with some salt and pepper
so I'm just going to eat this now and I
think I might work on a
you been afore my vlog channel as well
because my vlog channel - so old
embarrassing
look I spotted a wild hairy slack it's a
zu C Mon always what a belly rub
so I updated my little screen thing I
really like it because I love the emoji
look if you ever noticed so while my
vlog is exporting I'm going to tidy some
of this up because I really need to
start filming tomorrow and I can't have
all of this like I just cleaned this the
other day how crazy is this so I was
just having a break from cleaning up my
room I'm slowly getting near this whole
area was covered in clothes before hop
down please
hot damn see I was just having a break
from cleaning up the room and I was
reading some comments on my latest vlog
that went up so watching this it would
have been Saturday's vlog someone asked
me what my motivation is like what my
motivation is for going to the gym and
like what my goals are and everything
basically my motivation is as I said a
few days ago like I just feel really
good after I get back from the gym it
puts my whole day just like I don't even
know how to explain it just makes my
whole day better
basically my goals I don't really have
any goals I just want to feel like fit
again I don't want to go into detail but
basically like over the last few months
well it's been over a few months like
basically but a big chunk of the
beginning of this year in the end of
last year I had some health problems but
I don't want to talk about it on camera
and it just made me so tired all the
time
I still get really tired a lot but it
just made me so tired all the time I was
lacking motivation
I was sleeping so much like I would go
to sleep at 19 and I and like sleep
until 8 9 or 10 in the morning it was
like ridiculous and I just lost
motivation like we went out for dinner
and I still tried to eat like semi
healthy but we were going out for dinner
all the time because I was too tired to
like make myself meals and then I'd go
like all day without eating anything so
my whole metabolism was just like messed
up and hits people were like dissing me
on my like whole videos and stuff like
oh my god you put on weight maintenance
and as I stood in my last hole like who
gets ash it's an annual business like I
still loved my body then because I
didn't see anything wrong with how I
looked it's more about how I feel like
then I felt
not as happy because I wasn't like I
still go to the gym but I wasn't pushing
myself and I wasn't going as often as I
should have like I was only going like
twice a week or something like that so I
just wasn't feeling happy it pissed me
off when people like haha you're fat and
stuff like this it's none of your
business
pisses me off so much like my weight has
nothing to do with anybody else apart
from me so yeah that's my motivation
that have a deeper meaning for their
working out makes you feel so damn good
when I feel good like from within and
like mentally when I mentally feel good
I feel like I have a better outlook on
life and I just make more of an effort
with everything I do know right don't
work out I just don't have a very good
mindset and I just feel a lot more tired
and lethargic and sick all the time
working up makes such a big difference
in your life like I know it seems like
the worst thing ever while you're doing
it but once you're done it's like yes
like you feel so accomplished and you
feel like you've really done something
for the day
Paul Louie here has had a bad day
haven't you lo bug I don't know what's
wrong with him but he's just been very
scared like if you can see his quite
sketchy he's looking at the window and
he's been running around the house all
day looking out the windows and I don't
know what skin and but something scared
him a lot success I can see the floor
now yay oh my goodness
I was updating a profile of mine and
it's like hey Shen we found some press
coverage of you would you like to add
any links and I'm like excuse me this is
not me
poor girl though but this girl's name
Shannon Harris as well I'm googling
foolproof cheese sauce because I suck at
making cheese sauce it always turned out
really like runny or like goes too thick
like glue like I could just never do it
right guys my cheese sauce is kind of
working I've made the biggest mess I saw
I still milk and I spilled flour all
over the element I'm just not having a
good time also got some greens cooking
over here and then all my videos my oven
that I've done so I've just turned that
off now I've just got three different
kinds of creamer and some squash I'm so
excited I freaking nailed it this cheese
sauce is so good
we are going to watch that I think it's
I am Kate or something
on Easter night with Caitlyn Jenner I'm
really interested to like watch I think
it's going to be really interesting to
hear her story like from the family's
point of view no I care the cat oh yeah
hello hello my sweet bug I love you
I think it's feeling better now he's not
as oh speaking of he's not as scared as
it was earlier he settled down now so
that's good he's back to his old lazy
cuddly self here's how the shinik so
vlogs little better looks then that's
what my 1-dimensional looks like I'm so
proud of myself
doo doo doo doo I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I'm so - sirs hi
