hey guys so it's Sunday today it's too
no 9 a.m. I've been out for like an hour
and a half now I just been bumming
around checking my phone and stuff
haven't been doing anything important
today it's not a gym day but we're about
to eat out and go get some food or no
idea what we're getting I don't know if
I remembered to show you guys my outfit
yesterday so I'm gonna go to my room now
and show you today's outfit I still
haven't finished all of the stuff in
here
so I really need to get onto that but
here's what I'm wearing today just this
t-shirt says a vogue is my religion and
then this like super a what is this like
a long cardigan vest I guess and then
these jeans are from wild pear they're
the Goldie brand this top hair was from
whitefox boutique absolutely my skin
breathe today can't be bothered dealing
with makeup give morning baby bug how
are you today this lip balm smells so
delish by the way my finger still hurts
so freaking bad heaps of people were
telling me just to go get my nails fixed
but I don't have fake nails these are my
real nails so I can't really get it
fixed like my only option is to wait for
it to grow out a little bit so sore and
raw I can't really put anything on it
would do anything to it I really want to
cut it but it's just gonna like put
hates a pressure on it so I've just got
to wait until it grows out
I bet hopefully by tomorrow I can just
trim it off and then have an ugly little
bulge now for a while
image where are we going for lunch here
you see behind the Plaza
are you gonna get the same thing as
yesterday it was really good yesterday I
wouldn't be mad I'm sorry do you like my
hair tie
I'm wearing her got her um Topshop this
is honestly so so that's our mighty trip
to the plaza done
we just got food and now we're going
back home I guess Sunday's are such an
awkward day like I never know what to do
with myself on Sunday I don't know what
it is so we're at the warehouse and look
who it is
when you were young did you guys used to
collect these because when I was like 12
I used to always collect them can't
believe this still up and how are they
only on number four year if you like
there's been hundreds people are looking
at me funny man Haim is she getting some
games to play together we're getting bit
man stuff what else one piece unlimited
world read Bayonetta have you guys
played any of these now we found Harry
Potter and I reckon Harry Potter seems
like a great idea
fili go games upon which one did we play
last time it was the one with all the
superheroes in it I can't remember what
it's called the Avengers is that what I
look like yeah yeah we played The
Avengers one now we've ended up a
Tribble sport man Hamish have decided to
go into the shop because we've never
been in here before and it sounds like a
good time this place has heaps newpsie
candy look what Hamish is getting
Reese's of course look I've got
pop-tarts $0.99 strawberry nothing was
perfect that's what we had hot fudge
sundae show people what you've just
found we're blog this way like a family
I am vlogging right now stealth is what
waste they try a mess drives with me and
what he does is he he'll make up like
song
this is my new rape single and it's a
call it says new hit single now
sometimes you do rip songs you like this
rap song is called
I'm going to the grocery store I've
updated my profile we found this orange
juice which is a pure orange which is
what I've been looking for for the
longest time because every other yeah
there because every other orange juice
is all like concentrate and added sugar
and
whereas this is pure here's actually
you can tell me a verdict on the raw
cold-pressed juice
how's that let's go so I get that it's
not like fake sweet it's just like
perfect because I don't like it when you
get real hot out sweet juice I like it
to be that's what motivates our sorry
yeah
so Charlie's used to taste like yeah I
just made these for the dogs it's a
piece of carrot with peanut butter gross
on the top don't you like it yeah Oh
outside take it it's gross
hello were later if you don't I just
open this jelly belly thing from Kmart
the air freshener it's not so I think
it's meant to be blueberry or something
it smells so good it smells like sour
lollies guys what do you think I should
put in this basket it's pretty big I
just don't know like I've got this
Monday on there which I put with a dog
poison but I don't know about this one I
love it though even though I broke my
nail I'm so hungry so I am being bed and
I'm hemming is gone with butter it's
just a countdown job buttery goodness
Louie Louie
grasshopper sticking of it I don't know
it was just behind me before now we're
driving around
we're just been chilling it over the
afternoon you guys hear all the birds at
night they just hold gym it's so creepy
oh my god it's like a horror movie like
you're all just sitting in the trees you
can't really see them on camera so it's
5:45 now and we've decided on Bangkok
Thai this is one of my favorites I love
this place I get this one here massaman
Hamish got red wine because he's classy
I said you got rid wine cuz you're
classy it's just a drug
you're excited this is Mason in Calgary
beef and look at the racks it's so cute
and he's got some what is it rowdy
breathe something yeah YUM and like so
did I so all we want to do is go home
and watch Netflix there but on a lien
these beautiful asses are good we where
can we buy these what ask where we can
buy them the Brisco to be a mana sale
it's like a you were saying us I can
call you though I can even find them in
Briscoes I've looked though I'm so full
there's gone earlier filled now I think
where's yeah oh absolutely I cannot fit
any more food for my stomach just
getting ready for it now so tired
Jenny why I'm so tired a to get sleep in
today and I'm something look at those
under eye bags look like a zombie and
it's your another face mask today oh I
feel like doing a bit of a hydrating one
cuz my skin's feeling a little bit dull
I like to rotate doing ones for acne and
exfoliating ones and hydrating ones just
fine like it makes my skin feel the
Beast so how do you like my toilet might
even do one of these ones mask one I
mean a sheet mask one sign ache cynic
what does the stir oh here we go
derivative of a peptide containing vena
of temple snakes you may be encouraged
by it if it when someone tells you that
you're beautiful again should we give it
a go might as well excuse the intense
music in the background it's making me
seem like even more of an intense like
serial killer
with my little nose flap oh my gosh
wipes inside up there's no way anyone
can look good wearing one of these so
let's see how this works my cool
hairstyle this app is one of my
favorites so at night just type lined
out it's just like a
crossword app I can't use my plaster
finger you just tap each cube and then
it has your little clues so no look I'm
getting a bit i rated the my skin just
feels really hydrated quite tight too
like in a good way I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog we're just gonna
chill out and play this game now what's
called persona for like an anime like is
it kind of like an RPG ish yeah yeah so
yeah we're just playing that and it's
pretty good so far and then we're gonna
go to sleep I hope you guys have a good
day or night or whatever it is not what
you say I
