morning so we sleep then again a little
bit this morning it's like I think it's
sometime just before 8:00 I don't have
the time on me actually I need to put on
my Fitbit so I do the time on me but
before we take the dogs for a walk
before you into the gym today so we're
gonna do that I just want to show you
guys how cute it is when I tell Lou
answers that they're going for a walk
they go nuts do you wanna go for a walk
yeah oh my gosh ha look at me and then
the door is it yet yeah come on come on
man that's good come here come here
we take the little mister with us
whenever we have the dog so they don't
scratch up the Porsche man the horses
aren't over here sometimes those horses
over here come over and I pet them yay
come over here this way good boy look
where did you come from I've so got it I
just remembered oh I just realized that
I forgot to put on my Fitbit watch so
now I'm missing up on steps how many of
you got so far I bet you've got heaps
it's not fair we're home now and the
first thing I'm gonna do is put on my
watch
dogs so excited to be home so now gonna
go to the gym yay so we just got back
from the gym but someone tweeted me this
and it's like really confusing like I
feel like I remember this photo being
taken but then like adorned like I
remember taking a photo of someone did
someone Photoshop this or was it really
him I don't know because I clearly
didn't know who he was if it was him I'm
so confused
look guys we've got some more packages
they'll open them on camera I've got to
make my smoothie because I'm hungry
what's the time is 10:30 at this stage
oh there we go
Tim did it look at those swatches on my
hands door mr. that like stained my skin
guys these vitamins are the best
vitamins do you know why because that
they a bright pink yes they make it so
fun like makes me want to take my
vitamins also I'm kind of dreading my
smoothie because today I'm trying it
this and so many people love the taste
of this but for me it just makes me gag
it's disgusting I hate it so much but it
is so so so good for you so I'm going to
put it my smoothie today
taste it and see if it tastes like dirt
or if it tastes all right I hope it
tastes all right and I hope it doesn't
make my whole smoothie taste like
I'll put a link down below to where you
can buy this so here's today's smoothie
good green stuff protein banana mango
pineapple spinach and coconut milk all
right let's give it a go okay it's not
bad it's not as tasty as normal
obviously four triples no you can't
taste it too much it's just like a
really slight kind of in flavor it's
good with the coconut milk the coconut
flavor kind of hides it I look really
orange right now because I put another
layer of fake tan on because I want to
be super tan so I look crazy right now
but tomorrow I'll look awesome so it's
just hit 201 p.m. I just spent the last
two and a half hours or so in saying
that gigantic haul oh my gosh I had to
cut out like three packages that were
kind of like and not that interesting
just because the video was super long I
got it down to about I think it was like
20 minutes or so which i think is a good
amount of time for like a long video 20
minutes not exporting um so I think I'll
put that up next week hopefully and now
I'm going to have some lunch I should
have had lunch at least an hour ago but
I just was on a roll with my editing but
now I don't know what I feel like I
think I'm past the point of hungry and
now I'm just gonna like not hungry home
I feel like making something easy I
can't be bothered so this is how low I
am stooping because I feel through the
lazy lintel and tomato lasagna frozen
meal so let's go through all of this
mail I got some stuff from Beauty Bay
here and then this is from Sephora and
then this is a gift from revitalash so
if you've ever wondered what I use on my
eyelashes to make them long it is this
provider lash works like people is asked
for a review and all I can say is it
works and it's amazing and it has no
side effects and it just is great so
here's what's inside I am so keen to try
revita bro I've been wanting to try it
for ages
yeah so I'll show the Sephora stuff
first so I got the naked smoky palette I
bought all of this myself obviously
because I know
you guys have been wanting to see
tutorials using this so I should have
one up kind of soon ich lasted I get oh
and as sheer glow foundation because I
ran out and my shaders in Punjab my
favorite foundation ever so I had to get
another one because yeah ran out I got
some of the cover FX custom cover drops
because I've been dying to try them
they're basically like super pigmented
makeup drops that you can add to other
foundation or you can use these alone or
you can mix them with like primer or
moisturizer or something and I think
it'd be so cool to mix with like low
coverage foundations as well
what else did I get I got a stay light
equi glow blush and this is in the shade
water lily hopefully that's good I got
some gel eek redness rescue moisturizing
cream I thought I'd give it a go I heard
good things about this the Born This Way
Foundation which actually got sent a
whole suitcase of Born This Way
Foundation which you will see in my
upcoming haul that giant haul you guys
will go nuts when you see it like you
have to watch it
check out my reaction I was like holy
crap I got the your skin nude tan
tie-dye edition blush I saw this on
pixie wars channel and I was like holy
 I need it
Oh another stealer blush got another one
and we got some more Urban Decay eye
shadows cuz I love these this so good
I got a laura mercier lipstick and i got
another way so lipstick another laura
mercier lipstick and small samples and
then lucky last the Naked skin concealer
because I've heard so many people raving
about this so I had to try it naturally
and then from Beauty Bay I did get stung
with customs I'm so damn I forgot about
customs when I was ordering but I got
the Illamasqua powder foundation this is
like a pressed powder and it's so high
coverage and amazing and this worries me
this box is not looking clean but I
don't think this broke the pad is fine
something else down here must be broken
man I got the yes to carrots dry skin
body wash because I have super super dry
skin on my body I got the
OCC lip tar and I don't know what shade
this is main her is that it
I got another LMS curb lush because
Illamasqua blushes at the bomb diggity
and this is in the shade lover and I got
a red eye shadow by Illamasqua and I got
a green one the eye shadows are amazing
you guys might remember when I used
their orange one in a tutorial like an
orange one and a bronze one they're so
pigmented and silky smooth and amazing I
also got oh okay this is the Art Deco
sunshine blush limited edition I love
Art Deco powders this so good another
Illamasqua eyeshadow couple more lots of
green ones Oh another blush this one's a
really bright kind of red color
it's called excite restorative styling
oil I love joy car so yeh this was free
I got a I Kris skinny brush mascara I
love this mascara is probably my number
one mascara I've ever tried I got the
Laura Geller baked body frosting oh my
gosh got to them and I got this because
it had really really really good reviews
it's called the anti breakage thermal
protectant spray because I needed a new
heat protectant spray I got that one the
other day for blow drying and stuff but
I don't have one just for like you know
straightening my hair and stuff cuz that
blow dry one is for blow-drying do you
see that I think this is the thing that
broke okay or not I'm so confused
nothing's broken in here unless it is
this yep I'm confused
anyway this is a Lord gala sugared baked
pearl eyeshadow and B anchor looks
really pretty
so now I need to put all of this stuff
away and I still have to put away all of
my stuff from that hall as well but I
have a couple more things I have to do
it on the computer I've got it at
yesterday's vlog and I have to do some
Expo beauty stuff so if I have time
tonight I might do that tonight
how's this going does they look terrible
hopefully it tastes all right lunch is
served really good Lily hey I think it's
time for me to get rid of all of this
doll I you not Louie just set down
on me like this
like what is he doing you were so weird
why he's sitting on me huh so the
recycling pile has grown substantially
this is some of that makeup I bought
today plus some stuff from my mess of
Hall yesterday they have to put away
here's some more stuff from yesterday
that I have to put away so I've just
moved all of my colour-pop lipsticks all
down into this row I'm trying to
reorganize all these glasses because I
put all of them and then I've got a
bunch over here and then I've actually
got a nostalgia of Beverly Hills ones
all in there like all of them so I'm
going to try and reorganize some of this
it's just so confusing like I look into
the straw and I'm just like I don't even
know what to grab so I always just grab
the same stuff so I really want to like
organize it better so I can kind of see
where each thing is like maybe I'll
categorize it by lip glosses liquid
lipsticks and stuff like that I don't
know okay so I'm starting by putting all
of my like creamy and liquid lipsticks
and stuff like that here and then I
think I'll go like glosses over here and
then like bombs and stains and things
wherever is left now if put all of my
Anastasia Beverly Hills just over here
and I've got my la girl my dried
cosmetics and then my what are these
called the Sephora ones the Sephora
lustre ones okay so now I am here I've
got my dose of colors I've got drugs
medics Sephora
neck's two-faced la girl for LA let's
buy Australis and then down here I have
all my color pot once dogs I can't be
bothered moving there now at the back
have slick liquid lipsticks and Stila
liquid lipsticks and it is a Kryolan is
that Hebrew handset Kryolan Rimmel and
then make it through ver model Co
bareMinerals these ones are all makeup
revolution a couple of illamasqua and
then my Kat Von D at the front here this
is where I'm at now I've just put all of
my Mac lip glosses down here and then I
have all of my next ones down there and
then I started going over to stains on
the side and then I'm going to put all
my pencil lip colors at the back over
there so I'm going like liquid lipsticks
and then lip glosses and everything and
then pencils and stains so I got really
carried away it's 7:30 now so I'm going
to stop and forgot what we're going to
do for dinner but I fit most of the
stuff in I've still got to put all of
them in there so now I'm going to go
through and just take away anything I
don't think I'm going to use this here
is all the stuff I've already like
gotten rid of I'm just going to give it
to like my mum and friends and stuff mr.
stuff and I reach for all things that I
have like other colors that are
basically the same in here that I like
better simply yeah so excited hi you is
so happy so cute oh I can hear hello hi
oh okay fine
this is so spastic look at them yeah hey
this is my pal
dick dick dick dick dick chillin hey
Misha playing golf
it's very riveting multi-book this
literally looks like the worst game and
the entire world
this robot it like look at this
how is this gun you're just cheap yeah
yeah yeah we come on
we're playing this game called The
Escapist and you're basically like - oh
no oh yes
you're gonna like escape jail and you go
do missions and stuff in between you
know don't watch swear I've done it many
times
trophies don't worry but see it's those
that wait this is a sign for preparation
how does this go so bro water disappear
oh my god is that another website okay I
knew that I played one my face looks so
tan on camera it's not this intense in
real life I promise my camera is dying
so I'm going to say good night now
we're just going to play games and then
go to sleep later hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I'll talk to you soon
bye
