morning everyone so ya know it's 8:30
I'm just showered in everything I'm
stuffing so I'm gonna go make some
breakfast oh and I kind of feel like
eggs the dogs are being very noisy with
this squeaking toy I chased the trekking
for that last package I'm waiting for to
do that haul and it's still in Auckland
it was supposed to arrive Wednesday and
now looks like it's not gonna arrive
till tomorrow so so I guess I'll be
filming my whole tomorrow or on the
weekend instead but that's okay because
today I have it so over many videos I
can edit so I might just have a bit of
an editing day and a bit of a relaxing
day I also haven't played on my PS Vita
yet and I kind of want to have a go of
it so if I get all my editing done I
might play that later yeah so today's
gonna be quite chill I just came across
this on Instagram how cute is it that
people do like makeup looks inspired by
me I think that's so sweet
good morning so the tricky number is
obviously wrong because it did arrive
yay
so now I'm gonna decide if I want to
film because if you can see outside it's
very dark decision I just went to go on
the internet and Hamish said that the
internet is down how am I gonna survive
so I finished breakfast kind of I got
really full so never finish it and now I
have just actually just put a little bit
of thick down on my face it looks really
weird the day you put it on but you'll
see tomorrow
like it looks so natural like once
you've rinsed off the guy so I'm gonna
do my makeup now and then film this
appreciation mention I just tried this
blush for the first time I was recently
seen to it by Illamasqua it's called
rush it looks kind of like disobey but
it's shimmery and I put it on it's gonna
be kind of hard to say that holy crap
okay I look really muddy in this camera
that's not cool
anyway it gives you like the most
amazing like glow on your cheekbones
it's almost like a highlight
holy-moly metrics like this like you
probably won't you think you're cool so
finish my makeup now just gonna go get
changed do my hair
and then I'm gonna get started so the
time is 9:50 let's see how long this
takes me it is now almost 12 o'clock who
wants to come over and help me clean up
hmm that was incredibly fun and
exhausting but fun the best kind of
exhausting I wish you guys could like do
this with me I wish we could all just
like open all these things together it's
so much fun with other people I'm so
used to opening up like company packages
these days that I just don't feel like I
obviously am thankful duh but like you
just don't have that same like rush of
excitement it's like I used to when I
only could get like one package you ring
now and again it's so much more fun when
I'm like opening packages with like my
friends over and stuff and they're like
oh my god like amped me up so I just
finished filming I also did like a
snapchat Q&A I hope I got enough footage
I'm inputting all of my stuff now it is
at 12:40 4 p.m. so I really need to
start doing some editing now so I can't
she get something done before the end of
the day how cute is my jacket
it's from pagan Marie you can use the
code chantix or and get Timpson off so
cute I love it and these jeans are in my
halter so if you're wondering where
they're from you can wait and see
Hey lunch is super simple just made a
bagel with some tomato cream cheese and
onion hey guys welcome back to my
channel you guys wanted to see a video
on this look and I wanted to wear my
makeup like this again I'm just editing
at the moment and I look down here and I
see this really cute little bug look at
that he's got leagues for days if Lilly
was a human he would be a Victoria's
Secret model I don't care if he's a boy
he would still be a Victoria's Secret
model man if you wear contacts you guys
know how I feel my eyes are so read and
saw like I've just done so much computer
work today and oh my eyes are so rotated
so he's took out my contacts put my
glasses on
got 25 minutes until this video is done
exporting so I don't know what I'm gonna
do till then honestly I think once this
is it exploded I'm just gonna set it up
to upload and then I'm gonna go either
have a nap or I'm just gonna go relax
and lie down and play some games and do
some chill stuff because I'm so tired
I'm falling asleep so bad so I'm making
coffee and I barely ever drink coffee
these days which shoot shall i wear guys
I'm just going to learn star so I don't
really think I should wear heels
mmm I feel like most of my shoes are
heels
maybe these these are cute these are
from daily look and they'll go with my
Jersey too okay just kidding these are
actually from Toby it said Toby on the
sole so yeah TOB
Icom I think it is I'm so excited for
dinner la I cannot be bothered getting
off the floor right now but I just
really want the chicken can't be bought
it's cold it's the one that has like
sour cream and barbecue sauce on it so
healthy and then I want straight catch
it and I want a Olli and the coleslaw do
you guys find that sometimes you go to
Lone Star and sometimes the coleslaw is
like heaven in your mouth and it tastes
amazing and delicious and then other
times you go to lunch at and it tastes
like super bland and gross because that
always happens like some days I go and
it's so good and then I go back again
and it's okay it's time to get off
the floor now by the way on my lips is
that same la girl
color I was very ill oh my gosh look how
red my eyes are there is not sexy um yes
the same color eyes ringing earlier but
then I put bitch perfect I think it's
called by Charlotte Toby on top I love
it
oh hey Misha is getting petrol how much
money always been doing can I spy on it
I could have bought two mac lipsticks by
now you
I'm so excited this is the one I get
cajun chicken any anemic what are you
getting the ribs dinner arrived taste
Hamish this ribs or my goal of doors
look amazing and then we got some
refugees and I got the chicken and chips
and with Hamish was like struggling to
get the ribs down there so we finished
dinner what's the time it's not too late
is 7:30 there's a really cool car we
just saw what was it called an Audi r8
yeah yeah it was so cool it kind of
looks the same as our car except
flescher
that's no it's true form with the petrol
cap and the panel's though oh yeah head
like bleh it was like a white car so it
looked some of those house but they had
like black on it but if I had one I'd
probably just have it all one color
because it looked really intense and
then you've got like this metal fuel cap
that's like here's my patron care I like
to the IURC and they're really cool cos
they're in heaps of movies and stuff
whenever I see someone with a cool car
to be like hey what's your job like what
do you do say yo hit tonight it was
really good but I think we both over a
sway too much
we're both very full and I'm still not
feeling the best so we just may go home
and chill out and relax
obnoxious hey someone don't see someone
in like a fast card who roll up its the
daughter apparently she knows everything
 I I will drive side by side
next to someone normally and then they
just trying oh really fast
yes they make it this huge thing out of
it and I'm just trying to drive here no
and then you're lean up at red eraser
talking I'm still talking and then when
we drive to Wellington there's all these
poi races that down the motorway on the
way to Wellington who like try and boost
right in front of me and that's how
I've resisted for as long as I can in
their mind it then any shadows like
oh yes you going quicker you know I'm
like no no I'm going quick
again these guys Ramon the shadow famous
driving 101 just race people laid-back
okay you're cute little leagues look at
those legs
 them hello where's the other back
here he is
I don't have my contacts in right now so
I can't see if this isn't focus and if
it's not in focus I'm sorry I'm going to
try out the glam blowpipe a mud mask I
hold it today and I've been winning this
for so long so I'm going to try it it
smells really really good
I just raved about it a little pamphlet
and it's got um paid oil in it it smells
like pants I am crying laughter it Louie
induces me someone sent me the
screenshot from yesterday
I guess Lucy likes its ones here
Louie is like paint me like one of your
french girls looks like a chicken
I spent some rose oil on my skin as well
the lighting is so average in here look
how flushed my cheese get when I rinse
off my face mask my skin feels so
incredible hell idea when you go like
this between his eyes he starts to fall
asleep
so cute we're going to bed now I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog and I hope
you have a really good day or I have had
a very good day and I'll talk to you
that soon they
