good morning we just got back from the
gym my morning smoothie today I'm going
to try it with some of this juice which
juice isn't always the best because
usually it has heaps of fake sugar in it
but it just tastes so good and I'm
craving it
so notice some of that as my liquid and
I've got a banana and then this is the
protein I use it's called skinny protein
I like it because it doesn't really have
much sugar in it because I try not to
have too much like sugary fake shoes and
stuff I'd rather like fruit for my sugar
and I'm going to have lots of spinach is
normal and mango I usually always have
meeting and having some raspberries this
is how it looks just blend it with a
little bit all I was it sorted this is
imported how do you focus so manual I'm
just looking at really pretty in my
hotel this one's by new me they're like
microfiber here towels or something to
help dry your hair out but I don't know
I just like them because actually stay
put I'm like a towel which always just
falls off my head and ripped my hair out
and of course I'm still in my towel
because who has time to get dressed
straight after they get out of the
shower like come on you have to sit in
your towel for at least two hours well
not really it's 9:00 a.m. and I have a
nail appointment at 10:15 by the way I
still didn't clean the rest of my face
brushes Hey here's what I used today if
my highlighter I used this mixed with my
mary-lou manizer this is Jerry cosmetics
sorry about my filthy table it needs a
wipe down this is Audrey buy dried
cosmetics oh yeah there mary-lou manizer
mixed on my cheekbones
I used this foundation here Chanel
powder on my cheeks is like a by teary
blush it's like a white pink on my lips
is secret by la girl my lip swatch video
will be up by the time you see this
video um my mascara is the wet and wild
one and it's in like a orange container
I think my towel just dropped off when
wild mascara
then I just use random warm eyeshadows
on my eyes hourglass bronzer next
contour kit and it's about it I was
intending on doing a very light makeup
look and then this happened
this always happens to me when I'm like
planning on not wearing much makeup I
don't know what happens my hands just
get carried away so I have about four
minutes until I have to leave just
finish getting dressed I thought I'd
show you my outfit quickly and thank
goodness I'm on my way to get my nails
done because my no just like completely
snapped I don't even know if you can see
that it's like really bad I keep
catching out on everything oh so I'm
wearing this gray turtleneck top thing
from misguided it's like a playsuit not
play suit like you know the ones that
clip up in between your legs those
things and then these jeans here are
from I think these are from ASOS and
then this top here I have no idea where
it's from it's just like a sheer top ah
are you gonna miss me while I'm gone Lou
are you gonna miss me of course you were
bye so I get my nails done by Leona at
doll house nails and Beauty people ask
me where I get my brows way so I go to
there as well but usually I just pluck
them so I go there like once every like
three months or so and just get my
monorail waxed and all down here waxed
so here's what my nails look like at the
moment I don't know what kind of nails
I'm gonna go get but I don't know I'll
bring you along I guess
so this is where dollhouse and housing
beauty is if you're wondering but if you
want to go to her you have to book in
super super super earlier because she
box out really quickly might just be
worth just chopping it probably is it's
just going to cool everything here looks
like it's beyond repair
bleh spider hands good I know like their
hands make goodness yeah these nails are
like perfect yeah your nails the other
day which we're that not your ones but
some you did they were like hot pink
with the popping and foil there was
really cold
yeah my fresh nails they look so good
by the way if you want to come see it so
bid Liana stops them here yay
look how pretty which one's the best
don't break it
that one's good yeah oh yeah I know that
Sally had a popcorn smelling one and it
was really I didn't buy these ones
pretty they look cute in there they look
real : here yeah I'm so happy with them
Liana does such a good job the lighting
is really bad right here but now I'm
gonna go drop into my hairdresser
quickly because I want to get some
product it's like this quick dry stuff
I'll show you soon and then I'm gonna go
home and eat my stomach was so loud just
there and like it was like rumbling so
that I hope she didn't hear it because
it was ridiculous if you're wondering
this is where I get my hair done magic
happens hair and beauty and it's next to
countdown countdown just over there in
kelvingrove they do such a good job and
Joe does my hair there this guy was just
looking at me let's see if he turns
around and looks again
no he's alright yeah they do an amazing
job that all Joe does an amazing job
he's really good with blonde hair so if
you're wanting to go blonde or you are
blonde he's definitely really good and
I've started using all the Plex on my
hair as well and I like it so far
anyway this is the stuff I bought it's
called kms free shape and it's stuff
that you put in your hair it's like a
heat protectant but it also makes your
hear like dry really really really fast
so if you live in pommy
go buy some of this
hello hi hey Zeus hello did you miss me
could you must be huh you're supposed to
say year woof I'm such a crazy dog lady
hey family
no thank you so I'm back home no much
Reinke's and I'm gonna make some lunch
because I am starving I think I'm gonna
have Petter pockets again except I'm
gonna have one this time because I'm not
like I'm really really hungry about it
last time I was like really filling hi
little friend you look so cute down
there so slavs carrot I'll give him a
chunk come here sit sit stay my cursors
stay stay good boy Lilly stay stay good
boy
bye bye yeah cheesy goodness
I've got olives tomato avocado onion and
smoked cheese in here Hamish had bacon
and eggs for lunch looks really good so
I just finished editing yesterday's vlog
and it is explaining at the moment it's
got 23 so I'm just waiting for that to
finish and I don't really know like what
to do with myself right now and I don't
know what to vlog I'm going to read the
comments from yesterday's vlog well the
day before yesterday by the time you see
this I know one comment said like they
want to hear about my ex Oh beauty stuff
like how I started how I deal with staff
accounting and all that kind of thing
but I think I'll do like a whole video
about that one day to put it in short
like how I deal with it all like a lot
of stuff I have a manager to do a lot of
stuff for me and then I just kind of
oversee the whole production and oversee
the business is obviously more to it
than just that there makes it sound like
I do nothing but I am involved obviously
and one that picks all the stock and I'm
the one that I actually design the
website myself and the logo
those and take all the photos and
imagery and stuff but then I have other
people doing social media working there
packing orders dealing with emails like
all of that kind of thing and then over
the manager to help me deal with lady
accounting and like doing all of the GST
and tax and all the business and stuff
that I don't want to do I can't imagine
spending that much money on makeup you
earn your money and you can obviously
spend it hope you like that's just so
much makeup it's not a hater comment she
was actually been really nice like in
the rest of her comment she said what's
more but just to clarify all that makeup
I showed Ella day like I don't buy all
that like whole no I'd be broke let's be
honest I do buy a lot of makeup myself
but I would say probably 80% of my
makeup is sent to me or more someone
wants to know what my gym routine is I
try to go about six times a week
just because when I grew the gym it
makes me feel like really energetic and
happy for the rest of the day if I don't
go the gym in the morning I feel kind of
like cursed
last week I only went five times because
I hurt so much like sometimes I overdo
it and then my muscles are just like
jelly and I can't get out of bed usually
early morning I'll get up at like
between 6:00 and 6:30 because I have to
film at a certain time of day otherwise
the Sun goes right in front of my window
it's way too bright and you can't see
anything on my skin and then after that
it's too dark it's really frustrating so
I have to get all my filming done before
like 11:00 or 12:00 or 1:00 o'clock
depending on like what time of year it
is so I got earlier in the morning and
then I usually do about 10 to 15 minutes
on the trip more running and power
walking on the incline so like with it
going uphill and then I will usually go
straight to the elliptical cross trainer
or I'll do a kilometer Kalama nadir
kilometer on the rowing machine I've
been trying to do that I suck at it
because I've got no upper body strength
at all I'm trying to build it up at the
moment it's like my current goal so yeah
then I go on the cross trainer just for
however long I feel like doing some days
I'll do just cardio and other days I'll
go do light weights and stuff and I
usually do leg presses the ones that you
go straight up in the air I'm not very
good at gym talk and like technical
stuff so sorry if this makes no sense I
do like the leg press where you push it
up in the air
and then I do the one we were like
sitting up straight and you just push
away and then like today for example I
did dips like you know the one got those
makes no sense
like pull-ups in dips for my arms and I
don't hurt yet but I'm pretty sure like
by tomorrow morning I'm gonna be in so
much pain because as I said I don't
really work out my arms that much my
arms are like my trouble spot but I just
have like no upper body straight so I
avoid doing stuff at the gym but I'm
gonna try and like work on my upper body
strength so that's what I usually do and
then sometimes I'll do like I usually
just do like machines I don't really do
free weights or anything because I'm so
clumsy and I feel like I would just drop
them I'm editing some bloopers and I am
losing my at this part oh my god
Hamish wants me to cook his chicken
nibbles they're like spicy chicken
nibbles and we're using the Ekta fryer
and I remember vlogging about their
differ I like a while back when I first
got it but it is so good it's really
good to cook like chips veggies and like
meat like chicken drumsticks and stuff
like that it makes it really crispy
Chris Bru I don't add any oil like an
egg to fry you can add oil to make
everything real crispy but the chicken
already has like fat in it so you don't
really need it anymore so this is the
one that he mesh picked out it's just
like marinated spicy chicken nibbles so
just chuck them the actor fryer and then
you just go on and I usually put them in
there for about 20 minutes or so and
then I just check them regularly to make
sure that they're not burning or
anything
them till the coach basically love you
so here oh hey mrs. chicken bites and
then I'm making creamer and potato chips
here's my totes healthy dinner hey
what's up ello its 737 here my lipstick
really needs to be touched off at this
point I'll go do that soon sorry if
you're getting a heat pump it's kind of
noisy but it's freezing cold in here
right now
I've just been editing still oh my god
you two so obnoxious as I was saying my
name is going to go to the movie soon
we're gonna go see that I think it's
called paper planes or something that
could be completely wrong it's the one
that has curry delle Vigne in it and I'm
so excited it's pretty much my night
she's been working I'm waiting for one
specific parcel to turn up but before I
do that haul and it was meant to turn up
today according to tracking but it
didn't so I'm hoping it turns up
tomorrow while I'm at the gym so that
tomorrow I can film that video otherwise
I have to film at Friday if it arrives
on Friday but I'm aiming to get that
unboxing haul up next week for you guys
so fingers crossed for me
you're smiling that's not a pretty face
they do the sound like they're not
actually her to each other at all it's
like they play fight and they make these
weird noises that don't actually bite
each other is so funny
brotherly love
maybe is really really really good I
like really want to do it and it looks
likely because the evenings don't handle
even speak imagine where this place it's
like not the cliche in English hello
they look so cute look at you hello did
you miss me cutie he's been asleep he's
warm tonight laughs anything yeah
so we're home in bed now and we're just
going to watch some Netflix and go to
sleep so I hope you liked today's vlog
three in a row yeah still pal I hope you
guys have a really good day or night
wherever you live and I'll talk to you
soon
