okay I'm about to get in the shower I
just woke up I'm so tired
look how nice my skin looks though after
last night what we did so I just
finished it with my BH Cosmetics launch
video and see that through so that we
can share all the information to make
sure ever lied to you guys about
anything or any of the launch dates or
you know to make sure everything's fine
made some toast and now I'm gonna do
some makeup because I want to take an
outfit photo later on I've got my hair
appointment in an ALICE so I'm a little
bit rushed but it's fine
thank you
it's really calm
but we did it
free
hmm go guess there's a bite we're going
to the gym I need a wipe off my lipstick
already peeled off my lashes today
closed for pre workout because
apparently that's ads day which is my
most hated day I'm getting way stronger
my it's I can do so many more like
sit-ups light weighted sit-ups I can do
planking and stuff again I may be
bolstered I always wonder what this
stuff does to you like surely this
cannot be good for you in the long run
oh I bloody love having dogs the Sun is
out for hunts let's hope it stays around
to the weekend I was literally saying to
my hairdresser I was like I think it's
been raining don't mind the pile of
clothes behind me we've been doing a lot
of washing inside because as I say I
think it's literally rained like on and
off constantly for about the last two
months in every single weekend I think
for the last two months it's raining not
just like a little bit like proper like
 with her I'm so over it so cross
your fingers that this weekend will be
sunny I like just all I want to do is go
out for a walk fresh air golf relax but
it just rains I'm going to the gym like
this by the way I feel way too
over-the-top but also can't be able to
take off my makeup I really should but
I'm gonna be the glam girl at the gym
today but look what I found do you
remember my tutorial piece the blender
brush and pincer brush and now vacant
yay we can figure out what we have for
dinner
I'm feeling like brus veggie salad or
pasta bacon bgill somewhere about you I
might not even hungry yet but I'm
planning my meals
these beautiful products I took photos
on the other day that's why they hit
porn Saltburn tried the lip liners not
sure how I feel about them haven't tried
them yet
but they just look pretty don't know I
got sent it by Mika I'm so lucky
they smell like kids like you know when
you open up like pencils at school they
smell like that like the would smell
like the burnt wood or something I don't
know what it is but it smells like
really good smells like coal pencils a
weird smell that I like hopefully
someone else like gets what I'm talking
about I randomly got stamp this for free
I turn no way which keep which kid yeah
so healthy it's disgusting to eight so
what you meant I hate celery makes me
sick it actually makes me throw up in my
mouth
like I said boots I mean I love how he
likes a visit
he doesn't like rush gonna make it last
day Lou yeah thumbs up if you find my
baby talk voice to my dog's annoying
because I know I do when I did it I'm
sitting here like why am I so hungry and
then I'm sitting here like I didn't even
eat lunch like a head toast what the I
don't actually know what it's like
lipstick they say my lips stay for me
say we did that come from anyway um I'm
sitting here like why am I so friggin
hungry I forgot to eat lunch I don't
know how I keep forgetting to eat I love
eating I'm gonna take off my makeup it's
all like smudge from at the gym look in
ten out of ten so yeah gonna make some -
Hamish wants past back so time to cook
I've gotta sign some paperwork to X I've
got to do that it's just editing my vlog
so I just finished that and I was going
on about doing paperwork and there I was
like I forgot to do that
now I'm just frying up the mushrooms in
a crap-ton of garlic yes that's a lot of
mushrooms we love mushrooms and pasta
and then I'm using this pasta the large
spiral YUM looks gross tastes good
