hey guys just go look hey guys it's a
bit dark in here right now but we just
got back from the gym and I'm making my
breakfast smoothie so I thought I would
show you what I'm putting in there today
it's basically the same as you say so
yeah I'm gonna put some of this like
spirulina stuffing it's really good by
the way people were asking what kind of
blend dry use I just used the Magic
Bullet I've got a Vitamix but the Magic
Bullet is just really fast and easy and
easy to clean as well compared to the
Vitamix so I just use this so this is
how we are looking I added some water in
there as well just to make a little bit
thinner my hope if I plug it in
priestess it's really good it's very
thick though sorry I'm just kidding
myself sit up I'm about stop filming I
just did my hair really quickly it's
just like really miss a but I'm just
gonna go for the Missy vibe today I've
no idea what kind of makeup look I want
to do I feel like doing something see me
colorful because my last two uploads
were quite simple like one was very
neutral and then the other was just like
an eyeliner look with a bold lip so I
want to do something like bright and
colorful and fun I also faked and I feel
so much better I start to like myself
when I'm pale like I have nothing
against paleness if you feel comfortable
being pale in there as amazing but for
some reason I just feel so much better
when I'm fake tinge so effective I guess
it's because I naturally tan quite dark
I don't really like sunbathing anymore
you know it's just so damaging to your
skin so giving up tanning and everything
like natural tanning I miss it so much
so I'm happy that I can fake tan I use
Lovington by the way ultra dark it's got
a message from Alex
he is so freaking tell him to check that
out oh my gosh look at this he deserves
so me more subscribers so if you like
his work go subscribe I'll put a link to
him down below he's a really really
really cool guy how much nicer does my
room look with everything is put away as
to haven't checked out all my recycling
and rubbish and stuff yet because um the
bin outside is full check this out
when I got back from the gym all of
these parcels were waiting for me so now
I've got all of them plus excuse the
filthy kitchen all of these still yeah I
need to get onto that hall like ASAP
I think I might film it tomorrow we'll
see also this little monkey right here
is ripped up my shoes
luckily they're only like ten dollar
shoes but he's ripped the insoles out of
them yes I'm in pajamas and just yeah
completely roaring my shoes is a bit
over there there's a shoe here
why do you rip up my shoes hmm hmm this
little Italian Greyhound just loves to
rip up anything he can get his hands on
he climbs up on the dining table because
I quite often have work stuff up there
he will jump from there up onto the
table just clear it and get sucked out
and sometimes he even gets onto the
kitchen bench and we have like a fruit
basket and he'll the air pulls out of
the fruit basket and eat them
let's spit over here drive some you mean
tall just completely chewed up the
carpet brand-new house Louie you ruined
a brand-new house how do you feel about
that
oh yeah I better start filming what's
that it is 11:00 or 7:00 a.m. and I just
finished filming this to Jake that's not
focused is it let's check it really
tutorial setting and the lighting is so
bad like it candle lighting on camera is
okay luckily but now you can't really
see the proper fit of my eye shadow it's
like super jerko I'm like purple the
peach pink it's so pretty but at the
moment just looks really boring and
looks like just like the peach eye it's
like my eyes like wow yes I film that
and now I'm gonna do a lip swatch video
on all of these Ella go Mets
flip finish pigment glosses because
loads of my viewers have been requesting
this and I thought see these ages going
I haven't even tried them yet so I'm
gonna try them on camera and swatch all
of them and stuff apparently they're
really good like I've heard really good
things about them so I'm excited and if
the lighting doesn't go to poo I'm going
to film a favorites video as well
because I didn't do one this month
because I just didn't really have that
many new favorite so I thought it was
kind of pointless I'd rather just do it
like every two or three months when I
actually have like new stuff to talk
about so I'll probably upload the
favorites video at the end of this month
beginning of these month sometime and
I'm gonna read it at yesterday's vlog so
yeah it is 11:08 so I better get back to
it look at all the pretty colors so I
just have finished filming I did a
favorites video as well so I filmed
three videos today and now I have to
edit yesterday's vlog and I think I'm
gonna put one of these videos I
today up tomorrow so I'm gonna have to
edit that as well just because I've done
like three or four tutorials in her bro
and I kind of want to break it out with
like a different kind of video so yeah
cuz I've got like so many tutorials
ready to go like pre-recorded ones but
yeah you just want to do something
different so I'm gonna do that NYX but
it is now 12 at city 3 p.m. so I might
gonna cook some lunch
I feel like pasta which is terrible but
do IKEA no not really
cuz I want some pasta food nananana
I was just lip syncing in my video I was
playing you guys some of my current
favorite songs it'll go I'm in my
pajamas don't judge me I was playing you
guys some of my current favourite songs
now I've got how many times stuck in my
head how many times by DJ Khaled Khaled
DJ Khaled Khaled how do you pronounce
that sounds with with the New Zealand
accent and Chris Brown and the way I
love it it's an explicit song though
guys so if you were young don't listen
to that Chris Brown song ok did you miss
me yeah hello hello as a puppy what are
you cooking it smells good
these are my favorite pastas I don't
know why but they just taste amazing
we're making some meatballs I'm so Missy
did it is it is it but this is my lunch
it looks so boring but I'm so excited
this is like ultimate comfort food right
now so I'm importing all of my videos
that I filmed it today and while I wait
for that I'm gonna eat lunch and then
once I'm done with lunch I will eat it
how is it that I film at 3 videos and I
can make this much mess I'm just editing
this vlog now and then I'll do maybe a
lip swatch video for Wednesday cuz I
really like these and I want to show
them and I've still got swatches on my
hand I'm wearing one of the little
shades now it's so it turns out that you
stare filmed way too much
I felt like an hour worth of footage so
this video which you would already see
probably and if you haven't seen it go
watch it it's my previous video on this
channel
yeah it's 24 minutes 19 and it's taking
an hour to export so I'm watching some
YouTube at the moment and then I'm gonna
move the rest of my packages in here and
I
that one because I hid some stuff that
hey mission it Louie is the neediest dog
in the world
hey look what my skin is crumbling off
from where I've hit this breakout so I
just brought all of my packages in to my
filming room really for probably not
tomorrow because tomorrow I'm getting my
nails done in the morning and I have to
film in the morning because late look at
this lighting right now it's just bad
lighting after certain amount of time in
the morning so probably film that
Thursday but I think I'm gonna like hole
all of that stuff down here because
there's just like way too much stuff and
I know some of its gonna be boring so I
might just hole like the exciting bits
my video has 8 more minutes until it's
done exporting and then I'm gonna eat it
the next video that I have to get for
tomorrow it's currently at 4:40 p.m.
what are you having for dinner what are
you gonna have for dinner alright if you
can get one with stuffing get that the
best part of the day I don't get these
eyelashes to stick on today and now they
won't come off
oh no no I'm so done with my makeup sex
will wipe it all off but I can't be
bothered this is supposed to be the best
part of my day I was trying to put on my
false eyelashes today and they just
would not stick and now they're not
coming off
what is life oh there goes like five of
my eyelash is seriously am I like me
missing a big oh my god it's like pulled
all of my other lashes off thank
goodness the revitalash I can grow these
babies back I'm just editing stole but I
just looked outside and look how cold
this guy is
it's like reading purple and I think
it's really coming up properly on camera
and it looks so pretty
I can't rubbing my eyes and forgetting
that I hit make up one so now my makeup
is like halfway down my face but that's
okay cuz luckily I'm not leaving the
house tonight it is now at 650 I
uploaded yesterday's fellini vlog
finished using my lip swatch video and
now
I'm just doing some thumbnails and then
I better go have some dinner before it
gets too late I hate eating too late at
night other wise I just feel really sick
and like bloated the next morning today
is being very boring I'm sorry I don't
know if those vlogs like any good at all
look how awkward like when I do like
pictures of my lips this is how I pose I
like close with my head like back like
how awkward is this I'm gonna go eat now
but this is my progress on my thumbnails
so far people always ask me what I use
to create my thumbnails and it's just
Photoshop I was doing it two layers and
yeah that's basically I'm not that fancy
hey mer support chicken yes I love this
one yeah buns I'm so excited
absolutely destroyed my workout did you
take a look in Hamish it's done for the
day this is how I roll now talk about
myself in the third person
everything's green at the moment apart
from calories burned which is see that
by it's almost green yo I'm just having
couscous chicken lettuce tomato and buns
simple and delicious so I'm on Hamish is
camera now because after I finished
filming that last clip I may or may not
have completely dropped my camera on the
tiles and his son Ben can you see where
it's like dented and then there sure
like lens are so crooked oh and then my
phone just died and my phone just keeps
dying at like 30% so I think I'm almost
year for a new phone and I was editing
my thumbnail before and my computer was
lagging so much when I was trying to
edit all of my technology is just
failing me today
pardon you are failing me what are you
doing getting chicken
yay success so that is all ready to go
for tomorrow it's now what 10 to 8 2
p.m. and I think I'm gonna go relax in
bed for a hotel this is how the finished
thumbnail came out as well just if you
were wondering you ready for beads huh
where's this I love you money it's time
to wash off my makeup and I actually
cannot wait I'm using some of this lorry
on my cell order you guys know I like
that simple one um but I just had this
because someone sent it to me so I
thought I'd try this and say you stopped
my simple but it's not as good but now I
just feel like I have to use it up I
hate wasting stuff then maybe I'll just
get this to my mum or something it just
like doesn't you not remove my makeup at
all just I don't know it just like
smudges it that removes foundation fine
but anything else no you just lie still
Hamish this face wash this is the
Dermalogica dermal clay cleanser and
then this as well again if you want to
invest in something that's like worth
the money of your beauty routine
get an electric toothbrush it literally
like it changes your life and I know
they seem ridiculously expensive but
it's probably like the best money I've
ever spent on anything and it keeps
you'll take whiter for so much longer
it cleans it your mouth so well that
like you will never go back to a normal
toothbrush at the break-in everytime I
use like a normal toothbrush now my
mouth feels like dirty so I need to try
this how cute is this I love this so
much
I love this so much
it's a man hat measuring bid now and we
are gonna watch some TV and and ringing
my green tea which is kind of gone cold
because I forgot about it
you like my mug how cute is this I hope
you guys enjoy today's vlog and I'll
talk to you soon bye
