hey everyone so today I'm going to vlog
a little bit sorry if I look at Louise
trying to get in sorry if I look in the
wrong place I'm like looking at myself
instead that they camera this is only
temporary I just plagued in my blog
camera to charge because it's did so
I'll use that and like an arrow too but
I thought I vlog today just because I
haven't for a while I've been watching
the ciccone Jolie's is that how you
pronounce it oh I hope so but I've been
watching them at the gym lately and I
don't know they just inspired me to like
do vlog today I'm not doing anything
special but hey hopefully it's still
interesting for you sorry Louie is
crying at the door my room is an
absolute mess I hope you can't seated
hello you're coming in anyway I'm just
like sitting in my room right now I'm
just having my breakfast smoothie I'm
very rude at the moment as you can
probably see because I just got it from
the jump an hour ago so it's her shower
and everything this smoothie is heavenly
it is coconut milk and then like half of
that was spinach and then it's also got
vanilla protein banana mango and some
crushed pineapple all blend it up and it
tastes so good like kind of like those
Caribbean tanks if you drink pink
smoothies it tastes like the Caribbean
one that's so good also I had something
I wanted to say what are you sniffing I
must have like another dogs seen Tommy
he's like going mental right now I'm in
my pajamas don't judge me what up ahead
of thought every single time I come on
camera and I have breakouts I'm always
like excuse my skin or like excuse my
hair like at the moment it's looking
really messy oh my god excuse us excuse
that my new goal is to stop saying
excuse the way I look
I was watching Lily and she was saying
like why do I have to apologize for
looking like myself this is what I look
like
deal with it basically Lily super would
she's so lovely like I've hung out with
her in real life and she's just such a
nice person but yeah she said that kinda
thing and that was like I was just like
yeah that's so true why do people
apologize for having zits and things
like I'm pretty sure 90% of people in
the world go through a stage where they
get the occasional pimple breakout
whatever it is and
I don't want to be the reason people
feel insecure like if I point out my
imperfections I don't want other people
to also point out their imperfections
because there's nothing wrong with it
like it's a temporary thing that's just
gonna go away like there's no reason I
should feel like embarrassed about it or
anything so that's my new goal is to
stop saying sorry for my appearance my
plans for today I am going to clean my
beauty room because it is a pigsty and
I'm also going to edit some videos
because I have like three that I have to
eat it so I'm gonna do that
hey bags you locked in oh she's so rude
we just changed all of our sheets and
everything so I haven't done my washing
yet we bought some new ones I should
show you quickly we haven't made the bed
today obviously but we bought these new
winter sheets from Briscoes I really
want the pattern they remind me of
pajamas and then this new duvet cover I
said they're really wet Dubey cover as
well and it was super super cheap or 60%
off and I think it ended up coming to
like $15 or something but I don't know I
really like it it's just very like
pajama ish okay I'm gonna go edit now
for a bit about the Suzy by the way this
is from sue pray load load anyway I
uploaded that yesterday although I might
not upload this watch all tomorrow I
don't know but that was a bonus video
yeah it's a very simple look and some
people were like all of y'all my capsule
it frame it was an inspired look and
you'd be surprised how often I mean most
often my requests are just a really
simple tutorials remember making YouTube
videos for you guys and I'd like to
think I do quite a lot of them like out
there makeup looks like I do try to do a
good variation of looks but occasionally
I'm going to do something kind of simple
for people that want to see that because
a lot of people ask for it I'm just
finishing editing this video here is my
first impression on the Dior air flash
foundation so that should be up to
sometime in the next week or two I just
finished filming it this green look
using Alex's lashes is now once Oscar
say 139 I cannot read 119 p.m. so I
think I was eating that for like an hour
and a half I don't know it was pretty
easy to it actually so there is
exporting and
now I am going to go make some lunch
because I met starving so today for
lunch I'm going to make a couple pita
pockets because I am absolutely starving
apart from my smoothie I haven't eaten
today and yeah
hungry so I'm going to have spinach a
little bit of cheese some olives tomato
onion and some avocado now just toasted
up I use this Breville like grill thing
I don't know you can just use like any
toaster contraption you have I don't
know go try what this is oh my god how
old is this is this like a yeah but so
we get a refund if we kind of I don't
know but that's fucking ridiculous
got it yeah just my thank you Oh how do
they really speak like some light you
don't open there excuse me women excuse
you
so that is how it looks and obviously I
just put the tops on I have so many
parcels and things on the bench it's so
messy because I'm basically doing an
unboxing wall really soon so this is
where I've been storing all the packages
but once I clean my beauty room I'll put
them in there but there's a lot of stuff
to go through I don't even know if I'm
going to be able to like fit it all into
one haul video but we'll just see what
happens
so this is how they start to look once
you've been hooking them for a few
minutes so good definitely not the most
healthy thing in the world but I don't
even care because I am so hungry and I'm
craving it cheese this cheese here is my
favorite part so when I eat my lunch I
usually just like watch some YouTube my
video is still exporting it's still got
24 minutes to go I'm going to watch a
video who shall I watch I'm going to
watch Beauty crash because this
thumbnail is on point oh my gosh she's
so pretty hey guys
I swear the scents like two weeks ago
when I first ate olives and like enjoyed
them I've just not stopped eating them
like I feel like I've just been like
missing out on olives my whole life and
now I'm just like making up for lost
time so I just finished uploading a
video editing a video and doing all my
emails so now I'm going to go clean my
room this is my newest video by the way
so this is how my filming room is
looking I have it desperately been
wanting to clean it for the last couple
of weeks but I've been so busy working
on some like EXO beauty stuff and just
hits of other stuff as well so it's kind
of been pushed to the back I've been
doing a lot of traveling and this
happened I just looked in the mirror and
I don't know if you can see but what is
this doing am i here does anyone else
get random false eyelashes just like
stuck everywhere so I just finished
putting like most of my makeup away and
can we just
cry together at how many brushes I have
to claim right now all of the brushes
that are on this disk are filthy oh my
god I am a treating this just cleaning
out this bookshelf over here and I found
these cute cards that Hamish gave me I
love these
oh never ever throw them out this one
here is my favorite look how cute is
this so cute and then their comment down
below and let me know who you recognize
in this photo see if you can get all six
people hint one of them as me so I
finished putting away all my makeup I
just move put everything away where it
belongs if you haven't seen my makeup
collection video check it out next job
is to clear out these shelves because I
have tons of makeup to put away in there
and there I put backups stuff I haven't
tried yet that I'm saving for my first
impressions you know just stuff I don't
use this often but I still want to keep
for certain looks or whatever whatever
so I need to go through that and clear
that out my MAC lipsticks look so
impressive right now I've like organized
them all and then I put all of my like
OCC lip tars in a little holder in this
bit and then all of my sweet pea and fig
ones all like down there so I've just
done all of that Nick's job obviously is
that and then cleaning the brushes and
then that's rubbish I've got my suitcase
in here and some other bits and pieces I
need to put away so I need to like go
through that I went traveling how long
ago was it was probably like three weeks
ago two weeks ago three weeks ago I've
been traveling a lot I think actually
this is from when I went to Australia
which was like I don't even know how
long ago while ago so I need to unpack
so the shelf is all done and while I'm
here I want to know do you guys want to
see an updated like favorite perfume
video I've got so much perfume that I
don't want to do like a collection video
at this stage because it would be really
really really long but maybe I can do
like my top ten perfumes or something
let me know if that's something you guys
would like to see I just found this bag
of bad cosmetics
look liners so I need to find a home for
these as well I really like them I think
they're very creamy
oh they're not released if so they're
not so good for like for a super sharp
line but they're super pigmented and
really hydrating so they're kind of good
just like all over the lip so I have
emptied out all of my makeup as I see it
all the stuff that doesn't fit in my
makeup storage all the stuff that's like
double Spears stuff I don't use that
often and I played it all across the
floor so now I'm going to go through and
sort out everything so in this first
like what is this even called like tub
I've just got all of my empty mac
palettes because I recently put all of
my Mac eyeshadows
all of my Anastasia Beverly Hills eyes
shadows and everything into a Z palette
so just put all of the sphere packaging
in here in case I ever want to change
back to these palettes Lily's come to
help me hey Lou oh and I've got some
Spears E pallets back here as well so in
this draw I'm putting just a bunch of my
eyeshadow palettes I've got so many of
my chichi ones in here and then I just
put my very favorite ones in my drawers
right needs to me because there is so
many different like color combinations
so that's how that drawers looking got
most of my eyeshadows and stuff in here
this BH Cosmetics and spare ones of my
color pop collection some spare ones of
my forever nude in here bunch of the
foundations they're either backups
shades that I'm quite ripe me like at
the moment my David tried yet there's
tons of like my moisture mist like
backups because they just sent me label
some boxes a bit what else
yeah it just heaps and user backups you
know when companies senior staff they go
a bit overboard sometimes so that's
where all of that is for the next drawer
I've put a bunch of primers and a couple
of foundations that I missed before that
won't fit in the other drawer I put them
all in here
and then also some seating sprays and
all of my backup concealers these are
basically all just backups of the
concealers I have in my drawer already
and eligor saw that I love their
concealer and sent me like 10 trillion
more of them so that's why I've got so
many of those this here believe it or
not is all of my unused mascara there's
a little bit of everything in here
there's like over to Kate art I Cochiti
may believe
well the bodyshop next there's just so
many different brands in here I can't
believe I don't show new mascara is more
awful on my channel but I just can't
bring myself to only use one mascara
like a few times and move on to another
one like I always like to use them up
first
but there's just so much I'm missing out
on by the way like 99% of these were
sent to me I don't just hoard mascara
for no reason at all and my mum quite
likes coming over and stealing these off
me
and here we have a bunch of lip gloss
and lip balm my lip gloss drawer is full
so there are some backups in here like
I've got this already and like a ton of
my drug cosmetics ones already as well
as some that I don't really reach for
that often plus like a million backups
of my candy kiss because it's my own
shed and I have like a billion of them
in here all of my spear eyeliners
eyeliner like jumbo eye pencils smudge
sticks liquid eyeliners gel eyeliners
and all of that kind of thing and the
straw I've got some more mascara that I
missed before I can't believe how many
friggin mascaras I have and also a
couple more allies that I missed that
won't fit in the other drawers and then
all of the stuff down here is all brows
now so I've got like speer Anasazi
people hills dipbrow scare the Mac
fluidline stuff and here are a bunch of
lipsticks that I haven't tried yet so I
haven't put them in here some are like
ones I don't reach for that often some
brand new that I haven't tried and this
one here I have it blushes bronzers
highlighters just heaps of backup soups
of ones I've tried you Exeter etc and
here I've got tons of backup pressed
powders and some I haven't tried yet as
well and here are heaps of single
eyeshadows and quads and little
eyeshadow palettes and also that one
that I missed earlier just heaps and
heaps they don't reach for that often or
double ups etc so I put everything away
and I have like four or five spare
drawers like with nothing in them and
then I realized I forgot to do this box
so now we're going to do all this how
cute are these little rubber ducks
they're so small I'm never getting rid
of these that was exhausting I have a
massive tub of stuff that I already used
that
what anymore so I'm going to give that
to my friends and family who don't care
about my germs so it's 20 past 6:00 now
and before I have dinner I'm just going
to show you quickly what I use to clean
my eye and face brushes like this isn't
what I do to do clean them it's more
like just spot cleaning and getting rid
of the bacteria quickly but I still deep
clean them you know it really like
second time or so I'm actually going to
like properly deep wash all my face
brushes with soap and everything but for
all my eye brushes today I'm just going
to use this it's called cinema secrets
and it's a brush cleaner and you can
google it and find it online
basically just pour some into a little
dish and then as you can see this towel
is absolutely filthy this is my
nominated brush cleaning towel and I
just wash it in between you know but it
does like stain so you want to use
something that you don't really care
about and then if I find you a really
dirty brush this one is absolutely
filthy all you do is you dip it in and
you can tip it like all the way in it
says on the packaging I've never had any
trouble with it and then you just go
like this
and if it focuses you can see how clean
that is it is specifically like brand
new and the best thing about this stuff
is it dries in like a few minutes so you
don't have to set them out to dry
overnight or anything so yeah I'm just
going to do that with all my eye brushes
and then these ones like all my big face
brushes I'm going to give a deep clean
because I haven't given them a deep
clean um since like the time before I
used this honestly the stuff is the best
ever you think your brushes are like so
stained but you just go like this boom
like new again I think in the next few
weeks or so I might actually put
together a proper brush washing video
for you guys and suit up my professional
camera and like show you how I do it
properly let me know if you're
interested in it so I just cleaned all
of these brushes and I've still got some
of that left
shego how messy that is and at the time
time is now 637 so that did not take me
long to clean that many
I just wanted to say thank you so much
for the response on my heart-to-heart
video I uploaded you have no idea how
insane that experience was for me which
sounds really stupid I don't know it was
just a lot harder to talk about than I
thought it would be and it brought up a
lot of old feelings like I wasn't really
feeling the best after I filmed that
video and after I ended it
you know I like went out for dinner that
night and I was just like I feel so
weird and then the next day I felt
really weird
and I felt really sick and I wasn't
gonna uploaded then I was and then I
wasn't then I was and then I did but you
know for that day in the day after and
after that I pretty much just felt
really down and sick and strange and
then my mum went to talk to me about it
I was just like I don't want to talk
about it huh it was just like I don't
know was very intense and I did read
basically every single comment from you
guys and I just want to say thank you so
much um you guys really make my day you
guys are like you know a million how
much is it like 1.8 million of my best
friends and I'm really proud of that
video now like after reading the
response like after reading all the
comments from you guys I'm a lot happier
I'm quite proud of it now and I'm proud
that I did it that's all I wanted to say
and it was amazing - I only read two
negative comments like that whole time
there were so many comments like it's
one of the like most commented on videos
I think of event like made and the hater
comments was shit anyway that was so
funny like one of them said that I was
lying and something about like if people
don't like me I hate them and I want
them to bow down to me at all this shit
I was like okay that sounds like me and
then the other one was just saying stuff
like basically swearing at me and being
like so what you're saying that children
are and it's a positive thing and all
this and you know of course someone's
going to take it out of context and put
words into my mouth yeah I mean for two
negative comments versus like thousands
or even offers thousands hundreds and
hundreds at least like really positive
comments and understanding comments and
just like stories from you guys
that I could read and so many of you
guys are going through a hard time and I
just want to let you know I like you
know keep pushing through everything's
going to be alright in the end
yeah I just want to say thank you Hamish
is at the gym right now so I'm just
waiting for him to get back I've asked
him kindly if he would pick me up some
fresh fish because I feel like some
fresh fish for dinner
fresh fish try say that 10 times I think
I just created a tongue-twister refresh
fresh fish fresh fish fresh fruit okay
that's very hard I really feel like just
like fresh fish salad for Damaso
hopefully he doesn't forget he's been
gone for ages now that I'm starting get
hungry like get back before I get hungry
I have no idea what to vlog like I just
kind of wanted to vlog me talking about
stuff but then as soon as I turn on the
camera I forget about stuff to talk
about
I might vlog tomorrow as well so if
you've got any like it's a any questions
or random topics you want me to talk
about or just my opinion on staff
comment down below and I'll talk about
some of the random stuff that you guys
want me to talk about hey puppies hi
Hamish got me some Guinness were you
having salmon marathon bitch what it's
awesome how many steps have you done
today that many of you have only five
four nine what 82 active minutes I'm a
freaking beast look I've done 2300 days
yet I've had total it's 400 done logger
man Hamish have been using this Fitbit
app and it's so good keeps you motivated
to like burn more calories and do more
steps and stuff
yes Madonna into life on the menu we
have Brussels bloody sprouts yeah I'm
jealous they don't smell which is good
they don't look good though but I'm
gonna try them
I don't like Brussels sprout no you
don't know I know asparagus though so I
mean I was just like I tried this Louie
we'll try one I've done seven kilometers
2,000 calories 10,000 368 Stoops
mas are you proud of me mm-hmm I don't
know if that was good or not but I'm
assuming that's good I think it's good
what was it inside you know I wasn't
really listening sorry no nothing
I'm just trying this on low heat this is
my dinner I know it looks really boring
but it is so good I'm not very hungry
anyway since I had so much lunch so I
finished dinner and I cleaned a few
brushes down there Lowell at the hair
extensions and now I'm going to do this
face mask this is one of my favorite
face masks that as amid Paris masks pure
effect and is really really really
expensive I bought it in Italy because
the chick told me it was good and I was
traveling so I didn't care about
spending lots of money at the time it's
so good I think I will repurchase it
when I run out even though it costs and
I'm in a league by the way I used this
little squishy thing and this bossy
makeup brush shampoo to clean my brushes
it's the first time I've tried it and it
washed them really really good like they
came out really really clean so yeah
there was drying now I only got through
about half of them but I thought I could
do half today and then hopefully
tomorrow I'll do the other half he was
so cute I love the color of this
facemask
I can hear Hamish listening to Zed seed
retweeted me the other day hey Zeus you
come to beat Lu Louise gonna come
sprinting in here any second now okay
fine yeah do you want to go to the dance
with me
no fine yay me and Hamish have almost
thought to this game we're trying to get
all the trophies this game is so
addictive but this level right now is
difficult at the moment but we've done
harder heavily Hamish mm-hmm we can do
it yes
whoo zoomed in the lighting in here is a
horrible okay I just rinsed off my face
mask and now I'm putting on some of this
stuff I got it in the mail a few weeks
ago and I just started using it every
night I really like it so far so you
could night Lily so oh man Hamish you're
going to keep playing this now piggle I
should be back in a few more days with
another vlog hopefully if this all goes
well hey
