hey everyone so today I'm going to do a
video basically looking at funny videos
and try not to laugh
I saw Alfie do this and I really wanted
to do it so I'm doing it say first I'm
going to show you a video that makes me
laugh actually I should move over a
little bit so you guys can see so this
is called big like chicken skiers
Stirling reporter I'm probably going to
laugh this is my favorite youtube video
of all time big black Austral up couple
what are 500 birds that are being judged
today at the show to do okay now I'm
going to try not to laugh at anything
so this next video I like all these
needs lens inches videos that you guys
have linked me so we're gonna stop this
one it's a facebook video don't do that
at home
what is this 142
I don't get Michael why didn't you your
homework was gonna do it right get it
scaring grandma it was good baby
Albuquerque say hey Nelson my question
is because I grew up in Albuquerque yeah
was there any cool places anything that
you like me they're wrong about you like
it what did you have on there yeah go
and visit your mother once in a while oh
good
I just I wish that why do I feel like
someone's gonna get hurt I suck at this
al amal sneeze this is gonna get me on
orders
that tells us this fat cat can't jump
do it I want to laugh so bad you know
this is gonna be good yeah I just got
home from work and here's the three
tricky whippets here did they do it come
up and show me up here Oh have we failed
holy crap
you do exactly look at all this mess I
think this commentary is funnier hey
what have you been doing a lot of work
oh my gosh I would die money to buy you
treats right look what you've done in my
business I had to show you this damage
here girl
that's me trying to hula-hoop I'm no
better what just happened
my computer is so laggy I think it's cuz
I'm filming the screen oh my gosh
cat goals you're gonna get sick of me
saying oh my gosh there's but it is cute
Oh her face she was not happy what is
happened she's holding on to its leash
oh poor girl
heads
Oh No it's okay he's fine
Oh is he okay
holy crap I'm worried about how this is
going to end
okay okay he's just gonna turn around
again that's fine so that was there hope
you guys enjoyed this video of something
to friend let me know if it was good I
don't know some more funny videos like
link them down below because basically
that's just my favorite thing to do my
spare time is look up funny videos on
YouTube I hope you guys have the best
day and I'll talk to you soon bye
