okay guys so I was watching one of
Amanda's videos I'll link her down below
and it was basically it was a vlog and
was about basically how she's been going
to church a lot lately I'm not religious
I've got nothing against religion though
um but I was just like listening to a
talk and I agreed with so much of what
she was saying and I kind of felt like
doing a little bit of like a video
response like just chitchat video to you
guys with you guys so basically she was
just saying in short I'll link the video
job or you can watch it yourself because
I'm not just gonna go talk about what
she was saying
cuz you come up to it the general idea
was basically like everything happens
for a reason so I just wanted to talk
about my life a little bit and talk
about how this relates to me as well so
as I said I'm not really religious my
personal beliefs
I believe in kindness and sounds really
stupid and cliche but it's true like my
beliefs I believe in kindness I believe
no positivity I believe in believing in
yourself those are the things I think
makes the work around as soon as you are
a really negative person a really
hateful person I really you know just
negative and general person I feel like
it really stopped you from doing well in
life not necessarily with everything I
mean there are plenty of like successful
assholes out there but I just think that
when you have a positive attitude and
you believe in yourself a lot more you
can really accomplish so many more
things because you're just in the
positive mindset we can just do
everything so it's kind of like where I
am with like my beliefs I remember
Tolkien when my friends and he is very
like religious and he said that he
believes and kind of like a God within
himself which I guess like I would agree
with that it like I believe that you
know my future and the power of like
what I can do it was really just inside
me and it's just all about like
accessing that and really just like I
don't know I don't know how to explain
this I think you guys will kind of get
the gist of what I'm trying to say right
now I'm just gonna like ran below him in
this video so if you don't like these
kind of videos maybe just click out
because I haven't scripted anything I
don't know what I'm about to say I'm
just gonna talk to you guys for a little
bit I've done one of these videos before
really like
and then done a real hardcore like
heart-to-heart video so I hope this is
okay and maybe if you are sensitive to
like depressing talk maybe don't watch
this because I think I might go on to
some stuff that's heaven in my life as
well not everything there's a lot of
stuff that has happened to me in the
past that I just don't want to give a
talk about in public like on camera
because I just don't want to and I don't
feel like I should have to tell the
world about some things that have
happened in my life anyway okay so she
was going on about how everything
happens for a reason and it is so true
it's like one of those things like it's
so obvious and I talk about this a lot
if you follow me on social media I'm
always talking about this kind of stuff
every small thing that happens to you in
your life is counting towards your
future that's counting towards something
bigger every negative thing that happens
to you is going to help you later on in
life and I know so many of you right now
are probably going through a hard time
with something I feel like that's just
life I'm not saying that it's what I'm
not saying that you don't deserve to be
upset or anything you totally do I've
been there done that
I still get upset a lot but what I'm
saying is just try like as I was saying
before positivity is so important and I
know that some stuff happens and you're
just like how is this ever going to be a
good thing but every little like bad
thing that happens in your life does
count toward something I'm gonna talk
about one example and they try not to
cry because I don't want to be like you
know I don't want you guys to feel sorry
for me like that it's not the point of
this video the point of this video it's
basically just to let you guys know like
you're not alone and I've never talked
about this on camera before because so
many of you guys Boyd's messaged me
saying like my channel zapper a place
for you to like forget about drama
forget about life forget about what's
happening at school forget about what's
happening you know all the way things
that help make sure you come to my
channel and you watch makeup and you're
just figured about it all for a while so
you think that's one of the reasons I
kind of been done this plus my family I
think my family knew about this but I
don't know if they really did I don't
know if they make sense this is like a
wall how did you talk about that I
thought it would be so even that
dramatic like I mean actually it was it
was really horrible I'm sorry I didn't
want to
this because oh I hate this okay this is
something I hate passionately hate every
time a youtuber does a video about
anxiety or depression or something
everyone just goes on like oh my god
you're just like attention-seeking oh my
God look you're just like making it up
to like get cool like people think it's
like a cool thing to have anxiety or
depression or whatever honestly if you
think that of me right now I would just
believe like if you want to just like
this video going it I don't care like
this is not the reason I'm doing this
but it is to be honest a reason why I
haven't told about this because I don't
want people to be nice like I don't I'm
a human I don't like it when people are
nasty to me it's hot I'm just like a go
sitting at a computer talking to a
camera don't make up like just living my
life doing what I want and people were
just assholes anyway that's off my chest
where do I start
okay so you guys know mm-hmm I guess it
kind of started first after me and my
ex-boyfriend broke out we were together
for five years which is a long time like
I think I was about 20 when we broke up
quarter of my life I was with this one
dude I'm glad we broke up like doesn't
it sound horrible he was a really good
person like there's not I've got nothing
against him I've got nothing against him
we had a really great time together that
was just time you know we grew up
together we grew apart I just feel like
we were kind of going in two different
directions in a way anyway that's
nothing to do like no it's not a huge
part of what I'm talking about there's
just kind of when it started like so we
broke up I think that was going into my
second year of uni first year of uni I
had so much fun it was great for some
reason am i seeking yeah I don't know
what happened I guess I just wasn't
enjoying it I just have to give myself a
break every few seconds otherwise I'm
gonna start crying and I can't ruin this
makeup look like this makeup look is it
on fleek okay I guess I wasn't enjoying
it so much I think it was a mixture of
just you know just being so much time
with one person and then going into life
like I learn like you're not having a
companion like Obie's and family and
friends but it's just different like
when you're so used to spending so much
time with someone and then you're not
it's really weird but I wasn't regret
at all like it was something that you
know it had to happen but I guess it
just started affecting me like I started
drinking a lot more like I wasn't an
alcoholic like I'm talking just like
normal like teenager partying
I started partying a lot more that's
probably a good way to put it not
drinking because it just felt like I'm
sitting in my bed like drinking alcohol
or something it wasn't like that I was
just like hanging out with friends
probably too much I wasn't focusing on
spending time alone oh there's more
focus on spending time with my friends
drinking going up hiding and going out
clubbing just you know all that kind of
stuff I know part of it was because I
was like okay I was on my medication and
this is so weird to talk about because I
was filming heroes for you guys like
this whole time and this have been so
long ago like oh it's just bringing out
memory it's like horrible memories I'm
totally fine now like don't worry about
me basically I guess I just wasn't quite
right like my hormones went riot I was
thinking like when medication I
definitely started feeling very
depressed at first I thought it was
nothing I was like not like that's kind
of thing what like I've got such a good
life like you know I mean I wasn't rich
I wasn't famous or anything I was just
happy like I hit my friends I had a good
family I had a house to live in so I
would kind of like dismissed the feeling
I've liked appreciate the back of my
mind it was like like it wasn't even
like depression isn't like crying it was
try or anything it was just like this
weird empty feeling inside me it's like
so hard to describe it's it get worse um
you guys know I dropped out in for you
Cole you know like University I dropped
out I just couldn't take it I couldn't
take the pressure
something wasn't right okay
there is like the story is going
somewhere good I'm not just like saying
all this crap just to depreciate I'd
like you think you feel sorry to me as I
say it like I don't know that there is a
point to this message but this whole
past is important to my end message
dropped out everything was fine
eventually I was being so much time
doing YouTube because YouTube was the
thing that made me YouTube was the thing
that made me so
haeppy in a sense it was the only thing
that made me feel quite normal because
when I was just by myself I felt scared
and I didn't talk to my family about it
because I was kid they would I was just
to get that they would like think I was
being stupid I was scared that that
would cause like I just dropped out of
uni I was doing YouTube full time as I
said ok I don't even know where I'm
going with this I probably should have
scripted this a bit like wrote down
notes or something about I was doing
YouTube's often because it made me happy
it was great it made me feel normal made
me feel so good and eventually that was
when I could start living off youtube
like I wasn't earning a lakh so I was
still living at home so I could just get
by I wasn't paying much reading I don't
know as pang Green so I just earned
enough to kind of like you know cover
myself basically so I quit my job
because I was feeling and at this
point every time I was alone and I felt
 I didn't want to tell my family I
thought that'd be so ashamed of me like
dropped out of uni doing YouTube
full-time like obviously BEC thing like
I was probably one of the first New
Zealand is doing YouTube full-time so to
them it was weird and at first like my
parents were very supportive don't get
me wrong I think I still feel like or a
bit like oh like maybe get a like
part-time job on the side or something
you know just cuz it was you know
obviously even I didn't know where it
was gonna go I can give a flawed be
where I am today so yeah it didn't tell
my family about how I was feeling I
guess I told my friends a little bit but
they didn't understand look how bad it
was sometimes I would have such bad
thoughts that I would just drive and not
even go anywhere I'd just drive because
it was one of those things it would kind
of like take my mind off it so basically
where I'm going with the story
eventually like how I got over it kind
of thing I stopped taking that bad
medication that helped a lot and then I
moved to Auckland with Hamish we ended
up getting together which I was batshit
like crazy so I don't know why he though
you know we all with me in the beginning
but hey it was good we moved to Auckland
Tom pitch saw a match got better when I
moved to Auckland
my life changed I anyway it's not the
point now so that's basically most of it
I also like live time you guys know if
suddenly that's not something I want to
talk about but that was all happening
around that time I noticed a lot of you
thought I was acting a bit weird around
that time and yeah I moved out of home
because I was just yeah but we had and I
never went and got help which was stupid
actually talked to one of my workmates
like she knew something was up she was
doing umm hiram what it's called it's
that talk way like you ring up and you
talk to like a counselor on the phone um
it's for like teenagers and stuff I mean
she'd been trained in there so she could
kind of like pick up then I was upset
plus the fact I was like not talking to
anyone when I was at work like that's
when I was still at work but we did
still catch up like after I left and she
helped me a lot
after I felt a lot better anyway I don't
know where I'm going with this
once I lived in Oakland I everything
just got me there but it's you know I
felt a lot better and I feel fine now
I still get really sad sometimes but
that's just life so any of you that are
going through you know bad times you're
not alone you boys say like my life
looks so perfect and everything I love
my life I have a great life I'm
incredibly lucky and grateful but you
know there's so much that heavens that I
don't want to share the whole point of
this everything happens for a reason
as I said before I dropped down a few
coal and I could spend time you know I
could focus on doing YouTube videos that
oh my gosh it changed my life if this
spell of feeling really upset and
feeling depressed and feeling alone and
feeling unhappy think never happens I
probably wouldn't have dropped out of
you cold I probably wouldn't have left
so you know I would have still been
studying if I was still doing that work
like you guys know how hard in years
like the first years okay I was top
loading but like seeking yeah like it
gets hard I would have had to
get my videos I wasn't living on it off
it it went you know I was anything like
a couple hundred bucks a month or
something it wasn't enough to like move
out a home go flitting do all those
things and eventually I feel like I
would have had to almost stop YouTube
and oh my gosh please like I am not
telling you to drop out of uni or
anything and piss your YouTube career as
nasty as the sounds like I'm not trying
to be a dick but you to doesn't happen
for everyone like you know I encourage
everyone to give it a go though anyone
can do it I'm living proof anyone can do
it but don't just drop out and focus on
YouTube I'm gonna be YouTube famous like
work towards it if it happens it happens
but don't put all of your eggs in that
basket if you know what I mean
because it doesn't work for everyone I
hope I don't sound nasty I'm just trying
I don't want you guys to like listen to
the story and think oh I'm gonna like go
do this that's not the point but
everything happens for a reason that
bedtime of my life turned out to me the
most important thing that ever happened
to me I own my own business
they wouldn't never happened if I didn't
leave you Cole I never would have had my
own business just so many things have
happened because of YouTube everything
in your life matters honestly that
moment of my life was awful that ends up
being the best thing that could have
happened leaving your car leaving my job
focusing on YouTube just for those few
months and just building my channel and
then as soon as I moved to Auckland I
feel like that was my kind of light
really took off and my channel side
growing really really well so I'm just
grateful every single day
like well I've been able to do so thank
you guys so much if you're going through
a hard time just know it will get better
I felt like it was the end of the world
but it was the best thing that could
have happened to me three friends you
have every person that bullies you the
person that says hi to you in the shop
it puts a smile on your face every
single person that enters your life
matters and makes a difference to your
life
I strongly believe that I also believe
that everybody that leaves everybody
that treats you bad everybody like
everything whether it's a positive
influence on your life or a negative
influence on your life everything makes
a difference everything builds you into
the person that you are today when I was
younger I never thought I would have
eating like chuck of confidence I never
thought I would have any kind of like
security within myself I hated myself
because you know bullies everything
eventually like at first I used makeup
it is a mask you guys are eating like
that I've talked about this before and
it kind of helped me feel be there and
that stops the bullies a little bit
because it was you know at least I
looked a little bit nicer but they don't
know of course people were like oh why
Shannon wearing so much makeup to school
with all those kind of things but I
don't know makeup made me feel very
empowered and it made me feel very
powerful in general yeah if you are
being bullied at school like screw thin
I know what it's like it's so hard I was
their kid that liked to nerely have many
friends eventually I did find a good
group of friends and the only person I
really friends with anymore from that
group of friends was Kelly but it's not
really good friend flow so people ways
ask about that honestly screw the haters
screw the people that mean to you people
are always gonna try and break you down
it happens always even when you're
successful you don't people start hating
on you and more when you're successful
people hate on you because you're ugly
people hate on you because you're
beautiful people hate on you because
you're smart people hate on you can just
stupid
it never stops you've just got to take
the high road be the kind and wonderful
person you are believe in yourself
believe it in positivity believe that
that one nasty thing that someone said
turn it around make it a positive that's
what I always like to think as well like
sometimes I read something really mean
about me I just think you know what this
person doesn't know me this person has
no idea what a big gorillas person has
no idea you know how I was raised this
person you know they know nothing they
know what I have chosen to put out there
and it's the same with like people at
school they don't know you I always
think of that quote you know like what
people say about you shows more about
them than it does about you so if
someone says something negative to me I
just flip it around and make
positive I just think you know what at
least I'm not the one saying those
things at least I'm not the one stooping
so low I truly honestly believe like
people that a positive input positive
energy energy into the universe and
people that are kind and people that do
something good for the world they they
are the people that will succeed
you know karma as soon as you start
thinking negatively it really does
swallow you up like during that period
of my life I was like I'm I'm ugly
I'm stupid I'm a failure all of those
things like you know it just he's on a
downward spiral you can't think like
that and I know it happens to all that's
like I still think that sometimes I
still think oh my god and such like like
my video sucks oh my gosh like people
are gonna hate on me and I still think
bad thoughts sometimes but it's just
trying to flip it around to a positive
obviously I feel so weird like talking
about this kind of stuff because it just
seems so stupid
honestly it changed my life and I feel
weird for saying that but it did
positive thinking kindness just be a
good person if you're hating on someone
right now just stop even no idea what
that person's going through I had some
very dark thoughts during that period of
my life and then I mean look at it
I bit most of here I'm gonna say most
most of you probably had no idea that
anything bad was going on you know
behind closed doors like or behind the
camera you guys had no idea and it's the
same with people you know in real life
in general you don't know what they are
going through and you definitely don't
want to be you know that person that
tipped them over the edge what I just
don't understand bullying like what you
want like what do you want them to do do
you want them to die do you want them to
hate themselves like what do people do
to deserve that
I just it's the stupidest thing like I
just have no time that's why I like when
people hate oh yeah just block them I
don't give a like you don't deserve
to be in my life you don't deserve it if
you're gonna be an asshole a block you
people have like blocking people is such
a bad thing or like I don't care I'm
gonna block here I think I've talked
enough
I'm sure there's so many more things I
could talk about but I'm just enough I'm
gonna go fill them a funny video now I
can ask you guys to send me some funny
but you're length so I'm gonna do like a
reaction video because I knew I would
need it after this I'm so sorry if this
was depressing but I just felt like it
was time for a hot - hot and I've never
done this I love you guys so much and I
hope that you know now more than ever
like how much you really do mean to me
