hey guys so today I am doing a cooking
video which I know I haven't done for a
really really long time but some reason
I was sitting at the he dresses today
got my roots done and I was like I
really feel like doing a cooking video
so today I'm going to show you how to
create these taco bowls I don't really
know what the specific name of them are
you can definitely make this vegetarian
as well it tastes amazing without any
meat at all or instead of mints like I
used today you can use chicken or pork
or whatever you fancy so yeah if you
want to see how to do the super easy
quick recipe then just stay tuned first
off you just want to make sure you
pre-heat your oven before you start
preparing at your reps so what I'm using
is the spares multigrain wrap and a
little bit of spray oil you want a
little oven safe Bowl I'm using the
stainless steel one and then you're just
going to smoosh it in there and spray a
little bit of oil on top of that just to
make sure it crisps up nicely then in
the oven and instead of timer so you
don't forget about it
my needed about 15 meds yeah but just
you know put a timer on for a little bit
sort of just in case of burns while that
cooks I'm going to work on my fillings
so for my meat I'm doing mince and
attack remix you can use any seasonings
you want I just use the stock remotes
because it's easy and then beans
tomatoes and a little bit of cheese so
in separate kind of pens
I'm putting the mints and the seasoning
and one sometimes I just use like chili
and stuff but this is just a little bit
more mild because I knew Hamish would be
eating it as well and then the other
little Bowl pan pot there we go pot and
putting beans and tomatoes and a little
bit of cheese in there just to make it
nice and melty and delicious and creamy
check out on your tour teller taco bowl
thing and if it looks ready you'll get
to feel it like if you just touch it
really carefully it's going to be hot
it'll be nice and crispy filling then
just take it out and let that cool down
while you get together all of your
salads and stuff so for my salads I'm
gonna do a little bit of like a
guacamole meshed epicotyl concoction
I've also got olives cheese sour cream
lettuce you know the drill so for my
guacamole stuff it's not really
guacamole because I don't put capsicum
it but I just really love this mixture
so red onion and then a chilli and I
chopped that up nice and little ish
because you know you don't want big
chunks I'm going to blend it anyway so
just pop that in there and then I like
to put in an avocado water just however
much I need and then a squirt of lemon
juice I usually do fresh but we didn't
have any lemons so I'm using the bottled
stuff and then salt and pepper and then
I'm just mixing that up in my little
Magic Bullet thing so there you go now
once that's all blended together it
looks a bit like this and it seriously
tastes like heaven in my mouth that's
one of my favorite foods and the entire
world they honestly really like the rest
of my little ingredients so I'm doing a
bunch of olives and then I'm also doing
like onions I'm doing tomatoes you know
just a bunch of different toppings you
can really just use anything you want
anything you like it all it really
doesn't matter just however you like
your salads we're just going to be
mixing that all in so I'm just dishing
out a little bit of mince in the very
bottom and then a little bit of bean and
tomato mixture and then next I'm going
to put in my salad so we have some
lettuce and cabbage and carrot and I'm
also doing some cheese some tomato and
my onion and then we're just going to
put on everything else so salsa sour
cream the Ewa kado mixture you can
absolutely do anything you want another
really young topping to put on top is
like Greek yogurt that tastes really
really good as well and by the way I put
the rest of the meat and everything in a
container in the fridge so I can use
that again for leftovers and it tastes
really really good so yeah that is
basically the completed meal and this is
insanely filling and it just tastes so
so so good so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this little recipe so there is
everything and I've never done this in a
cookie but you're before I don't think
that I'm going to do it a little taste
test so basically my favorite wedding is
it's really up to you but I like to eat
all the filling and then I eat the shell
last you can also break off the shell
because it's nice and crispy and then
you can like dip it in the fillings kind
of like nachos so I'm just going to take
some guacamole okay I'm going to put it
down because all the ways in there drop
it so I broke a little bit of the shell
off I'm just got a bit of everything
here it is so good and it tastes really
fresh as well because there's a lot of
texture like the cranky onion and like
the juicy tomatoes and avocado the beans
and then the crispy like Tortelli shell
it's just so good honestly
so good by the way I only just started
liking olives like me and Hamish went to
an Italian restaurant and we got like
this entree it came with all these
olives and I ate it and I was like this
isn't so bad
nicely like a year ago I hate it all
this fell like spit out onto a napkin
kind of material then now they're toast
oh good I'm gonna go enjoy this now let
me know if there's anything else you
want to see on this channel on my blog
channel cannot subscribe to this channel
yet please subscribe because I'm going
to attempt to upload some more like
cooking videos and etc stuff you know
just random things I hope you guys have
the best day thumbs up if you enjoyed
this and I'll talk to you soon I I just
smile and I had like food all up in my
tooth
