hey guys it's the 16th today and today
we're flying up to Oakland until Friday
so this is probably going to be another
combined vlog but you Lord know that by
the time you're watching this yesterday
I didn't vlog not too much of an excuse
I was just not feeling very happy you
know some days when you just wake up and
you feel kind of doubt and you just cut
a you know how to I was just like the
had a good sleep and now I feel a lot
better i think i was just really tired
so I didn't really do much yesterday all
I did was in it like most of the day and
then just chilled watch TV so let's get
up to date on this baby it is the 16th
stress so here we go never done 14 0
here ty cool yeah okay we've got an hour
left I've never actually used this I do
own it but I've never given a Dakar and
I really should and then 16 I'll spit my
nail come on okay aunt a high beam a
really tiny little high beam the sensual
a stages though because you need be
Leonie hey guys so I haven't wanted in a
few days and so if you will know it was
because i went up to Auckland and I lift
my camera on the couch I mean we're up
there for like three or four days so
that's why he said in flocks it felt
really really sick and today I feel
really really sick too so I think I'm
gonna go the doctor finally I've been
sick for so long and now it's just like
all of my chest and I can't breathe
properly so Haymitch made me breakfast
how good does this look YUM we've got a
lot of mail guys we've chosen some of
that letter
so just stopped at the petrol station
we're going to go to the doctor first
and then I think we might hit into town
and just finish off all of the Christmas
shopping just check we've got everything
sorted it's sunday it is really not that
much happening here skiing picture off
man I just like I don't even feel that
sick like I don't have headache because
I don't have a sore throat or anything
or kind of just because I've been like
coughing really bad but it's like all my
chest like it's just like crap here and
it's just like really paying for when I
can't breathe properly and I like the
pain basically like get some medication
so that tomorrow can film because we've
got a film tomorrow and if they can't
talk properly it's going to be annoying
and what also is annoying I one screen
got smashed and we don't know how we
lift our car at home and we got back
from Auckland and it was smashed that's
quite a big smash to like it's like
longer be my hand I just don't know how
that happened it's really weird is
definitely smash from the outside so now
we've got to get that fixed as well just
all these stupid little things that
you're going to do and it's like
Christmas time and it's just like
exhausting so just went to the doctor
and look through the window and there's
like a million people there and it said
one and a half hours away and I was just
like no I cannot deal with that right
now so we're going to go do some stuff
in town then come back later and
hopefully by then there'll be a few less
people hopefully there won't be more
people by then but mostly an area has
like a really long time to wait usually
when I go in there it's like half an
hour to an hour we're going to go look
at animates to see if there's something
we can buy the dogs for Christmas so we
got them some grooming supplies because
they run out of shampoo yester oh my
gosh they ran out of supplies yesterday
so we got them some shampoos I'm leaving
conditioner it's in like I wipes because
there's gets like sore eyes and like
teary eyes and then we also got a couple
toys because how much can't help himself
he got them a mountain jus toy
and what I stood we did just a few more
treats that run out of and I was just
talking because I saw some rabbits in
there and I like really really really
cute and I was like oh yeah i used to
have rivets and had two rabbits and they
had like a hot job be asleep and i
remember when i was little i would like
go to feed them and my cat he would just
like hop in the rabbit cage with them
and i was like oh my God he's gonna like
to take my rumors but he would just sit
there and between both of them and just
eat their food like eat their rabbit
pellets so it was like a rabbit can't
rabbit and it was really strange but it
was really cute now we're at the car
wash place we're gonna get a car wash
because I car is filthy so yeah we're
looking at headphones at the moment this
is so awkward this is like the most work
the thing to do we're thinking about
getting most ones at the moment or beats
by dre but these ones are a little bit
better because they're more comfortable
Amos can't hear what I'm saying I can
yeah damn it you just say just like I'm
here and play song I talk to you any
white northern play what's it
on the way yeah Nina no I want to talk
to you about you being able to hear me
oh yes fine from here you can't even
smell what I can see your lips moving
you're ugly come on you're a cliff wait
how much your i clear you smell mm-hmm
what's the song called see it funnier
cuz we'll listen to it on the other one
so you might so I just got out of the
doctor and he said one of these days
like it could be a variety of hundreds
of thesis every like connect I'll go I'm
looking figure and diagnose myself yeah
because I'm because of how I've been
traveling around a plane so much last
few months is it would be something to
do with air conditioning and all that
which is exactly what I thought anyway
since that's obvious and so I just got
some antibiotics as a cough medicine so
hopefully I feel better quickly here
again so it'll take like a week till
evita hmm we went unfinished off all our
Christmas shopping and all of that got
ourselves some headphones because I've
been meaning to buy some headphones for
like the past year keeping it off so
bought myself some for Christmas um and
yeah now we're hitting home that's
pretty much it
so i just finished wrapping million in
20 presents carnage wishes plant what's
this game called a mesh sound shapes
sound shapes apparently it's really hard
and irritating while the challenge modes
inner so this is ridiculous briefs have
ridiculous ridiculous me oh don't touch
anything read oh it's a lovely ear you
have Shannon
