everyone so today is Thursday and I'm
just relaxing at the moment I just came
in from me to my head on my roots
because they were like really really bad
Oh link where i get my hair done down
below if you're interested i love them
so much here's actually like getting so
well like i cannot focus at all but you
get the idea I've got a bank appointment
in about an hour so at the moment I'm
just finishing off a video and I'm going
to eat some lunch and stuff yeah let's
see what's in here today so I think work
to a living what is it ii-if get out
there is benetton yeah I just got sent
all of these candles from alumina this
candle company and oh my gosh they smell
so good i'm gonna do a post for them
because the packaging is like so
adorable there's money here and like a
mason jar this little box sit here look
at the cute candle packaging and then
this little milk bottle wine oh my gosh
this is my favorite it smells like lemon
pie or something it's lemon peel engine
just entered this packaging like how
cute is this this is going to like live
in my room it is like the cutest thing
ever this one here smells like if you
like that kind of scent of unisex
perfume it kind of reminds me of that
really really good and then what's this
one this one is driftwood it smells
actually really sweet and good but not
like to me that smells very natural but
sweet I'm not sure what synthesis but
again it's quite a nice natural sweet
kind of flavor look how freaking cute
that packaging is oh my gosh if you guys
don't know what to get like your mom or
someone for Christmas I think this is
like the perfect gift don't you reckon
like they just so cute luminous soy
candles do-don't means it i'll link them
down below if you want I got sent a
couple of these new two-faced soulmates
powders from two phase and they're
looking quite cool that look how pretty
it is such nice color got some new
Sony's from pagan Marie as well
I can see your Christmas socks on nice
socks a mish way for me hello anyone
there I'm finding some recipes at the
moment so those supermarket to buy
groceries I thought I might try out some
new stuff
vision if you were around in person I
just got my stuff in your check out
fellow on track
hey what's that
is he doing crazy sorry
we just got some mail it see what's
inside look I say Christmas present oh I
love it when companies do this oh it's
nice to know that you're actually
appreciated so many companies just want
to like use and abuse you that's so
lovely let's see what's in here dude
it's like a juicy couture beach towel
now I'm going to be the swag girl at the
pool I think it's time to clean this all
right big job hey guys so that's the end
of today I have finished cleaning the
room but I've run out of coat hangers so
I need to go through my clothes and like
clear out some stuff hope you guys had a
really good day and i'll talk to you
tomorrow I
