hey guys so today I have just been
filming still sick my nose is probably
like rubbed off I did a first impression
my foundation eyeshadow and mascara
today lots of different brands but you
guys will find out more when I upload
them Oh what o'clock in the afternoon
I'm so I wanted to show you this really
really funny comment that's always on my
Facebook page I get a lot of creeps if
you don't follow me on Facebook you're
totally missing out and I'm just getting
their really really annoying a really
gross
I literally block probably 20 or 30 a
day this guy nice pics you look like
Victoria's Secret models you should try
to take selfies with your arms up and
showing smooth shaved underarm of yours
what so yeah um I don't really know what
to do today it's Friday I feel like me
and Hema should be doing something
really exciting tonight but we're not
really so I don't know I just feel so
blah my video goes up in an hour so I
better check that that's relief done
this is my video that's going up today I
did a collaboration with chapstick which
is so cool it's actually like big brain
to be involved with so I did how to
create perfect red lips
and using chapstick to kind of hydrate
your lips I was sponsored by chapstick
for this so I thought that was a cool
idea
so I based it around how to get like
perfect red lips and show you how to
apply your lipstick real well and how to
make it last all day and then how to
moisturize your lips and exfoliate your
lips and everything so hopefully it goes
down well I already know that people are
gonna hate because every time I do a
sponsored video people just
automatically think I'm lying about
stuff you know get frustrating but as I
have said a million times you guys
honestly I get hundreds of emails every
single day and so many people want to
sponsor me crap and it's just too much
if I do a sponsorship it's with a
company I love to work with the company
I like it's worth products I obviously
like using if I like okay let's pretend
I hate this foundation and then all the
sudden Bobby Brown's like hey we want to
see you this foundation to like do a
sponsored video on and we'll pay you
like five hundred thousand and twenty
five million dollars no like I get to
pay that much I wish if I hate the
product I wouldn't do it and like so
many people just don't believe me and
fair enough I mean there's so many
youtubers out there that just do
responsive videos ruin it for everyone
else and do sponsorships on stupid stuff
like audiobooks and apps and stuff I
mean I wouldn't say no to doing a
sponsored at post if I actually used it
but I get contacted like every day for
like the hunt and all of these like
fitness apps and stuff and I don't even
use it why would I get sponsored for
like doing you know what I mean
plus if I start doing sponsored videos
for stuff that isn't good then people
wouldn't trust me and my entire channel
and job revolves around trust it's I'm
never gonna live with that being said
though before you buy anything that I
recommend whether it's sponsored or not
do your research every single magnet
product out there hair care product
whatever it is is going to react
different of different people because we
all have different preferences and we'll
have different skin types and skin tones
and everything so no matter what you're
looking at buying with I recommend it
with a anyone else recommends it make
sure you do your research there's been
stuff that other youtubers have
absolutely loved and I've bought it and
I've hated it it's just down to personal
preference such a touchy subject and
it's really I know it sucks at the end
of the day if I get sent a product I
like it and a company wants to work with
me on that product it's like why would I
say no if I really like it and I think
you guys will like it then I'm going to
talk about it
but trust me there is not every video
some people think every single video
I've - sponsored no I just like to talk
about things I do like I don't really
talk about stuff I don't like the secret
outfit of the day I'm wearing a onesie a
mobile home and then a crop top up top
because I was filming gonna look normal
you know cuz I was wearing my Wednesday
this morning it's got fake tan all over
it crap makers feeling like crappy airs
because I ran out of my conditioner so I
might go over to my hairdresser and get
some more because my hair's dry so funny
like this is to their armpit guy it
responds the armpit guy sometimes put a
picture up of mr. bean is all let's put
a pickup at this kid like oh I love you
guys so much this dog is so cute why are
you just so cute why why Louis how is
the summer can you see how correct the
weather is out there
this is just so dull and that's kind of
blond camera but I promise it's not such
crap with it usually it's like real hot
this time of year but my flip flops on
they were hopeful a lily it's so cold
hey this is where I get my hair done
heroes on the Grove it's in Kelvin Grove
but it's now called magic happens here
in beauty I think and I just picked up
some of my favorite hair care this is my
gold Welker sook this is like the
treatment like conditioner basically and
then this is where I leave in my hair
it's called the rich keratin care fluid
and I use the shampoo as well but I've
already got there and I've got a spray
as well that I use but these were the
two I ran out of so I thought I'd better
get some my hair honestly feels like
 without it it's like the best I
love it so much
let's see what's in our advent calendar
today where's number five or cute
seriously though can we like make these
a little bit bigger look how good one
cute it is you smiling you smiling for
the camera to what I'm replying to
comments at the moment everyone's being
so nice I love reading my comments like
at two o'clock because everyone's always
really nice people have been requesting
this kind of video for so long so it was
the perfect opportunity year birdie read
lips so I just finished editing this
chichi extravaganza palette tutorial so
that's exporting I think while I wait I
might start cleaning up some of my junk
that's everywhere I got this really cool
like it's like another Ishika I think
it's like the same one cubed and they
gave me some good fetchers did not show
you that and they gave me some of the
balm Burt's Bees the hair mask what else
this brand here have any of you guys
tried it it's called envy I guess and
then just like lipsticks and eyeshadows
and bronzes
and some rockin oil so carousel kismet
it and then all of this rosehip organic
skin care stuff so yeah
Thank You beauty bless sirs are we going
for a walk are we going
she killed come on get one are you
reading and get the boy come on happened
pair girls
so now we are getting to take the dogs
for a walk where's the pack we go to
what I call but our pack on a holiday or
not it's cool it's like next to the
river right on track and we go to the
sea trance which is new theater
and it's just like a really good area to
take the dogs because they can run
around all the grass and go into the
river they like but they feeding the
reference stuff so taking the dogs now
just something to do and then I don't
know what we're going to do tonight
yay walking time hi let's get on you can
get does this go oh there's a hole so we
just got home and we go command for
dinner and where she waits for the house
after we took the dog for a walk
we've got a little bit planet here I
just got this giant suitcase from
Maybelline which has like heaps their
new release stuff this all comes out in
January next year
well I'm so shaky and then a bunch of
nail polishes over the seams and some
like face powders it's actually a good
suit caster - christmas tree is going
you know it's playing a little bit
planet-x I got a really bad headache
hmm I just took some painkillers and I
don't know what we're doing now maybe a
will game later once made it goes away
but who knows what's up yeah well they
don't want to see my face - OH
oh let's try to do that thing besides us
music oh sorry look this is the kind of
 I have to put up with an arrow all
of Shannon stuff Nana that's mine show
them around no show them around
show them sneak peek know it show them
the whole room no show them the whole
room I just haven't had time to clean
and how long like ages how long's ages
as a guesstimate a while how long's
Dornan months well you could go use it
we've even looked at this house for you
right here feels like it's been years
put up yesterday's vlog and this is the
randomly selected thumbnail not great
