everyone so it is currently I think it's
the third of December think and I was
gonna do vlogmas see me I was gonna do
vlogmas but I don't know if you can tell
my voice I felt kind of sick we got that
from stereo so I kinda thirst and we're
traveling home until like five o'clock
at night and oh my gosh man has just
both got a bit ill like got colds from
all the aircon in the plane and in the
hotels and everything like that so just
me feeling like absolute crap hints they
look at my fish right now like I am
aware that I looked like a but right now
my hair is greasy and I've got my makeup
on and I broke out and it's just not fun
time that I really wanted to do some
funny miss moves like really really
badly because I'm logged into ages like
oh my gosh my main channel just takes up
so much my time that I kind of put this
chair my back on my back burner
on the back burner which I know is
really really bad and I'm really sorry
but it is what it is and I'm trying my
best so I thought I'd do a little bit
more if it just now especially since
it's so much Christmas I've got so much
fun stuff to vlog I just want to show
you how cute my little busses not my
burden my favorite better he got a
haircut today didn't you your dad took
you in to get a haircut look how
handsome you are you handsome yeah I
know you were yeah that's you
he's so cute he's just chilling out
eating a bit of a ear at the moment so
is this back hey Lily yeah look at his
legs
you were so good I'm not sure still I
promise whoa easy easy there he is he's
got his little hair cat he's all ha rude
he's all shaven which is nice for him
cuz he is really really hot this time of
year obviously it's like summer pretty
much well the way there hasn't been that
good but it's summer so he gets real hot
so he likes being quite short don't
ignore me
hamish did a vlog but I don't know if
he's uploading it because he didn't
really like it very much so that's fine
but I opened my day one and it was just
paper clips like what did the hick paper
clips cool
I don't know how paper clips I like
beauty it says here advent calendar 24
surprise beauty treasures paper clips
are not a beauty Trisha I thank you very
much look at this mess by the way I'm
just beginning so much mail so let's
open data here is please be makeup
please be make up crap I ripped it it's
a lip gloss oh it's quite cute it's in
the shade Allister I posted Allister
this first you come here like I will
stir the guys name anyway day three was
day three here it is oh my god I'm
really bad at this flash some lash let
you do this to me
and it's a mini they're real mascara
whoo okay days when three were a bit
bitter quite cute minis they used to be
really good to like keeping my car I
have like a little makeup bag in the car
that I just keep Basics in because you
know sometimes Hamish is driving and
I'll just send the best I just hate
enter my makeup because I'm too lazy to
do it while I'm at home you know how it
is it's dealing just music stuff with
Aman bad yeah real fun you make your mix
a new action spot making your music
fancy I am too fancy for me I don't know
if we showed you but we put up heaps and
heaps of like photos now house so we've
got likes and moved me and Hamish I put
in patient Hamish the selfie because I
like this picture of him and we've got
Willy on the very first day we this is
the first day we lived in our house so
it's all like empty but I love this
picture of him his pajamas it is so
small and picture me and Hamish and my
favorite picture of Zeus he's so
freaking clue they have it really fluffy
and then this is a Zeus one is him in
the car his home as a baby with a
flip-flop and
by the way I have size demon feet he's
like the same size as my flip-flop
pretty small and hem you Ani
and then there's Hamish lui chillin on
the beard and little baby chubby Lily
him me and Lily and then here's some of
Hamish and me and friends I love buds
and then Harris sirs he's a little baby
so cute that was right after he survived
parvo you can tell because he's got the
little show spot on his arm where they
put the drip in and then there's my two
babies and there's my little baby lawyer
on the day we got him and then here we
have some pictures of me and Hamish and
over here is some more pictures of me
and Hamish and there's one of deserves
and I love that selfie too and then
here's the day we got Lily as well
introducing him to Zeus and then there's
me on my 21st with my friend Sam and
then here's Ellie and me and Hamish at
the casino one night and here's me and
my Nana and my cousin we want a roller
coasters my Nana's first ever roller
coaster can you see the terror on her
face it's hilarious you can tell those
two are related
I'm at the bank pissing my pants and
then this was on my 25th as well Kelly
in myth and biven and then here's me and
Hamish by the way this is not enough to
see it selfie if you think it's such a
good thing today just telling the truth
and us again we've got so many this is
probably really boring but y'all I don't
know what else to vlog about right now
there's all of us up here in there
here's my million subscribe to you like
my songs swag here's my movies
subscriber plot I want to put it up here
but it's too heavy to hang on the wall
so it's just kind of sitting on the
floor and then that's my toilet and then
there's man Louie again me and my friend
Sally ciao and then there's me and soos
yeah this is what I'm doing today / I'm
actually editing at the moment but I
just wanted to take a break I can barely
breathe my nose is sort of freaking
runny
I also have a bunch of footage from the
VMAs when me and Hamish went to the VMAs
and I like got my hair and makeup done
and just like heaps of fun stuff I'm
gonna insert that now I don't know if
I'm gonna come back later and vlog we've
got to like put up a Christmas tree and
go like Christmas decoration shopping
and all that kind of thing but I might
just include that in tomorrow's vlog
just in case they don't do too much I'm
gonna try and upload it's not every day
today's up til Christmas we are going
away for a few days so I'm not sure if
we'll have like internet during those
few days but if we do I'll try to upload
but I'm just gonna do the best I can I'm
not promising you guys anything just
because I don't want to let anyone down
and like you know I upload three times a
week all my other channels so I just get
quite busy trying to film and hear this
and you know have a little bit of free
time as well and especially because I'm
sick I just feel like crap I'm hoping I
get better real soon so we'll see what
happens but yeah I'm gonna insert the
footage from at the VMAs now smashbox
invited me along with them and was heaps
of fun if you don't know what VMA is
it's the Vodafone Music Awards not like
the flash American VMAs it's like the
New Zealand version it was so much fun
and yeah I hope you guys enjoy the
footage by the way it also ends
awkwardly because my son car broke yo I
felt like vlogging it is Monday
afternoon / night and I'm just bored
to be honest what am i favorite kinds of
videos to do is just like follow me
vlogs and vlogging and random chatting I
feel like I'm like am i zoomed in way
don't know okay I look really terrible
this is awkward okay so I've hid my
makeup on surgery early this morning and
it was just a very low cover so it's
kind of like patched off and then I just
put on some lipstick and it looks really
intense in the camera okay I'll tell you
what it is it is called tipsy by pop
white colour-pop cosmetics oh my gosh er
I'm not onto it today I got this mess of
order let me show you some of the stuff
I bought this myself by the way this
wasn't yeah same for me for free damn so
pretty oh my gosh they're the best
quality you know if you follow me on
snapchat
I like swatch some on my league I've
wiped them off now though but yeah they
are amazing anyway it's nice legit
hamish uploaded a vlog of him trying to
find some what if his chocolate milk him
any of you guys tried it I really really
want her so I like tweeted what it is
hey Misha spirelli I was like I really
need to try this move what's up what's
up homie sweat Shh dog abuse Shh give me
kiss
oh I see how it is see I'm bored I've
just been doing my emails
Edgar lots and lots and lots of meetings
today huh some not so fun ones doctor
trips you know how it is smear let's
hope there's no guys watching today make
sure you guys do it I know it's like one
of the most awful things in the world to
do but it could save your life
okay so if you're drew for one stop take
it off go do it
I've locked you in my room so you have
to spend time with me and you have to
love me can I please have a cuddle
please oh thank you yeah that's my ear
yeah say hello to the camera I can't
breathe tastes yummy mmm that is your
aunt Oh what are you doing sometimes he
does list I don't know why what up homie
that is my foot I cleaned out my room a
little bit
look it's mean Sally it's not gonna
focus yes it is just did a little bit of
organization this is like a huge mess
again because I've just been getting
seen stuff and you know how it is
there's me and Kelly usually that's nice
and organized in that corner and I
reorganize these shelves which is
rubbish everywhere
my lord Juicy Couture perfume collection
I love the bottles I pretty much just
love them for decoration oh my gosh this
is so annoying
it's just so what these two out
a her a little Slough now I'm just
watching some MTV Ed Sheeran and I'm
editing this video which is a first
impressions on this illamasqua
foundation where is it yeah that one
there yo today we're going it to the
VMAs in Auckland I haven't done my
figure as you can see but I love the
blog because I'm getting my hair done
and getting my makeup done and I'm
getting stuff done came she's coming to
her but I'm not sitting with him at the
VMAs he's gonna go sit with Mossad and
I'm sitting at the Smashbox tables so
yeah hopefully we found I've never been
before here's what I'm wearing for the
day just to secure I can't worry about
this it'll be on my Instagram somewhere
a singer and then this kimono thing is
from the iconic and since I'm getting my
makeup done this afternoon I just
thought I do really like makeup for the
day because I've got like luggage and
stuff like that so yeah where are we
going to Auckland today so we're just
going to the airport Shannon's got a
pimped out she's gods the VMAs tonight
and then tomorrow you've got your photo
shoot
but you're gonna float that or think
I'll really block then we'll be
yeah exactly it's a photo shoot tomorrow
and also tonight we've got the VMAs
sweet girl out magazines ready so we
talk behind spy lots of trashy celebrity
magazines and read them they're really
funny but the stuff they write I'm just
like how would they even know this like
you can tell it's all made up this is
our plane it's gonna crash into the
building
do you want to go fish or dying we just
arrived in Auckland and our heating to
my hotel was about to vlog and Hamish
took over no you go so we just arrived
I'm gonna stand over here cuz the
Lighting's better this is our room we're
in the Pullman and I came in and look
hey miss Daniel look so nice and we've
got a whole bunch of goodies in here so
I look through here later looks like
we've got a best Smashbox makeup and
brush tip some hair tools that's so cool
Thank You Smashbox got my water I just
found my favourite food place on Queen
Street well it's not actually quite sure
it's like hot street anyway yes don't
burry is like my favorite food in the
world I could eat this every single day
runny egg I know I'm about to get my
hair done
this is the poncy me one I think
wherever it is oh it's over there hey
miss just got out of the tasting shut
the door properly drove oh this is so
gross look for my extinctions
he's a Bellamy just like a big stack of
extinctions the chance getting your hair
done at the moment
looking super chin and tears all done do
your hair flat around here nice so they
get a brush that just so shins trust in
you desire makeup pressures on
Malorie
I'm sure you do a good job
Dannan you're looking so beautiful
already and it's funny I've said on it's
all or think old I thought all that
room Crusaders I thought I was so we
just got really and now we are sitting
out
what you can like really really really
noisy
my makeup my special my hair done it's
when you got
details down below
usually blow game you like pop up here
we are showing straight these nice good
all right so apparently we're going on
the red carpet now I don't know have a
blog this is very close-up you're eating
what am i reading very carpet this world
right there
now
yeah that was it
