everyone so today I would finish and
we're in the car Senate like because
we're taking the doggies for a walk
are we they come way they love going for
walks we like to go where do we go
what's a car
road trip the bridal track by the river
we take them over there and they like
they like to go and put their feet in
the river and we ever run around on the
grass and everything so we're just
little we do that quickly and in the car
I just loved her like a question I
answer because I don't any Christian
answer for a while so I'm gonna do one
over the cup yeah the very first
question is what's the most romantic
thing Hamish is given time for you what
are these questions for me I know
they're not for you it's just the very
first question what are the most
romantic thing well the most romantic
thing recently was was when I was having
a couple bad days couple weeks ago and
Hamish Randall informing room some
chocolate and some flowers and it was
really sweet do you fold or crumple your
toilet paper and are either or
the next one is when are you getting
married well considering I'm not engaged
no time soon I don't know we're not in a
rush
have you ever thought about moving to LA
for bigger YouTube opportunities no I
loved LA but it's not my kind of cup of
tea for me personally I I don't know
like I always thought I would miss
Australia but now I don't even know if I
do that I just love New Zealand in
Auckland hello hi I just had to go get a
registration because we've been Ben and
driving around without a Ridge over the
last few days we're legal now all right
let's continue to you and Hamish plan to
get married and have children
joking this is our most frequently asked
question your friend always asked there
I'm sure we've answered it we have here
anywhere one color of planning for the
rest of your life what color would it be
white black would be closely followed
but probably won't write the petrol
station now so now everyone's go look at
me all funny would you like to answer a
question what's that what age did I
start dating my first boyfriend I got
when I was about 14 and we actually
ended up being together for five years
there was like a quarter of my life that
was a long time he was very amused what
was your most embarrassing moment ever
one time when I was like third form
which is my first year of high school I
think it's freshman in America I don't
know if it's the same age or what but I
was walking around where all of the like
older kids set so like all of the 18
year olds and stuff me and my friend we
go to the cafeteria and they stall so in
front of the cafeteria and I was walking
along with my little canvas bag from
soup ray and it's black and all of my
stuff rolled everywhere and I'm talking
like all of my pins all of my pencils
all of my books everything just like
went and like rolled for miles it was so
embarrassing and they all laughed at me
because they're all dicks they were just
like pointing at me and laughing so I
mean you know when you had something so
embarrassing that happens to you every
time you think about that moment and
your mind you get embarrassed all over
again like this me was your most
embarrassing
ever my most embarrassing moment ever
yeah was when we're at school and we
covered up that hole Oh buddy oh man
this and there was that teacher that
fell through the hole wasn't it like
it's so each fault yeah this is such
 all I feel like we like put sticks
and was on what actually may there was a
massive group of people and we're all
watching the hole Oh someone else put
sticks down across the hole and then put
grass over top and the grass had just me
mother when it happened we didn't expect
the teacher to go down the hole
did you speak like a kid too I'm I don't
know yeah really embarrassing for you
though that's just like watch the video
to find out named my rabbit he's a boy
oh my gosh look at cute it is what would
you call him hold on
I'll show you guys does look like a dog
time to do something he does look like a
Toby he's a Toby come on Toby no you
don't have to do I reckon Toby suits
some by Russell forever Russell Russell
ribbit do you know how to parallel park
oh I used to be so good at parallel
parking when I was learning how to drive
and then of course like after I passed
my driving test never parallel hockey
game because I was too scared to just in
case it was like a fluke but I was
learning and I haven't like parallel
paths ends they're probably terrible I
mean mmm
feel good yeah I'm real good at parallel
parking so the favorite TV show
character at the moment Hannibal
Hannibal Lecter of Hannibal the TV
series is so bad I say is actually
likely badass
he's really good yeah and he's like real
smooth and like
I don't hate school I like them even
though he kills people in a slim move
fewer invisible what would be the first
thing you would dare talk to people like
all of those people that made fun of me
at high school you better watch out no
I'm just kidding I don't know I I don't
think I would want to be invisible
because I feel like you'd find out way
too many things that you're better off
knowing not knowing you know have
sometimes like it's just bitter if you
don't know things do you like to read
books
I love reading oh when I went to LA and
Europe and everything on those Teresa
trip going on I read so many books while
I was traveling it was the biggest but I
don't read very often because once I
start reading I can't stop and then you
guys would never see any videos from me
or never hear from me because I would
just always be reading could you rather
wear no shoes or no undies for a week
yeah no underwear I mean you can go
around with no underwear in public but I
mean you're going to look a bit funny if
you don't wear shoes how do you and how
much have a great point do you how do
you not get pissed off it things he does
do you ever just need to walk away from
him sometimes I don't feel like I need
to walk away from him sometimes but I do
get pissed off at stuff he does just
like he gets pissed off and stuff I do
but you just get over it move on and we
have lots of fun together I do lots of
fun things
how old are you I am 22 you can have a
superpower what would it be to teleport
I would love to be able to teleport okay
so here do you play a sport when you're
younger I used to play netball would you
rather oh this is a really hard one
would you rather not brush your teeth
for a week or not shower for a week
without using any men's dry shampoo
deodorant or gum
maybe not brush my teeth and then just
not talk to anyone although that feeling
is nasty
but I don't think I could go without
having a shower every day what about you
me yeah no brushing teeth with no shower
for a week no brushing my teeth for a
week Hey serious yes so Jonah go for a
walk he does this when we get here cuz
he knows where he is he's like hurry up
let's go
absolutely let me Lily so why does no
one care it goes
you're in straight posture they're
playing you don't need to back the vocal
papa yeah he's won this is I'm not that
fast
yeah he's an Italian Greyhound so
miniature yeah look that's like the
first time he's actually properly played
with another dog or the big dog here's
the roba brave they may be used to on
the water at all they hated it and now
like a couple more questions from the
drive home now and then Oh in the video
that was a good walk it's so windy
though I like like really really good
anyway would you rather eat a whole
strip of blue tack or moisturize your
body with shampoo
moisturize my body with shampoo fistula
a the type of girl that can't go out the
door without makeup I go to a lot of
places without makeup on but putting on
makeup is more fun and it makes me feel
good so if I actually feel like putting
in the effort I will but yeah that's the
time I just don't wear makeup like I
only usually wear makeup if I film a
tutorial that day and then on weekends
like if we're doing something fun I
might put on makeup but you know if it's
just a weekday and I'm just editing or
doing something like that I just won't
yeah it's like this little mini vlog
including some dog footage having
amazing dental she said
