morning everyone so I'm once again sick
i film that last vlog a few weeks ago
what was that like three weeks ago maybe
a creepy anyways I'm sick again man
Hamish both caught a flu on Saturday
nights
now Wednesday so it's pretty much gone
my voice just sounds a little bit funny
today I am filming my shinik so pellet
launch video which hopefully will be by
the time you watch this vlog or else
it's coming like tomorrow or the next
day or something like that depending how
fast so I'm gonna film this morning I
need to do my hair which I'll probably
just like you brush it and put some dry
shampoo in it I'm gonna make myself at
some tea and yeah film and then I need
to edit today's video cause today's
Wednesday so when all the upload on
Wednesdays I don't have a video really
but I have stuff filmed so I need to
edit that as well so it's true videos
don't need to either and yeah that's the
plan for today pretty much I've got a
couple of bits of paperwork I need to
fill out fix Oh beauty products there's
new stuff coming I'm so excited yeah
other than that let's do this I look for
puffy right now I need to do another one
of those I'm putting away my makeup
videos because I got so much stuff in my
last unboxing if you saw that two-part
unboxing I did holy crabs isn't even
although there's just boxes down there
with my dress on it so hey Lily yes you
doing there
you like that rug don't you huh hey do
you think you are huh hey do you think
you are you being shy meaty meaty so
this portion of the vlog is sponsored by
as you guys know I love this brand
I love the tea I drink it myself
multiple times a week and also I just
wanted to show you guys so new and
beautiful oh my gosh I love it look at
matches oh my gosh I sound like really
congested
well it's look quickly we just said Maya
how beautiful these shoes are they from
white folks we take I have the nude as
well they're actually ridiculously comfy
and they're not that hard to walk and
even though they're quite high cuz like
you know they kind of had your feet so
it's
just like they're just so easy and
they're just so pretty I love them so
much I just had to show you so yeah my
folks petite guys get yourself a pair
before they sell out the nude ones are
like even better in my opinion
I bought the black as well because I
love the nude so much I think you guys
saw them make that calm plug they're so
cute
we have a very busy day head so I'm
going to have the t me focus today so
obviously it's kind of designed to help
increase your focus and your mental
clarity and everything hopefully enhance
my productivity there's some of the
ingredients peppermints one of my
favorite types of tea
it's got goji berries like heaps a
really good ingredients in plant-based
caffeine so it helps raise your energy
levels and all that good stuff but Chris
your metabolism and it's got all natural
ingredients as well so that's always a
plus I put a little bit of cold water in
interest I can drink it immediately
because I am raring to go and get
started with my filming so I'm just
going to drink this while I film cuz
I've talked about it before that these
cups also keep the liquid really really
hot like seriously unless you're up in
the top like this does not cool down
it's seriously legit not being a very
much breakfast lately need to sort out
this mop oh my gosh it's so nice I love
this one it tastes like peppermint tea
but a little bit different but it's not
like it's super bitter either because
they put ste beer in it so it's kind of
got like that a little bit of sweetness
which I don't usually have sweet tea
it's not like sweet sweet it's just not
as bitter as normally I guess it's
really really good if you like to you
like it alright I was MIDI to sing and
my mum's a mouth got hit so now we're
going to my mum's to rescue her mouth my
mom's really good with viruses and
things here and like halfway through oh
I wasn't covering the thing the
microphone like halfway through editing
up my launch video I don't even started
on today's video it's 1254 I need to a
tall
because I haven't in anything today yeah
getting kind of hungry I'm not sure at
the moment but I know so in the hangar
will come out which--it are we taking
Range Rover but can't lock itself
because somebody was trying to get into
it yeah in today or a locks that if you
get a password wrong why it's windy
trying to find beach houses but there's
absolutely nothing that one's nice that
is nice
yeah it's just three bedroom though it's
useless blogger back headed again
mine looks real gross now it is really
good if you ever go to Speights get the
roast Fiji salad it's all a joke
currently oh it's not a good schedule
currently editing and it's up and
eyeliner everything to break it up a
little bit I filmed this makeup tutorial
which looks terrible in this lighting I
filmed a fist impression Foundation
thing which I'm still filming the
sliding though hopped out mom we went
out for lunch I edited my first
impression full face video that just
went live got that up did all the
description boss that thumbnail i
interested half of my launch video and i
oh my gosh how did i only just notice
this happened and is it a little mini
skincare video thing like just like a
little mask try out video for my
instagram which is just exporting at the
moment I have a dog behind me no and I
peeled a Mandarin because I really am
craving citrus hmm so good pretty sure
we've got like an orange tree or a
mandarin tree but I've never grown a
fruit on it just kind of like sits there
that one right there I forgot to show
you guys my cherry blossom tree when I
was and all its glory don't mind uh
muddy windows it's been raining like
crazy as you can see them back yeah it's
just like this big mud slope it's like
flooded in everything and the mud is
just being like kicked up all over the
friggin house but anyways my cherry
blossom tree look just saw Percy like
last week and the wait before not
starting to die off the feet Joe a tree
is growing bigger and our lemon tree it
grew like forgetting it 10 that lemons
this year you guys I am growing up in
the world me and Hamish and Megan
burritos
/ more like just wipes really but we're
using the chicken free Chicopee made me
show you guys this for ages this is my
name Hamish his favorite food ever
tastes like chicken and chicken skin in
my opinion but it's completely
meat free it's completely made with plot
protein gluten free soy free big in this
one made and it's got no I'm sorry
anything I've ever understood
and it's got heaps and heaps of vitamins
and nutrients in it 39 in sync
only websites just something about like
it's got way more I'm and stuffing
chicken or something like that you have
to check the website but it's something
for it's so YUM
we're hitting it I just mixed the
seasoning I'm with a little bit of oil
that we're cooking it in and then kind
of like fried at your side of the
chicken with it and they you just cook
it and it kind of falls apart like that
that takes like three or four minutes
I'm not sponsored by them by the way but
I wouldn't mind if they if they want to
send us like a whole dollar boxes like I
wanted my just kidding it's a legit
look like I love it yeah that's the one
thing like because it's such a new brand
and because like heaps of New Zealanders
like hey thank beat yeah but hopefully
if more people trial I even if you ain't
meat you should try it because it's like
Hamish loves this innit it's like it's
way bit of fear good for the environment
$12 something but this how much three
meals list yeah yeah it's so delicious
you just have to try at least once then
hopefully if four more of you guys try
it and they'll actually like to stock it
at more supermarkets you know like they
need the demand I guess I'm sure you
could ask the staff and they'll help you
find it so literally that took maybe
like four minutes and then we chopped up
all famous chopped up all the veggies
and mash the avocado in about five
minutes
and dinner is really like how quick is
they're so good for lazy people like my
Hey
uumm thanks finished
so what's easy sirs hey I've got a
question
no I'm talking the dogs do want to go
for a walk do you want to go for a walk
Lilliana girl for a walk hey what do you
think what do you think took her for a
walk
hey would you leash would you come on
come on happy dogs we just took them for
an hour walk around the neighborhood and
they loved it this is a low-key grumpy
Zeus show me your legs look at those
legs
hey what you doing a gonna push the
selfie of this makeup look that I
uploaded before also make a channel
trailer bus has a million views so I
think I should do another one
woo so many training videos so to reply
ghost story Hamish see it because I love
statue go I need to play this by the way
Nintendo I mean yes this is you know
what's it called anything this was
switch these are the best there so they
like probably good this looks like an
indie game or is it like a big
you know vlogger yeah so you can go back
spun or top spun down there let's go
Club we try and get a hold on honor this
would tell me that you change your I
didn't learn how to change my clubs
oops up and down but you don't want to
hope with the word cuz of reflate so you
want to use the I am well it's just too
hot out for me okay I'll just have a oh
it's not good it's inside the surco that
all day I can't take it off my makeup
but I need to it's at that point with my
makeups been all day feels disgusting
and I feel like my skin's disgusting I
need to finish my updates for my first
impression why does my nose literally
witness lighting hopefully there's a
stripe on it did I wipe off my makeup
he's in my lair I just finished up my
video just watching my eyelash
and then while my face is still damp I'm
going to apply it my detox mask I've
been freaking loving this lately this is
mighty me as well I've actually used
this a lot especially over the last like
three weeks because my skin is just been
awful
so this one's like a detox mask so
matchy lemongrass in clay I'll just put
it on they'll talk about it you can see
how much I've used I like - I almost got
that inside my mouth
good one chin I like to put this on
while my skin's damp from washing it I
just wash my face with it cleanser it
smacks you all over my problem areas my
chin in my nose but I just put it
everywhere because it helps to kind of
exfoliate my skin as well get rid of any
dead skin cells and just any like okay
that's kind of a summary under the
surface like I said it kind of helps
with getting rid of any toxins out of
your skin - toxify sand gets rid of like
pimples and blackheads and stuff so I
get whose light gets down here and on my
nose like I get way well blackheads like
these days that I ever have I think it's
just my skin changing as I get older I'm
25 now and then the clay and the
lemongrass and this mask help to like
brighten your skin helps to exfoliate
brighten and justly get you a bit of a
perk up I'm gonna need a new one soon I
really want to try the scrub - I think
they see me the scrub I saw it on the
website when I was having a brows and I
don't know where I put mine so I need to
find Dix I really want to try it I love
face Webster so you use this between 15
minutes you can use it 1 to 4 times
weekly based applied at night time which
is a bit of doing today sometimes I use
in the morning though and I'm not
wearing makeup for the day if I just
need like an extra dig clean on my skin
like after the gym and stuff
I just noticed like before here my skin
will be quite congested and gunky like
when I rub my fingers over my blackhead
pruning areas and then afterwards when I
rinse it off it's so stuffed so that's
my personal experience with this if you
guys have tried actually let me know
your thoughts men the USA not tested on
animals and it's 75% organic so yeah
here's the ingredients if you want to
have a pause I really really like this
stuff like I genuinely really really
like it I think it's super good
we'll be able to see as it dries just
goes kind of powdery so usually I just
kind of wait for it to dry all over and
then I'll just may size it off gently
and that just helps with the exfoliation
is what I'm gonna hear we are all done
so that's before I have moisturized as
well it's just my skin like rinsed and
you can see how Gloria is like the
results speak for themselves it just
feels so soft
yeah that's why I have been loving their
mouths Kylie recommend okay time to
moisturize hop in bed and we're gonna
watch Summit knit flea so we've
currently been watching what's it called
the fall just like a crime sure I really
like it I think we're almost at the end
there's like three or four thirds to go
so might watch some of that I use the
origins mega mushroom moisturizer today
I'm just gonna sit here like this all
day now all night he's died from his
walk you keep falling asleep
