everyone so I'm on a new camera today
this is a Sony I don't remember
cyber-shot something or other
I'll write it down below I don't know
but it's you so we'll see how it goes
it's like a flip up little man and I'll
think so
I like people hang up above here because
the screen pops up on top so I have to
try and not do that
a man Hamish done into the Sakura
festival what does it explain it's
really just an excuse it's like real
culture yeah it's like an Asian cultural
kind of festival so we're going to go to
that and then today later on we're going
to fly up to all clean quickly and it
goes to massage 21st and it will come
back home tomorrow so that'll be fun
I doubt the plane ride will be fun
tomorrow huh by the way all my lips is
the new Velveteen pile I'm crying I
can't remember the name at CSU type here
or something we're just going to the
story shop it's called a camera Julie
Julie what jewelry because since it's my
son's birthday it's his 21st we're
trying to find him something special so
hopefully something here appeals to us
and hopefully he likes it and if not
we're just gonna get him alcohol which
is really boring for a 21st guess but oh
ah now there's nothing in there at all
it's all girl stuff I like some stolen
boyfriend's club or something like that
they've got like a weight stolen
girlfriend club you know I mean I've got
like this necklace look like a guitar
pick on it and like it's really cool
when I thought he would like it but
I didn't order it online and now I don't
think we gotta go to find it but I cut
it down to about five it's kind of why
she would we could have quite a park we
had to park like 20 million hours away
ah there's so many people here it's like
actually packed like there are hundreds
and hundreds of cars which is pretty pop
crazy if we're like poppy blossom tree
they're pretty how are you feeling like
I want to drink an eight
how is it we got this role thing and
it's so good Vietnamese oh oh you're
talking yeah that's really good apart
from coriander so good so good this guy
before we're filming any jobs are either
cameras like these here the ones
Johnny Bravo okay all the cherry blossom
trees they look really pretty
there's a lot so we just finished at
eyepieces that was good I can see yeah
yeah I PC and now we're gonna go try and
find Masada president I'll keep you
updated and then gonna go chill out for
Becks it's still kind of early and then
go to the airport so we went to Trump's
and we got him for his stolen
girlfriend's Club necklace if I remember
I'll show you guys that later on when he
opens it up because it's all good friend
and we go to my car as well so yeah
we're all sorted now we're gonna hit
home and just relax for a bit until we
take our flight up to Auckland so now
we're on the way oh god someone really
really really slow just pulled out from
us so we're just on the way the airport
now and flying out to all claims oh I'm
so excited I love Auckland got massage
gift down here
and we're good I forgot my jacket you
don't need it no wedding Crowdrise
I'm like getting risky because there's
nobody outside I liked it out late
that'll be coming in lightning look who
it is
focus okay
so picked up girlfriend magazine this
one here and mr. Massad miss happy he is
in it and as I don't think this is
actually huh like a pizza wasn't he yes
I don't know whose body that is anyway
and he's putting a little picture of me
in there it says my pouch in is kind of
a big deal when it comes to makeup and
fashion cute
hey guys so it is now Sunday morning
excuse the camera if it's shaking I'd
like feel like crap right now that's
just what happens when you go to a 21st
I didn't vlog last night obviously we
just did in Stamford and this is our
room just a basic you know how it is but
yeah don't shake out Hamish this vlog
because well it's not gonna be up yet by
the time I get mine up but go subscribe
to his channel because he'll put up his
and then you can see what we did I'm out
of breath oh it's like a USB charger in
the wall that's pretty cool yeah it's a
member but yeah so go check out his
channel cuz he blogged a bit of what we
did last night
these windows are so douchey but there's
a sky tower just there if you've never
been to Auckland
yeah guys so I probably look weird I've
got all my makeup on apart from lipstick
and eyeliner and lashes anyways looks
really weird when you don't promise
carry yet but I just thought I would do
a little bit of vlogging whoa Lighting's
bed
yeah beginning a few patches lately they
just show out on the dining table I
thought I'd do a little bit vlogging
today even though I'm doing nothing I'm
just getting ready to film a haul video
come it's on my kid yeah oh my makeup
and it's now Thursday I think so yeah I
have logged in like four days but I just
thought I would vlog a whole lot of
random stuff and combine it into one
vlog for you guys for the weekend so
hopefully you guys enjoy this video
slash are enjoying it I mean it's
halfway through whatever currently I'm
watching Tonya Birds vlogs and I'm a
makeup
Klaus is obsessed with Tanya butter I
know most of you will be well I just
know I didn't I thought iPods it but I
doesn't he's just standing really still
yeah doing that doing my makeup these
are the new five piece suits from EXO
Beauty they've come out I'm going to be
using the middle ones today because they
aren't online yet they only come in the
five pack for now but they will be
single soon the middle ones there will
be called that the prima donna so the
top ones I think of the glamour Easter
the second one's the wanderlust prima
donna the glamour east and the soulmate
so those are the new five pieces I am
obsessed I just had to do some kind of
set for you guys because you save a bit
of money on them and it's just so
convenient and also I got a Advent
from benefit to giveaway so I'm gonna do
that on Instagram I reckon I've got one
for me and then one for you quickly show
you some stuff I ordered off pagan Marie
I ordered this the day before yesterday
in the afternoon and it came yesterday
morning whose shipping is so fast but I
just have to show you what I got because
I'm so obsessed she ended up sending me
these sunglasses as well because we're
friends so she just chucked this in for
free and this cute little hair bun thing
from it's your door wait is they just
pooping outside I don't know it's a door
lick secret or I don't know I got this
coral dress which I reckon I'm gonna do
an outfit of the day with and then I
also got this like romper which is so
cute it's also a really good quality
like it's nice thick material but it's
still not the kind of material where
you'd get really hot and then I got this
amazing neon romper look how cool that
is and it's lacy and just so bright like
it's not even coming up bright like on
camera it's so insane it's like a really
hot pink peach color like it's coming
out more orange on my camera but it's
definitely more pinkish peach so I'm
gonna put these on it and show you what
they look like
I'm gonna take a close-up for the
website as well I mean which pair of
your favorite I'm really interested to
know so I just did my mascara I haven't
got any falsies on but I just have to
show you like look heaven my eyes just
have gotten using revitalash religiously
again because I kind of like like I was
doing it like a couple times a week but
I think I needed to be doing it like
three or four times a week and when I
went away over it's like Europe and
everything I forgot to take it so I kind
of just died again but now my eyelashes
are like freaking amazing I don't know
if you can like really see but I'm
obsessed even my bottom lashes are like
really long sorry I'm like really up
close and personal right now and I'm
trying to choose what lipstick to wear
and I was thinking of wearing where is
it I think it's this one here
pistol' violet by white I want to show
you what it looks like
look at it how amazing is this color so
I might try it on we'll see how we go
it's kind of like a pink violet I really
like it but my weave over there I got a
new one because my other ones are like
20 inches or like 22 inches or something
like that
these ones are only 18 inches so they're
really good just for like daily wear
and I told them last night so so I'll
show you how they look on just when I do
my hair that's too much of my hair oh my
gosh I'm running so behind today because
I did heaps of stuff this morning like
cleaning and it is now a live in 48 I
need to get into my filming before the
Sun comes out because it comes out right
there and it's really really really
bright so I put on the lashes this is
such an awkward angle but I'm so
obsessed with these and very similar to
the gold digger except the thickness is
on the outer edges oh my gosh they're so
pretty
there's MERS filthy excuse me I'm just
so obsessed with theirs
this is very pretty got the lipstick on
what do you guys think I feel like I
applied it really badly today I don't
know
yeah that's my makeup today mm-hmm okay
now I need to sit out this camera and
get filming sliced noise art I should
probably do my head first right probably
yeah destroy my head
these are extensions that she look
really really really natural let me show
you they're a really good length for me
by the way if you're wondering about my
mic oh nice Sully got me this it's from
paid Alexander ye buddy that take em
ready place so it looks like so cute I'm
in love
Peck it is oh my gosh if you're
interested make sure you check it out
fast cuz she sells out pretty quickly
huh
what do you guys reckon looks so cute
and it's good too because even though
it's short it's shorts so you don't have
to worry about flashing anything and it
still covers enough booty although
honestly I've quite long legs like I'm
sure that I am all legs if you can see
my waist is so small so I just finished
filming a Miss Holly haul so I could
clothing mall this dress here is from
there on my lips at the moment I have a
brewery by Stella it's a lipstick
obvious
no I'm just kidding so now I'm gonna
quickly ate a whole lot of post my
Instagram
cuz I like to do it out foot post most
days like I'm just like cute dresses and
stuff like that so if you don't follow
me on Instagram and you want some summer
outfit inspiration make sure you follow
me also make sure you go check out my
main channel because I'm on Friday a
whole winter look good clothing a whole
as well and then this pretty well that I
just feel more probably be out for
another couple weeks cuz I wanna do some
Halloween stuff yay I'm so starving
shake
because I'm so dehydrated hungry I just
need to ate daily by dildo week
why are you doing huh he keeps burying
his bone in the clothing that I just
hold don't you so where is it is it in
here you so naughty
chill chill out that's her Lily are you
going for a walk you going for a walk
with this Caesar Jojo Lily you excited
hey it's going for walks he's so angry
right now are you having fun Willy are
you having so much fun so it is now
Friday morning and I woke out with this
so angry and it hurts so bad and I tried
to pop it and now it's even more oh it's
just a big nightmare I'm about to film a
Halloween tutorial can you feel it in
your film
take your guess pause the video write it
down below yes I'm on to my next
Halloween tutorial now I'm doing two
today and I kind of feel like I'm
covered in shaving cream I'm using this
stuff here which is really cool it's
called zombie skin and you can basically
just use it for any special effects
makeup that needs like latex it's really
really thick my ticks so you can create
really cool skin effects so the way
you're doing
why you sir stood why why are you so sad
do you want some cuddles huh
really I see your tail wagging you can't
be too sad
you're so funny love you hey nephew yeah
so I finished filming and obviously
planned it all off now if you want to
see the photos of what I've done so if I
check out my Instagram Facebook Twitter
oh my gosh I spent like an hour no it
wasn't a load it was like 10 minutes but
anyway it's been so long in the shower
like scrubbing it all off my face and my
face is so sore just slathered myself
and Rosa foil feels so good I think I
should go eat some lunch I'm like still
picking latex out of my baby is yeah I
think I should go get some lunch now
it's 1 o'clock I think I might spend the
risk that afternoon editing because I've
got so much to it and I'm really excited
to see what the footage came out he's
falling asleep with his mouth open in
front of the heater what are you doing
yeah are you biting your toy I see your
tail you home it's quite a cold day
today which is annoying it's spring and
it's been really hard for the last few
days but then today just started pissing
down with rain outside and it's freezing
isn't it so you're so cute why are you
so cute huh let me leave Milan I'll take
you to handle don't like names as
today's lunch stellar to end fish cakes
I am so hungry so bye
did you just get back from the groomer
Lily
huh did you get your nails done little
manicure hi hi so today me and Hamish
and my mum are gonna go EXO beauty
shopping because we've got more stuff on
board so we need another computer
because one computer is not panning out
with multiple people trying to do
different things so I would just do a
little bit of a photo mania while we do
that and then we're picking up Zeus
later from the groom I can't wait so he
looks like he always looks really really
funny when he gets like a haircut
cuz he just looks completely different
like a little shaved llama or something
oh I like my makeup today it's very
glamorous but still quite minimal like
there's not really much going on I like
it yep it's called enough for the plants
you can see that they're in the plants
that's like last night there was like a
massive storm and it was just like
raining and thundering and it was high
OH like it was full along like bad and
it's it off mum's car line because she
stayed last night for the bathroom
Oh wizard then what are we kidding we
free laptop before you eat so beating
mm-hmm just one will do I don't know I
don't know anything about any of this
what's the speaking at this one here
Toshiba looks like that but now we're
gonna go stalk another shop and see if
we can find something cheaper
we're gonna go get some lunch we're
gonna get some sushi and then I'm gonna
go look at it show you the high five for
though it's because we're getting a
cackling because we've passed down
Broadway live in Palmerston North you
know what happens when you pass away and
I think she told
Hamish got some seaweed salad and
chicken teriyaki and I got this one it's
like chicken teriyaki and mayonnaise
deliciousness I'm so excited
we love sushi because I like sushi is
one of those ways I could eat every
single day and I never get sick of it
it's a canine that so men slightly get
that but that doesn't do that all the
time
well yo I keep looking at throw bed so
we were gonna go get an iphone6 for
Shannon and Amy yeah apparently you have
to get them on plan all the time what
you like them up that's so you know
I'm not sorry that's where I'm
not gonna get an iPhone 6 efforts on
plan simple as that
yeah like in New Zealand they're only
out on plans at the moment it's like a
month or two you can buy them just
outright without getting a plan you
don't want to be locked into a contract
so Apple just lost out on two customers
but we're gonna ring up some places and
just check that those are the facts and
then otherwise I might just get them
online
yeah you can't get them online let's
turn to three weeks yeah at the end of
the day think like the guy in JB hi-fi I
reckon it was still gonna be a month
yeah they were gonna just sell them
sorry but it's kind of because you
get in your mind that you're gonna give
me my phone sir yeah we're all excited
they're become yeah do any of you guys
have them you should let us know what
you think of them but we're going to
pick up so snap a car to score cleaned
I'll show you how all right if I flip up
 I don't want to break it so this is
all it looks clean as well you can tell
outsides all plan
toss reborn for XO beauty yeah it was
the one I showed you sorry I showed them
at and wherever we went was it thanks
laughs yeah thanks man
yeah that guy was pretty good actually
he's trying to sell us other stuff I
always do cool
sometimes it gets so exhausting when I
go to buy something I just want to go in
I know what I want get it and get out
and I always try to like side check you
with other and then I feel weird
saying no no don't worry it's okay if I
wake for these there's way too many
friends he signs to not be when it comes
to cameras is that note I'm not looking
go see your brother yeah so we just got
home and the club arrived yeah I'm so
happy I'm gonna open it I'll show you
what I got
yeah we've got a double pack of all
nighter spray cuz I ran out of my all
matter and we got just pack it back some
lip glosses cuz you guys are any know
how much I love these so I just went for
the packet it's like a Christmas special
or something and one of the new stealer
pellets the advice I think this is the
third one I don't know this one and one
of the new next lip liners and then a
whole bunch of samples it looks like
another buxom lipstick because I love my
other one so I picked another shade the
Tory Burch washoe palette I think and
then another vicar illuminating powder
this is in the lightest shade I think
where is the shade name I can't find out
of here we go moonstone there's the
moonstone and then yeah these are the
medium sizes are quite thin fingers so
they're too big
hello hi I'm just gonna finish this vlog
and it isn't now so yeah guys liked it
and I'll talk to you guys releasing I
know I just said goodbye but look at
this little package you to cut waste
learn banks I was linking them down
below they're a facebook store they're a
company from New Zealand and they make
little custom what are they called
collars and leads and Zeus has got one
on I think this is the Kaleidoscope one
or something somewhere and then Louie's
got a little stripy one don't you yeah
and then the best part where lawyers
claimed it as you can see this is left
on the carpet but this huge bed oh my
gosh I just had to show you and flog I
took photos and put on Facebook but you
can't even tell how amazing and like
plushy and just fantastic quality this
is and this is like a really nice
material where you can tell you could
wipe it down really easily it's like
really durable fabric but then this is
really really soft like a fleece blanket
so Louie to say the least is stoked with
life and it's huge like they both fit in
there but Louie will take over
no doubt and then they also sent me some
little doggie treats and little leads as
well to go with the colors so thank you
so much
- where's Liam Binks such a nice
surprise to receive on a Saturday and
then these are the treats and they
gobbled one out I just gave them one in
half because they're quite big but um
yes they loved it and she smells really
good like it smells edible I won't eat
them oh and we're burning a colonial
candle in maple butterscotch it's
delicious and I'm gonna eat at this
video now I'll probably put it out today
say today it's four o'clock right now so
hopefully it doesn't take me too long to
eat it I say thank you for watching
thank you for watching this is thank you
thank you so much this is thank you bye
you're so cute
