everyone so today I am here with Hamish
or mush mush blogs we are doing a new
challenge I think I have created I
haven't seen anything like this before
we are going to call this the Kiwi food
challenge so we're gonna start with
Marmite first of all you have to do a
tablespoon of manwÃ« a big tablespoon of
alright next up you're gonna eat a piece
of fish from the fish and chip shop
classic Kiwi food it's not so big it
actually does it doesn't smell like a
very good piece of fish next up we have
mints and cheese pie and then to finish
off scaling a can of lmpd good luminous
stuff world-famous in New Zealand
oh and mustard sauce as well on the pie
mhm
got a hips tomato sauce a look like for
you guys who saw the last challenge we
do with Shannon beat me she's actually
gonna get physically destroyed in this
challenge I will link the last challenge
we did together down below we did howls
Pete was a challenge was a
challenge it was hard and I won so go
check it out you haven't seen it yet on
your marks get set
what yes I got oh oh oh how do you do
that's that's just like lining we go
I want to throw those assassin my goal
well fall down pretty good touch me this
mouse there's no good
she don't good nah man this one
Oh mints and cheese we're sort of a
deposit weird way
oh yeah doctor I just drank me look find
it to them you'll explain it to them see
my boy uncle Doug I told you I was gonna
destroy her my hands are slippery with
that they look so go you're so faster
dating so eating a part of the weird
ways where you like cut off the top of
the pie take the top off you put sauce
on it you're at the top then you put
sauce inside the actual pie just immense
Maxum man's hat and the bottom eat the
mints
this sounds exhausting and the input
source into the bottom and the base and
you need the base I beat you some of
youse have done their duty I'll shift
unless with Kelly not here yeah there's
a stripper but maxy lp3 whole thing I'm
going on my pen
Oh
mr. chief my saunas good a stogie shoes
damn it I didn't touch her bare I almost
finished my pipe I have tiny financial
suck I feel pretty good actually did I
was a little bit why when when you did
that man wait and I swallowed it
straight away I was like that was
bros yeah you should have showed it so
if you live in New Zealand and you have
the access to these foods that you
should definitely try this challenge out
grab a friend see if you need it the
fastest maybe you shouldn't do it your
boyfriend though because because I'd be
you you know you beat me on that last
one though which was here but I know I'm
so happy I finally won something so
thank you for watching
it's vs. birthday so I might give em a
bit of pie happy birthday services now -
yeah so that's pretty much it we hope
you guys like this cutting grease and um
that's another one for me I don't so
there's it everyone I hope you liked it
and if you do please give it a big
thumbs up helps us out so much make sure
you don't over Hamish this channel if
you haven't yet make sure you subscribe
because we do a lot of videos like this
on his channel slash will be doing a lot
more soon as well
and I also list a playlist down below
all of the challenges we've done
together in the past so if you can think
of any challenges we have it done yet
make sure you request them down below
because we can definitely do some more
very soon cool hope you guys have a good
day and we'll see you again soon
see ya
