Shh is this working I don't know what
techno how do I say the comments Shh to
list all available call me what I don't
know what's happening can you hear me
hey mesh is just finishing up the
gardens he'll be on soon what am i doing
I don't know it's happening can you guys
like chat on here so if you can't chain
here this is stupid I'm waiting to see
if anyone's tweeting me so if I'm doing
this wrong hey what have you got well
nothing this yes John it well someone
just tweeted me saying it's working can
you guys check me on here or not because
if you can't let's go to the somewhere
else because I want to chat with you and
read comments and stuff way other is it
on the actual like video or something I
don't know what I'm doing hey do you
like click on here is this what you do
quite know hey want a chance to win
twenty-thousand-dollar ed guys I don't
know what I'm doing I don't know what's
it name oh oh I can see them now ok ok
I've got a I found them ok I like on two
different screens right now but I'm
gonna do what we're gonna do ok here we
go yeah there's so many comments oh ok
hey Misha's just doing the ages of the
garden cuz our bones were getting pretty
tragic I'm gonna like keep looking at
myself like this so sorry cuz I don't I
too AM what do you live 140 p.m. 1140
p.m. they're dead ur dead ur dead ur
dead ok does makeup look when will it be
up I'm so sorry like your comments are
like going
um this makeup look maybe next week or
the week after I know next week I put a
makeup look coming I've got a favorites
video coming I don't know what I'm
uploading or friday yet can you talk
he's such an attention so you can look
at him hey don't eat it can you hear is
like poo poo this is scrolling too fast
man yeah there's a tutorial for this
coming my lipstick is bitsy by Steeler
they're like silver lipsticks it's so
good it's got keep them internets like
tangle juleps it's great hey Zeus commit
can say hi any if I like miss your
questions just keep sending them to me
until I answer it hey hey hey hey
everybody excuse his scruffiness he
needs a um a groom very badly hey hey
you're so cute he's just been running
around outside with Luke hi no fighting
no thank you oh that must have been an
all video asked if I'd date how much
what did I say was I like nope don't
what am i doing shh don't be moody he's
just trying to have a cuddle oh girl um
well as I say god this is hit Duke I am
sitting on the floor watching girls of
the Playboy Mansion not the corner one
just the regular and chatting to us I
look like a porn star do I okay thanks
um am I going to fish a week Shh no um I
got invited to a bunch of shows but I am
over traveling for now and I've just
been sick like really sick today's the
first day I can like properly breathe
and so I was just like that I'm just
going to stay home um yeah doggie pÃªche
revitalash review well I can just
right now I love it and it works really
really well and yep my hats from a sauce
here's the little label s us with Hema
she's coming I think you might want to
have a shower before he comes to check I
was just like well I'll just start the
chat now because I'm doing nothing I
finished working i finished eating my
favourites video so that's all I can
check happy birthday Courtney for next
week auckland meet up next weekend next
saturday i'm going to post a picture
when am i going to post a picture i'm
going to post a picture today maybe
tonight with the details or tomorrow
night Oh push it a couple times where's
this he's running around with Lloyd at
the moment they're chasing each other
playing with a toy
I look really oily but I'm really not
because I don't even get oily so I don't
know why I look Willie yeah it's a
lighting happy birthday for tomorrow
Phoebe I'm not going to I Mets this year
because basically I'm at last was it
last year it was like hit dick and all I
can hear how much come inside and we
just clogged up so much space and I felt
awful because one I'm access into
YouTube thing it's for makeup artists
it's for like the businesses it's for
other that all of that kind of things so
I felt really bad like that we were just
clogging up the atmosphere and yeah I
just felt really bad like these other
people hi oh that's what beauty cons for
not I'm a so I'm not gonna go 20 minutes
I just feel really bad like it was
really fun but it was exhausting and the
people I Mets were like really rude
because they like get out of the way
like you're blocking up the doors and
it's just not with it Oh God breath I'm
not greasy thank you very much I just
did that outfit I'm wearing a jersey
this is from where's this from lala land
or something and pj shorts cuz yolo the
auckland made up will be I think it's
added benefit store do i shock from
pagan shop yeah hell yeah I do will
there be a new plymouth meet up I'm not
uni time sir and I'm not planning on
committing you plummet in sub soon but I
want to because it's we're selling herbs
am I ever coming
kid I wonder are you gonna have a shower
yeah okay How long could it be people
are asking where you are no they want to
see you notice I'm sure and then come
here these kind of sentimental what
bottle of all of you guys are just like
shouting out lightly or from what
foundation my wearing I am wearing a
mixture of nice sheer glow and Make Up
For Ever HD foundation I ran out of my
NARS sheer glow like probably like two
or three weeks ago and I was missing it
so much I have like a really really died
shade so I will that mixed with like a
really pale makeup forever shade I
freaking love no sugar so much and I'm
not really look picture if I like move
so it's gonna like make me worse ooh big
eyes the charger know that general is
that lines gonna what did I think of
kalol on the quantity sure is lovely um
tips to get clear skin make sure you
remove your makeup well because that's
what clogs your pores thanks my
eyelashes a um XO beauty gold it is whoo
can I show you my makeup clothes hmm I
don't know no I'm not changing my hair
color anytime soon I love blonde if I
change my hair color just be like a
different blonde me and Haymitch
a question announced on his channel
which he's gonna eat it this weekend and
we did a whole pizza challenge and
follow me so he's got three videos to
eat it um yeah hey Kimmy hello come here
cut him cut him oh that's my eyeball
he's very lucky
how many people in here there's a lot hi
Samara touch for school and be yourself
but be confident and talk to people um I
was so shy at school and I regret it I
wish I have tried to put myself out
there more and do more activities and
join more clubs and more sports and
stuff because I found it so hard to make
friends because I was so like quiet so
people didn't talk to me sometimes
you've got to make an effort to talk to
other people good nude lipsticks in
Alton um maybelline has some good ones
matt has some good ones I think rimmel
do some good ones oh they're being so
noisy I hope you can't hear this is what
they do all day you mind they're not
going to quiet him down I'm not playing
i'm busy busy how was LA it was awesome
but I was there alone like I don't have
anyone with me with me so I didn't
really explore very much because I was
too scared cuz I've got terrible
direction skills what time is it here it
is 551 p.m. do I still work our healing
well yeah I'm only just getting back
into it looks obviously I was away and I
didn't have any time to exercise / I was
in Europe got home for a week with
editing my videos and then I was gone
again top three met products um I love
their um fluid line for I'll stop a
moment what quiet yeah tough mum Shh
what else
the eyeshadows in general like setting
type is a big favorite of mine kid soft
brown their lipsticks of course I love
their lipsticks what am I know me for
dinner and making burritos next again Oh
careful is justin james use what I
missed that I saw his there night I go
to Disneyland I want to go to Disneyland
saw a freaking bad you guys have no idea
where are my glasses from which ones do
you make my reading glasses daya I think
they're dolce gabbana when I pick
another dog not at the moment louia is a
puppy store so he destroys everything
he's like really naughty so I cannot
deal with another one copies are so
annoying they're really cute but they're
so annoying I love full grown adult feel
like Zeus is an angel but this little
boy egg is a totally demon at you little
demon hmm how to get over a breakup keep
yourself very busy oh my gosh this so
annoying I hang out with your friends
don't like I know it's really tempted
tempted it's really tempting to just sit
in your room and just like watch TV and
just be alone but obviously that's good
to an extent but you need to get out
there go out with friends having the
time go shopping guide for lunch just
take your mind off it um at the end of
the day it just comes with time how do I
stay positive and just force myself to
if I'm feeling like in a really grumpy
mood and feeling like everything is just
 I just tell myself like it could be
worse and there are people out there
that are going through a hard time for
the enemy so I don't know you've just
got to always think the positives and
the negatives it's just now cheers as
hot and real on what in real life as he
looks on YouTube he looks the exact same
as he does in this video's
dunedin do i need to come to Demeter
I've been benched this up I'll really
have been to queenstown i think when i
was like real little uttering maybe
anything i need to go back i really want
to go to queens done teeth whitening and
same as my last teeth whitening routine
i used crisp white strips and i use the
whitening pins to touch up which flavor
protein I don't use I think Homer like
hey misuses that I don't use it what's
on my TV girls of the Playboy Mansion
we're having a shower and then I've only
tried to Real Techniques brushes one of
them I like heaps the other one I'm like
I guess I just don't really know what to
use it for I don't remember what they
called I've got like the big fluffy face
brush which I used for bronze and
sometimes and the other ones like a
really dense one which haven't really
experimented with but so far so good I'm
not wearing extensions right now this is
just my natural here I was wearing them
earlier they were um Bellamy yeah I want
to go visit Ollie ice bucket challenge
I'm not doing the ice bucket challenge I
already donated stuff their favorite TV
show I don't know I've got a lot of
favorites at the moment man hamash
you're watching what's it called Bates
Motel we got Bates Motel it's really
good but I'm only up to like the fourth
episode so I don't spoil it for me
Louie is an Italian Greyhound so he's a
miniature greyhound this was as big as
he gets what's this like this oh here
comes trouble hi hazers the only way I
do a pommy made up as if it was hosted
by someone I can't dream made up to now
if they're not like hosted because so
many reasons one it's unsafe to people
can get really upset because there's no
order like people will literally just
like rush and push in from other people
some people will just stand around for
ages some who play it's just really
rough so it's so much better when it's
hosted by someone where they can like
have it in like an orderly fashion and
like have the photos going and it's just
so much easier and safer so I don't do
meetups without them being hosted by
anyone anymore Hey yeah I watched GG
hi grace hey oh my jewelry line more
info coming up very soon we're working
on loading the website next week I
believe because I really want to get
that going but I've been so busy so I
really want to start their next week
favorite clothing store I like hey
they're fighting over the toy pega
Marines did I like the iconic dot com au
I like shop oh I like last do I like go
away I don't know but on I'm not like
don't I'm gonna post this link bear with
me free see i'm just posting my link to
my facebook I've got to such a rumbly
stomach right now dddd
this muscle so we're right up moosh
moosh vlogs just pleased our boy behave
don't just throw it at me I'm not
playing with you are you still wanting
to move to Australia not really to be
honest oh sorry um I Love New Zealand so
much every time I lived user like how
it's come back and I'll of Auckland way
too much like when I wanted to live in
Australia it was before i move to
oakland I love all club Auckland's like
my soul city my eyelash line is an
international yet we ship
internationally advice dealing with a
mean teacher honestly like talk to your
Dean's or principal your parents to talk
to your principal because that's not
cool um I remember some of my friends
got basically bullied by a teacher and
they got to move class like it was
really like comment off hey measures in
the shower I'm not going to show you do
I eat my boogers totally I'm just
kidding no i don't sorry do you live
next to google what does that mean
favorite food at the moment my favorite
food would be sushi i'm pretty sure this
is like really laggy like I think I get
your comments and they're like a minute
later i'm talking so sorry yeah Benton
eros it's so good the restaurant
plumbing oh my gosh I went there with a
mesh like a month ago it was really good
it was expensive but it was so good
lily I know you want to play that it's
really a bad time yeah we want to move
back to all time now when you get sick
of Auckland at all we moved because
Hamish is studying here and we've bought
a house here it's so much cheaper to buy
a house in Palmerston North little clin
so it's just like a first step we want
to go back to Auckland like hopefully
we'll be able to pay off the house first
or at least get a chunk of it paid off
um do I like makeup geek yeah I love
makeup geek I love their eyeshadows i
bought their blushes but i don't really
reach for the afternoon i don't know why
so I like pretty little eyes yeah but
I'm only up to the third season I think
and me and how much like stopped
watching it I really want to keep
watching ever I think he thinks it's too
girly so I find this stuff awkward know
are you going to visit Karissa she is
all over the place I don't even know
where she is right now now I think she's
in Canada I want to go back to Australia
soon but yeah won't be primates but I
want to go I want to go see like Lillian
and Chloe and Lauren and her soon
everybody I loved my contact shirt it
was so much bad can you not honestly go
play outside go away go away I just
steal it often it's rude hi Cassie huh
did you buy the current house you're
living in right now yeah this is our
house me and Hamish bought it together
daya is all I love your videos I really
like a vlog channel who's your favorite
beauty youtuber I don't know I've got so
many favorites I've been loving um
Robert ghost right now Gabriella if
she's good it like I me she does beauty
but she does a lot of like other stuff
as well I like she's doing like lots of
fun decorating vlogs and like a house
like phone calls
how to get more subscribers there's no
secret to get more subscribers it's just
all about I guess I don't know it's just
about your content and it's about you
and it's about being consistent and it's
about uploading good quality content and
being active and um just all that kind
of stuff there's no way you can just be
like you know it's not I can just tell
you to do something and you're going to
get subscribers out of it do you like
birds as pets I used to have budgets as
a kid but I couldn't teach them how to
talk like I know they can barely talk
but I was so annoyed so may I go them to
my Nana cuz she is like will she used to
have so many favorite lime crime
lipstick maybe great pink planet or
geranium we know I like that my
beautiful rocket I love that years
earlier I want to do it um makeup
tutorial soon I'm wearing um bitsy by
Steeler on my lips I've got such an
itchy eyeball I'm so sorry I can't
answer all your questions like they're
just like on my screen right now because
one youtuber you would love to me um I
would love to meet Nicole Guerrero can't
say her name I would love to meet Tanya
burr I'd love to meet Zoe I would love
to meet Gabriela as I say I love her
videos I would love to meet plus what I
love to me like i would i would have
said i would love to me jaclyn hill but
I met her and she was so nice we took so
many selfies but they were like all bad
I was like oh such bad lighting display
everywhere hi Nicole hi Manny how do you
start getting paid oh that's copying
learn Curtis you hobag thank you why my
copying Lauren oh my gosh I can be
leavin read did you a free time on the
quantity a little bit not too much like
you know when you were getting ready so
like sometimes you'd have like two or
three hours where you'd have like an
activity finish and they'd like you'd
have dinner or something and like two or
three hours so you could do whatever
sometimes we have free time for like
half a day when I would just go with
like some of the other youtubers would
get a group together which is go
sightseeing and stuff um so you do get a
little bit of time that you can have on
your own but I didn't spend much time
alone him at all is my Italian Greyhound
fragile I thought it would be but he is
psycho and he just jumps around and like
is ruthless so the Lighting's getting
bad once again I'm going to like turn on
the light did that help I should take
this off but i like it it's like sharing
my facebook whatever what's Han am I
using i'm using what's it call to
someone i keep posting about Lovington
love it I've got like the developing
stuff on at the moment though look I
like white some of it off that'll be
ride tomorrow what's that Ritz it hmm is
your boob job
the money totally the boobs is 60 6pm
one-timers gets he will probably only be
on for like 20 minutes because then
we're going to cook dinner and then
tonight I'm given in John everyone
coming over the game we're gonna play
some games hey Alex I see you everyone
goes subscribe to Alex faction he's a
babe
opinion of kinky i love it i had pinky
at once but i don't know i just couldn't
figure out like my makeup it was so hard
for me to like figure out what makeup to
wear with pink hair so i liked it as
YouTube a good paying job it's honestly
like it depends because there's no like
it's not like a normal job where you
paid a certain amount it's totally like
random it just depends on so many
different things you guys should go
watch Lily iisuperwomanii she did a
video I've had a breath um she did a
video about YouTube as a job and I all
the myths and stuff like it was such a
good video I loved it go check it out
favorite Kardashian Khloe she's
hilarious
who is my thick my celebrity crush as a
child Will Smith
hi Brandon what style is my house I
don't know it's just like a new little
like I don't know what they call them in
America it's just like a standard little
new house thing I'll do a house tour
soonish I just want to like finish more
staff look it's like a sneak peek
there's my chair and there is a couch
and there's a Sun paper and in there is
a dining room we just got these chairs I
got the most trade me that are really
cheap what's my favorite drugstore
foundation um I don't know i love my Chi
Chi 1 I love my ELF at new fighting one
mmm but why has some really good ones
Carly will kindle I don't know I like
both of them for different reasons to me
and Hamish fight a lot not really we
argue about dumb stuff sometimes but
there's normal how long did it take me
to get to 1,000 subscribers I can't
remember it was a long time though it
took me like I think it took me a few
months to get to 100 I currently
remember well I know is it wasn't quick
at all
hey I got a toy okay hello you just
chill hi how do you say no Sonia Sonia
sorry if I said that wrong sharni fa
shan affair am I going back to europe
sometime i will definitely some time but
probably not anytime super soon next I
want to go to Japan and I might go back
to like LA and stuff next year do I have
any plus-size friends um I've got like
plus-sized friends but not like good
friends why does that matter haughton do
I see Jamie I'm in seen her in ages the
last time I saw her was where i lived in
auckland how do they keep my composure
with all these rude comments how do you
get you noticed on YouTube I don't know
just put out good content stay true to
yourself and eventually your name will
just like get out there I I need to take
that Ripper fitness link off I still do
it but I'm not investing more if you go
to a rapid fitness I think it's Rick the
fitness Scott easy it'll come up do more
cooking videos while you want me to cook
what should I cook I can totally do more
cooking videos yeah that's a dog door
well it's a cat door but they fit
through it hi amber Michelle hi Ella hi
Kylie hi Isabel hi Thalia hi Chrissy
what brush from my collection do I reach
for most bronzer brush flat top face
brush and the blender brushes at the
tapered top I brush can my dogs be quiet
well I'm not locking them up for the
sake of the video I mean for the live
chat sorry they're just having fun
they're excited because I'm like sitting
in the lounge I've been in my room all
day filming so as soon as I come out
here they're like say it's playtime that
I'm doing this clubbing lookbook that's
a kind of good idea oh my gosh I'm just
like zoning out like laser hair removal
was really good remember I was doing it
for a bit but I look like that's what it
is is the TB reflecting off my face this
is not happening this is not happening
um but the thing was laser hair removal
is you've got to do it like every is at
six weeks or something and when I was
doing it I had like stuff on I just
couldn't get in and like as soon as you
like get too far away from my that
six-week mark it you come did just mix
it irrelevant I don't know I just
stopped doing it because I was too busy
if you're good at doing appointments
like every six weeks whatever it is you
can do it XO beauty ships everywhere
where's my boy I know I where is he how
much do I owe you Dan I don't really
want to say what car I Drive it's not
flash door i drive a mazda
I think I actually posted a picture on
and scream of an age to go it's just a
little master too there you go I stopped
what like say too many details because I
want people that come and keep my car or
something so I like breaking bad yeah
what am i wearing I'm wearing just a
little sweater and I'm wearing pj pants
how do you handle real people for most
part used to ignore them it's just
whatever hey if you got ice did you get
ice look Louie and Zeus love ice it's
like a treat what are you doing hi tips
come on the slide look how I do sup I've
got all of it like it's like weird it's
de lage and then what are you doing up
through your truth because after its
after we finish you could publish it so
I don't know people can watch it later
that's real boo I don't know if this is
interesting a lot but now I don't have
any extensions in we can't stay for ages
i know i said like 20 minutes or so
that's funny because we've got to cook
dinner yeah we'll stay on till like do
you live in the clovelly area we're not
going to tell people where we love
specialist you know I've image cook yeah
I can cook will stay until about mm-hmm
15 minutes three minutes no will stay 20
minutes so 635 mm mm okay I know we've
got stuff to do how many play born here
858 holy insane yeah you guys need
to go subscribe to Harris disease almost
got 44 so subscribe owns one party so
hot afternoon the launch do they look
good what is some dirty-ass people in
here are there yeah look at all the
comments you can't even like keep up i
know so many yeah we want to do we want
to start doing live checks more than air
so should they love this cardigan that's
inside out as well you can wear it both
ways so step swaggy
your shirt is too low cut that's because
it's a it's actually a singer I've been
doing the morns which I'm changing later
thanks though nice boobs Hamish that's
better nice haircut I know I've thank
goodness I love your head shop I open it
looks so much better have you got stuff
in it what don't touch her go on I won't
you just gotta have the show cuz for the
camera no we're not into that kind of
thing what is hope what's giggy's video
game GG yeah well whoever it is I don't
know any so real quick well hi Victoria
wuts ur mind said that you filmed them
in Wellington yeah probably who was it
oh my god some people filthy I know yeah
I had a real good day just being a work
all day and then had to come home and do
the lawns and what are we doing tonight
we are gonna cook for redux and then can
you come why do I have to cook how did
the lawns true i guess that's fit or
they don't they take like 15 minutes
anyway yeah I'm and then I was at jamba
vez de Mer coming as smooth coming this
way whoever saves weird ah well John and
be really gonna come over we're gonna
play games they were being so annoying I
know he's being a more they were like
playing in the background or like big
role boise his Haymitch had a beard have
you ever heard of beers I had before but
yeah yeah not real long it was only like
you know it was little it was more sort
of overgrown stubble Mohammed start
streaming on Twitch oh yeah will stream
on Twitch tonight well don't we do
anything yeah but we won't be talking in
it we might turn on the camera can hey
missed work right now please I can't
work I'd love to see that can you twerk
no I've never tried oh you should on in
front of me sometimes yes Doctore
they're just shaking my butt
win yeah it's creepy hey burrito twins
TJ mix favorite alcohol drink well it's
a favorite alcoholic drink well my
favorite is a cocktail at make but I
knew I liked don't drink it because it's
so sugary and like if you drank four of
them you put on like 12 kilos what were
my unit so I coconut something it is
coconut cream Malibu Midori pineapple
juice and you shake it up with ice it's
so good and once just real simple to be
probably beer overall but jager am
ripple was another good well I get
really bad hanging with this way I drink
too much Jager ripples his evening like
this the whole time no he's just happy
to see you he loves his daddy he chose
on yes the storm will like show your
ears on any well everyone if here last
year and you come to our house he'll
just get up in like chew your ear yes i
watch ggested the earlier have I had
braces no look at these ones i don't
care i might get them fixed one day
light Invisalign or something but it's
nothing that's like at the top of my
priority list it's just like them
someone sit on your pretty lips there's
something you do what do you mean pretty
lips well not prissy they're just good
lips are they yeah i've had the
challenge anymore challenge videos we've
got a house built a challenge coming
with his channel so he's winning idiot
editing it maybe tomorrow I've got like
four videos really few guys but they're
not all completely edited so yeah I've
just got to wait and say I can't really
commit to any time because I've got work
all the time obviously Shannon doesn't
full-time sauce my name is it yeah what
are you doing yours on you said you're
gonna do a child I've made up a
challenge and we might film it tomorrow
morning early if you want um it's gonna
be called the Kiwi food challenge I
think and it's gonna be three courses
it's gonna be a race and I'm gonna it's
kind of it I'm not gonna tell you you're
gonna have to wait and see I don't want
to tell you it's a Kiwi challenge today
it's kick like it's like Kiwi food Kiwi
food do they know what Kiwis are you
doing business everyone always thinks
that Kiwi like my cold cave is because
of kiwi fruit but it's not caring for
its Kiwi is our national bird so
literally
just in a bit end agent flightless
little chubby fat fat little bird it's
really cute good luck Venus up nope Oh
have you owner Hamish been to University
yeah but both been to University before
I dropped out because it wasn't for me
that he did the whole yes course what is
reckonin I like middle of card it's not
really middle anymore Zulu can you do a
morning and night routine that will be
pull off a face Hamish so what's to see
a funny face hi Zara am I plenty of me
anymore Kira's I don't play in any of my
toes how can you sit down on there can
you look it up a bit and sit on your
knees my knees will hurt not gonna be
here fever we have 4 15 more minutes
guys hey Leo you're a coomera your
favorite youtubers mine will probably be
Casper it's Billy Artemis room I love
his videos he's like he's consistently
good as well yeah he's like my favorite
guy youtuber and what's it what do i
smoke Hilda what's their damn New
Zealand group then two videos cougar
boys oh yeah they're very good if you
guys haven't cheek that the Cougar boys
yet you should go check them out there
like a bunch of Islander dodes or it's
more Highlander say these Indians and
everything it's just like it it's just
like a multicultural group really oh
yeah and it's a purse take of what can
we say all the time yeah and they can
like go to clubs and stuff and like take
the person it's really good and they'll
give you pick up lines and how to pick
up girls as well oh god you guys stop
squeaking that now who's taller hey
Misha store than me I'm smart hi Ali
Zach's girlfriend if Chris was here he
would work oh my gosh one day we should
do live chats with like our friends my
attorney okay when our friends come over
we should like get them to watch it
watch anyway well Chris
wait I don't make Jonas boy I was Jack
who is it wait they just don't look like
Jacob hager who was hit by the other day
they stood out of light Sam Sam Smith oh
so much do they look like say about the
Maya no not at all boy people are gonna
complain about losing weight be quiet he
just wants to play that so I know
they're excited that we're in here we're
not see someone to see the other guy Sam
Smith yeah I think this is delayed is it
youtube good paying job depends I really
said they're actually the same thing
yeah it doesn't even depend on how hard
you work some people if shitty deals
some people have like huge patios and
some people it's just depends it really
depends but it goes off use right so
just sometimes no no it's also a way for
people showing it goes off use no it's
off your air to no matter what so I got
more views you get the more add news you
get sort of theoretically get more money
but also depends how long people
watching videos that depends what ads
are on there so that inter pares on each
aired as well it's like so many
different things notice how you do like
Sam Smith do you see that it's dirty I
don't know I'm not reading it out yeah
so long before I was like this about you
what did it say not telling you should
watch and I've seen Chandler McMahan a
have you seen chap that's it what about
the witches proven quite the BB now
watch Bates Motel its wave it out I
don't a big occasion I'll be McDonald oi
they're just gonna keep doing oh I would
normally say burger king but they got
rid of tenders why would they do that do
they get rid of chicken tenders over and
okay if I had to have a big I'd still go
to Burger King wait quiet please um I
like mcdonalds breakfast favorite
this one the one that Kelly drawn me but
I've got such gross state it can call me
hi lobby hi Brooke generation ships
what's your to be open it up my tip
would be if you love with someone spend
lots of time with them but make sure you
have space at the same time I like make
sure you have like you're an area of the
house as well yeah good like it's so
good then i have my filming room hey
mesh has his own room and then we've got
our bedroom that we sleeping together
but we have like space to get away from
each other a bit cuz I guys yeah
especially if he was ever doing YouTube
full-time like it would he wouldn't need
to have his own space because always it
be too much do we like one day set one
direction yeah right around this song
and we're dodging the way we want to
come to Hawaii we want to go to Hawaii
we do watch Grey's Anatomy as well we
just started watching it from the very
beginning again care these huge people
there's more and more these nine hundred
dollar sir I need to go get changed and
get ready so yeah I know I told them we
hit all six thirty-five got like a small
ears oh it's so wound up guys all
excited chibi teaching tool gentle puppy
Lou Jean til show them what he does when
you kiss his chest nothing good guys why
because you just attacked my face and
recoveries cheese so look your hands of
the way he's not he's look at your head
to the way what happens is you'll be
real psycho in Sharon will come along
and kisses chairs isn't like he's just
like he did until now he's being psycho
he like all over my heat he's got
lipstick on his chest now please say hi
what's my Twitter
minus X ocean with 3 a's and his is mush
mush walks yeah how are you uncle can be
25 in chance 21 no I'm 2220 toner thank
you very much yes you've only just had
your birthday what do you guys say it
boy what went a mesh posters needs to be
as soon as he's edited it but he works
full time i'll probably edit it tomorrow
hopefully what's your favorite place got
to give it move it than ever we not we
used to go to lonestar all the time
we're gonna tell your story right now
okay you got so we normally we would we
were so bad we've got a lone star like
once a week for dinner and would always
go and get like like often would get
like oops yeah like sometimes we get
like fish and some time to get cheap
it's usually special ribs so we went
about a week and a half ago and I got
rooms and they were like awful like to
the point where we never ever ever
complain about our food but it was that
bad that we had to say something the
ribs were like I wasn't only the room so
this a source as well as I was all like
illiterate like pouring water on your
room yeah like they were so solid that I
couldn't even swallow it that's like it
was so solid and chilly in bed so Stern
eat and then we meet when was it like
two nights ago yeah well oh go get rose
try it again now we're like not as bad
nowhere near as bad but that was still
just not as good as they normally ask
them just like which like that no more
line start unless we want fish or
something and that we also someone say
something about Nero before that was
amazing it was very expensive but if you
if you want something like amazing to go
flat your birthday for like an
anniversary or like something like that
so worth it yeah the thing about long
stars it's like value for money so in a
massive plate of food for how much you
pay but if you go to somewhere like Nero
you'll get what you get really high
quality food but it'll be not like you
still get a decent portion always it on
yeah that's true like you need an entree
unless you're not very hungry at all so
yeah
those place where asked we go we go to
Bethany sometimes you been to Belize
been to rendezvous we've been to what's
it asian place cool there's a wabi-sabi
OMG de jager that's one yea ye de go
there that's really good yeah tie in
Chinatown yeah tightening what's her
favorite food place so I don't know one
would be can we say just favorite
takeaways Turkish he likes cheese July
what do they call that's cool yeah it's
called Turkish Delight it sometimes
small Joy's their skin does I like sushi
this do I store my septum pierced I
don't know ever tried to force anything
to either time to them hmm I hated there
didn't you save something else pierced
like between your chest or song i've had
like everything guests have you not
everything that almost are we going to
Lourdes Oakland concert wins that I
don't think we are um you can't make so
beauty of stores yet we've just kept
online but we are opening a store soon
hi actually is Hamish gay or yeah yeah
I'm gay yeah he's gay I'm soon why do
people say like it's blah blah blah gays
if it's like a bad thing like obviously
you're not gay because we're together
but they've always try to play it like a
bad thing have you ever broken a bone I
have it what have you broken I've broken
three arms if that even makes sense
three broken what if I did I broke it
here here here I know it looks like the
same spot but it's not enter my rest and
I did it all on one break so that was
bad and then I broke my leg and soccer
and what else do I break my finger in my
tire so hey it's your time Tibet here
yeah of course it hurt I feel like it
wouldn't hurt just you know what they
broke in your tone just not not will you
fractured it I fractured my butt huh my
team won in Korea when I was in a car
accident even broke his tailbone oh my
god i did a bright guy just friction I
couldn't sit with my legs out like this
for like four years room like that i can
do that i hate's go like this it's the
work and I couldn't sit on my back for
like a long period of time i hate's like
get up so dad so much okay we've got
five minutes five more minutes since you
single no excitement in it before I know
you've got you to do about five more
minutes north islands way better than
the South Island is that it's gonna
spike up heaps I hate now I've been to
the south island on it's just like it
seems like it's kind of all this is
there but it's a little bit behind I
want to go there looks really looks
prettier than the North Island like it
looks like it's got better scenery in
here how far throwing pretty little
liars are we like a season three I don't
know I'm not a huge fan of it but I
watch it cuz she watches it we were
watching agents yeah how do I fracture
my butt we were in a car accident credo
actually a seat belt and so I wasn't
because I was a dumb little kid and we
got in a pile of hits in and we smashed
into a car so once smashed into us
because someone in front of us slammed
on their brakes and they're basically I
wait I smacked like wait I jerked my
whole back Ford really weird in a really
weird angle smacked my drawers so I like
I get really big door lock sometimes
from it too I smashed my draw on the
front seat and then like sled back when
we like kind of head so I was like it
was like it like miss me up a bit I was
talking like 10 or something i think
when i hit i can't really remember
finkelstein south on is way better yeah
and South Islands we've never got cheese
rolls was cheese rolls all good i wish i
didn't like breed I love breeds like my
favorite food ever ever ever been to New
York no I've only been to LA in the
States we want to go want you're going
to come with me next to el oh yeah I
thought we were going to Japan no no no
I mean like if i go back to LA for like
beautycon for youtube stuff you can come
with me next time yeah we'll see why did
I start making beauty videos because I
don't know any other youtubers door I
mean New Zealanders doing youtube so i
decided to make my own channel
hi Emma Davidson all right where are you
going to be on him for a couple more
minutes guys the neden is a piston evens
friesen obviously Auckland meet up next
Saturday I'll put and follow up on
facebook later how was it made up for um
it's for an hour how much what President
may get my boyfriend's fly the
anniversary alone I'll show you what
what's it called what's there oh the one
you just got don't think about no not
that one what's the other one um it's
diesel remember that oh I like brown
lucky one it's like anna Brown bomb
packaging if someone knows what's called
comment it care to another Hall um next
time I shop yep Hugo Boss Hoss commit
come here hydron hey come to Canada what
he says miley look is a is he gonna
throw out me my last time you did no you
smiling with his teeth alright I think
we're going to go I think this is
delayed sir yeah just I will be done
yeah it's definitely delayed what are
tips for starting a channel before you
go just don't be fake just be yourself
and do videos that you would find
interesting to watch if you find it if
you find your black made a video and
it's real awkward to watch it probably
is so don't upload and one other
question is where else one more let's
find one more question one more question
hi n hi Ellie all right no one's asking
questions that we have an answer to this
dude alright alright thank you for
watching I don't really know how this is
gonna work thanks for watching I hope
you guys
night and I want to see them and we'll
do another vlog so can users can you say
this is playing just come good me taste
it oh no come you like play with me hmm
ya ready this is by desi by hi Tyler hey
I can't reach an A title ethically
something I don't know aah say aah
that's stopping
