we just need something a lot to learn
and not wait going through those long
let's see him I didn't buy anything
though I was gonna buy this bag but then
it wasn't there and it was to be so how
cool is this
like at Nicole's ooh check it out it's
the Colosseum pretty impressive it's
pretty cool we've just been saying all
these ruins his some just like stuff
that's being destructed I guess we're
going inside the Coliseum now this is
what it's looking like we're just in
cute it looks like wearing like a
dungeon basically we've been walking all
day I might be actually killing me like
an cannot stop complaining oh my gosh
I'm so painful
what the Gators now you can see the ones
so crazy
so wrap it tonight and then there's a
fish dish comment like antipasti order
during the show artistic value
the stickum pot really and like beef
I probably hey guys so today I have my
made-up it's our last day of the kontiki
trip we're in London at the moment I
didn't vlog yesterday because I checked
my camera in my big suitcase and then we
have to leave it like 4 a.m. and it was
just a really busy day very tiring made
up now and I'm really excited to meet
through you guys I just got ready and
I've got to rush down to the lobby right
now and we're off so I'll try to vote
today hopefully this whole experience
has been amazing by the way I need to do
like a little recap at the end of this
vlog just letting you guys know exactly
what I thought so here now that the made
up and I'm so it's good that no one's
gonna read my line it sounds really good
ya know there's a lot of people like I
feel like we're gonna go it's my line
that we like five people they yes
yeah my lens look pulling some pretty
big I'm a bit nervous just waiting and
eating snacks and stuff before we go out
you can oh here we go
got a fury pose what is it sweet I
excited
Meola
basically and with no big mystery
say something to the camera
tell me your names nice to meet you guys
check out this are the dot and alla goya
how cool they're like some suits
and the pitch still going exhausted you
see this yeah I just thought that other
they had the coolest labels in my life I
love this circle needs Elly and Olivia
we're good it takes but amazing guys
sorry about the shitty lighting is 5:23
p.m. right now on this father bogus or
the day I'm uploading this it's my
birthday and thank you so much for your
birthday wishes it's been really awesome
reading them all day I've hidden or at
dojust been working and getting ready
and packing and stuff because I leave
for LA tomorrow so you know how it is
thank you so much watch for my vlogs my
travel vlogs from Kentucky I was
supposed to talk a little bit back on
Turkey for a minute just because lots of
you have been asking me lots of
questions I think Kentucky is a great
thing to go on for the price you pay you
go to so many different like you know
countries will depend on their like
little package you pick you got so many
different countries you just say store
my stuff and like a small amount of time
you're not going to get a lot of time in
each place but it's a good opportunity
to kind of think you know like we don't
want want to go back one day because I
know I want to go it's like Florence one
day I want to go back to France so it's
just a really great way to meet so many
new people
sightseeing just to heaps of fun stuff
it what's a good food it's just such a
cool experience so if you've ever been
thinking about it I highly recommend it
it was so much fun I've always heard so
many good things about quantity choice
but I never really thought about it
until I was offered this opportunity so
yeah I'm so happy I got to go it was so
much fun and I made so many new friends
it was just the big everyone on the trip
was just amazing and I cannot wait to
catch up with them again you know later
on in life flea sooner rather than later
I really want to go for a trip oh cool I
didn't catch I was like Holly and
everyone really want to go over to like
America and stay with some people and do
some collabs and and just get to know
everyone even better it was so much fun
everyone was so kind it was just the
best time so contact me if you're
watching this thank you so much I hit
the best time and I will never forget
this opportunity I would never forget
this for as long as I live and when I'm
80 I'm gonna watch these vlogs again and
remember how much fun I had well so much
for watching I hope you like these vlogs
and I will be vlogging and I'll
as well so keep an eye out probably next
week for vlogs and then eventually I'll
get back to my normal Sunday loading
routine sorry if I'm out of breath I
really am I don't know why oh this looks
really orange as well my makeup is all
for today I'm just wearing like tinted
moisturizer and it's not looking very
good so oh well stay tuned for more
vlogs and as I said soon I'll be back to
a normal schedule every Sunday on my
vlog Channel thank you so much and thank
you to all my new subscribers I noticed
that I hit over 250,000 subscribers on
this channel when did that happen that's
so crazy
thank you so much oh my god after an
amazing day I'll talk to you soon bye
