so I had the most annoying night ever
and I'm like so stressed out right now
basically these plugs here in Italy like
they're supposed to fit the plug I have
but the point I have doesn't fit in the
wall
I couldn't charge my camera and my
computer on my phone anything last night
so I don't know how much of today I can
log on my camera I've got a full battery
but like I don't think it's proper full
battery cuz I was using it last night as
well so it's probably go down quite
rapidly so I'm really sorry guys and I
don't know what to do and I need to be
uploading today and I don't know if I'm
gonna get my upload up and it's like
really stressful
whoo I just couldn't really I spend a
bit more time on my makeup today because
I have a lot of time is going we've got
like a tour today dinner on the Tuscan
hills hopefully I can blow up here but
if not I'm just really stressed out
about my upload like that's the thing
I'm worried about right now but what
Peter so we're out in Florence at the
moment and we're just walking to a
little factory where leather is made
which is kind of like a controversial
agent object I guess but you know but on
the way we're just looking at some site
and there's some really cool statues
around like really cool I'm so excited
how cool is that
here leonardo Donatello Raphael
Michelangelo
so now we've got a guide and we're just
in a big hole surely this is my kind of
thing I love it
the coffee is very accurate it's exactly
the same size
bill has its most famous symbol guarding
City Hall main entrance
huge feet just literally just like this
so which one do you like best
that's that's how you do it in Italy you
don't mess around
Murray
yeah
this coating is covered in fake
donnatella bills dream princess there's
a lot of them up there
someone's climbing a break so they're
both got the same name last name too
- Taylor laughs yeah
I go to my great abuser
I hope it's good I think we're climbing
to the top of this isn't this one yeah
we're climbing up here man the queue is
pretty big doesn't move what do you call
it do you call it up here come on cheer
are you kidding
so we're not going up here because it's
like 72 euros because we'd have to get
priority because the line is like one
and a half hours long so we're not doing
that anymore so that sucks but we're
gonna go ahead of look at the shots now
we shot when we decided to get some
gelato and we've been looking around for
a really good place and wanted Ellie to
subscribe to see that this place was
really really really good and it's must
be because this view is huge
they passed any of the flavors I like
dart because I usually judge everything
by the way I said it so I got my gelato
I got peach and it's so freaking good
so we've all got it and we're all happy
and Gina and just see it getting this at
the moment it's sort of freaking good I
hope my battery doesn't guys like
flashing rate right now but look where
we are
so cold okay so here we are in the main
square with this beautiful building the
orvieto's duomo Orvieto I was calling a
core vieta oh no just door B Orvieto
it'll be inside duomo and this is what I
meant and when I said on the coast that
all of these buildings around it this is
what obviated looks like it's a medieval
town and then stuck right in the center
is a amazingly oversized church
dedicated to that miracle I was telling
you about so a few years after Pope
Urban declared a miracle he will ground
broke ground breaking happens the
building was constructed or started to
being constructed in 1290 a few years
later we've been to Italy a few days now
and you notice that things aren't done
very quickly
end up vlogging last flight my battery
did end up dying like I said in the
morning I couldn't charge it and
everything but we just ready to leave
now and I'm running downstairs but just
let me show you my fear of Florence like
it's like a mess of you but I still
appreciate it it's really pretty here
and I left it and I love Florence so
much and I can't wait to come back one
day but now we eating to Rome and we
have a challenge today so hopefully I
don't suck at it like I've sucked at the
officer I'm so sorry guys just please
accept my apology I'm just really not
good at this whole challenge thing so so
we just got to the location about the
third and final challenge we're in like
a little Kentucky village and I'm pretty
sure something so take me something
about an hour and it's really it's not
I've just started putting tables
together I'm like freaking out we don't
have to eat like bugs or something
really disgusting I hope it's cocktails
if I will happily decipher the different
flavors the challenge we need to eat
right panting that is hot so we got to
Rome I'm so excited
please excuse they're like running water
noise it's really annoying it's like in
the wall or something but we're just
going to go out for dinner now and I
think we're having a pretty chill night
and then tomorrow we do a lot of
sightseeing like the Colosseum Vatican
City I am so freaking excited because
I've just always wanted to come here and
it's so beautiful and I'm just like over
the moon so I'm so happy our challenge
today was eat pizza which obviously you
just saw and I am so not hungry at all I
have like the most hugest little food
baby in my belly right now I've actually
had a really sore stomach like the last
few days from all the carbs like I'm not
used to having carbs for like every
single meal it's like crazy um anyway
let's go let's go see what everyone's up
to
know where we are but we're in Rome I've
no idea we were going no idea whatever
it is that probably involves sponsor or
people so we're eating tonight an old
represents like summons here's our first
salami and cheese and some what this is
a pet Aegon yeah what is it pasta today
we are going to triple our arm we like
explore around Berlin
we're going to go into the Sistine
Chapel and it's cool stuff so to come up
so many people so I just got through
security over there and we're in this
like big hole I think we can comb most
places but we know a lot of film in
sentences sink Ethel so I will
wherever I can and I'm sorry that I
can't build in some places that you know
gonna follow the rules we're inside
it's that little ticket hey yeah there's
a little black thing so pretty here we
rode fountain lots of fire Street my
favorite
these flow the mosaic crazy
huge we just finished up a little tour
of the Vatican and it was pretty cool I
really like this distinction for those
so amazingly for taking it is boiling
hot out here we're out at the lake rule
I don't know our like little square with
a porch or a Hertz it's important is
like up see myself right now
I'm so just never look around they can
continue side saying it a bit I'm still
really awesome this place is so cool
check that out
I love it here and it's boiling hot I
think tonight's been the hottest day
with either head while we've been in
Europe
just go pick up lunch I street food
