I've got that song stuck right here
so we're in Jena right now on our way to
Florence and we're just stopping for
lunch and I'm really excited this is the
place where pisto is basically like it
did invented so I love to start I'm
really excited to eat like I'm really
stopping you just got to Pisa and we're
gonna do the whole old touristy leaving
the Tower of Pisa shot yeah you could
see it just over there and there's like
heaps of other really cool buildings as
well
doesn't look like it's on that much of a
Lane from this angle but apparently when
you get closer it looks really really
really shady so I think I'm going to do
the classic tourist pose to push up my
hands against it
hashtag tirst
over there ahead the way yeah
we are now in Florence Italy and we just
got to our hotel it's really flesh the
rooms are quite small but it's quite
typical of Europe but the Serb is really
really fleshed like check out awesome as
like like wardrobe it's going moves all
over it's quite cool got a super-cute
beard how cute is this a little TV and
mirror and then the actual light of door
to the bathroom it's like completely
murdered which is really cool do you
like my like really rank outfit of the
day for tripling in the bus wow that's
um this must be the bathroom laughing I
love the green tiles it's so funny it's
got one of these things in a toilet and
a glass shower and a big Maria Lucy's
been delighting to do my makeup because
this morning it was really bad these
hair dryers are really would are they
actually here dries I don't know if they
like hairdryer or some weird like
contraption I don't know so I think I
said it earlier but weird something a
really chilled out day today we're
leaving at 8 o'clock to go to dinner so
I've got half now to get ready and then
that's basically we're just having a
really chill day because we've been
traveling a lot safe like hours and
hours and hours it's been a really long
day I'm like glowing white why does this
happen to me in Europe
anyway that's what you say
so this fruit oh he has the big crater
in ahead of mine to fight a lot
No
oh my god they're going oh my god I've
never been in one of these
so we are out in nice and it's a really
nice day we're out by the water and
we're about to go up for this challenge
I have no idea what it's going to happen
it has something sort of wheels we had
to bring socks I am panicking that it's
like rollerblading or something because
I cannot roll blade to save myself
really freaking out because down there
it's just like really high and it's a
feeling it's like a little private
that's just there I think you pay like
20 years and you get to lie on one of
the beds with to light your own towel
and let all of that instead of on the
rocks over there so it's like public and
private I would totally pay I love those
things
oh thank god for sure
this place is amazing how do you like it
what up it's really cool I love it it's
like the selfie spot it is pressures on
how many youtubers keep it in elevator
are you actually kidding me right now
you can't accuse channel to see how I do
okay
see me fail because I'm not carrying my
camera on me I will drop it on the
ground when I fall over so just a
collaboration was doing from
prankvsprank her makeup and now we hit
it off to wanna cook here dr. Monica
over dinner and to go the casino and
just have a night out and I'm really
excited
that's a screenshot that is that that is
a screensaver it just stops at this
amazing view you just never be upset if
you love you guys very much
so from Mitch and I we doing the
packaging of the roses moisturize
why is that so satisfying really good
yes these guys I'm gonna coat the moment
where all the rich people live and
they're going at dinner and I'm really
excited I'm slow hungry and it's really
really beautiful here and I wish I could
live here and they don't have to pay tax
come on sorry breed with tomato and bone
it's really good it's like pizza without
cheese I'm gonna sell it what is this
like zucchini
yeah the Canadian parents yeah it made
it things like this hey don't push me
things and is so pretty good I don't
know why everything's showing up
