and so today we have a challenge in
Barcelona and I have no idea what we're
doing it's going to be a surprise
by the way quantity is daily vlogging
over on their channel which you might
have seen already and if you haven't
I'll link the channel down below so you
can like go watch everything it'll all
be out by the time you watch these
videos yeah it's like up there because
it's really hot and muggy and wearing
overalls and stuff just comfortable
clothes some convicts because we might
be doing some active work I have no idea
basically the people who when I think it
to like giveaway may be contacted
challenges or not continue challenges
continue trips or something like that
for the viewers but don't get your hopes
up because I'm not very good at
competition kind of things it's the
dumbest thing I think I lift my camera
on the couch at the hotel and we're back
who was it that else there except
thought someone stole it it was that
recipient
we're walking that way yeah there's a
big hill there is an actual lift wait
not worth elevator to get up this hill
thank God I don't have to walk up there
I'd walk down it
hey guys so now I'm heading out we're
going to a flamenco dance I think we can
really film but if they let us like film
a little portion differently include it
so I'm really excited to see that and I
think we have dinner and everything so
yeah it's such a good time and everyone
yeah it's really really lovely and I'm
getting along good with a lot of people
so I'm really happy and yeah I'm excited
like I think tomorrow we travel
somewhere near so even though I like in
love with bustle and I'm just so excited
to see what's like coming up next to go
to like the Vatican City and I used to
study a lot history it was my favorite
class at high school and I've wanted to
go ever since and I literally think I
would probably cry when I go in there
because I'm so excited I'm so weird but
I'm serious like I'm so excited I get it
down because I'm supposed to be down
there already so
they take responsible
but we're just about to judge this bar
it's like like a cool bar we're just on
our way and
because it's like the mythical and
fairytale
so we just finished the flamenco dancing
I was almost fully asleep it was really
cool it was just like really loud and
faintly and I was like play this like
try to keep my eyes open
and it's not a field the other youtube
is where the exact same we're opening
home now we're going to go out for a few
drinks but I think everyone's quite
tired and we will need to do some
editing and some work and some emails or
just gonna hit back for an early night
and it's Saturday - that's kind of
pathetic
I've never been to France I don't judge
me I no one wants to me today we're
going on the coach and we're going to
travel to me and frost so I'm excited to
go to Prague cuz I've never been before
I think I'd be really
merci beaucoup Nikesh so just stop too
little for each time to get some food
any global around and it's really cool
it was built by the Romans I believe and
all of the buildings are really old and
really turn our permit looking
legit want to get like dressed up as a
gladiator have I gladion encoding yeah
we should do that as a huge group like
all of us sisters read customs through
the day tighter in the food 2,000 years
old
so as you can see this is the wonderful
all amphitheater it was built in 1980 so
the Year 90 was booked 10 years after
the Colosseum in Rome
definitely massive amphitheater for the
Capitol they moved over here which is a
very poor we're just looking for
somewhere to eat at the moment there's
lots a little like stalls with basically
like grow cheese and sandwiches and
stuff like that so could we get some
blood but it's really really pretty it I
like it a lot so it smells even better
if it smells incredible if you don't eat
it all feel free to pass something to
eat
so I just got to my room we just arrived
in Nice France and the rooms are like
here it's good BB at this time and the
last one I had like to sing with I think
I forgot to show you guys so apparently
the like hotels motels in France and
known for being quite small so there's
like a beard and a little desk and then
I haven't looked in here yet I get a
full-length mer this time which is
exciting it's so cute
ok with the light oh so no one of these
things there you go so you go to Marina
basin hello shower and in the toilet so
yeah I'm excited but hitting out for
dinner really really soon so I was ain't
my camera along in LA get on the cart
I literally just set there rage because
I was so high it and I feel kind of sick
and I don't know why like I don't really
feel like I'm a cold or anything I just
feel like kind of wet on my stomach
maybe I'm treble sick I have no idea so
I was just kind of chilling on the coach
as you do it's really good it's like the
first time in a really long time and
being able to read a book like if you
watch my videos you know this actually
I've got a TMI tag going up so I don't
know if it's up yet or not
oh it's not ice in the tag like I never
really get a chance to read anymore
because once I start reading a book I
can't stop reading and I get nothing
done so it's quite cold beyond to read
really really pale then the sliding like
it goes and I'm slightly bit
you make one community to buy one
the potato how do you pronounce it okay
yogi yogi it's like potato imposter II
kind of stuff with based shoes I hope
you can see it's kind of so we just
tried to go to a table dancing place and
it was really busy so we're going to
find somewhere else to go no idea we
hated no idea what we are doing but Yolo
no just gets who by the feet I think
they could get
right
