morning guys so today is day one of my
little adventure I'm currently in
Auckland I'm about to go downstairs
check out and catch a shuttle to the
International Airport so today I'm
flying to Barcelona oh here's my
traveling outfit it's always freezing on
planes well I'm always cold so I'm
wearing a scarf so I can take that off
they get to warm a jumper which you can
also take off this jacket some black
jeans and my chucks and I'm really angry
because I forgot my bed socks I usually
wear bed socks on the plane so my feet
don't get cold and I've got my big red
luggage and my little carry-on as well
oh my gosh I hope it's not over the
limit because it feels freaking heavy
big big girls and that's it
everything's I'm just chilling here on
my computer now for a bit I can't get on
the plane for another like two hours so
nice and early because I hate being
stressed out about time so I just like
to get here way too early I look dude
why am i look like pink-purple I am
Singapore to give transfer flight of no
idea where I'm going so I'm trying to
find it helped it oh I feel kinda sick
got the worst you know I'm going to see
if I can find in panko somewhere as well
Wow hey guys excuse the appearance I
just washed my hair and it's looking
awkward but I'm just came down to
breakfast now - first coffee day of
Kentucky I'm sorry I really like you
today once I arrived in Barcelona I was
just exhausted we didn't do too much to
make the lunch on the beach which is
really nice and me everyone in the end
all that kind of thing so today's the
first proper day so I'm going to take
them with me and yeah I hope you guys
enjoy
national pride young Lydia so right now
we're heading to the Sagrada fam√≠lia at
Chapel yeah it's a big chapel designers
rolfe Ilya awesome he used the technique
we use when we're kids on the beach and
you'll know to wet sand he let the sand
Dibble through his fingers and create
these spindly sand towers on the table
and he was quite good it was what
natural looks like it's been built by
nature and man and he set about a vast
construction plan to build finally a
church but a cathedral for Barcelona
something that people can admire for
over generations
I don't know
here is the other side completely
different
well the bus
now we're just walking to the market to
go from the shop I need to find a cash
machine all I've got is my card and ID
are they going to be able to take credit
the law school so hopefully there is a
ATM at the place we're going to
oh it's a video of a video of a video
 ticket gave us two gifts we've
got a hoodie not a mark on the trail
clung to key it's not designed this one
and cheeky don't work good I got a water
bottle and just started pissing down
rain again probably my burger we thought
we'd avoided it for the day but
apparently no more latest this wood was
built out of mahogany in 1902
with the great Kirkpatrick
I did
well photos you can't really get it oh
you can hold it a total you back
Eulalia is the chrome patron saint of
lost boner and her story is very sad one
she was 13 years old back in times when
Christianity was allow the Roman Empire
she stood up in offended personality and
she was tried accordingly
the client being a Christian and the way
they decided to kill her was very very
ruthless they killed her using 13
different court reporter methods and
then finally they set fire to her and
then the legend is that when the flames
grew it started snowing in the middle of
summer and it covered a monastic modesty
lives even in this square or behind that
church there are 13 white geese they
come and go as they please but they
represent the 13 years as a new day
Leah's life
Wow and those geese that are in that
main square have been the same bloodline
of peace for 500 years
so they introduced this 13 geese and
then they've had children they walk
around
that legendre pathetic of artemis yeah
just a quick one
alright so I'm just saying Ella we are
now and then we're going to walk down
RIT into the literal heart of the Gothic
quarter this
how good is this work oh my god I wanted
all obstacles
oh my gosh my friend with dad how good
does this one look like what is that do
you know what that is
tires something this is cream cheese oh
my god yeah with blueberries all my god
don't even talk to me right so now we're
sitting on the ground and having our
lunch we just went and picked up some
stuff from the market some bread and
some chilies and some fruit super native
style that sounds weird
maybe a little sexual but no so we just
walked outside the market we got some
fresh figs some strawberries I'm gonna
hit Vic I'm jr. which is just full of it
she's like yeah we're that bad boy Wow
Chris and I basically finished my drink
it was pineapple coconut and it was
freakin amazing winter we did all that
get the truck over and excuse the awful
lighting I'm in the bathroom so I just
relax for a little bit and is it some
videos and sneaks up we have dinner
it's tapas is that how you pronounce
other freakin no I suck at pronouncing
stuff you guys know this already so yeah
I had a really good afternoon with the
girls and now I'm just going to freshen
up I've just hit a shower I haven't
washed off my makeup as you can see
because I'm just going to touch it up so
I think it looks too bad and no hitting
out that as I said and then might have a
few drinks afterwards and night for a
bit of a dance this sounds like
something in Auvers with it go for it
dance
oh yeah good she got some of the bars
and everything and I'm gonna take you
along of course being so much fun I love
Barcelona
you can't come to Spain though without
trying some famous tap us so tan alas we
I'm on the wrong side of the elevator
this is so wrong
so just trying to find our restorer at
the moment those look like hands
bounce that mother bounce at month three
power arrow so I think so we miss
speaking we didn't yeah it happens a lot
your darkness that lighting is so pretty
yeah yeah yeah with a guy here
we just got home from it clubbing it was
really fun it's still really early about
we have challenges tomorrow so I don't
want to get like smashed or anything and
actually a pretty sober right now which
is quite rare for myself I'm not going
to lie so got my alarm set I'm just
going to sleep now / I'm going to have a
quick shower and wash my face and stuff
and then yeah goodnight
