hey everyone so looking really straight
right now because I literally just wrote
out of you it's about 8:00 a.m. and I
thought for this week's walk I'd show
you like a day in the life kind of
following me vlog even though it might
be really boring because I really don't
do much that was something a bit
different so here we go this is my life
every morning sorry the house is an
absolute pigsty I have been working my
ass off to make it like all of these
videos filmed I have to basically print
them like a month's worth of videos and
you stay after I just had to stop
because I was so exhausted I was
literally like pulling it's like much
yet and all of my glands were real
swollen like they're still kind of ass
so I think I'm just going to kind of
take it easy a little bit and at the end
of the day if I don't get enough videos
done that I guess I just don't get
enough videos done certainly it's worth
all the stress so you know future is
supposed to be fun it's not supposed to
be like a chore so regardless at the
moment I'm just doing all my emails so I
just don't my emails and here's my
calendar or whatever so we are all done
now Italy people this is his favorite
toy so now I'm just gonna go shower and
then I'll show you what I make for my
breakfast smoothie when I can actually
be bothered making it so just her shower
put my face mask on just because my skin
is feeling really dry this is the Mario
Badescu I think that's how you pronounce
them it's the cooling and soothing no
not cooling soothing and calming mask
and it's basically for when you've been
using heaps and heaps of acne products
and your skin dries out and I find it
good just in general if I forgot really
dry skin is love curtains are down so on
to breakfast I'm trying to eat breakfast
because lately since I've been too busy
I just forget to eat and it's the worst
thing you can do and because of it I've
actually put on a couple kilos or a kind
of one or two kilos the shitty thing
about me is because I'm really small
like you may not think I am like hates
people think I'm really really tall and
they make me in real life be like oh my
gosh feels so small but because I'm so
small as soon as I put on like a kilo it
looks like ten kilos well not literally
but it looks like a lot and so he to
people lately have been like oh my god
Shannon you put on so much weight
like oh but I'm still eating really
healthy it's just effect I am
skipping my meals like crazy some days I
just hit dumbass some days I just have
lunch
I've just been awful and I don't
recommend it to anyone that's how my
body is just like stop that and I'm so
much hungrier than a time or whatever so
I ended up eating away more and it's
just awful so I'm trying to get back
into three meals a day plus snacks so
yeah I'm gonna show you my favorite
breakfast smoothie I'm not too worried
about putting on weight sorry like
everything saw me say I spilled water on
the bench yesterday so I haven't wiped
it down yeah it's not the worst thing in
the world I really don't feel bad if I
put on weight the worst part is just
other people speculating obviously look
at all the stuff in our fridge but to be
honest like if you ever put on weight
and you feel crap like please don't feel
crap because white does not define you
as long as you're healthy that's all
that matters and I'm sure most of you
are a lot better than I am at the moment
because I'm just not eating and it's
awful and Hamish told me off yesterday
zation and you need to make time to eat
I don't care what you're doing just stop
just make a snack
and then I need some berries I like
these ones and banana all right so these
are the ingredients banana coconut cream
almond milk some flex seeds some chia in
some berries check out all my flowers as
well
I got so many bunches of flowers when I
had a million subscribers
well these ones are starting to look a
little bit sad oh no they're not alright
Hamish got me these ones and like the
color of them so pretty much is this
filming yes pretty much
I just chuck in a whole banana and I
find that when I add banana it keeps me
full for a really long time
I'm not even very hungry at lunchtime
but I still try to make myself get like
a salad or something like that and then
some experience I don't really Michigan
ething so it's slightly different every
single time but it always tastes good I
mean some flex Aid and flex aid is
really good for fiber and then some Chia
you want to have good shares for your
spinach too
once it a phrase mine
snip it off in there and then a bit of
almond milk just to water it down a bit
and make it smoothie oh and then I
like to dump in a little bit of coconut
cream as well just for some good fats I
promise you it tastes good and I always
drink it with a pink straw oh my gosh is
so good if you guys like sweet stuff
you'll like this and the next step is to
sit on my camera and you're doing my
hair first because we're going to start
filming still at the camera and today
I'm going to do a photogenic tutorial
for that collection because what
collection competition if you live in
New Zealand
hey toilet if you live in New Zealand
you have to enter the competition
because I judge for it and it's a really
cool prize you get to like do modelling
stuff you get a photo shoot and you get
years with a collection cosmetics all
this cool stuff so today I'm going to do
quite a I think I might do like a little
eyeliner or something like that because
I love the glitter eyeliners and also
making it's like a how to take a good
selfie kind of video I always get people
asking like how do I take a really good
selfie like your selfies looks so good
I'm like stop against wrong trust me I'm
I die slow let you say I take photo of
my like makeup and take a selfie and it
was just no hitting every single photo I
look like a potato hey so I just went
with really kind of taste shouldn't me
see curls today and now I'm gonna film
my video so this will take about an hour
or so and then I might film something
else and then after that I'm gonna eat
it for the rest of the day and clear my
room as I've said owl Lou he's too much
flesh man for this I don't even want to
show you my room right you guys will I
be like what the hell is wrong with you
oh no I'll show you later but if now I'm
just gonna film
get this out of the way I'm really
excited to film this view I think it's
gonna be a good one so it's now 12:47
I really need to make myself some lunch
so I'll probably do that soon but for
now I'm going to edit some videos and
then clean my room or I might clean my
room first actually shall I show you how
easy it is I'm real
nervous by the way before I show you
look at my top it's not you it's your
eyebrows I love it it's from pagan
regions it'll link it down below so this
is a bit embarrassing I have been
filming so many videos for like you know
pre recording them for when I'm gone and
Europe in LA and this is what happens
when I filmed tons of videos there's
just boxes and baby wipes and rubbish
everywhere so this is my job to do today
the reason I haven't really been worried
about putting away my makeup is because
on Saturday I'm getting my new makeup
storage so like there's no point putting
it all away I might just chuck it in a
box for now well not chuck it gently
place my makeup in a box and then once
my new makeup storage comes then I can
kind of organize it all properly but I
really just need to declutter like I've
got so much junk everywhere just wanna
throw out all the rubbish and move on
with my life I really wanted gherkins in
my salad this is really really zoomed up
mmm I really wanted some gherkins
but last night Hamish was eating the
gherkins and he dropped the entire
friggin like jaw on the floor and it
smashed everywhere and now we have no
gherkins which makes me angry because I
really feel like again I might just have
some fruit for lunch cuz I don't really
feel very hungry but I still need
something but I don't which I should
know maybe just fell in and the fridge
is going on Shh thank you and he broke
the salt thing geez Hamish was on a roll
last night what's gonna break tonight I
wonder so I'm gonna have some shredded
chicken I bought this to try fresh
harvest family mix because it has carrot
and stuff in it and this is the only way
I like carrot if it's like chopped out
real small like this so I thought I'd
try it I'm gonna have some homemade
balsamic vinegar because it's like my
favorite thing whoops I just did way too
much and literally why do you have my
show huh why do you have my show what's
this
I can still see you you being a naughty
boy
hello what are you doing today huh what
are you doing
Susi look at your cute little mouth it's
got the cutest ludmil out out set you
can have yours first cuz you're
well-behaved loi out no sit stay stay
good boy physique this all gone all gone
no more okay anyway I'm gonna eat this
you guys need to listen to the song it's
the best song in the world so I finished
cleaning my room and it's still not
perfect as I said that they're there
they're there and they're all gone on
the weekends so there's not really much
point organizing at all I just kind of
put it away so it's out of my face so
tomorrow I can film and not be irritated
man that was kind of exhausting I hate
cleaning with a passion I like I don't
like nice but I'm not a clean freak at
all I've got this huge pot hole closed
never put away as well but we'll deal
with that later
hey everyone so today I am doing another
collaboration timeless this is something
I would wear on my own wedding day I'm
obsessed with it I just think it's so
beautiful everyone so today's video is
your natural beauty well my videos
export coz I'm editing at the moment ah
then we go into a toilet paper roll
Louie what's this he knows he's being
naughty hmm guilty face anyway please
excuse my art by the way it's like
getting really irritated my contact
slightly of being awful to my eyes huh
I am going to play roller coaster tycoon
well my videos export because it's so
much fun for some reason like when I'm
really stressed playing this game just
calms me down I know I sound really
nerdy right now but honestly it really
does look how pretty my room looks with
little fairy lights I've got the blind
down cuz it's like extremely sunny
outside this is well cut oh gosh it's a
bit fuzzy this is roller coaster talking
3 you can get it from the App Store if
you have a Mac but yeah it's just heaps
of fun
I just exploded this video here which is
a we'll be doing makeup tutorial did you
even hear me just think I'll just start
playing it yeah I'm really excited like
look how pretty this is there's a good
shot Grady I love it still important it
is now for 46
I've done like one video because there's
so much footage coming in and exporting
and stuff really you look so cute I'm so
exhausted I was gonna grow the gym with
Hamish my he's at the gym at the moment
but I'm just not feeling a hundred
percent I'm trying really hard right now
not to get myself sex I don't want to
put my body under too much pressure so
if you guys saw on Facebook how I said
I've been having like really bad sleeps
like nightmares and all this stuff and I
went to the chemists and got some
natural like anti stress and you and
your weird dreams and all this random
stuff but still here nightmares last
night I still didn't get a good night's
sleep so everything on my body at the
moment just feels a bit funny like so
glands headachy i just scold like half a
liter of water and i'd be doing that
like so many times throughout the day so
I don't know what it is just just got a
lot of my mind so I'm not going to the
gym so I'm just going to relax at home
in the warm decided stop working it is
currently 5:17 just finished up editing
and I think tomorrow I'll just film like
one video I got tagged to do the TMI tag
by this heart so I might do that
tomorrow and spend the rest of the day
editing and I have a photographer coming
over to do some interview stuff and even
I mean it I did it I'm even out of
breath right now it's really crazy it's
not we are going to go to see the second
Planet of the Apes and we are going to
go out for dinner so I'll take you along
and show you what I give to it I really
don't know what I feel like at the
moment so Wednesday
you can't see the sign there it is
I'm getting something
this is mine
I got joke go-go juice so I forgot to
film
I got chicken Caesar salad and hey bitch
got fishing trip
