everyone welcome to my kitchen but today
I am teaching you guys how to make one
of my favorite current solids I guess
basically it's the recipe for the koomer
cakes which kumrah is new zealand sweet
potato so you could probably make this
with like sweet potato I'm gonna try it
for you on camera
I'm so excited cuz I'm it even all day
it's currently 3 o'clock because it took
me ages to film this video and these are
actually very healthy as well they're so
good they taste really really good with
sour cream as well better joint heaven
here I seen how much to the grocery
store you get all this stuff me the
other night when I was sick and he
forgot sour cream
I was so cut up so anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed this video let me know what
you want to see is next week's vlog bye
for these creamer cakes you will want
about 3 spring onions if you like spring
onion about 4 eggs some Himalayan pink
salt or any salt you like baking powder
coconut milk some coconut flour a little
bit of parsley and a large creamer I got
two acts I thought I'd need two but only
needed one so first of all you want to
start by peeling your camera
you just want to chop up your comb right
and it doesn't have to be perfect we're
just going to be boiling it and they're
messing it up so the smaller you cut it
the faster it will cook
you want roughly two cups but you can
add a little bit more if you want I feel
like I could have gone with another cup
so just two or three cups of creamer
and then you just want to cut all the
cream round boiling water until you can
basically stick a fork through and it's
really soft so until it's cooked
make sure you drain these well and then
put them in the fridge just to cool down
because we want them to be cold before
we work with them while the camera cuts
down I'm going to separate four eggs and
you don't have to be perfect it's just
because we want to beat the egg whites
separately so they get nice and fluffy
so just basically separate them to the
best of your ability I'm not very good
at this and put the egg whites aside
then you want to whisk your egg whites
until they get nice and fluffy and quite
hard and you're going to mix this in
with the rest of the stuff last but I'll
show you that soon so while you are
waiting for the cream row to cool down
again just chop up the spring onions and
your parsley
everything or for the camera case is now
prepped and ready to be mixed in once
the kurma has cooled down so now I'm
going to show you what I like to put my
salad and it's so simple so basically
I'm just going to take a whole bunch of
lettuce leaves salad mix whatever you
want to use
I like to add in a few Tomatoes
sometimes I like to put in some Parmesan
cheese but I didn't have any of that it
tastes really really good though
and I love red onion I've kind of gotten
over that onion challenge that we did
over on Hamish his channel I'll put it
down below but basically after doing
that challenge I couldn't eat onion for
the longest time but I finally got
myself back into it and I love the taste
of red onion it's so good
for the dressing I'm just using some
balsamic reduction which I made myself
just by boiling some balsamic vinegar on
the stove until it was really nice and
thick and then I'm just drizzling that
all over my salad
now with your camera you can kind of mix
everything in apart from the egg whites
so your egg yolks a little bit of salt
and pepper if you'd like it and your
chopped up stuff and a little bit of
coconut milk I think I use just under a
cup and your baking powder and coconut
powder I mean what coconut powder
coconut flour
and then you want to fold in your heart
egg whites or as hard as you can get
them I kind of gave up so they're kind
of halfway hard halfway fluffy but it'll
do and then the last step is to just
pull up them in some oil and cook them
until they're heated through
this recipe is so yummy and it's even
better when you add in certain like
herbs and spices as well if you like
them to be a bit spicy and a bit of
chili powder so good I love these
avocado and kurma just go together like
the best things of us so I like to have
a big chunk of avocado and that is it I
like to add a little bit of balsamic
vinegar as well just over the patty just
to get a little bit more flavor and you
are done you can serve it and what dejoy
it enjoy it devour it I think that's
what I was trying to say I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I hope you give
it a thumbs up if you did and I'll talk
to you guys really really soon bye
