just got back from the gym isn't that
like an old-school vlog start I want to
start doing more vlogs like this you
know home vlogs I've been vlogging a lot
when I drove in since so finish you guys
know I've had such a busy month I
haven't had a weekend off in like a
month I think the last weekend off was
when I went down to kaikoura which was
so fun then I worked like the day before
and stuff so I'm just like so looking
forward to the speaking which is
tomorrow my finger really hurts I heard
at the gym we're not going anywhere
we're home for the weekend I'm so
excited I wanted just tidying and see my
friends and I'm so excited I think
tonight man Hamish is celebrating
anniversary because it was while I was
gone so we've officially been together
for five years so there's my I'm going
to make a smoothie I'm on antibiotics
because I was super sick this week I
didn't vlog basically like my vlog kind
of ended all of a sudden I'm so sorry it
ended all of a sudden on the end of
VidCon sorry I'm still a breathing part
after my panel and I did a vlogging more
I was so tired that day I hit a nap did
my panel we didn't hit another nap slept
all night I was so tired I couldn't
understand why and then it starts bent
from 6 a.m. till I got home at about
6:30 or 7 the whole jet was travelling
and I was really tired as well and
that's why I wasn't vlogging cuz I'm
just like holy crap I can feel even like
say stripe and then that night at like
9:30 I fell asleep and I keep waking up
all night sick like my glance was so
swollen woke up at like 10 a.m. the next
morning hit like the biggest sleep end
and then I was like any a perfect
video and I was like I'm fine I can work
today you know I just thought it was
like cold or something and then I went
in his head and then I was like oh okay
I'm feeling really sick so I got Hamish
to call me a doctor's appointment cuz
you know I can't talk on the phone
because I'm five years old and I'm we
went to the doctor like I had another
nap the movement to the doctor like
lunchtime or something and then I got
antibiotics and like all these
painkillers I got like codeine neurofen
because my body was in so much like not
pain so it was like pain but just sort
of the way I don't know like all my
muscles were just aching and then I had
like really bad headaches my throat was
killing me I couldn't swallow so like
I wanted to drink water but I couldn't
swallow the water it was really bad it
was really strange and I was talking to
Kato who was that but come with me well
not with me but you know we'll hang out
and she said that she was super sick too
and then I've seen a few people on
Twitter saying that that was sick so I
think something was just going around at
VidCon or like on the plane or something
and I just caught it real bad so I've
been taking antibiotics stuff never
smooth it this morning so I can take my
antibiotics and then yeah I'm gonna eat
it and film later but anyway that was my
story and also I went to the doctor a
couple weeks ago and got another blood
test because I like started saying
another vlog and didn't really like
elaborate so being so bitter blogging
because literally like my wife's just
been so busy my family member is not
doing well and I've just not felt myself
and I was like I need to go to the
doctor because I started putting on my
belly fish again and I was like this is
gonna be cold as all again like stress
because like lost in my head high
cortisol I like put on belly fat and
stuff so I went back and hit a blood
test and then when I was at the doctor
was made sure I asked and what the
results were and he's like yeah you put
us all like a bit high it's not like bad
bad like last time but he's like it's
definitely a little bit high
he's like understandable with the amount
you've been working lately you know it's
like and it's since we're behind it to
the gym but I just love the gym so much
so I'm like I don't want to give it up
so at the gym I kind of focused more on
just like muscle workouts and stuff
rather than just doing cardio for an
hour and a half but it'll definitely be
making me feel a bit funny last time
like it really like it's just a nasty
nasty thing to have if you guys have had
any guys never but anyway and then also
my b12 was a bit low and he was like
usually when people get an injection
like they spiked really will spike a bit
but you don't bike you just kind of
cruise so I'm gonna start getting b12
shots every six weeks and see if that
helps so I need a guide book they don't
know that I'm feeling a bit better
um and get ya b12 and stuff so anyway
it's a little life update with me what a
Smasher
not much so yeah stresses taking over my
life again I'm such a stress hustler
like I feel like if I'm not stressed I'm
not doing enough but it's such an
unhealthy way to live and then it
damages my house as you guys have seen
um like with my last Jani I think I
talked about it my blogs quite a bit
if you've watched my vlogs and if you
haven't you can probably search for it
and it'll come up somewhere
be it basically what it's all ruins my
life and I workout and eat well although
I had pizza last night you know you work
out you eat well but this hormone just
freaks you over so yeah um I love going
to the German actually makes me feel so
good and clears my head as you guys know
I took months off when I had my high
quarters on everything going back like I
just feel so good it's really helped to
take my mind off what's happening in my
family and it's just a good break from
like you know it is hanging on the
computer and stuff so I'm really
enjoying it sometimes I'm like sitting
there like I wanna go back to the gym
again like go twice in a day for my
dinner let's not get too obsessed it's
not healthy to be like that either
yeah so I'm focusing on just doing a
couple things that make me happy like
going to the gym trying to have more
sparse and stuff to like kind of unwind
and relax trying to have a bit more time
off my phone at night which is failing
really miserably I really want to do
more vlogs because I really love doing
vlogs I love doing my beauty videos I
miss vlogging as much as I used to I
don't think I can flog as much as I used
to like daily but you know I've said it
a few times I really want to start
blogging like two or three times a week
so I'm trying to get there but life is
terrible behind the scenes right now you
know family and stuff um so I'm just
doing my best trying to stay positive
and happy and do things I love and I
love to you guys I love me too you guys
that's why I've done so many made out so
I live just be like I need to take my
mind off my personal life so I've just
been like flying around Australia New
Zealand doing meetups and meeting you
guys so it's been really amazing and
honestly I haven't even opened your guys
gift she and I feel bad that life has
just been kicking my ass so I've got a
whole lot of guests and stuff from you
guys that I can't wait to like open and
read your letters and stuff I'm really
looking forward to it I just haven't
been in a very good mind space a lot of
the time and I just don't want to open
stuff if I'm not in a good mind space
although to be honest that might make me
feel good I don't know I just have been
so funny you guys know how it is anyway
I'm gonna make a smoothie and I showed
you guys this matches here I got an
another block I think I'm gonna have
some of my smoothie because with the
whole high cortisol thing I've been
to not drink as much caffeine because
it's really bad for you like kings not
amazing for you anyway some people were
like why not I'm like I don't know I
just thought it wasn't like it's like a
stimulant I don't know coffee is not
good for you is it I don't know you guys
can tell me otherwise anyways um I'm
gonna have some matcha tea it's kind of
like of being replacing coffee with it
here and there
I love tears you guys nurse or here's
the tab being using I completely
annihilated the seal when I open do it
so don't be like me that it's the
organic match to me
Metro tea if you guys have people
wondered what I use for a tripod where I
make my smoothies
like what I've been using for the past
two years or something a candle
literally that's why it always folds off
to I don't actually know like what I
have to put in a smoothie today because
I've been hit one in a while but I'm
just really not hungry and I need to
take my own tomorrow so I need something
substantial right it could be very
simple today well I had some what are
they called
um bananas but we don't have any left so
I'm gonna do some berries pale i remote
matcha meat here and I'm going to do
some protein powder
when I used matches here usually tailor
the smallest amount like half a teaspoon
or so like that much I don't know if
that's a proper serving amount I need to
check the website but that's what I do
when I have met YouTube by itself like I
usually just use water but in a smoothie
I'll use the milk cuz it just froze with
the other flavours video but if it's
just by itself
I don't like it milky but some people
like it milky and I had wanted a cafe
and they made it milky and I was just
like hmm I'm not like a big milky
flavored drink person anyway I listed it
spiced coffee like you guys know but if
it's like tea I don't like milky tea
that's a big way to put it
I'm also gonna put in a little bit of
flaxseed oil sometimes I take like the
tablets and I smooth oh this is really
good it tastes really nice like it
sounds like coarse like oil
hamish his ax and his juices and I used
to have it in juice when I had poops
hedgers it's quite expensive but it's
really really good for you especially if
you don't eat meat or fish or something
so yeah it's got me good 3m stuff in it
I've been using my little Mitchell
straws lately mmm the kale is stuck in
the straw please try it then again Oh
the lighting it's good if you like green
tea you should definitely try meditate
it's so good by the way if you're
wondering what was actually wrong with
me at the doctor I'm just some kind of
really bad flu but it gave me like a
infection like a kind of chesty throat
infection so this way I have to take
care to buttocks which is so fun time to
shower well my mum's car just got
totaled by someone okay so in my last
clip I was like showing a car accident
so my mum was in a car accident today
and that's why I haven't blogged all day
she's completely fine and the person the
other person is completely fine
basically my mum was just driving in a
hundred k zone and then someone to
u-turn did not see her u-turn straight
in front of her she tried to dodge them
slammed on the brakes
like clipped part of his car the front
of it I don't know
and then it flipped around and she
flipped and rolled and landed on the
fence really nicely which was strange
but she is so lucky that she's okay like
she's got a couple of scratches and
bruises obviously and she's shaken up
but she is okay like no broken bones
nothing like that so so amazing and then
I just spent the rest of the day with
her so I haven't been vlogging and it's
now 8 o'clock at night and me and Hamish
should finally go home right in diverse
region us we're just gonna go just me
chill at Lone Star
just something locate because man Hamish
are both pretty exhausted from the day
you know lots of stuff happening so I'm
so hungry because I forgot to have lunch
because of everything that was happening
with mom and everything so yeah I'm just
so happy she's okay like someone was
looking out for her today because
honestly like we've talked about all the
other options of what have happened and
none of them ended good so she's just so
lucky she's okay and the other pistons
okay he feels awful understandably but
he's okay so that's all that matters
really
I am getting the burger
and I get it was knowing egg and rib
sauce on the side to swim at it tastes
like a liquid coke bottle from you know
like the wall-e yeah it's really good
I'm gonna get the Moscow Mule Moscow
Moscow I don't know it even looks like a
coke bottle and then this was my one
yes the same it's good they like tiny
tight
do you guys oversee it's a coke bottle
lollies I don't even know that it's like
a Kiwi thing or a worldwide thing
yes really but it comes with that I've
just squeezed the coast was calling me
where's my fat dumpling hanging my fat
I'm playing and my skinny dumpling to be
home me home
hey you see he got this weekend hey you
what's this what's this oh my god I'm so
jealous can have a check oh my god oh my
god oh my gosh dinner was so good I mean
he's just so staffed whoops I couldn't
even eat my fries
I couldn't eat the top of my burger just
like split it in half Hamish struggled
with his I don't know it like we both
thought we were so hungry but no look at
that bum I mean going Suns been
destroying twice couldn't be Nueces I
bought Louie this beard on eBay it looks
like a hot dog and it really doesn't
look like a hot dog in real life but he
still loves it so much
iceweasel trick turd to the collar like
fluro green he's got flora green toys
that he loves too I'm probably imagining
things but he really likes it so this
wasn't a total fail either you get your
wish dish stretched TIFF great teeth
well done man hey mousse just make it
real food
it's my duty um so just gonna get a
beard watch movie and relax I feel
exhausted right now like did today even
happen it's just being absolutely crazy
so sorry isn't much today I was planning
on doing a lot more than what happened
but you know life happens and it wasn't
the best thing to happen today but
everyone's okay so it's fine um but yeah
I'm doing stuffs tomorrow so maybe I'll
do a bit of Logging's part today I tidy
up
getting rid of all of this and all of
that and so maybe it's a choice as well
this wardrobe was packed so went ahead
all of my stuff it was all patched like
this but it went all the way across whoo
cut it down by at least half I'd say
more than half to be honest this is this
way of helping by sitting on Hamish
jeans
a little tidy now except that obviously
does not look tiny tiny tidy you
vacuumed and everything made the bed
that's just there because I'm gonna let
my friend look through that I've got
like four wait one huge box for know
what a huge box of clothes one huge box
of shoes and three or four bags of
clothes I think it was four in the end
because it was one bag that I forgot to
say last time and there's probably
another bag in here once my friend
moochers is like you know two or three
things and Louise here I'm so hungry
what time is it 2:30 2:30 in the
afternoon so cute look at those ears you
a rabbit maybe the weather turn tapes
Luke wrapped her thought that with those
finally getting nicer because it's been
raining heaps lately but no it was
really sunny this morning
you
