everyone so i'm here with lillian today
and I wonder if I'll videos we got one
hour we did film like makeup videos
together us or if that already up or let
them down below the waist keep an eye on
both of our channels because they'll be
up soon yeah so today we thought we'd do
a little bit of a vlog just because we
have some spare time and I asked on
Facebook for some would you rather kind
of questions would you rather go without
a face makeup or eye makeup fruit day I
would rather not have my makeup me too I
think yeah even though like even though
even though i would say i'm confident at
times for my skin like i just said i
think that's a bit I don't know you know
what could be more I feel like the right
yeah if I only wear eye makeup I feel
like I look really strange yeah like
that like it looks really like it'll say
I probably just rather wear nothing
about it Susan would you rather be a cat
or dog I feel like a dog I feel like I'd
go be a cat because cats just don't
agree more you know like dogs they've
like staying like this section or like
who behaved yeah yeah but cats walk and
New Zealand at least case just kind of
roam around the streets and yeah it's
not be something to do today so huh no
but yeah I think dogs would be more fun
like I hope you just wanna go like yeah
he's going ahead would you rather never
be able to do your brows or Never the
abdomen lipstick brown meter I'd rather
never be able to do my brows I like
lipsy you can answer yes lipstick it's
just like my thing ok it is your thing
yeah I was just telling him before she
should wear so many amazing colors but
they're not it rocking for oh I like
this one would you rather date Chris
Hemsworth or Channing Tatum oh listen to
the truth he's such a babe Oh family I
did you see it in full that seem right
oh is that Liam no that's Chris that's
crazy fool for Ohio yeah I waited for
for which I wanna do you rather
have hiccups for the rest of your life
or have the feeling that you need to
sneeze big companies sneeze sneeze yeah
they'll be so annoying oh but yes I
remember bet enjoy reading the Guinness
World Book record and there was this
person that head that's for like 50
years or so I think
think I'm now breathe out my gosh i plus
like imagine taking off like it's like
it have it lykke were compulsory we were
at least a mistress videos you might be
able to like ignore it yeah get used to
it yeah exactly I don't know would you
rather be lost in a foreign country or
lost on a beach foreign country because
I can explore yeah it's going to save
each player fine Patrick is the least
thing you can let go yeah fine using
yeah yeah like you know this food and
stuff there but what ms certification
with ya would you rather be killed by an
ant army or a line with no causal teeth
and Tommy I don't know cuz i ply can't I
don't go slowly than a line off if in
line doesn't have claws or teeth how's
it going to kill you like it like body
slam you or something true that reminds
me of that scene in Jumanji 10 essential
ones yeah I like I would die if I was
attacking me about just but I think I
would die before but I think I'd rather
die by Elijah share just cuz it's more
impressive like my answer just 50 so
slow and painful yeah that's true don't
do only until you do I would you rather
have app its neighbor piss by the snake
it is an egg oh I think it would be
really cool difficult oh yeah oh no I'm
scared but then i'd rather have that
than a spider crawling over you like
skill is silence no spiders not my fight
yes like I've course next orbit I'll go
with Nick plus if it's a pet snake it's
going to be hang on to be a venomous
fear yeah true would you rather have no
here at all or be really hairy I'd
rather be really here listen you collect
remove the hair that you want to remove
would you rather have no eyelashes or no
I girls I think I've had I've like
highbrows really because then you can
just draw a long yeah oh yeah cuz I feel
like if you had knowledge doesn't be
really hard to put on false ones anyway
yeah like you do feel like we wear what
they talk to ya yeah cuz I always just
like chuck them on top of mileage yes
would you rather go without makeup for
the rest your life or hip make up to on
your face forever I could totally go
without makeup through smile I think I'd
rather have it tattooed on yeah
something you been interested yeah sorry
to wake up John oh yeah just so that if
you are going to an event or something
at least
something yeah I don't know yeah I could
do either if I get your butt oh yeah
would you rather lose all of your
youtube subscribers or all of your
videos that's a habit that's much fun
because I'm like we've put so much up
into the videos for the same time I
think I'd rather lose my videos because
I'd rather have my subscribers early
yeah you can just create more videos and
I possibly have a little hard drive
anyway yeah would you rather lipstick on
your teeth all day or a very obvious
finish line that's hunter I think I'd
rather have lipstick on Monty yeah I
mean I think that's happened to all of
us and he just happens yeah well at
least it's more like acceptable having a
look split the lizard lipstick we're
getting there like you're straight yeah
because if you like that it's just like
a makeup no no no people cheer yeah but
if it's on your taste it would ya is it
poisonous ideology because of this brand
always gets on my teeth would you rather
no sense of smell or no sense of touch
smell brother Moses yeah oh my gosh them
and then hope that I never stuck because
on yeah I'll to empty the puffy boy yeah
every day all day err day would you
rather than make up listen with Kelly
Osbourne or when goes wayne goes yeah oh
yeah would you rather sing in front of
tea a hundred thousand this is really
hot would you rather sing in front of a
hundred thousand people or where the
same clothes for a month including your
underwear Oh completely seeing in front
of my other favorite without homework oh
just like rock my bad boy like you're
not saying I just rock it I get like
virulence nearly yeah because I think
man good girl i look at this girl she
cannot say would you rather eat
McDonald's for a week or Burger King for
a week okay p.m. / the Kings the healthy
option open it's really quite healthy
yeah I hate back doors what I hate it
but I'm not a fan I haven't had my
daughter Cynthia diamond which really
yeah that's impressed cuz I have it
every Friday really which has been my
feet venezia would you rather be
allergic to make up or your favorite
food favorite food favorite video cuz he
doesn't you and my favorite food is like
that many ways would probably be a good
thing yeah sure we can rather fly or be
invisible invisible hello creature but
you probably find out a little stuff you
wouldn't even want to know yeah like
they're going will be sad
what if people talking about that you do
like I know you just always really you
know some things like just yeah it's
like not being alive it's just better
that you can give a five year thank you
know yeah but they don't apply do with
culture I'll quote cream and i thought i
would you rather be buried alive or
burned alive oh my god it's super bowl
pulley Barry hurricane burned because I
think it would be faster would you
rather head love and be broke or rich
with no love I'd rather be broke yeah oh
this is a good one ok this is the last
one would you rather eat chocolate they
taste like vomit or eat vomit that
tastes like chocolate ah Oh God not of
them Oh equalness I have such a fear of
all money i think i have like whatever
did happen yes like a moment foot bill
just yeah I need to think I've phobia
well you'd probably ate the vomit
flavored chocolate in because at least
it don't want to look like oh yeah what
are you looking at the peaceful alright
so that was a little vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it sorry about the lighting
as I say it's really really bad today
that's ok it was worth it yeah so make
sure you get over to a boolean channel
i'll link it down below make sure you
subscribe and we will see you soon oh
look body
