yeah but this is just really good for
like hey everyone so say I'm gonna do a
cheek strip teach it
samia's simila this lipstick is just
going everywhere let me know what other
brand and one brand tutorials you would
like to see as well
I've just got home I got it I've got an
elf one I don't know if it's IPA tour
next is a script too high if you like I
look a little bit oiler I feel like they
also have like rasberry and another
couple I can trim it so I meet you name
it I'm like and I've also got a few
others and I've also got a few other
scenes I'm sure my other videos what the
video feel like my gums look really
yellow except to say tomato soup is
literally this is this tastes like one
this things like this is the Nozick rate
but hopefully I'll still get some oh
that's really pretty too
and oh the oh wait no yes and I'm just
gonna put and I'm gonna put this on my
lips no joy blush and innocence and come
and it comes with Touche what would you
pick in yours let me know if you think
OCC lip tar OCC lip tars come so
basically this is just a little bit so
basically this is just like and then the
other shade I got is called velvet plum
across the room okay I'm like so I did a
really nice big thick liner with a lot
of heavy just that dark copper I mean
not copper there duck cool turn there
let me know what your most recent
high-end purchase was heads at what okay
using a Beauty Blender you get a lot
more product a lot much a lot and the
quality is a and the qualities and the
other one that I caught caught Pokemon
master a pencil this is kind of like a
jumbo eye pencil by next but this is in
the this one is in the shade of vanilla
so all I did was I filled in my brows
with my Nastasia ability
another lifts lushly Blair tongue-tied
wearing that color there mixed with the
node like and then I hit that everything
is like a perfect color to go for so I
can round it like Mac it's 2:30 and they
haven't eaten yet I'm really hungry and
then we have pure dumb pure dumb I
usually use it for like Halloween makeup
whites and that's it minutes why it's so
empty
why am I gonna here so I wrote to my
around my thumb how long has there been
there all right be back soon okay I'll
be back soon all right be back soon it
sounds so lame I know it sounds weird
but you just want to take a look
