hey everyone so today I'm here with
Hamish hey guys and we're gonna film a
question-and-answer together I'm sorry
if this seems kind of rushed just
because it's getting really really dark
outside like by the second it's getting
darker so this might be a short one but
I asked on Facebook for you guys to
leave me some questions Titus with
Hamish and we've got 400 or 500 or
something so we drove here is your
brother's single I think they need me
then oh yeah yep even single if Shana
was upset what would you do to cheer her
up and vice-versa I don't know depends
on what she was upset about if it was
like something that was really fitting I
guess I'd just like hug her and sit by
her and try and be nice through it but I
don't really know what else she does try
and think of positive things you're near
upset so I don't do anything dear that's
right
how old are you both I'm 21 I'm 25 Oh
grandpa when you guys planning on having
a fifth kid I don't know why my mom
forgets you know whatever I'm just gonna
be out of focus in this video okay what
when are we gonna hit that food is
cooked I don't know at the moment Chenin
still young and I'm happy just doing
what I'm doing when do you think I don't
know probably like four or five years
yeah it'll be a while away yeah it won't
be anytime soon we're in no hurry and
you know you can have kids whenever
whenever it feels right I suppose yeah
when you guys argue how you resolve the
issue what are these questions I know
it's like relationship advice is that
one of those oh okay I don't know you
answer this one I answered the last one
a dinar we're just trying to talk about
it I suppose
yeah you just talk it out and then try
and see it from the other person's point
of view I guess sometimes you're never
gonna agree on anything so you've just
gotta yeah that's the case we pretty
much just make each other laugh and the
wicked over ourselves are you guys gonna
get a cat no we're not gonna get one got
two dogs why would we get a care like we
love cats but that would be cruel
because it would just get terrorized by
our puppies if you won Waldo caramel
jackpot which is like 25 million at the
and how would you spend it how would you
spend it I would buy a house and all in
like a really nice house there's
probably like 2 or 3 million gone I
would probably go on holiday and then
take the rest
yeah or invest in my business I'd buy a
couple houses anywhere in the Mount to
people and live off the rent money
that's what I probably do one house yeah
I did that I'd buy a few more houses
just write them all out and you'll
probably get like how much did they say
25 million you know a lot of houses for
then mm yeah 25 millions of shit low
yeah obviously people at houses in pommy
units like 250,000 yeah like cheap ones
but I think I'd probably get like a good
care of something like that as well
oh yeah get a mingi I feel like a sports
car and you I could porch or something
do you pluck Hamish his eyebrows no you
won't let me I just think they turned
out bad what is the sort of right look
there no but what's this month I just
imagined my eyebrows on your face what
would you do with them if you plant them
just like these are the ones underneath
up here all right we can see how should
it turns out when she does it and I
blame you more because you always gone
about it what are your favorite hobby to
do together we're like going to the jump
shopping shop yeah why am I not for this
is a so annoying
it's like focusing on your face about me
the focus is on the person with the most
friends we also like exploring places
it's like yeah try many places we have
lots of food places together yeah and
we're going to like lots of walks and
stuff when are you guys gonna get
married so knows what's the best time
you have had being a couple often yeah
in general was amazing what kind of dark
it's getting probably living in Auckland
what else have we done today it's been
fun we weren't really done much yet but
we're going to being together a couple
years got a lot of stuff so there's
either like we've never travel to either
even yet well we have an end time off
work or anything I have an end time off
work
yeah and when we had time off work it
was for moving wasn't it do you pluck
his back here that's so sick you know
and Becky no not yet he's only got
that's what are your other favorite
youtubers
mine would be Caspar Lee our prison or
her master we watch blondie hipsters my
ome that's not really a youtuber though
that's a good channel yes I suppose it
still counts I've got tons heaps of my
favorite two listed on my main channel
like all my other channels to watch it's
some of beauty people I don't really
watch many non Beauty people anymore
because I'm always so busy like filming
and it is singing stuff so don't
actually like watch a lot of YouTube and
when I do it's usually like Beauty
people what is one thing you dislike
most about being a youtuber I don't
really dislike anything to be honest
that's what do you dislike maybe like
the editing part sometimes like usually
I like everything but sometimes just
cannot be bothered and sometimes it's
just like really tedious and like yeah
it's painful to do for Shannon she's
doing all the time yeah I'm not really
doing it that much I'm really I'm doing
like one video a week affair so it's not
it's not really bad for me yeah it's
it's better for me like if I'm pre
recording stuff for like while I'm going
to be gone for a week or two like
overseas somewhere yeah it sucks because
I'll be like editing like you know teen
videos and a week or something and it's
like describe me in three words are
these all like but it's just like a
relationship Q&A oh I just did almost
filming a Koosh knots with you and
people were just asking about us okay
I'm hard-working passionate and
beautiful oh okay yeah the reason like
these they saying it's all about kids
marriage engagement house some spam so
as you can see it's getting really dark
in here I'm sorry if this video wasn't
pretty good but we did have a stir
yeah I'm pretty tired I'm just going
from work as well so sorry I find out
like oh yeah it's only five o'clock at
night and it's like getting really
really dark so kind of sucks but hope
you guys and what was there you're fine
well hopefully you guys enjoyed this I
hope you guys had a really good weekend
and we will talk to you soon so yeah
