hi everyone so today is our first purple
day in Australia
we're here with Nana and granddad and my
cousin Ainsley who you're probably
saying before and yeah we're heading to
see what
is how you see it
we're about to go when I felt like blue
to get and bringing to justice oh that's
funny
so today is day two so we are just going
to a relaxing day since yesterday
included a lot of walking my
grandparents will have a bit of a
quieter day today so they're going to go
just chill out walk around have a look
at the parks we're going to a rodeo
thing tonight so definitely vlog that
and as you can see I'm wearing a face
mask right now yay
hey guys so it's not Thursday
and we're going on a like I think it's
like a boat thing canal I don't know
we'll sit as well as just doing some
relaxing I got for lunch and I'm gonna
go get a couple tattoos
opponent in a Cadillac sit on 20 G's
thinking on a block an absurd thing
together
yes
you
yeah yeah
Jim
yeah
the Cadillacs
