hi everyone so today I am doing a
question and answer video I don't know
what to do for this week's blog so I
just thought I'd keep it nice and simple
because let's get really good feedback
when I do these so I guess you guys must
like them you prefer blue or black ink
pens totally blue I used to hate using
black ink pens in my books I would like
just refuse to write when are you coming
back to Australia I am going to
Australia the week effed way your the
week after next week I think I'm going
out for a week but I won't be doing any
meetups or anything like that because it
is 100% purely family if you do see me
feel free to say hi though but basically
me and my cousin are shouting my nanny
on grenade over to Australia we bought
it for their Christmas present because I
don't know they just get old and they
can't afford to go over to Australia by
themselves so we thought we would shut
them oh man we're gonna hang out with
them just them and their two grand
daughters and have lots of fun and we're
just gonna do lots of fun stuff and I'll
probably do some follow me vlogging and
stuff like that if you're interested my
kids if so how many and what would you
name him don't know what I'd name them
because all my favorite names some of my
friends have called their kids so it's
kind of like awkward but I would
probably have two children I think - I
don't think I'd want more but I don't
want one because I was an only child so
I don't know I've always kind of wanted
more than one could have any pet in the
world with no complications which animal
would you choose so like if anything was
legal I guess I would choose probably
either a slow loris as that would be
cold or one of those little green dead
monkeys with like the cotton top you
know the cotton top monkeys whatever
they called I don't know I like the
cutest things in the entire world so
yeah if he ever been to the UK yes I
have I've been to England in Ireland
what was your first makeup products and
brands technically it was a pellet that
my mum gave to me because I trashed it
it was like a really little kid it's me
when I was quite young I was probably
like 11 or something like that but I
never used like on a day-to-day basis it
wasn't for that it was just because I
ruined it so she gave it to me and it
was an Elizabeth Arden palette and it
was like that big sorry I've got to
and it was like that big it was huge
you're either have your hair your makeup
done if you could only pick one um well
I posted something on Facebook like that
the other day and I said out of it
clothing makeup in here I would pick
nice clothing and nice here cuz I don't
actually wear makeup every single day
but I mean then I'm contradicting myself
because today I haven't done my hair
I've only done my makeup so I don't know
I probably still pick hair like even
though I barely do anything with it I
hate it when my hair looks like Missy
Gracie and stuff like that so I don't
list rather just have like washed fresh
not free hair then putting on makeup I
don't know if that makes sense
but if I could just wear my new natural
like this we're technically I haven't
really done anything with that then
makeup what is your favorite Doritos
flavor I don't really eat Doritos I just
like the plain cheesy ones I think the
only time I even have doritos as if I'm
making like homemade nachos or something
which I really don't make that often I
probably made like whatever but yeah
okay now I'm going to switch over to
some Facebook questions it's your second
time a bigger than your big toe I love
that question um no it's slightly
smaller I mean what my big toe is the
biggest and they might stick into a
slightly shorter than my big toe you
give up faster during a video and had to
either sit out so I could ask you but
you asked for and them they got a lot of
thumbs up um no I don't think I ever
have would you give it to a drag queen
in that makeup tutorial yeah Oh would
you rather lick peanut butter off a
hobos foot or have tomato ketchup on
everything for a month um hello I'm a
New Zealander we have a tomato sauce on
everything anyway not everything a lot
of things I hate peanut butter and I
don't want to look anyone's butt I would
100% rather have tomato sauce and
everything that is totally doable do you
fold or scrunch your toilet paper I fold
if you couldn't make out what product do
you think would taste the best
interesting um I can't think of anything
that would taste good I don't know maybe
my herelet bomb there's probably like
the closest to like food I don't know
yeah probably lip balm are good would
you drive a big band from New Zealand or
be banned from the rest thought oh
that's really hard I love traveling but
I would probably have to say I'd rather
be banned from the rest of the world
because music
is home and yeah it's just home what
makeup style does Hamish prefer you to
wear or does he like it when you wear
makeup he it likes every makeup look I
do here really like he'll come home and
be like I love that makeup look you put
on and stream today but he prefers when
I wear like BB cream mascara brow gel
like real simple makeup he loves simple
he doesn't like like this he will say on
my gosh that's really creative and
really cool but he still prefers like
simple no makeup makeup well just know
you hate and smell your love the first
thing that comes to mind I hate the
smell of carrots and I love the smell of
tea tree oil which is really strange the
internet and makeup were never created
what career path would you have taken
well I was going to say a web designer
because that's why studying Twitter that
there is internet based um probably I'm
not quite sure like I wanted to be like
a marine biologist I wanted to be a vet
and everything but then I think I'd hate
to be in the position to like put down
animals like anything like that I really
have no idea because even like if it
wasn't YouTube as my job most of the
things I wanted to be have something to
do engineer I guess photographer would
be the closest thing I could get to
without being there even though
photographers put a lot of photos on the
Internet
yeah I'd probably do photography would
you rather be bold or have no eyebrows I
would rather have no eyebrows because at
least then I could draw them on if it
done legal hives and I you glad they not
let you anymore no I've never done legal
highs I don't do drugs
I haven't done dry but it's crazy for
something that was legal at the time it
seemed like it was worse than a lot of
drugs out there I don't know I don't
really I don't know much about I dropped
a research or anything but I am glad
that they banned now okay I totally just
lied I totally drink alcohol oh hello
son nice to meet you you know what do I
do
this is creepy okay can you hear that
that music box just goes off by itself I
swear every goes to my room
I'm not seriously oh my gosh now what do
I do
can you see this right now if you could
wear one lipstick for the rest of your
life what would it be probably next like
level lipstick in India because it just
goes with everything I wear and I love
it and always have loved it let's do
extra beauty line how did you go about
that you never really said well I have
to sit before lots of people asked me to
do a video I'm like how to start your
own company but literally like you can't
like I didn't know how to do it and if
you want a head like your own business
you need to think business that you need
to think about how you're going to
approach things you need to be able to
problem-solve you need to be able to
think of how you know to go around
obstacles and things like that so
basically it's a little switch to my
brain and I told myself I'm gonna make
my own makeup brush line because it's
something I've always wanted to do but I
always told myself you can't do that
that's too hard like how are you even
going to do that and then all I did was
I started doing a ton of research I
already knew obviously what I wanted
because I know what brushes I like and
you exactly what I wanted to them to
like feel like to exceed or etcetera
I just don't a ting people I started
making connections I just did all that
kind of thing and then eventually I just
taking samples and then I altered the
samples and whether it's really gonna
think outside of the box and I don't
know like just go for it there's no like
Chiklis there's nothing that I can say
to you like how to make her in business
that's going to help you literally just
have to believe in yourself problems so
go for it
just ask lots of questions do a lots and
lots of research just yeah that's all I
can tell you really but yeah that's how
I went about doing my own makeup line
brand line if so beauty line there we go
that's what I mean if we go back
brunette yeah but now I love blonde way
more what's your favorite way to eat
potatoes um probably witches I'm gonna
do a couple more things do you see
yourself
spinning the rest of your life with mush
mush vlogs well I bought a house with
him so I got lipstick on I think I will
be with him for a very very very long
time you like on your tacos salsa
lettuce cheese tomato
oh and saccharine coffee it's a Korean
pancakes a waffle this ebony even had
like two waffles my whole life and they
were in London and they were amazing
like on the main like teams were god I
can't remember this is embarrassing
anyway and they had like syrup and
whipped cream and chocolate and stuff
all over them they were amazing like oh
my god would you even tire here we'd
definitely I feel like if I even go a
bit dark Reed will be the first thing I
try out that would be like different I
don't think it would be like um not at
would actually I would go to really
vibrant like bright rate but I would
make sure it was like temporary today I
probably just go like a dark burgundy or
something I love that kind of color and
so I hope you guys enjoyed this random
question of that so video and if you did
please thumbs up and feel free to share
and talk to you really soon bye
