hey everyone so today I thought I would
do something a little bit different I am
going to do a high schools to viable kit
and all I mean by this I don't know if
this is a relevant name for the title of
the video I hope it is but basically
it's just something I used to do when I
went to high school and it's just like a
whole lot of little bits and pieces that
I used to take with me in my handbag or
in my school bag just for like you know
just in case situations if you want to
be that friend that everyone can count
on that
always got something that people need
and that's that toys got something handy
you need to put one of these together so
basically I just chucked all the things
that I'm talking about today and a
little I guess looks like a makeup bag
you could use like a little pencil case
whatever you want whatever you have you
can use something smaller than this as
well if you want because some of the
stuff I have in here is quite big but
even so this whole thing only weighs
probably maybe 200 grams 300 grams
because I know how much it matters when
you go to high school you've got all
those heavy books tick the like around
every little gram and your bag messes so
yeah this isn't too heavy so you don't
have to worry about that and if you've
got a big bag it's not gonna take up too
much space but yeah you can definitely
use something smaller so first of all
because I wear glasses / contacts I have
a pierced big busts in here I can't tell
you the amount of times my contacts just
absolutely killed my eyes I was just
really thankful to be able to just grab
my glasses out and take those things out
and just relax my eyes a bit I'm sorry
if you are a glasses wearer you want to
put them in there or if you wear
contacts it's just a really good idea to
have some backup visionary devices by
the way these are what brand
these are Ravens these are actually
quite affordable they look like this
while we're on this theme I'll also show
you I always bring an extra contact you
know how it is if you a context you know
getting some dust in here I was
something or your contact just
irritating your eyes sometimes it's just
two older you need to change it
sometimes you'll contact my break that's
happened to me a couple of times so it's
always good just to have a spare backup
contact same thing goes just where do I
like no matter if you're high school or
not it's so good to anyone
in your black purse one in your car or
anything like that I always have spare
contacts laying around also some eye
drops with the you wear contacts or not
the real handy at school we have
focusing on things for a really long
amount of time and you just want to like
kind of refresh your eyes a bit eyedrops
work wonders and they're just really
hydrating and refreshing and stuff and
also everywhere I go I always bring a
little context case and I always make
sure that it's of course got some liquid
inside of it so as I say if I need to
take out my contacts for any reason at
all I can just take them out and pop
them in here and they'll be safe and
good to go next I also have a mirror
this one here is a leo Ali one but
obviously you can definitely find one
smaller than this but this is like the
smallest one I could find
so check that in there I'm not the kind
of person that carries and makeup around
unless it's just like my look product
because whatever lipstick I'm wearing
I'll just chuck in my bag but one makeup
product I always found helpful having
lying around was concealer and the
reason it's so good is like if you're
wearing sunglasses and your makeup comes
off your nose you can always just touch
up with a little bit of concealer if it
wipes off around your nose or people
your nose and around your mouth you can
just touch up touch up touch up and I
just think it's really handy and a lot
more convenient than carrying around
like a massive foundation bottle this
one here is called a coverall mix by
makeup store and I love it so yeah and
then the lip balm it's always handy to
have lip balm if not for you one of your
mates might be desperate for it so this
one here is really good if you're going
to be sharing because you can just like
wash your hands and like have some and
it's not like going look tulip you know
this is the Nivea lip butter and vanilla
and macadamia it's my favorite one from
this line it smells so good or if you
just want something for yourself her old
it bumps on my ultimate favorite this
one here is the night treatment what I
just really like it because it's really
really really moisturizing I can
guarantee you one day during high school
during the years at least one time you
or one of your friends is going to be
desperate for one of these a liner a pad
or a tampon so it's always good just
have a couple Spears and your back just
for any you know unforeseen experience
you know what I'm trying to say it's
always really handy to have them lying
around
and if it doesn't help you out it'll
definitely help one of your friends out
at some stage this is a random but I
used to carry around a bit of tooth
floss let's go sir tooth paste tooth
floss you never know when you're gonna
need it sometimes you know when you're
eating your life stuff it's just it's
just better to have it there just in
case it makes you feel a lot cleaner you
know just being able to like floss your
teeth or whatever same goes for mints or
you could take down life of your mints
it's really good to have during the day
if you feel like you need a bit of a
spruce up or by your friends if you need
to hint to someone here's hi always
always bring it here tie with you if you
don't need a one your friends will
especially during gym class and
everything I always forgot to like tie
my hair gym day so it's always good
coming a spit in my bag same with bobby
pins
they are always handy a little bit of
something for if you're not feeling like
you smell that good or something these
perfumes are really handy to check in
your bag just because they are really
small they don't take up much room at
all and they don't weigh anything this
is a Taylor Swift made of starlight
musical edition and Taylor by Taylor
Swift like I don't know where you cool
it it's like a mini perfume with a
little rollerball and then you can just
like roll it onto your wrists to worry
about YUM
hand cream this is a rather big hand
cream for a bag I would normally take
something smaller but this was the
smallest one I could find you definitely
can find like really mini ones this is
one of my favorite ones it's the oily
rich from the old paradise light sheet
and pomegranate scent and it's so good
and it it hydrates so well and it
doesn't leave your hands feeling oily
something I used to do during high
school I liked you just be sitting there
at a boring class listening to the
teacher it's always good just to have
something to keep you occupied
good to moisturize your hands and just
just just hand you band-aids
always always have band-aids with you
even if it's not for a cast or anything
it's always good for someone gets
blisters or something like that pen it
all really good of course if you get a
random headache during school when your
friends dies or you know period pain or
anything like that it's always really
really handy to have thin strips those
or throat lozenges whatever you call
them from where you're from throat
lozenges are really good to have with
you I just cut one off and just pop it
in there because
I cannot tell you how many times during
high school especially during winter I
would come up with a random sore throat
during the day so it's always just
really nice to have something to soothe
your throat I always always always keep
like an extra dollar or two and one of
these little cuts they're really really
handy if it needs like grab a bus
somewhere after school or if you forgot
all of your lunch money or inflamed your
friends needs a bus or parking money or
water water but it's just good to have a
little bit of change laying around so
there's everything that is in a my
little high school survival pack / you
could use this with a urine normal
school or uni or adult life what would
you pick in yours let me know if you
think I missed something let me know
down below in the comments and I hope
you guys enjoyed this video please
thumbs up if you did I just wanna do
something a little bit different and
yeah have a really amazing day and I'll
talk to you soon bye
