everyone so today I'm doing a random
topic vlog for this week's vlog I asked
on Facebook for you guys to leave me I'm
sorry if my eyelash it's like coming off
I just put an eye drops and it's like
I'm doing itself now because it got wet
it's probably gonna keep flicking off
during this entire video so I'm sorry
about that so you guys that left me a
whole lot of random words and topics and
questions on my recent shank so status
opposed / by the time you watch this I
was able to go but just just roll with
it so I'm going to answer some of these
for you today so one of the top rated
post breastfeeding in public I know it's
like completely I I don't understand it
it completely stirs up a big thing I'm
really not into a good start say I
cannot think of anything like I can't
think of the right describing words
people get really angry about
breastfeeding in public but I personally
couldn't care less I mean a baby's gotta
eat and its natural like I know like the
mum could go to like a separate room
somewhere or something but why should
she have to um I mean we're all bricks
fit for a bit so whatever I don't really
care because I mean I'm not gonna see a
lady breastfeeding in the corner and
just stare at her like she can do a
thing and I'll carry on with my own
business I don't really care where I
want to be in five years time from now
hopefully I'll be back in Auckland I
really want to move back to Auckland in
a few years time hopefully I would have
I don't know accomplished small things
in my life I really want to expand it so
beauty I'm looking into like a makeup
brand all that kind of thing but it
takes a lot of time I don't know I just
I don't know I just hope that I'm happy
and you know triple toe around your
local area hell no I'm sorry but if I
told you know or like the Internet where
I live that's so dangerous even if it's
just my area that's so dangerous and
sometimes I see people like oh I know
where Shane lives and they like write
down like the suburb and stuff I'm sorry
oh I mean his illegal comments because
that makes me feel very unsafe like no
one should share where they live on the
internet and I have some crazy people
following me I'm sure it's not if you
guys
I do so I really don't want to share
exactly where I live that's okay but if
you're wondering like about my city and
everything made my boyfriend's vlog a
lot on his channel like to follow me
blogs and stuff and I will do a full of
me on this channel at some stage
sometime soon I only really do follow me
as if it's something real interesting
about Haymitch on his channel just vlogs
us going around the city and doing stuff
so if you want to see you know where I
live you can look I really a weird dream
I have had I think I might have said
this is one of my old old old random
topic blogs like and it was about
zombies and basically it was me and my
best friend trying to get ready for
school
but there were all these zombies
everywhere and like they kept trying to
stop me from winning school like they're
trying to kill me obviously but I was
just trying to get ready for school I
keep forgetting things I was like
forgetting my bag and forgetting my book
so I had to like keep running around my
house trying to like Dajjal azam B's
trying to like grab my stuff and get
ready and get to school on time cuz I'm
like real freaked out about being late I
even have dreams about being late and
like it's like a nightmare like full-on
night net and headaches so much in the
night wake up obviously oh thank
goodness that was a dream
I am literally that weird anyway and
yeah I used to have that same zombie
dream like every single night for like a
couple weeks until one night my friend
was staying over and that was the last
night I had that dream because I finally
killed those zombies and what I did was
I just smacked them on the back of the
head
Cavanaugh's is my arm or my spade or
something just hit a spade and I woke up
and my friend was like why did you just
hit me so yeah that's for me the
craziest dream
oh no there's another one which I think
I've also talked about on YouTube before
and it was me at my old straight release
live around like a cold sex like and no
exit street and I was like tricycling
sort of work trucking you know might
rustical three wheels and I was like
tracking around and around it was like a
t-rex following me like chasing me and I
was like trying to get away from him and
I was literally like 5 when I hit the
dream it was terrifying I was really
really scared of dinosaurs and my
parents were like shannond dinosaurs not
real but I just thought they were real I
don't know on my iPod right now I've
been listening a lot to my Spotify
playlist and my favorite song at the
moment I will like play you first again
it's called all of me you know the song
John Legend all of me but it's Tiesto's
birthday treatment remix parts vs.
aliens pirates really scare the crap
outta me after watching all those like
movies where they like like you know the
realistic part it's not like parts they
Caribbean but the Pirates where they're
like grab guns and like hijack a boat
and kill people that terrifies me and
knowing that actually happens in the
woods this is not okay that is really
scary man Kelly we're talking about
aliens the other day and like we kind of
see this much of the entire universe I
hate it with people like oh I don't
believe in aliens I'm not specifically
saying aliens is there like big green
weird-looking grey beings with huge like
weeds less wise but alien I just cried
too high but aliens is in like you know
foreign creatures on different planets I
totally believe in because I mean if
we're that much of the universe and we
can only say like the planets we can see
I'm pretty sure they're like thousands
and thousands and thousands of other
planets around the entire universe and
galaxies and all that kind of thing and
I'm sure at least one of them has you
know developed in a way where some kind
of creature has guessed evolved to the
circumstances and the conditions of
their planet and just been up to live
like what if there was like a planet
where there was some kind of creature
and they were like that planets version
of humans and they could like fly and
things like you don't know because
because we can't see far enough I just
really believe in that kind of thing
because I feel like it's very ignorant
well I'm not calling any of you ignorant
if you don't believe it but I don't know
I just feel like it's very closed-minded
to think that we are the only things in
the entire galaxy universe that could
have created life what we haven't
created life but you know to me am I
going to I met Sydney no not this year I
actually feel quite bad for for like the
whole I met situation and like all sorts
of countries just because I know like I
know some youtubers they actually been
from going to Imus because too many
people come and basically like people
that don't actually watch YouTube go to
IMAX just to see professional makeup
artists and watch people this in a
seminars and
could make happens all of that kind of
thing but sometimes when like youtubers
come along they have a lot of followers
like I mean I went with you know Lauren
and Chloe Chris and we do a lot of
people come at us which was amazing but
I also felt real bad just because we
were like completely clogging up the
whole entranceway and it's really hard
for you to move around when you've got a
girl on there because you don't want to
just say goodbye gotta go
and we actually ended up getting in a
lot of trouble and I know it's like that
all over the world some youtubers as I
said aren't even allowed to go because
too many people literally just go to see
that youtuber so basically I just feel
really bad for like the other people I
met there trying to get in and do all
that kind of thing and I feel like you
know if I'm gonna go somewhere I'd
rather just don't meet up rather than go
somewhere and kind of ruin other
people's experience even though it was
so much fun meeting everyone and it was
a lot of fun I don't regret it at all I
just don't feel like I should do that
kind of thing again I don't know if that
makes any sense I hope I don't sound bad
I hope you guys understand where I'm
coming from because I truly love meeting
you guys if you've meet me before in
real life you know that but like yeah it
was just a bit crazy and yeah I just
feel bad for the people that try to
organize I'm it I feel bad for the
people that you know put hips of time.if
into making those like seminars and
doing all the speeches and the cool body
makeup and stuff Game of Thrones okay so
I watched the latest episode last night
and I'm not gonna say anything about it
because I mean just in case you haven't
seen it yeah but I hope this doesn't
spoil it for you maybe if you're worried
about the spoiling it for you like skip
a hit but basically like I am just so
sick of Game of Thrones killing everyone
the very first season does it season yet
was amazing like Game of Thrones was
like oh my goodness this is amazing
then it slowly I feel like got West most
I still like it but it's just gotten so
intense like they just keep killing
everyone and there's so many different
like storylines that you're following
like I can't even I honestly cannot keep
up because I just you know I watch it
really late at night and I'm like wait
what's happening here and what's hitting
here and who's this again and then it's
just confusing I mean I still watch it
and enjoy it but yeah I think it was way
better at the beginning
as soon as they realized how much money
it was making and how you know how much
everyone was loving it they decided oh
you know just like draw it out real fire
and like slow everything down a bit so
yeah I don't know karissa someone wants
to hear about Carissa well I freaking
hate her and I'm just kidding I miss her
so much
and I'm keep saying to be like when are
you coming back to New Zealand cuz I we
twist during the last time Krista so
she'll turn to come back to New Zealand
this time yeah I miss her hates and she
looks like she's having so much fun like
she's always traveling and stuff and I'm
really really really jealous I just like
I will just live vicariously through her
through Instagram and just like pretend
like it's me but it's not I'm gonna do
one more thing I feel like this one's
really boring sorry that is I don't know
Oh someone else I've done the TMI tag
and I hit on silly Joe's channel so go
check out Sally Joe on YouTube because
we did the TMI um childhood memories for
some reason this was the first thing
that came to mind I remember one time
when I was probably maybe eight or nine
I don't even know how old I was I think
I was in about year so however old it is
me and my best friend at the time
Chelsea we thought it'd be really funny
for some reason to just wear every
single item of clothing in my closet so
we just like literally you know like
every pair of socks we head on that feet
now fit you something like that big
afterwards every single t-shirt we head
on every single Jersey we head on every
single everything we could find your
single beanie every single glove we just
like layered outside stars is it myself
ourselves and clothing and like it
looked freaking hilarious and we like
wobbled out to see my dad because we
were like covered and like 20 lighters
and we thought we were so funny my dad
just like couldn't help but like just
piss and stop laughing he was just like
he was crying and he took a photo of us
but I can't find where the photo is and
I wish I could if I ever find out I'm
gonna totally put it up but yet it was
just I don't know it's one of my
favorite childhood memories for some
reason we just thought it was so funny
it was so much fun we used to do the
weirdest things we used to like
choreographed like weird dance moves
like random songs and like I don't know
I just I don't know it was really fun I
really didn't oh be honest I really
didn't enjoy my childhood
I think that yeah like yes sex was
probably my best childhood year and then
after that got real bad because we got
split up into different classes and I
found it real hard to make friends and
people just did not like me I think it
was just because I was very shy and
everything so people thought I was weird
and then it wasn't till high school that
I finally was happy again but yes sex I
think that was pretty good although I
used to get so much trouble from the
teacher and everyone because I needed
glasses really really really badly but I
didn't tell anyone like it didn't tell
my family because I was like I don't
want to wear glasses like I got taste
enough as it was okay if I get glasses
people are just gonna like love it but
anyway I used to in so much trouble
because I could never rate what was on
the board and I'd like wouldn't do my
work properly because like I couldn't
see what I'm supposed to be doing but
finally I already got glasses / my dad
had glasses as a kid he see it taste as
well so he was like Shannon you can have
contacts but then the next thing was me
being in the bathroom for an hour before
school try getting contacts then but it
all worked out alright so that's okay I
hope you guys enjoyed this random topic
vlog if you want to be involved in the
next one make sure you like my Facebook
page I really appreciate it and I post
heaps and heaps and heaps of stuff up
there so yeah I hope you guys have an
amazing day today just say that I don't
know just have a triple amazing day and
I'll talk to you soon bye
