hey everyone so today I'm going to show
you what my go-to salad involves sounds
kind of weird but I was getting a lot of
requests just to do something like a
video of what I like to eat on a daily
basis or whatever whatever and I'm going
to put heaps more info in the down bar
about nutrition and like some tips but
if you're at school or something like
that so make sure you check the down bar
for all of that info and other stuff so
first of all I like to take the Future
II tomatoes and just cut them up if
they're quite big I usually just cut
them into quarters or thirds and then
the small ones I just cut in half
obviously make sure you rinse these
before you start cutting them up because
you want to get all those nasties off if
they're not organic
totally not the best thing for you but
totally delicious and when I'm having
salad I like to just add in one or two
naughties just to make it taste really
YUM and so I'm using a little bit of
camembert cheese so just scrape them off
of you know if you use any cheese you
want really but I just really love Kim
and it's my favorite sometimes I'll have
fitter instead you can also put in any
other vegetables you like I quite like
capsicum sometimes I'll do mushrooms or
something like that so I'm just acting
that really thin this is just up to your
personal preference of course as all of
this is because it's salads but in
whatever you want but yeah this is how I
like to do it this is what I like
usually I put in some pumpkin seeds but
I ran out used today so what I'm using
for a little bit of crunch is just a few
almonds and I just like to chop them in
half as you can see I just kinda put the
knife on them and then just smack it
down it works really good
so now that all of the ingredients are
prepped I just like to grab myself a
nice big plate of salad greens I always
have heaps and heaps because it really
helps to fill you up for ages you can
have like so much it looks like a
massive salad but honestly like it just
keeps you so cooled so long and it's so
much more filling than just having like
a sandwich or something like that or
even more greens and all it looks like
so much but I just love my greens I'm
gonna add in heaps of spinach as well I
love spinach it's so good for you and
it's just so delicious and salads I
don't do this every day but occasionally
I'll add in some crispy noodles just for
some more crunch I was really feeling
like something kind of bad today but I
didn't want to go having passed or
anything so instead I'm just having a
few of these noodles and my salad
they're really really young but they are
quite high-calorie so you've got to be
careful don't use too many and then I'm
just going to arrange the rest of my
foods all over my cellar just as as you
do you know just sprinkle them on there
again I don't do this every time but I
was feeling like something bad so I put
on a little bit of this cranberry and I
think it's called like caramelized onion
jam stuff and instead of using like a
full-on dressing I'm just going to
sprinkle a little bit over my salad and
it's really good and it just makes it
taste phenomenal season it however you
want I like to use Himalayan pink salt
and some cracked pepper and I don't know
why I like pink salt better it just
tastes bitter and I think it's better
whew it's got a lot more minerals and
vitamins and stuff in it this isn't what
I normally have on my salad but I
actually ran out of chicken breast this
is just like a chicken steak usually I
would take a chicken breast like half a
chicken breast and put a little bit of
chili and lime seasoning on it but yeah
I didn't have any chicken breast so I'm
just using this because it was in the
freezer usually yeah I'd use the chicken
breast or ask some fish or something
like that you could use steak you know
lamb anything you want
you can use however much meat you want
I'm just using about half of that state
because I like to just you know focus on
the salad focus on the greens but yeah
that's how it looks and it is so
delicious and a good way to get some
veggies into you even though I added a
couple naughty things it's still so much
more healthy than having a whole lot of
carbs and a whole lot of like bread and
wheat and all that kind of thing so a
lot lighter on your stomach but it still
keeps you at full for a really long time
so yeah make sure you check out the down
bar and I'll put some more info down
there for you and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and please thumbs up
if you did let me know down below what
your favorite salad involves I really
want to hear I really love blue cheeses
why I should hit that blue cheese and
salad is amazing I don't know if that
makes me gross or walks I know heaps
people don't like it but what is let me
know what you like in your salad and
I'll talk to you soon bye
