hi everyone so today I'm going to talk
to myself if you're on camera cuz I am
just that cool and I'm gonna do a random
topic vlog ever done one in a long time
and if you don't know / if you don't
follow me on Facebook my new goal for
this channel my blog channel is one
video every weekend so I think I'm gonna
just do like Sunday's so one new vlog
every Sunday
hopefully it's my goldust this year to
like keep up with that yeah so I'm gonna
be doing random topic vlogs question and
answers advice cooking videos just also
stuff like that I think my next one will
be a boobie update so it's highly
requested and like more fitness and
health videos and things like that I'm
just gonna try and do like an even kind
of spread of them you know like every
week just do something a bit different
and yay Fistful my makeup tutorial
coming soon my man channel
I love it so glittery pretty today I did
D'Alema basically was on Instagram
minding my own business and then this
like name came up like Franco you know
like James Franco and I was just minding
my own business like see that flash up
on my phone and I got really excited I
was like holy crap he's like my pic chat
like James Franco like that would be
amazing right um no it was just a fan
page still cool but yeah let's call like
really gutted I was like - Kelly holy
crap I thought James Franco just liked
my picture but it was a flea justice fan
page so you know so I'm just going to
talk about some random stuff that you
guys want me just what about how I got
over the stage of my life when I had
anxiety and depression um such a touchy
subject cause so many people were like
right oh my god whatever don't pretend
like your depression and it's like such
that's why I've never done a video on it
because I know I just get so much hate
and I bet you're like 20 people ready
thumbs down by the time they hear this
I'm honestly to get over just feeling
really really down I changed my life
literally I moved away from my mom
challenge I'm back now but it's fine
because I've got a new mindset in a new
life and everything but I just needed
change that was how I got over it but
every one that's gonna be different but
for me it was just changed
I needed to change something big in my
life just to take my mind off everything
and give myself you know something new
to focus on and some new goals and all
that kind of thing it was just basically
yeah just change that's how I got to
move up to Auckland
I made an if it was friends I made some
really good friends just to take my mind
off everything and I just told myself to
be positive think positively you know
tell yourself that everything's gonna be
all right and everything is gonna be
right everything was all right and now I
just could be happier and I move back
here obviously for Hamish is job and I'm
loving it here I don't want to go back
to Auckland later on in life but for now
it's great here and I'm happy and it's
all good if there's a book describing
all the happenings in your life past and
future would you read it I totally would
um a lot of things in my life have
happened that I would never talk about
on camera and it's nothing against you
guys it's just very private to me but if
I give a like wrote like I'm not mean
about like if there was ever like a book
about my life like if I was a different
person I think would be really
interesting I don't know if that sounds
really vain or something I'm not meaning
to be but I don't know um that depends
if my future is gonna be interesting I
guess but I'm gonna try and make his
interesting as I can because that's what
life is for to make a life amazing and
make the most of everything so I think
any person's life would be interesting
to read about to be honest like you read
about like random people all over the
world and just like things that been
through and things I've done and like
life experiences I think everything is
interesting so yeah I think my life
story be interesting
just like your guys life stories are
probably interesting as well tattoos I
really want another tattoo I kind of
don't even want to tell you guys what
I'm thinking about getting because if I
do get it I want it to be a surprise you
know I'm saying but it's tiny and
nothing much nothing much I'm not a huge
like tattoo person like I don't go out
and get like mess of tattoos and as soon
as I get us hit oh I don't want more
like I'm a very spontaneous person like
I mean I planned this one for a couple
years when I was like 16
18 got it done on my 18th birthday then
I got the other side done just for
balance a year later and my other two
potatoes were completely spontaneous so
if you want to see them there's a video
on this channel of mighty rivers and
piercings and everything um but yeah I
just love spontaneous stuff so I like by
this time I should go to you this
hitters we're gonna be a different idea
were thought was gonna be if I even get
one who knows like I don't plan stuff
any more with it than the first one but
yeah and the reason to be thinking about
is cuz Kelly is finally like Shannon I
kinda want to say no and I'm like oh
like you know I don't people get one in
there like addicted and they keep me
more and more and more but I'm not
really like that I kind of just think
about it every randomly and they like
randomly get them snow it like does not
snow often where I live in my city now
Houston off I think it snowed once so
two years ago so I'm sure one of my very
first videos on this channel was like oh
my god it's no I didn't promise no it
like so lame but yeah like it never
snows here and it randomly did one day
and it was really weird but we still
don't got like a sprinkles so like I
wasn't good thick like you can walk
through it or anything really
um I've been to a snowy mountain once
and then when I lived in Korea it snowed
on Christmas Day and I was really really
really excited and it made my like
entire life but it didn't even snow that
much it was kind of like dirty snow so I
think I'm gonna claim it I'm just gonna
like readjust my hair I always look at
that like right yeah I was born with red
hair like read here like not orange like
read it bright red like boxed I read
here and then it changed to like just
brownish read like Auburn how wait is
that though like you look at my regrowth
even it and it's just like such a
different color it's like a full-on
reading baby I love did this thing I
star on tumblr the other day someone's
like how can you say gingers have no
soul and it was the story about the
actor who played this ron weasley on
Harry Potter in the movie he like bought
a ice cream van or something
I screams to people I don't know if it's
true is it true I think it's true
someone said they go to I don't have it
go over myself and like he'll just hand
out ice creams to little kids on the
street it's so cool I'm an ice cream man
what is your favorite flavor of ice
cream because I now know my favorite
flavor of ice cream ice cream like I
finally decided on a flavor and it is
maple walnut or um like golden syrup
walnut some kind of butterscotch walnut
you know that kind of grew from family
of ice cream flavors if it makes it easy
I'm I can't talk right now I'm just
really hot and I'm it she's really
hungry as well but I'm not hungry yet so
you're lucky sort sigmaz dad oh my gosh
I was watching you he's now gonna TV
show and channel 2 it's called the 4:30
show you actually watch it him and
Michael are on there and it's just like
it kind of like kids ish TVs like
after-school shot and I was watching it
I was like oh my god this is so it like
I know you beside I just thought it was
so funny I love it I think he is going
to be like so sixties but well he
already is he's like I think he's like a
younger than me and he's like a singing
and a TV cuisine to have and he's just
amazing so mossad is wholesome and I was
like full of laughing because I'm wind
massage does my makeup on my main
channel like main home were laughing
were like all these people are like oh
my god you can totally tell they have a
thing like like main mossad hit a thing
going on and I was like peeing my pants
less sitting on the couch with Hamish
like showing him and then he started
laughing because it's kind of like that
thing where you guys like not you I'm
not talking to one of you individually
but some of you that are saying that you
don't understand like how good friends
we are like if I was into into mossad
that would be like being into my little
brother or like a family member or
something like it's just so wrong and I
was just laughing like what you see
between me and Masada's could friendship
yeah speaking of Hamish he is still in
one day soon will by the time you watch
this
his back and pumps north yeah but it's
currently Wednesday so the scurf on
Sunday so he's still working Wellington
for two more days and want to see the
worst thing about having been gone is
the fact that I am so scared
slip on myself and bead cuz Zeus is a
little idiot in human back and baka dawa
is their ghost for a demon in my room
with something because he'll like look
at something they like biking in it and
I'm like like serious is there a ghost
there and then here like stop backing
another night like growling at something
and go hide on the beach and then I'll
like hair like a noise outside and oh my
god I'm gonna die like I just can't
handle it but as soon as Hamish is there
like I don't even think about anything
like that it's just the Beth I'm alone I
don't know why I'm even talking about
this but yeah do you guys believe in
like demons and ghosts and things I saw
someone my foot like Facebook friends
Lachey saying that the house is
possessed by something and I was like
and then all these people are like
giving her advice like that hit the same
thing happen I'm just like does this
stuff really happen because I've never
experienced to myself or heard of anyone
Experion Experion seing a kind of in
like talk like doesn't really happen cuz
i watch paranormal activity and I'm just
like never having kids because you know
the kids on those movies a psycho and I
don't my kids like trying to move me on
something paranoiac today is like my
favorite the series with movies I just
watched the most recent one recently at
the movies with Kelly and Hamish and
main Kelly were both like this what can
trigger like tiniest little crack I've
had hands like I've never actually done
it in a movie I'll usually just like
kind of like I really can't I was so
freaked out and then like at the very
end like when all this stuff happens I'm
not gonna ruin it for anyone but a holy
crap I like fully jumped in like I
actually made this terrible hideous
noise so I'm like the back of my throat
I'm sure everyone in the movie theater
it was like laughing at me or something
but not really because they were all
really scared as well every single time
i watch a scary movie the cinema I kind
of regret it though cuz there's always
those people that laugh instead of get
scared like they get scared so they
laugh because they get real nervous so
they were like
like I'm real scary happens and I'm like
you killing it killing this on you
killing my god I love my tricolor do any
of you guys you asked us eyewear tripods
like like will come along with like a
trifle over your shoulders I hate guys
do any of you use a triple oh like it
like a you pull Oh what does that I
don't even know what the actual name of
them is but I love mine and how I go to
sleep every night as I lie on my stomach
and I like scoop under my arms like this
and I like bury my face in it I don't
know how I breathes I don't know how I
don't like knock myself out another
night from suffocating or something
anyway okay I just had to mention this
because heavy any of you guys seen that
YouTube video where all the Ducks were
walking along and then I don't know
really what it is but it's some kind of
gust of wind blows them all over they
all go rolling and it's that awful
feeling where I like I think it's so
funny but at the same time I'm like
really really really sad for them
because I'm like are they okay are they
hurt I don't know I like I just feel so
safe him but but then they will get up
and like run back to their mum so I
think it's okay but I just I just don't
know whether to laugh or cry hello look
IntelliJ clean because I just searched
for it on YouTube and known as megwin
fresh drugs I don't want to waste one
bit of it it stuff is heavenly see I
don't buy miss hello because if I bought
Nutella I would get fed because I would
just eat and tell her everything I had a
lot of hazelnuts like hazelnut chocolate
so I don't even like chilled a much
better it's caramel au or hazelnut give
me some so yeah I don't but so I don't
really know how I get clean the only
time I've given ahead Nutella like at my
own house was when I was a kid and they
hit those like limited edition glasses
where I'm I don't know like it was like
a little but I don't remember what
character was I was like Mickey Mouse
Club Simpsons or something I can't
remember
yeah and I hit a glass I think it was
the Simpsons actually cuz I'm trying to
bot glass does even ask for me but if it
was the Simpson sir am I like making
things up in my mind I can't remember
yeah and then my mom never bought it for
me again cuz I like went through it too
fast
she told me I was wasting her money so
I'd to stick with the mullet to meet you
Maya I like beat you back Peter okay I'm
gonna go now cuz I mean rambling for 16
minutes now be interesting to see how
short I can get this video it out with a
boring stuff yeah
I hope you guys enjoy ah just dropping
this so that's why I have my mouse like
right here okay just don't do it I hope
you guys enjoyed this video let me know
what my next video should be away oh I'm
doing a boob job vlog okay
I think after that what do you want to
see after that let me know down below
question of the day even though I've
asked you like a million Christians
throughout this video if you answer all
them thumbs up to you okay question of
the day a question of the day what was
your first job my first job is um like
filing no I know that was my signature
on my first job was picking up tips you
know like um like cow tips sounds so bad
they like fake boobs for the cows and
then a teat there's like the thing that
the cars like feet on so like the
farmers will like get the teat and the
cars drink out of it like in the bull
sarong yeah I used to pack them into
boxes that was my first of a job have a
great day I'll talk to you guys soon bye
