hey everyone day two at VidCon today
last night was extreme i way too many
free ones you know like the event
parties la yeah some have some drinks
have some drinks
oh my gosh they're like basically
everyone we're just absolutely trashed
I was talking to Patrick I was like it's
so sorry they will germinate you guys I
guess I say I'm drugged sorry I'm so
sorry
how embarrassing anyway so Cato's they
even made up at the moment Julie's with
her and then we catching up afterwards
to go grab food cuz honored some foods
I'm starving we got home last day and
got their eats like risotto and pasta we
like eating the pasta like fettuccine
with a spoon I don't like I don't know
why but that's what happened last night
and I am still starving I thought I'd
show you my makeup once again a secret
secret I shadow my lipstick is coming to
a beauty at some stage from my
foundation today is the clinic what does
that beyond perfecting two and one I
think it's called and then thin
contouring and highlighting and stuff
yesterday insane brows I hit them I here
I have just brushed it and I'm wearing
my white fox batik jacket white fox
batik single it talks good I think was
off pretty little thing or something
like that maybe it was like a long time
ago to be honest socially in the mirror
and the shoes are from white folks as
well so this gets a little bit too big
for me so it kind of like rides up and
looks a little bit sticky but it's fine
it'sh fan at the shoes I'm obsessed with
they're so comfy I want to go buy them
in black so I'm like on the website now
and do it while I'm waiting this is AB
acute super super comfy the room it's a
pigsty but it's okay I leave early
tomorrow morning I'm like so excited to
be honest so excited to get home because
I'm actually home and I think little
next trip I'm doing is at end of October
so I'm really really excited just to
have a bit of a break and be home on the
weekends to be able to like hang out
with my friends and stuff because for
the last like month or two
just being away every weekend which has
just been really full-on
you know cuz I work every day during the
week and then I've been working almost
every weekend as well so I just am so
excited to like sleep in and
relax and hangouts friends and just have
some fun it's spring and I'm excited and
later on today yeah I've got a panel I
can't I don't know I don't even know
what it's about
look it up later and that's with Patrick
and a special effects youtuber holy crap
her stuff so cool I was like looking it
up last night and Kato is there too so
it should be geared yeah I don't know I
asked to say hopefully you guys are
enjoying the vlogs oh he's so a bit
flogging lately because like I said I've
just being sold lately all the time so
yeah I'll bring you along with me for
the day so excited for food I just want
like a ricotta or eggs or something I
don't know we're sharing some hash
browns wait the same place is yesterday
oh my God look at this
oh my gosh guys look I have kanata yeah
I know oftentimes you get when you do is
most times in your your spaces and
you're shooting your talk to your fans
by a camera but this is an opportunity
to meet them face to face that's been
really fun and your masseuse wait and
yes you I see you I told her I'd look
happier but yeah that must be so much
fun and handmade slimness being behind
the scenes but excited to kind of wander
around and stuff and I'll thank ocean
because my name's Shannon and then that
was taken they like wait for two days
but then I kind of look into it well I
want to start off and beauty I people
just harassing me to do PB sup cuz I
just kind of look at the defranco potato
man thought I look like a bet Mateo and
you literally see I look like my
daughter and so about doing your thing
on sounds like oh my god and you kind of
like wow this is if there's actually
people on the other side of you feel
like you still still want to go because
irony that you I'm only going with this
trend gearbox one business at numeral
life I've had a few emails of just
people saying like you know what it kind
of makes me so emotional cause it's like
your name like it's just so crazy that
is crazy it's just really touching like
I guess I kind of stands I have a boy
and very attention to it you can also
also meeting parents and young young
boys and young girls and meeting parents
are special because these parents are
allowing their children to watch I
mostly just we make up when I'm filming
as Torres like I'm doing something to
really end I guess late won't way to
live people know that's okay I'm over
makeup it's like I always start with
really appreciated right and I'm not
afraid to like show that like no photos
whatever so that you can do vlogs and
snapchats like their makeup it it's
totally fine there's nothing wrong with
the VFX
you should have a copy ball differently
microphone is a brain is just happened
something's just pissed me off at a time
to beat my face Bareilles
so I doesn't go into it but you know
it's fine
