the Maybelline the colossal and mascara
also had this face
I also has that so we'll let these
blushes I'm about to show you you're up
you're going to win two fingers I did
look on the website I seem to blend it
in with your fingers but I might use a
bit brush yeah I'm just so tongue-tied
so I had a palette taupe and then I had
love five and then I have a love bite in
the list in the last good what it's like
the lighting for the frame for the Sun
no yeah I'm gonna pee
I don't like hesitantly waiting and the
one two three and a seventh draw is
currently I've got here on my nose so if
you'd like to see any of these lipstick
so if you'd like to see all right
all right so photographs really really
prettily I don't think it has personal
use that would you just why use
something because what do you you just
want to use it's just a really kind of
natural finish like it doesn't put too
much product on your cheeks and it's
really soft so I love this kind of blush
to put blush brush to put a blush dad I
can't get into it you guys
oh my gosh don't you hide open this
happens like you stop peeling it off and
then a little bit a little bit it just
breaks oh I got it
snakes I hit somebody's face I don't
think it's a pretty good color match
baby one shade darker would have been
maybe yeah I would definitely recommend
yeah dick so let's call here ellos this
this is lumen lumen Oh sir the rest I
bind them up the day everyone loves this
this is
this is cool it's kind of worn off just
it's kind of worn off the tip of my nose
Zeus Zeus stop it stop it come on then
so I've got a dog money no who's he with
stop crying hey he's going along with
the face products this is nice but it
was one of your fans to be like shaggy 3
like we do thank her eating cream which
is like it's kind of a sensual skin
enhancer by what's-his-name can remember
so these five that I'm about to show you
are all the ones that I've been reaching
for quite consistent consistently
consistently
what are you doing your free time
besides makeup and filming might connect
a PC or Mac PC
no I would like a really I used to love
PC and there's Susie or Mac
I was just converted it was just but I
think it depends what user well like
because I was doing photography inside
us really I was like man if my camera
like what he sees a good
