here's some of our Christmas presents
under the tree
is a lot in his music baby I don't even
know if you can hear me over the dogs
fighting for playing not fighting
they're playing tug of war there's me
and my mummy Merry Christmas guys sorry
about my appearance I just slept on some
tinted moisturizer and powder and
mascara and brow powder did some bonzer
blush couldn't be bothered with
eyeshadow or actually filling in my
eyebrows properly just checked on the
lip gloss I am so tired the dogs worked
me up like 6:00 a.m. code in my hand I
think I will this vlog is going to be
all over the place I'm not really going
to vlog all day because I'm gonna be
hanging out family and stuff but you
know if I'm eating something interesting
or I get it interesting gift or
something interesting happens then I
will flood it for you guys there's new I
Neil yeah hallo he just told me was 10
o'clock
hallo bad oh hi so know the design this
prison symbol opened by Ricky how are
you he's got this is a recent photo
ah there's Jimmy and granddad Jimmy
Jimmy
what does look at you can wear hello
does it want your mitt yeah Newburgh
freak Oh where's your brother
whizzers whizzers you buried them in a
hole hmm oh I can hear him sirs oh yeah
yeah looky a little fate you've been out
in the dirt
you've been at the ditch for the book
what did you get Zeus
what did you get he ran off with them he
unwrapped them but geez they yours and
then yours
yeah yeah you can't eat the packet you
panic the packet Zeus what's in here
doesn't yeah yeah
open it your brother's trying to open it
for you question here what's he here
oh there's just Lois be you see for you
Lily
how did you like a prison oh I love to
take you darling what did you get tell
everyone what you go up clothing cool
gorgeous frame from a pictures of my
beautiful granddaughter and grandson to
be our hope Oh
a most fabulous gift of all a trip to
Australia Seymour two beautiful
granddaughters no is hmm come here come
here Big O will fold it back over
hello we're making lemon meringue pie
mini lemon meringue pie lift up their
ultra money please please well you get
the idea
Nana made these would you like a
Christmas party Murs would you like a
Christmas an Xmas hat
I wish here is dedicating time
daughter's life yeah
driving on this isn't road so Wendy
Pasi anything
that's a bad
the slicker fence
excuse the occurrence but I am exhausted
we've been packing non-stop like the
last two days Hamish is just dropping
some stuff off at the Salvation Army and
oh my goodness
I've been panicking like crazy and we
still got used to do at the moment I'm
just in my filming room picking out
stuff and I'm just want to show you like
around the house like show you how tiny
a plate has been like everyone's always
said to me like you Joe a room tour can
you do a house tour it's literally the
tiniest thing ever and when I get to my
house I'll show you my house a while
it's like kind of big deal while we're
kind of moving stuff in just because I
want to show you what it looks like and
then later on when everything's set up I
like to like some tour or something
maybe I'm not promising anything so I'm
standing right in the corner of my
filming room at the moment so still to
pack up my computer but everything else
is pretty much gone I've got to pick up
their shoe rack it's so exhausting like
I think packing is literally the worst
thing in the whole world and then this
is the lounge is this just boxes and
stuff everywhere but we're slowly
getting there there's just a few bits
and pieces with to kind of pick up now
there's Lois Lee these are all clothes
we put all of our clothes and rubbish
bags just because it makes it easier to
move them because you can kind of just
push them into any gaps you have rather
than having them in boxes and trying to
fit the boxes in we still do like clean
out the microwave clean out the oven and
there's a whole lot more like clothes
here boxes full of stuff oh my goodness
this is Ellie's old room
my dad's staying here tonight he's
helping us move so this was mine and
Hamish his room our beard looks filthy
got some boxes Hamish still hasn't
cleaned up all his stuff up here but I
finished collecting all my stuff apart
from that poster which I can't get down
low because I've removed the shelf first
and then Hamish is to pick up his
computer and everything and I don't know
what we're going to do at the TV we've
got like no boxes or anything's about
the TV and computing so we're just kind
of kind of have to widget between like I
don't know big duvets and stuff I guess
and hope that they don't break oh my
gosh it's so stressful and I've ended
out my big draw CS and everything we've
got to find room to check the chairs in
and then the last room is the bathroom
which is almost done as well I just put
all their stuff in plastic bags and then
yeah
the house is pretty much good to go oh
my goodness
say goodbye to my current flat I will
not miss this place I love Auckland but
this house is just so tiny and so ding
in tiny and just you don't get enough
sunlight like in here you get a nice
amount of sunlight but like in here you
don't because that's the only window and
I knew one of those windows opens up so
it's really muggy and then you just have
like a skylight up here so it's really
dark all the time and then in my filming
room like I'm gonna got this tiny little
window at the top so I don't get very
good natural lighting here which is why
hits you studio lighting so hopefully
once I move I will have natural lighting
for some way videos and then I can use
my studio lighting whenever it's dark or
whatever hey Lily
say hello you've gotten so much bigger
since last time they saw you hearing you
yeah
Cal the kiss navigate you little baby
he's tiny still like he's still really
small but his legs are so long can you
show me a leg
shiny leg yeah yeah show me a leg no our
legs he's like no I'm sleeping go away
mom I'm sorry
the house is almost empty it's crazy so
today we're going to move I don't much
better you leave don't act up the
charges so I'm not going to like film
the trip but I want to show you what my
hustles like empty before I put anything
in the old filming room so tiny is me
and yeah everything's nearly gone we've
got bits and pieces we're cleaning is
Hamish vlogging
and this was our old room so oh I'll go
take this whoops
so yeah I guess I'll show you guys our
house when we get departme we've got an
8 hub is it then 8 I will drive in front
of us I think it's eight hours seven or
eight hours this is going to be exciting
we'll probably get to parmie sort of
late see if we'll move anything but yeah
definitely vlog the house and just show
you everything before we put furniture
in there sorry if I'm not making much
sense I'm very tired
I'm sure we'll just cover my moment he's
like what is this green stuff oh hang on
can see pass I looked up at the little
lights what you wanna play for yeah I
wanna be really good-looking boy who
looked inside this is one spear you know
through that this is our kitchen
we've got lots of space for wine and
we've got to cover it up with there it's
the fridge will go dishwasher and then
dining ll√∫ria by folding doors then
we've got another lady right keep up
this is the lounge sorry this is really
rushed I'm just really excited
I'll show you better once this furniture
in here obviously and then there's the
outdoor area which is obviously still
growing concrete or have lots of stuff
out there hopefully one day
yeh yeh yeh Lumi you accept hey where's
your brother see look ma'am this is
coming with my mum because she just
loves her killer cameras they're a pain
in the ass when they're on the in the
car together because they fight for my
lap or not fight but try to push each
other off can i loo keep mine
he's quite excited he just doesn't know
where to start
are you doing hello what's wrong with
your ears
what what's half with your ears what's
wrong with your brother's hears he's
gonna go check on him
so we decided to get a new TV Shan
you're stuck in there with us for
packing into a little car 55 inch TV
oh hell that's the whole car so this is
stolen Louie's beard cuz Louis stole his
Zeus you pretty big for that beard it's
as big as home here she really likes it
everyone so today what's the time 6:00
it was 6:16 and Hamish is at dropping me
off at the airport right now because we
live in Parma now
so he's dropping me off at the airport
and I'm flying to Auckland this weekend
we've only been here for like five days
or four days or something that's right
benefit of flying me up to Oakland for
an event and we're doing a little bit of
a meet-up in a meeting selling out their
cell is being flown up to and we're
going to do lots of fun stuff this
weekend so I thought I'd blog that's the
heaven my makeup is so nice up with
still a we're just gotten a taxi and
we're hitting I think to the Hilton I
only missed we both we both really cuz
she flew from New Clothes right yeah and
I flew from Hobby and ceaseless
literally got there she saw your flight
right important you better hurry it I
was like oh
he's like ran off to the plane that like
almost taken away the stairs good like
running over with my luggage EKU belated
me it was bad and I did my makeup
because I was an hour earlier than Sally
such of my makeup in the bathroom it
like fibromas so bad and if you like
wipe it off and just read your my cheek
huh everyone's look at me real funny
yeah like in the bottom Bollywood what
do you do yeah I like will posses people
now like you can tell she's from Oakland
I feel more at home in Oakland that I
don't party that's really weird I feel
like I've just flown home instead of
like yeah line up for the weekend
that's ok yeah like you know my
eyelashes in the day fine I need to do
my hair because I thought my
straightness same kind of potion just a
year topic sure just not gonna quit now
clippings yes cuz my name is broken
because like what did she look after a
timid a yeah oh my go made a huge like
anything that Park is my first is what
we felt it but it wasn't speaking it was
huge
well how old house was like rocking
subside life in photography you like
this deer selected mister like please
say hello
oh snap so focusing dude is that were in
fewer calm still car yeah come stand
about okay Sally can't working to scan
out or do you like slaughter it it's a
food I was a straight on like death
downwards was what yeah I think those
are for I don't know it's happening
we're not room now we're gonna view of
buildings that's okay yeah okay so we
get bitches stop okay good my spot I've
got a big king-size beard and then what
else do we have in here this thing we
can I don't know I'm guessing this is a
certain office
this approach yet is it food yeah get on
it like a yo big Marat
and then massive bathroom it was like I
don't know what the lighters huh okay
that's good so gonna feed shower start
star flies it's so cold in here why is
this are called Rooker's bum yeah look
at that here so jealous of Flannery look
how long it is my hair used to be like
that exercise shorts I wasn't that long
it look like that
that's all thank our yeah I've been hit
today ready
did I stopped it again was it foaming
yep
students painting your toenails in
history because she can't be bothered to
take them off
I don't want and then you're like you've
gotta feel like you got to commit you
can't just like take off your shoes
would you like we've been here like two
seconds and it's already messy yeah why
we have pretty much the same toenail
polish on we're just a matte toe
sneakers like whoo-hoo grubs but you
guys are from New Zealand people so I
don't think so I don't know you know
what I find weird what when people file
their toenails at time I I never even
farmer yeah I don't buy my nails II
there is cut room my house of gross
you're like Sully just got a delivery
from benefit it's AMA concierge desk top
you under cute too silly
come on open it oh come here
I've never tried this skincare I've
tried her sample the eye cream is really
good cutes like a little sphere that's
really cool then so cha-cha - Posie - he
said like four yeah you ten I'd like a
sample of this but I got Betty okay they
are whoo what's is it the Browse things
yeah people like this I like yeah hey
I've never tried that I'm such a brow
pencil person - I need to like try like
a powder
hmm it's like a whole long hole okay
let's just say here you put my robe yeah
NATO as well I'm gonna rue it
we now have many
pleases yeah make it look so good like
on in real life obviously but I'm camera
it looks real good
you know each day yeah let's get rid the
NZ real whoo
I just used it highbrow I want to try
that I guess and gimme brow I wanted to
try this yeah I'm wearing that suit oh
it's really good like Robin what this is
the light you'll want the lighter shirt
yeah I just touched up my make up a bit
edit some eyeliner oh it's not focusing
so straighten my hair up and so I just
put on baby it's mixed with owl so baby
at Lime Crime mixed with a lullaby
stealer and then added some black
eyeliner this is the Australis black
eyeliner it's really good and then yeah
my makeups pretty crap daily I don't
know if you can see but in here like it
just was not happening I was in bed
lighting and I like over blended and
then tried to put more on and then it's
just a muddy looking so I'm just like
gonna wear my hair like this today and
it'll be fine not really this is my
outfit so I'm just wearing my like it's
focusing again so I'm just wearing these
wedges from bits and then this top here
is from Windsor store it's just like a
kimono with tehsils I love it and then
these are from daily look and then let
stops from lessons and this is from
variety and this is Michael Kors I love
it this is from what's girl is it from
lessons either so my from lessons almost
I think they have them like me with yeah
Riven you oh yeah similar and then my
shoes are for a wild pitch I love them
and then my cardigan thing I loved a lot
of my cupcakes they do do you have one
yet do you
I want one yeah that's so cool c'est la
I don't use mega base but just love one
of them flight if I travel it's so cute
because mine my travel my makeup bag
today is this my article it for me it
says put the makeup in the bag
and what and nobody is hurt actually
killed their job man
and and what and what oh yeah
so we just meet up with Tamsin up for
coffee she's just in the bathroom I
don't know if this woman they yes she's
so nice she whispered benefit and she's
like nah so nice we had a big chat about
heaps of stuff if I want to show you the
view because we're at the hotel my men
just in their little one
cafe thing so this is the view it's so
nice oh well that's like a big shipping
track but just the water is Auckland
it's a big boat over there
so lovely today so you can't really see
me but now here we're off to a press
release like a big party thing for was
it called will show you I know it and
like yeah I've seen so much about it
I've just forgot all its going to
anymore afterwards yeah what a minute
but yeah so I'll vlog a little bit there
and I don't know I'm living a very great
day and it's lots of fun
so soon someone that is going to jump up
here
what was that dress is by basically the
sky and sky so much for us George okay
Oh everything showing on this video a
minute Satoshi gosh so we're gonna vlog
did you think that pound so be an
interesting he said she said
okay girl foreplay long ears and go you
want to drink
we realize okay I'm going to open a
window say know where she
Oh
okay you're the boss
No
my conscience
Sophie
just first
big one
so we just got back to the Hilton and
the heels are due yeah Giada yeah I
liked it and by the way teacher point is
saying yes yeah yeah we're gonna go like
track him down and pop it all that look
I'm sobering that yeah I wouldn't bought
this at Ted Baker cuz she has like the
course too big of egg and I didn't have
that but they had this wallet on sale
and I was just like whisks I wanted that
when I put my hand man oh just like a
sorry happy word right now like this is
like you know when you find this pitch
thing is just like yes like I'm so hit
also love is coming over from love loves
makeup and we're going to do like
filming and stomachs I didn't actually
meet yeah so we're gonna do some little
videos for our channels so they'll be up
at some point
yeah yeah give a bit of my clog yet
so where it's agree at the moment we're
really weirded out because I usually
it's a nightclub the waiter guy was like
so yeah and I win the leg day but we gon
get boobs
papa
Oh
when you open it on a blog so I really
know away
oh my goodness
when I'm ready
how cute is this
oh my god
I'm in love
so we just femme it finished register so
we just finished filming with any who is
the daughter and niece of benefit
founders the benefit founders yeah so we
did our makeup using all benefit stuff
and we got some croissants
I'm really excited and fruit yeah fruit
yeah I don't know again on the post oh
here it is
yeah so next we've got you can come see
me that's really bright out there so
next we've got a launch kind of event
bloggers event for lolly tent which is
their new to coming out and then bit of
a meet-up and then hey and then I don't
know what happens after that
you only make now mine down the cabin to
offer your lights thing I copied by
mineral water in your dress-up tea and
coffee
very instructions having fun making the
chair
half cup
yeah
