everyone so today I had some spare time
so I thought I would do a question
answers video for this channel I will be
doing a lot more efficient answers and
random topic vlogs and advice and
cooking videos and things like that once
I am moved into my new house it'll be a
lot easier because I'll have more room
more daylight more time everything like
a moral and since I'm only uploading on
my other channel three times a week only
just gives me an extra like day a week
that I can't do like you know like a
cooking video or something like that so
yeah today I am doing a question and
answers video and I asked you guys on
Facebook to leave me some questions so
I'm just going to go through and answer
some and I make sure this video isn't
true too long because otherwise I always
run out of questions and other videos to
answer because a lot of the questions I
get are like the same a lot of the time
in 10 years where do you see yourself
I'll probably have a kid or two and
hopefully I'll still be doing something
similar I reckon I'll still be doing
YouTube and that amount of time even if
it's not my job or anything like I feel
like it's just something I love doing
and I'll probably still be doing it
hopefully I will reach some more goals
in my life like you know I really want
to make Hotline one day hopefully I'll
be there in ten years time and just that
kind of thing I don't really know like I
don't like to plan ahead I've seen this
in videos before I don't really like
planning because I feel like life goes
smooth and when you don't make
expectations obviously have goals like
that I want to reach but I don't make
full-on plans like I don't say in 10
years this is gonna happen this is gonna
happen because I feel like that just
puts a lot of pressure on things and it
just makes life a bit least enjoyable
that's just my opinion like I feel like
that with everything if you don't have
anything to do on the weekends so like
everyone's like okay this is what we're
gonna do this weekend we're gonna do
this listen this and like playing this
big fun weekend I feel like you think
about it so much and it never really
makes your expectations whereas if you
just do something last-minute it seems
to work out so much better because you
you weren't expecting to do something so
I don't know if that makes easy
I'm just been filming look at all these
swatches swag do you ever get bored of
making videos I really don't like I
really don't the only thing I get bored
of is editing
cuz I think it's like very tedious
sometimes like if I'm feeling tired it's
just not fun but I love filming videos I
love talking to myself apparently and I
love putting on makeup and I love
interacting with you guys I think
filming videos and the social media side
of things I like the best parts editing
is not so fun but sometimes I do enjoy
it it's just yeah if I'm feeling tired
or anything it's just like so annoying
to do what program do you use to edit
your pictures and on your iPhone if any
of your pecs always look so good
I don't use anything to get at the
actual pictures all I use as Whydah gram
and pic frame and pic frame just puts
pictures and the frames and then water
gram makes the picture like into like a
full size picture on your phone and then
sometimes I'll just make it brighter or
change the contrasts or something like
that what does your ultimate career goal
makeup line that is my ultimate goal in
life and there's so many other things I
want to do and I hope you guys don't
ever think like oh you're a sellout like
because there's all these different
things I want to do with my life and
it's not about being a sellout at all
it's just basically I'm trying to push
my boundaries like I want to see you
know where I can take my career where I
can take myself so I really want my own
makeup line one day that's something
I've always wanted since before YouTube
but I never thought that would ever
happen and it still may never happen but
I feel like I am really working towards
that goal and I'm so excited
well I do a meet-and-greet before I move
back spam you probably not because I'm
literally filming day and night trying
to get videos ready for a while I'm
moving because obviously it's gonna take
a while to move I'm not paying Internet
straightaway and my room something to
beast it up or anything and my makeups
going to be away so I'm filming and
editing it's literally taking me all day
long and then I'm basically moving like
I've got no spare time because this is
all happening so fast like we weren't
expecting to be moving so fast so I'm
sorry but honestly I'm going to be up at
Auckland every not again and I know and
planning and meet up with some other New
Zealanders at some point I just don't
know exactly when but obviously when
that's coming I will let you guys know
and it's going to be in like a few
different major cities do your friends
and family support your YouTube channel
yes they do they always have obviously
there was like other girls in my school
they were like oh my god did you hear
don't belittle and like making fun of me
but I've been made fun of my whole life
I didn't even care anymore my friends
think it's cool like they take what kind
of like what when I first told them like
didn't really understand that was mostly
my guy nights I like I don't get it but
eventually that got it my parents that
were just like oh yeah sweet like really
confused but didn't care the slightest
now we're just like don't tell anyone
your real name and don't tell anyone our
dress obviously everyone figured out my
real name but gotta be safe when it
comes like your address and everything
that's official on the Internet's can I
talk to you what are you do in your free
time
besides makeup and filming makeup and
filming and videos and stuff takes up a
lot of my time because even if I'm not
like working and like doing YouTube
videos a little bit kind of thing I'm
still like on social media and answering
questions and just doing stuff like that
but in my proper spare time like if I'm
not doing anything you should related
I'm like on tumblr and my tumblr
shinnok's I just like my username or I
am watching adventure time or loving
Bob's Burgers at the moment watching
some kind of like TV show we're watching
Made in Chelsea as well or I'll be like
shopping with Hamish or walking the dog
or just doing something about that like
we just like doing simple things like
we'll go for walks and we'll go to town
just look around just simple things like
that that's pretty much all I just my
sweetheart oh I know go to the gym
I go to the gym I go grocery shopping
and yep it's my life right there how
much makeup do you wear in your nan
filming days unless I am going to town
or to like hang out with friends to a
party or something like there I win
nothing like if I'm doing nothing I wear
nothing if I'm just going to the gym
going grocery shopping
popping into town for ten minutes I wear
nothing like I just can't be bothered
unless it's like for a genuine reason
and then if I feel like playing with
makeup I film it so it ends up being
worthwhile if you change your youtube
name Shannon so would you and if so what
would you change it to her no I wouldn't
because I don't know like I don't even
know where Shane XO came from I think it
was going to be a shinnok's or
with like one a like Shan Shan Shannon
and then that was gone so I did two ways
and then that was gone so did three A's
and that's how I got it
and I used to always think like I hate
my username like what was I thinking but
now I feel like it's part of me and it's
like you know extra beauty is my brain
it's all like tied together and I really
like it now so it worked out well where
do you want your brain to go nice with
your brushes and lashes well obviously
one day I want to turn into a makeup
line but that's something that I'm
taking
obviously everything I take seriously
that's something I take very seriously
like it's got to be perfect it's got to
be exactly how I want it's got to be
amazing my makeup line has to be like
spot-on so that will obviously take a
long time if I ever have that
opportunity I really think like storage
will something would be really cool like
um you know like acrylic casing and just
stuff like that that is really like hard
to find in New Zealand or something like
that I don't know her like I thought
they would be quite cool something might
like makeup bags I like do cool stuff
like that just storage your things I
don't know though
like we'll see who's the first person
you subscribed to on YouTube and how
long does it take you to get to 100
subscribers I think it took me like a
few months to get to a hundred
subscribers I can't remember exactly I
know it took me quite a while the first
person I ever subscribed to I think it
was five for Nate x3 I used to be
obsessed with her I used to watch her
day and night
also Britney Balin she was one of the
first people and I don't know like all
the originals like Julie Janie and
Sparky ex packaged and patroller and
just like all those originals what kind
of advice do you give for young girls
with eating disorders this is like a
really hard thing to like talk about
because I haven't had an eating disorder
before and I don't have any idea what
anyone with an eating disorder is really
going through but all I can say is like
I think that people that occur be a
beautiful I think people that are skinny
a beautiful I think there is beauty in
everyone it sounds cliche but it's
really true and I don't think anyone
needs to worry like if we're talking
about eating disorders in like anorexia
or like believe me or anything like that
I think that you do not have to worry
about how you look as long as you are
healthy like if you're a healthy your
body is going to look fine
it's gonna look great you might be curvy
you might be thin it doesn't matter
you're gonna look great you're gonna
pull it off you need to just like kind
of find peace with yourself it's really
a lot easier said than done obviously it
took me a long time to kind of come and
come to peace with my own body and
everything like come to peace with my
body shape and everything like that it's
so hard all I can say it's just love
yourself like I was tased all my life
about the way I looked and then
apparently at once I was like too skinny
and then all of a sudden I was too fat
and then now people like you're too
skinny and then some people were still
like and you're too fat you've just
got to believe in yourself you've just
got to say to yourself you know what I
don't care I like my body just please
make sure you're healthy I don't care
how big or small you are as long as
you're healthy you want to live a
balanced lifestyle eat healthy and have
some McDonald's if you want some
McDonald's that just makes surely you
know you love a balanced lifestyle
exercise a little bit and if you don't
want exercise on a Sunday lay in butyl
do and watch TV like her kids just make
sure you have that balance like don't
stop yourself don't make yourself throw
up for no reason it's not worth it
honestly even the girls in the magazines
don't even look like that like if you're
sort of girl in the magazine next to a
girl that you know that girl that in the
magazine they're gonna look like two
different people
those people are Photoshop so much like
so much their body is like every little
fold in their skin is Photoshop so you
just need to stop comparing yourself
because you're you and they're them or
not even them you know just be healthy
and happy if you're gonna eat one food
for the rest of your life what would it
be um I really love mexicali fresh which
is like Mexican
I love taco salads so good probably
don't breathe oh I think I've answered
this in another video I love Japanese
like don't worry that's really good
would you consider dying here again is
so what color yes one day but not
anytime soon I think the next time I die
my he'll go darker blonde and see how
that looks on me cuz I've never been
like dark blonde
I've only been like light blonde and
then brunette so I haven't been well I
have been in between when I was going
blonde but obviously I didn't stay that
color so you know we find the motivation
to get fit neat healthy honestly like I
was saying before I just think it's
important I think it's important for
everyone and I feel better when I eat
like that it's not so much how I look
like sometimes I just don't care how I
look like over Christmas literally I
think I put
like a kilo so it's gone now but does
anyone care like always
all I thought was like you know this is
a period of time where this thing
happens we eat lots of chocolate and you
eat lots of food and dessert and stuff
like that and then after that time was
gone I was back to normal where I was
like okay you know normal diet eat
mostly healthy so like 80% health and
then sometimes have the treat sometimes
I have junk food sometimes have
chocolate sometimes have whatever you
want and basically just eat healthy and
exercise and everything cause it makes
me feel good and it's really not even
about how I look most the time because
I've just kind of become at peace with
my body and if I end up getting like
cuvee in one spot
oh well and if I start getting skinny in
one spot great but it's really just
about the way I feel so I was just
filming and my camera we did and I just
charged it for two minutes literally so
it's literally like on its last leave so
I'm gonna go now and I will have some
more questions in my next videos so stay
tuned on Facebook to see when I you know
asked you guys for questions thanks so
much for watching and I love you guys
and I'll talk to you soon
