okay okay hey guys so I'm here with
Levin Sally did you love how like a Jew
I just like to not like on to it like I
know I would hate my hair alone so today
we're doing it 25 questions tag effects
about me so basically an about me tag
what all of us and we're just going to
yeah we take a question like mystery
method if mysterion what is your middle
name Brock with no way
well my voice is innate why do you
ignore a my parents uh uh why would we
name I'm told the proper name let's give
him no e so it's nice to mainstream yeah
it's like Brooke like the stream hi my
name is spelled like a little yeah yeah
I'm a little stream guys little stream
mine's Joe without PE
it's the not the man's name but my guess
probably guess because of my channel
name you know miners and whittany so
favorite subject at school um I liked
science really yeah I like to Kim it
came pretty much was my favorite subject
um I really liked Japanese I was writing
like oh you're so goofy I used to be
like Toyota Suzuki like those lows once
I live and I like drama I can I pick one
day I'll say Japanese mine is I history
I used to a lot about history so much
like learning about like classical arts
and like well that kind of thing yeah
it's like and I wanted to take that
would have enough people that was your
favorite drink
um this alcoholic I like what I already
matter is like snow by migrant mice
people hate them I really like that is
ticular a yeah I hate tequila yeah I
really like to get love like it honey I
really like together I don't know what
it is but yeah margarita if it's not
then probably like orange juice or
something pulpy orange juice yeah I love
Stella pulpy orange juice so when you're
hungover is good
yeah I don't know my favorite ones I
don't know if this is like everywhere
it's like a do t16 on the beach
it's like peach and like vodka and you
can order it most places I've never had
the place so you should get cosmos it's
like grapefruit cosmos but if it's
normal
a pretty much just drink like flavored
vodka what's mine I love pina coladas or
I made with coconut yeah I make like
coconut Malibu Midori puzzle juice like
favorite song at the moment and that
picked like recently it's been trumpets
like yeah read the house yeah I used to
hate it and I was like why is this even
like why the snow one song and then I
found myself like jamming to it on the
way here apparently I like that song I
don't know why no one's mind of really
embarrassing the tip endlessly to the
most feeling myself by Miley a will.i.am
you know it's like bottoms on naked guy
give it up feel about them up after this
okay mine is this it's cold
take me home my cash cash it's like my
favorite song in the whole oh yeah I
like the song too
like it's really good it's like good
like he was your favorite food I was
literally talking about this yesterday
and it was the food that I didn't really
thought of but I really really liked
McMuffins a bushel nice day
I love solicitor's muffins like I swear
like they might make this by the way
just like straight sausage no egg like
suppose from my friends my tank it's
like sausage and cheese yes shayzon like
muffins like english muffinz second day
you don't get really confused because I
feel like the sausage is just to make
pity likewise I know it's honestly you
need to try it so many all of you guys
can relate on pizza specifically I
already know this ends it's like a tie
between Peter and sushi I'm like
addicted to both but oh my gosh amazing
like hangover food is pizza hut $5 then
make it for only pizza with barbecue
swirl my favorite foods to be honest
like changes all frickin time yeah I
think my favorite favorite is like
Dongri like you know katsu be dory yes I
love Panang curry which is actually
peanut but I hate peanut but I love
panenka it's like Thai it's like it's
the one that I have it's like thick
creamy sweet with beef so it's cold why
thank him again yeah okay
what's the last thing you bought yes I
can show everyone I think I have my -
yeah dude what was the modern it pigment
quickly yeah good grip pulled up yes
Brenda hotel room by the way you could
have brewed up we get the hope you okay
my history
like it's changing me oh your nose
okay you're going to get down okay so no
straight anything so I mean to a $2.00
shop and I'm obsessive jordana products
right now I know so you guys probably
way but yeah I'm just obsessed so this
is just a lips lipstick that's to
lipstick in the color nude and I just
got a little conceal except planning's
to a video which probably is already out
by this point I don't know concealer and
then I just got this eyeshadows which is
actually really really pigmented minutes
called snowy white and like for like
yeah you Belial launched it a treadle is
90 pretty good yeah and that was like
$12 or something so I'm like the chief
of the last thing this pigment from Mac
and it's in the color violet and had a
really tough time deciding chin and will
tell you guys feel like mmm I go this
one partially because it looks like
beautiful iris which is my Kristina make
eyes shadow really really propose it
associated doesn't have it so I'm going
to do it like a tutorial wish it would
be bad because no these people at one
site you got the two similar way to do
this very slow accord which over Brad
like real life I'm like it doesn't
always focus this is what I bought and
if you follow me on instagram you would
have seen it basically I had a crush on
her handbag which is 10 mega and then
today I saw her makeup bag which is kid
baked up it was like oh my god so we
went in there looking to see if they had
like makeup bag there because I was
really keen to get one but they're nice
with this and was on sale was store
roots meets was 150 bucks but I like
sort
hate to hair that was one of those
things where I was just like instantly
like in love and I have
what a wallet and literally like over a
year I've been usually the same one for
ages so I was like whatever it's so
pretty
it's amazing so yeah it's Ted Baker
that's got a little what are they French
bulldogs all over favorite book of all
time Harry Potter that's it
yeah I just I can't do all the thinking
but I've always been a big fan of Harry
Potter so Harry Potter series for
Sherita know I used to eat heaps bye I
used to read much now because I just
because as soon as I start reading I
like what stop yeah and so I won't get
anything done so I don't read at all
like it's real bad my threesome things I
remember like the Dan Brown books you
know like there's eventually good self
okay they don't like my favorite book I
think in general my favorite books
because I don't have one favorite but I
love taste Jerry said like her books are
so good they like moutains you've talked
about these for like a really long time
but I've been meaning laid it was like
just one light about nuns and all this
about a murder just like all right
favorite color orange okay well I don't
even have a favorite color I've never
had a favorite color in like the longest
time I'll just pretend like it's pink
because I just think Pink's pretty I
love purple and gold DVD pins
I have Kent
she's really cute use Excel he's good no
women I wish I could like to show the
camera but it won't autofocus
oh my cat is called Georgie and he's a
British blue gorgeous darling she's
mentioned to me all the time I'm like
why are you free but I'm like never
gonna get a cat because my dogs would
just be dazed my dogs won't like try to
hit it my dogs will just be like yay
some play with them they like chase it
like trying to play because that's what
they do they chase each other so I'm
having a fight outside she's got a knife
someone just fall right to dogs Italian
Greyhound at a poodle Bijan chihuahua
which is loose Emily and I've also got
other pick at my dad's house they're
like mine and my dad so obviously they
just stayed with my dad because I
actually bought them for her but I claim
them as well you guys will remember pork
chop and popcorn in deeper so there's my
favorite picking I really like that I
have ever proven so I don't even own but
I really really like the it's like an
icy fantasy by Fiorucci or something one
yeah it's not that it smells really
really good my hair every night own as
lava dose by diesel toy yeah that's nice
like interceded it's similar to flour
one I was really I was sort of gonna
make but I hate to say my Harajuku
lovers baby perfume the pink one just
because it just smells like me like I've
been wearing it's like here at live it
and I was like three bottles with it I
love it
- definitely still like KP like the like
poop cap bottle forget which is my face
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah also
flour bomb I love it I've got so many
perfumes I'm obsessed with I really
really want proud of candy apple in
person oh yeah it's like two hundred
dollars I know you're just gonna buy
that for it feels like now because I
want something they'll be able to keep
free belly with pity and it's like Roku
at the time and then it's like calling
from your favorite holiday so out your
favorite like your like dream kind of
holiday like ideal my ideal holiday I
would love to go to America and go to
like different places I
go to Las Vegas but I can't go yet and I
also really want to go to Hawaii like
just really want to go to Hawaii like
why cheap to go that not yeah but like
it's because Hawaii is closer to us or
something yeah yeah it's actually really
far away from a miracle like if yeah and
on am it like a miracle skin why it's
like all the way down so Jake is like
really - you know if I'm so keen to go
to Hawaii
like cool a couple years after I
graduate we really want to go yeah
pretty much to say I'm like me to
somewhere tropical and like relax or I
want to go to America I really really
really want to go to Disneyland yes like
go I got me - I like nearly cry really
think about it because I'm such a Disney
fan there's like a tangled castle like
Rapunzel castles and I can find them a
little pistol isn't it is I feel like
the longer I leave it the worst gonna be
like I've said I'm gonna be like 35 or
40 and all I want to do is go to like I
want to go to like the Maldives or like
the Bahamas or something I want to go
with Hamish and I want to just go there
and I want to stay like one of those
little Hut's there's like on the water
and I just want to sunbathe swim and
drink all day night but it's all I want
to do it like they're so my idea like
just a scientist doing nothing at all
because I'm just a waving yeah
like usually I would say shopping but it
just gets exhausting I feel like I just
want to go like depends first like relax
trampling yeah and take whatever it was
like with friends I really like shopping
have you ever been out of the country if
so how many times um yes I have and
in the country four times I think maybe
five times all Australia and New
Caledonia sir like the places like speed
I don't know how many times a day yeah
me too
I've just been to Australia Fuji in
Japan Japan Fiji Australia Japan Korea
England Island like you like a lift
overseas yeah I lived in Korea for yet
do you speak any other language I used
to speak French I mean if like I went to
France right now I hopefully could speak
French but I haven't like smoke it in
ages
no well I used to take Japanese and I
like went there and I could speak it
really was like what'd you lose it yeah
no I don't at all like I lived in Korea
for you but all I picked up was like
left right thank you
numbers like basics you just to get
round and get in taxis and go somewhere
how many siblings do you have
I have one sibling a younger brother
the losing light right how many do I
have a brother and two sisters but they
have all half siblings because they're
my dad's kids but what is your favorite
shop Kmart big question I will of came
for the price I like really do something
I like for heaps of them and they're
like just the same as like lessons and
stuff yeah like yeah hey you can get
good dresses for like less than $35 and
they are not that bad quality like they
pretty much says it ain't same like
because like lessons and surprise about
obviously they have like makeup and
these like food everything pretty much
like my ideal store Mucca Mucca is my
favorite cuz I just like being a
outlaw playing was all the makeup
because minimum I was gonna say mink in
Australia because when I went did it it
was just like Shane like everything was
so cheap but it's where I got like you
know those places I think you have
someone there just like plunge yeah I
got all those in like the
short they're like like Generic like
everything was like $20 it was so much a
favorite restaurant
um it's a ratio like McDonald's okay
family restaurant
no it's restaurant called Tony's and it
has literally phenomenal it's out west
and it's it just has like the best steak
I've ever had in my life like expensive
not expensive it's just like phenomenal
mine is Saudi and Ponsonby for Thai Thai
food so good they make the best food
apart from they put coriander and their
cheese ball things and I hate Cory and I
stopped to pick it out at Mizzou but
that's okay because it's good I want to
say sumo salad but I don't think that's
like a restaurant just like that just go
for it
right when was the last time you cried
um laughing a little bit today because I
got a parking ticket
favorite blog I don't really remember in
time I usually our blogs
know that all the blogs and I read your
own video games so let's just not go
this favorite movie I hate this question
it's really really hard because there's
like so many different like genres but
I'm just gonna go and change them in
it's like a full time so it's a good
like chick flick II movie mine is
tangled because I've watched it
literally about I'm doing saying I mean
80 times I've seen it before what's
really really good I liked it I want to
see it yeah mine would be like the
Paranormal Activity movies I'm just
gonna have to told me cuz that's the
first thing I thought of that I loved so
I know I love so many movies but can you
remember I know it's like I love heaps
movies like 21 Jump Street yeah favorite
TV shows um oh my god this is just as
bad of a question mighty kidding me I
really really think my favorite one yeah
my favorite of the moment I was just say
bones
I don't care bones in the her to show
yeah
you know so much as I'm watching family
cut recently my mother is yeah that's
what my favorites Bob spear is that yeah
it's like Family Guy crossed with like
self package what if you manage a PC or
Mac PC no I was a like a really I used
to love PC and there's Susan Oh Mac I
was just convicted it was just but I
think it depends what use it for like
because I was doing photography inside
us
really I was like man if my camera like
this is a good for gaming which is what
I like PC what kind of phone do you have
Merle FY phone my phone flames charging
over the - the gold one whatever that is
how told you I am taller than Chen but
not like five balls yeah yeah like a
little bit taller than Shannon if ously
funded a minute before yeah
finally I know like a giant I am 50 and
it shoots Jeff in the big I was five and
a half I always thought but all my
clothes have gotten a little bit shorter
and I'm not talking my dad which is a
still growing a very depressing moment
you know she's got to that he's old
or maybe I think I'm 50 now last
question can you cut I think I can cook
like yeah I can't cook well but I
couldn't like spontaneously make a meal
like I need no way do I need to either
have a recipe or have like a jar you
know what I mean like I couldn't just be
like little pinch of this a pinch of
this but I've been weird students so we
can all like cook for ourselves yeah
I can cook really well the things that I
know how to cook well because I think
I've been cooking for years like I'm
really great obviously but like if I
have to try a new recipe like if I
follow the instructions I'm fine
but yeah I can't just be like ding ding
ding like this pantry
yeah I see a picture I'm not like Oh
make this this this yes it's got a like
a like I'll use this like does it make
peanut there yeah alright so that is
everything so we've got a going because
we're running out of daylight
it's like sun sea
we'll get to that and just now really
lights
8:19 it was really late it's alright
this leagues in it I'll put the links
down below and so she made hearing stuff
and go she got the channels to see more
of everyone all over the place and stuff
and I was like
