next is biggest regret and I chose the
two faces of my eyes palette I love the
other two-faced owner
as I'm pre recording this instead I'm
free as opaque as the others and it's
very much rising but I don't think I'll
repost it because it doesn't really meet
my needs any more like Mexicans changed
a bit and my and my personal preference
is changed as well so okay we're gonna
go on 19 thousands against about a car -
okay
where isn't there mm-hmm where as in the
rest of the pub now let's put a little
bit of much in the blushes so I'm gonna
use some I fluff every with some false
ones Bing yeah chopped it the packaging
it so hot in here a video just
collecting to you that all of the so
basically today Silla base and that's
just like works really well for glitter
bladder they come to walk okay viously
this six at least six different looks
you can do with this to tart next I do
have a couple uses lift up this what was
that
I have you look
so that's just and they will and that's
what it looks like which nothing too
dramatic because my other eyeliner look
nothing too dramatic because my other
hull because my other new appellate
video something because I it would be
quite hard to narrow it down but breathe
shouldn't so that just gave me some
really natural to did the dimension um
so that just gave me and there's
definitely options to do like a few
different looks with it as well so if
you're going away for a week it's not
like we're the exact same say like
there's evidence being okay how old know
you can say my stick on brown the
background on those called chicken foot
no chicken felissa the ones you stuff in
to make your lips look bigger
okay so first of all is it first really
within first of all if you go traveling
it's just got everything you need and
there's what are your plans for thanks
but
these like Shannon proof to get into it
oh my goodness
change my life it's my favorite crease
oh there goes an eye shadow my bra I'm
just gonna use my la splash splash blue
special proof
splash proof what'll and it's just cuz I
want to use it because I'm using this
Pacey
I'm using this face fit have a really
good day or night or whatever time or
way bad day or whatever whatever you
want
