to finish my makeup I just did something
really simple I have two lipsticks on
both my chichi social butterfly and
Blonde Ambition
and it seems you there on my lips it's
just like a really nice natural kind of
pink guy and then I have oh it looks
really intense on camera okay it's not
in real life that's right
um and then I've just got cream
eyeshadow on and skywrath I'm so tired
and I'm so excited I'm like counting
down the ball it's 12:12 now and just
watching Sam I love her channel she's so
gorgeous
hi Stan if you're watching I just just
won't get my copy just want to get him
now I can't I gotta wait
mmm I don't know what we're doing though
but I want to get out of the house
I hate staying in the house because I
work from homes on the weekend I'm just
like need to leave the house got to get
out of here I might take this for a walk
maybe then here's that here's that ugly
guy which guy you talking about this
babe here's the hello weight skimmers
put it on a mini site not I'm not
looking at it mm-hmm
here's that Christmas tree I haven't
shown you guys yet get a stir we got all
of our decorations from the warehouse
pretty much know all of them we're from
the way Jose
yeah yeah it's pretty it looks kind of
average on camera from when I recorded
it yeah it does a bit it looks cool the
win all the lights are on we've got like
little white lights here you can see
them and then we have this random string
of lights like up here look across the
TV and down the show so you like yeah
the seizure lives and then we have tents
up well my skull I got this from one set
the other day in love with it it's like
it's not coming out proper color it's
kind of like a lime greenish yellow yes
these are
oh my god flip the flirt their outer
lashes they go in the Attic warm nice
modeling there to go well with my mono
brow which ones to we're really trans
why fans wait my hands I like these ones
yeah there's none some turn out to be as
good as I thought nah they're not
metallic enough you're not blow your
very subtle yeah they look more blow
those ones are good they're very like
they go with everything try them on your
buddy keep it still like hot see got it
oh god you're gonna destroy your little
brother
I hope he's nice alright he's off
cash cash money millionaires cash cash
cash this is our cash for the dog by the
way I don't just casually walk around
holding money in my hand you guys ever
seen use Dylan money it's really cute
we've got animals and stuff it's animal
and there's a guy I don't know who this
is
we got 50s here's another guy but I like
the 50 because it's purple and pink and
then we got a birdie do we have any
others I've got 22 my wallet here is the
twin a I mean yeah 20s these are just
our mainstream I got oh I can so that
would an eagle thing is a queen
look up you look up you should be
reviewing a pretty face pretty face
hello
alright dessert it's really hot in my
game Lascar we're just on our way to the
doll part we're going to pick up some
subway and I'm going to eat it at the
dog park
hopefully it's real busy because it's
Saturday and you'll be heaps people
walking their dogs and this is pretty
much one of our favorite spots at
Auckland's so I'll show you what it's
called when we get there because I can't
remember what the member that is that
this always heaps a dogs there will
almost always hit two dogs there and
Zeus loves that he loves other dogs so
every time we take him there he has like
the time of his life he loves it so this
is what it's called wire Tharoor can't
say that word but you get it quiet
Aurora reserved this is sitting his ass
on my subway squashing it damn it I was
hoping to be lots of people here
everyone's panicking for Christmas
usually this place is full ah
thank fuck we've done all that Christmas
shopping hello red man where we do it is
let's go let's go you ready either
Oh
we got some good news yesterday what was
it good news we got to lots of good news
what was the good news
Hamish got a job and pommy oh yeah
that's right so we're moving back and we
got pre-approved on mortgage so we gonna
buy a house yay I'm so excited I'm late
this is like my dream I never even
thought I'd ever buy a house and like
I'm so stoked oh no this is going for a
plug so yeah we're going to buy a house
and it's going to be so exciting it over
and we'll probably both be vlogging all
about it like well like show you the
houses we go look at and stop it there
and then of course when we actually buy
a house will show you it a bit and stuff
and like hopefully do some like
decorating stuff and yeah it'll be all
good we're looking at three to four
bedrooms oh yeah because obviously I
need a room for my office and then a
spare room and then our room so three or
four will be really good it's doing it
little speed demon getting ages to run
out the path you'd think he'd go through
the grass yeah it's a city dog bad I
suppose he gets lost in the grass yeah I
got that on camera hey what are you
doing
it's not for you sure nothing thank you
what kinds do you get show me spot grab
little rubble up with what salad well
little cucumber cheese tomato in Lillian
gherkins mm-hmm and I got chicken fill
it with what did I get go fins cute no
not cucumber capsicum lettuce and tomato
and it's delicious so good oh look a
lipstick on my now what did you get this
nothing he's so jealous that
no booty booty booty booty rockin
everywhere miss do food and when you see
I had a good singing voice yeah
naturally if you know I'm a dope
abetters justly oh crap he's there is
that girl
it's my long-lost Louis Louie Louie in
Louis I like Laurie bit-o-honey hey
buddy
kind of looks like so it has sources
ankle is this his uncle this is uncle oh
he's not quite as fast as Esther he does
he's very good
this loves to do everyone that worries
about Zeus being a meanie to the puppy
this is all those lights to display
yeah he'll wind up the puppy he just
loves to play he's not really looking at
where the other dogs mine
I was just running in circles he's a dog
board this game now is that all I want
to do is nephew just stop so I can sniff
you quick this is a so cute look at his
big ears he's got back forty years we'll
sell them on trade me offers open to
offers yeah we're sick of Zeus that's
why we give your puppy hundred so we're
gonna sell them oh look at that wall or
husky clearly we're just joking clearly
no oh we're selling them are you not
joking people always say like why are
you getting another puppy don't you
obsess anymore are you gonna do sews
what's happening to those wizards gone
so sluts at the puppies hey what's
Chrissy the Huskies that's why we're
getting another peppy she's so cool look
at her
yeah Huskies a real cool I just it took
big for us yeah and hid pull me around
yeah how trade cities errs look at him
he's like yes
sup side by side start
so this is asleep always dreaming yeah
he's so cute
oh I woke up do it damn you you die it
don't be mean or Zeus his federal buddy
was it a big walk he loves that and I'm
got us this it's like a like woolen met
and he just loves to sleep on it
mush mush mush mush blogs
watching my vlogs have veins in this
little mongrel he got into I don't I can
show you this chocolate fingers this is
wrapped up in wrapping paper and he
nibbled the end off and he ate like four
chocolate fingers we put all them back
in the container so we could see how
many he a we rang up the emergency bear
and we like told them how much this
weight and then how many grams of
chocolate here and she reckons that he's
in the awkward definitely and then we
like doubled the amount he's still in
the clear thank goodness because it
could have been an expensive
pre-christmas little trip to the vet and
oh my gosh like our hearts dropped were
like oh god he's gotten into the
chocolate ghost like he literally just
meat for this one he would have been
able to smell it and yep we completely
forgot to put the presents on the shelf
so now we're going to put them on the
Shelf because we're about to go pick up
Louie hey there's our my pretty flowers
that met cosmetics sent me those smell
really really good have you seen these
imesh have you seen my flowers you
already didn't I say it was maybe game
so we've got like 10 15 minutes to go
until we get in the car to go get Lily
oh it's like a half hour drive because
I've bought her most away towards
Auckland so yeah I'm panicking I'm like
freaking out I just person an Instagram
Giovana Belling beauty she posted this
picture passers got his naughty she was
posting this picture i reposted it of my
lashes it's so pretty
make sure you go check her out I just
reposted so you can find her page
through my Instagram if you're
interested she does YouTube videos
they're very professional and very good
oh you're a tiny little poodle Chihuahua
chill out
yes yes brah Zoe this hmm you're
standing on his head there's cab hello
hello hi we're gonna go get Lily now
it's 40 minutes away Oh
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo oh I'm excited are
you excited yeah yeah I feel so sick I'm
so nervous I'm so excited and nervous
and my stomach's just got butterflies oh
my gosh they're like 20 minutes you know
I'm just chillin yeah it's a little bit
nerve-racking feel good though I'm just
more worried about the house
well I'm getting used to loosen
everything up little works I give a
little oh man hey hey hey you're so
skinny
hey butter and then there's Sun right
now they're on there right yeah I think
he's just over one you spelled it wrong
quite scary shadow me I got no one who
had a beautiful maybe I'd quite yell and
okay when you set up up the door now run
for your legs and you can't walk you
know Stefan
I'm going to shuffle around no it's got
my fingers there's no love whom they
know no this good and if you wanted to
come shouter copy it's not asbestos fuck
me mummy move here so cute
I think you like me more now that you
calm down it is so skid before I neighs
just really good okay I'll get one more
photo with you guys and then it'll be
enough
hi Louie that's your name is it being
good yeah he's like I'm tired I'm going
to sleep
hello she said what are you doing fine
why are you doing that filmy yeah we
could have baby
look at him he's really he looks a lot
bigger on camera I don't know what it is
but he does so we gotta go home and
introduce him to his brother hopefully
it all goes well I'm a bit nervous
there's probably be added joint for a
day or two but he's such a friendly dog
he'll kill ya he was being real good out
of all of them that were in there
he was probably the most calm right yeah
yeah like he wasn't psycho it wasn't
like overly shy he was at this he was
actually real shy and then as soon as he
won't you stole the people voices he was
just yeah he came scared okay baby
you okay he's alright and then is he
shaking a lot
Holly he's we felt really bad about
taking away from his friends but that
had like I was going to happen one way
or the other you can't really keep them
all together forever but we'll keep them
updated on YouTube a sham yeah and
they'll be able to see hey gets on so
he's a boy he's so little
we've got a lot of pictures some sure
Shannon put them all out won't you yeah
she's busy busy cuddling and kissing I
got so many photos it's good thank you
wait is this Lily just make sure you got
through it all the other ten minutes of
it there's some really good bets where
he jumps out is this your toy it is your
toy wrap is a banach tree squeaking it
I'm squeezing it it loves it
his sole cure is so happy just sleeping
away
sleep sleep
yeah actually
serious is this
you can smell them but it's Amy Jennifer
dime dad is it look the guy hands like
how can any of time for this
what do you think oh my god they're the
coolest yeah Jenna left the map or not
what okay so we're gonna finish the vlog
now we just want to play or not we might
blow this something exciting happens but
otherwise I'll vlog Christmas time stay
by me that's pretty
I'm sorry happy it's good look at this
toy can you help us to out Nick's phone
frizzy is not an ad that cute that you
asked you told him to be honest I'll
ease so
you
