hey everyone so today I am doing a
question and answer video because I'm a
doughnut he's in a really really long
time
I'll leave down below my previous
question answers videos and at playlist
so you can check them out if you would
like to learn more about me
so I just asked on Facebook like a
minute ago and I've already got heaps of
questions so I'll just keep refreshing
the page throughout my filming time and
answer some questions for you guys while
your plans for Thanksgiving and
Christmas with some things on your
Christmas wish list on my Christmas wish
list I actually have nothing at pot from
an Italian Greyhound man Hamish are
going this weekend to visit I Italian
rehab Breda I'm freaking out I know
someone's gonna say it there are like
noir Italian Greyhounds and shelters in
New Zealand Italian Greyhounds in New
Zealand a very very very fond few in
between kind of is that even the
corridor there honestly like nearly
Norma Italian Greyhounds in New Zealand
so finding one in a shelter is very very
hard there aren't even that many dogs in
the shelters around me which is a really
great thing my plans for Thanksgiving I
don't even know what Thanksgiving is
like I know what it is but I don't know
when it is and we don't celebrate it in
New Zealand so I'm doing nothing for
Thanksgiving but for Christmas I'm going
to drive down to Palmerston North and
visit my family and eat lots of food and
to get a food baby and then sleep what
is your guilty pleasure
my guilty pleasure is a cat sube and if
you live in Auckland you will know what
kids to be is it's basically like you I
don't get rice but I get like he's
different salads I like to get lettuce
broccoli
I love carrot Annette what you guys know
how much I have here if I walk here like
I love grated carrot I missed up and I
get seaweed sometimes and I get that's
pretty much it and they'll get like some
mayo and some honey mustard and then
sweet chilli chicken and sweet teriyaki
chicken it's like my total guilty
pleasure oh my god I'm craving it so bad
right now now do you ever miss pommy
yeah I miss certain things about Tommy I
love it in Auckland that they're heaps
of good stuff and Tommy as well like
friends family a Sperry with obviously
you can save so much more money and
pommy that I love like just the social
side of things and don't play
like I made so many amazing people not
planned and there's heaps of stuff to do
it all planned and not so much in Parma
so it's kind of like there's a balance
between them how did you have a cheat
meal I probably have maybe two or three
a week good like two or three good ones
a week
I don't deprive myself I want something
bad then I'll have it but I'll have it
in moderation or I won't have too much
of that thing but for the most part I
just have like a lot of syrup and
avocado and veggies and smoothies and
juices that's like pretty much my diet
and then like before as they said like
ketsu B as one of my favorite cheat
nails but it's still not 100% terrible
because it's still like you know just a
lot a lot of salad and then a bit of
meat and sauce so obviously it's not
great for you but it's not horrible
and then I obviously have like my heart
out like cheating them sometimes I'll
have like Nando's I love Nando's like
their chips are amazing and they're
chipped up they also like to have sushi
every now and then what else do I have q
ER that's a good cheat meal you ever
talked or seen some of your childhood
bullies if you have them some of them
have tracks talk to me in like the last
couple of years and to be honest I just
completely ignore them which isn't a
great thing to do but I just don't want
them in my life so oh well what do you
see happening in your life in the next
year or so example living in Aussie or
what I should update you guys basically
Hamish is looking into a new kind of
like job kind of deal in pommy and
Auckland it just depends where he goes
because those are the only two places we
really want to live in New Zealand and
so there is a possibility we'll move
back to parmi which I'm not oh my god
yay Oliver but I'm also not like I don't
want to go because there are good things
and probably like I just did and if
Hamish is happy doing what he's doing
then I'm happy so in the next year or so
I will either be living in Auckland or
living in Palmerston North again what is
your favourite New Zealand food what is
New Zealand food like fish and chips
because fish and chips are good as long
as they're fresh I hate what do you do
when your boyfriend forgets your
birthday you tell him two days after
your birthday tea won't answer your
phone calls or tests and all you did was
tell him a bit that was two days ago
does that something that happened to you
because that has never happens to me
that's horrible you should you should
break up with him cuz that's that's not
a good boyfriend at all sorry
what is your next business venture it is
top secret but you guys are gonna be
finding out literally like probably
within a month from now so stay tuned
what is your favorite TV show at the
moment I'm not actually watching
anything at the moment and it's really
really you're really upsetting I just
finished watching spy kiss the fifth
season I'm on the second season but I
just can't take it seriously
I bet it's about a kiss just doesn't do
it for me I don't know it's just
they long was sort of hot and it makes
me so sad that he died it's like Heath
Ledger all over again and it breaks my
heart I also finished watching orange is
the new black
Breaking Bad dickster I'm currently
watching American Horror Story so he
said it's my favorite at the moment but
obviously just watching it as it
comments because it's actually on TV I
can't just download it or watch it all
at once I mean I totally don't download
illegally so if you've got any other TV
shows to dish suggestions leave them
down below for me pretty please because
me and Hamish are very desperate right
now like very disparate but don't say
True Blood cuz I hated True Blood like I
really really hated it I'm sorry but I
really if you could smell like anything
naturally like your body odor what would
you want to smell like my philosophy
body wash the animal cracker like iced
animal cracker pink philosophy body wash
if you've never smelt it you should like
track it down I go my nostril Burnie and
it smells like phenomenal I love it so
much and even my boyfriend uses it like
nobody they're lying it's pretty good
do you know specific subscribers that
always commenting and favorite in your
videos and talking you on social media
websites of course later I noticed so
many of my like repeat offenders and I'm
just kidding I notice a lot of people
that continuously like comment right
like
favorite tweets retweets me like I
notice you guys and I love you guys so
much I honestly learn your names like I
really do sometimes I've actually met
subscribers in real life that have been
like that on social media and I'm like I
know you're blah blah blah they're like
you embarrassed by old videos or do you
like so much you've grown
I am totally embarrassed they had
terrible I don't know why anyone watched
me now I'm not like completely
embarrassed because obviously those are
how I got to where I am now
and you know I don't know her I think
I've improved a lot I think that's a
good way to put it like I have improved
a lot my editing has been out of my
talking is better ever learn to talk to
the camera a lot better so obviously my
new videos are a lot better I'm not
completely ashamed of my old ones
otherwise I just take them down but I
lived them there because it's a bit of a
laugh would you even get more cosmetic
surgery I'm not gonna say no I'm not
really planning anything at the moment
like the only other thing I can really
think of that I would want to get done
is my nose but not like I have a lump
look at my nose like I don't really care
about that the only thing I care about
is my nose literally goes focus sideways
because my dog hit butted me
and the nose in a week when I was a kid
the other kids were much like a lot of
people give me so much about it
they're like yo nose it's ugly
definitely I like hating oh man I'm just
like oh well like click away from my
page name because it's kind of like
right in the center of my face and
you're gonna have to deal with it I'm
never gonna say no look I mean I never
thought I would actually get my boobs on
when I was like younger but I decided
you know what that's what I want I'm
gonna do it so what's gonna say like you
know in another year or two or five or
ten or 50 or however many years from now
I might be like you know what I want
this done and whoo kids because it's my
decision and not anyone elses if you can
live anywhere in the world where would
you live I would look somewhere tropical
like the Bahamas or something like that
if I didn't have to worry about working
and and and if my boyfriend didn't have
to worry about working if I can if my
dog is there like do you love Hasek dogs
like not just dog like Zeus like dogs
like two three four dogs because I've
already got in my mind that I'm getting
an Italian Greyhound and I'm kind of
obsessed anyways yeah it looks somewhat
really tropical like relaxing I love
just like lying by the beach and tanning
swimming that would be me what year do
you think you want to get married I
honestly have no idea
I don't hate on people that are like I'm
21 if you wanna get married at 21 go for
it but I don't think I'm ready yet I
wouldn't mind getting engaged like in a
year or two or three years from now I
don't think I want to actually get
married to someone until I'm at least
like 24 or 25 like 24 maybe I don't know
I'm gonna do one more because I don't
want this to be too long I want to be
able to add several Christians and other
Christian hats videos because otherwise
it gets repetitive because a lot of
people ask me the exact same things
every single time what kind of videos do
you like to film the most my that's a
nice finish her offer I like ones like
this the best probably and I also love
doing halls and church area
I basically film all sort of videos that
I like doing like I don't film videos
that don't like doing so every single
video I've ever filmed I've enjoyed
doing
I don't do one third or like doing but
my very like top favorite would
definitely be like these ones room just
like talking and answering questions and
doing random stuff and like my video is
on Hamish news channel where like he
does follow me and challenges I could
love stuff like that because it's so
chill and fun and I love just chit check
it really with knees and holes and
suffer I'm just talking to you guys and
I don't have to be too serious and stuff
like that so I hope you guys learn
something new about MOOCs though I mean
in such a weird mode I've literally ate
it like what if I ate and today I hit
some broccoli and cheese sauce and it is
now 450 total a it's almost dinner time
and I've eaten that broccoli and cheese
sauce I've been filming all day and when
I film I get so like into it like I'm
like in the zone and I just don't even
think about doing anything else like
I'll say yeah at the end of filming I'm
like I really made a pain because I just
haven't even thought about paying for
the last five hours it's really bad but
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and if you did please give it a
thumbs up so I know to keep doing them
because that's how I basically know what
works you know if if a video has like a
thousand thumbs up like obviously
there's still heaps I'm like yeah but
compared to others that might have like
6000 thumbs up I know which ones you
like better so if you really do love a
sunan video of mine make sure you give
it a thumbs up and I really appreciate
it and I hope you guys have an amazing
day and I will talk to you guys soon bye
