hey everyone so today I'm going to teach
you how to make this kind of really
healthy alternative to ice cream so if
you like ice cream I can guarantee that
you will love this if you like but other
than is because you will need bananas as
the base I'm also using cinnamon some
dates some carob powder and that's
basically what you need it's really
simple
first off I'm just taking my two dates
and I've pitted them and just put them
into a big bowl and then you want to
make sure your bananas are frozen it's
the perfect opportunity to use those
overly ripe bananas that you checked in
the freezer so you could use later and
smoothie or whatever so skin them and
chuck them in a bowl and then I'm just
chucking in some carob powder this taste
very chocolatey you can also use cacao
or whatever and then you just want to
take your blender I'm using a stick
blender and I'm just blending it until
it's all mixed together and smooth this
is definitely enough to reserve more
than one person so if you're just doing
it for yourself maybe use one banana or
less and yet this is what it looks like
it tastes amazing and then I'm also
doing a second flavor so for this one
you will again need some bananas make
sure they're definitely frozen and I'm
also adding some cacao nibs some maca
powder some organic blueberries so this
is going to make more of a blueberry
flavored ice cream so I'm starting with
majority of blueberries and then I'm
adding my bananas because that's what's
going to make it that ice cream
consistency some maca powder maca powder
is really great for energy as well as
like a bunch of other stuff it's just
one of those like superfoods and then
again I'm just blending this with my
stick blender until it's nice and smooth
and then I'm just kind of sprinkling
over some cacao nibs afterwards just to
decorate to make it taste or delicious
so I hope you guys enjoyed this little
quick cooking video and I'll talk to you
again soon make sure you try this it is
really delicious bye
you
