hey everyone so today I'm doing a haul
but it's a different hole this is like a
charity hole because I was on Facebook
one of my friends Sam he posted a
picture basically like with a bunch of
stuff that he was giving away to like
some small children and I researched it
further you can go on this website i'll
put all the information down below you
can file a shoebox full of like gifts
and like hygiene stuff and just things
like that and you can send it away to a
child in need and then we'll get
something really nice for christmas it's
really a nice way to help out people
that are more underprivileged then
people like us are people that can't
afford Christmas gifts or people aren't
like third-world country I think it's
the thing that I'm doing a moment is
shut as of the end of October but if any
of you guys know any alternate kind of
like Christmas charities or places you
can donate gifts for children or even
adults that are in need please write
them down below so anyone that wants to
give this Christmas can you know find an
appropriate kind of like wait to
dominate this is a collab with my
boyfriend mush mush vlogs and my friend
jar from makeup with jack so we all did
this and we've all put up holes on our
channel so link their videos down below
so these are the boxes they supply you
with if you want to donate you can see
the phone numbers there maybe you can
ring them up and see if there's anything
else you can help or donate to or
whatever so basically this is my boy box
so first of all like a little t-shirt
and and I just thought was really cute
it goes from the warehouse and it's got
like little rockets and stuff like that
on it I just think you know such a cute
little top and then I also got some
play-doh because when you're a kid let's
admit it like that it was your life so I
rented a couple pots of play-doh I also
got him a Rubik's Cube and also a little
toothbrush this is a Winnie the Pooh one
and you can get toothbrushes but you
can't give any liquids or anything like
that so I didn't get toothpastes his
mojo pace on the website on the website
head like a forest of like what to buy
and what not to buy that kind of thing
so they're also got some coloring
pencils and some crowns and then I also
got a coloring book which looks like
this and i also did get a quiz game
12 so that's what they look like and
then what kid doesn't like stickers so I
got some dinosaur stickers and sound
like tools there's a whole heap of these
that whole heap of little toy cars that
they can play with their friends and
then some little dinosaurs these were
off some movie or cartoon or something I
remember you just take everything out of
the packaging or a Kip the crowns and
stuff in the packaging because I didn't
want them to like get everywhere in the
box that was stuff like this she had to
take out the packaging just so you know
help recycle and everything so there are
the dinosaurs and then the last thing I
got home was just a bunch of little
falter pins so I'm sure some little boy
somewhere in the world is going to love
this gift box it's freaking strap stay
there and then this is my girl one which
I kind of geared towards like a seven to
ten year old girl so I got her a little
hair brush and so the chair clips I
thought these were really cute Nana
which toy world and going to a bunch of
like toys like this Minnie Mouse ball
which I don't know she know if this is
age-appropriate whatever like she can
give it to someone else if she doesn't
want then what's the warehouse and got
this really cute t-shirt I thought that
was really cute i would have rocked that
when i was ten years old so it's just
like a love heart tank top and then i
went to equipping got a ball of hair
tied and some cute little rings from
deeper and then a bright pink skipping
rope and then a bunch of pens pencils
and some stickers again some butterfly
stickers it is sharpener there for the
pixels as well no border book this one's
just about a fairy and that the
toothbrush the last couple things it's
got her big notebook from typo i thought
this is a really cute way it's got a big
bet on it and some coloring pencils so
there's everything I got make sure you
check out jar and Danish and see what
they got their kids and I owed you to
try and see if there's any way you can
donate even just a little bit of money
someone in need this Christmas because
while we are all enjoying time with our
family and opening lots of gifts and
everything there are plenty of other
kids in the world that don't get
anything at all or can't afford it I
hope you guys enjoyed this video's a
little bit different apologies if you
hated it but whatever I wanted to do it
so have a really great day i'll talk to
you soon I my feet are going up
oh ok I'm sitting on my butt out I
feeding them you're going they're going
to sleep okay hello okay I don't want to
roll it
