hey everyone so me and krista and Liam I
just got the news and we're going to go
shopping
I've seen
cha
it is now thursday which is my last day
in australia and i like tonight they
will saw me and crew sir just hit it
into something for the day just to hang
out and go do some shopping we're going
to meet up with Lauren for a little bit
kind of sad to go I'm really short of
breath because I just like sprinted up
the stairs yeah I'm kind of sad to be
going but also really looking forward to
going home as well
the main course I just Seto Sydney
wretch
I don't know where we are
blow in front Pablo rusty
sameen cursor just sent a curb at the
moment pixie and we just need to make up
store I'm sure you guys we've heard of
makeup store for like Chloe's videos and
everything so we thought we'd go check
it out some ups do that and then we're
going to go catch up with Lauren really
quickly before her to go to the airport
it's so nice out here really let's get
some film at Bondi everybody would love
to see that at that yeah I've never been
to bond us I'm really excited
so this is the end of the vlog i am
going to the airport and then going home
and they weren't a beard okay back her
because I mr. each other side we're in a
tunnel so I'm really orange right now
but it's not even focusing come on I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog and i'll
link Chris this vlog down below when
it's up this is up a hormone or whatever
i'll link her vlog channel but she did
float from this week as well yes so i
think i had a really good day whatever
you're watching this it was really all
good i'm gonna say something else in our
doors burros gone with it but a fun time
watching I hope you had a fun time
watching the speaker and I'll see you
man my little at my next vlog bye
you
