okay I'm gonna do just a little bit of
foundation just to even out skin farts
so I'm taking my okay I'm one that cream
cheese alternative you just want a good
way so I'm just gonna chalk a beat you
might hit insert over for my just cut so
I'm just taking a big check and I'm just
gonna dip them in a little bitter Brown
barbecue sauce just to get some like
combat self I really wanted to stick
with that you know did she have any time
did she have other bone starting to fall
out just Pat it right in nobody could
tell
this is actually Hornets and you get the
burgers remind if there's a little bit
outside the lecture line just because
they were just lash line
I mean and whatever mind so it goes a
little bit outside they look like said
we're done and it's it look complete
keep going into my eyes like don't go to
do you eat it or like push it back up
there this is a multi coat the makeup Oh
what's it cool I'm going to read through
your I found out that oh no what do you
even do I'm gonna hold up you'd you want
it so like
we'll be popping a moment we'd like to
see this baby come on quick be quiet
already film it's like sort of skin a
little bit so welcome to youtube or
Yvonne cat videos and girl take the food
on their faces
exit okay my eyes are strange water
by quick dump it off as heroes just to
kind of like I don't know yeah it's deep
and then down on the jawline or side or
make you look like you have a nice
little petite little face or a beard now
for Shannon I really want to create a
very contoured look I think that it will
contrast with her pale skin so nicely so
I'm taking some master food
