hey guys I'm here with Hamish hey guys
and we just successfully did a food
challenge on his channel and it was like
it you pick a photo and we're still in
pain so if you want to know what that
it's all about they've just click on the
link down below and you understand so
you can see us chuckling a little items
here these are onions and Hamish hikes
on you
I like onion it's the worst thing ever I
like onion but I can't stand it if it's
like too much or like alone it's gonna
be in like a sell it or what it back so
basically we're gonna try and eat this
like a nipples just thinking about it
achew makes me whole but I know I'm not
even gonna pretend like I'm gonna be
able to finish this but I'm gonna try um
I'll try and smash it out for you guys I
hate onion remember so if I finish this
thumbs aside all right what's the arca
what does it mean sure we got more
vitamins
ooh nice I guess all right oh wait oh my
eyes are gonna start watering oh that's
my brief oh oh we're gonna get good
breath after this act these are
boot step on it
I'm not doing it that sir hey can you go
dude do you think I wanted to do there
you know I hate onions yours not that
bit no it's not look at the state of
their mind look at my timing in hmm
would you queasy give okay oh I just
looked at the spew and it's like bright
pickle I'm just gonna end this now
because I'm sorry to feel really sick
looking at his spear and apparently
healthy food challenges are way harder
than unhealthy ones I think I would
rather do it nugget challenge again and
that's saying something because that
challenge was awful the worst the
texture my tongue feels sore yeah ugh
there's nothing good about onion the
colors ugly from my opinion yeah the
taste nasty the smells yak - look at it
look at it who would eat there this is
like shriek food or something I love
onion but not like this it tastes really
bad hit a idiot again onion
chilli oh sorry there honestly I don't
normally throw up a that so that's this
young in charge I'm sorry these are sure
but I think next time we will do the
smoothie and just challenge and
hopefully that won't be much of a
failure today well probably still upload
these just cuz yeah it's a bit of a fail
but don't give us a hard time if you
think you can do better and improve it
and upload your video response down
below hey just calm hey so I got like
one for like two by is done you so
mining before that's all right yeah if
you're wondering that wasn't in the bowl
of spirit
he's that was he pulled it up mrs.
Spears toss about of Christmas so if
you've got any other healthy food
challenges you want us to do then leave
them as a request or something it's so
bad in my mouth continue thumbs up hmm
us because you feel sorry for us they
will be like oh is this what YouTube's
come to yeah I'm on that side of it
again I have a really good day and we
will see you again soon
so yeah
