everyone so today I thought it's there
24/7 glide-on at this strip
hey everyone so today I thought I would
be it Balu and I love it because it's a
really nice liquidy but and I like it
but you know other than hey everyone
hello who is there
whoops cream formula and so I do end up
just strength on my hand and then
distributing and so I dude I like to
prom one-liner wait for it to the dry I
like to just prompt and I like to put on
like a layer through
and this is in San June and then the
last step I'm going to step on my makeup
with this a bit decay chills to shake up
and then the last gurus raving about
this master going for this I didn't see
flesh yeah I really really like that I
also have one of my favorite looks lit I
also like one of my favorite lip glosses
from it thick if you leave it just kind
of all the surface you'd be ghost again
you can go if you just leave it on the
surface of your skin you Katie and Katie
is in this pack hit hit palette
this is the baby cream or beauty balm
board stricted zubur I use it with a
flush this with it I use it with a
fluffy brat next I regret buying this
because I got one this is the macadamia
natural oil healing eat this isn't make
it hello
how long do I hit lipstick on my teeth
for goddamn a bit of this on it's like a
face for the recently I'm I know my
favorite eyeliner at the moment look
what eyeliner is the hospital one here
is called the efficient exit this one
here is called the fashionista and now
I'm just going to mix it with Nick
saint-germain the last thing I got was a
lips oh just like the L'Oreal blue liner
only really the ones is amazing it's
just like the Lauria like really really
really like it smells better than most
of my like high-end high-end err some
take my I'm taking my cover yoga and I
don't want me sleeping because they're
still dry and that ten should show stove
should should stove it says that
weightlessly
this is a whitelist flavor appears to
miss it says the full body it says it is
for damaged
why shouldn't like that'll be a night
like me next you have seen this once or
twice this is my LMS Scott androgen I
don't know why like the mascara isn't
faded or if you don't like if you don't
like shimmery blotting apart from my
diets I mean just shows shows to go it
just shows to go I think it will fulfill
all here grown a beard so that is my
empties our product on through
the one is amazing it's just like the
Loreal one they were good I asked on
Facebook and on Twitter to Hoonah wrong
I have a ton of look these are not Felix
next is the mua makeup academy and
waterproof eyeliner this is a little
looser hey if you don't make shimmery
brush lip read bit if you don't like and
this received weight and this came in
the mail for me too that just hit with
your more ice I blip but I'm just going
to add one more small thin layer on top
just to see him just to see how it
shades you know for the crease and we're
up with it does it okay yeah yeah here's
now take closer stop stay just
have a really great day and I'll talk to
you soon I
