I feel so hot right now I'm wearing this
turban thing I got it from this random
website I'll put a link down below but
it's like this microfiber like towel
thing because I just washed my hair and
it's so good cuz I hold your hair back
so you can do your makeup and it dried
your hair out really quick like not
dries your hair out it gets like all the
water out of your head real quick
so you're here dries twice as fast I'm
one of those people it's just like real
bed putting my hair up in a towel
because it just kind of folds down and
pulls my hair and heads so I like this
I'm just watching so Ella's latest blog
right now I said a cool idea for a video
I'm gonna do sometime soon um my blog
channel so stay tuned and I'm cooking
sausages right now and they smell really
good anyway the point of me vlogging
today is tonight I've been invited to a
lush events of me and my flatmate Ellie
are gonna go to that I don't really know
what it's about but I mean I'll take you
along and vlog anyway I'm probably gonna
pop into Mickey cos me to Qatar just
look around and because I'm addicted to
this store and it's just focused on me I
don't think it was asked him to put
aside a cream highlighter for me so
hopefully it's there cuz it was like
beautiful stunning amazing sir
today's just a bit of a full on me and I
hope you guys enjoy it I can't really
take myself seriously with this like big
- hidden thing on my head so I mean Ali
she's jadon we're just trying to get off
the stupid motorway because there's so
much strength it right now it is teri 41
p.m. and we're just gonna hit off
tonight like proton
like zooming off yeah we're gonna get
you are going to say it looks very
something going okay yeah and then we're
gonna go like you mocking its Queen
Street because this lush event tonight
is an on Queen Street so yeah we're just
shopping all day pretty much
great fun dirty to me
nor even like it's just the wood
when if many would give us what
and there be so much color and the
pitches
thickness
yes
got a new lipstick what is this called
coral blessed from neck and it's pretty
looks like that
yep yeah it's really nice it's nice it
it's like that's my philosophy a lighter
version of that sushi kiss that's what
it looks like yeah like you're in
Galicia it goes quite good with my top
that's right that's right that's right
right I've got the women and it's
amazing like a fiver criminals I always
bought them that are kids like I pop it
and they went dead on it and it's like
full oil out so you could still put your
makeup on it like because you know
usually you can't really cover it one
day yeah like what it sounds really bad
it is really big but it's okay me like
if I'm going out or something I need
alcohol
I think huh
Shannon Shannon she's gonna hit you oh
no she's very nice she's out oh god that
was really stressful Oakland traffic
don't you've logged me I'm gonna be nice
and leave a gap so people can turn but
nobody will do that for me take our
traffic no what time is it
I'm gonna hurry why oh yeah we're gonna
get there like one time probably on my
fridge is just parked like five straight
Hey
I always do that it's still working I
just spoke well my contact solution
emptied itself into my low E but
brand-new bag and hey mrs. camera was in
that in the screen isn't working so I
can actually tell if anything's working
right now oh no I think it's just Dhokla
like my possible was in my bag and it's
like a wig and I'm like crap crap crap
crank so anyways when I try to find a
park now we just um on my own crate
straight
I don't know I lost oh well screen is
gone
it's quite serious I mean like I mean I
won't we get maybe six other this one
this is quite big but it depends on your
water pressure it depends on how big for
the publicity some people put the whole
thing in you know don't want to see
people that they have been fine but
really really beautiful tense watery
beautiful pink color this is lovely
money evening cocktails chucking up
mounted with this one is and again
inside usually a liquid like there's a
lot that you get in the photo
we'll be back
yeah it will stain infusion everything
myself so specially Lindsay in the but
lutein that we do sitting here but you
have to circuit for this to admit it a
lit which is a kind of clay which is the
face gently gently soothing and a little
bit of cocoa butter in it as well just
to soften the skin and do it like little
bit of moisture after all that super
harsh cleansing the Mixel tea it's
taking it from their dry mix making
proteins alright so this is just these
are obviously their email is there any
stuff that we do um so we do these kind
of things that make these kind of kits
for a lot of our parties and stuff that
we have these for yes so I'm not sure if
you see that but it's really cool it's
just nice to be able to get people
interacting with it getting the hands
dirty and going for it taking a phone of
course the smoke and might be afraid
it's for the wit stuff into the dry
stuff and that's it if there's no you
know extra sort of chemicals added or
extra you know super super frequency
stuff added I think it's such a amazing
representation of what lush represents
you know it's made fresh by hand out in
actually um with fresh ingredients and
it's just unlike that you can take it
straight away and use my skin
yeah
I just like to be dramatic about it
I mean even without water it's already
it's not reason yeah yeah it's really
beautiful really
if you just leave it and rub it on it's
the best yeah because it's a cream and
the yeah
hey everyone excuse the Mitte here I
just felt like filming I am just waiting
to go out for dinner after an hour and a
half so I thought I would do the exeunt
tag or one version of it
I was watching Troye Sivan exit
