everyone excuse the Mitte here I just
felt like filming I am just waiting to
go out for dinner after an hour and a
half so I thought I would do the accent
tech or one version of it
I was watching Troye Sivan exeunt
challenge thing and he was just
hilarious and I thought the way he did
it was really cool and I feel nice to do
an accent tag thing for a long time
me and Hamish actually gonna be doing
one on his channel really soon but in a
different way again I asked you guys to
leave me random sentences and accents on
Twitter and Facebook I'm gonna like read
up in the next thing and it's kind of
confusing but you'll kind of understand
what I mean right now I am so blue I
greener than purple
I just think of bugs beauty something
that should make an exit the lime in the
coconut don't drink it all out oh my god
I'm so typical you know I ran in fact
I'm hard to make it I like big box and
it cannot what I like a bit buck and I
like big butts and I cannot lie or go
for the big bucks big bucks I sound like
a miracle something on our butts a good
act like Canadian I'm trying to make a
pact Carissa talks but I can't remember
meet me at Tim Hortons for coffee hey
meet me at Tim Hortons for a coffee it's
a sedative
Irish make it Tim Hortons for a coffee
a Thunderbird pass them pass the maple
syrup a Testament will sir ain't nobody
got time flat that would be like hey
Barbara where's the corn bread and
butter I can read it off the screen
again getting upside southern help one
minute I don't even know what company
like oh my god let's go to the beach and
then we can go get a California burrito
and cotton sunrise yellow hey y'all
let's go six Street this weekend we
can't come to this hey y'all let's go to
sixth Street this weekend
we keep I can't say weekend without
having until addicting potatoes I will
bless her heart part parrot pork
uh-huh and let those spots the design is
almost ready
I mean the design is almost ready I like
to make Christopher watching the telly
shut your mouth and eat your vegetables
and let's go the beach and surf the
gnarly waves
do you like the pair that could even do
a spin Jacob I like the titles because
they're so scary you automatically just
some races to be tried rotation in
Suitland will you pat my we Nadal and
it's not gonna dope now because my
camera is dying that was a really big
benefit but a perfect it was kind of
into tightening ish you want to see
another one write down some accents and
seems it's his down below and I dream up
until that one ever really good saying
that's what she's saying
a pot of stools it's my birthday I think
on Monday is it I don't know on the 12th
of August I ran off this Monday or
Tuesday and today's Friday so we're
gonna travel down to pommy just for the
weekend so I can see family for my 21st
and I'm not having a huge 21st
