hi everyone so today me and Kelly
decided to do a collab on a kind of
mainly vegetable side dish something you
can have as a starter or on the side to
like your meat or whatever you want to
do with it so today I'm going to teach
you how to make these really super easy
stuffed capsicum click the link down
below if you want to see how to make
these sauteed vegetables by Kelly
well she shows you how to make them I
had my stuffed capsicum for lunch and I
just served it with a few chili chicken
nibbles on the side you can stuff your
Kip's comes with absolutely anything you
can use your Cape skins and stuff with
leftovers or just any vegetables you
have in your pantry or fridge or
whatever whatever whatever and my
favorite combinations obviously you're
gonna need capsicum onion center it's
low some cheese and a few button
mushrooms and you will also need some
real stock or chicken stock beef stock
whatever you have B to stock quinoa and
broccoli and now I show you how to do it
it's really really easy all you're gonna
do is chop up all of your vegetables and
I'm getting rid of this like that's
gonna say sprouts the root know I don't
know what they call the stalk that's it
okay grid of the stalk is just chop up
all the green stuff off the top and chop
up the onion chop up the mushrooms and
then take your capsicum and chop off the
top and then chop out the innards so
it's basically just the shell of the
yummy outside capsicum
if you want to use some mate trips my
tastes really really good or shredded
chicken or something and I'm also going
to use a little bit of cheese just
because I love cheese and it makes it
really nice and kind of I don't know it
makes it all stick together and makes a
real creamy tasting which I love so now
I'm just going to cook the outside of
the cat's canister a couple minutes each
side just so that it kind of Greek cooks
it gets him a little bit so I don't know
I don't really like super SuperDuper
crunchy capsicum so it just helps to
speed up the cooking process once you
put it in the oven and then I'm going to
cook all of the tricks over and then add
in the veggies after you've cooked the
vegetables for a couple of minutes you
can pour in some of your beef chicken or
veggie stock and I don't know how much
I'm using I'm just eyeballing everything
just probably like half a couple so and
then I'm just putting in maybe a quarter
of a cup of quinoa I hope I pronounced
that right is a quinoa I don't know
and then just cook it until what that
green is nice and cooked through you can
also use rice or something like that and
then I'm just putting a bit of cheese at
the bottom of the cat skin and then some
veggies and then I just kind of lay the
cheese videos cheese veggies and put
some cheese on top and then I put them
in a oven proof you know a big proof
sticky proof tray thing and then you're
gonna put these in the oven for about I
don't know 20 minutes ten minutes I
don't even know I just did it until
everything was warm and the cheese was
melted it looks like that and you may
have leftover I did so I just gave that
homage to take as a stir-fry for dinner
but I served mine with some chicken
nibbles chili chicken pimples as I said
at the beginning and now I'm just
ruining it and cutting it open so it
looks like from the inside supa dupa
dupa dupa nice it tasted really really
really delicious there's so many
different flavors in there and it's just
so easy I hope you guys enjoyed this
recipe make sure to show you pictures if
you recreate it and have a really good
day I'll talk to you soon bye
