so today ash in Shannon doing the 2k
rowing challenge they're going to see
how long it takes them to row two K's
and it's a little bit of a competition
it's heaps of people here it's just
awkward it's meant to be a race here
amazing a feeling okay how do you feel
come on Shannon digger though I'm sad
she like a stubborn ass as soon as I
start even if I'm dying right now keep
going keep good what half of it isn't
Shayne's upgraded a rowing machine
okay so we just challenged act one and I
was like five hundred meters behind
because I can't just open because my
hands forgetting me I hate rowing and
now what are we going to thanks Jay some
new shoes so we're doing our weekly
trouble opening up our weekly challenge
now so I'm open it so the challenge this
week week five RS loving my challenge
five ingredients get your partner to
pick five key ingredients and create a
three-course master chef style feast
including starter main and healthy
dessert treat and dessert to treat your
special person you can use other
ingredients but those five must be used
so what they have to pick five
ingredients we have to use them all and
we have to create three things at entree
but what like Chinese diabetic so it's
this week's challenge that was probably
like a really boring video for you guys
to watch but it's just far if advanced
facial range yeah
joy knows no challenges yeah choose five
ingredients and see what you can come up
with four three courses so entree main
and dessert and we'll put up our
pictures on our Facebook page link down
below
hope you guys have a really good week
and I will talk to you next week
