hi everyone so today we're doing another
gaming video i'm here with him hey guys
i just finally had our hand awkward I'm
today we're playing this Chinese game
let's try it cat mario i just bet yes
hit Mario yet I don't know how to jump
what's the jump button ah I got it no i
didn't i died what are the rules the
jump button can be on the mouse but here
for jump up chef output for that work
yeah it's simple ok hmm so what let's
just can't marry oh well is it I don't
know kept this is Asian can't Mario
let's go so what we have to do kind of
mine I have no idea flat Mario pop you
go your turn no I just hit my god ok
write negative one lives yes popeus oh
 no you missed all the coins now
it's ok I feel like this is gonna happen
again uh-uh what's it folks yet I feel
like those little green things are
spikes as well ok urea taking the start
oh nice oh you can't jump up him what
what ok don't worry about the coins
it cuz we're gonna die member oh my gosh
i can't barbie whole you get a 5 yes I
thought this was a que wafer what does
it actually oh my good I cannot resist i
forget if i get a while I got you tiger
I want to tire
 off no one I even even touch me
movember about it ha ha and remember
when you get to hear this you have to
jump here like jumping plaque now nor
get everybody Oh like a sir get it get
it okay hey kill you damn it blah blah
blah blah de blah blair hills have eyes
part 30 oh how do i get past it
before i forgot about their forgot about
that oh I'll submitted remember what I
just up on so just keep going
underneath wait how do we go what fellow
me take the top one is this I don't know
Benedicta song stuck there was
your bosses member sometimes it happens
you gotta jump through the back there is
a there is a way to beat this camp hand
I did what you did ahhh now watch out
watch out morning just try and boss it
and just bounce over everything oh yeah
look at our fr√§ulein you remember I
feel like if you got the top something
else is going to happen that's worse but
can it ago you do it is that a cheap
point at Mass Bay just kick let's cut it
again oh go run chaser it'll Kelly
everything in front of us oh yeah what I
got hit by the star signing class you
got us for the cheap point paquius don't
know man I feel like there's gonna be
one of those invisible blocks here Laura
stick what legging I mean I mean
glitching ah yes the sticker blog oh um
trans Kiki gray and I bet you really
weird oh my god I died no no god damn it
they either marshmallow oh my god where
they come from or on candy floss Oh get
a jump just over I know I know it's hard
what are you doing it you don't that bit
day off what I mean yeah well hi yep
sugar you like a spoiled kid let blue
blend the hopper or you should be good
there look I wish I don't kill you you
don't even have to touch them in there
we go
what Helen nice look at that cloud look
out oh sure look they were sorry gave
you such a fright but watch out I know
huh come on I just feel like if I kill
one it's not going to work out well the
end what the yeah yeah so why how
do you do it should I just ran down the
bottom fell to the bottom of it do you
have to jump on there I'd like to clear
up maybe know what I got it a
Chomper know what sweetie you don't
touch her oh it is I'm play this
mike is my boat it was my phone jump up
after noon you jump over and jump it is
it gonna shoot me again hey Mikey clear
hmm now what do i do go back show maybe
touch it because it thinks they're gone
no if I lose like I think I've
lost I mean you don't need to do that
you meant to touch the clay after it's
gone
because he liked acting like we can
defeat where he goes what I mean to
fight pass before oh that was quite long
anyway was nuts apparently that's kid
matter its it because it just went to
change screens in it glitched out so
what did you guys think of cat Mario put
the link down below if you want to play
it they link to this website though just
search it cat mario yeah just search it
I hope you enjoyed this and if you want
to just play any different games leave
the link or not the link leave the name
of the game down below and we will check
it out and until next time goodbye see
ya so I asked on Facebook for you guys
to see me and random would you rather
combinations and I'm going to answer
them today and I hope you guys enjoy
this and if you're doing
