everyone so excuse the way I'm dressed
right now I just did like a clubbing
video tutorial things I didn't get
changed I'm just rolling with it and
continuing with my filming journey today
I'm doing another advice video because
that was highly requested today and I
asked on tumblr actually for you guys to
see me some advice requests and a lot of
them had to do with confidence and how
to have self-confidence basically so for
me confidence was really really hard to
kind of gain when I was a lot younger I
was so insecure about myself the way I
looked and I was insecure about my
personality because no one liked me I
was just a very insecure person
I had no confidence I was scared of
speaking up and talking to people
I was scared of doing anything in the
classroom I was give drunk speeches or
scared of like everything meeting people
bla bla bla bla I still am a very shy
person but I am a lot more confident and
myself just in the way I can kind of
just do what I want where what I want
say what I want without thinking about
what other people think of me I just do
me you know like I'm a lot more
confident myself and the way I act and
everything that makes any sense at all I
would say the first thing to try and
gain confidence with yourself is to
accept yourself I stopped reading
magazines when I was young because I
would always compare myself to models
and all the girls in the magazines and
celebrities that just look perfect
I sometimes look at magazines now
because I I'd know better now but back
then I was really upset you know I felt
down about myself I felt like I wasn't
good enough voice pick the noise
compared girls in the classroom to
celebrities and models and they thought
we were just hideous and disgusting boys
are so nasty so what I mean by kind of
accept yourself for who you are is you
know if you know you've got freckles you
don't have to love them but just accept
it you know you've got them think about
all those people out there that would
kill to have them look at the positives
some things are fixable you don't have
to be ashamed in fixing fixing yourself
up know people when you're grow young or
like oh my god you're so fake and bla
bla bla
that confidence is just knowing you know
you don't have to worry about what other
people think of you I started to realize
this at high school you know when I was
younger when I was at high school I
would be so worried about what everyone
else was thinking that I wouldn't wear
certain things or I wouldn't wear makeup
or I wouldn't do my hair a certain way
because I knew that oh my God look at
her
blah blah blah blah blah that you really
just got to do you like if you want to
do it you do it if you want to wear
something you wear it if you were
announced exits ugly her kids if you
like it we're obviously as long as it's
suitable flex school or whatever I just
feel like it really really really helps
when you just stop acknowledging others
and just listen to yourself when you
stop listening to all these people
they're being negative you stop feeling
down you stop feeling well you stopped
kind of questioning yourself you stopped
double thinking everything you do and
then literally like as soon as you stop
dressing the way you want to dress or
doing you here the way you want to do
here doing the makeup I mean doing your
makeup the way you want to do your
makeup it almost will give you
confidence because that's when you feel
good you know when you do yourself up
the way you want a dress or the way you
want to do this or that whatever you
will feel better and that's what
confidence is it's coming from within
like when you feel good confidence will
shine out you know everyone has
insecurities so don't focus on them you
know they're there but you don't have to
look at them as if they're like a bad
thing everyone has insecurities every
single person on this planet has
insecurities it's just that the more
confident people have learnt to live
with those insecurities and get on with
life you know what I mean but other
things confidence comes from you know
doing well at something or just
excelling at anything if you do
something well then acknowledge that
sometimes in life people will just
expect you to lower your standards or to
pretend like you're not good at
something just so that other people
don't feel bad everyone in this world is
good at something and that thing that
you're good at if you know you're good
at it it's gonna make you feel good you
can show that off to the world don't be
worried about people that think of it
showing off or anything like that like
yes you shouldn't have to stick down to
someone else's level just so they don't
feel bad about themselves like you need
to make yourself feel good and if
everyone did that no one would feel bad
because everyone would just be doing the
wrong thing at the end of the day if
someone is in your life and they're an
important person and you are important
to them your sixties sing at something
or being good at something should make
them happy as well and they should
congratulate you they shouldn't bring
you down because of that so anyone that
thinks you're just showing off or
anything like that they're probably not
the best person to be in your life
anyway you should be surrounded by
people that are trying to uplift you and
congratulate you and be proud of you so
if you're good at something do it you
know don't worry about what other people
think personally I felt a lot more
confident when I started doing YouTube
videos because I love to make up known
at my school understood like make up to
a huge level you know girl was just kind
of like oh my god she was so much makeup
but you know I as I said before I
ignored that I will make up because I
like makeup and then you know I started
doing YouTube videos and I've got some
comments and people like you're so good
at makeup like can you teach me how to
do this and oh my gosh I love their
makeup and blah blah blah blah blah you
know like this that made me feel more
confident because these people were
being kind to me and you know
acknowledging that I was good at
something and so my confidence rose
because you know I was like hey I
actually am not useless and everything
no one is useless and everything
everyone has something they're good at
so you need to find that thing and you
know develop your skills in it and push
yourself and show the world your talent
make sure you always acknowledge what
you have sometimes you feel down or not
confident every joke just because you
feel like oh you know I I don't have
this and I don't have that if everyone
just thought of all the things I
actually think for fall you know I have
an amazing family I have an amazing
boyfriend amazing frames I go to a
amazing school I you know blah blah blah
blah blah you're just be thankful for
the things you do have never focus on
things you don't have but focus on the
things you do have and then if you're
wanting to focus on those other things
focus on things you're wanting to work
towards it sounds stupid in relation to
confidence but honestly like I used to
be so down and be like real jealous of
my friends and things like that because
they had things that I didn't have it
always made me feel like crap and
therefore I don't feel the best about
myself I thought I was you know least
popular or less this or that this or
that you know I just didn't feel good
enough but as soon as I realize you know
I do have these things and I have these
things I have these things I didn't feel
so useless and worthless one of the huge
things that I try to kind of remind
everyone on my channel to do all the
time be positive always look at the
glass as being hurtful always find the
good in the situation always find
positive in everything because the more
positive you are the more positive you
feel on the inside the more positive
energy that comes out of your confidence
you'll just feel good and you know when
you feel good and have so much goodness
around you you really look good and
radiate you know confidence and
positivity it sounds so stupid but I
promise you it's Church always find the
positive positivity and confidence go
hand in hand in my opinion and I feel
like again when I start being more
confident within myself and who I was it
was around the same time that my mom
started being all of us like positivity
buzz and she's always drilling too many
like if I was like in a bad burdens too
bad things she always like no be
positive you know so you can do it
instead of thing I can't do that say I
can't do this or this will happen and
just those kinds of words like don't
even think about the bad situation
always think about the good situation
get yourself out of that mindset
it'll really just like making you feel
be that you know it's all I can of stuff
that goes into confidence like you feel
good about your mindset and what you're
thinking about confidence this is
something that was really hard for me
really really really really hot for me
accept compliments you know age is a guy
with if someone was like oh you're so
pretty like what a picture or something
like no I'm not I'm sorry
so many people do this and if you say
you don't do it you probably have done
it once once or twice in your life let's
be honest
accept the compliments they say though
you don't have to agree just say thank
you it's really nice or something like
that stop putting yourself down if you
put yourself down you'll feel bad about
yourself you don't have to be in vain
and say oh my god I'm so hot or anything
like that you just have to accept what
others say about you consider it you
know you don't have to think you're
pretty but you don't that you shouldn't
even think you're I believe you don't
have to think you're the hottest person
in the world but don't think you're just
no one don't think that you're hideous
don't think this or that if a boy was
ugly he's a dead link don't listen to it
you know something they always say about
confidence fake it you know you know
what you take choices before you do a
speech just pretend like you're really
good at speeches and maybe you'll pull
it off it's true if you're not feeling
happy and confident who cares if you
have a really bad day or her kids put on
a fake smile and pretend because half
the time when you pretend to be happy
you'll end up actually having a bit of
outlook on the day and it won't be as
bad as you think
if you pretend like you're confident
it'll happen if you pretend like you
don't care what anyone else's and will
eventually happen it did for me and it
will fear stay true to yourself this is
a huge one always be yourself when
you're like you know you're the best hit
being you you're the best at being
yourself
you're better than being yourself than
anyone else just like everyone else is
busy being them so why would you try to
be someone that you're not why would you
try to be someone else you were born you
for a reason so they acknowledge that
always be yourself have your own beliefs
have your own morals have everything
your own believe in things if you
believe in God that's cool if they don't
that's cool
you need to know what you believe in and
just stick to it you'll just feel so
much better knowing you you'll feel so
much better knowing that you're standing
for something you believe in if you are
trying to pretend to be something you're
not just for the sake of being friends
with someone that you don't really care
about anyway like you're not gonna feel
the best about yourself you will always
feel the best about yourself when you're
being treated yourself it sounds
but a lot of people forget that big
kinds of people because people will
notice when you're being kind and they
will be kind back to you and that will
make you feel good about yourself and
they will make you more confident with
others for me it was so hard like I have
found it so hard making friends and all
that kind of thing
but you know what as soon as you start
being nice to others and complimenting
others and just being friendly and they
you do the same back to you you just
feel so great I feel like one of those
like motivational speakers like doing it
I like him and written anything down so
I'm like I'm sure I had something else
to talk about but now I can't remember I
think I'm just gonna finish the video
here because I think I've got my point
across basically be you do you wear what
you want look how you want to look be
kind to others be positive be happy fake
it if you're not happy fake it and just
please don't put yourself down you
should never put yourself down everyone
is special everyone has talents and
everyone you know it should just be
happy with themselves and we need your
content and when you feel happy with
yourself and when you know and you
acknowledge your talents and what is
good about you you will feel content and
you'll feel confident in yourself just
stop and remember that you're special
and beautiful and you can do whatever
you want to do okay have a really good
day and if you've got any other advice
topics you want me to talk about leave
them down below because I'll do more of
these if you like them thumbs up if you
liked it have a really good day ah so I
asked on Facebook for you guys to see me
and random would you rather combinations
and I'm going to answer them today and I
hope you guys enjoy this and if you do
