we're go and snuck me into something
look at this beer every morning just
blowing away oh my god did I tell you
did I tell you I saw a stingray I think
I took telling you I'm just like on
island time right now no idea what day
it is just so relaxed it's amazing
tonight's the big reveal for the new
benefit product I'm so excited to see
what it is I'm thinking either super
shiny part of highlighters or I'm
thinking like an eyeshadow palette yeah
I think it's tonight maybe it's tomorrow
night I don't know no I think it's
tonight because everyone keeps saying
have a chill day smart my swimsuits from
Danby I ain't no Instagram model but I'm
bad with that this is the best thing
I've ever done in my entire life oh my
god we like woke up will not woke up too
late but I forgot we had snow clearance
in time our rides on our way to get us
and forgot to have breakfast and
snorkeling is very exhausting like when
you talk for hours so I'm like I need
some energy this was on the table from
last night and Wow
so good
there are dolphins up ahead boots if
they come over healthcare doing tricks
before
you're beautiful
so this is just freaking out
hey how's it going crap
doesn't matter what are we up to what
are you doing we're off to a private
island
nice how's your day been good we swam
the emmys all sharks
I mean snorkel with drugs and what else
yeah we went into quite deep water and
really done that before so we're going
over to this one I think I think man
it's hot I'm dying
it's nice here right it was really
shallow coming throw that apparently the
um the cards quite strong so that's why
I gotta be capable through hit oh krabsy
working and this place we are going to
lunch
yeah but Dennis already
Kermit crap everywhere
so the hex me they get here how did they
get here
no he thought them know that
is it gonna run
so there's some stuff here this looks
nice
holy man they bring all this ice over
just for us but quickly tears melting I
was just saying what would you do if he
like started sprinting at you so this is
the place we are directed we turned up
to this island and honestly how long was
the ride
Jurassic Park yeah like a 15 15 minute
Jurassic Park right let's call that come
the sky whoa yep thanks for holding my
clutch Amy that's right show them it you
like turn it on no I'll do it later
I've showed them yesterday I don't waste
the better all right okay let's gone
it's mean to be black and sparkly and I
wore all black
sparkly i watch camp is everyone looks
dope
for this I knew when we were through
their way looking us and them in the
place and they think this is a dopes it
up loads up there with the beats just
got here
waiting for everyone else to arrive and
this is the biggest launch of benefits
history today and it's been four years
in the making and so we really wanted to
share it with you special people I've
been in this business for quite a few
years
I'm just so humbled by all of you this
is my favorite tree this is my favorite
tree because of the bags can you see I'm
hanging upside down oh he's getting some
berries
my name he's so cute Oh what's he doing
I was a bitch I let them s just ripped
off it'll be in play right there is he's
a little burrito look how cute their
little faces are they're fluffy ho he's
hitting a berry those birds are so weird
they sound like children crying what is
that but it's a bit he's here every
morning this is my favorite tree I've
got some scrambled eggs coming I got
some cheese this is the weirdest
breakfast of it cheese chocolate
croissant tomatoes toast
got a load up on breakfast guys it's
free goodbye Maldives
