oh gosh hello everyone so I just woke up
and had a shower and everything and
today I'm eating my head on which I feel
like I just got my hair done like a week
ago life has just been so insane and
like hectic and fast-paced lately my
answers the Botox
isn't kicking in here yet but I have
noticed I can't run properly
it looks really stupid when I Drive I
can still lift up my eyebrows and
everything so I've still got all of that
emotion which is good it's not like
frozen or anything gonna parent some
makeup I feel like wearing makeup and I
need to test a new your beauty lip color
that I'm doing it's a collaboration with
a charity which is really exciting so
you guys will hear more about that you
know in the coming months um I don't
have a release date or anything like
that yet we're still just working on it
but yeah I did test it out so I want to
put it on with makeup cuz I tried it on
with no makeup last night and it was
pretty but it always looks different
when you've got like foundation and
stuff on you know so yeah and I might
have some breakfast and I will say I
feel so exhausted right now I don't know
why I'm gonna talk more about life and
stuff later on and now I need to put on
makeup
I guess it's my simple makeup of the day
I'm so tired and going to go maybe just
make something small for breakfast just
in case I don't finish up until late
afternoon and I'm starving by then I'm
not actually hungry at the moment but
yeah sometimes my head takes a long time
then I like regretting because I just
sat there starving for like three hours
I'm and then I'm going to finish off the
editing my video I'm editing my
cruelty-free makeup tutorials so yeah
and this is the lip color kind of looks
original watching why did no one know
kind of like a pinky aful Oakley but
it's a cream vegan finish what are we
making this and we make it toast yes we
yeah yeah oh there it is mmm not toasted
enough that I think delicious ends up
being hungrier than I thought - don't
you like that when you're I'm not hungry
then you cook food and then you're like
I'm so hungry
not a good
Sussie give me don't be jealous
she was told the man she calls dad might
not be in fact her father after all she
says
the wardens menu turned upside down on
the devastating allegation and she is
desperately hoping that this is nothing
but a lie this is a huge moment for a
real sensitive girl that lives on the
Jeremy Kyle show that way
you know all right now I'm editing
cruelty-free and makeup tutorial by the
time you see this vlog it's probably out
by now I'll show you how the image look
turned out I'm really happy with it you
guys were complimenting it like crazy
and my what video was that my favorites
video I think yeah what are these faces
I'd love to know what I'm talking about
you'll just have to wait and see I just
got a email from aritaum Megastore
congratulations you're in the rains
become New Zealand six years slavery I'm
not sure if that's what I should be
sharing with my viewers even though I am
now hey thanks guys all scheduled
who's that hi you were snoring hello
how spoil can you get I don't like I
understand if I was a dog I would want
to be here where we going a zoo see huh
where are we going look at your yeah I
just filmed a submission full face video
I'm just feeling so drained I don't know
why I don't know it's like the blood
tastes or cuz it's Friday or like what
it is by the way and this money that was
really out of the blue because today's
vlog is continuing off yesterday's vlog
but um this morning I got up and we got
a blood test right out of there
let's sign it for a little bit um got a
blood test I need to get two vials so it
wasn't too bad oh I just touched it and
it felt really gross
I think it's like so I mean tool
daughter like at this time I tried not
to think about it kind of hard not to
when someone stabbed me on the arm but I
don't know I like I'm really sensitive
to it I just tried to mentally think
like it's not a patient it's fine
because I feel like most of it fear is
mental I mean I know most of fear is
mental so I'm just trying to overcome my
fear of like this because I really want
to donate blood and I need to get over
it if I want to donate blood so it's
kind of like a goal of mine to do in
Christ I still felt crap still was
shaking a bit still it wasn't great you
know but I got through it and it's fine
as I said on Twitter people go through
worse stuff every day
they getting a blood test there are some
people that are so sick that they need
blood tears every day I should be
counting myself lucky that you know my
blood tastes are very not uncommon like
I don't have to give them very often you
know I mean I'm and then after
demonstrates the gym I went hard as I
was pushing myself I've only been back
at the gym for a few weeks and today I
did
95 kilos on the leg press I was feeling
pretty good about myself
just some squats and just hits the leg
workouts and bum workouts and a little
bit of cardio got back headaches and
then filmed this video oh wait no before
I head aches I walked the dogs also so
don't bother it's mine
Oh Tony to a clock and I'm just feeling
very like oh but the day I just wanna
curl up and beating gonna sleep
yesterday afternoon I've even got to
keep filming I'm sorry I actually took
my camera but it was the wrong camera
and that camera didn't have a memory
card in it so it was such a fail I'm so
terrible of logging sometimes um it's
night we're going for a big way our I
don't think I'm gonna drink those don't
feel very well
what if you're really tired and why hit
did and stuff so I think I should drink
um so I'll be this super D so yeah um
but I'm excited to eat
like I always I'm down to eight I'm
always down to go out for to know what's
my friends so it should be fun and I
haven't seen my friends in so long
because I've been working every weekend
doing meetups and stuff and then next
weekend I'm off doing meetups as well at
VidCon Australia which I will vlog so
yeah it's nice to kind of hang out with
my friends because I haven't seen them
in ages they are there I don't think I
have any more trips for a while which is
kind of nice as well like I just miss
being at home and just miss yeah my
friends and my puppies and stuff it's
just been work work work lately like I
just feel very tired and hits the blood
test I've noticed ever since going back
to the gym my belly fat is being
stubborn again which is a common thing
to do with cortisol um so I'm just
checking my cortisol levels to see if
they're a little bit high again and if
so I need to just do something to make
myself a little less stressed I think
the stress is just with the territory at
the moment especially with my family
member like she's really not well at the
moment like really really not well so
it's just always on your mind and then
like I've just been working so much
lately
I guess you're trying to take my mind
off stuff um but it's not really like I
should probably just relax sometimes we
watched ozark on Netflix highly
recommend it was so good and we've just
started watching last night we just
started watching finally what's it
called with Archie what's it called huh
you know the one the Netflix one with KJ
up on it fun fact I met KJ upper we got
a selfie together I wish I could find it
yeah always the way anyways um now I do
you like my um my bums on my showing in
the mirror I'm wearing this little wet
dress from a white folks boutique which
kind of makes me look really wide
but it's really cute just just like it
calls it and you tighten it actually um
and it kind of flared out from the
corset part it's like a shirt dress I
think I look cute with heels though I
think it just makes me a little white
because I'm so short
like once I have heels on I think it'll
look much more balanced I've got some
hair extensions in just talking nonsence
at the moment I feel like I just need to
take an hour just to like chill out
might go hang out famous for bet he's on
holidays at the moment I'm so jealous
that's probably another reason feeling
really unmotivated right now because
he's like having fun
now my back is so sore oh so tight
anyways um oh what you guys soon but our
lecture is falling off the silage would
not stick down today on my video no
matter what I did
