hey everyone so today I'm going to teach
you how to make this delicious frittata
and I used the main ingredients of bacon
and kale and I also edit in some
mushrooms and onions you can use
whatever you would like is the
ingredients but this particular
combination was evenly so you must try
it
Kelly's corresponding dish this week is
also a frittata except it's chicken
parmesan and green vegetable flavored
and it looks amazing you're going to
need some bacon if you want to use bacon
I used three pieces of middle bacon also
heaps and heaps of kale mushrooms onion
and I used six eggs if you're using
small eggs use eight eggs also I have a
small handful of cheese and some
mayonnaise and some people are taste
pre-heat your oven to about 180 degrees
Celsius because we will be sitting there
patata and net later
in the meantime chop up all of your
ingredients I'm chopping up my kale into
little bits I'm probably using about 2
cups worth and then I'm using 1 whole
red onion and chop that up also and then
again with the little mushrooms I'm
probably using about 10 button mushrooms
also you can add any ingredients like
capsicum or I can't think of anything
else I let off my head you can use
anything though and I'm also chopping up
the bacon I'm just literally slicing it
into long strips and then dicing it up
even more because you don't really have
to be very technical with this
I'm gonna be cooking my bacon and
vegetables in a little bit of coconut
cooking oil so I'm putting in my bacon
and might add the vegetables to cook
ahead of time a couple minutes before I
pop in the kale just because the kale
won't take as long and you basically
just want to cook all of these
ingredients until the bacon is cooked
the veggies are cooked and the kale is
all nice and wilted
in the meantime put all of your eggs
into a jug I'm using six as I see it
because they have slightly larger eggs
and I'm also putting in a big dollop of
mayonnaise just for some extra flavor
and extra fat and I'm just gonna blend
it together with some salt and pepper
before you add the e steel pan make sure
you reduce the heat to about medium-high
basically just pour the eggs evenly over
the mixture and don't mix it all
together because I don't really know why
we'll just turn to scrambled eggs then
you just want to kind of see this over
and if it's not covering any bit it's
just kind of mess with it and put it
over and then it just leave it don't
stir it don't play around with it just
leave it and cover it once you've
covered it just leave it on the stovetop
to cook for about five more minutes and
it will start to look like this and you
can see I'm just pushing the edges and
it's already starting to lift off the
pan perfect it means you can add your
cheese and edit the oven or put it in
the oven and then put it in there for
about five minutes take it out when it
looks something like this and it's
peeling away from there just even more
and then while it's off the heat you can
just put the lid back on for a couple of
minutes and completely sit you can take
off the lid it'll look like this and I'm
using my finger right now real hygienic
but you can see it's completely like
lifted away you can slide it onto a
plate and serve it up if you're a fan of
stuff like bacon any pie or kale chips
or bacon eggs you're going to love this
because it's a mixture of the three like
that flavor combination is just
phenomenal if you try this out make sure
you send me a photo a hashtag mentioning
so and I will see you next Friday for
another recipe yeah
