hey everyone so today I thought I would
do would you rather video so I asked on
Facebook for you guys to see me and
random would you rather combinations and
I'm going to answer them today so I got
my computer screen here so I'm reading
in both hit okay so Sam law asked hey
Sam yes would you rather be blind or
paralyzed from the neck down who neither
I think I would rather be it's so hard
because either you can't do anything you
can't see anything um I think I'd rather
be paralyzed because like my being in
life is just being able to see pretty
things and enjoy things that I can see
oh that's so hard I don't know I feel
like I should rather be blind because
then at least I can walk around and do
things but what's the point when you
can't see I don't know barbecue sauce or
tomato sauce barbecue i freakin love
barbecue sauce although i do like tomato
sauce some tomato sauce on a pie it's
always good I haven't had a pie in so
long would you rather go without makeup
free year ago with that care products
for you differently care products
because I don't ah sorry definitely care
products because I don't really have
many hair products in my hair anyway at
least eight counts shampoo and
conditioner because in that case I would
rather go without makeup for you but if
it's just like here products like
styling products then definitely i'd
rather go without hair styling products
oh pretty good would you rather change
genders every time you sneeze or not be
able to tell the difference between your
muffin I would rather change in does
every time I sneeze because that would
be hilarious and I've always wanted to
see what it's like to be a boy plus if I
even had a baby I wouldn't want to
misplace my baby in the pantry and grab
muffins and try to breastfeed muffins
that's awkward would you rather be
sexually attracted to fruit or
permanently head twistys stuck two
fingers like the dust stuck two fingers
if it's permanently stuck to my fingers
does that mean you can constantly look
it off and always be there because that
I'd probably get really over late
because I love twistys I think I'd
rather be sexually attracted to fruit
because then at least I could stay away
from fruit at least someone like looked
at a banana in my house that would be a
bit tragic would you rather destroy your
makeup collection
clothing collection clothing collection
because I don't really have expensive
clothing or anything like that when I'm
talking about my clothes I probably only
wear like like twenty percent of my
wardrobe I'm constantly going through
and like grabbing stuff for charity or
grabbing stuff her friends so I probably
rather have my fashion collection
destroyed no violations or no eyebrows
I'd rather have no eyebrows because I'm
probably better drawing on eyebrows then
try to stick on false eyelashes when
there's no eyelashes there to hold onto
them would you rather never shave your
legs ever again or never wet your
eyebrows ever again never where's my
browser again because I probably pluck
my eyebrows maybe once every two or
three months like this is my natural
shape and I get like three or four years
that Grimes neath so I wouldn't really
get terrible eyebrows anyway would you
rather be able to speak every language
fluently will be up to talk to animals I
would so rather talk to animals like
that was my childhood dream would you
rather we're the same outfit for the
rest your life or eat the same food for
the rest of your life that is a really
hard one because you get sick of it
either way I think I'd rather wear the
same up if there is my life granted am
allowed to wash it because I happen to
like hang around and Duty underwear in a
duty bra the rest of my life that's not
very fun would you rather be invisible
will be able to fly I would so rather be
able to fly because people think oh
you'll be invisible and I like spy on
people and listen to conversations but
some things are better this is really
random but I think some things are
better like when you don't know about
them if you what I mean so it would just
get you into really bad situations but
if you can fly like hollow convenience
and how cool is that would you rather
live in a mansion with no makeup or live
in a trailer home with free lifetime
supply of makeup I would rather live in
a mansion stuff makeup I would live in a
mansion have a baby tomorrow or no use
you for the rest your life I have a baby
because YouTube is my life not just as
my job but because I love watching
YouTube like I don't watch TV and stuff
often i watch youtube videos so like
that would be really boring and I'm
going to have a baby one day probably so
I might as well get over and done with
not like actually wore one tomorrow
would you rather bungee jump or sky dive
I think I'd rather skydive because at
least you're like up
down in the net set up a bungee jumping
like you just bounce up and down and
feel really sick that sounds really
stupid because it seems like skydiving
would be the hot option but at least you
have someone tied to that will I pull
you out you can shut your eyes the
hallway and then you're on the ground
that's over but thank you jumping you're
like didn't it ended in it would you
rather be homeless for the real life
I'll live well for this your life but
was no clothes I would live with no
clothes because TMI but I don't we have
many colors on him anyway so would you
rather it to be summer every day of the
year winter summer one hundred percent I
hate winter like hate winter and as soon
as the Sun comes out I suspect as soon
as the Sun comes out I like twice as
happy like today the Sun was out and I
was just so starved and I was productive
and I did lots of stuff and I was just
start with life but when it's raining
and cold I'm just like this like sitting
in my room really angry not actually
angry buddy you get what I'm trying to
say I don't like the cold and I don't
like winter would you rather only be
able to whisper or shout everything I
think whisper because at least thing
you're not so obnoxious now you're
really annoying while training film
videos and stuff thought I'd who gave
like a microphone clip to me like I
can't stand it when people like I used
to have a friend that would be like that
like you should be just like all the
time like yelling everything like calm
down summer so yeah then as mine would
you rather video let me know if you
liked it and I'm sorry if I sound really
really really really a hot pot in this
video it's just because yeah I'm really
hippie and it is 831 at night Haymitch
is working and I'm going to start to
live in a clock and I don't know I'm
just happy all of you guys have a really
amazing day um I probably won't get this
upper center filmed it because it'll
type of you I'll eat it but yeah every
really good day I'll talk to you see ya
