hey everyone so I've got my week to
little rapid fitness top secret weekly
challenge so let's see what I have to do
this week and I hope you guys are
joining in anyone in the entire world
you don't have to be joy represent us
conjoining with me these are basically
weekly challenges that we're doing based
on health fitness food oh I don't like
this challenge okay week 2 3 kilometer
run without stopping and every five
minute interval you have to do 10
burpees this is going to be new for me I
hate running outside with a passion and
I want to give some new running shoes
maybe tomorrow I'll go find some new
running shoes and that can borrow at me
so who's going to do this I will be so
proud of anyone that can do this with me
well that's that I'll see you guys soon
what's my first update we'll see how far
I can run the first time I'll update you
with how I go so I just went for the
first attempt and I know I'm wearing
makeup but it's already headed on I had
a moment of inspiration to go for a run
so I took it an engine take off my
makeup it was just a quick one I got
down I think 1.2 1.3 I think just over
1.3 kilometers and just over seven
minutes and stopped like obviously to do
boobies as well I was just like hood
like couldn't even breathe properly I'm
so bad when it comes to running outside
i'm just like but that's a pretty good
first attempts i'll keep doing it every
day and hopefully daily I'll get more
and more down hopefully I'll at least
hit the halfway mark tomorrow I might
even try doing it on the treadmill at
the gym just seeing how far I can get at
once without stopping and then go from
there yeah so one point I've just
written it down like one point three
kilometers and just over seven minutes
for the first time which I know heaps of
people could do better than their bum
quite proud of myself oh Sh so yeah
seven minutes 27 seconds i've got my
little paul to watch here i use the law
no Jane it just to track where I went
except I'd stopped it halfway um so that
was a bit dumb but I'll see you guys
tomorrow
hey guys so I thought I'd to another
update I'm just waiting for him if she's
at the bank setting up a new flood
account for us um because the flooding
ellsworth shane has now gone to London
anyway um this morning we went to the
gym and we were on the treadmill we did
like I went for a run you know the other
day was the day before yesterday and I
vlogs after their you guys saw that like
right before I'm living um the next day
my knees were so sore and I used to have
knee problems when I was a bit younger
like I remember going on like a hiking
trip and my need dislocated and it was
real sore and I never really got it
fixed I think just the like pressure on
my knees and my joints was really sore
but I ran life out better today so into
the gym and I ran for 10 minutes
straight quite quickly and then man how
much realized that the actual distance
sitting wasn't even stood up properly so
there was a fail but we're going to go
back tomorrow morning as long as my
knees are ok tomorrow morning and give
it a go again I might try run on the
street again after tomorrow and see if
my needs of strengthened up a bit at all
because usually I stick to bike rowing
and cross trainer so it's not like
outdoor running where you really have
like up and down and like lots of strain
on your knees and everything and but if
not I'm just going to try and do the
challenge on the treadmill because it's
better doing it on the trip more than
not at all i really want to accomplish
this so yeah I de two minutes I've no
idea how far I went in 18 minutes
hopefully I would have at least cost
like halfway and I didn't do any of the
burpees in that time sorry about the
noises like trucks going around
everything um and also this morning at
the gym we did rowing me and Hamish
worked out together mostly we did
growing we did playing king for a few
minutes and we also did I did like the
lake presses and I did other leg
workouts and so it was basically a
league day mostly I suppose you could
say so yeah I'll update you again
tomorrow and let you know how far we get
and what time hopefully we'll either
reach our goal on the treadmill or get
close to it and then I can try it on the
street as well and just see if I can
conquer it also got my nails done
yesterday from the ollie nail girls if
you follow them on it
degrom and I got a little tifa Talia she
passed away today I was devastated I
want to cry so I'm gonna talk too much
but who's really really sad we used to
talk a lot on facebook Messenger and
like just chat about stuff and chat
about when we were going to meet up and
like when I came when I was going to
come over to America and like come hang
out with her IMAX and stuff so I don't
know it's really really really did was
stating that she's in a better place now
so that's good i'm happy that she's not
in pain anymore everyone so i thought i
would update you today's Sunday so the
last day of the week the challenge this
morning I went to the gym I didn't
actually end up going on friday or
saturday so you say in the day before
because I got really really sick not
really really sick but my glands got
real swollen my throat was killing me i
didn't actually come down with anything
but my thorat was just not agreeing with
me so i didn't actually go to the gym or
go outside exercising those two days
because i didn't want to make myself
really sick which i think was a good
decision because i feel a lot better
today still a little bit sore but not
too bad anyways this morning i went to
the gym i did actually end up running
for three kilometers without stopping
which was a huge accomplishment for me
like i haven't run like for a long time
since I was about 11 or 12 you know for
long distance or anything like that I
can't remember how long it took me i
think was like 20 minutes or so like
something like that I've got a photo of
it on my phone I have to double check
but I ran it three kilometers no
stopping but I didn't do the burpees so
I didn't completely successfully do the
challenge but I am still really happy
with how I went and it's something that
I can work towards in the future I'm
really really proud of myself like so
proud of myself because I thought I was
sucky it running probably still AM
computer viously still lame compared to
some people but you know I just feel
really accomplished and I feel like I
actually did something really good la in
this blog how I reduced it Irene 10
minutes straight you know the daftar
that my thought it was killing me and
now sorry I just look I'm just looking
at Twitter and apparently there was a
huge earthquake in Wellington
um 6.8 holy crap i hope everyone in
wellington's okay oh my gosh can you
guys feel it and I promise north and
stuff oh my god it's so scary okay I
hope you guys are all okay and I'm just
gonna quickly finish off this video so
yeah yeah my body was like really
feeling it the day after I did that run
on the treadmill at the gym so basically
my next goal like obviously tomorrow
open up a new envelope and you'll see
that later um but yeah my new goal for
tomate tomorrow the future is going to
be you know to keep on running and
hopefully one day I can run 3 kilometers
outside without stopping my biggest
issue with running outside as I run
really really fast at first i tire
myself out really really quickly so I
really need to learn to breathe and to
pace myself while I'm running outside so
we don't use up all my energy really
really really quickly on the treadmill
at the gym I can kind of just go one
steady speed and I can therefore last a
lot longer so it's easier for me and so
yeah that's my goal I'm going to keep
running on the treadmill at the gym and
it's not each time but most of time
going to go the gym I'm gonna do that
just so I can keep up my fitness um you
know in my running and hopefully so no
we have to do you know three kilometers
a lot faster outside and even do burpees
as well so yeah thank you all for
watching and if anyone else did this
challenge let me know how you eat and if
you want to do this challenge do it next
week and then tell me how you went
because I really love you guys to get
involved anyway I'll catch up with you
guys tomorrow with next week's challenge
