hey everyone sorry if I'm not looking at
the camera I'm driving right now but the
reason that I'm driving and filming is
because I'm going to so super slow I'm
going 20 kilometers right now I'm on the
Western motorway and it is crawling so
I'm off to pick up Ash and Mellie so we
can go to lea lights little nail salon
opening so I just thought I'd do a
really short follow me and show you what
it's all about and Leah light is like a
kind of like a celebrity now artist or
something you could say some people like
Katy Perry and stuff like that so I
haven't met her before but she is on
record fitness so that's kind of how I
know of her but she seems really nice
from the times I've talked to her online
so yeah just hoping they actually get to
ashes on time because I mean crawling
for about the last half hour it is
everyone sorry about the really short to
blog problem the other day it's now a
new day me and Hamish have just been
filming one morning or he's been doing
his videos so I just thought a blog said
to make this follow me blog a lot longer
I'm not sure what we're doing I think
we're gonna go to chat later and yeah I
don't know I got this top from it is to
be take and bought it myself and I'm in
love it reminds me of one of those like
kaleidoscope things used to use as a
cake you like look through it and then
like twist it and it would like do these
different patterns it's like exactly
what this is and then I'm wearing to
pray leggings I bought these like right
before I did the detox haven't worn them
before put them on today and they are
loose so good and bed thing I'm kind of
bummed because what a waste of money but
it's still wearable they're just not as
tight as I like my jeans to be they're
kind of like the loose around the thighs
and loose on the bum and I like to show
off my but not literally but you get
what I mean
I like it look nice and shapely rather
than having baggy jeans I'm digging
myself a hole
oh you bought me a toy well thank you
hello hello this is my new chair I
bought this from freedom furniture
because I'm sitting up Shane's room
because he's leaving to go to London I'm
sitting up his room is my filming room
and this is my chair would you call it
my Doctore bullshit yeah my doctor evil
chair Hamish is cleaning we've got this
tiny TV because the TV we had with
Shane's and this is Hamish is tiny
little TV because we don't have a big
one and it looks really awkward
what are you doing I like your here's
their
that tenets the big major pocket war
motivators
we're gonna go through a drafter for the
piss times day I mean I drag through car
wash because my car's really really
built it
I'm so bad and looking after my cars go
to the dog store at 3 in the afternoon
true believers can pay Misha's Fridays
and Saturdays also Spri day oh we forgot
and I like trying to get to North Shore
and there's lots of traffic so it's
taking a while
I joined a facebook conversation today
and it's a biggest bucket mistake of the
day and started off small I answer one
question yeah I mean everyone's
commenting on it and I've got
notifications going off you really
shouldn't have call me always
everybody's on something no I just hate
it I shouldn't have seen anything
what what
yes
what
this or that that was open sorry
shoe shopping
I'm busy
like these ones
you should come over here for Matt come
over here for my shoes
oh my god be good she's a good Brown
shows
I love this
Gundam style UK image just mine lots of
toys toys I got so would one go
the time hat machines and you have like
the cool and then you win toys we got
three so he's gonna head them I'll block
him
today we are going shopping for
furniture it's a new day again my vlogs
are all over the place at the moment but
it's a new day and we're just in
Newmarket because basically our
flatmates moving out so I'm taking over
his room as a beauty room for filming so
we here in your market at this place my
flat-pack because this is I've got I
care stuff we just never look otherwise
we'll go to freedom there's a black one
way to prices so we're gonna go where we
gonna go go to freedom and we have
stationary because we're budget and $800
for the same thing I could buy at
stationary warehouse like 100 it's just
not good basically right freedom ah-hey
Misha's hangover
we're poor how much
a bit longer put a dag we got shelves
and we got a spice rack and we got a
label printer we're doing this again
so to hood hotel you just start driving
where is it present behind us go right
right and you want to go in well I'm
thinking this is no it means no entry so
that's in yeah so you type in the code
people are making fun of eyebrows
because they're high-arched they're fine
I got help show me that
show me on the photo I look good
and if I think they look good doesn't
fucking matter
emergency stop yeah just read the
brushes maybe it's a light wasting them
fucking out for something I don't know
for us for the other people to cut like
you know
okay did they make it long enough
it's it
at my firm sorry for
she opens now windows up do it here we
go who's my first one I'm a little baby
car oh shit there it goes just a soap
yeah there's the soap turn on your
window workers as well
so I've just started putting together
everything in my room got my ring light
which is super duper bright I've just
got the bit up there at the moment
because she's got into them and ripped
up all the tissues on the ground so lots
and lots of white and I spray-painted
this white but enough I like it and I've
got another one coming so don't know if
I'll pick that one white but we'll see
so it's just all my makeup and now I've
got this chair here from freedom
furniture the disc is from freedom
furniture this shop here was from
warehouse stationery and then I got this
coat rack off eBay and then the
warehouse mirror and then just sussing
out the Wardrobe and everything so
that's the basics of mirror and so far
so I'm just starting to put stuff on the
shelves so I can start filming tomorrow
because I've got lots of videos that got
planned to do so yeah hopefully the
lighting and he will be ok with this run
light I obviously haven't got to see
that properly at the moment but yeah
this is it
