hey everyone so today I'm going to teach
you how to make these kind of bread like
things you can use these as like snacks
you can use these as burger buns which I
did you can use this as a pizza base
it's really up to you is just a really
nice bread like texture except its wheat
free grain free all that good stuff
gluten free so this is what I made with
my lens I might do a recipe for these
another time
but I'm showing you how to make the
bread portion and also Kelly who's made
summit reps she's made some sweet raps
and savory reps and shown you how to
make that delicious looking rep posh so
let's get started so first of all you'll
want four egg whites and I'm going to
save the yolks and use them in something
else you'll need some Sicilian husk or
however you say that coconut flour
baking soda you'll also need some
natural salt and some boiling water and
a little bit of apple cider vinegar
you
pre-heat your oven to about 160 degrees
Celsius and then you want to mix
together all of your dry ingredients in
a large bowl and I'll write all of the
precise measurements in the downbar
next and then your apple cider vinegar
and your four egg whites
you want to combine this until it's
thoroughly combined clearly and then it
in your boiling water you want just
under half a cup and that will give you
a really nice kind of t-shirt or Pierre
quite wheat at first but it'll just turn
into like a doughy kind of thing and
then you can just take them into balls
or into flattened balls like what I did
and just separate them you can do lots
or you can do a few and then put them in
the oven for about 25 minutes or so
until they're really really nice and
golden on the outside I saved mine as
little burgers I make my own burgers my
own meat patties and if you want to
recipe it just let me know and they were
delicious
so yum I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you try it out hash tag me on
Instagram or Twitter or shorts me on
Facebook have a really good day and I'll
talk to you soon see y'all
