hold and my friends mmm my friends over
it
what's apply by Yves saint-laurent tachi
klett how have you say that what let's
just flow out this dusty rose pink color
me not roses for us it's it good okay so
okay so now you can fit it I'm gonna mmm
I keep Minnie says if your profiles are
on par I keep seeming yeah I bought this
one online at the same time is that um
the inner what one was it I bought this
one at the same time is the
very very kind of judgment like mmm kind
of dramatic
it can be like a dinner dessert to treat
it it can be like it did why I stun or
not yeah I'm stuttering like natural
glowing easier said than done this hair
tie is really really tight yeah and then
I can important there another a pump and
an important it runs like oh my gosh
okay next I'm going to conceal it
frightened if if you want the bun to be
behind it put abundant if you want your
bun to be behind you here
well this end the a snap at once I kind
of like you know just Edward I kind of
like alternate between them all so I I
just cannot wait I cannot wait to wear
this I don't know I already I can mix
I'm going to prime and not prime
we're getting a lot of good feedback
saying I mean I'm thinking a lot of you
guys saying that you really really an
even know this is violet but I'm saying
it cuz I like this this is my tots
taught this is my time it's beautiful
you're beautiful
it was really with
