hi everyone so today me and Hamish mush
mush vlogs we're doing a random topic
vlog for my channel so I asked my
facebook if you guys leave me a hollow
random words and we're just going to
talk about some random stuff quickly how
much has worked really soon so it's
gonna be a bit of a quicker one but
hopefully you guys will like it working
out and eating healthy like how to start
working out and eating healthy we did
where did you start with a nice like
when you started working out why did you
start working at and what motivated you
okay I started working out because I
noticed I was becoming a fat slob like
not real fit just you get lots of weight
around your face and also around like
your stomach area and I was like now I'm
single now so I've got to start getting
into shape yeah not there is much of a
slob just taking whatever so that
motivated me and also a couple mates of
mine said they're going to join up two
Jet's with me a fighter and at first I
was real nervous I was like our
government done this in ages and then I
look like an idiot
but once I got in and did it I felt real
good about myself and it's paid off now
yeah and like Shannon likes it now as
well oh yeah well I started like when I
started changing my eating habits it
wasn't about losing weight at first like
I you see real unhealthy all the time
like all I ate was pasta snacks like
anything that came in a packet it's so
been like frozen chicken like that's all
I ate so I was like I need to stop
eating like this because one day like
excited fast metabolism big thing but
then it starts slowing down is they got
a bit older and I was like hey need a
change my eating habits so that's how I
lost it so when it first and then like
recently like I just like I lost that
way Milo why not try to be even better
you know like why not try to have an
amazing body rather than just you know
like stop halfway I guess so let's move
and fitness everything came in and yeah
my motivation is just like you see your
body changing and you feel really really
good like I don't know about you but on
this new eating plan we're on I just
feel so much better than I did a few
weeks ago like I like my tummy doesn't
get uploaded and I just feel you know so
it's like my motivation and just makes
me feel good and look good and then you
see the progress and then you carry on
going yeah and at the end of the day
there's no point in just eating bad all
the time as well I reckon like it's so
easy to decide
eight bed if you want why and why such
portion sizes yes this is not like
there's really no point when you think
about it because afterwards after you
like sit all if you get a small portion
and you just sit off for five or ten
minutes afterwards with a glass of water
you'll notice you're full up anyway yeah
and I suppose record fitness motivated
us to do it because we wanted to try it
out and see what it was all about yeah
it was actually good yeah and then also
like motivation like for both of us as
you guys because you're watching us so
it kind of puts that pressure on we want
to be good role models and like yeah
encourage other people to eat healthy
and we've got five things you can't live
without okay you go first just say one
internet engineer differently you're
gonna so Joe knows the gem to be honest
like as part of my routine now I have to
do it at least once a week or else I
feel real yuck and unhealthy so I
couldn't live without there we're not
the gym just working on keeping foot I'd
say make up obviously and not because I
feel I play without makeup just because
makeup is like my biggest passion or my
biggest hobby
just like gaming would be for you like
one of your big hobbies TV I couldn't
live without TV it's so awkward when
like there's no TV in the house a then
you're gonna feel awkward food because
if we didn't eat we would die alone I
couldn't over that cologne kiddin ya
know I hate smelling I could easily look
without perfume because I always forget
to put it on do you yeah I couldn't live
without I know I couldn't live without
my toothbrush because I feel man key
when I forget to brush my teeth you know
sometimes I hear in a hurry you forget I
don't know if this just maybe but
sometimes like not often but if you do I
leave the house in the morning because
you've been so busy an you forget to
brush your teeth and the whole day
you're like I couldn't live without my
cell phone as well yeah my phone like my
phone I do everything on that phone
differently worst foods peanuts I used
to hate carrots so much much hate
carrots so much and now I'm starting to
slowly ease to it I started juicing them
and they're not so good but I still
can't just like a to Karis it yeah my
boys food would be onion white onion and
as fat as a brown onion it's brown isn't
it what what I think it's white but if I
cook it and put it on I don't like it
yeah but you still know yeah I know but
excuse me here's a piece of white
hanging on people do that much they're
frozen Chinese anyway I couldn't live
without that I mean wait I what's it
like living together the worst no Eva I
was like you know when you're like
younger and everyone's like never move
in with your boyfriend and it'll ruin
your relationship and stuff like that
but so far so good
yeah it's good what you angry at each
other all the time though yeah but we
just we get it to the point where we get
angry at each other and then we just
like tell each other way stupid and then
carry on with life like nothing ever
happened
like we don't get into makes of
arguments we like we don't talk the
day's or anything but it's more like
we're going to talk for about 10 minutes
yeah who knows everyone gets into
arguments for yeah it's normal but it's
yeah living together isn't influenced
about it's just stuff in general but
yeah living to this good apart from he
always steals the blankets and blames
that old me we want to get into this
she's like she does a her kiss will you
be doing that watermelon challenge yes I
want because I I'm gonna be not gig I'm
gonna be doing more I'm gonna try and do
like fruit challenges now cuz I can't
really do real bad ones while I'm on
record fitness but yeah I'll be doing
the watermelon challenge and other
challenges like I'll make some
after-dinner healthier so I can actually
do some I don't know if Shannon will
join me but hopefully I can get John
Owen on it so we'll see it hold up hey
given towards sponsored videos what's
what sponsored videos that like
companies that will pay you to talk
about something yeah but people seem to
think you always do there and you don't
I don't people like about record fitness
the I you're sponsored by record fitness
like tell people in your videos are
sponsored but none of my videos are
sponsored by Ripon fitness I am a repeat
Fitness imbecile
you guys there but rape of Fitness
doesn't say Shannon you have to do a
video on this today like they don't say
that record Fitness is literally
jane-cam who actually took my really
good friends now into it pain which is
really good friends now like they're
amazing people just really down-to-earth
normal Kiwi people they do not make me
do anything they do not force me to do
anything
every cooking video Angela's from my own
choice every update videos my own choice
like I'm not sponsored ok whenever I say
they and your videos I'm like like they
just jumped to conclusions oh and
another thing like sponsored videos I
can see why some people get mad but for
someone like me I I've done like one
sponsor video for like daily look and I
did that because I love daily look like
I don't I'm not the kind of person that
will get contacted by a company and
they'll say look we'll pay you blah blah
blah blah and you can say how much you
love this product like I will not at
least I do love it like if I love it so
true like she's turned down so many
people's like between us because of that
yeah even just people wanting to see me
there's stuff to try like if I don't
like it or if I think you guys aren't
gonna like it I don't do it like I got
seeing all these flesh skin care things
I'm like who's gonna pay like a grand
for this well that's the point is I just
told them like nah I don't really think
I'll do a video they sorry
but if you get like sponsored stuff from
people and they want you to do a video
and you don't like it you don't hate on
the day you just I don't even
I just acknowledge it exactly like
anything I use someone videos I love and
why most of you guys know that because
every single time someone buys something
that we like Sheena I bought this I love
it you know it's not just like I'm
saying go buy this crap just because
someone's paid me like no one's like in
99% of my videos that had not sponsored
like people see me stuff all the time
because I'm not affiliated I'm like like
all the PR companies in New Zealand see
me stuff just like they would see
magazine stuff just like though it
seemed beauty companies and freelance
makeup a how-to stuff just to try and so
that's what I use but it's not like they
don't even ask me to use it in a video
it's literally like they send it to me
to try out it's not like these no
strings attached ever so I literally
just use anything I like so if I you
I say I like it I like it I'm not being
paid to say that who's your favorite
youtuber who's my favorite youtuber I
like what I've been watching later
I like the healthy guy he's real good
I've been watching have a lot lately as
well
I was really liked his videos he laughs
all the time yeah Alfie's real good he's
just real genuine he seems like a bit of
a good one it's not really good video
ideas that he's always doing really
interesting ideas it's not just boring
stuff over and over again it's like
everything's different yeah and he
always seems like he's being himself as
well he's never just trying to put on an
act or anything like that so it's like
one thing like youtubers that a really
bland like some people like that but
that's not my thing
like I like people to have personality
and to be themselves like I can tell but
I think I'm a good decision sir of like
when people are being genuine like on
the internet and when they're not when
they're kind of putting on a big X just
to come across good for other people you
know what I mean would you get another
dog no I'd never get another dog because
he's too much this one he's constantly
scratching on the door that can that can
they see him yeah yeah here we trimmed
with you here he's constantly in and out
all the time like scratching on the
doors when you're really trying to
record crying all the time when were in
the shower he's a baby
but we like them but he's a handful he's
cold but I wouldn't get any other dogs
anyway sits up in the morning all the
time he'll like set the umbrella yeah
you should record a day in the life of
Zeus one bullshit and just record
everything he does that's weird the pros
and cons about growing up and moving out
when you grow up you have to pay for
everything yourself and you realize yeah
I know it's a bit con though because you
have to pay for bills rent you have to
work over 80% of your free time yeah
it's that shit to be honest but at the
same time it's the best because you're
independent
you know anything you want anything yeah
do whatever you want anytime every day
and you don't have to get anyone elses
permission unless your flatmates yeah
invokes them somehow but yes so that's
that's a good thing and a bad thing
about it yeah the good thing is you can
go anywhere in the world you want really
yes I got the money
yeah so you can start a new life
somewhere else if you want it yeah don't
have to stay in the place that you were
brought up in whether it be some shit
little place like I better not say okay
I think that's all we're gonna answer
for now we'll do another line in another
couple weeks but so on my channel I want
to do the cotton ball challenge yeah and
I also want to do someone requested this
much you know it's like the accent tag
except what we do is we write out all
the countries and they're like we'll put
one on your plate your forehead and then
I have to talk in the X and you have to
guess what the exit is well that's gonna
be so easy when I do oh it's mine I'm
the worst person it seems like
everything wind up selling things they
say or I'll go from like sending British
to American to a strats have to keep in
character but you could get all the
toilet okay so those are two videos that
I'm gonna be doing and then what are we
we're gonna do some gaming videos on
your channel oh you should see the toy
hunt I did go check out his channel like
this video it's probably gonna be up all
that one right is it
oh yeah the toy hammer won't take long
to eat it just stay tuned in your seat
hope you guys enjoyed this video and oh
oh and I want to do another gaming video
like tomorrow the next day or something
with me sometime yeah I'm gonna do Mario
frustration next I want to do this but
um splendor or something yeah but yeah I
don't know what it is I'm doing a horror
game okay some people asking me to do it
though if you've got any game
recommendations like computer games and
I'm like online shockwave games and
suffer them down below so we know what
to do yeah it's crap that's all right
yeah
