everyone so today I am filming my
challenge video if you watched my video
earlier in the week on Monday Reaper
Fitness hope nasty - challenges to do
once a week so this is my week 1 1 and
we have to do a dish take a photo of a
dish and I'm going to do a video like
I'm just going to do a cooking video
like my one I did on Friday just so you
guys can do it too if you want but we've
just submit a photo for the designer
dish competition obviously me and I'm
going to win because we are like the
faces of represent us and that's just
dumb but yeah we chose something that's
like real professional looking and like
using really nice ingredients and
something that you could eat on record
fitness so basically something that's
really healthy well not necessarily to
something it's using really natural and
organic foods and just things like that
it can be like a dinner or a treat or a
dessert or lunch or breakfast anything
at all but it's basically just something
that looks really cool tastes really
good and could go into like a cookbook
or something and if you win you get like
an awesome awesome awesome prize pack
full of like all this really good food
and stuff sorry if my tripod is wobbling
it's loose I have decided I'm going to
do chicken I'm gonna do like a snack /
lunch I would call it because you can
have it with salad or you can have it as
a finger food for like kids or whatever
but I'm going to do chicken tenders with
coconut so like coconut quoted crunchy
chicken tenders at least that's how I
hope they're going to turn out I'm just
going to kind of wing it and I'm also
going to make like a honey mustard
dressing so yeah let's get started okay
so you will need some chicken I used one
chicken breast some shredded coconut and
an egg some coconut flour and some
coconut milk or coconut cream also you
will want a little bit of pepper
so after preheating your oven to about
180 degrees Celsius I'm going to skin my
chicken and then just cut it into even
size strips and you want them to be
about the same size just so that they
take about same amount of time to cook
in the oven
after you've done that take a little bit
of coconut milk or coconut cream you
don't need much and mix it with one egg
just whisk it together
and that is your dipping mixture thing
the process you basically take a bit of
chicken cover it completely in coconut
flour and then dunk it and your egg and
coconut milk mixture and then and put it
inside this shredded coconut mixture
stop and then just cover it completely
and make sure it's all evenly coated and
then chuck it into a greased proof pan
or something lined with baking paper or
what do we want to do they just repeat
that with all of the pieces of chicken
then I'm just going to finish it off
with some cracked pepper and put them in
the oven for about 15 to 20 minutes or
until they're cooked through and crispy
now moving on to the honey mustard I'm
taking some honey this is like real
natural good stuff some full fat real
mayonnaise and some mustard and you can
make your own master and make your own
manners it's even bitter but basically
you just want to take spoonfuls of each
one I'm just using a couple in this case
fork falls Oh Dijon mustard and then I'm
taking some honey like a tablespoon then
a good tablespoon of mayo and then just
mixing them to that this is very
subjective to your own taste so just do
it to whatever you know kind of flavor
you would like personally
so I just served mine with a little
garden salad and the sauce and this is
how they looked they were freaking
delicious
you must try them that was so crispy and
crunchy and just really really young
dentist Fetty and nasty either so I hope
you guys like this video talk to you
soon
bye
