hey everyone so today I'm gonna teach
you how to do this gluten free wheat
free brownie and it is phenomenal you
have to try it it tastes delicious
better than any other brownie I've ever
tried and I am not lying you have to try
it in instagram at hashtag phoenix up
he don't over to Kelly's channel she
shows you how to make paleo no sugar
added fudge it looks so good I'm going
to try it myself real soon you will need
some coconut sugar some honey some salt
some coconuts some coconut flour and
some butter and some eggs I used two
eggs and also you will want some walnuts
and chocolate dark organic chocolate
pre-heat your oven 180 degrees Celsius
and put all of your walnuts into a
non-stick pan or tinfoil or something
and just roast these for a while in the
meantime you want to boil some water and
slowly melt together your chocolate and
butter and I'm melting it like this
because then you don't burn the
chocolate and if you burn the chocolate
it tastes like crap so don't burn the
chocolate once the nuts are roasted so
maybe like 5-10 minutes you can break
them up into little tiny pieces I like
to break them up just so that they're
more evenly distributed and then the
chocolate should be done and this is
where I fight the temptation to eat it
okay next you want to take your coconut
sugar and add in about 3/4 of a cup of
that and then just mix it
I'm also taking about a tablespoon of
honey you can add this or leave it out
for it more or less whatever you want
and then this is me trying not to lick
the spoon I mean the fork again
temptation I'm ed in your eggs one by
one and whisk in between just whisk
really really really really well because
you want it to be a nice smooth texture
otherwise it'll separate a bit so what's
good for like a good five minutes and
then do the next one and whisk again
once it's all this together and all
combined you can add in your walnuts or
would have been that you're using and
about the same amount of flour as you
use it sugar it's like three quarters of
a cup or two thirds of a couple so I'm
really bad at baking I'm really bad at
like proportions is there one of those
measurements anyway and then you want to
take a pen I'm using about an 8 by 8
slash I just made it up myself as you
can see some Kiwi ingenuity just here
and then put it in and then you yeah I
don't know smooth it up and then this is
the better of like two utensils being
covered in chocolate and try and get the
chocolate off both of them except the
chocolate just transfers from one thing
to another
open in the oven for about 20 to 25
minutes or until it is nice and cups you
can put a knife in there and then pull
it out if it's mostly clean it's done we
leave it out put it up into chunks and
serve it however you want I put lots of
coconut on top of mine and it was
delicious and then served it with
raspberries
I hope you guys enjoyed this cooking
tutorial try it out
please hash tag me on instagram
shinnok's lo or post it on motion x slow
facebook page and yeah i hope you guys
enjoyed this recipe and i'll talk to you
next friday with another recipe bye
