excuse the awkward pose it and we're
like in my car a phone like balancing on
the dashboard we just had a meeting with
rapid fitness and they have sprung on us
that we guys be having like weekly
challenges like the plan each Monday you
will video yourself opening a secret
envelope to reveal a health and wellness
challenge for the week these challenges
will be random sometimes fun and
challenging have fun Jay and Kim so
we're gonna do the first one now yeah
and we will do lots of vlogging anxious
yet to do her channel but
I'm the dish that you would enter into
rapid Fitness designer dish and make it
master chef style ie presentation recipe
and ingredients we so basically if you
don't know rip it Fitness is holding a
competition at the moment I look really
weird in this lighting and it's
basically it's a designer dish so if
you're chosen I think there's something
your choice in your recipe will go into
like something like that with credit to
you and you're going to win well like
the winners will win a food hamper some
kind with lots of money yes so yeah you
don't have to be a rich person to be on
it I think there's like separate prizes
for people that are on record fitness or
something like that but I'll put the
link down below if you're interested and
you'll see a sh and a blog coming up
soon too cuz I'm doing a full o door
follow me tomorrow night we're going to
lea lights nail salon opening yeah I
just want to open all the envelopes but
we know they will get anyone that's on
rapid Fitness join in please get
involved and yes everyone else it's on a
healthy eating adventure
you can do this as well so yeah that's
it sorry about the awkward camera yeah
my head's up chopped off okay yeah all
right
