good morning everyone I'm looking very
attractive right now I always say that
when I'm wearing this here thing hotel
she's not a good look on me you know so
today I am flying up to Oakland it
because I'm getting up Botox in my
drawer again because it's given me a
grief I have been clenching really badly
and it's starting to give me headaches
again I can feel that muscles getting
quite hard again so it's definitely time
for more I'm also going up because the
social media rewards are today and I
have been nominated I'm freaking out I
don't think I'm gonna win
but if I do when I have to go up on
stage so kind of you know and there's
free drinks beforehand with my
management which I'm really excited
about because I love my management with
heaps of fun with them and catching up
with some influences and stuff so it'll
be a good night I'm sure so I thought I
would take you along with me and show
you guys what I wear how I do my makeup
and hearing everything just doing it all
myself of course been getting my hair
done a few times professionally but
enough I just go for such a simple look
sometimes we're just doing myself anyway
so yeah at the moment I'm just pecking
is currently half past 8:00 in the
morning and I've got to leave at 10:00
so I have a while not gonna do my makeup
this morning i might put on like minimal
make-up but other than that I'll do a
full glam tonight before the event I
think I'm wearing like a playsuit so we
shall see
because I've got hairy legs in that way
to shake my legs alright we're ready to
go did you only come with me I want you
to come with me I'm just wearing at some
adidas leggings mine your adidas shoes
from a sauce that you name D I think
that I also got the gray ones that look
like this this should be cute and then
at the stop hairs from misguided and
then this jacket is from white folks
will show pull something like that it's
very similar to my one except it's a
bigger size so it's really loose I love
you
so it's got to the grand mercure is that
how you said NICU macula it's right in
town I think it's some custom Street
isn't it it's like customs and something
a lot - Shannon
hope you have a fantastic stay with us
please contact our reception team for
any assistive work got the shakes oh my
gosh it's so nice thank you guys so much
if you're watching look fresh fruit to
show you guys this room got a nice TV
flesh lovely chandelier look at this
view though this is the best I think of
all the people watching you can do so
beautiful and then the bedrooms right
next door I'll show you here's a couch a
little kitchenette I might make myself a
coffee so I'm legit falling asleep right
now a little of this area it's super
cute and they gave me a complimentary
cocktail as well oh my god luck duh if
oh my god so cool you guys should see my
face right now
look another veer oh holy God is another
TV so sort of flesh amazing oh my gosh
okay and in the bathroom is so nice it's
like goals bathrooms it's like all mouth
look at this
I'm in heaven
amazing man I wish I forced Hamish to
come with me he couldn't though he had
assignments but oh my god he will evolve
to here how cool the cool art oh so
beautiful thank you guys so much for
looking after me so well oh I'm so
excited okay time to wake up
get some coffee and then I've actually
got my little tux appointment in about
40 minutes I think it's only like a
terminal walk from here so nothing close
I'll vlog that for you and show you guys
what happens in case you haven't seen it
yet although if you watch my vlogs
religiously you've probably seen it
already a bit hey I go to the face place
cuz they're the best that I've been to
so far so now I just kind of hold out
and just wait till I come to Oakland
okay like I look right now cuz I've got
a new train and it's so tight oh my gosh
this year just makes me so happy okay
and this plate can I keep this I don't
think I can but I want to well I mean I
don't know I've asked it's so cool
I just noticed this - oh my god here
this is Shannon I don't want to open it
cuz it's like steel bit smells so good I
like smell is for the box oh and a and
what's this hand cream Wow
thank you guys so much oh my gosh this
is like bowling you guys this is epic
okay sorry you know just give me a big
crowd and relax
thank you
God you know what's so good I will to
burn again
Brown again and provides so this is okay
not to sting here
that one hit weightless mm-hmm not to
but the top bro see how you go with that
normally it's things done now it's fine
it just feels like like tweezing down
yes it really like mopping up brows
things we're a little mental it
illegally couldn't cook me okay now
we'll do the top of your brow the one
you hate the most
okay browning that's okay it's just so
first it's like a little sting
and clenched
okay we'll do the first okay how's that
that's okay
the Sun - it's a little more oh yes it's
the next time yeah and by thing again
and sorry
okay well feature on massage 20 next
five days please if you apply makeup
just be gentle for five days and then
you know so the gap back and this is
rigid my botox Marjorie it doesn't wanna
focus there we go so you can screenshot
there if you want you know to go inquire
and get a consult or anything the same
amount of Botox in my jaw as last time
cuz that works perfectly well and she
said that they are quite strong still
again like they went down and then
obviously I waited a little bit too long
because I'm well have been in Auckland a
bit but it's always been such short
notice and they haven't had appointment
so I need to just book a flight up and
get the Botox on time because yeah I've
been getting headaches again lately from
clenching my teeth so I've needed it
again for the last month or two so I'm
really excited for this to kick in
anyways she gave me the same amount as
last time and this time instead of doing
up here like this line um we did the
frown because I've been frowning a lot
lately if you watch my videos you
probably notice I always just like kind
of frowned for no reason and I was
talking to her about it because I said
it's been worse you know in the last few
months or whatever and Marjorie said
there could definitely be linked to the
Botox once again I mean the Botox the
grinding once again and the clinching
once again because you know all of your
muscles kind of work together and um
it's just creating tension on my face so
I like the frowning kind of just happens
but I'll light like even now I'm not
even try relax relax I'm not even trying
to frown right now and like I get these
little like lines just above my eyebrow
where I'm like look you frowning it's
not super mad it's not like this you
know I mean like it's just constantly
like I'm custody kind of like slightly
frowning and I'm just like sick of it um
so hopefully those will work really
nicely together and you go to
smaller as amount in this area this time
just a small small amount just to kind
of hold it back a bit and I'll need that
again in probably three months in this
one maybe six months so yeah I'm just
stoked about that and thanks to the face
place you guys the best so now I'm going
to take off my makeup and redo my makeup
for the event tonight I'll show you guys
what I'm wearing and everything and I'm
hoping Chris will come over soon I've
talked him into coming tonight because
he wasn't nominated but he like he was
like I didn't know you were going so now
I think he's made a real big if it's a
clear his busy schedule to come along so
really excites to him because I haven't
seen him in probably like a year or
something like it's been so long
actually not the last time would have
been in Christchurch for the Mickey
event when was that I don't know I've
logged it though okay so my makeups done
I'm thinking I'm wearing at the black
play suit I bought a backup option as
well but yeah my legs are not like
freshly chase I should probably
something long they're not like visibly
hey you know what I mean I just I think
I'll be more comfy in that um but this
is looser so really see how the stomach
looks and this here is my makeup so on
my lips this for locally with a lip
liner underneath it's like a purpley
more kind of look liner it's what I'm
actually I've been working on some for
props about a year now and we're just
getting sorted it takes a while you know
I'm such a small team aka I'm the one
doing the product development by myself
so yeah it takes a while but I'm really
excited about them they're really nice
and creamy and just amazing colors so no
idea when they're gonna be ready yet you
know they keep an eye out and then for
like a lipstick makes a beauty and then
my highlighter and contour is the tars
Pro glow my bronzer is the hourglass
luminous bronze whatever it's called I
can't remember lashes are XO beauty the
gold Digga I trim them from the edge so
the really thick parts are kind of like
on the inner part of my eye and then my
eyeshadows BH Cosmetics shake so I
palette mixed with a couple others just
like met rounds and then what else I'm
not wearing any blush or anything my
the Clinique turn one concealer whatever
it's called what is it called
why have I forgotten beyond perfection
beyond perfecting yes that's right and
then my powder is Studio Fix they bag
so that's the makeup done I think I'll
just leave my hair quite straight and
okay I'm gonna get dressed and show you
guys what looks like we're just in the
bathroom somewhere but I forgot to show
you guys my outfit but this clutch just
from Colette and my shoes a ruby that's
all I can show you right now okay pretty
it is
I always blow up the lots done here
entire thing this is my okay that's cool
I am I look drunk my googly eyes look
 these are actually tokens drink
awesome I just pretend to know that I'm
doing proper parenting stuff but I'm not
I'm making it all up and you go in fold
but I'd like to thank all my followers
it's keeping us
visiting block seeds
all right now this winner really needs
no introduction
okay would you do the honest place okay
the winner tonight is Shannon Hara
I think this is the first award ever one
of my life so appreciated
so like that's my wedding
it feels like sand
no you're walking on banana oh hey hey
sprout in a hash brown and a bacon in
Agnetha with no bacon and a bacon and
egg McMuffin with no bacon over add
tomato sauce
