everyone so today I'm going to teach you
how to make this fruit and a dip
both of these are perfect healthy
alternatives first snacking you know
depending some vegetables or whatever
you want to do also remember to keep the
downbar for the link to Kelly's channel
delicioso to see two more dips and
spreads first of all I'm going to teach
you how to make this delicious walnut
and garlic spread you will need some
salt about 1/2 a cup of walnuts 2 whole
heads of garlic about 2 tbsp of olive
oil and a couple hundred mils of coconut
milk so first of all you want to heat up
your oven I'm putting mine on about 180
and then you want to remove all of the
loose skin on the outsides of the garlic
makes you want to line a ovenproof tray
or glass tray or whatever you want to
use with a bit of tin foil and place the
garlic in there and you want to put them
in the oven for about 40 minutes to cook
once you've done that you want to take
it back out in the oven open it up and
then place your walnuts in there make
sure that they're kind of spread out
evenly and then just put it back in the
oven for about ten more minutes or until
the walnuts are nice and kind of golden
and crunchy and YUM
the garlic clove should now be quite
soft to the touch this is where you want
to skin them so take each little portion
of garlic
I usually just pinch it or take a knife
and kind of peel back that skin and
you'll get this nice fleshy piece of
garlic that is quite squishy and just
put that aside because that's what we're
going to use
poeple at the little naked garlic babies
into a food processor or into a Belinda
and then follow up with the walnuts and
about a tablespoon of olive oil and your
coconut milk and a little bit of salt
just all that good stuff and then it
blends away until it becomes nice and
smooth and its texture
at first is going to look rather runny
but once you put it in the fridge for a
few hours it'll thicken up and almost be
like a butter kind of consistency so you
can enjoy this with celery and carrot or
a few a food you could have it on bread
so now I'm gonna teach you how to make
chunky guacamole my way you will need a
capsicum and a limit and a red onion and
of course a baccata you can also add
some salt and pepper to taste this is
the part where you basically just want
to take your capsicum or if you're from
America etc pepper that confuses me
capsicum dice it up I like to do mine a
little bit chunky into the chunky
guacamole if you'd like it to be a bit
of a fine there kind of consistency chop
it smaller so you want to just chop up
as much as you would like I'm using the
entire capsicum and then just a chunk of
onion just do it to taste it doesn't
matter just do what you want
once you've got them the bowl I like to
just give it a little mix and then of
course add your avocado I will usually
make one to one and a half avocado is
worth at a time my ones really really
right
you can see they look a bit of it
started to go Brown but I'm just gonna
pick that up I like mine to be really
really right because the riper they are
the squishier they are and the easier
they are to mesh so you just want put
that in and then grab a potato masher
and mash it and mix it all together
and then after it's all mix together you
can take your lemon and again just put
in as much as you'd like the taste so I
just use quite a bit and salt and pepper
and mix it up and put it in a serving
bowl and you're done help with some corn
chips head it and sell it have it with
some burritos it's delicious
and that is it I do hope you enjoyed
this video make sure you check out
Kelly's video the link is down below she
made these two delicious looking does
have a really good day
I'll talk to you soon bye
