hi everyone so today I don't really know
the way to look because the little
screens off to the side but we're gonna
play get and we're playing the
impossible quiz I was watching Alfie's
gaming channel last night and he was
just hilarious doing gaming videos on
like random games yes so we're just
gonna do it I don't know we'll see how
this video it goes this is gonna be mine
okay again alright still okay so the
impossible quiz how many holes in a polo
I want is it like one two three is it
full there is three oh can a match box
in a match box
this game is shit so what is it is it
all just like real random answers or
something yes impossible quiz okay so
that's kind of like thinking outside the
box I think can a match box why don't
you go cuz I didn't kid okay you do this
one not know what I said the solution
backwards okay okay you do this one I
need to sit at the mouth yeah but this
is this looks stupid click the answer
all the answer it's gonna put the mouse
on here now don't touch blue yeah well I
win yeah just press that right now don't
touch below oh wait don't touch the word
blue so what dragon
that's right Oh nuts for okay still
don't get that one at sir this Christian
bit go with last one just there's
something I don't really know what we
mean today let's just try something
well what do you reckon I've got like
you know uh high waisted attend
shouldn't my shut up this game is
fucking so it's gonna be watching this
and I got a bit like you do this yeah I
know no don't touch blow very good
you mean to drag what yay the square pie
onion know what it's a square root it
sucks
yep the answer is really big right damn
it I thought it would be really big nice
FeO the answer is really big as an
answer there's some Finity I reckon it's
gonna be answered what it's an elephant
search yes what was the answer to
Question 2
what was sick and Christian let's say at
ten can stay at 100 we say what it is
now go try again yeah was it one wait I
don't want yeah that's me
this stupid on chose food it must be
hidden somewhere choose foods he'd get
it looked nice what follows December
this evil Justin visited well they were
questioned luck
God what's up
the only reason this game last room is
because you got to start from the start
again okay what follows to seem to see
him December 3rd it seems too easy what
in do you get up
click the smallest but can you click the
smallest I did I did click the small no
I clicked the little ball oh yeah tag
this what can you put into a bucket make
it lighter Oh
yes laughter what what can you click on
any of the leaders okay spell something
fuck up this game is shit Oh
ultimate gamer what is it the seventh
letter of the alphabet
oh god this is not gonna be obviously
okay
I knew there was no way of that alphabet
three four five
walrus their warm breath
yeah
here we got just gone with that today
what it was nothing Oh God yep and
yeo-hwa hematite color in the correct
order
who was that I don't know bogey martinis
it looks easy the purple or green Juke
and he's green what colors his head
people what are we telling him first
oh no is it blue orange green green
orange what all nice
what a stupid question see watch
carefully
oh the choice is yours
once go fast once again Save Changes to
untitled honestly stupid game who will
play through this but house on you yeah
this is the last time okay
the answer if we daren't when this is
just more like a million things long oh
wait
Save Changes to one title what did you
select before cancel the black pudding
shoe polish
Oh which of these place names doesn't
exist it's bit chilled us pasty full
upper houses German sweet brown Willie
buns tits and twat
okay it's this one on any one one a
Spacey forget sauce facing wait which of
the names doesn't this is our last turn
if we lose this we're done well I've
been pretty reliable the whole way
through I feel oh okay I hope you've
been paying attention to the Christian
numbers what hahahaha that was a gift
what is this ballet bun fairy cake
abundance cruel it's about like up
or is it a fury cake Nazi belly butter
right with the bun in it it looks like a
cake wait but fairies don't we do
fairies return to us they were wings fun
okay or never not oh my gosh that game
is yes okay what did you guys think was
that incredibly boring to watch and I'll
leave a link to this page down below and
if any of you try it let us know what
number you got up to it but you have to
be honest I think we got up to number 28
did we be honest and write down I don't
really know where to like the screens
here so if I'm not looking at the right
place don't blame me but be honest and
write down below what but they're
obviously gonna beat us because they
don't yeah when they're getting stupid
sup you beat us well man that's a shit
game now on place someone tell me what
questions people sit here and play that
game I really hate to sit there and play
games like that yeah on my phone hey I
play lion beer and be like play proper
games it was bad maybe uh next time
we'll just randomly select it again
that's better than that one because that
one's kind of just like next time I
reckon you guys if you've got any like
random games cuz we wouldn't have heard
of like any of these computer games
write them down below and then of all
like do random ones that if we do these
videos again you do let me know if these
were complete crap or if you liked it
and if you liked it will do some more
because they're fun I don't know
hopefully we entertained your little bit
yeah we're gonna go now are we gonna
cook lunch and I hope you guys for
really good day see ya
