everyone so today I'm going to teach you
how to make butter chicken from scratch
this is reasonably healthy a lot
healthier than what you would get at a
traditional Indian shop for takeaways
obviously and if you want it to be even
cleaner you can definitely substitute
butter for something like coconut oil
Kelly's rapid fitness friendly dish this
week is a marinated fish and egg curry
kind of sauce so head on over to her
channel I'll put the link down below and
anyway let's just get started you'll
need about 350 grams of chicken a
tablespoon of freshly grated ginger
around 400 grams of tomato puree I made
my own because I didn't want to use
anything from a can cinnamon sticks for
presentation I did not use these so that
was a photo ground masala cardamom chili
between half cup to a cup of coconut
milk some ground paprika and some
coriander and a couple tablespoons of
butter or coconut oil and a tablespoon
of fresh lemon juice
so you want to start off by putting in
half of the butter so a tablespoon of
butter into the pan and heat up melt it
and then you want to just quickly fry up
your chicken and you just want to cook
it until it's pulled away cooked through
and then you can take it off the element
and put it aside and work on the next
pot
then add the rest of the butter and I
have put the measurements full of spices
down below you just want to mix all
those spices together and then add them
to the butter
and then once you've done that also ed
and decorated ginger fresh ginger is the
best you just want to mix that up and
kind of simmer and stir the load for a
couple of minutes two to five minutes
maybe just since when you can start to
smell the aroma you'll be able to smell
all of the herbs and spices and it'll
make a really delicious smell once
that's done you can add your chicken and
then cook that for another couple of
minutes
then add in your tomato puree and then
you just want to mix this in and cover
and simmer for about 20 minutes 15 to 20
minutes it'll actually turn this really
really nice vibrant red color when it's
ready once the color is nice and vibrant
like this you can add in your coconut
milk use the list if you like less sauce
more if you like more sauce it's really
up to you and mine looks kind of hard
because it was in the fridge but it
melts so just mix it in and then you
just want to simmer that for another few
minutes I almost forgot about that lemon
and I just kind of squid it in a bunch
of lemon just in the last step and yeah
then you just want to kind of let it
simmer for about five minutes
and then it is ready to serve it is
super delicious if you've never tried it
you must give it a go the way I'm
serving mine to keep it really you know
cob free is it to chop up some lettuce
and then I'm just going to make little
like rats so I put in some sprouts and
then I'm gonna put in some onion and
some capsicum and then basically just
follow up with chicken and wrap it up
and enjoy it's delicious you can have it
with salad or if you're not on a strict
diet of course go for a bit of rice or
quinoa or whatever you want sorry here
is just barking in the background but
that's basically the ends so I hope you
guys enjoyed this tutorial cooking
recipe video and I'll talk to you soon
