hey everyone so I'm just doing a really
quick vlog I promised everyone that I
would do it I kind of follow up after I
finished my two week detox today / I
think yesterday was my last day but did
it today as well so today was my last
day of the detox and basically in simple
terms it was freaking amazing me and
Hamish both made it through I think we
both have like one slip-up where we went
and got a tank sell at one time because
we were like and out and starving but we
still chose something that was
relatively like on the plan so that was
semi bed but semi okay
otherwise we had a whole lot of salads
we had lots and lots of chicken salads I
marinated chicken and soy sauce and like
chili powder and chili pastes and stuff
like that really really yummy I really
really enjoyed the juicing days the
juicing just made me feel amazing and I
just every morning for breakfast I
preferred the juices over the smoothies
yeah the juices just made me feel really
good
I didn't notice maybe four or five days
into the detox Mexican broke out a tiny
tiny tiny bit I got like just a few
random pimples and places they never
ever get pimples like I hit one kind of
under my eye and a couple of my forehead
and I put it down to the detox you know
literally all the toxins and your body
kind of coming out so I think it was
just the fit that's eating so well all
those nasty chemicals and stuff were
coming out all throughout my body
so yeah Muskaan's cleared up again now
I've got kind of like one little scar
what thing because I did get my period
while some on the detox surprisingly I
was a lot less grumpy in normal usually
when I'm on my period I get really
really angry also I didn't experience
cramps and I'm thinking a migraine for
the first time usually on the first day
of my period every single time I would
get a migraine and I didn't this time so
that was amazing I have no idea if it
was just you know because I think so
naturally and so like I don't know like
nutritious I guess I have no idea but it
was awesome I know this wasn't about
weight loss but I did end up losing a
bit of weight I think I lost about three
and a bit kilos which
for me I feel like it's quite a lot
because I am not like super I'm not
super chubby or super overweight or
anything like that so that was pretty
cool
notice my bloating went down that so
much in the first week I didn't have a
big punch like I normally did my
metabolism was running so so quick you
know what I mean like amazing I just I
don't know like my entire body was just
functioning really really well and still
is obviously so that was perfect and
more importantly the way I feel inside I
felt amazing I felt I don't know a lot
more positive and happy while I was
doing out it's really looking forward to
my healthy meals I was really inspired
and I think a lot of it came down to the
private group that we have going for
people they are on the detox like we
have like a group on Facebook and we all
chat and we all communicate and share
each other's like wish your recipes and
we share how we're feeling and all that
gonna stuff it's really encouraging I
don't know I felt so happy and just so
content over the entire detox I thought
it was gonna be so hard cutting out like
processed foods and like caffeine and
what else was that sugars all that kind
of stuff but it was a lot easier than I
thought to be honest and I'm so glad I
did
and my parents my friends have said that
my legs look skinny out I would have to
agree my thighs like my inner thighs
have cut down which is quite Pogues I
did have a bit of excess fat there so
yeah basically just a really positive
change and my body is just loving it
like my nails have been growing like
crazy and my hair has grown like crazy
already got rigor with only just did my
roots a week or two ago anyone that's
wanting to do a detox that isn't super
sacrificing like not like the lemon
detox or like detox is where you only
have to have like shakes all week like
no this detox is awesome because you
actually get to eat real food like it's
not carbs and stuff like that but oh my
god I've grown to love salads so much
and like eggs and nuts and just amazing
nutritious natural foods so that brings
me on sorry if I sound really blends I'm
like so tired right now like I went to
yoga a couple nights ago as you guys
know my body is just screwed like oh my
gosh my muscles aching anyway so I've
just been really excited today and you
said they brings me on to the next thing
so I'm studying the next plan tomorrow
morning I'm really excited I went
grocery shopping see and got some extra
things like some Greeks y'all get lots
of full fat products and just some like
extra veggies and stuff like that so the
next plane is really awesome heaps of
people have already bought it then like
our private little group and it's really
cool I think it's like 55 pages long all
the information you get if you buy the
plan everyone always asks me what's in
the plan so and this healthy living plan
it's $50 you get 55 pages of information
you get recipes you get like a kind of
layout of what you should have should be
eating how much you should be eating and
then also three different kind of meal
days like so days we are not exercising
you'll have one certain kind of like
layout of what you should be eating
another day when you are exercising how
you should be eating what you should be
eating and then like weekend's eating
like having less to eat or more to eat
and then it's also got stuff like
detoxing for the day after you drink
because this is a realistic plan like
obviously people could do this without a
plan but for people like me that just
need that help and push and community to
kind of make it happen because otherwise
I'm just like I'll have the best
intentions and they'll just slack off
it's got all that kind of information in
this plan so it's all in moderation you
are a lot of eat really bad foods
certain amount of times a week and then
the rest of the time you have like a
guideline of what you should be eating
and they will be I think emailing a
recipe and a workout every single week
if you like by the plan and subscribe
they will mail you out other than for
and obviously every Friday me and Kelly
are doing a cooking videos you guys
would have seen like or heard about
maybe through Facebook so tomorrow we're
doing Curry's so I'm doing better
chicken and she's doing like a Thai
curry fish I think so there'll be up
tomorrow at about 2 p.m. on my vlog
channel this channel that you're
watching that my camera just died so I'm
gonna finish the vlog on my phone Oh
those happen so much okay so yeah I've
got what I was saying I don't know
that's basically it so yeah I'm gonna be
doing lots more cooking videos and I'm
gonna be doing a lots more well some
exercise videos haven't really done any
yet I don't know what other kind of
health and fitness lifestyle videos do
you want to see because I'm always open
to suggestions I am loving this freakin
plan so much I'm so proud of everyone I
wrote this on Facebook I'm so proud of
everyone that's been doing this with me
I've been following your progress and
hits people have been coming to on the
like private pages with your programs
like I feel really great or I lost this
much weight or here's the before and
after pictures and blah blah blah blah
and it's just so amazing like so amazing
and I was talking to Jay on the phone
and he's like just blown away by you
guys he was just like I've never seen
such an awesome kind of community and
it's just so cool seeing so many people
actually taking charge of their lives
and dedicating their lives to being a
healthier person you know I mean and I'm
so glad I've done this like it's so
rewarding and I'm just feeling amazing
and Hamish is feeling amazing
he's so hippies on it I think he lost
four or five kilos something like that
I'm sure he'll do a vlog about it on his
channel but yes so far so good so I'm
really excited for the next stage and I
will continue to do the Stig talks
randomly I think it's Ricky needed to do
it quarterly so yeah the detox was $20 I
think so obviously you can do the detox
four times a year and the other plan is
a lifetime plan so I mean depending what
your goals are they do have plans for
weight loss and everything but I'm
obviously not trying to lose weight that
just came naturally with the eating
healthy and I probably still drop a tiny
bit of weight because I've still got a
little bit of like flab around my body
like thighs and tummy and just places
like that that'll just naturally slowly
come off throughout my journey but yeah
I'm really excited and I don't know let
me know what kind of healthy recipes
you'd like to see down below like what
kind of meals sweet stuff dips braids
braids I don't know anything because I'm
not eating proper braids but I'm gonna
make some breed alternatives like using
coconut flour and stuff like that and
I'm so excited I've been researching so
many different recipes anyway
I'm totally blabbing right now I hope
you guys enjoyed this update to anyone
else that's been doing it please please
please write a comment down below let me
know what you think so far
how you feeling or how you're going just
so that I don't know just so I can catch
up just because I know some people
aren't in the private Facebook group
with you don't have Facebook or what
yeah I think that's all I really got to
say again I'm so proud of you girls that
have done it and I'm so proud of my
other subscribers they're Anton Ripert
fitness hit heaps of people saying that
they're not on rebirth fitness but they
have started a healthier lifestyle and
that means so much to me I don't know
what if that sounds really stupid but it
really does because it really is awesome
knowing that people are trying to like
break the cycle of you know processed
foods obesity heart disease like all
this kind of stuff like we can fight it
and I'm so proud of you guys for taking
charge and doing your body a favor
and your body's gonna love it it may
seem like such a sucky sacrifice giving
up so much junk food although if you are
on this plan that I'm going on you can
still have junk food a certain amount of
times a week it's all about moderation
but I mean you know some people just
kind of live off it like I almost used
to sometimes I'd have junk food a few
too many times a week did not have good
weeks all right but I just yeah I like
the kind of format I'm in at the moment
it's really really good and I don't know
I think it'll just help me in the future
as well just to make sure that I always
kind of stay on this program and I don't
just fly off and start and crippled this
time and just getting really unhealthy
again you know I'm gonna go now because
I just feel like I could talk all night
about random stuff if you've got any
questions or anything like that or if
you are wondering about ready for this
just give them an email Jay and Kim is
so lovely and they'll just email you
back with you know answers a few
wondering certain things so yeah I hope
you guys all have a really really good
night sorry this is up kind of late a
really good day sorry I'm so like I'm
just so sort of so tired I'm gonna have
the best sleep tonight I think tomorrow
head back to the gym first day of my
next stage and now I just want to turn
up my body and you know get lots of
exercise and there get lots of veggies
and fruits and it's gonna be the best
