are you falling asleep yes everyone
excuse the color balance someone
Hamish's panasonic lumix cuz i'm
vlogging today sorry if i keep looking
at myself it's just quite different to
my camera yeah I look really really
orange and it's just because the color
balance and I cannot for the life of me
figure out how to change the color
balance so I'm just looking a bit orange
today and I do have contacts in I got to
see these contacts they are by dizzier
or show you this is the brand here
easier they're really really nice like
focus focus focus focus on me focus yes
anyway we just got it from the gym my my
rip it Fitness top I just did some
weight training maybe when I'm gonna do
humidifier and Hamish is up is outside
putting together the human what a tongue
twister Hamish is outside putting
together the dehumidifier I'm gonna have
a shower now and then I'm gonna get
ready and me and Ellie are gonna go into
town because the Mack orange collection
I'm not sure what it is came out like
yesterday or the day before or whatever
so we're gonna go get some stuff and she
wants to go with it make her I'm gonna
try and hold myself back so I don't need
any makeup but I'm gonna get some stuff
from make at least we'll see how I go
there's the naughtiest puppy in the
whole world you is it you just is it you
oh yeah
well yeah actually it's there just
hanging out with your toys killing some
trouble layers
how's the date humidifier I just put my
my memory cards in your camera cuz I'm
gonna borrow it today does the auto stop
I don't know that's what I couldn't find
so these things are so freaking
expensive how much was this one there
engine 28 and it was originally like
four hundred and something so stupid
little thing and it was only one of the
cheapest ones that wasn't completely
rubbish such a rip why did I try so much
as it's just because it's like people
need them so they can so this is just
standing inside because it's woman there
hey you can come outside now
oh wow oh yeah because it will suckle
the moisture out of the clothing that'll
be good
I just remembered I got a new iPhone
because my other one died so I'm just
going to use this to vlog because it's
easier to be low-key in town rather than
carrying around like a massive camera so
I said my makeup I just did like a real
weed smokey eye and my hair straight and
I'm wearing this Veronica be necklace
and it's got from sir pray talk from
glasses patch from mr. Michael Kors
watch I'll show you
we've got toys and shoes and stuff
everywhere from sews huh and I tried out
this new fake tan because Lauren Beauty
raved about out and pretty shows this
one at least it's the st. Moritz dock
it's amazing I love it and I got off
eBay for like I think it was at least
$20 so there's pretty cheap famous is
also just got these new flights from
plunder you know so me and Hamish we've
just gone to subway to get lunch and I
completely forgot to vlog while we went
into making everything so my bed but
yeah I got it I got a sushi kiss flower
I mean sushi flower lipstick or sushi
kiss or something like that and minerals
I should hose and they're real pretty
from me kickers minica I love that shot
if you live in Auckland go to Newmarket
see and I'm just dropping off Hamish
will drop me off Hamish at work and then
editing all afternoon and then I'll take
you guys to yoghurt tonight I'm going
with Ashley Emily so should be fun I've
never done anything like that before one
thing and you can barely even read this
there we go so I got snipped by the
Elizabeth an MPI company I had no hope
in this the was a visible difference
multi targets at BB cream I'm a huge fan
of Asian BB creams as you guys already
know so I was kinda like yeah I tried
this it is phenomenal except this is
like a really pale color so I'm actually
quantitate the wrath of a dark one so I
can see what the difference is but it
makes my skin look like it looks like
skin and just looks perfect like not to
the point where it covers up all my
imperfections but just brushes my skin
it looks really natural it's so pretty
so
I have to use this in a video soon yeah
I am so freaking started with this
I'm currently uploading I'm doing a
grocery haul basic like basically what I
ate plus I got some today what do I get
today I got spring onions capsicum
avocado and chicken that's all I got
today or in kale but yeah in this video
as well so you can see what else I like
to eat and what I eat on a weekly kind
of basis well if you read a basis I
should say though this would be a well
and truly by the time you watch this
vlog because I'll probably get this blog
up did they have to say the day after
there I don't know we'll see I'm looking
at Tom for makeup I've been watching
this youtuber I can't remember her name
she's a professional makeup artist and
she's friends with Lisa Eldridge but she
keeps using Tom for but look at these
presses what what yeah I'm just looking
I won't actually end up buying anything
I think and they said by like one thing
but even then I'm on neimanmarcus.com
oh my god I want it so bad the eyeliners
just look amazing look how much they
call for an eyeliner
they actually descent this wallet as
well and a handbag I'm gonna do a what's
in my bag video because they offered to
do a giveaway but it's only for New
Zealander Australia unfortunately but a
lot of my subscribers are from new
zealand in australia so I'm really
excited such a generous giveaway but
yeah I got this Michael Kors wallet and
it is freaking gorgeous and this is the
bag here it's by I think Mellie Bianco
or mu Neely Mellie Bianco it's really
pretty it's just like a big kind of
creamy beige tote bag and it's a really
bowler kind of inspired one and also
this competition clutch which is like
the most gorgeous gorgeous kind of what
color is that like a really orange e
color I guess really really nice I
really like it I feel like my Ellie was
just like close this into your room this
club hey hey so did you look really
pretty
you look really pretty do you love it do
you love it
nah he's off making him more exciting
things hanging in the lounge
apparently I was just on the Aaron
Simpson show have no idea what it was
about
Betty anyway someone tweeted me and told
me oh the dick face
you can be oh that's a nice one Thank
You Erica sambal and for that beautiful
picture oh yeah I'm just going through
my tweets hmm everything still finish
and what am i doing I'm just updating my
info box for my mech lipstick troops
video which will be up on the June 30th
at 2 p.m. local time
if anyone guess I'm just writing in all
the works Wow funny story I was running
really really like fish is Millie our
new really really light and then we
weren't allowed in the yoga place anyway
what's it mean attic room yoga created
like 15 minutes early and I was like
like on the phone like illegally so no
we're just gonna try and find some
veggies we're important severe food
court
so yeah we're just gonna do something
and then go to yoga afterwards and I'll
try to sneaky vlog I don't know if
they'll eat me because they seem to be a
really really really outside Oh try yeah
it was really angry at us he's like no
you can't come in that's okay
we're about to go in this is us before
you go to take these mats so it's pretty
self-explanatory how that chrome just
isn't for me that was actually the most
prettiest thing I've ever done in my
life I say I don't know if I could do it
again like I could do it again but at
the same time I wouldn't really want to
know my canal the smell when you go on
there there was carpet in here obviously
it's like 40 degrees so it like just
smelled like it was hard like real hard
we made it all the way through 90
minutes 40 degrees
so wasn't too bad yeah we did it but it
wasn't easy so yeah we'll try something
else next time maybe yoga or something
yeah there's two freaking sessions of
anyone wants every night so it's just
insisted on being in the bathroom with
me while I showered and I had the
bathroom like the shower door open a
tiny bit and he was hit in there hey did
you hittin it are you going just excuse
my Brown beat what do you know
oh no he's going here we go what are you
doing you got a weak place
are you getting my beetle with you
getting my beetle wit for me yes thank
you
thank you I think I definitely prefer
cardio and weights and things with it
but I'm gonna try out a few other things
yeah really
that's my bra don't cheeky
yeah I'll try to feel other things a
vlog but that one yeah those a bit hard
for me not not even just hard for me I
just did not enjoy it just did not make
me feel good so yeah I guess I will talk
to you guys tomorrow the day after or
something along those lines
