hey everyone so today me and Hamish what
was Hamish this idea thought we would
vlog cuz we're gonna go do our groceries
we've got not much to do today
but we just need a few more fruit and
vegetables and some chicken to continue
our record fitness so heaps of people
wanted to see a grocery haul so this
time we'll do like a bit of a proper one
because we need to get quite a few
different things it's really basic
because basically we're just eating
really natural foods so off to Ellerslie
at the moment to go to the organic
grocery store and gonna get bit some
veggies then we just going to go like a
market and get the rest of them um and
yeah that's about it
what oh it's no point of mentioning a
chicken egg a challenge okay yeah what
did you guys think of the chicken nugget
challenge did you like it on his channel
yeah my channel it was the worst thing
ever it was horrible yeah it's really
hard to make motors interesting because
it's the same thing over it's the same
thing over and over again so you've got
to try and cut it down but keep in touch
things happen or it's hard yeah I liked
it I liked his editing but yeah it was a
horrible challenge Scott just tweeted me
he's like you guys look like you were
drunk by the end of it yeah feel that I
feel it you're high off its sugar or
something yes
Shen so what are we getting
so we're trying different kind Kailyn
your yep
liver their Tuscan kale neuro is
actually a type of care with all the
same nutritional value and you can have
kale chips oh so we're going to get
carrots as well I'm going to make us
something with broccoli and Salford
answers
we've got simple
mushrooms okay so we got carrots as well
though how much with a $5 summer I could
make you creamy mushroom sauce with
coconut okay Jane
hungry do that and probably it's
official
okay so the next thing we're getting is
cause lettuce yeah
you can use em for salads yeah
how much is that I dollars ten or Aquila
Oh
nice pigment
near these new pants are tight I'm
trying to wear the man
the so time right just so time
once we've just had what's whatever
organic Fuji oil Fuji Ottawa apples so
again some apples I've never seen this
before
probably our grant closer cool
shannon with your groceries here are
those this little needle is perfect good
amount of like peas and carrots and the
ginger Apple whose kale and lettuce
there's not bad and now we're just going
to get like just be other little things
like capsicum onion
some women eat chicken I might just show
you because the next place we're going
to try to I think people get angry we
film so we'll just show you when we get
home everything we bought
great so this is going to be my very
informal haul we got the ginger kale
organic carrots collars leaders eggs I
just went in to cut it down and got them
some cabbage red onion tomatoes some
macadamia nuts apples spinach greens
pineapple them in an eggplant capsicum
broccoli miss : and then just a
free-range chicken that we got from
countdown then we're going to hear for
lunch / maybe dinner or lunch more
Tamila debt so that is pretty much a
standard shop and then we just have like
a whole bunch of ignore half the stuff
in there because that's from before we
started rapid but the things I do use
are just here so some soy sauce chili
and lime chili masala and paprika and
all sorts of just herbs and stuff like
that so yeah that's pretty much what
what we buy I hope you guys like this
really short basic pretty pointless
video and I'll talk to you guys soon bye
