hi everyone so today I'm going to be
doing a collab with delizioso here on
YouTube might be spring Kelly we're
doing a similar so I'm making these
super clean fish cakes made out of
salmon so this is how you do it let's
make this dish you'll need about 450
grams of salmon that'll do three people
250 grams of cauliflower a teaspoon of
ground cumin a couple of tablespoons of
both spring onions and chopped up
parsley a chunk of lemon some mints too
chilly around half a cup of ground-up
almonds depending on how dry you want
the formula a teaspoon of minced garlic
and one free-range egg so let's begin
you want to start by heating up the
cauliflower and a pot of boiling water
and just cooking this through while
you're doing that you can start with the
fish so basically you want to be skinned
it you can use 10-7 if you prefer but
I'm trying to be as clean as possible so
no Christus foods so I'm making my own
kind of squishy seven formula so you
just wanna get the skin off because you
don't really want that in there and then
place it in your food processor and just
blend it away
and this is what it should look like
pretty gross huh by the time you've done
this the cauliflower should pretty much
be cooked through I like to just take a
fork and stab it and see if it's soft
and then just put it in a big bowl now
what you want to do is take a little bit
almond milk
I like to use almond milk because I
don't want to use any dairy and then I'm
just gonna mix it until it becomes quite
squishy and really chopped up you know
what I mean
so this looks pretty good by now I'm
gonna chuck it in the fridge to cool
down it won't take long only a couple
minutes and while I'm doing that I'm
going to combine all of the other
ingredients so in goes the salmon and
goes the egg please make sure it's
organic or you know catch free free
range be nice to the chickens and and go
the chopped up almonds I just did that
in my food processor and also the onions
and the parsley I love lemon with my
fish something a lot of dead end and
then of course I'm going to fall out
with the garlic I'm just using about a
teaspoon I love garlic you can add more
or less or however much you want and
then I'm adding a small teaspoon of
chilli and then a teaspoon of that cumin
seasoning spice perfect thing and if you
would like of course add as much salt
pepper as you would like I love mix and
pepper and then just combine mix it all
up until it looks a little something
like this I know it doesn't look a gift
but just wait a few minutes it's gonna
look better soon now that the
cauliflower has cooled down you can add
that in we don't want to edit hot
because I might cook the egg and you're
not really in to actually cook the fruit
of things yet so that's love it very
good idea it'll look like this kind of
looks like can't form it
mine was a bit wet so I put a few more
almonds just to make it a little bit
more dry just so they don't hold
together a little bit better you know
once you start cooking them and
everything you don't really want them to
fall apart on you
perfect okay now I'm taking a little 1/3
cup measuring cup and I'm just putting
in a whole lot of mixture and then
plopping it out on baking paper and this
is how I'm gonna measure out my soothing
I'm just making them like that so that
they're all the same size and they're
easy to cook and they look pretty so I'm
just going to do that and then after
this is done they gotta go into the
fridge for a few hours or as long as you
can manage
you want them to be in the fridge for at
least 20 minutes at the be a minimum
just so that you know
sit now we're ready to cook them so what
I'm gonna do is just use a big dollop of
coconut oil and just leave this melt and
then we're gonna fry it our salmon so
now I'm just putting them mmm using a
spatula pretty self-explanatory I'm just
gonna do two or three at a time just
whatever your pan can hold I suppose but
I don't want to put too me in there at
once because soon I will squash them a
little bit just so that they cook
through a little bit faster and a little
bit more evenly so I'm just cooking
these on medium-high heat and then after
a few minutes or so flip them over you
can just kind of like tell when they're
ready to flip because they'll go a nice
golden color and if you like them to be
a little bit more rare in the middle
because you can't eat salmon that way if
you prefer and just don't cook it for as
long but I don't mind to be completely
cooked so I'm gonna cook them a bit
longer and then once they're done feel
free to clip them with a nice little
side salad like I have here or you can
even do some vegetables stinky cheese a
good serving size is two to three if
you're on rapid fitness and I hope you
guys enjoyed this video we're gonna be
swimming in it are like a freak yeah
these taste delicious give them a go and
if you do try them out make sure you
hashtag rip Fitness hashtag living well
hashtag chantix oh so I can see your
recreation and it'll be so much fun have
a really really great day and I'll talk
to you soon bye
