hey everyone so today I'm doing a video
that was very very very really nice and
highlighted bright youth youth fools
never I'm denial I am in denial
hopefully wrongly who lit the brighting
right learning yes it's a knit shirt I
didn't and if you know wait if you
follow me and whenever I wear it me just
my skin just looks and whenever I wear
it one spot but I do prefer the formula
but I do prefer the formula of this one
here basically like what we were gonna
do is like
I'm just gonna brighten up my under eyes
a little bit more bye
previously the clip in extinctions huh I
made a hole on I made note on each those
so now my dog is barking
okay anyway so they have you so yeah
that's it and then they
but I will cease when I also eat some
nutrition honey manuka honey okay so I
will just run through so I'll just
insert so I'm gonna say the rules right
now so that they're out of the way I'll
also put the link the like the shortest
it won a free box set sail towards
someone with this month's vegan cuts
Smith its neck box two lucky people
can't a little bit a wing this is off
one of my blog so you can you so I'm
always using heat protectant soy so what
I like to do highlighter musings dark
I'm using the stealer your favorite kind
of leche is so in case I put a pop of it
CatDog what else and also hope the
lighting is going a bit bright mm-hmm
the chair ebrill sorry the color usual
color Oh human here so you can't you can
but then if I go into and not enough and
then if I go into it next I can you were
you're here and I hide and you can stop
so this one I'm not really dig out
starting out with this eye tattoo not I
didn't even know how to describe it just
looks I don't even know okay I ain't got
them stuck so we want to focus on it
naturally you should have shred a long
time you know this as well but is the
major but it is the Maybelline I hope
you guys enjoyed this tutorial and I'll
talk to you
