every one so I thought I'd do a bit of
an update on my rep and fitness detox if
you can hear like cushy and me as those
he's just got himself a frisbee and he's
like running around making it on the
craft um but yeah basically today is day
4 and I feel freaking amazing
I have like way past life a couple of
times and I have lost a bit away I'm
pretty sure it's like all this water
weight and stuff has just come off like
my stomach is completely like not
bloated anymore it's crazy and I've even
heard II
cravings I think it's real cool because
like you can have like fruit on the
steak stalks so basically the last two
days like yesterday and the day before I
was juicing so I just made various
juices with Fiji's and fruits and I was
full like the entire day I just hit
snacks and I was sweet I thought I would
struggle hardcore but it really wasn't
that bad so that was a real good bonus
and then today was my first day clean
eating so I got a few more days clean
eating and then we repeat the process
so today Hamish worked man - we were
meeting the slang and then we went out
for lunch with her husband and her
daughter and what we did was we just
went to a restaurant and it was a girl
restaurant I cannot remember the name
I'm sorry but it was in Mission Bay and
I'm sorry I'm like not looking in the
right place this camera is like real
different from Milan I'm using his
camera but basically I just ordered they
didn't even eat salads on the menu they
had like a grilled chicken dish so I was
like can you just give me the grilled
chicken off of that dish and then serve
it to me with like a double side salad
or something like that and they're like
yep definitely excited that was
delicious I'm gonna recreate it for
Hamish as lunch tomorrow it was
literally like it was walnuts cucumber
like salad sprouts I hit a bit of apple
in there it was just amazing I hit a
light vinaigrette which were allowed
also oh my god it was so satisfying and
delicious oh it's just so stars and I
also made would also make I was going to
have Moroccan chicken for lunch bet I
made that for Hamish I was gonna do it
for myself but then I ended up going out
for lunch it's almost done time now
I hit a snack like an hour ago of just
some nuts and stuff like that so it's
not gonna have fish
salad no actually I think I'm a fish and
stir-fried veggies I'm going out today
and got so many buddies I'm going to
show you in a second what I bought
yeah I've bought so many vegetables and
was really excited to use them and I've
been looking at recipes like crazy I've
got so many cool recipes I want to do
some cooking videos for you guys I'm
thinking about doing salmon fish cakes
for my first one because me and Kelly
are doing a collab on cooking salmon so
it's gonna be my first video and yeah
I'm really excited it's this float yeah
it is focus okay I was freaking out for
a second I'm yeah I'm really excited to
start doing cooking videos I've got a
lot of like videos I want to do and I am
just gonna upload them on this channel
because I can't be bothered doing like a
complete different channel I've got two
channels already it's hard enough to
keep up with as it is I don't want to be
switching around between three different
channels and confusing everyone my vlog
channel is literally just anything I
want on it so I want to put cooking
videos up on it I look like death my
hair is all knotty oh my god I got
caught in the rain today and steer him
to pitch at like hoid it down on me as
getting groceries I'll go so so it's
like my boots are inside drying they're
literally like soaking waste like
dripping wet it's disgusting
hasn't rained at this intense in a long
time it's basically the outcome day for
so far heaven he cravings personally
haven't felt sick apart from like debris
into the first day or like mid first day
which I said in my last little video
diary or whatever yeah I'm feeling
amazing I feel like I was talking to him
and he's like do you just feel like
really energetic I was like yeah I
really don't I feel very energetic I
almost feel really healthy already even
though he's a bit long just the fact
that my body is like cleansing out all
of the chemicals and processed foods and
stuff like my body just feels amazing
it's crazy but yeah I'm really start so
fast I'm excited to see how the next
week and a bit goes and obviously I will
keep updating you guys every now and
again I'm not gonna do it everyday
because it's kind of over the top but
yeah every now and again so yeah I hope
anyone else that's on that this journey
with me is going good anyone that's
starting today or tomorrow good luck
it's not as high as you'd think the
foods are amazing like and I'm going to
be showing you guys some really young
stuff you can cook as well because I
know sometimes you get
but like you get caught out with just
making videos and you you kind of think
like oh that's kind of boring but
there's so many different spices and
herbs and all sorts of stuff that you
can cut with to make it real interesting
but anyway I'm gonna show you what I
bought today quickly just in case anyone
kids hey hey hey hey hey hey hey look at
all those toys down here I have some
mushrooms pineapple in the back there I
have some spinach almond milk some of
the stuff isn't mine like this is the
flatmates as well so those are the
showers and then up here is mine and
Hamish is shelves
got some fish head and drink for dinner
ginger be true onion okay and here we've
got broccoli capsicum cabbage
avvocato garlic back there we have more
cuts Kim's we have some sprouts I got
these alfalfa and reddish sprouts so
they should be good and then some
spinach I think I've got some bok choy I
got heaps and heaps and heaps of stuff
silverbeet I think I said spinach twice
anyway capsicums cucumber pineapple more
pineapple likes lots of carrot lots and
lots of celery thick there I had some
what is it cauliflower some herbs some
snow peas I have some red onions jokes
that was spring onion there does the
cucumber there so yeah that's what's in
my fridge so I'm gonna make a whole lot
of yummy stuff out of all that and your
app here we've also got some that I gar
liqu chili I want to get some new chilli
and garlic though because it's not
organic and then some coconut cream and
just all that good stuff so that is what
I eat I hope you guys enjoyed this
little update heaps of good foods I just
went to the Ellerslie like organic food
place and they're like some other random
organic food places to fight most of my
fruit and veggies yeah just trying to
get like some of my stuff so far hasn't
been organic just because we've been in
a bit of a rush preparing but I've been
trying to get as organic as I can
that's kind of my goal just to get
completely organic food so yeah
hopefully it tastes as good as it costs
and I'll talk to you guys soon bye
