hey everyone especially I thought a door
follow me because I'm going makeup
shopping maybe I'm gonna go over little
mates limit Ally and then I've got to go
up to ashes because we're filming our
second update for a third fitness which
you probably have already seen by the
time I actually it and upload this video
and what happened we're going out to
dinner with the rapid fitness family I'm
gonna go get I think it's Japanese not a
hundred percent sure but I'll vlog
everything
here's my basic heads out for the day
wearing a big scarf from glistens
playing white tea from dish and then
these genes from a sauce and then I'm
gonna be wearing like black booties and
yeah I took off the scarf replaced it
with this ring a stubby take and my
Michael Kors watch ah I don't know what
looks better though I'm just gonna roll
with it I think what do you know I'm
gonna go with the scarf
go problems
I'm like the dope
got some stuff so Tardelli
so terrible yeah we love Mika and if
you're going to go to makeup go to new
market because they like
that's so we're good in the end they're
really really really really
which is always good because they don't
treat you like you're not important it
sounds stupid but it's true
combustion
just came home and we've got a bunch of
brands exclusive packages oh my god I
mean - hey what are you doing getting a
treat yeah look so happy yeah you know
it's always thinking like ooh you take
away dreams I just try it on
hence the reason it's on the floor I got
this off friends exclusive and it's baby
animals inside cupcakes and it's by the
brand Wild Orchid it's amazing
I just tried on this lipstick here my
stealer called Avery it's there
hello bomb up see I feel like it's
almost got like a slight hip mint
tingled now to show you my lips I've
gotta line my old looks like yeah it's
kind of what it looks like I'm loving it
so far it's very nice it's gone off to
Ashlee Ellen's eyelash place because I'm
gonna film there because she's working
I'm so it's pretty much like who get in
it's 3 o'clock so I'm gonna get the
awesome 3 o'clock traffic falling
traffic but yeah got my camera and my
tripod you're gonna do that and I think
we're off to rope and fitness to just go
over the plan because we start soon just
finalized everything I'm really freaking
excited like we're pushing it back
another day just so that you guys are
really liking you and then it she wants
to do it even though this is so
redundant because like it's already
gonna be done by the time you watch this
video but doesn't mean I'm just talking
so you were pushing it baby day but I'm
just like I just want to start I want to
get it done but it's ok I'm not eating
like this super unhealthy although I
think I might take advantage of better
body break in before I start like I
might get butter chicken yeah I love
butter chicken
it's arrived and Ashlee is located just
above the vegetarian and Indian cuisine
up this that's why I'm going it's like
3:30 I need to be here at 4:00 I'm
always early
like freakishly early it's really weeded
better than being late I guess I hate I
just can't stand it when people are like
it's like a big cave that Danish I was
just telling him we dinner was
and it looks like Clinic we're just
going into getting out forty-fifth
pissed in touch taking so we can see
what changes over our journey because
obviously like I've got a whole lot of
Burger King stuck into my arms not doing
this to lose weight just to clarify
again but when you cut out crap out of
your diet it's gonna happen no matter
what you do but I'm excited to get toned
like to find out my arms turn up my legs
even more spread out my stomach a little
calm and feel amazing as well of course
this is Jay from record fitness what are
we doing measuring aspects and body
composition and we're gonna test your
hair exciting I survived
actually did really well I didn't stop
once in the first thing I ran he was
likely to okay yeah
and they're just like this way yeah
good music J you just mentioned from the
number three person I am in a wig really
away ever just it'll just happen to
match the nature of Ian so am i above
average or nor range for females between
like lean is around 25 to 18
okay so it's not too bad just gonna add
V talks and we got some good green stuff
and um and butter yeah I'll get it and
then I'll get it coconut oil Cup race
just hate Simon for in here and then
there's still like a ton more pages that
we get for all of our recipes for our
juicing fasting and all of that kind of
stuff it's gonna be so much fun
but yeah it's looking pretty good yeah
actually get to eat some really young
stuff this is the gym there that the gym
and this bathroom is like insane sweet
flesh this gym is our knives and all the
changing rooms things yeah we're gonna
go to hit back home
Hamish is copper it sounds like Hades
video
I'm gonna go pick them up so we can go
dinner and really excited for English
cause a piece of crap and there's to
sell it
who's the most so Bruce here I tried
their socket and it wasn't too bad it's
like looks like watered-down vodka try
everyone's really dragged button so the
driver
and we've got like five minutes to go
into the movie start they were and we're
in CBD and the movie starts at 9:00 and
Soviet park
so if you live in Oakland you know that
Cynthia village give it away who we are
how was it
he's alright the beginning was bit of a
mean yeah it's okay
Oh
please dream up the movies okay block
tomorrow so that seemed up today's well
we're gonna go home and go see the
Monsignor dishes yeah we're gonna see
this
