you could kill yeah leave Helen so it's
currently stay today
hey everyone by the way um and I am
getting ready I'm picking out of my men
and doing a little pillow class I'm
getting ready to go at Auckland
tonight with Hamish because early
tomorrow morning and here the meetup
with the clinique so yeah I'm gonna take
you along with me
I don't know what I'm gonna wear
tomorrow I've picked so many things I've
got this whole Sonia lucky carry-on
suitcase this - it's like chock-a-block
that's such a Kiwi thing chock-a-block
chocolate block with a clothing I have
no idea what to wear you guys I'm
stressing out I'm gonna take some fake
tan so I can fake ten tonight at the
hotel before tomorrow so that I wake up
looking method Browns because at the
moment I'm anything but so yeah this is
what I'm doing right now time to carry
on packing need to go drop off Indy with
my granddad I'm still gettin D and two
hours and then head to the airport and
catch the flight time to drop off this
little girl and then we're heading to
the airport but haven't forgotten
anything my skin looks bright red
because I just massage a whole lot of
oil into it it's feeling so crappy right
now right on time for a big event as
always a flight is at 6:00 something
that's full 42 now so with the heaps of
time but I just like being really thin
you don't have to stress out or anything
I think we stay at the house you know
something's wrong which is I think I
love the hotel
manche manche go some food in the latch
soup YUM
yeah it's really nice so we just got to
our room at the Hilton so lovely here
ahead stage here a couple times in the
past it's definitely a fave dish and
Hamish we're so excited about tomorrow's
meeting great here's a few products that
we know you will love in something he
missed you where is he going is that I'm
the Waikiki Island one maybe they travel
there's like probably we might just
scratch some room service or something
and then it's bid nice and early because
I've got an early start smart how lovely
evening we look forward to meeting you
tomorrow bunny in the team at clinic New
Zealand thank you so much come on Hamish
let's do an unboxing clinic for me you
haven't tried much clinic skincare
heavenly moisturizer lotion tackle face
wash oh you're probably like that you
like chuckles no give that one a try and
a fixed grip coonass I like the
packaging my ribbon here I love this
like ripping jars I've been wanting to
try this so bad because I love makeup
bomb removers I've seen people raving
about this this is a cleansing balm take
the day off so I'll try that tomorrow
night went up actually got makeup on and
then we have my favorite I actually
bought those with me oh well Moisture
Surge it's the extended thirst relief
the jowl kind of moisturizer I raved
about yeah Moisture Surge overnight mask
word man on this side oh my gosh
I saw this on Instagram the packaging
what's so cool because I knew yes it's a
collection Jonathan Adler because the as
you guys know the Papa plush is my
favorite blush formula can you help me
just open it
see how it's got the pattern isn't it so
called this is peach pot which is why my
favorite kind of colors oh yeah playing
that balloons game on our PlayStation
and on the iPhone app so good anyway we
have pitstop I cream oh I've been seen
this before Clinique mascara thanks umm
let's say it's the contour Chevy stick I
put that with me as well um yeah a
couple of lipsticks here and then
there's a couple more things and I
bought that with me too mind reader's so
we've got the shade sibling and the
shade a point five and the shade was
this six point seven five
Harada is the chubby stick intense
moisturizing lip Alabama shall be plump
and shine liquid lip plumping it gloss
that sounds good
yay I'm so excited are you excited yeah
we good okay I just faked end and I'm
just throwing some moisturizer and I
really want to try this as well the
overnight Moisture Surge
mask smooth generously and evenly over
the face and gently massage until
absorbed I already washed my face
where's my moisturizer lift all my dear
lucky they gave me another one
this is like my third open one now
because I have my one that I've used
like half of it and then they sent me
another one because I loved it so much
now I've got a third so when you just
start on the second one I think the
first one must be in one of my suitcases
or something sometimes I just really
lazy and I don't unpack as you guys know
this is how it looks when it's nice and
spackling you love the packaging this is
definitely by far one of my favorite
moisturizers ever the t-shirt this is so
nice it's just so cooling my skin always
feels like crap after I fly even though
it's only like one hour
it just like patches my skin I'm so
dehydrated today I think turkey water
and stuff all day long you guys if you
haven't tried this gorgeous like a
Clinique counter just put on your hand
and feel it because I promise you you'll
be exists
okay now this one apply generously so
yeah you leave it on overnight I'm just
like doing it the mihrab behind you guys
so I've employed all over and massage
and the shields really nice too it's
really different than which dry so this
is more of a creamy moisturizing run
thin a gel it feels really thick and
like luxurious I love overnight
moisturizing mask I've actually going to
feel with them at harm so to be good to
say how this one kind of goes up against
those ones
so if Eric feels really creamy and nice
this one definitely doesn't feel heavy
on your face sometimes the hydrating
ones that you leave on overnight they
feel so like thick which kind of grosses
me out because sometimes I eat that
rolling over onto my stomach and
sleeping on my face so in that whole
life is a pillar so cool bit this one
rubs in my skin looks nice looks nice
and hydrated and glowy can pimples it
last night there we go clean ready for
vehicle not really why am i chewing gum
stored hid this for like two hours okay
yeah and it should be here so I'll show
you guys what we got
I'm so excited I'm trying to show you
guys my kid doing so long now this is
just my natural hair texture as well it
ride so here is that dinner delivered to
us oh my gosh your salad looks so good
jealous okay this is my salad again
maybe it's to stop it from spilling yeah
um so we got orange juice and then I got
this feature in fitter and pumpkin salad
and then Hamish got a Caesar salad and
then we just got these to share so this
is a like finishing in just we changed I
think it came with salmon and we got it
with mushroom and spinach and then
surprised oh we didn't get always beated
they got our ep I have Shou it is 6:00
a.m. I'm a bastard in my makeup I'm so
tired
my eyes are all puffy but we can do this
it's fine so I'm currently applying I'm
just moisturized I've got the clinic
beyond perfecting a foundation concealer
I'm trying the shade 6.05 it suits me
today
pretty good let me just it look like it
will soak all that fresh baked ham on
and then I'm going to use a lighter
color in my eyes
I cannot do this the whole time I do my
makeup there's like no way to put my
camera seems like free holding it just
using a sponge
they call it actually looks decent I
think once open on the like I learned of
my little pivot now I'm just putting
some at 0.5 breeze onto my eyes and
stuff this is the color usually use
foundation on looks sort of freaking
nice by the way to the last I was so
good really enjoy it the pasta was
definitely amazing she liked yourself
so good fries was so good I'm hungry
everytime I wake up really I get hungry
but they might also feel sick if I ate
it's like really all right now we're
doing the curvy Khandwa
lanique clubbing club it couldn't make
it chubby stick sculpting contour little
more oh yeah I used this in my Clinique
one brand to twirl that was like the
first time I think I really liked it I'm
gonna try it out again today do you own
this stuff so easy to blend look at that
okay I'm just gonna carry on doing my
makeup and I'll show you a few of my
favorite Lane pries that I used today
cuz it's a clinic me up you guys I want
to waste some clinic Vanko I'm really
impressed with a lot of stuff especially
the blushes you guys know I did bring my
Clinique moisturizer it was just in my
makeup bag to break this time I've just
been straightening my hair and getting
dressed I've got to finish my makeup
stalk someone with them well this isn't
stuff but I think we've got about 40
minutes to go so I should be on time
you'd hope so here's breakfast it looks
really good
tomatoes brown avocados spinach Oh what
is it called he's been at it does with
you X holidays it's kind of all of this
and then I got a long black and some
orange juice cuz I need something to
wake me up ASAP we thought would sit
outside it's not very cold it's such a
beautiful view I love it yeah it's real
nice
well it looks like it's gonna rain over
there but over here looks good maybe
it's like a restaurant or something this
is so good Holly we're community so
here's my outfit this is from a show PO
the jacket I think is from white folks
boutique or something I think this was
from Whitehorse wasn't it I can't
remember
and then my shoes just ruby shoes
they're like a pink set in hill kind of
situation so yeah that is me done I
straighten my hair here's my makeup
using the pinky peachy way was that
peach pop the blush I showed last night
huge lashes nude lips just real simple
I'm outta breath because we're rushing
we're about to hit out now Chicka straw
bags and catch a ride up to opening so
I'll be seeing you guys soon
change is getting really an answer of
your question how are you feeling good
ready for everyone
apparently there's hundreds of people
out there so pretty exciting as many as
I can in an hour
nice you forgot your questions already
oh yeah sweet just wing it when you
start to talk good don't drop it don't
be blue much else because I don't really
wear makeup everyday Talley run whose
Duty secrets no really secret away make
sure you remove your makeup because
every time I turn it it comes out and
also I love inside my heart oil or
what time you guys get here oh my god
Hey how was it good look at this nice
rocking it we were just saying that
you're kind of matching today I care
Eliseo Bay
oh my god it's so cool yeah I remember
that now yeah before I kind of wings up
but yeah I do remember that's so cool
it's amazing thanks so much and you guys
blew from
are you guys will come over yeah yeah
yeah what do you what are your names
and how long have you guys been watching
Shannon for six years how's it going
I know you normally get saw like cheek
from smiling for an hour for long but
it's Colby your way to Kane on the
weekend in the Sunday but it's good
thanks for coming you guys look amazing
next to each other
you'll make ups really good it's all
right oh hey Chloe how's it going good
good she just got here
what are they highlighters nice she got
Bo you got them signed and it's back to
rotor off the oh yeah
name and your email Oh that'll be
innocent you're fired
and you were just telling me something
before about your fella
it's good how you finding it
that's the bitch and how long have you
been a fan of shadows
that's so good where have you come from
today are you from tacos
oh you got a Schmidt look at that
bringing friends together yeah did you
guys just have a good time and and
what are you doing for the rest today
good time everything went well it turned
out that the the person who won the
competition yeah miss Joey yeah
like hot out she came from where
tomorrow it's down south so yeah thank
you very far west so we're going for
lunch just inside the hill turn out a
place called fish don't eat in here
before but should be good it's just
saying this like some sort of permission
thing yeah they're right where we're
sitting
yeah their angle Shannon - tending to
see what this is
I thought was hard and it's not I
thought it was like a bit better college
editors what does it taste like
so for mine I got the title prawn cellar
looks good
you've been trying to men know if you
know this modules it's like a mozzarella
creamy cheese and matter and what are
they again I forgot what they were some
window so there's my lamb I got you
don't have some of them oh yeah I mean
I'm so used to saying a detractor so
happy so happy legs everywhere hey Zeus
you're a good boy just once
yes so funny oh no maybe one more one
more set that was born ok time for me to
try out this Clinique
make heart removing bomb good morning my
makeup for like 13 hours or something
and I am so ready to take it off I
already told my life she's got super dry
eyes on the plane ok anyway this is cold
at the clinic take the day off cleansing
at bomb face and eye makeup transforms
from a solar bomb to a silky fluid oil
upon application use your fingertips
massage the bum of a dry skin and rinse
well this looks like balm if you haven't
seen one of these products before I'm a
big fan like a brands have tried so far
so hopefully this one's good feel it's
quite creamy
okay this one's actually really good I
usually do so much more than this and
it's usually not as thin as this like
you put it on and it's still quite thick
and chunky this one dissolves really
thin on your face like it feels really
lightweight hopefully that makes sense
to you guys who have tried these perhaps
before that's not good
get it off okay now I've got a weight
Phenom oh I hate that wood lentil it's
just a grouchy word lentil yeah I like
this I like it already
I'm gonna keep removing this over the
sink but you get the idea
look that's just using that one product
and I hit a whole crate on a makeup on
today
like a lot looks clean thank you so much
to everyone who came to my meetup of
course it was so lovely to meet you guys
sorry you know it's quite a quick and
fast paced but I just want to get to as
many people as I could cause so many
people turned up it was amazing
so thank you so much for all of the
support and of course thank you to
clinic for hosting the Meetup and giving
me this opportunity to meet up with my
followers and everything and lunch was
amazing and the hotel was amazing it was
just a really amazing short trip to all
play and it was really good so thank you
so much I am so so tired I can't even
like I'm like out of breath cuz I'm
talking too quick anyway thank you guys
so much for everything I love you guys
and I'll talk to you in my next vlog
