hey everyone so I'm not going to edit
this video because I just want to get up
really really fast basically I just
finished well nearly finished show about
to lay in bed and just watch Game of
Thrones to the rest of the night and
fall asleep but I finished the day one
of the detox so hopefully like there's
heaps of girls that are doing this with
me and we're all kind of communicating
in our little private Facebook group and
if you're not part of that year you will
be sewn just content the rapid fitness
tomb if you really want to gently be in
there I mean lots of good feedback on it
Instagram and stuff but yeah so far so
good I have a little bit of a headache
and I'm not hungry but I feel like
sleepy like really no energy right now
and it is what's the time 643 so not
long to go now and I'm really looking
forward to tomorrow tomorrow is a full
juice detox today so just juicing all
day long and then we can have snacks as
well so some nuts and vegetables or
whatever we choose we've got like a few
different options so I'm really excited
about that and yeah I just thought I'd
fill you guys in this is day one of my
detox and yeah I'm feeling pretty good
so far and Hamish how are you feeling
yeah Hamish is alright he's complaining
less than I am because I'm just a little
bit shaky and tired and he's just like
whatever don't care we're just really
excluding ourselves from the flat the
moment cuz he Brown's cooking dinner and
stuff so we came in here just to watch
Game of Thrones and yeah it's not too
bad I thought it would be a lot harder
than this so so far it's really really
good yeah that's all I really got to say
hopefully I don't screw up too much in
this video because I don't want to edit
it as I see it but yeah
by the way I'm filming on Hamish is new
camera it is the Panasonic Lumix DMC g5
if anyone's wondering I got my roots
done today it's very good yeah and as
soon as I stop doing the cooking
probably in about two or three more days
I'm gonna start doing just some random
recipes and stuff like that some fun
stuff really excited to start
experimenting with it all so yeah I hope
you guys have a really good night no all
day if you're a deceased and I'll talk
to you tomorrow I've got a following
made that gonna upload tomorrow
