hey everyone so this is our first kind
of like it's not even a reflection blog
because we're starting tomorrow now I
like we meet start today but then we
thought it's easier for anyone that
wants to start with us they can start
tomorrow I don't even really don't go
talk about this time we said a
girlfriend's towel yeah trends when they
have lipstick on they take in food in
their teeth etc yeah okay
a lot of people were really confused in
the video I put up on my main channel
I'm not trying to lose weight by the way
but as we say like this is like the
first two weeks of this is a detox then
after that it's a healthy living plan so
in the detox what does it design to do
just like get rid of everything
basically the detox is just to check
cleanse and like because we've been
eating processed foods well ash isn't as
much as I have like for someone like me
I've been eating a lots of Burger King
and the bread and just heaps of stuff
like that that's not terribly good for
you so it's kind of like designed to
stop basically yeah it just cleanses out
your systems yeah oh you can get ready
to get on to the next place yeah get the
best results and feel awesome and stuff
like that and naturally of course could
because we're like getting rid of
processed foods and wheat and stuff like
that naturally you can drop weight
through that so I might lose a couple of
kilos but that's not the goal and then
after that is the next plan which is
just healthy living so it's like healthy
living and as we said there'll be like
challenges and all sorts of stuff and
I'm not forcing anyone to like join this
but the reason I'm kind of like excited
about is because it means you can do it
with me like to in a more personal level
rather than just like you know doing it
you're literally like interacting with
me which is really cool because it's
support for me and support for you and
we've just set up a page as well for
anyone that doesn't up buying it you can
like what is it it's like a Facebook
group so it's really close so you can
just write down that if you guys see me
how I make food ideas and like if you
want to like see other people's before
and afters like cuz you know people want
show people what they look like now but
they don't want to be judged by everyone
so this is like a safe environment where
everyone's like you know - a morning
each other each other I'm so hot I'm
taking this off and I'm really storks
like heaps if you're saying they can
exciting healthy which is really really
cool and hips of people are doing this
with us and thank you we're really
excited we're so excited I've had heaps
of people tweet me and know how to grab
me which is really the plan he was a
people really pumped about it and it's
going it's legitimately gonna be amazing
like you guys have no idea in the last
video it just wants to clear something
up because she was like she did say to
heaviest she was 70 kilos which we know
for like some people isn't much but yeah
make a 5 a tiny person I'm 5 foot 2 I'm
very short so I don't mean that it was
like like bigger I didn't mean to offend
anyone because I did see a comment and I
was like wow okay yeah that it's not
very heavy but for me I'm five foot toes
so I'm very tiny person so for me that
was very over like overweight and and
and I just also wanted to clarify that
my baby is too so I didn't start
dropping weight until she was like a
year and a half so you know I'm not
telling people or forcing people you
know it's straight after you have a baby
lose weight because it's not what
happened with me at all I just found
myself a lot heavier and obviously with
just no not looking after myself running
a business having my baby and not
looking after myself in that way so my
weight loss journey you know it started
as three months ago and then with the
slimming world program
I just I'm doing this just to be healthy
and I want to live a healthy lifestyle
and you know um yeah that's why I'm
doing it so do you agree like sorry if I
offended anyone know you can do this
right now should be like the last time
we mention weight loss because this is
not for us like if you were like 10
kilos heavier then you would want to be
like if you did do this plan with us
you'd end up losing it anyway because
you're actually eating so good and
whoever gets fat from living the way
that we were intended to live on
vegetables and you know sell fake and
it's just like feeling good yeah
so anyone that has a ton of weight to
lose maybe you could try all the options
first like the record stuff but I mean
this is healthy living and no matter if
you're thin already and just want to
like live healthy or if you're wanting
to lose a few kilos and wanting to live
healthy like it's gonna work because
it's foolproof that's living healthy and
that's what we're trying to like
emphasize like that's the last time I'm
going to say weight loss because this is
just living healthy for us from now on
yeah that's our goal to be healthy yeah
also like heaps of people think that I'm
being sponsored by some huge like like
weight loss company or like something
stupid like that that's not the case
like this little thing that we've put
together is literally like Mia Nash and
Jane Kim who are the ones that run
record fitness and like gem yeah they're
amazing and I mean I've been on the
program phages and Shen's always always
i've always known about it exactly and
you boys that I've always been like
watering it so for us it was just like
something exciting to do to get there
and and it just makes me I've always
wanted to live healthier like I do
love kind of healthy but I destroyed my
motivation to like cut everything else
but this is my motivation now yeah and
like Jane Kim are really cool and you'll
be seeing a lot of them also on Facebook
because they are doing this with us like
it's not just a big money-making scheme
or anything stupid like this is
literally like all of us together like
they are doing this with us all and
you'll get to see like them some more
like they're gonna do like videos and
profiles and you'll see them in may like
we want to do like workout videos and
just silly things like that like it's
gonna be a lot of fun and that's why I
thought this would be a good angle for
me to take as well because it's
everything people asked me for everyone
says do recipes do healthy videos like
do workout videos like this is all of
that that's like perfect yes
so yeah if you are starting with us you
don't have to start with us you can
start anytime you want but I mean if you
want to do this with us then we're
studying on Thursday now so tomorrow and
I'm also thinking about doing like some
kind of healthy food haul thing or
something like that with Hamish just to
show you what kind of food I'm going to
get in preparation and ash is going to
make a channel real soon so soon as she
does that do I'll put the link down
below so you can like keep track we're
on
it yeah because we'll be doing like real
personal like like not daily but most
days we'll put up like some kind of
comment on Facebook or some video saying
how we feel and like you know being
completely honest because like it's
almost like coming off sugar like I have
a little bit of sugar my dad not heaps
but for people that ate a lot of sugar
and everyday on everyday basis and go
through details like this sugar is
literally like a drug so when you come
off of it you literally feel like really
dabs just like it should tired crap let
you feel like death so we're gonna be
like documenting how we feel every
single day but everyone's different but
it's just gonna be really interesting
and we're going what are we doing today
- with Ruben we are going in to get our
fat percentage yeah you can so we're
gonna get our fat percentage shaken just
because I don't like we don't think we
fit or anything but just to see what the
changes yeah within the chiding out
persist food Exeter is like just for
interest like sight like we want to make
it real scientific as well it's gonna be
really cool so that's what we're doing
today and that's about all we've got to
say until we do NEX update yeah and good
luck to everyone that's joining with
heaps of people and it's people are
saying on Instagram they're doing it so
yeah make sure you use our hashtag our
if healthy what does that wholesaler be
and living well well knowing what our if
living yeah that's a living hashtag and
you can at record fitness and at us on
Instagram or whatever but yeah and if we
see your posts were like you know
Cummings on it and late we'll share our
stuff and blah blah blah it's just gonna
be cool and then there'll be the
Facebook group so if you do buy the plan
and want to be a part of that group you
know you'll be a part of there and will
be a lot more personal which is gonna be
cool because then it makes it a bit
different and like it just makes it a
bit different from other things I think
and makes a lot easier from everyone
okay so it's over now and we will talk
to you really soon sorry if the
Lighting's been changing a lot the songs
like solar lights glaring in here
