hey everyone today I'm doing a unboxing
video for it's like a subscription
service I saw this website and it's
called vegan cuts and I saw it on
Chris's channels today that's right and
I wrote a comment I was like I must try
this
and so Creuset emailed them giving them
my email and they contacted me they like
we'd love you to try it so they sent me
one box just to try out and see if I
like it I'm pretty short internationally
they just have various shipping charges
I'm really keen to try this out so thank
you so much to vegan cuts if you're
watching this which I'm sure you are
if you let me try it out I'm really
excited I'm not a vegan by the way but I
do try to eat I don't know like I'm not
a huge meat-eater and I'm saying to go
very very organic and free-range with
all of the meat that I do touch these
days and eggs and everything I really
love eating alternatively like I like
eating vegan foods like vegetarian I eat
a lot of vegetarian meals anyways it
came in a little box a dick it opened
for inspection in New Zealand so that
kind of sucks it kind of sounds like
something's broken oh there's just a
really crumbly product that whatever I'm
gonna give it a go and see what's in
here
a little pink trusty scissors this is so
exciting I love unboxing stuff so yeah
basically these are all like vegan
snacks and things well it's the kind of
just I got so I'm just going to show you
everything that's in here first of all
we see bear fruit crunchy cinnamon apple
chips so they're chips but the vegan
hundred-percent natural there are less
than 50 calories in this bag 100%
natural apples baked and there's no
sugar no preservatives fat-free
gluten-free all-natural no cholesterol
no trans fat and a good source of fiber
so with that said sprinkle over oatmeal
toss into solids or mix into your good
definitely going to try to mix in here
we have the sweet and salty kettle corn
and it's by an N geez oh geez
Ang's looks like this and there are so
many calories in here natural
cholesterol free whole grain no high
fructose corn syrup vegan no trans fats
certified gluten free
so that's popcorn so many calories in
this whole bag it's not too bad
okay so here we have a cereal it's
organic gluten free superfood oats based
cereal this is a no G cacao so those are
both like superfoods all sweetness are
derived from low glycemic Whole Foods
goji berries and palm nectar
it sounds pretty interesting I'm not a
huge breakfast person I need to I need a
stuck in there yay I'm excited about
this on base by scrunchy chickpeas so
the chickpea snacks and they're kind of
spicy and made with organic chickpeas
it's this huge bag there's six servings
in here hundred twenty calories at per
serve chickpeas are a major source of
the world's protein and nutrition
chickpeas are cooked to a crunchy
perfection and flavored with all natural
ingredients now we have a vegan to light
fresh baked organic gluten-free baked 50
grams and says eat them now freeze them
and indulge Lissa the preservative free
organic I'll beep uh skits jokes they
look young cute these are deodorant
natural deodorant tell its solo tells
that you can wax up with that's really
cool I don't know that they put this
kind of stuff in here and it's
biodegradable as well which is perfect
good for the earth we have a herbal
hazelnut coffee YUM 75 percent organic
buttery hazelnuts enriched by golden
roasted almonds dates in figs that
sounds really delicious this is by the
brand
Ticino teaching our non acidic natural
caffeine free coffee
that's awesome caffeine free is really
good as well especially for people that
can't really handle it okay now we have
another oh this is a measly but it's
called noir bar banana coconut yum
naturally good nutrient dense Ross
sprouted
energy so this is a roll bar which is
even better 189 calories in this lots of
energy I guess because you know it's got
the nuts and everything in there and
lots of seeds dates oh my god yeah I'm
on like the date buzz at the moment I go
to this place and ellas Lee it's like a
little natural food supermarket and they
sell these little balls and they're made
out of like dates
cashew nuts almonds and just like other
like natural stuff they're organic
like blend it all up and make a little
ball and they are so good like so good
man hey mesh should being like I'm a
little buzzed like we get them all the
time this so young okay we got two more
things in here sesame ginger journey bar
savory nutrition but I made with real
herbs and spices I'm not going to try
all of this stuff on camera I'm just
aside this way too much
and I will not eat my dinner and I'm
making what am I making I'm making
vegetables and chicken for dinner so how
do that I'll make up the Splinter hamish
because I do not like ginger then the
last thing here all other such young
dark chocolate mint earnest eats baked
whole food bar wheat free vegan and four
grams of fiber made with mint grown and
harvested by refugees resettled in the
US ten cents from the sale of each part
to $5,000 supports International Rescue
Committee leading refugees from home to
home that looks I can smell it through
their place to mullet through the packet
it smells really young this parcel has
been expected from the Ministry of
Primary Industries under Section 120 of
the biosecurity 8 1993 thanks New
Zealand customs thank you so much I
think you think bro I think it was just
that I was hearing I thought it was like
something crumbled so yeah that's it and
then they give you a little whatever
this is called you know with everything
on it it's got like a little blurb about
each product so like what flavors there
and then on this side it says two lucky
people get their next box for free hit
here's how you inter you can snap a
picture and share it on Instagram and
Twitter tag it and then fill out a short
survey and you can go in to win one of
two free snack boxes I might do that and
if you want to buy some of this
apparently you can go on their website
and use a code to get ten percent off
like the product which is pretty cool so
I am really storage like there's so much
new stuff to track here and I suppose it
just depends on the person whether you
think it's worth speaking the money or
not to get all the stuff but for someone
like me who I'm utterly useless at
finding you know good brands and useless
at finding vegan stuff in New Zealand
like New Zealand is very meat
orientation like is a country we're all
about our farming so it's really cool to
have a service that just gives it all to
me you know like I can just buy the Box
everything
something I can try it out and then I
know where to get it from cuz I
everything has the website I want to do
everything so I don't know working this
really cool I'm gonna try one of these
these are the Bombay Stefan road crunchy
chickpeas I should have taken a photo of
all this before I ate it mmm I hope I
like these oh they taste just like put
you know like the Bombay mix like about
the supermarket Hamish loves that he's
gonna love this it's got that similar
kind of flavoring to it and the real
crunch here and they taste really like
they taste really naughty like something
really Fetty like chips and stuff like
that
awesome these are so good I'm going to
see if I can get these in New Zealand I
don't want to try anything else because
I want to take a photo of it so it's
just like sniffing the box right now
like oh my god good it to me yeah I hope
you guys liked this video I want to do
more videos I like kind of like a top
five or something like that every month
or like a favorite video every month on
my vlog channel with like my favorite
snacks and foods and stuff like that
that I've kind of discovered um do you
know what I mean like just trying out
new things and healthy things and
healthy alternatives like how I
mentioned that Phoenix organic energy
drink just like silly little things like
that they're just way better
alternatives to other stuff let me know
what you think
and obviously soon I'm gonna start doing
more cooking videos exercise videos all
sorts I promise you I am doing it but
I've just got something to announce
first it's nothing scary you don't worry
but yeah I've got something coming up so
I hope you guys have a really really
good day and I will talk to you soon bye
