everyone so freakin called I sort of got
like no color tomatoes because like my
hands are so freakin them but I'm about
to go to Sylvia Park cause I think it's
a Bonnie some kind of like Beauty clinic
they contacted me and asked me if I'd
like to try out some of this service
there's arsenic show my heart so I think
they do like leave that key removal
microdermabrasion suck I'm just sitting
over there now freaking freezing and
it's Billy
yeah I just thought it'd be a fun vlog
to do so yeah I'm not really sure what
I'm expecting so we'll just go excuse my
face how many what mascara I just
couldn't be bought this today
how's that you get what does it feel
like it's kinda like a tail
yeah yeah just tension just time like
yeah yeah that's good so 15 ounces
what do the guys usually pretty them you
have so many species antecedents
Brazilian the folks shipped a mentioning
yeah gotta give a thankful it's not
important
that's why Scala Gentiles relief of a
lot of Genesis that's a big place many
people still think that it's going to be
painful
yeah and then it might funding so there
are few things which people have got the
concerns and the machine is not right if
you don't know what he is doing
that's totally problem find support and
that's really Reuters well I would say I
mean the plane and base just arrived if
it was like a Ferrari like new yes
it was really really nice to have a look
around the bowl but it just made sauce
to be money so I think I'll just go home
now so tell you a little more about it
not that I'm out of the salon oh my god
I should have worn a jacket but I didn't
even think of it so basically laser hair
removal is where like the laser
basically gets at the root of the hair
so like if you start waxing you can't go
in there and get LASIK key removal
because there's no root there so targets
the roots basically makes it an active
they kind of put it like it's like when
you stop watering a plant the plant dies
because the roots die kind of thing so
it doesn't damage anything else like
there's no side effects it doesn't run
your skin or anything if anything it
makes the area softer think I'm so cool
they said there's no side effects the
pain level was really really small you
probably heard me saying like and the
lady was like it's almost like you think
flipped with a real rubber band or
something that's really accurate and
like I mean after like 30 seconds I
stopped even noticing it so I go to my
armpits and I got it on my like belly
because unfortunately I am one of those
girls that just has body here I never
used to notice it until I started
tanning and then the hairs went real
blonde and you could like to see them in
the Sun so that's their that and after
one kind of treatment you can see a
difference she said and you're already
notice that you can stop shaving so
regularly but obviously the more
treatments you get like you have economy
be how many she see it but like six or
something or something the more
treatments you have you basically you
just get to the point we don't really
need to shave or anything like there is
just stop so I think there's basically
just a bit but they were very
knowledgeable they set me down at the
beginning and taught me all about them
and all about the business and it sounds
real cool so yeah I suppose if you want
laser hair removal you've been thinking
about it for a while and this clinic
would be a really good place to start
like go in there have a chat to them
talk to them about what your
expectations are and they'll tell you
everything about it like the answered
all of my questions it went really
really well them there was so kind
really really really kind which is
really nice because sometimes you go to
like beauty clinics or like
any kind of beauty place and people are
a bit less than kind I found them the
past of me going to like just get
facials and things like that so it was a
really nice change to have them really
really really friendly and I think they
have other clinics or I new zealand as
well so yeah I'm super stoked and if
you've got any more questions about all
of this because this is why I'm doing
the video let me know because next time
I go on in six weeks time because you
wait six weeks to do the next treatment
I can go in there with all of the
questions go in there with all of the
like but if you want to see certain
things I can show you and the clinic
they have no problem with me filming in
there so I can show you everything yeah
Oh in the machines they use a really
high-grade they said not much pain
they're like I can't remember how they
put it but basically they're very very
safe and they're very very high quality
machines so I'm going to go home now
and I'm gonna make food and maybe juice
cuz I'm really hungry I am so out of
breath like I feel like I can't even
breathe in this coldness and I don't
know how people like winter it's not
even winter yet and it feels like it's
like the middle of winter it's friggin
horrible oh and then a couple of days
I'm going down to Pawnee so vlog because
I'm gonna go see Kelly because it's a
housewarming she bought a house so I'm
just so excited to see her got some
presents for in the back
Stephens bag and whatever shot that is
the home store so she's pretty lucky
