hey everyone so today I'm doing a random
topic blog I'm in someone in a little
while and I love doing these I need to
do them way more often um but yeah I
asked on Facebook for you guys leaving
some random words and I've got them on
my phone here so I'm just going to talk
about some random stuff bullying I was
talking with Haymitch about this the
other day we were just really having a
bit of a like a moaning a groan about
bullying we just don't understand proper
bullying like okay we've all talked
about people behind their backs or
judged someone without knowing them etc
etc etc but I feel like the difference
between judging someone and bullying
someone is like I can't believe people
actually either online like type or this
nicely stuff to a person just saying
like you are ugly you are fat you're a
disgrace you should go die people saying
this in real life to get kids at school
and all I over text or anything like I
just don't understand what makes someone
believe someone to their face like you
know it's not always to the face of its
online but to their face so they're not
just like having their own opinion about
someone and kick it up to themselves you
know sometimes that's just what happens
in life literally people go online and
just bully someone and I get it Hamish
gets it and all these other girls when
you should get it and then just everyday
people get it like I you sticking it
before I was late online or anything
like oh I was on Facebook and people
would believe me on facebook and just
things like they're like people at my
school and I just don't understand why
okay so when I think about it like okay
some of the people they don't like me
you may not like fake tits and you may
not like hair extensions you may not
like makeup but why does they give you
the right to come on camera and call me
like a stuck-up bitch or like I glue or
anything you may think I'm ugly that's
fine I don't care you can keep their
opinion to yourself it doesn't matter
why should you why do you feel the need
that you need to say that to me like and
told it to me like do you guys get what
I'm getting it it's like why does
someone go out to another girl and say
your outfit is ugly you look like a
homeless
person you look disgusting you know that
girl one made love her outfit and so
she's rocking it and she can do whatever
the hell she likes to she you know she
may not be able to afford branded
clothing she may not be able to afford
the latest trends and how is that her
fault you know what I mean I just hate
how people are so insensitive um people
can do whatever they like I can go get
fake tits if I want someone else can
stay natural if that's what they want
I'm not going out when saying oh your
natural you're disgustingly you know we
have no right to tell someone else to
change and bullying is just so stupid
and I don't understand it and I don't
know how people get throws out of
bullying someone the sad reality of it
is so many bullies out there people that
get bullied people get bullied and they
come online and they bully others and
it's just a cycle you know you don't
like it so don't do it to someone else
um I honestly if you follow me on
instagram you know I believe in
positivity you know things may not
always go to plan people may stab you in
the back people made you nasty things
but be positive don't go spreading
rumors don't go being nasty to people
it's not nice and you don't like it so
why should you do it to other people I
feel like when you're positive and you
uplift others and you know make them
feel great about themselves that's so
much more rewarding than saying you look
disgusting go die you know it just
boggles my mind and I just wish like
even if someone watching this if you
have been nasty to someone today if you
seem to text to someone saying something
really really mean saying they're ugly
saying that they don't deserve this all
that you know I just want you to rethink
your words just think about it like
think of how you're hurting that person
may be that person is an asshole but you
know I feel like you will feel better
about yourself if you do the right thing
so you know like as our YouTube I get so
much hate and it's fine because I have
this attitude where I can look past that
I have so much positivity on my channel
and that's what matters to me I don't
care about the negativity you know I
find it funny most of the time but not
everyone can handle it like that you
need to just be kind uplift others and I
feel like I'm talking about this for
waiting on there's my views on bullying
I think it's the most stupid thing ever
it's ridiculous it is totally stupid and
I just hope that even if I can change
one of you guys minds about being nice
do to someone else then I've
accomplished something at the end of the
day a person is going to live the way
that they want to live if they want to
do certain things with themselves or
look a certain way or act a certain way
that's their choice not anyone elses
like if they want to change themselves
it's fine if they don't want to turn
themselves that's fine it doesn't matter
how you want someone else to look it's
what they want to look like you know
like for me I don't do things for other
people I look the way I want to look I
act the way I do because it's what I
believe in and you know just all that
kind of thing like let people be who
they want to be that's all I can say how
to be famous and big on YouTube I
covered this in my last question and
answers there is no way to be famous or
big on YouTube it's hard work hard work
will get you places and not just YouTube
anywhere anything in the world you can't
just stumble across stuff and just
expect to be amazing you can't just do
things for the wrong reason expect to be
amazing like with YouTube I was doing it
like five years you know I've been doing
it for a long time i was doing usually
for like three years before anyone
noticed who I was so you need a dot for
the right reasons end of your staff to
it for a hobby don't just try to be
famous and be someone you're not prom oh
my gosh I went to like all my balls all
of my proms and every single one of them
was sucked like back then I was a little
bit more insecure than I am now hated
dancing in front of people my date which
was the ex-boyfriend I hope it doesn't
wash this but he just didn't want to
dance he wasn't any fun he wanted you to
sit there and eat food oh my gosh it was
just boring and I regret it so much if
you are going to prom and the ball and
all that kind of thing honestly who
cares what you know how things go and
dance your heart out have so much fun
and just go crazy because I regret it so
much Sodom vinegar Sodom vinegar is my
favorite flavor I lost on a mini the
chips thought I'm gonna get what are
those things um those like rice crackers
they're like chips I can't remember what
they called so I'm gonna go into they're
like signature range or something like
they're amazing I love some vinegar i
will like get fish and chips chips and
get like vinegar and salt and just like
make my own the only thing I don't
about salt vinegar is I've always give
those little cats on the side of my lips
and then it stings and it hurts and it
sucks and like my tongue gets on numb
and yeah but the sour like the more sour
and like sake they are the bitter I am
obsessed with salt and vinegar like if
it's not a Sodom vinegar chip don't even
offer it to me tornadoes someone said
I'm from Oklahoma well I am so glad that
you're okay I was doing today when I
heard about it you know like it's so sad
any kind of like disaster around the
world just like a so said I can't even
imagine what it would be like just have
that huge like gussa friggin donate a
window everything just sweep past like
no way like I know we get small not
small we have tornados and Oakland
occasionally I think they've killed a
couple of people they're just not on the
same scale as the ones that happen in
the US and I just cannot imagine the one
in Auckland seem bad enough and this
one's over in the united states are just
crazy and my heart goes out to anyone it
was like affected by these last
tornadoes recently like i hope you guys
all okay i hope your family and friends
are okay it's just horrible and I can't
like I'm not even going to say I know
how you feel I do not know how you feel
like that it's just I don't even know
like if you're watching this I'm just so
happy that you're still able to tune in
how to be confident when you're a bigger
girl confidence I don't care if this is
like a skinny skinny skinny skinny girl
or a medium sized girl or co vo or a
bigger girl or a hot chick ugly chick or
anything confidence is when you believe
in yourself and you just kind of have to
like graphs grasp that I can't even talk
it's so hard for someone to say like how
to be confident because it really is
when you find your inner self that you
can be confident um like for me I was
always kind of confident I'm a very shy
person that I am confident as well like
I would always wear what I wanted to
wear I would always you know I don't
even know how to describe this but
certain things can make you feel better
for yourself about yourself like for
example i got my titties done and like I
was just like over the moon like whoa
like so much confident like oozing out
of me confidence not confident
um but starting point you know you've
just got to love yourself everyone is
beautiful every single person on this
planet has something beautiful about
them um whether it's a like a beautiful
personality although I'm sure you have
more than just a beautiful personality
like there's such a blast thing to say
everyone like you've got a beautiful
smile beautiful eyes beautiful skin
beautiful here yet beautiful toned arms
beautiful toned legs beautiful curves
nice huge gigantic tits which I wish i
had not naturally you know like you need
to love yourself and then it'll come to
you I think it's also a huge thing to be
a positive person and believe in
yourself and I think it's a huge thing
to kind of just do your own thing and
ignore other people say to an extinct
ignore hurtful things and believe in
yourself and tell yourself that you are
beautiful and that you are confident
when you tell yourself these things you
start to believe it and you know find
friends that are uplifting and they will
help you become confident and just
things like that you know surround
yourself by positive people and you will
be positive and you will be confident
and you'll be happy and all of that kind
of stuff my camera is blinking red so if
i randomly into this video abruptly you
know what happened traveling me and how
much really want to go to London et al
flatmates moving out to go to London
halfway through this year so next year
with in here and this time next year we
really really want to save up and go to
London and travel around like France
Italy just a few of those places it's
like our goal at the moment we really
want to go to Japan I have done so much
traveling if you watch my videos you
know where I've been but I've done so
much everything I just want to keep
traveling because traveling is one of my
like my loves and life it's one of the
reasons I love my life it's one of the
reasons I save my money it's one of my
motivations I just love traveling to new
cultures new places experiencing new
things like there's one of the reasons i
really love traveling to asian countries
I don't meant to be racist in any way
but I just love the different culture
help going to shrines that I love trying
the different foods and just all that
kind of thing it's just so different and
it's just so much fun and really makes
you appreciate life I just love
traveling and
I really want to go travelling with hema
she hasn't done much traveling and I
just really want to be one of the ones
that gets to experience his kind of side
of it you know what I mean like
happiness through him my lighting is
going wonky so yeah I reckon that'll be
a really amazing thing for us to
experience together so hopefully you
know any years time and with both saved
up enough money we can go on a bit of a
trip for a couple of weeks and you know
do they then just like every year or
whatever just carry on visiting new
places and try new things out bucket
list I don't even know what's on my
bucket list I really don't all I know is
it kind of lectures off the travel
aspect i want to go to i really want to
go to LA I'm it's one day I really want
to do stuff like that I really want to
meet other youtubers like is that really
sad like my bucket list includes meeting
other youtubers like I was thinking
today how much I would absolutely love
to meet Tanya burr that's what you want
to do videos today one of her tutorials
also imagine doing like a lake video
with her like right next to me and I was
just like oh my god I need to like stalk
her and go to London meter but I don't
know if they don't ever happen but
that's gonna let in my bucket list I
suppose I'll just have to work on things
like that but just I feel like my bucket
list is almost a kind of extension of
YouTube just doing things with my
youtube channel and just stuff like that
before I'm going one day like just
traveling the world vlogging meeting
other people and just stuff like that I
don't have the typical bucket looks like
go skydiving and stuff like that because
I don't really know if I want to do that
but on my bucket list is definitely to
travel to new places so many people
think slots I think that as though it
looks like a slot sometimes like his
hair is so long now it kind of like
squashes over and really Rick tank not
rectangular this totally the wrong shape
like oblong um if they can make this
shape face shape look like an oblong and
it looks like a little sloth he's just
like that's my slop fest it's hilarious
I love sloths they're adorable and have
you guys youtube youtube it it's slots
and pajamas so cute so sad but so cute
well Smith the will smith is my favorite
actor um definitely my favorite I really
want to see that new movie he's bringing
out real soon with him and his son in it
I just think he's an amazing actor will
smith was my first ever crash as a kid I
thought he was just so sexy and the
fresh prince of bel-air it was such a
tongue twister just in um but I just
think he's an amazing person he really
stands for those things I believe in
with like positivity and good living and
all that kind of thing like if you like
read a magazine you know there's hardly
anything if a bed about Will Smith
unlike other celebrities you know he
never puts himself in any situations
that could look bad like he's very
positive he looks after his family he's
an amazing actor his movies are amazing
and inspirational I just love him I love
him so much dream car definitely a white
audi I don't know what model but a white
audi Kelly Kelly is my best friend she
has a channel I'll link it down below
even though most of you probably know
her channel she does cooking videos like
a Mosin cooking videos I went out the
other day because it's her 21st in a few
months but I don't get to see often cuz
she loved six hours away so I bought her
some stuff for a 21st like three months
in advance so they were going to be on
her Channel I bought his stuff for like
her cooking videos because it was just
so adorable anyway that's off topic I
love her dearly she's my best friend she
is one person who never I don't know if
this sounds bad but she never makes me
feel bad for being Who I am like a lot
of friends I've had in the past made me
feel bad for being Who I am they made me
feel bad for being successful on YouTube
you know like my eggs all wasted like
you know although he was a bit jealous
and just she's the kind of person who
doesn't get jealous of me she's the kind
of person that is just kind and amazing
and she's just like the bestest friend
ever she never makes me feel bad for
anything and we just have like this very
unique relationship where we just like
even if we don't talk for a couple of
days you know we'd like talk once and
we're fine so we usually just catch up
on like facebook Messenger and stuff
like that I'm actually seeing her this
weekend I'm so excited I'm probably
gonna cry when I see her like I'm so
excited but yeah I just think she is the
best person ever and I couldn't be
luckier to have someone like her in my
life really sucks that we live so far
away from each other but we will always
just be amazing friends like regardless
of any kind of distance between us
because that's how special we are look
at this lighting how bad is this it's
like my phone I'm gonna go now I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and I hope
you guys have an awesome day and I have
another vlog puse una few more
days I'm sorry that I haven't been
uploading every second day on my blog
channel but I've just been so busy
lately like you guys will find out about
it really really soon it's got to do
with my body not I'm not getting any
more plastic surgery if that's what
you're thinking that I'm working on
myself and I'm going to be doing videos
all about how I'm working on myself
really soon I'm in a really positive way
this is probably really vague and people
will be like oh my god and start making
out random rumors but it's alright have
a really good day bye
