hey everyone so today me and Hamish are
going to do a quick shout out this video
cuz the last one we did was pretty fun
so I'm gonna do one today and I asked on
Facebook for you guys to leave me
questions so we're just gonna go through
some of them and answer them and I'm
sorry I haven't uploaded on this channel
in a while it's just because I've been
real busy over the last week so
hopefully I'll have a bit more time this
week to film some more vlogs for you
guys so let me know down below what kind
of IDEO as you want to see hey guys if
you could only wear one color of
clothing for the rest of your life what
color would you choose I don't want to
sound real emo but I mean I like my just
plain color it's like black oh yeah say
what yeah like what well we can switch I
think I can have some black can you fit
somewhere no but that's not how it works
well do order when you go to Starbucks I
get a Starbucks yeah Kaymer she gets
nothing I get a caramel like
butterscotch Frappuccino with whipped
cream on top yeah I reckon Starbucks is
a complete waste of time
Eleni coffee I probably go to Starbucks
maybe once or twice a year like I'm not
a big star but Starbucks person like we
prefer going and getting like the shakes
and smoothies and hmm yeah yeah rather
than just going out and buying coffee
Starbucks is garbage and I saw all those
people that like that what is your
favorite breakfast food favorite beef
served Gianna go fist my favorite
breakfast vote as McDonald's what they
make what are they sausage McMuffin yeah
that's my favorite like I'm not even
gonna say like cornflakes or anything
McDonald's is my favorite yeah I think
my favorite breakfast food effort was
like cereal would be crunchy nut
cornflakes but if it was something real
bad I think I'd have to go with what do
I like oh I like eggs benedict as well
guess one minute why trips yeah yeah
he's Benedict oh boy - Brant like a big
breakfast with hashbrowns sauces just
real crazy phone what's your favorite
online Oh David do you work at all it's
so weird
no well yeah I work on YouTube and I'll
release mine or later day yeah people
think that you should like can't be a
job honestly
it's a great job and honestly it takes
out probably how much for my time 80% of
attack
yeah like even when I'm not doing
YouTube I'm still on social media like
answering Bible bet you're on trial yeah
I'm not saying I don't I'm just saying I
love it and yeah but that's what I do
like all day long like YouTube this cold
was getting to me hey I'm dying
if you could be a famous person for a
day who would you be Oh host my Jude Law
cuz he's scat love that guy Jude
Law no drinking is Bo I don't know who
that is
I don't you know what about the guy from
Ironman he's quite cool yeah the guy
from Wyatt what's his name someone
someone Robert Downey jr. in the Robert
Downey jr. or Jude Law Firm a and what
about fear Keira Knightley I would be
what's name Candice swung hall or
something I don't know how to say a last
name
Alton FL I don't even know who that is
she's a Victoria's Secret model oh
I was kind of thinking helps do it cuz
he's just badass skydiving or bungee
jumping neither I hate Heights
I'd rather go skydiving cuz can you push
down the plane that's but I suppose you
pushed on bungee jumping yeah but bungee
jumping just scares me more I don't know
why yeah I'll probably skydive yeah cuz
at least if you're gonna do something
scary you do that line yeah you just go
whole like full baths just get over and
done with kind of thing but wouldn't be
one of those people that pay for it like
oh you're gonna spend $400 and go skinny
 over myself I want to do that I'll
go spend $15 of smokers or whatever it
is would you rather eat poo that tastes
like chocolate or chocolate that tastes
like poop who'd it taste like chocolate
clearly yeah yeah yeah sorry
 this nasty who's Christian was it
Tanya and Zoey thanks guys
Thanks oh yeah the one that should I
think even if it isn't but if you know
if it is Pavel it's all things I thought
okay not really but I'd rather have
something that tastes like chocolate
didn't something that tastes like poo
yeah okay hey you're gonna know what Poe
tastes like anyway what are your tips
for being successful in life and
successful in school and school it's up
to you in school you pretty much just
have to work hard and not look at things
like drinking and like dating get in the
way to an extent
by work pad you mean just do the work
yeah do go like all well you hope
you want but just do it endure miss
around and don't be although this
doesn't matter yeah but the thing is
after school as well you need to be
smart and also have social skills so
like social skills and any business are
important even if you like the smartest
person ever yeah like they don't want
someone that can't interact with others
that you've been team player I know it
sucks but it's the harsh reality this
one wife make sure you do something you
love
because huh yeah like try like don't
rush into anything I would say but
there's no point rushing into things
like just live life and like try to be
as happy as possible and try to find
something that you love doing and it
doesn't matter if it takes you until
you're 35 years old to find a job that
you love just that will be I think
that's more of a successful thing than
just sticking to a job that you
absolutely hate and I depressed without
you know that makes any sense at all
yeah you're pretty much working you're
at work more than you're at home boys
yeah like it seems like at least because
they caught me pretty much come on and
sleep yeah exactly what you cut my
behalf to work through the groceries
then go to sleep so you might not like
your job if you can do something you
like then be a good idea do you want
kids we've got those and he shed some
fezzes everywhere what's your weirdest
food combination that you enjoy
for example cheese on toast on toast ice
cream and french fries etc I love butter
chicken and tzatziki sauce so that's
like cucumber and yogurt on top of
butter chicken I said that to my friend
and she thought that was really weird
but it's so good
what something I don't even know if I
anything weird do i how long did it take
you to reach 100 subscribe
is for hamish it took not long cuz
everyone saw my video and yeah that's
not really counted for me I think it
took me a couple of months or more to
reach 100 subscribers it took me a
really long time it took me like a year
to get a thousand or something like that
um yeah like heaps of people email me
and they're like how you get successful
you know they just started Channel and
they want to get lots of viewers
honestly I can't help you because it
took me years to get to where I am today
like it took a lot of hard work but it's
nothing that I could be like just do
this and you know overnight you'll just
be famous and have lots of money and
subscribers and yeah you know it took a
lot of dedication and hard work my
sister he's paying it all down now yeah
I reckon for YouTube that's probably you
need to get noticed and in its
consistency consistently upload videos
and people will subscribe to you I think
the best way to actually get noticed in
the first place is literally just to be
entered like interact with other
youtubers like not going on people's
videos and writing oh my god guys check
out my channel cuz a lot of the time
that doesn't work the best way is to
respond to other people's videos you
know do tags and be like I still have
some blah blah blah channel and then
maybe email them and say you know I did
a video response to your video can you
check it out and you know that just that
kind of thing like interact don't just
write comments like you actually have to
like put an effort and interact with
other youtubers and you know make
friends can you make a living on solely
having YouTube as a job yes you can I do
but like you can't expect to upload a
video and be earning hundreds of dollars
like as I said before it took me like
five years and you know my first
paycheck or like one month when I first
are making YouTube it videos I probably
made about like ten dollars or something
like that
like how much makes some money off some
of his videos but he makes like you know
like you could never live off it
you couldn't even hit by like a box of
beer and be done with it you know so yes
you can live off YouTube but it takes a
lot of hard work and anyone could do it
it just takes like you've got to really
be passionate about it and you've got to
hit something to talk about that you're
passionate about
you can't just new ideas you can't just
be like oh I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna
get rich you know yeah oh if you think
about it you've always got to be hitting
making something new as well so like you
know this week you can be doing videos
on what is what do you do different each
week I just do I take requests and I do
different makeup looks and look like
favorite videos and like something
buying were you lucky with makeup you
can do a lot of different things but if
you're doing something like
entertainment like I'm doing you've
basically got to think something new up
every week and then try and pull that
off so it looks good then hit it there
and put it up and then next week think
of something else sites that's a lot of
work people yeah I think that you just
could upload question and answers all
the time and it's not like that people
would just be like oh yeah exactly if I
just vlogs all the time into question
and answers I'm pretty sure to get damn
boring yeah like my life is as normal as
anyone elses but yeah so is mine like
I'm just a really normal person if you
had to choose between eating a hair
sandwich or just sitting at a glass of
sweat what would you do my here's
sandwich Oh drink a glass is sweet I
think was sweet you can throw it
straight now like here's a shot oh yeah
I was gonna say a glass of sweetly she
could scull it and then go warm it but
with here like the texture Wally you
wouldn't be able to chew it or swallow
it like you just go through walling
that's right you would get sweat sweat
that reminds me of jackass you know
that's saying oh it's dry reaching yeah
that's disgusting what's a typical
weekend for you and Hamish nothing
really we're just normal give it we have
something kind of a little on a weekend
usually the first thing we do is we get
up and we'll go get packages and stuff
that we must do anyway because you have
to get them before like 12 o'clock and I
said they want me
and then more usually to sign something
to do for the day and we usually end up
going to like a mall or something like
that and running errands and getting
stuff and sometimes we'll film a video
and what else we do we go get groceries
and you know sometimes on a Saturday
night we'll go drinking with our friends
or just stay in watch movies like really
normal
stuff to be honest and make that behind
us do you see there yourself the new she
was thinner or me now Shannon then help
okay but that thing is a beast
you just see how begginers yeah but that
sound alike you know and we don't really
go to the job in the week in there so
need you in a week then was the air
moisture missed your views you can ask
the spokes why I love the Melissa
moisture miss was my second ever fact my
first name her nation was Revlon
Colorstay but I tried in western us
because my mom used to use it
I hated it crap makes my skin feel
really dry and yuck
they've been Lizzie she should I stop in
the story who told them if film Lizzie
watches this I'll be so pissed about I
was appalled oh my god veteran this was
terrible huh that's a truth if you don't
like it yes son sinless this is this had
been a few months ago I'd never see
anything because there's just no reason
to bring it up but let's just reminded
me um then looks like a rung me up like
they got my phone number through YouTube
and that were like why is the Sharon
Harris I was like no it's Shannon and
all thought up and like they sounded
really uncomfortable I was like who is
this you know because I don't just give
anyone my number and he's like this is
blah blah from Thin Lizzy and I'm the
what is it called it's like casting
director or something you know the
person that goes out and gets people for
the advertisements and but pays people
to say oh my god I love the Mersey on
the TV TV ads and like the commercials
I don't like okay I just wouldn't know
you had any acting experience I'm like
no and he sucks ask me all these
questions like I don't know and he's
like oh we just we just made a chick
that you're gonna be suitable for at and
I'm like why suddenly it you're willing
to pay me like that all is all of a
sudden and like Martin yeah they didn't
ask you then they got nothing about like
you
yeah it's huge though it's just good
luck oh my god yeah thank you fell
asleep I'm sorry I'm not interested in
like I got well I was like wow like so I
professional and he didn't even know my
name I was just like you kidding me so
yeah I don't have a very good fist
appreciative then look like I've tried
the bones of bacon a high-schooler I
just think it's a terrible product
anyway because it's not it's not a
terrible product it's a bronzing product
and they try to market it
it's like a seven and one or whatever it
is so it goes like pecking it all over
their face and their face goes orange
and it's just bad marketing in my
opinion so and then you end up on an
embarrassing nightclub photos yeah but
I've heard that they conceal is really
really good but I haven't tried it
before but yeah I'm not too keen to try
it because I don't like it when
companies just assume they can buy me
out
oh how many boyfriends have I give a
head I've had a few boyfriends that I've
only Saito is everything serious like
over a couple months kind of thing yeah
so what about you how many girlfriends
don't near twenty fingers I've had three
serious ones I guess are they including
you're not yeah
pocket all right um say the alphabet
backwards no this is the W no seed y xw
to eat I don't know maybe I don't know
it's this impossible Jersey Shore
Geordie Shore Geordie Shore it's funnier
yeah ah jolly was funny cuz you know way
more like sexual and Hillier is okay
Jersey Shore for me just because I
haven't say much story short but I
prefer been made in Chelsea's name's Ben
Jesse isn't a different league but we
have weird bit of a fan with a little
fan club enough and I'll hold flash I'm
like the flash show yeah just watch
really enjoy main Chelsea do you have a
birthmark I have one on my belly button
do you fight yeah I've got one on my leg
and say the my is it's right that's on
one of my legs I can't remember but it's
small well it's like that big would you
rather be home on a grand Joe Sabrina
the Teenage Witch Hermione Granger
Sabrina the Teenage Witch what does the
game I'm just thinking quality of life
because Himani is just always like on
the verge of getting killed this train
isn't you know it's just Brenda's a
witch and she's even watch bedrooms I
can't remember I just remember the cat
boy guys chick actually just probably
talking about witches check out that
movie
though witches by a was it Rhonda it's
the base of the book I wrote down ah
kids nightmare we're gonna watch her
some stage because I remember watching
it when I was like 10 oh absolutely
sorry where that where they transform
into mice I'm sure some of you would
have seen it and like all delicious yeah
all the witches are in a conference room
oh thanks for that you eat subway for
lunch have you even had any other job
other than YouTube I'm sure all of these
are about jobs and YouTube and how much
do you think you put a cure up your nose
there's no business one my first ever
job was working in an office situation
and my second job was working in a dully
at a supermarket and the second job I
ever had was actually amazing like the
actual job wasn't amazing but the people
I worked with were amazing and like
really helped to kind of shape me the
way I am today and yeah look their last
yeah no because I was still working as
well as doing YouTube for a long time I
was still working and doing YouTube
until I moved to Auckland and then once
once I got here I pretty much didn't
have enough time to do oh that had to be
one of the other and YouTube there's a
lot more fun than working in a normal
job for me I've had heaps of jobs I have
someone said I work to a v8 I work at
ATMs I have worked there
I've worked to eb games i worked as a
gardener when i was younger like a
groundskeeper at a kindergarten it's
sort it's so wierd a kid used to come up
to me and talk to me I'm like I'm not
talking I've been a waiter I've worked
on bars and yeah NIT NIT yeah yep it's
funny this is a controversial question
what are your thoughts on abortions my
thoughts on abortions are I think they
should be really available for anyone
that wants to have one yep and I think
it should be the woman's right 10 of 100
I have one so if you don't want an
abortion you don't believe in abortions
you just don't have them yeah I think
someone said I picked that anyone that
wants to have one you know if it was you
know if the woman they got pregnant if
it was through a bad experience or if it
was that were too young or if the
husband was an asshole something or the
boyfriend guy that knocked her up
whatever young no money and she felt
like it would be a bad decision to grow
up like have a child and bring it up in
this situation yeah they should have the
right to do what they want so what
shannon saying is in a situation
dependent yeah like and the person it's
not up to your house it's up to the
person that has a baby in their belly
yeah exactly
it just depends on the person really
like if I got pregnant well I always
thought when I was younger if I ever got
pregnant for you know in a bed I don't
know bad circumstances I probably
wouldn't keep it but like any time in
the future if I got knocked up like I'm
very capable not to but if I did you
know I'd probably end up keeping it
because I feel like I'm now at the age
where I could look after a child and
bring it up in a good environment
basically so yeah it depends on the
person like I don't think that anyone
else should be able to tell a girl what
to do with your body and what do I do if
you're against them don't have them and
bring out the baby and love it and if
you you know yeah I don't know why this
person asked this cuz they're gonna be
disappointed either way I feel like
you're just getting but yeah that's
that's our views on earth when you go
out what do you drink
Oh Jager bombs bombs it seems to be like
the stock standard like yeah when you
drank it as like a wall just because you
can't think of anything else to say yeah
what's it that everyone makes you I
don't know big one
I don't even wanna yeah Bombonera I want
Jager and a glass not here's a boy yeah
and I asked me yeah yeah you know and
Tommy they're not classy enough you say
jägerbomb they just give you yeah
getting reborn mix it together and all
couldn't actually give you a jagerbomb
like a separate little it up okay yeah
real strong pass of it what will you do
if their world runs out of chocolate
oh no neither we ate chocolate probably
like once every three months
chocolate is but I don't hate it
but I just find no reason to eat it
because I don't love chocolate I don't
really even like chocolate the only
chocolate
is like white chocolate which isn't even
chocolate
and even when I have it it's like really
I barely ever have chocolate chocolates
not that nice and neither is baking okay
so if all of that ended I'd be pretty
happy cuz you know I would stop getting
 from you front so we just don't
like baking you don't like chocolate
well I don't so now what we wouldn't
really care we'll wait what if the world
ran out of alcohol how do you afford to
live in Auckland is that from all the
money you get on YouTube yes I'm pay for
Hamish as well just kidding no that's
expensive it's so expensive to live in
Auckland but we actually have it real
check where we live in particular we got
a really cheap place and it's actually
quite nice but and then we have four
flatmap or two other flatmates we've got
four of us in the house so you know it's
the rent divided by four and then me and
Hamish share food so you know that's
cheaper food because we can make meals
and it's just cheaper and there's really
expensive stuff but it's not really
really expensive like especially
insurance and all that but I mean you
you've got to do what you're going to do
really yeah and I don't if you want a
job up here which Hamish has to work up
here you've got a live up here
yeah there's no way around it exactly
and we love it in Auckland most of the
time like there are some dumb things we
love Oakland as well so you just deal
with it I don't know I I kind of wonder
how much more expensive it of Bay is it
a lot or is it just 70 90 dollars more
expensive I'm weak I don't know I've
really figured it out but I mean the
thing is like this is the first time
William it's the first time I've busted
him properly looked out of home yeah for
that proper amount of time so like this
is all we know so we've just kind of
adjusted our budgets to suit Auckland
and like that's the thing like when you
it's all you know and your money goes on
it's not like we're used to having their
extra money to spend so you can pay for
food rent we go to the German pay for
that we go to the movies each choose
that yeah and we've with a minister it's
just it's not even about it costs more
it's more about just budgeting for it
and making sure that you evenly
distribute your money and make sure
you're on top of it and then you're fine
but that just means you've got like you
know it means you got like a hundred
bucks less a month to spend on
yeah is it like so you just get over it
really and to be honest that's packing
probably is the biggest thing and I
don't work so I don't really have to
worry about it what Vance Ben I hate
dollars a day on packing so it's yeah
it's a big cost packing wise what else
much pizza rent packing photos you can
pay for water up here but it's not that
much like it's not like 15 bucks a month
or something
it's what they did so many people like
when do you think you and Hamish will
break out okay
thanks you say that okay last one have
you considered finding Zeus a girlfriend
oh we're getting kind of snip so don't
tell them but we're getting obsessed
like like we don't want another puppy
and we don't want puppies to worry about
so we're happy with that one baby so
we're getting them fixed because we
don't want any accidents and we don't
want him peeing everywhere all the time
like you're ready
he's very territorial so we're hoping
once we get him fixed don't help it that
little bit even if it's a little bit
it'll be a lot because he's terrible
okay that's all I'm gonna say cuz this
videos long enough already
I'm sorry you guys enjoyed it and I'll
put a muscies channel link down below if
you want to go check out his videos um I
think this will be out for for most of
his videos but we did a lot of filming
for this channel today so keep an eye
out over the next month could be lots of
stuff coming up yep cool alright guys
