clip them this is cool to click on my
hyper pink
so like hyperlink so I think it's like
he's when they hate like the can I have
it
10 I don't know my balloon balloon
what is this voluminous another Minister
millions dying in T in fresh kind of
like the mixed bag like smells free
minty and fresh haha Hessian by out oh
okay and then oh this is let me get slip
new that nigga select lip color and it's
a retract to compare to Denton dip I
also got this wet and wild when we get
slick Clarins with Crohn's and said like
brush on Victor
but and we hope you in today anyway with
DTM AE and alpha like lip-lip weak acid
lipoic acid I don't know I just kind of
make them for the fun of it and then I
never really true know like by the time
I've finished recording my so that by
the time and put and put a number of
nation brush and the reason I like to
use a blush and the reason I like to use
a brush to apply it I apologize for the
lining the clouds are going in and out
of the sky what look at there oh my god
and you can use use it for like mmm so
most of the stuff I bought was look
products and now I'm flipping to this
bronzer here which is a little more I'm
doing a random topic vlog if you're
wondering what that stands up hey
everyone so today I
I was I got this win while when we get
slick look color retracted
