hey everyone so today we're doing a bit
of an follow me because I don't know
where to start some random stuff we go
into a market right now and hopefully
it's open I just go back because I want
to go get some fruit in me I want to go
get some frozen fruit and vegetables and
stuff like that so hopefully they had
some good stuff and then I want to go
get a juice ax and maybe will tell you
those four will light up so it's the
dough fully make seven done in a little
while on my channel I just felt a nice
eating mush all the way to Peter's
instead of mine out was it it
yeah so which light really good not real
far away from each other bit and they
complete what those iterations of way we
live
oh yeah I know what that is but I need
the GPS and my GPS is just like tripping
out like where you going well like my
drink
we're just arriving where you like got
here before and then realize we don't
have any cash so we just went in got
some cash ah it's the picture station
which is really cool that in America yes
station yeah now we're gonna go buy some
stuff looks real exciting and fancy
it's the what's this one called you say
this it's like the French market or
something and where are we pan out go up
there Philip I know yeah yeah so it's
like the French market some partner or
something like this yeah looks pretty
cool
you
so we just finished at the market and we
got heaps of stuff we got a huge ray a
huge array huge tray of free-range eggs
there was $15 and then I think this
means about $34 or something like that
on fruit and vegetables and we've got a
lot of stuff so pretty stoked about that
and a lot of its organic in real nice
looking so hopefully it tastes really
good because we usually just buy our
peaches from like the Asian grocer so
hopefully it's real good and we got some
passion fruit and when I stir we get
that was different I got some kale that
was really a passion fruit in the golden
cameras yeah got some different comers
we got some carrots and I hate carrot
but I'm gonna try juicing them to see if
I can let you hide the taste any tiny
carrot you like cause we had a bunch of
carrots you know if the green hats on
them and there's a tiny little care like
that long now we're gonna go home and
unpack RBG's and then we're gonna go out
in front of juicer and do the rest of
our groceries
groceries the country groceries and
we're gonna get a juicer I already said
that what else we doing today might take
where they said we're gonna take those
probably hot or not
we're trying to decide what we want to
do next year because we're thinking that
we might go to Australia
yeah we're trying to decide on a holiday
we can start aiming to save for well
that was another thing but I really want
to think I want to move to Australia do
you do you we can talk about it
oh my god
that's the thing when you're young you
can move anywhere you want for your kids
before you ever ask so it's like you
might as well they might as well see
what it's like I thought she was been
the real life making water but there's
my memory says she was always like oh I
always thought about taking you to
Australia she never did nauseous - I
kind of tuned out differently yeah I
reckon
to Japan as well as on the books do you
really
I'd be slow okay
amazing
yeah yeah we need to start saving our
pity we can do some little stuff I
forgot to take you in but we got this
juicer here it was on special so it was
only like hundred thirty or something
like that so it's the breville juice
fountain compact it was just a little
bit smaller in lease granted than the
other one that was like two hundred
dollars but considering I'm only just
starting out I thought it would be good
enough and it seems real easy to clean
which is what I care about some lazy my
Beach it's gonna be a bitch to find
stuff you can direct me I'll never be
using it and then we also got a cute
little fruit bowl because we don't have
a nice fruit bowl so that was the extent
off as well was only like 20 something
else to do something but pretty cool
we're gonna go into anime and get some
dog treats for a puppy who's been so
spoiled
it was going to spotlight I need to get
some red pepper so I'm doing a swap with
Miss Jean fabulous so I want to make it
look pretty and I've been trying to find
some good wrapping paper
they are what yeah
you know it will be pretty man so where
we going to next so got this pretty what
does that call game ripping paper
freaking love it so nice and then we got
through some treat treats we got um yeah
just like $30 but we get big bag so they
last time a couple months instead of
like a few days so we got some duck
deluxe we really like these natural
healthy and delicious I don't think he
cares about any of that but anyway and
then we got a most favorite he is
totally delicious they look great
advertising but yeah he loves them he
sits there all day and just chews on it
it's like an easy way to keep him
entertained for the entire action what
he actually doesn't know
oh yeah well he half exert and then he
gets into my pot plant like I have lemon
trees are in a pot and he digs into the
lemon tree pot and buries it and then
brings it back home with ya and they
bring it back in disgusting
he's a covered in it his little beard
he's like soil all in it and then he'll
like eat the soil he's really know a
very clever puppy
we're at countdown you excited to go
grocery shopping and spend all your
money on crap a favorite by the way
we just got home Zeus is gonna get one
of his duck deluxe treats Zeus socks on
it yep
slightly I'm a serious one
nah know what we let him treat you gonna
are you gonna choose it Zeus oh yeah
what's that what's that yeah look I hope
he is as little tight what's going is
that if I could steal that bag I won
yeah he would he'd sit there on his
couch and just eat them all Hey look
look what I found the little baby carrot
it's so cute
got our little fruit chair going on but
it doesn't fit much that it was a foe
we're on our way to we stall clean
because we're gonna take the search for
walk around there near the beach there's
apparently a park do we tip top so we're
gonna check it out and see if it's been
good so it's 20 minutes away and we've
got zoo sometimes a little seat belt
just back there if you can see you only
seat back you know like it do you you
want to hop in the front don't you like
it
Lucy
we made it to the friggin beach took us
a while it's like a bush walk yeah this
is Stoke there's lots of other dogs here
some rock wheels just came running up to
him yeah
I found a crib see if I can show you
Daria's you're in the right
there there's a crab
oh man
so I'm fat I need to get back on that
what do you call it cross trainer need a
trend or like you know how long do you
do it for sure oh my gosh it's brighter
your face hey buddy
he's so little compared to her hey he's
nice color
yeah oh my god I'm gonna try make juice
I've no idea how much of each thing I
should be using so we've got spinach
here's carrot apple peach our kiwi fruit
and orange so this is going to be really
intense but we'll give it a go
we should have done our reaction it was
a juice how was it real good wait button
what was in it there's two carrots in
here and two big handfuls of spinach and
an orange yeah big job we didn't put the
Cooper in a feature and orange and apple
and buy a can of pears it's real good
juice mostly with like other fruit in it
mmm he run like the heli like that I
like that Shannon like that in essence
so that's like all the fiber and stuff
so that's the only bad thing about
juicing you don't get fiber but you get
all of the vitamins so it's still good
for you apparently this is AZ clean easy
clean my ass look at this look at it no
it's not happening
anyway you can see how it'd be good for
you the way yep
so what when did we get to tell them hmm
the booklets for the juice fountain
compact does it actual it's called yeah
compact one Breville compact it's the
cheapest one yeah but it does a job eh
yeah well it's not the cheapest cheapest
but it's the cheapest of the flashes
once yep I don't wanna get cheap and
nasty why cuz it probably wouldn't even
work his dinner homemade burgers just
chicken burgers and spinach and
pineapple and watching it nip/tuck
