everyone so everyone wanted to see us do
the tin can challenge so we think we're
doing it right I don't really know what
the exact rules of it we've got six cans
here and I took off the labels we kind
of got like three nice and three big
ones although I think we ended up with
more big ones than good ones in the end
in my opinion anyway when see yeah um so
yeah we've just got six different foods
here and we ripped off the labels and
put a number from one to six
underneath the can so basically we're
gonna pick a number out of this bottle
we've got one six in here and whoever
picks whatever number has to have a
spoonful of whatever candy cursed ones
with their number like I think there's
something mushrooms was this something I
don't know if we got the mushrooms
really got the sardines like off and all
of the weight hollows yeah oh no I hate
olives
anyway we're just gonna do it and
hopefully this entertains you for a few
minutes and if you want to see more
gross food kind of challenges we're
doing some over on his channel so go
subscribe and I'll be coming up soon use
that no hold it up hold it up sorry I
don't want to change we can't see what's
in them anyway so number three okay so
I'll find number three fear number one
number two number three number three
okay shake it what does it sound like it
sounds pretty solid do you know what it
is I don't know what it is oh you're the
super hot chili beans ha ha to be honest
I probably ran in them so they don't
smell good though I don't so I got hot
jelly beans I think they were what is
what they want it doesn't matter
whatever they were they were hot chili
means so let's give it a go I don't
reckon this is gonna be their bed they
just nasty cuz they call them super
spicy so hey my shapes our daughter
stones just as fun
I know so there's that seven
not nice
Oh YUM things did not know it but the
baby food stuff was worse than that so
right now I'm feeling pretty good
well they're not that hot for ha hmm
- weird it's normally like the mediums
hot for me they're a little bit hot okay
so number two I'm so scared that I'm
gonna get those friggin olive spicy yeah
a little bit spicy now oh it looks like
a not normal turn I know odds am it's
liquid it's careful what is it no oh no
chicken in corn so oh hey if you don't
know oh you're right nothing should be
right well sort of the baby food stuff
do you want it back would you I can't be
right
give me a lot okay show them okay it's
bullet checking on Coors it's normally
quite nice when it's hated she's
kidnapped basil but still worse
oh that's so rank though it's like
watery like yeah I hate chicken like and
stuff yeah I like chicken but I hate
that chicken pie I hate you so yeah it
looks rank do about this
oh so glad you don't look like that
thank you those alright to pick one
thank you here's a tricky number one go
we're really going in order get out no
it's olives isn't it
here we go now someone's barking to that
what is that I don't know Oh what is
that oh I think it's peers I'm so stoked
i just opened a went all the effort of
using a can opener and it Spears
Center like olives to begin with yeah is
it my one no it is it's got lipstick all
over lipstick no I can't really get this
all right well you always took deny
yourself so a thing of peers just have a
big one
yeah well damn it I wanted that one when
you have a stuff off it
oh yeah sure yeah it's a real nice it
was real hard
mmm I know I'm gonna get the stupid
olives five all right please no please
not I know I know it is so I know this
is the friggin I know that something
right after you anchovies although
stopped revenger
I hate anchovies is like yes they are
isn't it oh it's very smell it I just
ate one
yeah but get it out on the spot well
there show them okay it's gonna drop
what don't ripple on to this just water
you just said it was fish so it's fresh
water so I have to show it you have to
eat the whole thing yes okay okay I'm
following a hope no no you have to chew
it I did once I crude the baked beans no
joy not the baked beans of the thing
beans do you want to try one alright
out of it that's nasty uh-huh I can't
get it let's get go I can't get it down
my sure okay just swallows I thought I
tried to have my stuff my torch light
not you have to eat it sec I can please
don't throw out are you throwing up no
really it's nasty
all of them I know there's something bad
I know some people like all those but
yeah that's I hate olives
so four can you get me four please oh
the other can opener one okay do you
know what what I don't even know you
have no idea how all right that was
tomato soup isn't that I don't know I'm
pretty sure it is can't smother with all
this canned tomatoes all right so just
open number four and it's tomatoes like
rash tomatoes and in water it takes a
good when you cook it but I don't know
how good it's gonna taste like that so
that's a crash tomatoey stuff
I don't know rank hairs let's give it a
go though it smells really really good
like I use this in lasagna and stuff but
it doesn't smell good without being
hated good it's not gonna be as bad as
they freaking all I'm I just hit to eat
ah yeah so what I'm kind of curious can
I just try ask you again ah so watered
cuz I love these when they hate like the
can I have it in I love these I don't
like it it's ring you like this
this is what you put in like Toyota why
don't we--let's yeah did you 800 okay I
thought it was gonna be kind of good
that's real squishy or
so the last it's may I unless number 6
is laughs okay I hope this is good it
sounds quite solid mac and cheese
all this toes I wonder where she oh no
it doesn't smell good I think it's the
kind of thing you've got a tape but
smells real flower
this isn't hey turn it yet it smells
really like doughy this one's not too
bad though shouldn't be like bad
I don't think well I picked this one
thinking to be a yummy one yeah we
should put this in a container so we can
actually heat up an even our so that's
like a strong house that have a guy I
really want a sec it's not oh no is it
good or is it it Snickers I can't say
it's terrible but it's definitely not
YUM maybe we should this hated yeah it
could be all right mac and cheese it
looks like that was one of the coop
shion's by the way so overall we didn't
do too badly it was let me like one
young thing in there in the end the pit
90s was young yeah that's my main those
were like we like real good things that
we're like young thanks for watching if
you haven't done this tag leave it as a
video response down below so we can
watch it and if you haven't done it
before get your friends together and do
it because it's so much fun so much fun
I hope you guys have a really good day
make sure to check out our food
challenges on Hamish his channel as well
and if you've got any food challenges
you don't think we would have heard of
you write them down in the comments down
below and we'll probably do it
eventually sometime have a really good
day and we'll talk to you saying so yeah
