hey everyone today I am doing a random
topic vlog so if you were wondering what
that stands for up in the title way I
think the time is below me now hmm yeah
I shortened it because now I can fit
more words in my title bar anyway I
asked on Facebook for you guys to give
me random words that I could talk about
so I'm just going to jump straight into
it
cats okay cats I love cats I actually
have a crazy cat lady like to Swit up
with like cat eyes and like big hip
mouth and then I slow Carissa had a new
phone case and I think she got it from
typo cuz I saw the same one it's like
the exact same pattern as my top like
makes you mad I wear my crazy cat
lady top like every single day while I
eat it because my room is really really
cold and Zeus hates it like he actually
hates it it's so weird it's like he
knows there's a cat wanted or something
I've had so many cats in my lifetime and
the one time I don't own a cat the
next-door neighbors cats pretty much
adopted me as his other mum kind of he's
kind of more adopted our house to say
the least
like Shane gets out of the shower and
goes into his room and there is this
giant like Persian cat sitting on his
bed and he just thinks he owns the place
like he rocks in our house and just like
he's just like yeah I don't care it's so
funny and so she just wants to play with
him and he'll just get made at zosyn
Hassidim and so she doesn't know what's
happening
someone said moving and with the
boyfriend and living together I remember
like when I said I was moving uphill
with Hamish everyone was like oh my god
do I move in with your boyfriend and I'm
really confused like I don't know but
we've had no problems like like we have
arguments all the time because we're
like a couple and that's what couples
seem to do really well but we're not
working badly together like we don't
seem to be in each other's faces all the
time and we get along so well and do so
many fun things together that we're
never bored and angry and like we just
seems you really get along really well
with the sun's coming out I don't know I
suppose like yeah if you're like super
young and don't really know what you
want in life and you just have a random
boyfriend don't move in with them like
make sure it's like legit like I think
about the moving on with my ex-boyfriend
like and that wouldn't have worked out
well at all and I couldn't even imagine
living with him lay even when I was with
him outside I really was
with you yeah it was man Hamish it just
seemed like the right thing to do I
can't even explain it like I can't
explain why it just seemed like the
right thing to do and everything's
working out good so I'm really kept me
about this gay marriage law in New
Zealand New Zealand and we wanted the
first country so it's done it I have no
idea because I don't follow it that
closely but yeah we've just passed gay
marriage in New Zealand so gays are
allowed to come here and get married
will gays and New Zealand are allowed to
get married to each other and I just
think that's awesome and so many people
like even on my Facebook page I'm just
like disgusted they're like oh my god I
can't believe New Zealand's done this
like a minute like all angry about it
and I'm like really like if you don't
want them to get married like don't even
like acknowledge that they're doing it
like just ignore it because at the end
of the day what does it got to do with
you they're getting married it's their
life they're happy but how is it
affecting you you know what I mean
I don't understand people that hate that
kind of thing like even if I wasn't a
fan of gays like I still don't think I'd
be like no don't let them get married
it's like well why not but I mean yeah I
think it's fine whatever
maybe names I love the name L I love the
name L I think it's like I don't even
know I like I see it so many times on
movies I'm just obsessed with it and now
that I've said that I'd be all of you
are gonna steal it and call your kids L
I'm just kidding comment down below if
your kid's name is L Eric and there'll
be a few people it's such a good name I
just love that name I really don't know
what I would call boy though do you like
my phone case I'll put a link down below
to where it's from I got sent this and I
just think it's so cute oh it's got tape
stuck in it
yeah I don't know what I would call a
boy because I can't think of any good
boy names like I don't think they're a
good boy named Sochi oh my god I love so
she ate okay ever since man Hamish have
moved to Oakland we might obsessed with
st. keys Sochi cause it's like so cheap
and I love that tray you get like a five
dollar tray and it's like rice teriyaki
chicken and mayo it's like the best
thing on earth and I love the veggie
balls like the spinach bowls and
teriyaki balls and the crab Nuggets and
I love sushi
my favorite mainstream sushi flavor
would definitely be chicken and avocado
it's good boyfriend bad habit turn offs
this is going out to you Hamish Hamish
does these burps there so we
like they sounds so weird they sound
like a Tyrannosaurus race he's like I
don't even know how it comes out I'm
like what are you doing don't do that he
just does the weirdest burps like he
says things when he burps and he burps
weird that's probably his worst like
Heather or thing he does they're just
how I'm liking Auckland I am loving
Auckland I just recently got my car so I
just started driving and it's quite
scary
it's not scary scary though but just
like having traffic all around you like
all the time it's just kind of odd
because I come from
pommie where everything is like single
lengths by the way look at my top I love
what come though like I really do I
think it's so much more fun than parmi
like there are so much more things to go
see and do and I like going for walks
around here and yeah if you've got any
like nature walks and all clearing
around or clean like reserves cool fun
walks to do you should write them down
below for me to do because I just like
go for walks current obsession I know
what that is this hand cream by
L'Occitane or laksa 10 I forget I love
this I'm obsessed with it I applied like
twice a day sometimes more but I try to
stop myself because I know it's pricey
but I just love it like I've never been
a hand cream person but I got this and
I've just been using it all the time and
my hands are just like silky smooth and
it's just like so nice like I like sit
there and I like this I'm like oh it
feels good Beck Fitbit flip fit look
Bigfoot fit look bit flip flip flip no I
can't do it someone asked me if I could
say Bigfoot bit flip fit lip fast ten
times without mucking up no no way if
you can do it I want you to see me a
video response doing that because I
don't believe you Peter Carey who
inspires me I would say Chloe Morello
because she does so many different like
tutorials that are all just so glamorous
and wearable but they all look different
and I don't know how she does it like
everything is just so perfect like she
executes every single tutorial just
amazingly and she is like my current
like go crush obsession YouTube person
like I go back and watch the videos like
three times like I've already seen them
but I will go when I'm bored and just
watch them so I'll put a link down below
if you don't know who that is
you should know who that is because yeah
oh that brings me to another thing I'm
going to sit the I mix this year yeah
it's unlike September or something like
that everybody get tickets so hopefully
I'm going to imense but I've got my
flights booked so that far yeah so good
yeah I'm going and I think Lauren's
going and Chris is going and anywhere
we're gonna like hang out have a good
time if you could go back in time to an
era what time era would you go to I
would go back to like the terrible
tutors time where they all like hugging
each other and just poison each other
and killed each other when they didn't
like people anymore
like that guy that King that had like
heaps of wives and just killed them all
cuz he was sick of them
thank God you can't do that anymore yeah
good bit then just because I could be
really weird to see what everything's
like even like probably be living you
know how they lives like and like the
big buildings and it's like spill their
poo overboard and like pee out the
windows and like wash through themselves
in the streets and yeah I don't know why
I want to go then there's like when they
killed each other in the Coliseum and
stuff that's when I would because that
sounds like fun
not at all if you would like to
participate my next random topic vlog
make sure you like my Facebook page just
in case you're like online when I asked
and you can just flick a comment to me
and I might answer you thumbs up if you
enjoyed this video and check out my main
channel page if you want to see more of
these videos I've got a whole playlist
of random topic vlogs they're really
good day and I'll talk to you soon bye
