hi everyone so today I'm doing the 50
facts about me tag because you guys
really really wanted to see it I've had
so many people request me to do this so
basically it's just 50 random facts
about me if you couldn't figure that one
out I have a really really small family
and I am an only child my first ever
childhood crush was on Will Smith I used
to have Minnie Minnie Minnie pet mice
when I was growing up and a couple years
ago I even had three pet friends I've
only ever been to one concert in my
whole life and it was true bliss I have
never met any celebrities I have a big
red dot right here from where my mum pop
is it on my face I lose my phone and my
keys and my wallet on an everyday basis
even though I don't even really go
anywhere out of the house I always put
them in a really weird place and can
never find them
one time I even put my friend in the
freezer and couldn't find it for a
couple of days and by the time I found
it it was broken when I was a kid my pet
dog he buttered me in the nose I'm
pretty sure that's why it's really
really crooked I lived in Korea for a
year because my mum taught English there
when I was a little girl my mom would
never let me have really long hair so as
soon as she let me grow up my hair I
grew it down to like my butt and now I
hate having short hair I love to collect
perfumes but I only really we're like
one or two either the first time I
kissed a guy it was down the Hydra
slides at the Lido which is like a pool
it was a very bad bad experience I've
always wished that a head really intense
dimples I have like these half-assed
lines here in here but I just really
want intense dimples I was born with
really bright red hair and then it went
kind of urban so like really brown and
now it is a really dark dirty blond
color naturally I hate corn and I also
hate peanut butter peanut butter makes
me gag
just the smell of it makes me want to
vomit and I'm not allergic to nuts a lot
of my family calls me bun
I live in pajamas 99% of the time just
pajama pants or sometimes gym shorts and
that's just because I'm Way too lazy to
actually get dressed when all I'm doing
is sitting at home editing videos I hate
washing my hair with a passion I love
making to-do lists but I never look at
them when I need to figure out what I
need to do
I just kind of make them for the fun of
it and they never actually took them off
I get stressed out and really really
anxious really really easily I get angry
really really easily when I'm hungry and
when I'm tired I was obsessed with
getting really good grades at school
when I was a little kid when I stayed at
my Nana's house used to feed me on
custard because it was the only thing I
would eat I was really fussy I'm pretty
sure I find nearly every single animal
in the entire world cute I am just a
huge animal fan I am a really super open
person I will tell anyone anything about
myself I do not really keep much private
which is neither a good nor bad thing I
absolutely love to read I just don't
have much time to do it which kind of
upsets me I absolutely hate ginger beer
lemon lime and bitters and just anything
like that and soda water hate it I have
never smoked a cigarette but I did used
to go out with my friends and drink
alcohol sometimes without my parents
knowing
I am always really really busy I'm
always doing things I have sighs tip
infect when I was a little girl I begged
my mom to take me to gymnastics I really
wanted to do gymnastics and I cried and
made her take me home straight away
because I hated it I've always wanted
braces but my dentist straight-up said
you don't need them and I was really
really upset because everyone had braces
I am NOT a huge fan of chocolate I
prefer white chocolate which apparently
is an actually classified as chocolate
because it doesn't have enough cocoa in
it I am obsessed with Pharrell Williams
and Ludacris Instagram is my favorite
iPhone app when I was a teenager I was
convinced I was going to be a lesbian
because I thought my best friend was
really pretty I really loved to dance
but I'm not very good at it I love
children's movies like Disney movies and
Pixar movies and just any kind of like
animated film I used to be a hardcore
tomboy I never swore in front of my
parents till about last year I
absolutely love to cook I'm always
cooking dinner for Hamish and trying out
new things and yeah I just really enjoy
it I never order fries whenever I get
takeaways I always always always wish
that I will win lottery even though I
have never bought a lotto ticket in my
life when I was a little girl I used to
put myself to bed instead of waiting for
my parents to put me to bed because
I was always really tired and I just
love sleeping I used to have like 20
piercings at once and most of them you
couldn't even see because they were in
secret parts of my body I used to be
obsessed with death metal and like
Slipknot and Rammstein and heaps of
people like that I get really really bad
motion sickness one time I throw up on a
boat and it was not fun I hope you guys
learned something new today and I would
love for you to write one fact down
below about yourself so I can learn
something new about you have a really
good day and take me to do small teens
if you want because I like doing tags
and I keep there lots of fun maybe
really today and I'll talk to you soon
bye
