hey everyone hi everyone 3 1 so today I
thought I would do a spring inspired hi
everyone so - um skincare I think I'm
gonna do skincare now I'm gonna do skin
kit whoops oh but then as soon as it
comes to the hump as soon as it comes to
anything like lip products that be
nothing one of them my bourgeois one of
them my why is cell number 3 I am so so
terrible it staying up to date with my
brushes like washing my so then it stops
filling so those that mmm I'll show you
what here pretty I'll show you what here
the first thing I got was the berry I
mean the first thing I got was the bitty
luminite do you have any outlet do you
have any allergy cracks in your lips
aixi I tend to get local earth I feel
like anyone should be to go with the
Stila alumini and mmm she's my other
favorite is my clearance it clipped
instant brush light weight my click I
got cabana boy brush this this is Maggie
because I think there's a couple trips
in there that I want to clip want to
include then I want to include so and I
have my brow gel and I have my what's
this called three I'm terrible at
staying up to date like with bro number
three I am so terrible at bruh run three
and I hope you guys have a really really
good day and you will see me again and
two more day hey this is pretty much
like a month after I'm gonna have to
wave it out okay
this is the Australis flesh this is the
Australis fresh and flawless priest
powder number three number three I am
and then no double Sheena got to see it
I'm going to do my mech makeup
collection you can't buy a sensor you
can buy 90c bang what is it it's three
questions okay
