hey everyone so I thought it was about
time I do another update for my movies
okay so it's a month and a half
post-op pretty much so I am now allowed
to go back to the gym but I'm going to
confess something to you I actually
started going back last week um I've
been going all this week and I wait at
the end of last week as well but I only
did like walking so like on the cross
train I just held on to the stationary
thing so I wasn't moving my upper body
and I just did my lower legs and I
didn't put the resistance up too much so
I wasn't like pushing if you know me I
wasn't in my blood pressure too high it
was just moving because I really just
wanted to be back at the gym in the
environment and I felt 100% fine my
boobs have been feeling fine for like
the last two to three weeks like
completely fine not even saw when I
looked something a little bit heavier
anything so I'm really stoked about that
so yeah this week I started upping my
resistance a bit on the cross trainer
I'm not doing any arm exercises yet
because I'm a bit scared I might just
wait a couple more weeks and see how I
go with it but yeah doing the cross
training seems to be 100% fine I haven't
had any like discomfort lately nothing
at all I can sleep comfortably I can
sleep on my belly now I just have my try
Paulo so like the corner pillow thing
and I kind of like it
Binda over my shoulder so underneath me
I have like the bottom of it just under
my boobs and then I'll have it like come
up over to my arm so I can kind of hug
it while I'm on my belly and my boobs
are just like nice and cushioned in it
and I don't have any pain I can sleep on
both my sides although one of my sides
is more comfy than the other the other
one feels a bit like hard if I were on
it for too long I forgot to mention in
my last video on about the third week
post-op I had really sore nipples my
cousin said she looked it up online
apparently it's because all the nerves
are like rejoining and repairing
themselves and everything but yeah I
just forgot to mention that so I thought
I just mentioned that now but that went
away by week four so that by the time I
did my other video I've been getting a
lot of questions so I'm going to do a
question that's a probably next week I
just wanted to do this first and just
let you guys know that I am feeling like
100% now like completely 100% my boobs
are like real squishy
now kept up with the massaging
especially in the shower and that very
squishy you can squish them together and
move them around they feel really rather
natural if you ask me I went and tried
on a bra I'll show you it so I didn't
actually get size because it was a bit
embarrassed kind of because I've never
heard of brass sizing before and I
really I don't know I just find the
thought of it kind of scary so I just
guessed what size I was and it fit me
perfectly
although the brass sizing was obviously
different for some other brands because
I weigh too small
I'll just explain so it depend on are we
to have been Don outlet in Auckland and
I tried on this bright here and this is
in the brand pleasure state and this is
a size 10 d it blaze like that and it's
not pitted it's just got the like soft
molded cup so no padding whatsoever this
is a D cup and it fits me like perfectly
I could have probably gone up a size if
anything which it just blows my mind
because I feel is going to come out like
a C cup but they don't look that big on
me it's really odd but yeah this is a D
so that fit me there um I swear in some
brands I must be like a C cup I don't
know I'll have to wait and see until I
trance more but I did try on some Bend
on ones like the like basic bras I tried
on teen DS they won't hate it they would
just t-shirt for us like this and that
my boobs were not getting in there like
a fit mirror on the waist perfectly but
my boobs were just way too big like it
fit me like to cut sizes too small so
god knows what size I was going to be
net which kind of concerns me because I
don't want to have trouble trying to
find bras that fit me via this money
here fits me perfectly I think it's
absolutely stunning it was like 40% off
or something and it was originally like
no I think was 60% off and it was
originally $60 I could for real cheap
like considering so yeah I'm so start
and if you're not from New Zealand
I am a 32d if you're in the UK or us so
yeah I'm super stoked about that my
first bra but I'm still not wearing it
because well I can start wearing bras
like in a few days like underwire bras
and things but I just I'm too scared I'm
just going to
like another few weeks as well just to
be completely sure and I'm quite
enjoying just wear sports bras all the
time because they're real comfy and my
boobs are like perfectly I don't know
they sit perfectly I'm really stoked
then they haven't moved they have a gone
monkey one hasn't gone down more than
the other so there's still the exact
same size and everything
overall I'm 100% stoked and zero regrets
I would do it over again in a heartbeat
if I had a reason to which I don't I'm
really happy with the size oh I think it
fits me perfectly I'm really stoked and
heaps of your guys feedback has been
really good so thanks so much it makes
me feel like just even more relieved
like you know because obviously like I
think I'm doing the right thing like I
think I'm getting the right size and I
think it's in proportion but as soon as
everyone else starts saying yes they're
definitely perfect for you like it's
just really reassuring so thank you for
reassuring me because I was kind of like
other too big they should small like and
you know you just get in this big fuss I
don't know how to explain it but yet I'm
really happy and you guys have
definitely made that like feeling proper
I don't even know what I'm trying to say
where I know I'm just really happy but
I'm gonna come across one dress so far
that doesn't fit me the rest oh so I'm
really stoked that you fill out my
dresses now okay I don't really have
anything else to say so I'll just show
you what they look like now in the
bikini so you can compare okay so here's
what they look like I'll show this guys
closer up so I'm sitting down because
I'm wearing my editors gym shorts at the
moment yeah that's what they're looking
like so they have a much more natural
drop on camera I think I make the angle
you go you can see when I tilt back they
have come together a bit more so they're
not so far wide sit and they sit really
naturally sideboob ways um squishy I
really know what else to say you can
seek yourself you can compare it to the
rest of the photos and everything okay
so the for the scarring okay I would
need to be honest I cannot see the skies
like I really can't and I forget that
they're there so I don't even put
anything on them which isn't either a
good or bad thing like I should be
putting stuff on them but it's really
good that I don't even notice the scars
in the first place because it just means
that they're never gonna bother me okay
so I'll show you
there they are up there so late
literally when I just let my boobs like
kind of drop it's right on that line so
you came and see them but once I looked
at my boob you can see they're really
not they're bad considering I haven't
been putting anything on them they're
finding really really nicely and I
reckon by next summer they'll be like
completely fine
heaps if you guys have said that my
confidence is like seems to be a lot
higher now that I've got them and that
makes me really happy because I really
do feel complete now like I don't know
what it was but like before I got my
boobies done no matter how hard I worked
out no matter how much like how good I
ate and all that kind of thing I always
felt like something was missing and now
I finally just feel like my body is
awesome like I love my body and it's a
really good feeling to hear because you
know I've never really felt that way
about myself before I feel really
positive thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll probably only do a few
more updates on the boobies now like a
more long-term before and after so do
another one it like three months and
then another one at six months and then
one it like a year or something at least
anything goes wrong which I doubt it's
going to late not much it's going to
change now because they feel completely
perfect again so I guess we'll just roll
from here and see how it goes after the
Christian answers one obviously I hope
you guys enjoy all these videos thank
you so much for your support and I'll
talk to you real soon
I
