hey everyone they've run sorry sad again
hey it's alright okay do your thing say
your little line hey everyone so today
we're doing it to christian arts this
video we're doing one obviously you can
see it on this channel here and there's
also going to be one over on Hamish this
channel so yeah not many of you probably
know that it has a channel but I'll link
it down below and you can check it out
and subscribe if you like what you see
so I asked on Facebook for everyone to
ask questions and we have like a couple
hundred here so I'm just going to skip
through a few and decide which ones to
answer andrea asked Hamish when you and
scheana meet what was it like knowing
she did YouTube and what was it like
when you moved in together did you find
it a bit odd oh oh I gotta watch what I
say here mate I like now when I first
meet Shannon she you were they bug on
your sugar no no you were a little bit
but not like now no she wasn't they're
big we just used to I didn't really know
about it to be honest at first like I
knew she liked makeup and I knew she he
knew I did it it was just like okay it's
a bit weird
ya know I didn't think I was weird I
just thought it was cool for you if you
like doing it whatever just never seen
it before that's all but yeah it wasn't
that big and I don't think you're doing
it as much with you yeah it was like not
my full-time thing yeah it's just like a
like side will be so it was kind of just
like whatever and then obviously down
the line it got more and more popular
and then I saw how well she was doing
and that she liked doing it so I thought
I was really really good like it wasn't
hot at all yeah yeah I think it's a
weird that I just started talking myself
knows no not because I've tried to do it
as well like I've said in this room and
trying to record something and they're
very sad and I know how awkward it is
yeah it's like like it's really awkward
because she has something else did you
find it odd when we moved in together
not why would I find it odd um I like
with YouTube and stuff oh okay yeah
that's not on she just does it well I
make work whatever okay Hayley Winona
has some tips for high school and NCE
in CIA's a joke it's so easy like cyber
achieves so long like I was I was in the
no Chico I was a excellent girl I wasn't
a cheap guy but if you just want to pass
and you don't really care about getting
amazing grace like honestly
all you have to do is I literally do the
classwork like you you'll have enough
knowledge to be up to pass easily they
may that's what you have to do mo but
NCO doesn't like the excellences and
stuff like that I don't see how they
ever met it it doesn't really at least
you go for a job right after high school
yeah it doesn't matter in scholarships
yeah if you don't need scholarships but
I just there's like ten questions and
the test for NCA and I think I got three
achieves on one mirror because that's
what you needed to get I know it sounds
lazy but I passed and I went to
university and pass University so comes
down to her like uni so different to its
size it's nothing like that's all you
have to do the work so so long as you're
committed and you want to do the work
you'll be fine and if you really want to
be out to make sure that your paths take
subjects we were allowed to do open book
tests like I remember food nutrition I
took food nutrition you're allowing it
was actually hard like I dunno one of
them but you you were allowed to have
your books open and like you could just
copy all the answers straight over but
like really like how does anyone fail it
yeah I yeah I know no I didn't fail one
but I am I've done exams all the way
through my uni life and then in my last
year I had open book test and I didn't
know I was an open book until like the
more I took the bucket and I hadn't like
made notes of the important points so I
sit through the whole time like trying
to get everything a hundred percent
correct and like reading all the answers
out the book I'm putting them in so it
was it can be bad but chance obviously
used to it Hey hmm yeah venture uncle
SHM alkyl it was your man crush no no no
no no no we're not answering that would
you rather eat a peanut butter and
salami sandwich or a jam and gook and
sandwich jam and gouken for me cuz I
hate peanut butter
well again peanut butter and more peanut
butter and salami you know basically
right ahead yeah
oh and I'd home gym and gook and even
though that sounds foul
I like gherkins I like jam but together
that sounds a bit odd why would you have
sweet and like sour in it Oh sweetie a
delicious kind of combination everything
it's a would you I knew there Sophie
asked did you put in any sport as a
child what did you play soccer yeah
soccer
I didn't yeah do it for a couple years
and was alright but what do they mean by
sport because we used to do
cross-country and stuff like yeah this
does yeah yeah used to do cross country
running athletic running triathlons
biking heaps and I actually had really
good a try thornstowe happen - Oy
jealous up until I was how was I
maybe 17 16 and then I just saw no point
in and started going to the gym and
that's all I do now mmm-hmm hey I did
swimming when I was young and then I
quit after a while I think I got
terrified of the water for some reason
like I watched a scary movie and I just
refused to swim I couldn't even get real
even right huh yeah I was a real goods
for my you sub a like the class like
three is above my age oh really
yeah um and I didn√≠t ball for a couple
of years it was alright and then yeah um
did a bit of Coast country is quite good
at course country what like I don't know
was always good when I was a little K
cuz you know how like wing the five-year
olds do cross country but I just kinda
like really like doesn't even care baby
baby always come first
everyone says goes I'm sure they just
say everyone comes first yeah I don't
know cuz I'm like certificates from when
I was looking like first cross country
seeking cross country you know and I was
like five Oh what about shot put and
discus there's not a sport it's just
what you do once a year ago exactly
looks it's cool anyway that's room yes
Carol Brittany Blankenship asked what is
your favorite junk food yeah what's your
favorite Jam fission butter chicken I'm
yeah lightly a gonna buzzer no tell them
about everything that we have with it
they annoys us hey everyone's like okay
punish everyone else you got everyone
but if you like go to someone that loves
Indian food and you're like oh what kind
of dude food you order and you're like
butter chicken they will just melt herb
butter
like oh and they just hate on you for
liking butter chicken back given Beaman
Beaman important when a chicken is good
and you just hate on it because it's
mainstream but we're mainstream and
butter chicken is the best one we think
like we've gone we've gone out tonight
and we've tried different different ones
that yeah and uh what are the other one
I don't even bro means your name's it
adjusts to ball so right like yeah none
of them are ever even being as good as
butter chicken voices no whatever you
buy the chicken there's like a 90%
chance it's going to be pretty good so
it's safe you're gonna put butter
chicken cells through the roof now yeah
as you said you like it yeah I like that
coconut oil yeah what effort was Don
include about a chicken light just the
mainstream takeaways thanks true and
takeaways I hate saying one because it's
yours it's very mainstream Donald one's
Jake metatags
yeah $3 big mix of a flash it slide
around down the road I just try and park
I just get them I get like three I
I prefer Burger King and Kyle jr. yeah
um I like make us sometimes but I just
find that their burgers really thick
that I plain no the only thing I like is
Big Macs really there's only reason I
like it it's been ten minutes we've
answered like three questions so it's
all good Robin McCarthy asks what's your
favorite movie of all time you got I
don't know that I hate this question I'm
just going to say something like or can
we just change it to TV show I'm going
to say my favorite recent one okay
compete well Dubai so my favorite movie
currently like that I've seen recently
is their identity thief identity theft
oh okay yeah comedy yeah I like that one
I thought that was actually really funny
and I wasn't expecting it to be as good
as it was yeah it was really good
what was your favorite recent movie um
it's not really recent okay okay I'm
gonna say to this breaking the rules oh
yeah oh yeah it's shudder Islands which
is Leonardo DiCaprio and it's like a
complete mine or an sieve ship
which is exactly the same it's similar
but they're different
I know they're different I like shilin
bigger than its inception personally I
like both
I like the Asian watch the McKean
because you know how those are the kind
of movies you can watch and watch I'm
watching it always learn something new
but I've watched them like three times
which but yeah of course you okay
favorite TV show quit you got uh can I
say what yours is and you say what - you
probably don't like no way no I don't
know yours
neither do I possess Breaking Bad yeah
be sure everything watch it sit here and
watch five seasons on The Ed is the
Beast I can't put a few Dan from Game of
Thrones Breaking Bad Dexter um but we're
breaking the rules again and I don't
care okay um what else did I love those
are American Horror Story but the second
one that's not on one so I started in
what do we recommend we're just going to
change it yeah whatever Rikka making
just studying Breaking Bad Game of
Thrones up to be Spartacus really good
she doesn't like stir yeah only from
like well the first and second series
series we're like every four seasons
amazing yeah like everybody's keep it in
the last like the most recent ones kind
of that's still a good shot it's
still good though so I have to watch it
anyway
yeah um and what else do we watch then
it has to be real good I forgot now
Prison Break was good yeah we watched it
was the first thing we watched together
but that's kind of know they don't know
next question okay okay good one
this is a good one ready ready ready
ready okay well what was your first
impression of Hamish and what was his
first impression
why what a people no okay okay
say what your first apprecia me was I
thought she has a badge yet be honest
yo Justin I thought he was a whiny
like cry baby boy I'm not gonna get into
that now well I think we'll have to save
this for the boyfriend tape when we
don't because there's one of the
questions and we'll go more into depth
in yeah but that was our first way she
thought she's a bitch and Kelly is
looking like hey don't yell who's worse
than me you know that she was like I
thought it was smaller I know I don't
we're not getting into this because it's
AMA we'll go we'll go into there in a
different video
okay what are you most scared of heights
spiders closed spaces etc probably
spiders and Hyatts he's terrified
tell us spiders I'm
not way more on his first will he was
like oh this no you were doc
you way I wasn't he was it's he
was I used to work for a scaffolding
company and school yeah it was like a
day cuz you're scared wonder son what
cuz the noises animate no I did it
I just didn't enjoy it okay okay what am
I must get off um I don't really not
like I'm not I don't like what what am I
most scared of I don't like Heights but
I'm not like I can still go up high and
I'm not liking and crying you know go
anxious and and I don't like
spiders but I'm not gonna be one of
those girls it's like yeah you know yeah
and I don't like tiny spaces but if it's
not for long I'll be fine I don't know I
don't really have anything really scared
of our animals getting here
yeah even cam I don't know if it wasn't
getting like hurt or mistreated I'll
like turn into a crippled little
cry-baby
even if it's like a bee yeah that's not
an animal it's Nancy um wait one thing
that makes you cringe real bad no one
else here Hamish kin Alice it
Cringer of Ed like what something else
makes you like oh that's disgusting
other than chalk on the whiteboard or
they can give us later so because you
guys did it yeah on the way touch the
back of our Mac with the USB stick as it
as I make a oh god it's been but it's
not my one yet go click I'm so sit oh
yeah I don't cringe it that at all I
don't know oh that's me cringe right
here cringe moments good and it's
 disgusting
well I did I usually do it as well
cleaning over here from the bottom of
the shower and all the girls have been
in the shed I don't care about their oh
I like I get my vomit on what's a cool
dry rake yeah yeah you can hear them
like good things
it sucks I hate it I don't know what
makes me really like maybe just would I
store a few more um what's your favorite
alcoholic drink Oh what is it
watch out what's your favorite kind of
beer first my favorite kind of B is
Heineken or Steinlager pure Stein Lang
appears in New Zealand Bo I'm pretty
sure yes
so you some of you might not know what
that is they're very similar and my
favorite alcohol I love it I'll get more
serious about this eh clearly not an
alcoholic
um my favorite spirit may be Jaeger
efforts would be a bull but not Jaeger
by itself like it has to be with rebook
mine is Malibu
I don't drink how much cuz it's terrible
it's got so many calories and I've
skinned myself away from it because it's
real bit like I try to drink vodka hmm
I hate vodka though like I drink cruises
for some cool raspberry cruises yeah
they're nice you like the man yeah do 20
bucks for a box wasn't bad as idea if I
if I just didn't even care about like
maintaining my weight or anything I just
drink a whole bottle of Malibu like you
really can't Shannon she's on him
popularize I don't even pop e√°s√° but
it was really random I don't guess
though that's oh yes youdo you have
hippy eyes no and so do you okay it cut
you out just keep it okay so that's all
we're going to answer in this world cuz
it's really long enough so that's my
undone and now if you want to go hear
some more from us if you do this good
it's to know the link will be down below
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and we will talk to you soon
so yeah
