hi everyone so today me and Hamish are
going to be doing the 90s tag and I saw
it on missglamorazzi channel so it's
basically where we answer a bunch of
questions about the 90s like our
childhood what you were you born 1989 89
so it was like a well into early 90s
child some way older than Shannon yeah
yeah and I'm 1992 so I caught like the
more high into the nineties Hey okay
he's jumping out yeah yeah he likes
Hamish more than me
yeah so the first question is what's
your favorite Disney like original
Disney movie what's my favorite original
Disney movie um this is gonna sound
really bad I don't know if I have one
yeah does any movies are good but I oh
yeah sorry
so like maybe the lion cat is it this
thing yeah this doesn't yeah okay okay
my favorite one is Sleeping Beauty I
loved sleeping beauty sleeping people I
don't know why it's a terrible bit late
what she knows terrible did I ever say
Sleeping Beauty what happened that
obviously she is a slave yeah she gets
poisoned and then she was asleep in
there the prince fights the dragon for
some reason I was thinking of Beauty and
the Beast I don't know why people
probably notice I've got a new haircut
though everything is bothering me I
don't know if I like it don't let's just
stop it you make it worse I like it I
look like I'm from the damn army or
something anyway we've done it now so I
can't go back
deal with it favorite music artists from
the 90s oh oh oh oh here we go
I used to hate music yes there's someone
there like loves music now I used to
hate it back and trying to think yeah I
hated music all the way up until I was
like 15 16 really yeah and then I never
liked c4 or any other probably know it's
a fourth I never liked it Latino
yeah yeah like juice TV pretty much I
never liked anything that was real
popular or was it her pop yeah yeah I
hate it all this starlet and then no no
no I just went and gained in the end
unit and then all of a sudden windows
Anthony and I discovered like trance in
Alicia Assen house and stuff nineties
blow so basically it didn't like 1907
until afterwards because you don't like
what Vince oh I used to have boy bands
back I still do no so you're like boy
bit
well that's cat that's my teacher my
first service idiot was Mandy Moore
anymore yeah and I had all of the Barbie
CDs which I'd like wits live Britney
Spears arakata oh my god you love
arakata December I don't minds like
candy I don't know what almost sounds
like you used to listen to those now say
days yes I hate him anyway they still
fear gray hey favorite Nick jr. show
what Nickelodeon what's eatin eating
was it Jenga losing is that Nickelodeon
I don't know what nickel oh no that was
it I was never lonely in like late at
night after the a little gay kiddie show
maybe um you go
you go first I don't know I don't know
what once with Nickelodeon I've been
feeling no Cartoon Network I was the
Cartoon Network girl yeah Dragonball Z
was Cartoon Network and I like even Edie
and pinky in the brain can you bring up
a list of shows no I don't what are not
it he bows come on in tramples a like it
one obviously that's not like it's just
a favorite TV shows because we don't
even know what nickel a stupid question
guys yeah however right there absolutely
ridiculous so you go cartoon show
cartoons I already said yes so you just
choose one that you can choose okay when
I was looking I look for Pokemon I made
my eyes you can take your money Tracy
you met last night yeah made it come to
every single Pokemon movie they came out
draped it yeah may say like more movies
were good times they were apart you
should watch them again there was those
 standings on with a couldn t
talking it was just a Pokemon and I
turned up and I thought to myself
there's a and in the movie I mean
yeah I think golden movie was started
after all right if favorite and 90's
can't eat in one shot
oh sorry Matt this is what after love
worth - pok√©mon - I knew it would be
well I skipped you we should we should
just skip that one what's it like you
shouldn't be like I said Pokemon because
it runs what did you male it was a bit
weird
other than even 9 yeah must be must not
would discourage cartoon show we're just
breaking the rules GPS tells us to turn
right we turn Lee okay well that's what
did you love a pack from Pokemon
I loved what do you mean cat my yep all
the time we're done cuz I can't really
choose dragonballs a that was my
favorite but I go back in it so
like it's just terrible I never loved it
hated it
did you know watch jaws like what I know
obviously it's not one girl another
thing okay anyway favorite 90s candy
equal Winkle than all this
oh god oh no I know what I liked with
those sour apples
so either coke pot yeah coke bottles or
samples I don't know but I don't like
the sugar coke bottles I hate people
that like notes like worms with sugar
all over them and what's the point
alright you like them of course you like
them I'll I suppose you remember those
fate goalie pops and you'd like oh yeah
and stick it in the pouf you'd like suck
it off as well as there's Nicholas's
that were made out of Louis all those
were cold for about 10 seconds then
tonight the whole thing yeah super cool
wristbands wristbands I got your
bracelet nobody's like kind of put
myself in a hobby nevermind okay your
favorite game like 90s game like board
game or school game or no Alex the kid
was the best
I like like no not bored anything
no I say good Seger Sega Master System
and then I got stolen wall bubble bubble
bubble bubble or Alex the kid tonight
I'm gonna go with the school game he's
done thumbs up school girl
mm-hmm they we used to think that so
sneaky mega yeah Oh stay that way
he's that thumbs up City the front of
the class low though did we kiss with me
rubbish bin round us does anyone know
what like I'm not gonna explain what it
is but does anyone know what rubbish bin
rounders is coin and tell me if you know
eyes yeah it's too much to explain a
second full on kids game on your sleep
you know what it was
favorite McDonald's Happy Meal toy do
you remember oh I tried to collect them
all so I went to a garage sale once in
actually bought like a mess of box of
them was massive and it cost us 20
dollars or so stoked
oh my god never play with any of them I
remember they had like little trains and
you can collect different parts of
trains and they all connected together
yeah those were my face I like those oh
and also when they did the mini foodies
I remember yeah they did like me caring
for these it's a creepy though I know
it's cuz my favorite would be in my
wardrobe I put on my wardrobe to try
make it go to sleep it was like favorite
book 90s but when you're playing bro but
I hate books you must have hid a book
when you were a little kid all right
come on I like hearing McWaters my
McCleary I like hearing McCleary I liked
I spy what astatine oh you're allowed
one where's Julie I don't care
dammit I was gonna say we as wallet yeah
yeah we as wali um now the magic once
you know the major ones we owe the ones
we stare you look at them and then you
gotta look through the book I don't
think you say that yeah I've never done
it somebody that's only away that's so
what were they called major cars or
something something in Guinness Book of
Records yes I'm sorry yeah yeah so
they're in the library did your teachers
okay I go to go read a book everyone
goes for like I spy and stuff like that
not real but yeah favorite clothing
store when you're a kid cotton used to
care about clothes when I was a kid need
that really what about your favorite
what was your favorite like a piece of
clothing
something hmm like mike is like a trend
from the nineties I wasn't very trendy
I think jelly shows God well scoffs
scoffs Remus caps they're like they're
like they're noisy one but never that
they've got like instead of imagine a
Jandal or a sandal how they've got the
bit that goes between your tire and it's
like a scarf and then it's got a cover
like that like a little bridge you put
your foot on there
yeah and that always came off yeah when
you're walking like shh-shh this way it
clogs well no I didn't have clothes I
wanna close my mini screen hair clogs we
used to go to go and swap shoes for the
day because my mum should be a
girlfriend no my mom wouldn't Bobby
clogs could she speak though ugly yeah
well if that shows right go watch Opie's
childhood memory I've got a good one
nothing okay I kind of sit this one out
for myself
back in the day this is a terrible story
by the way back in the day me and about
50 other people because I went to a
country school and we all were like you
know you'd have yeah eights and nines or
whatever what was it at school years
something whatever years those years
probably wrong but you have like two
years maxi diff heaps of people in a
class at a country school and one day
there was a sewage pipe that was broken
on the field there's a sewage pipe on
the field and it was like a concrete
slab and all the grass had been mowed
but what had happened there someone had
come in and shoved it all up so I was
like a hole like that big in someone had
chapped it up so ass being at a country
school where like sweetie it's what can
we do at lunchtime don't know so one of
the guys one of the guys got a bunch of
sticks and put them over the hole so
it's all the time yeah and a sewage pipe
sorry so sticks all across the hole and
then cover it up with fresh --mode guts
and move the cone that was the down to
the side oh this is terrible I don't
know but I thought we did it so these
are things you do as a kid and then um
one about mates it
and he obviously went around the cone
and then steps down into the hole like
one of his legs fell down there and he
said oh I'm going off and I'm telling so
he ran off when and got the teacher who
was like the deputy principal in the end
it turned out to be the deputy principal
came walking out like what's going on
and then by this time we'd already read
covered the whole again we had about 20
of us hiding in the bush she K there was
a lady she came walking out she looked
at where the cone was and picked it up
almost like oh what's going on I don't
even know know what they're talking
about and then she went to walk back in
off the field and she felt like not
completely but one of her legs went
straight down the hole she stood up
hitch hitch one of the guys just started
cracking up and pointing at her and E
right now sprinted away I was like why
would you stand there and point at her
get out of here
so we'll just denied it but everyone got
the teen chatter and we had to write
about like a lyric apology formal leader
were there like name an address at the
top so it was the worst child well
you're like a dead child no I wasn't
them see everyone else I was watching
like everyone got in trouble I was a
real good kid until I hit like high
school I was wearing makeup to school
they gave news attention all the time
before wearing makeup oh that's pretty
badass yeah and a creek uniform because
I used to wear like there's not 90 so
this is off topic
you never use number no this is a better
question what would you watch when you
got home from school
well if it wasn't the 90s what I watched
when I get home from school would be
sticky TV and now I see those people on
the you Channel and it's so awkward
like beyond awkward oh yeah it's like
they don't talk like little kids anymore
that's just felt like only like on the
wither
yeah and they took real serious and he's
white girl on you that pisses me off I
hope he watches it thank you
she's a bit bland oh she's terrible how
did she even get a job and she talks
herself out I could go on free but it's
not important 9s okay when I got home
from school I remember it was spongebob
and then it wasn't honest
their whole spoke old yeah I remember
watching Spongebob and then Digimon was
on I hated it so used to just half-ass
watch it and then do like my homework
because I was good Digimon a winner
after that no because then after that
like a Pokemon or you you were on so it
was okay like I just had to wait that
like 20 minutes for that to be over
because it was did you still like
how they played the songs with Pokemon
like a teen Viridian City poker I didn't
know since dreams change channel not a
tree pok√©mon fan yeah am i clicked at
the sticker books did you stack of books
yeah like the Pokemon books and then you
collect it like they pick a stick is no
I just played it on Gameboy yeah so did
I but I'd the stick books and I hit that
I had the manual you know like the UM
how did you have time to deal with it
like the game actually took like it was
like the master manual so they put on
the eggs oh my god like activity
books from Pokemon I loved it
Oh in a little Pikachu my auntie it was
like the little worm what are they
called
kind of like collecting basketball cards
you can talk about them like they're fun
you know nice did you actually did you
hear cars oh good what is you you felt
like actually feels like huffy live in a
park
someone's probably gonna claim their
cards and they were probably worth a lot
too because it was a lot better yeah
good steel you don't feel bad if you
pick up like a twenty dollar note but if
you found a wallet with someone's name
in it end in my name is yellow yeah but
if you find something and is like
nothing to link to it you're like
it
ma'am I'm to date one time now one time
this like we saw this 22 well no like
fly pasta somewhere but I sprinted for
it like my she got it she put
when I was when your kid is like a
million dollars I know you could give
some okay I remember this did you when
you're a little bit like your parents
wouldn't even give you a Norton
satellite if they gave me any money
you'd be like turtle coins or something
and like 20 20 cents and fifty scenes I
remember the first time I got a lot was
win I hated school interview you know
like parent-teacher interview yeah
sighs my first ever know that I got
isn't it was a 2100 not even the finest
Magdala jump into like it was cuz I got
a real good go reported echoes Chinon
he's 20 Rose I cried as well as well I
cried and I didn't spend it for like
like months yeah cuz let's taste kid I
would have spent it in like the first 10
minutes okay we're being babbling for
way too long on this video wait you
better wait with it in the nineties
shirt okay well I hope you guys enjoyed
it anyway that's at the end yes what's
that well the question well all the ones
they were on this like I'm sure there's
more questions but not on this video so
it's just a fail okay right down below
in the comment section some suggestions
for videos we could do it either like
anything like your videos like tags
challenges we'll just do our own anyway
so doesn't any min or what you guys say
yeah but it'll help us out to Pharrell
suitable I we want to do some challenge
videos we want to do some like but it
was like this one some chitchat videos
and like give us more tags like takes to
look up yeah and I've got a video for
you guys coming out soon as well and it
solved just like following me around my
job at work it's kind of sounds boring
but you just see what I did for a bit
and also I'll be just going on about
other stuff in it as well so if you want
to see it
come on a champ yeah stay tuned for next
week happy you on e alright thanks for
watching we'll talk to you soon
