hi everyone so I'm doing a random topic
blog today if you haven't been hanging
around on this channel for long that is
basically where I say on Facebook I'm
doing a random topic blog and people
leave down below in the comment section
a bunch of random words random talk
topics and random questions and stuff
that I just ramble on about and just let
you know my thoughts about basically if
you wonder what's on my lips first of
all I just have to ramble a bit well
this whole video trembling but you get
what I mean
I recently not recently previously I
previously head on hot hot pink lips so
I took it off because I wanted a
different look color it looks so gross
right
anyway took it off put concealer on
because my lips was stained for a trade
and then I hate concealer on I put on
this lipstick it's how I got this lip
color so amazing this is the first time
I've worn this this is the shame supreme
by Mac and the color full speed it's
that color there it comes off last thing
what it looks like there but it's like a
coral Orange II pink color but it comes
off light especially once I put on that
concealer first and I'm just like
staring at this look color like oh my
god I missed never forget what color
this is so that's why I'm telling you so
I don't forget there's literally the
perfect curl ish pink color
oh okay so got my phone and I'm just
going to talk about some of the random
topics that you guys want me to hear
talk about not hear about this is going
to go so well if I keep talking like
this my friends only ten percent hope it
doesn't die does anyone else's phone do
this my iPhone gets down to like three
or four percent and then it dies it
doesn't actually get down to like one
percent was herbs in it just decides
nope I don't even care I'm just gonna
die when I feel like it
Marie extensions to becoming what the
brand name is now by I've used these
ages go on a video but I like kind of
hated them at first I didn't hate them I
just hate the way they felt in my hair
like I wasn't used to extensions then I
was actually get over it because you
want one here for a while so I'm just
experimenting there from I'm going to
open it oh here we go posh hair
extensions watch but I like the way they
look now so whatever your views on
marriage gain heat receipt roll heck
true sexual cannot talk I think that
marriage is cool
and I don't think that getting married
should be like a forced upon thing like
you know some cultures like they're
expected to get married or like expected
to get married to someone of their own
culture or race or whatever I feel like
anyone should be allowed to get married
to whoever the hell they want so I don't
care if it's like a guy and a guy are
going to go or like pissing on a white
person or an Asian and a black person or
a white person and a purple person I
feel like marriage like form a merged
symbolizes just loving someone and you
want to let everyone know how proud of
your spouse your partner your
girlfriend/boyfriend
how proud you are to be with them and
how much you adore them and want to call
them you know your own and be like shove
off everyone house they're mine ring on
the finger fate honestly I do not
understand why everyone hates on fate
I'm not a foot finished person believe
me like I get some weird ass emails from
random guys that were like misses me
they're like oh can you do a video we
paint your toenails and can you do a
video like washing your feet and show me
your favorite heels and I'm like no
that's weird I'm not one of
those people but I don't understand why
it runs I own we go I feel so gross and
like you know people don't show they
fade stuff
I reckon that feet look really pretty
once you're in pretty shoes and things
like that like I don't know does that
make me really weird does that make me a
foot finish prisoner hunt all my people
that oh my god my feet are so disgusting
at least they're like wrinkly and like
asides the Jillian and like hairy and
you've got hairy toes and moldy toenails
you don't have ugly feet they're just
fake your feet aren't hot feet are
hideous they're just a part of your body
and you should be proud of them you
should wear cool shoes
guns I hate the thought that anyone
could get going like I wouldn't want
that to happen I wouldn't want people
getting guns because I know they're
they'll be random like thirteen-year-old
boys they would go shooting people's
cats because that actually happened in
my old city with like BB guns and all
sorts of stuff like that
and I think that's really bad and I
don't want random people having guns
because they might shoot me I do feel
like cops should all be armed because
there are some psycho people out there
that do have guns and then a cop turns
up and they don't have guns and they get
shot and worst of all the dog gets shot
and you all know that everyone gets
really upset when please don't die
does that I don't know if that makes me
really bad for something I always get
really upset when I hear an animal die
like its helpless you know then again
some of the cults like if they don't
have a gun
to be able to shoot that person that's
about to shoot them then like you know
that's the bad guy
obviously he's pointing a gun at them
and I do understand the complications
like what if a cop is an actual decade
and one of the cops says not a good cop
and what if you just goes around like
shooting people they didn't really
deserve to be shot initiative just be
taken to jail whatever like it's a
really tough topic but I still believe
like a lot of cops should have the right
to him like a gun or something like that
on them I promise I'm not a murderer in
the making how do you feel about teen
pregnancy
I think teen pregnancy is just myth like
I have no opinion on it I am so thankful
that somehow nothing went wrong and I
didn't get a baby because if I had a
baby before now I feel like I wouldn't
have been able to achieve all the things
I would choose so far and I want to have
a baby when the time is right for me
when I'm older when I've got the money
when I've got a house in a car and I've
been traveling and I've done all of that
stuff and got out in my partying phase
and I can give my baby the love and
attention and money that it needs
on the other hand I have a friend who
had a baby like they plan to have a baby
when she was a teenager after school but
and they've made it work really really
well and she's a really good mom like it
just depends on the person like you know
I and then you see people on the
internet like those teen pregnancy
people they have a baby with net 15 or
16 just so they get famous and everyone
hates them is like what are you doing
like it's so selfish on the child and I
don't know how you know one could do
that I just believe that everyone should
have a baby when they're ready and I
feel like you should be very careful
when you're six not to trip up and have
a baby unexpectedly at the wrong time
because it's not fair on the child it's
not fair on yourselves it's not fun your
relationship you should do it when
you're all ready for it so that's my
view I love this someone has said
Candida is a surname for Mitchell what
if you were raised to believe that
Reapers blue and in reality blue was
rude for being raised that they read was
blue every time you saw Drita was
actually blue you still like color read
but you thought it was blue
everyone saw it differently that you
called it the same because
how you were like race I love this
because I've always did the same thing
I've always seemed like you know what if
everyone says you really were colored
differently from one another but you are
all raised like this certain color here
like this to me is pink but it can
actually be blue but you would still
call it pink because that's what pink
looks like to you you're raised say you
know pink and beige go get the pink and
let go together but black could actually
be like bright purple and pink could
actually be bright lime green and the
colors don't go well together fit your
race to say that the colors go well
together sue thing they go well together
what a black and white we're actually
white and black
you wouldn't even know because you were
raised to say that there was a certain
color when in reality it's not this is
just one big mind screw-up
I love getting into discussions about
stuff like this I could go food I could
go for days a dream I've had that has
been like reoccurring as a kid okay I
was probably like 12 early Perl 12 and I
remember having these dreams every
single night for about a month I'm not
kidding it was terrifying
I must have seen a scary zombie movie
because I remember like having dreams
about the zombies I was at home and it
was before school and I was trying to
get ready for school but there was long
busy everywhere and they were trying to
kill me now all like mooching around I
was trying to grab my handbag I was
trying to grab my schoolbooks not my
handbag my school bag I wasn't that old
let's try to find my uniform like my
clothes for the day trying to find my
hairbrush just trying to find my
toothbrush my lunch and there was Ami's
everywhere not dodging them and I was
terrified that they're gonna kill me but
I knew I had to get to school on time
those dreams aid them every night they
don't seem very scary but they're really
worth I was so much scarier in my dreams
the only time it ended like after a
month my friend was staying over and she
was laying here next to me and I smacked
her on the back of the head she said and
my slave I smacked her on the back of
the head in my dream what I saw was I
hit a spade and I sniffed a zombie on
the back of the head and died and then
they will run away from me and all the
zombies left me alone from then on and I
had good sleeps so this was just like
biking come here here you say hello show
them how fluffy you are so fluffy
mister another couple my camera is gonna
die he lies
I schnitz oh my god I remember and I
would have never admitted this when I
was a little kid but when I went to
school I went to ask Oh ask me everyone
had that it's like everyone hid nuts and
I remember having them I get rid of them
and get them again I get rid of them my
mum was going absolutely mental she was
probably pulling her hair out she's
probably going grey anyway but this was
before I moved to Korea I moved to Korea
and then obviously like on the plane or
the pollution and Korea like they all
just fell out and fell out they would
died and I never hit them again like
ever it was the best thing ever
aliens I think that there's definitely
something else in this universe because
we have only like discovered like what
is it like one had one one-hundredth and
something is that make no sense but you
get what I'm trying to say like we've
discovered like the tiniest little speck
of the universe we can't even like go
outside of that speck
there has got to be some other earth or
some kind of planet that specimens have
like learnt to a debt to and survived I
feel like it's very possible I don't
necessarily think they'd be big green
big brained scary things with big skinny
bodies and think I don't know what they
would look like they could be like
animals they could be humans they could
be they could be aliens they could be
really weird-looking they could be light
there could be there could be anything
you know what I mean but I'm sure there
must be some kind of life-form there's a
debt of to some planet and like the
millions of planners that there probably
are and the galaxy you know what I mean
please tell me I'm not the only one that
thinks like this like what do you reckon
my camera is about to die so I'm gonna
say goodbye now if you liked this video
thumbs it up and remind me to do another
one if I haven't done one in a while go
on my Facebook and say shin into another
random topic vlog please have a really
good day and I'll talk to you soon bye
