hey guys so today I am doing another
question and answers vlog I just asked
before on my facebook to ask questions
and I have a million and 22 here first
question comes from Jasmin Melman do you
have any allergies I do
I had a bit allergic to like nickel and
cheap earrings please don't wear cheap
earrings I just have to take them out
like after a few hours otherwise I get
like big puffy sore is I get really
really really like hay feverish elegies
is like the same as hay fever here so
when it comes to like spring and all the
pollen is chilling out everywhere in the
air I get really really sick and puffy
and it's not very fun
Lauren hodza not iced are you still
planning on moving to Australia one day
yes man Hamish keep talking about it
because we love will Clin but I don't
know if it's somewhere where we would
want to live for the rest of our lives
so we are thinking maybe next year we
just kind of take life as it comes so
maybe like halfway through neat sure
something will go bounce over to
Australia somewhere in sealed down for a
bit and see what it's like we want to do
it eventually so just as a matter of
time Hollie Olson asks what would you be
doing if you didn't have YouTube as your
job um I would probably would be working
or within like an office or something
like that to do with what I had my lap
my own certificate degree thing and
probably be helping out with in like
Photoshop retouching website design or
something like that erin nicole asks how
did you cope with your parents divorce
my parents were never married so they
didn't get divorced I was really really
young and I didn't really know what was
happening I was just really sad and
angry at my parents all the time I used
to be like really aggro be like why
don't you like dad why don't you like
mom I don't know I never understood I
didn't take it easy but eventually I
kind of just got used to it as I got
older I started just realizing that it
just wasn't happening and yeah that's
kind of how I cope with that I suppose I
didn't really cope with it well many
Nicola asked what's your favorite fast
food place at the moment I'm really
really loving Nando's shrimpo asked
would you rather get paid 15 grand and
never get bourbon plants or would you
rather have your boob job I would have
rather had my boob job because the way I
feel is more important than any sum of
money at least it was like two million
dollars
would be a different story Christo dad
asked what is your dream job I'm doing
it now this is my dream job but I'd love
to get into like reviewing products for
like magazines and all that kind of
thing like I feel like when I move on
from YouTube that's the kind of thing
I'd like to be doing just testing out
products and giving my feedback all the
time all my life that's what I want to
do Brook trot asks do you see yourself
and Hamish being together for a long
time yeah I do because if I didn't I
wouldn't be with him we have like stupid
fights sometimes about stupid stuff just
because we both get tired and grumpy
sometimes but it's never anything
serious that you know it would actually
break us up it's not like either of us
do anything wrong or anything I always
get hangry you know story but nah I
think that he's a really good guy for me
is very supportive
and he's very very supportive of like
you know YouTube and my brush line and
everything is very helpful he's very
understanding and he loves my puppy and
we have a lot of fun we're always out
doing something on the weekends we're
always hanging out and we just get along
really really well we're like best
friends Kayleigh Gaia asked would you
rather go back in time and meet your
ancestors or fought and time and meet
your grandchildren
I would so rather go back in time like I
can't wait until I'm really really old
till I meet my grandchildren but can you
just imagine how amazing it would be to
go back like hundreds of years and just
see what you're like family were doing
like chances are they were probably like
slaves or peasants or something like
that how cool would it be if you realize
that you know your great great great
great great great grandma and granddad
we're like a prince and a princess
although were like rich in like a big
flash house I just feel like it's really
really intriguing and like what with a
job like with a middle make is always a
jockey is or were they you know farmers
who knows like I just think it'd be
really interesting to be able to find
that kind of thing out honey stay laughs
are you read the book or see the film
kind of person the person used to be
read the book kind of person but now I'm
definitely a film person because one of
the things me and Hamish like say like
every single night is we'll watch the
movie or watch like a TV series or
something like that we're very very into
films and stuff like that and I would
love to be able to read but I just do
not have the time between YouTube
being like my full-on like job between 8
o'clock in the morning and 6 o'clock at
night and then I go to the gym after
that and then I get home and I just want
to hang out with Hamish and then on the
weekends we're just doing fun stuff like
there's almost like no time for me to
actually do stuff like that anymore
which is kind of depressing like it's
kind of good because I remember back
when I used to read I'd read all day
long and I'd never get anything done
Taisha Meck Meck L'Amour I'm so sorry
just butcher your name she said say a
sentence and then American accent can't
do American but I remember that workout
playing song by Kanye West and it's like
the southern accent and she's like hi my
name is Allie Mae and I'm from Mobile
Alabama is that really bad probably holy
criminals how much wood could a
woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck wood and then you could check as
much wood as it wanted to chuck because
there's no limit to how much wood you
can chuck even bans us what is my
favorite all-time perfume Katy Perry
very really struggling with speaking
again today um her the light pink was so
not this one this is me all right
sesame aisle away this is / okay meow I
like now mi groomers how do you stay
motivated to stay fit regularly it's in
the gym and eat healthy basically what
motivates me to eat healthy is if I
don't I feel like other crap in sick
because fight healthy for like a few
days and then I go to McDonald's to get
a cheeseburger I feel like I'm gonna
vomit and it just don't feel good and it
doesn't make me want to eat it anyway
and I'm motivated to keep going to the
gym because I see such a difference like
I'm already if I don't go to the gym I
kind of stay quite slim now because of
my eating habits but if I don't go to
the gym like now how I can't go to the
gym I've noticed I look chubbier
not fair I just look a bit chubbier like
pushing a squishy a squishy podgy
because my muscle is basically
deteriorating but deteriorating but you
know what I mean it's completely like
going away because my muscles aren't
being worked so when I go the gym I
notice that my body is a lot tighter and
smoother and just a lot more lean and I
just feel you know nicer like you look a
bit more toned and everything so that's
enough motivation for me to keep going
and I just love it
like I go
often that I look for 20 now it's not
like a chore or anything like that I
just love going sherilyn eat ice when
are you doing your makeup collection
video with a million exclamation marks I
have filmed it I'm like I've got like a
few other videos to upload in the mean
time so it's probably a couple weeks
away because I like to do them in order
so it's really
you've just gotta wait for it Julia
Vanina asked what's the first thing you
would think about when you wake up in
the morning the first thing I think
about is answering my emails because
every single day I wake up and I check
my phone and there's like a billion and
20 like emails that I've got to answer
Liana Marie thrift is that Leanna Oh
Leanna because I know that you can set
either way so no no no no no Leanna well
it tres you about Hamish and do you
think is the one what attracts me with
Hamish is obviously the way he looks
he's a very good-looking guy he has an
amazing smile I like go gummy every time
I see it but what really attracted me to
him is here so like he seems so
confident he's got an amazing sense of
humor which is like one of the most
important things for me and yeah he's
just such a people person like he will
just get along with everyone and he
makes an effort like even when I did my
meet up with Carissa he came and he like
talked to all my viewers and like you
know he's a really good guy like he's
just awesome like there he'll just talk
to anyone he gets along with anyone he's
got an awesome sense of humor he doesn't
take a life too seriously
do I think he's the one I never really
think into it too much I just kind of
roll with it but I obviously am in love
with him and yeah tiene la asked you get
recognized on a regular basis yes I do
pretty much every single time I leave my
house I think people come up to me and
ask for photos which is the best I think
it's really cool oh I'll have people
like tweet me and say I just saw you or
an Instagram and stuff like that but
yeah pretty much every single time I go
out someone will see me sometimes it's
like the people at the shop like if I'm
buying a bracelet or something at an
accessory shop they'll be like hey I'm
usually the one that's more shy because
I'm a really shy person oh wait so you
can't tell on camera because I'm
comfortable talking to the camera now
but if I was like in front of like 50
people right now I'd be like or if like
a random person came up to me and I
didn't know what said like
and I don't mean to be like horrible if
they even happens to you and you come up
to me and you're like you like say
something you expect me to say something
and I'm like it's just because I'm like
socially awkward I totally don't mean to
be like mean or anything it's just made
me like really shy and I'm just like
starting with life because people notice
me estimate class do you want to get
married in the future it doesn't need to
be now that sometime in your life yes
definitely I want to go through that
whole experience and I feel like one day
like when you love someone that manager
I feel like if this isn't everyone like
not everyone wants a label but I feel
like it's nice to have that label like
you know you and your boyfriend partner
love each other so much that yet you
want to make that commitment to be with
each other for the real life in a proud
to call each other you're husband and
wife and I think that's awesome and I
want that tip it's me one day obviously
not now would not anytime really soon
but I hope it happens one day
Katie Margaret asked out of the
Kardashians who's the hottest or your
favorite Kim Khloe Kourtney I really
like Chloe I think she's got a real cool
attitude and I just think she's a cool
kind of chick I know and she seems like
the most underrated I feel like Kim
Kardashian is obviously like stunning
but I feel like the other to adjust is
stunning so yeah Morgan Davis has if you
could have any car what would it be I
would have a white addy and I don't know
exactly what model name but I don't have
a white out he because I think there's
stixxay Kennedy McDonald ass which way
does your toilet paper hang on the wall
we don't even have a toilet paper holder
we've got ass sitting on the washing
machine which is like opposite the
toilet budget poor young adult life
Tyler hot quit tinder asked what does
Hamish think of the new Tatas get this
question all the freaking time
Hamish as I said was not bothered
whether I get them or not like whether I
was gonna get them on up before I got
them done
he said Shannon it's like thousands of
dollars such a waste of money you could
buy like so many PlayStation games for
their mana money but I wanted it done
obviously but now he's seen them any
things they're phenomenal and he lost
them it makes me happy
Brittany Clementis would you ever do a
comp for new in New Zealand subscribers
to have a data speed with you like don't
make up in having lunch etc then it's a
pretty cool idea but then it gives me
like I know 99% of you are amazing but
imagine of that one psycho freaky person
that watches my videos that's just a bit
wednesdaya contest kind of freaks me out
a little bit but I'm thinking about
doing like it because I'm turning 21
this year and I was thinking about
actually having like a 21st party and
inviting my subscribers
is that weird I still get it actually
about me she's anxious or do they like
turn it into a big event and just invite
you all and we can all get drunk and
party together
Jennifer sloka I can't really pronounce
that he loves sorry make a keep and redo
with me it took me so long to spit up I
already have one that's on my channel
and today ages ago or like a few months
ago I should do another one but my
bathroom is tiny and really dark so it
probably wouldn't go down very well
Kennedy McDonald I asked when you were a
kid who did you want to be is in like a
person and I wanted to be probably two
people properly one I wanted to be my
cousin Ainsley because she was like
already me and she used to come over and
I thought she was so pretty she was
blond and pretty and I was like the
brunette cousin it was like the ugly
little brunette one so she doesn't
belong then she had blue eyes and she
was tall and she was skinny and she was
always tan she was always really pretty
and had nice clothes and all the time
when I was growing up like when I was
like a kid to a teenager I always wanted
to be here when I was really young I
wanted to be Britney Spears but who
didn't so that's all I'm answering for
today I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll
do some more let me know what other
videos you would like to see on this
vlog channel so I can expand I'm
thinking about doing cooking videos real
soon but it's just a fact of getting
hamish helping me film so I've got a
game to perfect her skills first again
thank you so much for watching and I'll
talk to you soon bye
