hey everyone so today I'm doing my
boobie update yay I hope I'm sorry I
haven't been doing them like last week I
got so busy with like just life and
other YouTube stuff and all sorts of
stuff and nothing was really happening
so I really really apologize but now I'm
going to do like weekly to fortnightly
whatever I think is necessary because
sometimes nothing is going to change
sometimes a lot will change so I'm just
going to do them whenever I feel like
they're necessary but I'll try to do
them at least every like two weeks to
every four weeks kind of thing so right
now it is three and a half weeks post-op
it's a month post-op on Saturday on the
6th ok so I have on right now the
compression breath a lot of people are
asking on my main channel because
obviously in my videos I haven't been
wearing my compression bar bra um just
because it looks hideous like if I put
it on over my shoulder right now but
below what is there and people get
really angry because people get angry
about all things on YouTube and I just
rather avoid the whole thing and I do
feel like I need a little break every
now then because it is very tight and
can't breathe properly and I just feel
like having a break for an hour or two a
day is fine I wear it all night or all
day apart from when I shower in film so
I'll show you what the brow looks like
now okay before I even show you because
people be shocked they're shrunk quite a
bit compared to when you have seen them
but they still look really really good
so I'm really happy this is a bad angle
I did peel I got real tan and Thailand
that came back over to New Zealand and
it's freezing here and over there was
real hot and my body was just like what
my skin dried out all over the place and
I peeled so it was really sucky so this
is what the brow looks like the
compression bra very tight it's got a
zip closure and then it also has little
eye hooks it has got this ugly
embroidered Florida yes so that's what
the compression brow looks like so since
I got back the pain has been not bad at
first when I first got back I fancy
things so terrible I was sick of
sleeping on my back I couldn't do it
it was horrible it hurt I was aching my
back hurt everything hurt I was having
terrible sleeps as grumpy and cranky
just not a fun person at all and after
like maybe
a week of being home I could comfortably
sleep on my side so I've been sleeping
on my side it's really really nice and
comfortable just like prop myself up and
pillows put my arm behind me and then
kind of like use my arm for my support
so my boobs are getting squashed you
know and they feel great and I have been
massaging them I'm supposed to do I have
now morning half don't night but I never
do I'm so terrible I massage them
whenever I remember but oh my god it
just feels like forever if you have to
do it for that long and I just I don't
know that dropping really nicely they're
quite squishy like I don't know I'll
show you in a bikini they're nice and
squishy I can push them together and
stuff like that so it's gonna be really
fun once I can wear like a bra and like
get nice contour bras so that they're
real big and pretty like if I wear a
dress to my video something and I can go
Perales and I don't even need to wear
Brian I've got like the nice boobies and
the cleavage I feel so good it's so
amazing I don't know what it has to
update on I think my next question I
mean my next boob video I'm gonna do
question answers one so you guys can ask
me heaps of stuff and I can cover it
because I never remember what to talk
about scars I'll show you my scars okay
so that is where my plasters were by the
way but you can see the scars are
healing up real nicely they're bumpy and
they're going down really really well
and you can't even see them when I've
just got my boob hanging down because
it's perfectly in the contour so really
stoked about that so every single time I
do a boob update I will update you on
what the scars look like
so what I'm going to do now is I'm going
to get on my bikini and let's show you
what they look like and I did take
footage before I got a boob job so you
can see the difference obviously they're
still gonna change a little bit from now
until like a few months from now because
they're not fully cured yet or anything
like there and I still can't go the gym
and I still can't do anything heavy
lifting or anything like that
um I can't wear bras and all that kind
of stuff so that goes stall it different
from now and a few times once they've
finished dropping and sitting and all
that kind of jazz
you
okay so as you can see in the before and
after like they're a lot bigger
obviously that's why I got it
so yeah they squish together really well
now they're very jiggly and movable
they're not like completely hard like
they were before I'm really happy with
how they're healing up I think that they
put suits my body proportions perfectly
and I'm going to show you like a full
bikini shot now because I get so many
people asking to actually see how they
look with my entire body from foot to
time I mean hits foot because like
obviously in my outfit photos they don't
answer and stuff I don't show off my
boobs anyway so I don't but you can't
tell that they're there so I'm going to
do like a full screen bikini shot so you
can see okay so there's my boobie update
thanks again for all of your client
words and I have had some people
emailing me about questions about like
boo cute and all that kind of thing
which I'll try to respond soon otherwise
all of the answers are in my videos
anyway so I hope you guys enjoy your
days and I'll talk to you again real
soon I'm going to start doing more vlogs
now that I actually can sit down in film
Lots so yeah to appear soon bye
