my name is Shannon Harris and today I'm
going to be doing the draw my life tag
so I'll be start from the beginning here
is me here's my dad here glasses and
black thick curly hair and his my mom
she's just got regular lady here and
then here's Mays a little baby wrecked
up and I had read here when I was born
everyone was kind of shocked when I was
really young my mom in my dad broke up
and I never really understood why I was
very upset about it and eventually my
mom and dad just decided that they could
still be friends just for the sake of me
only a small family and I was very close
with everyone
apart from my cousins I am an only child
so I used to always get really excited
when my cousin's came over what I play
with them but I was the young one and
they never really wanted to play with me
I'm not sure why but as always a very
shy person and I still AM everyone at
school used to hang out in place over
there and I was always kind of the
outcast girl that just never really knew
how to make friends so eventually I just
kind of went over and tagged along and
people just kind of thought I was weird
I think because I was so shy and making
it really easy target for other girls to
bully me and because I was so young it
just made me even more shy and even less
able to go out and make friends if you
can't tell what this is it's a stage at
school I remember joining them with a
whole bunch of other girls and doing
that stop right now by the spice girls
like performing it everyone asks kind of
thought I was just tagging along because
I wasn't really invited to do it but I
just did it anyway I had so much fun
I used to love performing in singing
during that time though I did make a
really really good friend someone who
actually accepted me intimate teased me
about everything and soon after that my
mum announced to me that I was going to
go to a new school I was really not
happy I didn't want to go through the
whole process of trying to make new
friends and fit in again as angry as I
was I still knocked my mum though I
remember when I was a little girl when
she went to work I used to climb up on
the bath and get into the top cupboard
and the bathroom put on her makeup
and I would always end up looking
something like this I used to put bright
red lipstick and bright red eyeshadow
all over my face and my mum was not
impressed in the slightest
and so I begin my new stool again and
the cycle happened again it was pretty
hard but I was not expecting it what I
wasn't expecting was another girl coming
up to me I seemed to be my friend and
that was really nice
okay so this is a hand by the way um
we're really good friends for a while
but she was actually a little bit weird
and one day in class she stared my hand
with a pen and I glared and everyone was
kind of like what the hell started
making friends I just kind of started
taking along with people again so
getting along with them and it was
really nice I was living a really normal
childhood until my mum said Shimon we're
going to Korea and I was like what's to
Korea I had no idea what Korea was I
swear I used to be a bit of a chronic
liar when I was a young kid I remember
trying to be real cool when pretending
like I could speak Korean to everyone in
my class so that they would think I was
cool so not long after that we boarded a
flight in here I enjoy the world
I'm so good at geography but we lived
and we flew over to Korea and it was
really really scary
I kind of refused to do any school work
I was doing correspondence so
homeschooling
I kind of just made best friends with my
opiates online and learn how computers
in the internet worked after about a
year I went back to New Zealand to live
with my dad while my mom stayed in Korea
for a little bit longer and I thought it
was the best thing ever me and dad used
to just cook nuggets out for dinner and
have lots of fun I was really happy
because I got to go back to my old
school and one of my friends from back
when I was a young kid her name was
Chelsea she was actually on my class
life was really good until I hit
intermediate and my best friend Chelsea
actually got put in a different class to
me and again I had no friends I used to
be very very insecure because all the
boys in my class used to call me names
and say I was really unattractive and of
course while you're going through
puberty that kind of thing really upsets
you a lot when I think back on it I
think this is just absolutely hilarious
I remember for about a year I knew I
needed glasses everything was so blurry
but I refused to tell anyone because I
thought that my parents would make me
eat glasses and I was like mortified of
the fact that I was going to get called
for eyes and other nicknames such as
that my day completely understood where
I was coming from news I can i watch
Shannon you can hear some contact lenses
I was so happy
I remember being real stoked and the
holidays right before high school I
realized what tinted moisturizer was
used to plastered on my face until I was
orange so you can see any of my free
books they used to wear bright blue
mascara over that summer my makeup
skills progressively got better and
better and for once in my life people
what she started noticing me and I felt
a lot better about myself I finally had
the confidence to speak up and chat see
new people and I found a guy that I
really like to move in together for four
or five years I'm so bad I cannot
remember around this time I also learned
how to make websites and how to work
Photoshop and other things like that I
found a whole lot of new hobbies if it
was my life I had a ton of friends I was
really happy I had a boyfriend but that
was the trouble I started to get really
caught up on my boyfriend and lost the
friends I made
now we progressed to the end of high
school and in the last couple of years
of high school it was the best time of
my life I met my best friend who's still
my best friend Kelly she's so tall so I
drew myself on a little brick wall
because I'm short and we kind of bonded
over our love of photography we already
knew each other from class but we became
really really good friends in a
photography class I'm going to backtrack
a tiny little bit I remember from third
form till about fifth or sixth form
everyone used to kind of think I was a
weird girl that dressed up for school I
used to wear a lot of makeup just
because I knew it made me feel better
about myself and that's all I cared
about at the time I've been so sick of
people dissing me for the way I looked
that I just decided to do makeup and not
worry about it anymore everyone else
kind of didn't like me because they
thought I was really strange and really
vain enough myself by the internet I'm
really just a new and kiowa you're a
school I had my best friend Kelly and I
had confidence now because I really felt
great about the way I looked and I was
really happy
near the interplay still I found this
thing called YouTube and I had no idea
that there were all these girls making
makeup videos makeup became a huge hobby
of mine I no longer used it to cover
myself and hide the real me if you want
to call it that I just decided you know
I really love makeup this is something
that I just really enjoyed doing I would
search in search and search I could
never find anyone that was from New
Zealand net did these makeup videos so I
decided that I would try it out myself
the back of my head I thought you know
gosh I'm gonna give so much credit for
this but it was just a true passion of
mine so I decided to give it a go it
turns out it was the best thing I have
ever done I made so many friends and
reviewers just gave me so much more
confidence it really helped me feel a
lot better about myself none of the
friends I had at high school were really
into makeup so I was just really stoked
to be able to have a community online
where so many people could just relate
to me and I could relate to others and
we could all just support each other
once high school finished life was even
better
me and Kelly both went to join Bebi I'll
just shorten my legs a bit and we both
took photography and design and just
keeps the stuff that we're really good
at we finally thought they would've
found out falling at life and we finally
thought we'd found our career path but
halfway through the second year I just
knew it wasn't for me I was having
anxiety attacks depression and I was
just really upset all the time so
because I was making a little bit of
money off youtube and I know it made me
so happy I decided to leave beby and
continue with YouTube full-time and for
me this was the best decision I've ever
made in my entire life I am so happy
I've made so many friends with other
youtubers and with my viewers and I'm
just at a loss at the moment with myself
I also have found an amazing guy who is
so supportive of my youtube and just
thinks that it was the coolest thing
ever and he invited me to move up to
Oakland with him and I was really
excited to do that so this is like our
third baby
Hamish loves him just as much as I do so
we're really excited that we could bring
him up here with us once I got up to
Alton I finally released my makeup brush
brand which I've been thinking about
doing for a long long time the whole
YouTube experience has been the best
thing event I'm so happy I'm living up
here in Walt and I absolutely love it
but the only part I miss about my old
life is even Kellie rightly with me even
though we don't talk all the time as
soon as we do catch up it's like we've
never been apart so from the bottom of
my heart I just wanna say thank you so
much for being it with me for this
entire experience this video is a little
bit of a damnit I don't really want it
to come out that way but I just wanted
to let you know that I really do love
you you have all changed my life for the
better and I'm just so thankful for
everything thank you for giving me the
conference I've always wanted and thank
you so much for helping me make my
dreams come true
