hey guys I just woke up can you tell oh
my gosh I am so freaking tired I'm going
to go have a shower and then do my
makeup because today that's good and
maybe a little bit up in Auckland
so we fly out in just over two hours so
yeah I need to start getting ready
because I know two other things like a
lot but to me yeah when I'm trying to do
nice makeup I need at least two hours so
I've got a good hour and a bitch do my
makeup and then you know time to find an
outfit and everything because there is a
dress code it's like New York Street
chic so I think I'm just going to wear
some kind of like jeans and a cute top
and like maybe a leather jacket or I
don't know we'll see what the weather's
like happen Auckland also so the event
and is going to kick off with a whole
lot of like master classes using like
Maybelline products which I think's
really exciting to teaching people how
to kind of be like real confident to try
out your beauty trends and techniques
and everything so each flights going to
be 15 minutes long and then after that
is some like drink to DJ which I love
for you guys and I'm doing a little
small meeting great kind of situation
and then also many help some like
bloggers and influencers and stuff like
that so I'm really excited and then 20
bit in Auckland and so long my life is
just being so hectic and crazy Pitta
cancel a couple that has me to go to an
Auckland so I'm just so excited to
actually be like involved today I would
give for my like normal also tonight the
Maybelline event they're showcasing
sound like Maybelline products new and
old and to be fair I actually am quite a
big fan of Maybelline most of the
products I would say that I try from
Maybelline I do enjoy probably one of my
favorite drugstore makeup brands like if
you go back to any of my drugstore
tutorials or anything like that pretty
much every single time I'm going to be
using a bunch of Maybelline products so
I'm excited to see what there is and
play around some NIC up and getting my
hair done later so I'm not too worried
about that this morning I'm going to do
my makeup this morning but I've also got
a whole lot of makeup up in Auckland
waiting for me from Maybelline in case I
need to touch up so that's really good
so I'm going to make a quick coffee in
the year go and shower in Japan makeup
I'll show you what makeup I wear today I
don't even know what look I want to go
forward
to need a strong coffee this morning I'm
so tired I like don't go to bed early
last night we go to gym at night because
we haven't had any time to go any other
time to the gym so I don't know about
you guys but after the gym I don't
really get tired I get more energy so
it's a resultant a whole lot of legs
going to get after midnight kind of
situation and I'm the kind of person
that usually sleeps from like 10:00 at
night until the next morning
so that's why my life is going right now
good strong but I need in my life
the
the
Oh
you
I said going out of focus a couple of
times and out of show a couple times I
was like down here but I think you'll
get the overall idea let me know if you
want more like one brand tutorials like
Maybelline and stuff have done a couple
in the past but so this stuff was really
good
there is strobing liquid slaughter
bright this mascara is my current
favorite big shot volume Express
colossal seriously I don't know if you
can see how like second huge my lashes
are up to two coats
I need a tight on my lower lash line was
a q-tip okay so the time is now xx plus
nine so we've got an hour until we leave
I need to go find an outfit I think I'm
going to wear just something casual of
the plane and then get changed into my
outfit later they still need to find an
outfit and soldiers chicken at the
airport so I rest carry it onto the
plane they love this lip color to five
forty so take this with me
so creamy my lips are still destroyed
from doing lip swatches last week did
liquid lipsticks and my lips they would
sort of dry they peeled off in these
thick layers it was so messed up
well my berry is blinking so I need to
go switch this out and put this on
charge so I don't run out of area later
time to go get dressed
got a bigger a sauce package with some
new jeans in it so my trim some of these
I think on the plane I'm just going to
wear like maybe just like some leggings
and a nice comfy Jersey or something
that's quite cold outside
I know this is excessive I've no idea
what to wear later sighs Payton million
pairs of jeans a few jackets and a few
simple tops I just want to wear like a
simple outfit and I've got my black
boots and a couple of necklaces from my
wife thought speciate collection to kind
of dress it up a little on the plane and
wearing these editors moving look for my
source my slides that were five dollars
from Ruby yes I need to tie up my
clothes down there and this is from it
misguided just like a hoodie so here's
another look at my makeup today I've no
I shadow on I just kind of used the
bronzer and stuff on my eyelids the
highlighter is beaming hashtag breakfast
either you can water crystal something
but it's led us to
so we just landed on fly with delayed
40min 955 minutes so we're just waiting
for a bag of clothes and then we're
going to drive into our room at a hotel
and say my kids own straightaway because
we're pretty late
I don't know hosting so Shannon I've
just arrived in Auckland now we've just
cuts the quest hotel and Ponsonby she's
just getting her hair done so I was
always doing Shannon tear so we've gone
in with some heat design own line just
saw something protection and a little
bit of texture to plump up there here go
all we're going to finish with our hot
tool don't mine and the interior is
amazing as well it was my favorite like
the orange - yeah yeah just in that
footage on YouTube where the go Jews and
the killing on an Asian from them like
yeah I could play yeah I'm like is that
real or yeah yeah I'm trying to have it
happen I know you guys almost done oh
yeah yeah cool brushing up so you
excited for the event yeah should be
good
what's up yeah looks really good
you always want just to the chill stuff
eh you need to go fill out for long
after yeah look how amazing this little
setup that Maybelline destiny is and
love it so we've got Sydnee foundation
we've got the mast you can seal
concealers we've got the fitness stick
foundations I think these are wait what
are they oh yeah shine free fit and then
we have at the must shredding look
cleared like I'm using heaps of
stressors you know I'm certainly proud I
should quite like that and then the
pallets are so appreciate and we've got
the Nerds the rock nurses I think I hit
this one and then we've got some access
powder I want to use some of us the
master fix sitting spray she will make
up brushes from Maybelline I'm stealing
the slash it's not really stealing but
we've got some lip liners here my gosh
brows with gosh oh my gosh lip paints
falsies push-up angel lipstick so they'd
met liquid lipsticks oh my gosh so many
piece I went to my sister prom oh my
gosh I don't get this one baby skin so
many different things amazing closed it
up okay so here's my finished outfit and
I'm going to touch up my makeup a little
might throw in a bit of a brighter color
I love the way my hair turned out and
then I'm wearing my cont folded t-shirt
and then I'm wearing this leather jacket
from together from like white box
particular show called from where these
jeans and your faith sauce is so freakin
tight they're like sort of freaking
tight a little bit of a muffin top I'm
wearing a baggy t-shirt so you can't
tell from Eugene spills and then these
boots are from I think princess Polly I
believe so yes that's my finished outfit
I always look really tall I'm not all
ill so yeah there you go
I am necklace shinnok's onion clips from
Weitzel's petite so she is one of the
skin perfection refreshing it cleansing
wipes the face and eye promotes just to
remove my lip color that I was wearing
so really trial it I think I might use
Jinora season this colors really nice
like a more kind of pink sliding so
bears like this just shadows everywhere
but what do you think maybe this this is
in at the shade nude flash so the net
liquid
oh yeah that's pretty it's very move see
texture I'm going to use a little bit of
this color jolt intense lip paint on top
just a little bit for a look of shine oh
my gosh look at that brow it drama
pomade crayon oh my gosh
I'm doing seing this before I want to
try it I play this isn't a disaster I'm
sure one day particularly needed clothes
simmer it slowly
I just wanted slightly dark eyebrows and
what I hit a live this is in the shade
medium brown by the way just to the
bathrooms at the Lighting's bit of a
tease the master quantities to touch up
my clone tool and then I use the
eyeliner the hyper shop winged liner
just to darken my aligner and then I am
going to use some of the jacket Posadas
polish to deepen up my crease we would
have mixed either this one this one I
just touched up my mascara also angle is
livid I'm kind of rushing because
flatness delays so much we may just
finish the kit and I've got to be
somewhere in like 15 minutes like is the
video miss pellet pages ago like is one
brand tutorial of Maybelline with this
pill I think to letting his bed
everywhere in the social mr. Kadish must
Acosta's are starting really soon I'm
really excited to kind of see how it's
all going to go down so vlog a little
bit and yeah look do you and stuff and
I'll vlog my made-up thing to really
like that I'm kind of glossy finish I
put on my lips but this is so fun so the
Maybelline event is like literally up
those stairs behind us
so we're here Debbie now oh hey Kevin
hey guys - she is the saw haha be logic
skills
this is plan is for everyone which is
really nice looking here the master
classes were earlier system in CJ's in
he's sticking at all we need to get a
photo op units there's fun solutions and
further you come here for the math class
war or night
Hana correctly looking at a beach house
and I'm the mount yeah
later this multifold like 25 Oh No
we'll be opposed the quarterback can
adjust to the front over not at all
about going home you guys you can do
this
okay guys so we just got home thank you
so much to Maybelline for hosting that
event and flying me and Hamish up with
the best time it was so nice meeting
some influences that I've you know
followed on Instagram for a while and
they're the cutest little snacks and
that nice of snacks and champagne and it
was just such a nice day so thank you so
much I'm excited to play around some of
those Maybelline prices I've never seen
that before like I pointed out earlier
that were all may have InnoDB cuz as you
guys know I'm a big fan of Maybelline
foundations the primers and stuffs that
we get to try some new ones
Lillie missed us today two new books see
I think I've enjoyed this vlog and
tomorrow I'm vlogging - I think a little
bit Hamish is taking me away from it
there's no idea where we're going but it
should be fun so stay tuned for my
birthday week in Flast to go through
like
