hi today we're going to draw follow me
Amy's here yes sir and Danish and we're
gonna go visit I've been wanting to go
to the loo pages and home achieved a
space so today we're going the way they
have to op take me I know but you never
talk to me like last time I want to go
to the door and you're like over here
yeah yeah take you that's what yeah and
hema she's gonna do blogging today
mostly because i'm terrible at vlogging
i forget to blog and i'm gonna be too
excited all the animals
No
take that bottle let make it I was so
awkward before we went up to the lady
this lady over here and she looked at us
like we're doing something wrong but we
get bullied in their tickets apparently
you go to the effort and then yeah I
like a crumb so Amy's mad later today
we're trying to figure out where we
start rally yes a weird well thank ya
triggers honor by this bench Stavros
intelligence is let's go that's nice we
can see the chicken in the dress okay
look at that one feels a bit overwhelmed
Alison prideless this did it oh my God
look at that elephant I mean that's like
when you
don't if the walls came in on you we
can't live on your ball
without you donut the walls cave in on
you but we can't live on leap on without
you
here's a turkey hat Shannon is trying to
get inside go in Amy why he's gonna get
in dawn dawn got yes damn it she's doing
it we're never character
here is a liar oh my god alone where oh
my god we've spotted it can i zoom on
him yeah I am have to can't see him it's
a lion this toe I can't really say boy
kizi both of them where's the other one
up there or just lying down you can see
how I don't use uno
inside of me
everyone's coming on so let's don't like
chicken look at that one who's got a
weird Nick oh no they're all pretty
creepy
yeah now there but we're de each piece
drum drum yeah me my face lesbea we'll
be back
I know nothing
oh he's so smart when he aids got really
long day but he's picking something only
look doing sniffing it yeah yes I know I
don't know is you're smart it's
completely strip that Renee is eating
everything the biggest kid ever hey jump
off fall over so here's something for
failblog you know as little kids waiting
I'm not mine you're not fire not anymore
you were 30 seconds ago
bake a cake
sickness
Oh
I'm a junkie long
what they get inside
I
yeah so now to the hippo River no there
is there is they watch damn in
slow-motion that's like real life slow
motion come on he's fair look at her
sweet Heat hey man neighbor guy and he
was just woman what it looks very long
that sausage a
member
get you
blue
I go
today's scene
they're just kind of like ducks really
though right
it's just another day
I think you could see little pizza split
I like how to see it thus up though I
like a wok burner for the walkway what
oh my god we came up the stairs to this
it was just say we say with no change
books was like oh we'll get along and
this elephant comes walking there talk
Alonso a it was so nerve yeah don't like
fish does I oh it's not too bad look at
that one waters pretty bad bathing I
want the ones that are doing track hey
so looks like so much fun I don't enjoy
Monica
battle
big
I hold my breath
I toy
I stay
my god it's like a watermelon cactus
senior taught us oh really can you show
them that that tremendous with it I can
see what will admit it old mean monkey
it's a good one it's like it's got a
filter on it and then scan to look at
your they come they're gonna save them
eyes I'm in a little bit oh no he's off
to the bicycle ezza was it moving not
now was it alive oh they are alive and
he's it's nasty get out did you get goes
up no no really cuz I know get out
Shannon these are translate can't say it
stand in the vomit those are fake
they're real but in deed Oh way we
walked in here no I came in through here
and I thought it was like the translator
we look up and they like on the roof
you
you
to give you much fasho
that is actually turtle look Stan next
I'm Shannon dear Shannon we got big ears
you probably weighs more than I do
please you gotta face maybe see his face
excuse ever cross move across mubarak's
holy oh you can't visit shit
I love that they must look at us like
who are these weirdos hey buddy
please okay
hey hey
do you know what are you doing what are
you doing hi
I'll move to someone else talk yeah he
might peek here it's my x-ray I don't
know I I think he will he's got along
I've been drinking too much for sure
hangover well
mommy's tomorrow
Oh
they look so fake but in all this is
breathing don't sound legs so it looks
like a my way probably another one
coming up behind us or something we've
seen everything now so alligators are
really boring signal dating this
breathing now which I think of something
Shefford dinner and then we've got a
concert so what is it well like a club
event thing going to see super8 & tab
super8 & tab him a majestic and a lot
derision we're gonna go day later
you
