okay so this is just going to be a quick
video showing you like the stitches and
the scarring and the bruising and
everything this first footage is of
Ainslie scarring and with Ainsley's
bruising so I'll insert that quickly
here if you're a kind of you know
squeamish person then probably don't
watch this video because there is some
footage of like scars and bruises and
stuff but this is Angley scarring having
lots going for bruising and her stitches
now
and then mine this is being in the
hospital so I'll put this and now beyond
you see them good how do you measure
like my pinky finger
not even my pinky finger did it it's why
the Train twin I think J got some
footage of Ainsley's stitches coming out
so put that in somewhere soon but
basically the stitches I was so scared I
was sitting there nervous shaking
freaking out feeling sick
but the stitches to not hurt at all
coming out they literally felt like
nothing like really feel it and when I
could feel it it just felt like a tiny
little itch like it wasn't painful in
the slightest
so I thank goodness for they I was
terrified like sore terrified good
stitch good holes
they just cut take captain can take
mm-hmm
dean and that discovered it with this
which i keep on for two days and then i
just take off myself i also took some
footage of like around the hospital so i
just wanted to show you how nice and
amazing clean and just lovely it was so
i'm going to sit there now you know I
believe me a ninja tell me tell me a
star yeah tell me stuff
so yeah basically we've just got to keep
this guy's out of the Sun for like six
months
so don't go tanning without covering up
those little scars because if you ten on
the scar it's going to take way longer
to go away and if it does go away I wash
your tender it's you know harder to make
it disappear so yeah I'm just going to
put four on how I boil online I think
see how that goes because I love those
oils they're just natural oils and you
know helpless scarring and everything so
see how that goes but I'll update you
with my moving vlogs like over the weeks
and months and next year kind of thing
I'll show you the scars every single
time so you can see how they're healing
up this guy's honestly least the least
of my problems like I don't know not
even care about the scarring because it
was totally worth it I just wanna cover
quickly why I went under the boob
because a lot of people asking I don't
want to go under the armpit and
well I say I went unto the ends of the
British fold because my student
recommended it and this is why if you go
underneath the first of all obviously
it's concealed mostly mostly the scar is
like the easiest to hide and it's the
most precise way to get implants like if
any goes from it there it's very direct
you can see what he's doing and just get
perfect placement under the armpit it is
a tiny scar and who's going to see it's
under your armpit but the healing time
is much longer because obviously you've
got to cut of the armpit you can't lift
your arms or anything
and also it's a little bit trickier for
the surgeon to get perfect perfect
placement of the implant on your chest
and then I didn't want to go through the
nipple because one you can lose a bit of
sensitivity which I don't want obviously
and I don't know just forced me out
he didn't really recommend that under
the breast folder is definitely the
easiest and you can't get it done
through your belly burn if you get
saline but here he committed silicon I
wanted to look on anyway so that's what
I went with for any questions regarding
any of the scarring or anything let me
know but I just wanted to do this as a
separate video because I know a lot of
you were curious to see how big the scar
was and like what the stitches were like
via the stitches obviously did not hurt
at all and the wire that they were done
up with was so then like I'd say it was
at least in a millimeter thick I'm not
even kidding it was the thinnest wire
ever like fishing wire if it was very
very thin so nervous when she talked
about was super super gentle
I'm so lovely all the staff at the
hospital were just amazing and I'll put
a link down below to the hospital I need
to enter my pseudonym but I'm going to
do another video on that and a couple of
weeks like all about the entire process
what hospital I went with what it was
like what my surgeon was like for more
of my news is we're life so stay tuned
for that and I hope you guys enjoy this
video I hope it helped and I hope by
doing first too many people out because
I know I'm going to gross myself out
when I eat it this together thanks so
much for checking out swooshing hi
