hey everyone so I thought I'd update you
I hope you can hear me okay there's lots
of background noise and water and stuff
that in please sleep inside so so I
haven't updated you in a couple days
basically felt fantastic without the
sleep line I did have a bit of lower
back pain from sleeping like on my back
so much but I've kind of gotten past it
and I feel alright now everyday the
boobies look a little bit better and
they've school teens every now and then
always I feel completely fine that feel
killed really well today we went to the
hospital and I've got some footage then
I'm going to do in the next video which
is of the stitches coming out and like
what scar looks like and all that kind
of thing so that'll be my next video and
I'll put it up really really soon up
this way but the doctors here they're
everything help is healed really well
I've got no bruising whatsoever so
that's pretty good he's really filled
the way they're healed he's teaching us
how to massage them now
I'm going to go a little bit of
smilingly for the very tops of my boobs
so I've got a few more medication pills
to take
but I've almost finished them all I've
just got a few anti-inflammatories like
morning cause in like 2 days worth of
antibiotics - so I've almost gotten
through them all which is really really
good but it's like a separate video on
my surgeon and the hospital and my whole
experience because I am so impressed at
my surgeon was the nicest guy
superficial knew everything he was so
lovely and like an amazing job like I've
got no bruising and my scar is like so
perfectly like this straight and small
and as soon as it's healed it's gonna be
fine
I put up a picture on it so Graham the
last in the pool will be in the pool but
I was not under the water like my boobs
haven't been under the war at all some
people though you're not even supposed
to be in the Sun for a month or blah
blah but I don't know about you guys
like maybe that's what your surgeon see
but my surgeons it is fine just no sun
exposure to my scar for six months
because obviously the skull like not
favori well and I can't go in the pool
for two more days so Monday I can go
under the water completely so I'm just
been going up to like my waist my tummy
in the water just to cool down clean
somebody and everything but with their
like waterproof band-aids and stuff like
that overtop of the scar so that they
don't go
we did a whole lot of exploring without
about like all day yesterday completely
fine didn't feel sick really just get
really tired by the end of the day but I
think that's just due to the heat and
just walking around a lot
okay so I'll do a boobie shop so you can
stick this off there a bit more tan
today because they have been tanning
what they look below so you can see that
it's going to drop and come together a
tiny little bit so I did just tickling
down there not so around and out there
on my chest squishier again and I think
I don't know do you guys even care like
how to massage them I don't know if
that's useful or not if I can do a
different video on how we said to
massage them but pretty much you have to
like squeeze them like this and round in
circles push on the top push them up
push them in and basically to do it for
that let you do each one for about
ten seconds ten times or so takes about
half an hour in the morning half an hour
at night in the morning they are a bit
more tender and stuff I suppose just
because you've been asleep and then
they're moving and nighttime they're a
lot more like moveable so here we go
and from the side you can see all my
rolls I'm sorry the bloating is almost
gone because if you've been watching all
of these series you'd know that I was
super bloated like I looked about three
kilos heavier than I usually but it's
almost gone now I've just got like a
little bit of autumn leaf which I think
it's just because my metabolisms being
slowed down any reading since I've been
taking pills so
bitch
I am so happy with them and he's just
put a little pasta on top and scars just
for today that we can remove tomorrow
just with some like healing stuff on
them and the stitches didn't hurt at all
coming out like at all
so you'll see in my newsfeed I'll
probably upload it like a set so if I
can finish uploading strapless I will
otherwise to be up in like a day or so
so now I'm just going to update you like
maybe once a week or so on how they look
and how everything's going
and yeah I'm going to do a video on the
stitches things as I said adobea on the
surgeon and hospital by week two and I'm
also going to do a question out this
video so if you've got any questions
maybe follow me on Facebook and I'll
write a status on facebook my link is
down below and I'll ask you guys what
you want to know and I'll like not to
the more one here so yeah hope this
helped and thanks so much all the
support I love going onto my videos or
just reading all your comments I've read
like every single comment on every
single video I've done I haven't been
able to comment everyone that won't be
presented it's dodgy into it because
there's like hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of comments but I have been
reading them all and I've been reading
all your messages on Twitter and
everything so thank you so much I really
appreciate it
really good day I
