hey everyone's I'm doing today's vlog a
little bit late yesterday we transfer to
a new hotel we're adding about all day
long so from like really early to really
late at night and we have to pay for our
Wi-Fi so it's a ridiculous cost so if
you don't hear from me every few days
that's probably why and then I'll just
upload all of my vlogs at once like in
Australia or in you dinner when I get
back like because I've been doing follow
me and stuff so yeah dog you worried I
thought I'd just update you on the
boobies excuse my hair and everything I
literally just woke up like literally
just what I got yesterday that were
really really hard feeling like we both
felt like they were just like stiff in
hibi but it was like not much pain way
we could still go out and about we went
out and about all day long until like 10
o'clock at night or something like that
so that was fun and today I woke up and
I feel the exact same like just he bit
you're staying here softer but not very
much there isn't really much else to
update your puffs that my hair is an
absolute mess I thought I'd better tell
you about the Shapley bronzer oh my god
your purchase order per there's so we it
alike that's my natural shape of my
boobs thanks though my boobs aren't
naturally like jammed together so you
can't just put them plots like randomly
and your skin illogically of crooked
nipples they put them directly under
your boobs out anyway don't really know
what else to say you're gonna have to
write questions down below and I'll
answer them
sleeping's being a bit tougher just
because I keep waking up wanting to roll
over now so I've had to like literally
jam myself and between two pillars I
even like put one look you're talking me
and hug all into it so that I can't move
sideways we go to jeer myself in place
I've got three more days until I get
stitches out so I definitely show you
after the stitches come out what the
scars and everything looks like I can't
see like any bruising on my boobs
Ainsley here's a little like maybe that
big and Smith one of her incisions I can
read one but we couldn't find one on me
so it'll be interesting to see if I have
any hand
you know where the places and everything
uh it's really really weird when you
bend over with like dobro and I feel
like they literally just going to fall
off it's the weirdest feeling ever and
I've just been subtly like massaging the
tops them because he said don't go
massaging the Mapes until after we get
the stitches out so I'm just clean kind
of rubbing the tops of them trying to
like make them a bit soft at the very
tops and just been lifting my arms up
still to make them drop a bit
they have been changing but I'm not
going to do a bikini shot right now I
would do that my next one but they have
been dropping a bit so I'm really stoked
and I think I've gone down and swollen
sides a bit then it seemed to be a
swollen or nzc they seemed a little bit
smaller so that's pretty good I'm just
hoping they don't go way too much
smaller I think the size there right now
is pretty good so we'll see what happens
it's all I really have to say so thanks
everyone for checking up for me and what
do sound surf my croaky voice it's just
I'm very tired I hope you guys have a
really good day and I'll talk to maybe I
will do a bikini shot in this way
because this video is really boring on
the way so here there today you can see
any kind of like getting a little bit
lower in jiggly uh like I can jiggle
them around now
yeah like that's like my natural depth
like between so I'll just be able to
push them together embrace and stuff so
that it's cool I like the shape there I
think you can see they're quite high up
because I got high profile okay
I'm going to going up with less
ridiculous here yeah
