hey everyone so you have to excuse my
appearance today has been kind of tough
but so I haven't even had a shower or
anything yet because I've just been
exhausted so both me and Ainsley woke up
this morning about 7:00 we dumped
breakfast to communication all that but
we noticed as soon as we woke up we were
both like aching really badly so like
it's almost like the a thing is had us
today so basically just like really
really really tinder and like really QV
like the pressures really hit me and it
feels like our boobs are literally just
going to fall off fall onto the ground
it's really weird I just started picking
up a bit now but just being lying a bit
all day I've been here to show anything
yet because I just can't wait I'm
studying we want to think about standing
up for that long so yeah we're just been
sitting all day with ice packs I've got
these ice packs here that the hospital
gave us so we've just kind of set them
like on arches like this and then you
can just like molded around in boobie
just to help with the tenderness and it
does help so it's real good and we had
lunch Jays gone out he's gone to look
around so we've just been laying in bed
we had lunch room service and to
communication I think we just got you
out all day says well there's happening
today yeah it's not like it still is
just literally like so much if it's like
lift up your arms and sit up and just so
much like you're fit to kind of breathe
normally like it's kind of late really I
don't know it's so hard to explain not
painful just a lot more aching in this
than the last few days like even more so
then that already had so sorry if it
doesn't make sense like these drugs just
make me so wired it's not even funny
there's some questions so I wrote them
down talk to them now okay so so when I
was telling the implants last I asked
that to my surgeon he said like
generally like you can make them last
like 10 even 20 years like you knows
people they have had the same in parts
for 20 years it all depends on the
person because some people put on weight
and lose weight and so that changes the
appearance of them some people have
children which changes the appearance of
them he said if you don't have kids that
can last easily 10 years but if you have
kids obviously your boobs might grow so
you might have to get them done it yeah
words so yeah just kind of depends on
kids
weight and how good you are to them I
suppose and how you look after them when
you first get them done so I asked what
my family thinks my family is really
really supportive I told my mom and dad
ages ago that I wanted them done and mum
at first was like ah but she's
completely funded the idea now and she
supports me 100% and she understands
like what I means about my body I was
really out portioning everything so she
was fine with that she only said like
please don't come back with like a
gigantic Triple DES or anything nice my
family knows as well and like I've had
some family that have gone through
surgery like reductive surgery though so
you know that's supportive they know you
know they know what it's like to come
out of surgery and everything so they've
been texting me and checking I'm alright
and yeah they're just really supportive
so that's fine people have been asking
me what my sizes and like cup size at
the moment of no idea what it is but
it's quite big but once my boobs are
healed and drops after I massage them
and everything after that like three to
six months time from now they should be
like either full C or an average D cup
and then someone asked what Ainsley's er
she got through fifty CCS so she got one
size up for me and she is taller than me
and she got like I said she got 350 CC
so she'll probably be like a decaf like
a full day and some people ask why
that's Thailand basically because we've
heard so much about like heaps of
success stories over here and it's a lot
cheaper than getting them down New
Zealand
the doctors in Australia in New Zealand
like some of them might even they're
great anyway like button you think for
New Zealand and things like that so
Thailand surgeons are really really
qualified so that was cool and also we
can tell all the day while we're here
which is a bonus you know it's a lot
more relaxing than just going back home
and lying at home and recovering at home
like over here we get to you know like
the hotel and get room service and lots
of fun stuff and it's more later cheaper
than getting it done in New Zealand so
just May stamps and we're comfortable
doing it I suppose it's not for everyone
like a lot of people wouldn't want to
come to a foreign country but I've had
no problems and you know everyone speaks
English and the surgeon was amazing and
nothing went wrong during surgery and
the hospital was amazing and tidy and
clean so for me it was just a no-brainer
no-brainer not Brima and someone asked
how I've been sleeping after you get
your boobs done you have to like sleep
on your back the kind of obvious reasons
loose till they fully heal I think you
pretty much have to try and sleep on
your bed most the time after that anyway
but what I've just been doing is I have
two pillows at the back of my bed and
they may have one laying like right
across them like on a horizontal a
diagonal slope so alone I bet he gets
there and then I have two little pillows
on either side of me so I don't roll
around they also have like a travel
pillow like you know the little DUPLO
sometimes I'll use that just so my kid
doesn't roll side to side and it means
that I like coasters still think
someone's cutting down trees news to me
I'm gonna go sit inside now now last
thing I wanted to talk about was the
feeling of them like they're still quite
hard because they soften up when you
massage them and everything they have
kind of started to get a tiny bit softer
just from doing the arm lifting exercise
like my surgeon told me to do until we
can start massaging them on Saturday
like after we get our stitches out and
I've kind of like gotten a little bit
softer bigger they're still real hard
it's really weird so like when I show
you a bikini shot soon like they're
really hard looking like they're not
going to look like that forever it's
only going to be until they start
dropping and everything when I massage
them they look a lot more natural and
kind of like softer looking so yeah I'm
going to do bikini shots and quite a few
of the vlogs coming up now just so that
you guys can see the difference you know
while they start healing and I can see
the difference with myself as well
because you were able to see them like
reducing size and change shape and
everything so I'm going to drop in a
bikini quickly now but they don't just
go stay in this hospital thing like
computer thinks you have to wear the
slope all the time so just hop in it and
then hop back so this is what they look
like in a bikini at the moment so as you
can see they're like really really hard
and they don't really move very much but
cannot play until I can massage them
because it's like I don't know it's
really creepy man so it like the look
back from the sign you can see that's
where my incision is so got stitches and
still and they kick they come out on
Saturday so Oh show you like what this
guy's and everything look like once
those are out
and so the sightless I have stalk vivid
on me
so yeah that's what looks like and I
forgot to say also try it on some of my
favorite dresses including this one you
guys know this dress is like going a war
on New Year's and it fits me still like
I'm really fine except since my boobs
are really hard still but it just looks
kind of weird so once they soften up
it'll fit me even better but they don't
fit like so theoretically I should be
able to fit pretty much everything back
at home because those are like some of
the dresses that like those I like the
dresses I always wear and all my other
dresses like the same size if not a bit
looser around the bus so I'm really
excited about that and I'm going to get
changed again into my compression bra
and I'll do another update tomorrow
probably and I hope that you guys find
these helpful we're able to leave any
questions down below but please do start
from like the beginning of my series
because I do get a lot of the same
questions over and over again so it
would be really helpful to me if you
just watch all of them so that you know
your questions would probably already be
answered so much easier for you and me
if you can get them up stirred quicker
thank you everyone for watching and
thank you so much again for your well
wishes like they're amazing as I said
like every video I'm overwhelmed by the
support like through all my social
network links and everything like you
guys are just amazing so thank you and I
haven't been doing any following me
vlogging today because we've just been
at home as I said but I'll get onto that
probably tomorrow because I think we're
changing hotels tomorrow so okay I'm
finding it really hard to talk a lot
like breathing and stuff so I'll talk to
you tomorrow bye
