hey everyone so it's day three post-op
and I've written a little list of stuff
to talk about because some stuff went
down since the last vlog I film so
obviously as you can tell I'm out of
hospital now we were discharged it like
like three o'clock yesterday and we came
back to our hotel which is the sepal
villa it's really nice so Ang's Lee's
back there and yeah we're together again
so it's way better like being able to
heal together and relax together and
just you know all that kind of stuff so
you say I was a bit concerned about how
it was going to feel taking out the drip
needles in the waist needles and
everything I didn't think it was too bad
I just kind of breathed in and out
really really big and deep and I
couldn't really feel it they just kind
of slid straight out and it wasn't near
as bad as putting them in how did you
find it
and one was easy one got a bit stuck and
it was quite tender and the drip didn't
hurt coming out really yeah just kind of
stung so who is we have one got a little
bit stuck those how did it I've had a
bit crook after yeah um so yeah ain't I
got a couple fevers yesterday and I got
one in the afternoon like not long
before I was getting discharged so they
just gave me some pills and that brought
it down really really quickly so we got
home and we pretty much had a big net
and then after the net my set up and
sorry my arms are really sore I had like
this really big hot flash and I went to
lay down on the bathroom floor so I
thought I was going to spew and like you
know this tile so help me cool down and
I start getting really hot flashes and
see when it got me some of my pills that
they gave him to take home and like
literally like four minutes after I took
those pills I felt so much better so
they were a life stay they and we've got
a ton of drugs that we have to take like
painkillers and stuff which every single
time we take then we kind of feel really
really drowsy and like kind of sick but
they're not terrible terrible just like
a little bit of a sore stomach someone
asked me what size and everything I got
and I forgot to mention what shape and
what kind of implants I got so I got 325
CC round implants and under the muscle
and I got um silicon because our doctor
recommended it it was amazing
our surgery I saw all about like the
process of in a different video like
what happened and everything
basically we went in there and our
surgeon just started straight from the
beginning by showing us a PowerPoint of
all the risks and they all the commonly
asked questions and just everything it
was amazing and like we had like barely
any questions to ask after that he like
covered it all so it's really odd
because we noticed like squishy noises
and like squeaking when we move our arms
and stuff like that and it must be like
the fluid in our boobs it's really
awkward and it's kinda like yeah which
is really gross I hated his top he told
us not to ever start massaging them
right away because he wants us to take
the stitches out first it's on Saturday
but what he started to tell us to do is
just lift up our arms as far as we can
just to relax the muscles a bit so that
they heal like the muscles heal better
and did notice a couple more stretch
marks on my boobs I already had some
because of how I put on weight lost
weight my boobs are really like shrunk
so I hit some stretch my so I got a
couple more so I just put some olive oil
on them both of us are feeling really
really really bloated I don't know if
it's like you guys might know do you
know if it's from the drop and like all
the medication and everything like a
feeling it might just be all the pills
that we're taking just causing us to
bloat up hot out like we're just like
really really chubby at the moment our
tummies are just like really squishy
it's really funny someone asked me about
breastfeeding and yeah we can still
breastfeed that's fine of being really
really itchy where all the plasters and
everything where it started go away like
recently but yeah like just we're all
that like classes and stuff and with a
brass that's on you quite a cheer like I
don't know what it is maybe just the
seams of the bras and everything I think
that's pretty much it so today we went
for a walk around Thailand for a couple
hours and we're really considered
because we're real sweetie like heaps of
sweat down our boobs and we didn't know
if it was going to be bad or not for
them so we came back and just hang out
by the pool and we haven't put our
breasts like into the pool because of
chlorine and everything but we did just
got to like our waist
so we're going to ask the doctor about
swimming and stuff like that on Saturday
the pain today is really not that bad
it's more a hanging like every single
day it just keeps leasing this pain it's
just an aching feeling like pressure
like someone's been lying on your chest
and falling asleep last night was a
little bit difficult at first
maintains we both experienced it like
and you'd start falling asleep but then
you'd kind of wake up because your chest
was just like really heavy and letters
almost like you skipped a breath because
like you just find it so hard to breathe
in and out it's really bizarre like just
all appreciate and we kind of just
propped ourselves up on types of pillows
and we're okay and once I did get to
sleep ate a really really good sleep and
we had a full sleep like I think we went
to bed about 10 o'clock and we woke up
at about 7 a.m. I think that's about it
for today so yeah we're up and about now
and feeling really good just a little
bit nauseous after the pills and just
aching a bit but really good so thank
you all so much
yeah and if you have any questions like
for anything to do with light this whole
process just leave them down below and
I'll go through them tomorrow's and
tomorrow's checkup so I guess I'll shoot
so this is what they look like right now
my tummy is really really really like
bloated but you can see they look quite
huge still and they have almost like a
funny cone shape to them at the moment
mayonnaise they both notice like we're
like our actual breast on top is a
little bit swollen but that should go
down as the healing comes along but yeah
they look really really big I'm not used
to them and they're obviously going to
like shrink down a bit when they heal
and drop is I can massage them and
everything and I tried on a dress today
size 8 dress still fit it and they look
like a bit from sidon and that from the
front and I can still fit my same
bikinis and everything so I'll probably
do a bikini shot maybe tomorrow so you
can see but I just hope you'll keep in
mind that this isn't how they're going
to look at the in the end because even
for me at the moment they're like wool
like really big and swollen and tinder
like I just I'm really excited for when
I can massage them and you know make
them look a bit more natural and drop
and reduce inside a little bit so I hope
I covered everything thank you all for
the support and everything you've given
me has been amazing reading all your
messages on Facebook and Instagram and
Twitter and YouTube everything thank you
so so much and Ainsley C thank you as
well she saw a few comments saying you
know wishing her well and everything
so it's really amazing make sure you
leave any questions down below and I'll
talk to you again tomorrow check up on
you tomorrow bye
