hey everyone so I thought I'd update you
guys my vlog
post-op day two I suppose so I had
surgery yesterday and most of you have
seen my video that I put up yesterday
and I just want to thank you from the
bottom of my heart you guys are amazing
like so supportive and you guys really
you know since I've been here or watched
alone like Ainsley's in a different room
like reading those comments whenever I
woke up in the world and I it just made
me feel so much better and I really do
appreciate it so so so much thank you so
much and so I thought I'd update you on
what's happening today I did have a
little bit of a fever about an hour ago
I feel good now I just had really hot
flashes so they gave me some pills
immediately and I think they must have
worked and they changed my trip so I
have some more water
anslee did have a couple of fevers
during the night but she's okay now
she's been spewing a bit I think it's
because of the medication
I haven't spewed or anything I just feel
a little nauseous a couple times just
like dizzy and stuff I think it's just
all the meds as far as pain goes it's
not really painful it just feels like
someone's pushing on my boobs and like
that sometimes hurts a little bit just
breathe in and out because like there's
so much pressure but the pain kills are
really good and it's nothing super bad I
had a fantastic sleep I did wake up a
few times probably just because of our
jet lag and everything but I had a
fantastic sleep like it wasn't
uncomfortable the nurses did help me go
to the toilet and have a shower really
awkward but I mean this they do that
every day so they used to it was awkward
for me but I'm glad they did help me do
that because I feel a lot better now
that I've been you know washed and
everything because I was quite sweetie
probably from drinks you're doing
everything I have my drip and drip lines
up if you can see out there somewhere
and my hand close your eyes if you're a
bit wheezy to the stuff but it's in my
hand and I have to like blood bag things
on either side of me I'm just collecting
like the waste out of my body
and I think the doctors coming in and
about half an hour an hour just to check
on me make sure everything's ok and if
everything's okay now I'm allowed to go
home this afternoon we can just go relax
at the hotel to give that man Ainsley
the lady from Sami okay man again um her
name's Tammy I think and she's really
lovely and she is going to see me again
a few days when the doctor tells us to
come back for the consult the boobies
still look really really really big but
they're just swollen um I can kind of
show you a little bit
they are looking really really good
though like I'm not sure if you can see
it's kind of hard for me to show you but
I really like them so far and the
hospital is just impeccable it's like
the same if not better than any hospital
I've been in in New Zealand really clean
and the staff are amazing lovely I've
got my little button so I can call them
whenever I need them and they're just
really really helpful and I just had
lunch ahead
spaghetti and soup I only hit a little
bit just so I can take my painkillers I
haven't taken any exercise show I just
got like four little ones and OH
three little ones in here now taking a
second and you get them I've pretty
short your room meal so last night I
could only eat a bun all day I couldn't
eat before surgery so I hit a bun last
night so I could take my meds so I could
sleep well I was really hard to eat and
then this morning for breakfast I just
had a piece of toast in an egg it's like
a get down they did give me a lot of
food but I just couldn't make myself eat
it I just didn't feel very well as you
can probably tell a lotta people asking
me why I was crying yesterday and I just
think it was like all the drugs and the
sleeping gas and everything's taking a
toll I was talking to my auntie and she
said one time when she had surgery she
did get really emotional after the
sleeping gas and everything so it's
probably there but I am beyond happy and
no regrets and I just know that it was
the right decision for myself so yeah
I'm really thankful for your support
and I'm just really happy like I'm so
happy and I can't wait to see them
obviously I'm still bandaged up so I'm
gonna have to see them properly but so
far they look pretty good I won't know
of course until I see myself naked
pretty much but should be okay so um
I'll update you again tomorrow hopefully
I'll be as charged this afternoon as I
see it otherwise they'll keep me on one
more night but you'll find out tomorrow
what happens and I'll let you know
tomorrow if it hurts to get the IV and
the drains pulled out and everything
because I've got them like that sort of
really they like connected to my roots
the ones that are draining all the
excess blood out I was talking a stiff
city again using obsidian makeup and she
just wanted to know like how much it is
so I'm going to say this say that
tomorrow a little bit shudder brain
because I've had so many medication
drugs things and everything so sorry
about that um yeah so that's it for
today I'll update you again tomorrow as
I say the pain is really not that bad
it's nothing like I thought it would be
to be honest it's nowhere near as bad so
I'm really stoked
it's just appreciate like it feels like
someone's pushing on me and it's like
aching like the muscles are aching but
it doesn't actually feel like painful
yeah it so I really got to say so if
you've got any questions leave them down
below and I'll answer for you
and stay tuned for more follow needs and
everything as well I'll be updating you
every day this week and then I might do
one like every few days updating of how
they look and how I'm getting on and how
to sleeping just everything so I hope
that's okay with you guys and yeah thank
you one more time I love you guys so
much and I couldn't do this without you
like honestly you guys have just helped
me push through and stay positive so I
thank you so much and I'll talk to you
tomorrow bye
