hey everyone so I just got out of
surgery
um it's five o'clock and I was in there
at 1:00 so I think the surgery was two
hours so I must have been out to it for
a few hours as well the sleeping gas
stuff and I thought I'd do my first vlog
so I'm often vintages um I had my
consultation earlier I got high-profile
325 CC and to the muscle incision
underneath the breast I said absolutely
moveable right now but I must be drunk
because the pain isn't it's very like
thought it's very very Dean died like
kind of like if you work out very very
hard at the gym my muscles are really
sore they have food in front of me
haven't eaten since like when I am
yesterday so I'm really hungry but I
just can't look at it feels sick like he
about eating they said that the
procedure went perfectly and all the
staff were really really really lovely
um I've got my little buzzer just here
so um I don't really know what was like
this is the first vlog so obviously I've
been paying and stuff but before surgery
I had to get a blood test I cried like a
little baby
um and then I had to get my drip on it I
cried even worse and she couldn't get it
in because I was like just just kind of
like freaking out of flinching a lot so
she had to go like twice to get in and
she couldn't I don't really remember
even counting what the guess when I was
in there I remember looking up at the
lights and it's the surgery room look at
um
dentists nearly so I was looking up at
the ceiling and um a message put the gas
on me and I pretty much went out to what
straightaway I think sorry for the chair
boy go I can't hold up my camera really
um because of her stuff my arms are very
much better I was actually expecting
more painting this so it's not too bad
um so yeah we at 325 CC which should
give me a full C 2 a d-cup you don't
know until the end of course until the
swelling goes out and all that kind of
jazz my surgeon was really really lovely
I'll give you more information on the
hospital when surgeon and all that later
on but I just feel like crying was
absolutely fine like everything really
really well and I've got a lady
um they came to look after me well she's
like the agency lady and she came to
make sure that everything was right she
is absolutely amazing
she's like the kind to sleep lady you
are squeezing your hair but I got my
plug teeth so I'm really excited I don't
know if you can see well they look huge
um obviously like the small he's going
to go down a ton I just then but I'm
really excited to see that see the en
product and I got to trial the boo
browser
