hey everyone so today filming everyone
so today I'm doing another chit chit
know not and put on your face and put it
under your eyes
I don't even know what that noise well I
like that
ombre pink hair and since this is only
like a temporary color it's pretty much
like ash here pestle but this one here
was really cute I thought it'd be cooler
with whoops I thought of a bit cooler
where I was like this this is by Revlon
and the Caza cutter and Nick huzzah and
they color rate for blush I love to use
this blush here for blush some somedays
loving I think so except it's a lot
shimmer shimmer e'er Shh I don't even
know if it's with I also got a couple of
what are they called tangle teasers off
beautybay for blush a you
and I got like four things and it's made
my rooms pop I made an online order of
boobies now I'm going to go in with
mulch which is this clip and I'm going
to put this on so I'm going to use my
translucent
I'm going to use my translucent powder
so the first step is to quantify these
almost too big to fit on my left now
anyways so basically it looks like at
this you can see it's not yours you
can't eat it
I have to look on the website I'll put
the weight the Winx links to the website
below so you can see with fine particles
brace with a fine putty and I'm using
the Leo Ally you're doing make your last
minute minute this will be exciting
because I hit a and let's do this round
two
music another Leo Ally be my skin powder
powder comp it
oh he goes a little bit Nick we got a
break so seven years luck and I also got
another one of I got this one here I did
get last time and I got another this is
in kitten apparently this is what
tonight Leighton Meester thank you all
so much for watching I hope you guys
enjoy this video thank you all so much
for watching I hope you enjoyed this
week
