everyone today I'm doing my boob job
vila√ßa - so I'm just going to update
you on what is sorted out so far and if
you haven't seen my last video I'll link
it down below yeah and this isn't going
to be before and after video that'll be
the next one because this is the last
kind of chat vlog I'll do hopefully I'll
be able to upload while I'm in Thailand
like all the vlogs and follow meas and
like boo progress and all that but if I
can't I'll do it as soon as I get back
to New Zealand so I have all of my like
everything sorted out like my tearing
and all that I'm not going to tell you
exactly like how my doctor is or
anything like that yet I'll do it
afterwards but I don't want to go
recommending him in case he kills me I'm
sure that won't happen but you know what
I mean I have all of my Thai cash I was
able to get it all that in Auckland so I
have all of my cash sorted out for the
operation and spending money etc etc
have any of you been to Thailand I'm not
quite sure how much money I'm going to
need for like food or like taxiing or
anything like that I think I've got like
an extra thousand tie bar or something
like that but I don't even know how much
a bit need I don't really plan on
shopping too much I might buy my mom a
present over there if I find one
otherwise I don't really want to go
shopping for myself I've got so much
crap already I might buy souvenir that's
about it and then my last video a lot of
you were kind of like freaking out when
I said double D at the most but please
remember I'm only like a size at the
moment I'm only like an 8 to 18 band and
a size B so it's not like I'm going like
12 D which is a lot bigger than an 8 D
is like it's still a pretty small cup
size but for my body it's going to look
proportionate but I think I'm going to
go with a D but I'm not going to roll
out anything until I'm there and China
mod of course because and do you might
not look right you know to me like I'm
like to go to C or a double D but I
doubt I'm gonna go with a double D I'm
just not rolling it out because it could
happen a lot of people are really
concerned about like my dresses and
stuff not fitting but you know those
dresses that I wear they're like real
low-cut and my boobs look really good in
them it's only because I'm wearing like
a massive push-up bra like honestly like
2/3 of the bride is just stuffing so
what I plan on doing is taking those
dresses with me to Thailand
taking them into the late consultation
room and like train the morn with the
boot bras on so I can kind of see how
they look and how they fit because
there's ideally how big I want to be
like basically what I am now but with
the padded bra but I want to look like
that without a bra so that's my plan I'm
staying to get a little bit nervous now
I'm nervous about the needle part I'm
not nervous about the surgery at all of
course I'm only nervous about the blood
test that I have to get first and like
the little plastic thing they have to
put in me to put the drip in and stuff
like I just can't do needles so I'm a
bit nervous about that and knowing I'm
not going to have my mum or my boyfriend
there with me my cousins going to be
there but she's getting her surgery like
slightly before me so she'll be in
surgery so I can't even hold your hand
it's a little bit nerve-wracking but I'm
sure I'll be fine I'm just a wimp when
it comes to needles I found out that I
probably won't be able to exercise for
at least a month after surgery which I'm
really good at about because I am a gym
junkie I try to go like four to five
times a week and go for a good like
cross trainer station and wait session
so I'm really not looking for to that
because I don't want to get you know
lazy and I'm sure I won't I'm sure I'll
be back into it as soon as I can but you
know I mean like once you've been off so
long it's so hard to get back into the
cycle like routine of going to the gym
again I can't go for like walks I love
walking but I just feel like I needed
more heart pumping exercise but you
can't do that just because you don't
want your blood pressure raising too
much or anything going wrong while
you're healing and while your muscles
are healing and all of that and I mean
considering the amount of money I am
spending on new boobs I do not want to
risk it for something like that the
boobs are costing 4500 New Zealand
dollars approximately I'm still waiting
on the exact number but for the size
that he's recommending that's the price
if you go way bigger they cost more
which I'm not so it shouldn't cost more
but 4500 is about some and then of
course you pay the agents here fee and
you pay if is to Thailand a bit and I'm
paying for airfare so they got Costa
back so I've got to add all that and be
like paste it in my last video the FES
the Gold Coast a bit more thrown
because they're really really really
like early on so that's awesome I'm in
the Gold Coast for two days before in
two days after surgery just in case any
flights get delayed a bit or anything
like that I'm safe and I'm not going to
miss any of my flights hopefully so yeah
I'm really looking forward to it I've
got I get my surgery on the night I
arrived in Thailand on the 8th and then
the next morning you go into the
consultation and surgery and all that
kind of thing so it was really quickly
which is good because that means I have
more time to relax at the end of the
week I'm in Thailand for 10 days so it's
enough time to recover
apparently early big bump like a day or
two so I heard that I'll be up at about
and I'll be able to go for walks around
and explore a little bit just taking it
easy and course I'm so excited for that
I did have to buy a special compression
bar just to make sure that the boobs
here you'll a sit here really
interesting heal properly like you don't
want them to heal uneven or you don't
want one boob to like droop one leg you
know what I mean so you want to have a
really tight prior on I'd like to touch
your mother's right now you're never
really tight prior on so that they stay
in place while they heal and while your
muscles kind of repair themselves after
surgery you know you want them to stay
nice and just there you don't want them
drooping anywhere so I had to buy that
bro it was like a hundred bucks which
sucks but I mean I'm going to be wearing
it for ages they recommend to wear it
for like the first month or so but I
feel like I'm just going to wear it for
like three months straight because I do
not want them to go wrong you know
spending so much money you want them to
be perfect and I also bought a couple of
bras of ins in sale sports bras because
they zip up the front so I thought
they'd be really easy to get on and
they're really really like spandex here
so I thought that while my expensive is
like blue brass and the wash I can just
put those on in the meantime while it
washes and dries because they're still
really tight so they still hold them in
place and they'll be easy to get on and
off for me like while I'm healing
because I don't want to be like bending
around and twisting and stuff like that
because I'll probably be quite tender in
this whole area
I'm unsure whether they're going to go
over all under the muscle at the moment
and I have to go in and like check that
out because obviously I've been working
out a bit so I can't remember how it
goes but these reasons for going under
all over so I'll discuss that with him
on the day and then I'll get back to you
with the whole decision base having so
many photos of boobs to my computer
I have pictures of boobs everywhere and
like my boyfriend leans over any like
whoa boobs a I'm just looking at boobs
all the time
I'm worse than 13-year old boy so yeah
there's basically all of it if you've
got any more questions leave them down
below so I'm sure to cover them in my
following videos my next video I'll do a
before and after I plan on just wearing
a bikini and like doing before shots and
after shots in the same bikini so you
can see exactly what I'm working with
also a lot of people were saying I don't
need them I've got perfect boobs already
please remember I'm wearing a huge huge
whoo stuff up bra 99% of the time the
other 1% is when I'm in beard not
wearing a bra which isn't really 1% but
you get what I'm trying to say thank you
so much for the support I didn't expect
him as much support as I do here so I
just want to thank you so much like it
means a lot to me to know that I have
everyone on my side while most people
some people got really angry about it
but I mean as I said in my last video
I'm doing it all for myself
I'm just doing it to make myself feel
better so I want to be more important I
don't notice that comparing myself to
other girls like this sounds really bad
but it's not a bad thing I'm about to
say like my body shape I have like a
small waist I've got white hips and I've
got like more broad shoulders but I've
got my boobs so I need to balance out my
hips and my bum in my shoulders that's
just what I want to do I don't want to
go like top-heavy
I don't want mess of tits I just want to
be balanced within my shoulders and
balance within my farm and my hips and
then just have my waist smaller just
have a nice curvy figure so yeah thanks
for listening any questions right on
down below I'm all over the place in
this video I never really write down
lists or anything of what I need to talk
about in videos so hopefully I've
covered everything I was trying to cover
I hope you have a really good day and
I'll talk to you soon bye
