company oh really my lips bleed
overnight they're starting to known as
did not really I'm like cause like this
starting to hell no I look a little bit
better yeah yeah like that way yeah he's
everything last night that was so
screwed up and they're really sore today
they're just got my Lebanon oil this is
like a mishmash you're critical to
fighting power it's a lonely feeling
right beautiful perfect we're going to
dug itself so I've never seen this
before hand maggots on every kind of
token you know like at some what are you
doing is there going to be like overseas
over the coin one - to do another fries
and even all my like friends go and buy
them like John went and bought them
they're so good they taste like fish
fingers mixed with chicken burgers which
is what they do you actually do so good
look actually this looks the lighting so
bad in my room you can feel the plane
coming in hi yes so cute we're filming
mouthing um for Sally's channel okay I
know so this is like new sorts or
Brinkley and it's just disgusting I hate
it and they didn't see me clip so spices
in clips Newtons England anyway Sally's
gonna turn me into her so chanath what
we're going to cry right up it might
like yeah you everybody honk OH like
right now this one's dot on the other
cameras okayish but hi guys my name is
Shannon Joe just got no ring to it
whatsoever
okay I'm they need Magdalene I know it's
flopping hey sit up sit up fish do you
think we look the same I say shape so
different oh but the make happen stuff a
little bit on your video from Fulton
yeah it does
we're like it's not the same lighting
Villiger just circus she's my Cronin
Isaac looting yep
your bigger house in EQ just again thank
you so now we're going to go into town
we're going to buy
Nina longstraw hopefully and buy some
flowers and a gift for loans to bet they
to delegate Lu such a little stud muffin
he owes this face in the Sun oh he's
posing so so close the cameras on him
just cute CF finished filming we're
going to do mine today to sell in to me
but that took so long
we're gonna film again tonight anyways
and exactly okay we're going to so much
drunk area with awesome dick Shahs okay
the old cake offer a brand Baker a bit
like the most horrendous thing I've ever
bowled a exam we can succeed through it
is it too soon
I'm totally with this enough I wonder
who would scrub simple and caboose yo
there's everything
I think we both got they didn't from Kay
mother that literally looks like Tama
Eric and the stores will be down the
party I'll wear the long one here
Sally's buying me I want them but like
why did you think I think it makes it
almost my fingers we're not dying
I kind of find them make a long straw so
I'm getting really upset that maybe we
need to ask them but I get scared of
asking stuff stuff but they have books
and spoons and anymore understand we're
discussing glue and that's what a
certificated yes I just wonder do you
see dirt
good look hey guys miss Kelly just doing
a review on the lathe set of expected
values these are vegetarian vegan I
check the gradient they're really spicy
I can only look five at a time
but I'd say that there's a Pringle
because they play four feet into the
tomato wanna season she's going to do
I'll show you an example we'll do some
torches they say there is a single or
the trio I mean done single sharp
realistic Joey like for needing more
than this because it's on my flavor of
the head in a juice well you can see
it's really pigmented I've got a nice
amount of spice in there so overall I
really recommend that for Michael Mills
morning everyone just got back from
getting a blood test or making some
matcha green tea and some avocado and
eggs for me and Hamish the other color
is a little bit see if I'm good pick
around it and I want to waste it these
cost like we're going to five dollars
each the moment and my beautiful flowers
from my folks which people will open I
need to go through and like remove the
little seeds so they don't stain as a
bench they look so pretty though I love
them these ones are super pretty
elephant water's boiling it's time to in
30 X and 6
my battle scars just kidding this is
nothing a bit a lot of people go through
on like a daily basis that's why I'm
just like suck it up ssin and it's fine
I said to take my b12 again and it's
definitely time I'm super overdue for my
shop but they want me to get a blood
test before I got it
so hopefully once I've got my b12 shot
I'll feel a lot more productive with my
video editing and stuff like I've been
editing but I get so so distracted and
just like I can't concentrate on what
I'm doing it takes me twice as long as
it should
how am I going to attempt to make this
oh god
I'm spilling it everywhere I'm following
the instructions dad I usually use a
whisk in my nature whisk until it starts
of profit reduce bubbles ankle with your
bench the swings from being a cue cup to
a very stressed looking cup looks like
it's witching or something whatever I'm
just going to unscrew stir that define
taste amazing I just like my maturity
plain like I've had it at cafes Micra
like milking it and stuff I hate it like
that I just like it with boiling water
for not blowing a little bit like hot
water I feel so gross after they blow
test we're going to go to the gym but
hey machines assignments and hsla
once I've gotten my blood test I'm like
I just feel gross and diseased and so
would be world's biggest whimper this
week I have a meet-up on Thursday and
all claims and I just check the flights
and that's messed up that flow and me or
blank Spanish small farmers to north
- awkward entity of the opposite way
around cuz obviously I love and
published often need to fly to Auckland
not flight Palmerston North
so I imagine she's like holy freaking
crazy think gosh you noticed
don't know how they went past like all
of us so thank goodness I told it
otherwise to hold me up with him ruined
everyone would have been raring to go
and open the theme there so I will
definitely vlog see you on the day so
yeah it's a stapling I'm quite excited
about it and I'm gonna get my hair then
do my makeup with labeling stuff and
yeah I'm pretty excited and then on
there's no that is busy on Friday how
much take me away from a good day which
is a surprise
because I just going to go away from my
birthday this year because I don't
really want anything I've got everything
I need so I was like just take me
somewhere so it's a total surprise I
think I'm going to vlog a little bit not
tons because it's like I don't know
romantic getaway you know just on pega
Maria and I'm trying to focus on editing
it this year almost finished it by
keeping sidetracked a little bit 12
can't concentrate on anything so I'm
almost done the footage was so long it
was like an hour and a half and I've cut
it down to half an hour which isn't
ideal it's still such a long video but
whatever let ever oh I have these and I
really like them the key Kylie I like
the black one I just wanted to see
what's new on here other ones I like be
fun be cool
sally has interracial it's really
getting them to persecute wait I have
there I think do the ones I had that I
love so just for now oh my gosh my Felix
through this glue p'frank ponytail hit
me so it's got back from getting my
entomology done and then got a text from
my nurse like when I was just finishing
up she's like you know come in 312
please schedule an appointment
so I'm actually got in today same day it
was simple I was actually lower than
when I first started going in 312 which
is interesting so yeah she's a yeah just
regardless from now I'll just come in
every three months we'll just give you a
shot because this time we didn't go in
three months like she wasn't get a blood
test we'll see where you write so it's
good I got that hello bitch so bad
source of it it sucks and it still hurts
like throbbing got in my butt because if
it lifted in my arms from my experience
anyway now I'm home again I finished
editing at two videos one of them was
just a blue bursitis that wasn't really
much getting involved I finished my full
face first impressions as well so now
I've got a few other things to do some
extra Beauty pictures I have to pick up
some stuff for a ball I got contacted
I'm from like a hostel kind of situation
and they need to place for a school ball
name am I going to sing them so mix or
be lashes and just some makeup and bits
and pieces that I have in the bathroom
and I had a lot at the moment because we
just actually seem like a mess of box to
look good feel bitter but I do have a
whole lot of stuff
bathroom still like I say not much but
it's still a lot they all go through
that and put some desert island in water
spillage I want to make a roast video
cell for dinner there's no point for us
to do groceries this week since we're
going well I'm going Thursday Friday
we're going tomorrow night looking like
a family dinner tomorrow night so we're
only here a couple of nights
sweets we're just going to eat out of
the cupboards and like find stuff we
don't really have that many fresh fruit
and veg but we've got stuff in the
freezer so yeah I'm going to make a raw
veggie salad so I will look at it - yeah
that's pretty much what we're doing now
I need to put up a vlog oh my skin's
been quite nice to me lately but I do
have a whole lot of blackheads on my
nose can I focus so I thought I would do
a poor strip tonight do we go below to a
poor strip a face mask later and show
you guys the gross junk that comes out
with fun it is 5:30 and Hamish is making
me go to the gym I okay
I covered me I haven't gone to the gym
at night in years hair measure I swear I
always go in the morning or at lunchtime
how do you feel about making me sister
see you soon babe hey Maura might just
do it later top the gym this is from
wrong way your shorts are from at
Giles's did so need to be making a
refugee seller today is given duty now
we're at the gym for a long time there's
like a live DJ the social on was quite
cool the sponsor instead of make your
speeches so now I'm going with other
pizza by the way I put brow stuff on
looks really bad I didn't really realize
till now to put all my eyelashes to my
favorite pizza is Hawaiian pineapple
does belong on pizza that I get rid of
the ham and then I add a Olli and
stuffed crust my dreams
alright tell me the truth mother stuff
and put some aside for the girls their
bull stuff like this will come in handy
I think so I don't know make sure you
guys why donate because and I just did
to take it the wrong way and thank you
kernels and stuff going to screw it
today so it's kind of boring so firstly
to show you guys so we still regret load
of stuff here so so much stuff here new
soldiers you donate to a good field beer
and stuff here but please see another
huge box so
really to worry about doing it right now
um so I think there's about 20 girls
going into the ball from this particular
local school whatever equal a situation
Homer my manager I was communicating
with them for me some sort on busy
lately so we've got translucent powders
got lip products it's enough lip
products for at least one each so
hopefully there's like tell those people
I just kind of chose colors that I knew
were quite good for proms and balls and
stuff like braids neutrals like mods and
stuff like that and they will brand-new
lots of double ups from companies like
your cities hips and molester because
this super generation to me like
everything all the time they're so
amazing so I think you mellow if you're
watching you're going to make some girls
days absolutely there's also some iconic
donation sticks which I really like and
some tart ones that I've tried to find
all sorts of skin tones because I've no
idea what the skin tones of your honor
got the Kim K contour sticks in all the
different shades and some other
foundations some highlight is some
palettes like I've got some BH Cosmetics
and chichi machine XO palette contour
palette so out of breath right now storm
surrounds and hails from some random
pierced like shine spray so some more
highlighters I've got at least in
mascara fer I think there's like 20 to
scare something like that there 20 at
least and made sure it's great like a
whole heap of them I might roll cuz I
ain't sore be mascara
believe it or not there's many more to
some Kylie knows this and my favorite
concealers there's some lighter ones
medium ones darker ones so hopefully
they can mix and match anyway lots of
brow products lots not the look products
cheap products there's more eyeshadows
it's a few fragrances over here and yeah
hopefully I'm not forgetting anything I
think we're pretty good pretty well
covered sorry and I'm sure they will
really really love playing with all the
stuff and appreciate it a lot makeup
since Bruce eyeliners which girl is
that's not the face mask so they can do
like a face mask before hand it's always
nice to do before you get ready a few
brushes and then tomorrow dick sub you
add in some lashes and glue in
maybe some brushes and just bits and
pieces like that so yeah I want to be
able to do this if it wasn't for you
guys so this is all thanks to you guys
as well and don't worry - all of you
guys out there watching this living room
there's lots of Giveaways coming I just
remember how freaking expensive it was
for me to go to the ball back in the day
I'd buy everything on sale I could get
my makeup or hair done professionally so
yeah I should totally emphasize I wish
I'd give every single one of you guys
out there makeup and stuff for your ball
unfortunately I cannot bear at least I
can give a few people the stuff it's so
nice that we can actually help charities
and stuff through makeup all superficial
makeup oh but it really does make so
many people's lives so much better and
so much happier yeah time for me to go
sharks on squid eaf and past from like
digging through all the stuff remember I
pencils these are amazing when I went to
LA I visit is live glam they gave me my
Cape so there's some double ups in there
yes lots of double ups I love these
mellow lip paints they love the chubby
sticks by Clinique some neat print
things and I've tried to pick a few like
more natural things as well as it goes I
don't like to wear too much makeup like
the chubby lipsticks and stuff like that
so yeah hopefully they enjoy our
interface bronzers and highlighters over
there - you're a no strip term
I really dislike the two paths to the
leaf little blue dots losers it's so
weird
with color changing technology
okay so the girls but just by
and now I like to finish with a clay
mask just to get rid of any excess kind
of crap off my nose and help to shrink
my pores back down so I'm using this
Apple mint fresh mask skin at 79 it says
this wash off mask with fine and scrub
particles deeply cleanses Diskin cells
and waste I guess it means like symbols
and stuff and it's meant really formula
soothing effect care stressed skin
Amazonian white clay keeps your skin
clean and clear with relaxation baba
wawa witch hazel for pore minimizing and
maintains a soft skin texture giving
tensions on your skin anyways I like
this because it's like toothpaste so
your face it's like makes you feel
really fresh and clean and it's got
little scrub bits in it to help kind of
scrub your skin and get ribbony you know
dead skin cells and so that's really
nice yes salad looks I just going to put
on my problem areas because the rest of
my skin feeling quite nice tonight so I
don't really need it everywhere else I
just washed my face with your own stuff
so yeah it's time to dry it kind of
reminds me of the Glen blow when it
dries it kind of sucks out the cry feels
good use a little scrub it and it feels
really really like cooling and like
fresh
