hey everyone excuse my crazy lion here I
just hit it up in a bun and I let it
down my brush is on the other side of
the room and I can't be bothered getting
it I'm just rockin Missy here for a
minute I decided to another advice video
I did get a few emails on some issues
that people had this one really
interested me I don't think this videos
gonna be very long but from now on I
would really really love to see what you
guys think down below also like if you
want to respond to the person who wrote
in and give them your two cents then go
ahead I mean everyone has different
advice and other people might think of
things to say that I didn't say you guys
might completely disagree with me which
I suppose it's fine because your own has
their own opinions but I mean I just
hope that everyone's supportive rather
than no one gets really nice or anything
we're all friends here and we all want
to help each other out so I reckon it
would be really cool if you guys joined
in and just supported our friends here
on YouTube okay so this person here
emailed me
they say passion I watched your advice
video I saw that you put an email in the
description and I really need your help
okay so this is something I'm not going
to tell my family they will just say
move on but I won't be able to so anyway
me and my close friend like the same guy
he's really cute and funny I just can't
stop liking him we're all in high school
and today in class he came over to me
and two of my friends myself and my
friend who likes and we're both there it
was kind of flirting with both of us but
mainly her I got really jealous but kept
it inside I need advice I hope you can
help I've kind of got to be harsh right
now most guys basically want as many
tricks as they can get let's be honest
especially guys going through puberty
their hormones are raging that they do
not have one girl and their mind most of
them not every single boy I'm not saying
that but by the sounds of this guy he
sounds a bit like that they do not have
their future in mind they don't have you
know I want to get married and have kids
and their mind yet they all they care
about is I want to get as many girls as
I can and experiment and you know blah
blah blah
basically he sounds like a bit of a
heartbreaker you see that he flirted
with both of you but mainly her I know
that's really hard I've been in the
situation myself before I've been in
this situation where me and one of my
friends have liked the same
and honestly it's like just bad news I
feel like you should really just have a
talk with your friend if you want to be
friends you need to sort this out I save
it because I am vain in this situation
where a boy has broken up one of my
friends a nice friendship because you
know the guy just comes straight in
between you two you need to decide
what's more important your friends or
some guy you have a crush on especially
if this guy is hitting on you and your
friend he's not the kind of guy you want
to be with at the end of the day you
need to just keep him in the crash zone
like sure you can admire them and oh my
gosh she's so cute and blah blah blah
but you do not want a guy that hits on
you and your best friend as a boyfriend
you want to be with a guy who has your
neurs minding you only and you're the
love of his life and you know you're the
only girl that matters to him not your
best friend if you sit down and chat
with your best friend and she still
wants to get with him you need to kind
of like think about that like if this
boy is more important to your friend
then you are you need to kind of you
know take that into consideration if you
know what I mean such a hard thing
especially when you're going through
high school and things like it sounds
horrible but you do go through a lot of
friends because it's really a kind of
time of life we establish who your real
friends are and who your real friends
aren't I lost and made so many friends
during high school I lost some friends I
never thought I would like to be
separated from I made some really
unexpected friends that I'll now have
have for life basically what I'm trying
to say is don't get with this guy he
likes your friend he likes you it's
confusing it'll break up your friendship
at the end of the day whoever gets with
them if either of you do if neither of
you get with them and you both just
chuck them into the crush zone ignore
anything he says to you they're slightly
kind of like flirty or anything like
that
you guys aren't strong enough just to
tough it out you know what I mean like
at the end of the day and it's just a
guy there are gonna be tons more guys I
know you say that you don't think you'll
be able to move on but trust me like
I've kind of hit those thoughts before
like when I was a lot younger you have a
crush on a guy and you're like oh my god
I just want to be with him you know you
think about him all the time like you
know you have like a crush it does pass
trust me like when you move on like if
you're still
school you know when you move on to uni
or you move on to a job
everything changes like there's so much
change in life in relationships come in
time like the right relationship will
come to you I hope I don't sound like
too much of a bitch in this video I'm
just trying to be really honest because
I don't want anyone to get hurt and I
just really do not want you to lose your
best friend over something as silly as
like a guy if you've got anything else
to add onto this like anyone that's
watching this and thinks they have some
bitter advice or some different advice
then write it down below I'd like to
hear it hope you guys have a fantastic
day I hope this helps someone out I'm
sure this girl isn't the only one in
this kind of situation hope you guys
have a fantastic day and I will talk to
you soon if you've got any questions or
if you want some advice just inbox me I
