everyone so today i am doing another
question and answers video because i
decided to answer some of the questions
you lift me in the downbar of my last
question answers video which I'm sure
you can search for on this channel first
question sorry if I look down i'm
reading off my computer on my lip
username toprol loves beauty 07 said
what would you rather be a giant mouse
or a tiny elephant I would rather be a
tiny elephant just because I think
elephants are like amazing creatures in
general and how cute would a tiny little
baby elephant be like I probably get
squashed or stood on or something and it
wouldn't be very fun but I just think
that would be cuter than a gigantic
mouse although I do love mice I used to
have pet mice when I was a little kid
mr. DD Oh 51 hours do you like frozen
yogurt or ice cream and what is your
favorite flavor I love both my favorite
flavors of ice cream include a
hokey-pokey because I'm boring I love it
God rush I love rainbow flavor can
anyone tell me what rainbow flavor
ashkan it should taste like though like
the rainbow swirl it kind of just tastes
really fruity and bubblegummy I'm not
actually sure what flavor it is also
really love goody goody gumdrops but but
I don't actually like the gumdrops I
just like the ice cream like the blue
part frozen yogurt is like a favorite of
mine I hardly ever have it but I am
obsessed with it and anyone used to have
those go get things that were like in a
tube like a little rectangular pouch and
they were just delicious I don't even
know if they still sell them but if they
do I should probably buy some I love
mango flavor the best Melissa asked how
old are you I am 28 n 21 in august
august the 12 no delicious 101 s would
you go skydiving I'd like to say yes i
would go skydiving but i feel like i
would chicken out last minute i feel
like i would do under the law ones but I
just AM so paranoid like I feel like I'd
just be like oh my gosh what if my
parish it doesn't fly out blah blah blah
I'm just like that I've done some kind
of scary things like I didn't like
bungee swing which was scary enough for
me I don't know I think one day I'm
gonna make myself do it or at least go
bungee jumping a beauty blog asked one
of my favorite movies I sometimes really
dislike this question just because I
like so many movies and my favorite
movies is up I know that much but like I
try to think of movies i love and i just
can't think of them as an amazing
movie though I love animated movies I
also love like all the paranormal
activities they scare the crap out of me
I love them so much I love things like
Laura biting citizen I love comedies
like bridesmaids I love to dinner with
the schmucks or dinner with smut
schmucks I can't say they would know
just all that kind of thing um yeah
blonde du 256 eats asked if you could be
a man for one day what would you do feel
like you do the obvious like check out
you know you can't even deny that you
wouldn't do that like I mean if a guy
tuned into a check for a day I know what
he'd be doing I want to know what it
feels like to shave your face and what
it's like pings standing up that is such
a serious question I don't even know
like I don't know I tried drinking beard
see if I liked beer all of a sudden
kareena asked what food treats toys x0
do you buy your puppy and where do you
buy it all and what kind of shampoo do
you use to bathe him i use i think it's
called oatmeal and honey shampoo because
it's meant to be the gentlest on poodles
and he's like half poodle i use their i
got it from animates i get all those
toys from animates he loves like the big
cuddly toys I feed him you can know the
puppy food and what was the last part or
treats I give him I'm not sure what they
call but they're like the big bones and
they clean their teeth and you get them
from NIH they're like three dollars each
he absolutely loves them he goes mental
over them so that's what I give him I
don't give a sh sh mecos or anything he
really doesn't like them I've tried so
many different types of treats he just
doesn't enjoy them he actually loves
like his favorite treat in the entire
world are ice cubes like he goes mental
/ ice cubes hip slightly loves chillin
on them and looking them and that's just
his thing here's an odd puppy
love of shoes 1400 asked what would you
call a girl in a boy like babies for a
girl I absolutely love the name le or L
I love the name L especially like a el
le so pretty and cute and simple I just
have always liked that name for a boy I
like a really basic names like I kind of
like hunter I like really basic names I
don't know like my friend dip her baby
boy is named Riley I love that name boys
like it's funny because when I have kids
I am praying and praying that I have a
boy I want a boy everyone I know what's
girls and like their iona it go so she
can play with makeup and blah blah blah
I just want a boy don't even ask me why
I just I love baby boys this slow
dorable I do not want kids for a long
time yet though like having a puppy is
bad enough toilet training him and stuff
and some sleepless nights but he just
starts to cry and bark and all that kind
of junk all night don't expect to be
seeing babies from me for at least
another five years medicine asked where
is one of the places in the world you
would most like to visit my love to go
to Thailand which I am in a month anyway
I really want to go back to Japan I love
Japan i want to go to Tokyo really want
to go to the United States like la those
kind of places i want to go to Canada
one day I want to go to like all over
Europe like I've really been to Ireland
in England I really want to do Venus
France Italy like that kind of thing and
the last question i have here is by
taylor purple twin and it is what do you
do at the gym at the gym I like to do a
cardio first I usually do between 20 and
30 minutes it looks like four times a
week and I will just do it on quite a
hard resistance or I'll do like really
low resistance and then really high
resistance so I'll do like three minutes
slower through minutes hearth room it's
low three minutes hi and that burns all
the calories and gets a lot of muscle
going as well but yeah generally I like
to keep on a bit of a harder resistance
because it really helps to tone your
legs and lift your butt I also use the
league pushy weight machines a little
the weight machines and just that kind
of junk plate the arm machines I don't
like free weights I like the like
assisted way so those are the things I
kind of do I'm thinking about doing like
a video if I ever go to the gym and no
one is there like just kind of filming
what I do and doing like a whole video
on it but yeah it's kind of hard doing
that because you're not really supposed
to film in there anything like that so
that's it for today I hope you guys
enjoyed it remember to leave your
comments down below your questions or
anything like the random topics blah
blah blah blah it all adds them in my
next Cristiano answers video so I hope
you guys have a really good day and i'll
talk to you soon bye
