hey guys so today I'm doing a chatty
video all about my bloob job that I am
planning on getting so first of all I
need to start out straight up and say
why I'm getting it because a lot of
people are very discomforted by the
thought of me getting a boob job number
one I'm doing it for me I don't care
what you know an hour says I don't care
about what my boyfriend sees what my
parents say what society says what you
guys say what my best friends day
although generally all of the above are
supportive of their choice of mine I'm
doing it for myself
I'm only doing it because I have wanted
to do it I made the decision myself that
I wanted to do it I'll tell you soon why
I want it done
please don't get confused I'm not like
worried about what other people say my
boyfriend says that I look fine the way
I am but I just want it for myself the
reason I want it is because after I lost
weight my boobs took the hard rough
yards of it before I lost weight I was a
size 10 and I had big boobs ish I was
like definitely a size D then when I
lost weight okay turned into what I am
now I'm now a size 6 to 8
New Zealand sizing and I am a tiny be
like I could almost get away with
wearing a if I tried in fact I could
wear an a-cup if it wasn't headed but I
wear Pettitte B's there is and lots of
people probably think I don't need a
boob jobs because I go everywhere
wearing a massively push-up bra like the
maximizing booster bras I'm not super
insecure about it but it's my body and
it's something I've always thought about
doing and I've got the money for it
right now I've been saving for ages and
ages so I think why not I'm doing it for
myself I'm also doing it with my cousin
who wants it done as well the same kind
of reason so that's basically my
reasoning not that I have to justify to
anyone else I mean if I want it I want
it no one who really stopped me but I
just thought I'd clarify it because a
lot of people seem to think that I'm
doing it because other people were
teasing me about it or something like
that but that's not the case at all it's
completely my own decision you know I'd
ask that's thinking of getting a surgery
please make sure that it's the exact
same like don't go doing anything to
your body because someone else tells
your because society tells you to do it
do it because you want to do it yourself
so I'll tell you a little bit about what
it plans so far so I'm going to it done
on the 9th of March and I fly to the
Gold Coast on these 6th I think of March
and then we flavor to Thailand on the
8th of March I'm getting it done in
Thailand it freaks a lot of people out
there like oh my god you hear so many
horror stories about can your boobs done
in Thailand or etc just remember that
you only ever ever ever hear about the
bad things that happen like they're not
going to make a documentary and say oh
my god look at this 10 woman that went
to Thailand got amazing boobs for half
the price I've done so much research I'm
going to put down below the link to the
agent that I'm using I'm using an agent
to help me out because they do this for
a living
they help girls sort out what they want
done but their bodies you know lipo
reconstructive augmentation teeth you
know everything and then they help them
fly over to Thailand get it done
deal with them every step of the way so
we have like people there with us that
help us out we're seen a really nice
resort the whole time really high-class
high quality like it's sanitary it's not
like we're going to be in some Slumdog
like hospital you know what I mean like
everyone just hears the bad things but
you really did do research before you
say that one place is horrible so yeah
it did heaps of research over a long
period of time and I'm really happy to
do this we're going DVD it don't pick it
I think I'm pretty sure it's Phuket I've
got my surgeon sorted the sizing what I
had to do is because I'm in New Zealand
my cousin actually goes to the agent cuz
she lives on the Gold Coast and that's
where the agents are but since I'm here
in New Zealand I am doing everything
kind of like white emails so I take
photos always have it was so awkward
like bending over with my boobs dangling
down and like take photo isn't it side
on and then it up with my hands in the
air and all sorts of crap so awkward and
I was like doing with my camera on staff
time because I didn't want anyone else
taking photos of me like that like I
barely even let my boyfriend to see my
boobs because there's how much I really
just hate them now I just don't like the
shape now I just because I've lost
weight they're kind of like deflated and
terrible I just want them to being nice
basically I want them to be how they
used to be before I lost weight so I
don't want gigantic titties like I just
want to balance out my body I have quite
a big but for my shape not like I show
you guys that but I do like if you see
me my underwear a bikini my ass hangs
out and got nothing on top so I just
want to
of even it all out and have my body a
bit of a flattering more flattering
shape anyway I was kind of getting off
track here but the reason I was going
into that was because you did those
photos and you see them to surgeon over
in Thailand and he evaluated the photos
awkward and then suggested what kind of
cc's I want in cc's are basically the
measurement in which boob like
enlargements are measured so I think he
said for me in between like tonio 50 and
375 or something random like that I'm
thinking like between 300 and 350 maybe
but I'm not gonna make up my mind so H
they go to the office and try on their
boob brothers to see what's going to
suit me and what suits my butt so I
don't want big huge boobs with not much
else if you're not Emil I don't want
huge boobs I just want regular slightly
big boobs so I'm thinking I want either
a full C or a full D I don't think I'd
go double D but I don't know until I try
them on I doubt I'm going to go double D
though that's quite big so yeah I've got
all that sorted paid for my ear fears I
got really cheap flights to the Gold
Coast was only 300 bucks and then the
agent sorts everything else out like
they just give you a total price for the
flight so Thailand and blah blah blah
and then I actually have to take the
cash to Thailand for the actual surgery
and you give the cash to the UM like the
hospital so I have to get out a whole
bunch of money to do that
next rule surgery I think is costing me
to the four and a half or five and a
half grand for the actual surgery like
New Zealand Dollars I can't remember
exactly but I'll do another video with
the costs and all that crap for the
incision I'm going to be going
underneath my boobs I think because
under your armpits I heard that the
recovery tonnes a bit more obviously
because you cannot lift up and down as
much I want to go through the nipple
just in case I lose any sensation or
something goes wrong I can't breastfeed
later on so I'm definitely going on to
knees because I want to be able to
breastfeed one day if I ever decide to
have kids which I don't even know if I
want kids well I'm pretty sure I want
kids but having a DA loggers freaking
bad enough with his yelping in the
middle of the night I feel like a mum in
like potty training him it's just
terrible
yeah I don't really know what else to
say in this first vlog but if you've got
any questions or anything leave them
down below so that I kind of know what's
talked about each vlog and I'll keep
updating you the suitors stuff happens
and then I'll do before and after videos
like in my bikini so you can see like
well it looks like I'll do vlogs while
I'm in Thailand
and I'll do like vlogs afterwards like a
week later two weeks later a month later
two months later consider et cetera so
you can see how they changed because
they do drop I'm thinking about getting
silicon I think isn't implant because a
lot of researches show that silicon
doesn't actually do anything to your
body really you're getting redone like
every 10 years or less than that so I
don't know the only reason I'm not
totally keen on saline is because I'm so
scared that it'll pop I know someone
who's got saline and like one pot saline
doesn't do anything once it's in your
body like it's completely harmless it's
just salt water but the boob literally
just deflates like instantly and I don't
want to be like walking around with
white one flat Berber one big boob until
I can go back and fix it up and
everything's kind of awkward and oh if a
silicon implant ruptures it doesn't go
anywhere because it's just like gum like
gummy it just kind of stays in place so
you do get a little bit of pain but you
just go get a fix you'll at the same
it's easy to fix blah blah blah on by
the way if anything goes wrong way once
I get back to New Zealand they'll fly me
back to Thailand at their own cost and
fix it so I don't have to worry about
all their chairs you really need to sort
out tribal insurance I'm not sure if I'm
going to pay a bunch for tribal
insurance because I'm getting surgery or
not so it's something have to look into
and I have to be stuck getting out cash
like Thai cash because I'm gonna need a
lot of cash anyways yeah as I said just
leave me questions down below figure out
what to talk about in the next ones but
yeah I know this is going to be a
controversial video or like series of
videos because a lot of people don't
agree with plastic surgery but as I like
to say it's my body and it's my money I
mean if you want to do it you've got the
money to do it you're happy to do it
then do it
if you if you're doing it for yourself
my body in my business I love my body
for what it is but if I can fix it and I
want to fix it I'm gonna fix it I don't
think there's any other things I want
done someone asked if light I think they
think I'm going to give dicta to it I
want to get like all sorts of places
dude you're dumber than that if I was
making anything done it would be my nose
because my nose is like crooked from
where broke one time but it doesn't
actually bother me like anywhere near as
much to actually go on to the knife to
forget fix my boobs are the only thing
that I'm really wanting done especially
now that I'm working so hard at the
German everything be really nice just to
have my body light exactly how I want it
well how it used to be
spoilers except this chubby it's just a
shop when you go from having nice boobs
to nothing and they're not so nice
because I'm just deflated you like
you're not I mean like it's just
horrible so that's the reason I'm doing
it and if you hate it then I'm sorry but
it's my life and it's my choice
and I don't really know what else to say
I mean if you don't like it that's fine
you don't have to watch it's not
changing me as a person it's not
changing my personality I'm still me I'm
still gonna be doing makeup videos like
you know what I mean so yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you have had
your boobs done let me know down below
your experience and everything I'd love
to know if you're thinking about getting
anything done also let me know let me
know if you've got any questions and if
you absolutely hate the idea of this
entire thing happening then just please
ignore these videos they're going to
have like boobs or bringing the title so
you know it's going to be about if you
guys have a fantastic day I'm going to
be doing a video response video soon and
a tag video soon some follow me is
because Carissa is coming not my next
one's a problem before Emmys being but
yeah I don't know if I'm gonna be able
to do certain videos like every single
week but I'm just going to try and do
like an even amount as I go I'm trying
to upload like every three or four days
or so on this channel so we'll see how
it goes I'm not promising anything just
yet but so far so good this is like the
fifth time I'm saying bye so have a good
day bye
