hey everyone so today I'm doing another
question is this video and done one of
these in a while so I thought it was
about time I started this up again and
to do them quite frequently so maybe
once a week or so after you watch this
video make sure you comment down below
asking me more questions so that I can
come back to this video in chicken to
another question answers video try to
keep the questions really random they
don't have to be about like beauty or
necessarily about me they could just be
the random as things ever they're the
ones that are most fun to answer so I'm
going to be reading them off my phone
off of Facebook I asked on Facebook for
you guys to write me some questions and
so I'm just going to answer some of the
ones that appeal to me if my internet
hurries up okay so Valeria asked can you
sing I can sing but not well so this
wants to say hi hello Jana play okay
just America and I think I'm the world's
worst singer but like no one would say
I'm a greatest thing or anything like
that I'm just very fairly average like I
can hold a key sometimes but yeah I'm
not like good but there doesn't stop me
from doing it all the time math asked do
you have any friends in Auckland or is
it just you and Hamish right now it's
not just me and Hamish mean Hamish
actually live with two others Ellie and
Shane who we both know them Shane is a
really good friend of Hamish is and he's
a really cool guy and I know Ellie and
she's like awesome as well so we've got
four of us in our house and then I have
a whole bunch of like YouTube friends up
here and some other friends up here that
I already knew from like high school and
things so I do have quite a lot of
people that I still know up here New
Zealand's a really small place so I
wasn't too worried about that and I
could still stay in contact with Kelly
and everybody at home just on like
Facebook and everything so it's fine
Ashley asked what was your most favorite
subject in school my favorite subject
was definitely art history I just
thought it was so interesting just
learning about the different kinds of
art and what influenced them I thought
that was really interesting quite liked
photography I quite liked English I was
really good at English Jessica thoughts
on religion I don't think I'm a very
religious person well I'm not a
religious person I don't have a gold or
anything
I don't disrespect anyone his religion
you know any cut type of religion that's
fine I feel
religion is one's personal choice I
don't think religion should be forced on
anyone I don't think that people should
put down certain religions or anything
like that I just don't personally have
any beliefs like that that's just the
way I was brought up really and I don't
know I kind of believe in just the power
of positive and what goes around comes
around feel like everything happens for
a reason as well I don't I don't really
know much about religion and all of that
I just kind of go along day by day as a
ruby ass when I even go back to brunette
I think I answered this in my last video
maybe I can't really remember but yeah
maybe one day but at the moment I love
being blonde so so so much more like you
look at photos of me Bruni and it looks
completely fine and actually looks
really good like there are some photos I
just love and why oh my god I want brown
hair again but then I remember that it
only ever did look good in photos it
well honestly just washed me out so much
I think the darkest I'll go anytime soon
is like a caramel blonde kind of color I
don't want to go any darker than like a
dark blonde at the moment like my
natural color you can't really tell
against my blog but there is actually
dyed blonde like if you see it in real
life it's not even that it's not even a
brown I mean it's like dark long so I
want to kind of stay there all lighter
Nicole asked which one of my piercings
hurt the most
out of all the ones I ever did have I
don't need to see them all but might I
hurt the most so many people say that
tiny piercings don't hurt but I think
when I got mine done it must have gone
straight through a vein because it went
like it took ages to push it through I
freaking nearly passed out because it
was so much bloody room and it was
terrible it hurts so bad and I felt sick
for like two days afterwards pretty sure
there was a bit of an error between me
and the pier so where I think I like
pulled my tongue a bit any went through
the wrong part at the same time Lygia
asked if you were a biscuit what type of
biscuit would you be I would definitely
be a hundreds and thousands biscuit
because they're pink and I've got
sprinkles and I think that would be the
kind of biscuit I would be I like that
question she'd asked are you still
getting a boob job yes I am I'm going
and much I'm heading over to Australia
on the 6th and then I'm heading over to
Thailand with my cousin on the 8th and
we're getting it done together
and if you guys want to see them I'm
going to be doing lots of vlogs on this
channel I think I might do like the
first vlog Sona black um what I've got
planned so far how it's all going what
kind of cut size I'm thinking of going
my reasons behind getting it done and
all that kind of things so if you want
to see that just let me know down below
and then I'll do like before and afters
obviously in a bikini or a bra or
something not naked
unfortunately Lauren asked can you drive
in a Saudi of a car yes I can drive I've
been driving for like the last four
years ish
I Drive a manual I did have a car I
don't at the moment because I delivered
a party I had a Ford Escort 1968 Mach 1
um but it just wasn't getting enough to
get around like kind of Auckland like
it's more of a 50k cruising car like
just around town
not quite the kind of thing I need an
Auckland so I'm saving up for a new car
at the moment you want to buy my school
then go for it but seriously I'll
probably put the link to my car like on
track I mean on Facebook like the link
to trade me when it's up so just in case
anyone's interested Holly asked what do
you do in your spare time in my spare
time I am literally editing stuff up if
you can even called a spare time I spend
most of my day doing YouTube filming
editing uploading social networking
calling ting does all that kind of stuff
I usually take a break once payment gets
home from work and that's when we'll
just chill out we'll go to the gym have
some good gym time good workout come
home cook dinner and then the rest of
the night we'll just chill out
watch Dexter watch Breaking Bad all that
kind of thing we really love watching TV
series and everything so if you've got
any recommendations you should leave
them down below we also like to play
worms on PlayStation we play worms
Raymond um Tetris we've got a few games
we play it's really fun Courtney asked
do you have any weird obsessions at all
um I don't know if this is completely
weird but I do like to put a crap ton of
people on everything I eat and I don't
just mean like a crap-ton I mean like
I'll sit there for about 10 minutes with
the like crunchy thingy Shae asked what
are your thoughts on the youth in a fix
of marijuana I personally do not do
marijuana and
don't encourage it but if people want to
do it I don't really care it's a natural
herb essentially I mean it grows in the
ground there's no toxins and things edit
unto it like other drugs and you know
there's been no reported deaths or
anything the only reason I don't do it
and I don't recommend it is because of
the way it makes some people act there's
just me I mean I drink alcohol a lot and
it's worse for you but it's just the way
I just yeah I don't have anything
against anyone that doesn't sarin choice
I just don't do it myself Olivia asked
when your makeup brushes coming out and
will they be able to be bought
internationally yes there will be
international to most countries like
pretty much any country they're out
postal service will Center I think it
excludes like two or three countries but
hopefully none of my fields are from
there anyway and there will hopefully be
coming out within the next two months I
would say my brochures are almost here
I've just got to sort out all of the
fine print prices shipping details just
all of that junk all the boring stuff
but I will keep you updated when I know
there's going to be a release date and
if they're going to be pre-orders at the
moment I'm not really keen on pre-orders
but I might change my mind or see how a
car so that's what I'm going to add some
vanilla who you guys enjoyed this video
and leave me some questions down below
to answer I really love random ones like
that biscuit one was good please
subscribe to this channel if you haven't
already and I'll talk to you soon bye
