hey everyone so I thought I would do
another video for my vlog channel and
today I'm doing a kind of advice video I
wanted to do this video because I got a
letter or an email kind of thing through
YouTube
she basically explained her situation
and it's to do with trying to lose
weight but her family isn't really
supporting her at all and I know exactly
how she felt so I thought that I would
do an advice video because I know this
will help others as well well I hope so
anyway if you like this video and you
ever have anything you'd like to talk to
someone about although you just don't
know what to do you can email me through
YouTube sorry if the lighting just
changed the Sun is in and out of the
clouds it's so annoying
and if you do contact me asking for
advice and I do a video on it don't
worry I'll keep your details or
confidential I won't say we username or
anything like that just for your own
privacy okay so this girl emailed me and
I was free to the letter first she said
hi Shannon I know this is so weird but I
can't talk to any of my friends or
family about this and since you lost
some weight I thought you could help me
when I was younger I was skinny and
really happy all the time then one
summer holiday I remember eating some
donuts and suddenly I gained a lot of
weight she said she got a little bigger
and she never really thought much of it
she just thought you know I'm a little
bit chubby didn't really care too much
about it and then she said today my PS
we got into a fight with this guy in our
class and I was defending her and out of
nowhere he calls me a bad word and then
says that I should go back to McDonald's
and flying I am fat I try not to care
what others think but it's so hard when
someone calls you fat in front of
everyone I know I'm bigger than the
girls in my year but I don't need him
screaming it to me I want to lose weight
so bad but it's so hard when my family
buys unhealthy food and it reason I say
I want to eat more healthy they just say
oh stop it you're not fit but I know
they're just saying that because they're
my family I also feel bad because my
best friend who is a supermodel body
always stares at my blessed I'm in big
leagues
it's so embarrassing because I want with
tight clothes but I always have to wear
loose tops for my stomach doesn't sure I
wish I could talk to my mum or my best
friend about how I feel but they
obviously have to tell me I'm skinny
they're just overreacting I came home
from school today crying and watch those
thinspo videos with skinny girls and
imagined myself looking like that I want
to lose all the fat from my stomach
tried so many times it just don't feel
motivated watch they do I hope you can
help me so basically this comes down to
two different things one convincing your
family to help you lose weight into
motivation
back when I thought I was like a little
chubby it wasn't even like I want to
lose weight you know I just wanted to
have a healthier lifestyle I want to
start eating healthy and feeling better
about myself and just losing that way as
I went the best tips I can give you as
one when you approach your family about
it
don't say I want to lose weight just say
I want to be healthier I want to feel
more energetic more energy I want some
more vitamins and nutrients in my diet
it's good for you really focus on the
health side of it rather than weight
loss and that might help them understand
what you're coming from and then if you
do start convincing them to eat a bit
healthier just for the benefits of being
healthy you know that weights just going
to come off naturally also just cut down
your portion sizes a tiny bit even if
you're eating unhealthy just try to eat
a little bit less and at first you might
feel a bit hungry afterwards but just
drink a couple of glasses of water and
you're feel full and then eventually
your stomach will actually shrink down a
bit because what happens is when you eat
a lot your stomach expands and you need
to eat more to actually fill up that
extra gap so delecia eight the more your
stomach will shrink down and it means
the list food you know you'll take this
food to feel full again the other thing
I would highly recommend to do is to
offer to cook two or three times a week
even if you're like quite a bit younger
just ask your mum or dad to go you know
write a list of what you want to cook
for dinner and get them to go do it for
you and then cook for them and then you
can actually you know make a healthier
meal for them if your mum and dad still
insist on eating you know saucy meals
and lots of meat then just make burgers
or something like that that they can eat
and you can just have the meat and all
the cells that you'd put inside your
burger and just have a big salad instead
that's the kind of thing I used to do
because my dad used to be so fussy on
what he ate he wouldn't eat salads and
he wouldn't eat really clean kinds of
food so I would just kind of have to
make one meal and then substitute bits
of it for myself you could also do that
with the meals that your parents buy
even if they just get some lettuce or
something you can make a salad out of
heaps of different things that they may
cook for lunches and things just try to
cut down fits and everything
instead of having juice or Powerade or
you know fizzy drinks soda anything like
that try to drink water green tea is
also amazing for you and will help you
kind of cut down your fat a little bit
it's got heaps of antioxidants and
things and things are good for you
they'll boost your metabolism and help
you know the weight come off a little
bit easier and green tea is also like
nature's super drink it's so good for
you and you know you could have cups and
cups of it a day it's fantastic
and don't worry I know exactly what you
mean by you have a skinny B screen
because that's what I used to be like
when I was a lot younger when I was like
11 to 15 kind of thing I had a couple
best friends and they were both shorter
than me which is pretty hard because I'm
pretty sure
and then also quite a lot skinnier than
me as well all I can say is you really
just have to keep a really good mindset
like there's nothing you can do everyone
has different body shapes and body types
just remember that you're beautiful the
way you are that's something I had to
try and convince myself while I was like
that you know what I mean like my body
was like I was curvy basically my
friends were very up-and-down they
hadn't quite hit puberty properly yet
they didn't have boobs it didn't it
thumb or hips and I did just remember
that there's certain clothes that you're
going to pull off better than someone
who is skinning it just like they're
going to pull off certain clothes that
you can't pull off for motivation
honestly like just learn to love the gym
I've talked myself into saying I love
the gym and I genuinely love going to
the gym now if you can't afford to go to
the gym or your parents just don't want
to pay for you to go to the gym you know
walk further go upstairs exercise
outside run the dog around the park get
lots of sleep that honestly does help
lots of sleep lots of water help boost
your metabolism keep your body running
it the way that it should be and don't
feel stupid looking at those thinspo
videos because they help a lot of my
motivation comes from stalking like
supermodels and Playboy models on
Instagram I look at all these chicks in
their bikinis looking amazing
they're nice dominican Arabs and nice
thin legs and it's such good motivation
take lots and lots of photos of yourself
and your underwear if you see progress
through shots like if you just keep
taking photos of yourself almost naked
you could take photos yourself nigga if
you want just don't let anyone see them
you'll see yourself change in your body
change for the better and it's going to
motivate you to keep going learn to love
eating healthy it's really not
bed as you think I used to only love
eating fatty junky foods but now I enjoy
eating fresh produce it's just a
lifestyle change but honestly motivation
just look at others and appreciate them
I can't stand when I see people right on
other girls instagrams when they take a
bikini shot they like oh you're such a
skank and blah blah blah
honestly just learn to appreciate it
look at the hard work that I've put into
their bodies to get them the way they
are they look amazing and it should be
motivational you know what I mean
that's why I liked about my weight loss
video which hold it down below I got
into my bikini in that video and a lot
of people said it was so motivational
and they just wanted to workout straight
afterwards and hearing that like
motivates me as well motivates me to
keep going because that's exactly what I
feel with others I look at others and do
the exact same thing if you feel like
you can't talk to anyone about the way
you feel with your weight and everything
honestly like the best thing to do is
join up on my Fitness Pal or something
like that they have forums where you can
talk to other people in the same
situation don't even waste your breath
on people that you know love you too
much you know what I mean like they're
too close to you to actually give you
the reality check you need maybe find
someone that you can exercise with
someone that's in the same boat get some
new friends go for walks with them it
all sounds quite hard to do but if you
just take baby steps like first of all
just cut down your portions that tiny
little bit second step just start eating
a few more healthy things and try to add
in a few more glasses of water a day and
then eventually you know you'll just
keep going up and up and up which is
what I'm doing myself at the moment I
hope this video helped you a little bit
if you if any of you have any more
questions write them down below if you
want any advice email me or message me
through youtube and I hope you have a
good day remember stay healthy and keep
moving the secret to losing weight is
more moving less eating I'm not saying
by any means you have to stop yourself
just make wiser choices and have wiser
portion sizes you know have a fantastic
day and I'll talk to you soon bye
