hey everyone so today I'm going to be
doing the 40 epic forty or forty or
forty or forty forty facial expression
the tag so I saw Beauty by Brittany X do
this and I saw live loves makeup do this
they're all the only ones I've seen
though like the last YouTube videos i
watch I've been watching tube in such a
long time because I've been moving and
everything so I'm gonna start doing this
thing where hopefully once a week I'm
going to do a video response and it's
going to be like anyone one of you guys
may be a big popular youtuber maybe just
someone that would fire up one week and
murder of a response to that video so
today I'm doing a video response to
these two with this 40 facial
expressions - so if you want me to do a
video response to you or like have the
chance to do it cuz obviously I'm not
going to do it every single person felt
like once a week I'll just pick someone
random that I record the video was
really interesting and I'll do a video
response to you and it could be like a
tag it could be like a like rant vlog um
a discussion about something opinions
vlogs you could ask me a question and I
could answer it directly to you this is
just one of the kinds of videos I'm
going to do hopefully once a week
hopefully I can carry it on hopefully
and I might start doing it like on every
certain day but I've got to still work
out my schedule because I also want to
do things like um question-and-answer
vlog once a week and a random topic vlog
once a week and hopefully do some follow
meas and between there and just like
random maybe some cooking videos fitness
videos tips videos advice I have been
asked for some advice on a certain
matter which I might feel next maybe and
yeah I'm just going to hits of core
blocks this is my new year's resolution
to through tons and tons of videos on
this channel so anyway let's jump into
this video
I raise my hands to stop hitting it
sticks up hanging a lot without a picks
up to the moon I'm a block into a base
where the tears are dry you just wanna
go where you are so passive energy stars
your duty is down Lee oh my gosh your
grace makes you way more than par so
extreme Sona
- oh I know
Hey
Hey
magic
it's amazing another out of this world
no ordinary lover not only everybody
definition of the Omni brother goes high
on top like butter on bread daily bread
more than a butler speaking of your
presence gets me to shutter where'd you
go I'll go for show cuz I give you my
soul and I just somehow Yuri control
even in the bed you know how the story
goes so I trust you with my whole quest
own this is my heart and this is my soul
and I will stay forever you know
you change the weather
you poke life in came existing solar
planets angels witnessed eyes of passion
lights and trenches and acclaim mercy
never-ending without its light that you
send in regeneration no pretending you
Center station so extending your arms to
me I amended now I can come to you in
front to you sick like them so shoot but
they can except a regular for you or
what a pleasure it is the year
me too me too
hero
stick hanging a lot decided
picked up to the moon I'm a block away
swear the tears are dry you just wanna
go where you are it's oppressive energy
stars your beauty is only on
- your grace makes way more than ha so
extreme so everything about you the
magnet name is do you speak from somatic
I hope you guys enjoyed this video this
was really quite fun to film to be
honest if you would like to leave a
video response to this video go ahead
and do so down below I hope you guys
have a fantastic fantastic day talk to
you again very soon on this channel let
me know what kinds of videos you would
like to see on this vlog channel so I
can kind of take some requests and have
some ideas and also to again very very
soon I
