hey everyone so please do not my-my here
it's been a rough day it I need to wash
it real bad I'm gonna wash it tomorrow
and bad today I'm doing my first either
p.o.box video so this is the big chunk
about that I've really received from you
guys so thank you so much to even when
they're sent me any letters I'm just
going to jump straight into it pretty
much if you're wondering what my p.o box
address is it's listed down below I'm
gonna put in every single video from now
on so the very first first first kind of
I suppose this is a card first card i
got i gave this one a shout out on
instagram and on facebook this is from
megan and she just us I hope I'm saying
their eyes at Megan or Megan because I
know both Megan and Megan that have been
about the same as you she said isn't it
a bit too early for Christmas cards but
I was great so I don't mind I'll of
typos as well I'm always in there but
this is a really cute card it says
wishing you a fantastic christmas
absolutely love it i'm going to like
keep every single thing that you guys
see me and put it in like a dried
scrapbook she also said i'm only a
recent subscribed to your channel but
your videos awesome and have really got
me inspired she said she spent a lot of
time looking at the Toby website she
think she's going to order or going to
place it over cheats pay next week
that's awesome i love Toby and
definitely check online for like coupon
codes they often have coupon codes so
hopefully if you haven't ordered yet
you'll find some good coupon deals it's
Nick's my hairs from melissa from
Christchurch and I was blown away I
absolutely love this she made this
yourself and it's a kite it's got a
picture on the front I suppose it's me
and it's got like eight so cool like
love heart Jim stories and stuff around
it and then some ribbons and it just
says shinnok so at the top and then
inside its got really cute paper like
it's like lace on top of favor and then
she's got like a little envelope in the
entry with me a nice big litter she said
she's been watching me since my video
there was my October favorites from 2011
so it's a really long time thanks so
much for sticking by me and watch me if
is so long she said that she was a lot
more makeup thanks to me she likes to
experiment with it a lot she says she
wears makeup because she likes it not
because she doesn't think she's pretty
which is very good lots of people don't
understand that hey
lots of people think just because we
were make up there we think that we're
ugly or something but makeup is just
awesome fun thank you so much for your
letter it made my day i absolutely love
it I so got a liddo all the way from I
think it's Nevada I don't seek it this
check here is the best handwriting I've
ever seen my life it's so cool yeah
Nevada so her name is kiana I'm sorry if
I said that wrong but she actually seen
me before I like that you know what she
said she didn't need to hear bows and
she hasn't etsy shop i'm gonna put it
down below um because i love them thanks
so much you guys don't have to see me
guess but absolutely love it and I
differently yeah right your shot down
below so people can cheat up but there
is a black one which I wore the other
day I just clubs my hair back and braids
and stuck it right in the center of my
head and a leopard print one which I
reckon muscle looks so cool of my bond
here as well thank you so much for those
I reckon they're real awesome so carry
on doing what you're doing cuz that's a
pretty cool you know a little shot to
have gone she said that she only
subscribe to me a few weeks ago but she
already thinks she's obsessed she said
she was watching my vlog because it's so
different for me she loves she said that
she used my unzipped face tutorial the
one nights of halloween on her boyfriend
and everyone loved it and she put a
picture on instagram i remember it you
did a really good job yeah i just want
to show you her handwriting Erica's like
can you see you cool her handwriting it
it's like different it's like a computer
font or something like real quick I love
it this next letter is from Australia
and her name is Jay Hudson so she said
that she thought she'd write me a letter
cuz she's she said I must get tons of
emails and letters and she's written me
a couple of emails my favorite plug it
I'm so sorry like people say that they
write me emails to my like business
account and like I don't reply but it's
probably cuz like so much of it goes
straight to my spam like my spam and box
after a day literally he's like over a
thousand emails i don't know wait so
much spent my guess it's just because my
emails up on youtube and then also I
feel like tons and tons and tons and
tons of emails a day from businesses and
then spend it doesn't get full today I'm
just all sorts of chocolate and you vote
won't talk with my emails so even
businesses don't hear bit from me half
the time should say that she is 29 and
she said they just kinda lost her style
she's being a mo
two girls let me a really hot climates
being hard she said that she's
originally from master turn she moved to
Hawke's Bay and meet her soon to be
happy congratulations she's getting
married when was it sickened of the
stick in 2013 so I wish you the best of
luck she says she's coming home for
three days and she'll be going shopping
explosion heaps there because we she
loses rural so thanks so much really to
journey and yeah I hope your wedding
goes amazing this next one here is from
its volcko from tomorrow New Zealand she
said she wanted to ride not really a
little bit just to thank you note she
said they're looking out to me is really
giving her confidence boost which thank
you so much I don't even know what to
say like I don't know it's so it's so
hard for me like honestly I'm so
appreciative though she said they where
she lives as a smallish town so she
doesn't have moles the only makeup place
is really farmers or pharmacy sort sucks
she said that she watches my videos and
the news on Zoe's made her day she also
said that her little dog Melvin or when
I became paralyzed and did not make it
so I'm so sorry to hear that she said
one huge favor where is the best place
to get our products from she said that
she got to the bronzer and blush a juror
in the brow kit but sadly lost these in
the earthquake I just uploaded a video
on my main channel of my elf must-haves
and I've got a Oh what is it called
website written in the downbar elf
makeup concealer albuterol indeed or if
you ever travel to a bigger city you can
go to bling and get those or if you
check out my where I buy my makeup video
on my main channel it has like all the
websites thank you so much for your
letter this little Lydia's from the
United States okay I'm not sure that is
that Oklahoma I'm just guessing yes I
was right she is 16 years old and she
live in Oklahoma she said that I'm her
favorite you to thank you so much she
said she found me what she was looking
at the getting-ready videos and she's
doubled on one of mine and she remembers
thinking the whole video about how my
hair was so pretty because she's always
want to volunteer she said that she can
get pretty bored watching some other
beauty gurus videos bet she's never been
bored watchin mine and she wants to
write me a short note to me since I had
a pure box now so thank you so much you
just hit keep making videos and I sure
will because I love making videos
and people like you just kind of stick
that install like remind me why I love
it so much it's a really cute little
baby envelope as well oh I love this I'm
only just opening these ones now cuz i
only just cheap today so I'm retreat
easy it this person here is Brianna from
Omer oh and she's got really cool
handwriting as well she made me card see
annex on it and it's got like feathers
and all the stuff store yoked she said
she loved really loves my videos because
they're really simple and easy create to
create which is something i like to
strive for I don't really like doing
heaps and heaps of out there makeup
tutorials because I like you know I'm
only a simple girl I'm not a makeup
artist I like to make videos that I
would wear myself she asked me some
questions so she said how long have you
been on uShip for I've been on YouTube
for um I have no idea like maybe three
or four years nearly I'd say close to
three years I'm actually not sure
because I've had a youtube channel for a
really long time before I started making
YouTube videos she said what is it for a
beginner with makeup when I was a big
enough makeup I was terrible at apply
makeup and the best advice I would give
you a start out simple and also if
you're starting out with eyeshadows and
things what I used to do is I put them
on right before bed like or before i hit
a shower so I just like Miss around with
my eyeshadow apply it half the time it
would look completely disgusting but it
gave you a really good pretty you can
just wash off and then you know go to
school the next day come home and
practice again it's just a little bit
practice to be honest and repetition and
just you know learning about your own
face shape and what looks best on here
thank you so much for your card I am I
absolutely love it this is going to go
on my shelf this next one here is from
Gracie and she is from I'm not sure she
didn't say she's got really cute little
stickers on the date there's a cupcake
in two strawberries okay dude d Shannon
first of all absolutely love your
YouTube videos they're amazing i love it
was so real in your videos and you don't
seem fake said that your name is Gracie
she lives in New Zealand as well you
said I'm real annoyed when I found out
you might be very just really don't go
I'm not going just yet you've got me for
a while year I made your song i got lazy
twinkle twinkle shame as a star
da-da-da-da-da-da course on how you know
you love it thank you so much for
literally get onto
at the picture of you so keep an eye out
and the last one here is from page from
I don't know I think this is America
again yeah USA I'm bed with like short
States names like I don't know what they
stand for oh cool the stairs shanik so
you're my idol and it's on pink paper
and she just colored it in this is so
cool okay she's drawn some mac makeup on
here some eyeliner mascara false
eyelashes and some makeup brushes it's
so cool see she loves my style I love
you you're amazing it make up super
pretty i'm so jelly i watch your videos
all the time you've taught me so much i
wish i could meet you i'm so glad my
friends show me on youtube by the way
your blonde hair is the perfect shade
for you thank you so much she said i
love their cool music approve your video
sometime thank you so much I'm not sure
someone right down below that you know
where acton ma is because I'd like to
know thank you so much that's such a
cool little later you owe me and that's
it for now if you have seen me anything
i'm sure it all arrive soon i hope you
guys have a fantastic day thank you
again to anyone that sent me an email it
really makes my day when i open up my
little pillbox and there's a little bit
of stuck in there i love every single
one of your guys leaders so yeah thank
you so much and stay tuned for more of
these videos i suppose if you don't have
stains me anything and I hope I don't
handle it so hard my teeth it's the most
annoying thing ever when I film an
entire video I go to edit it and I've
got lipstick just smeared everywhere
anyways I hope you guys have a fantastic
day as I said and yeah
