I am about to clean my room school M so
flushed
and now going to buy some new lighting
but I clean off much stuff up there what
- this is skin care here kid I knew
poorly and from a travel makeup bag
which I'm going to do tomorrow after it
is videos got some rubbish in to get rid
of rubbish rubbish that's all new stuff
to put away and then just general like
wiping and cleaning and stuff that's
more stuff over here near away we'll be
done tomorrow but yes now I need to go
by sunlight I'm thinking of doing some
soft boxes but here and here and see if
they buzz on my camera because my ring
light buzzes on camera right behind my
microphone so it's not ideal to use you
know what it's really dark and stuff
like that so I'm going to buy some at
tabletop soft boxes want to put here and
want to put here and see how that goes
I think I'll move these away from here
and put them over there with those I've
also got a shelf that I'm going to be
clean up click here or like over there
somewhere so yeah good morning everybody
we just got back from it the Jemma when
the stuff I got from rubble spot the
other day I loved it so much it's so it
comes in it's it's more lovely colour -
it's like support pick you know I am
bothering telling you this as you can
see it with your own eyes anyway so we
just did some cardio and some chest
workouts today and now I need it to go
in it because yesterday's an interesting
day super censored logo for filming I've
got so many videos edit finally I've
been filming a lot of videos this week
to kind of catch up and hopefully I can
resume to doing three uploads a weeks
own although I'm still quite busy I
think me know how mature going to go
ahead and see my family member this
afternoon and I don't know what else
we've got planned really that's about it
tomorrow we are going to the mouth
because another house had come up so
we're going to go see it and most loved
little bits and pieces obviously I'll
have to be careful the logging the
actual house and stuff because you know
there's some crazy people out there and
I don't put myself a compromising
situation um so yeah maybe I'll vlog
tomorrow - it would be fun I'm so
excited but I'm kind of hoping that I
hate the house because now I'm just
enjoying saving my money I'm just going
to a protein shake now because it is
almost 11 o'clock I think holy crap Liv
I've been doing all morning ashlee with
nothing you website this morning that's
what we've been doing
xob website how much dirt it's aware
comment but made a look it's nice that
we did some close together and just
change like the entire kind of look at
the website looks way more professional
again even though I just like updated it
like a year ago
we just wanted it to be able bigger so
flipping heaps of times we met
especially Hamish so yeah anyway so we
put that light this morning and we reach
the gym so that'll be how it is so like
right now instead of a protein shake
because lunch is the end of story
that's basically where I was going with
that currently editing in my unboxing
for my kiss me club and I did in a
different kind of format this time I
know you guys missed it last month I'm
so sorry slices been so crazy so I just
decided to skip the month but yes it's
coming in this month you might be out by
the time you watch this vlog even we'll
see
now we've got to take this back because
it's tiny I swear it's not the right
size
since the 65 centimetres but it was so
so small so I need get a big one trust
your face show some teeth Holliday got
the world's biggest under bite you'll
take the ridiculous okay we've got back
from dinner and heading I ain't seeing
my family member so tired of all this
well is whole way they look back and
pull them out can you bring it into the
kitchen I'm weak this is insane this
giant flowers and it came with a bar
does it say congratulations on a
successful watch oceanic so white folks
thank you so much again for working with
us on this amazing red car let's see
what else the future holds love George
in the white 14 for thank you so pretty
let's see what does father say - this is
so weird I've never had flowers and also
it was public image surrender man just
kidding I thought it was totally in the
shape of us but it's a bottle of Moet oh
my gosh so lovely
yeah so cute okay now it's open the
clouds up properly we are used to her
it's so beautiful and they smell so so
good look how beautiful these roses are
I love the colors of them oh my gosh and
they're going to open up more wow thank
you so much Georgia and everyone from
white folks so lovely he's pretty even
as they're kind of flower is my socket
I wish I could bottle with smell let go
into the mount now just so pretty
liar
at that yes
honor is aware
superproxy said
fris√©e what temperatures without
outside on the cost two degrees and a
frost functions all around car
hopefully it's nice at the maps I am
sure it will be Royce's look at the fog
it's focused and it looks like a cloud
looks like a real high up in the high
clouds it's not folks as crazy
so spec and not rope anywhere in the
distance it's a real Glade I know you
can take everything from him
rodents or den something
I can see them camera everyone that we
recently play oh yeah I did
I've logged it yesterday oh yeah you
guys can check out with credit card now
if you like and you can also do a wish
list you can sign in and send your wish
list to like you know the boyfriend or
whatever we're down to zero degrees
outside it is so much fog right then can
kind of see so we're hoping that we
don't hit it at all in front of us but
it's not on the road I'm hoping it's
just light in the little gullies because
like the roads quite high up from the
actual ground around here this one's
going to get all by the West a little
there's not that bad though look over
here
yeah still nothing compared to what I
drove it up on to the road here like I
said yesterday we're going to go look at
each other's today or one Beatrice
actually I'm really excited so yeah I
probably can't really talk too much of
it but I might do a little bit diseases
just to keep it quite anonymous all
those many ideas for someone to figure
out what happens your name there's also
me a little bit down here most buddy
Ross is so weird here we go you can't
see it on camera
sucks man yes just look like it looks a
little bit funky but you can't see the
full effect
yes
people hate going around here we're so
used to enough we take the negatory time
we drive up to a plant or just north in
general but all our friends always like
really it's a very windy
higgledy-piggledy Road look it's quite a
terrible road but it's not too bad as
someone you don't like speed around the
corner there's always like rocks and
trees and so on over here we go city cat
out here yes yes
that's right so if everything I look
some trees are falling down hit
come on little and fly
a little landslide we kind of thing yeah
we're going to see maybe what city
really is for me to see it
this is still a b2b mattress that's
honestly when I was driving up the road
I could say probably about hospice
distance bed
don't I put flawed or buzz I know if I
couldn't even see where the road was
like turning yeah yeah it was terrible
like that you can still stay up ahead
but not not when I was driving it so
that I just saw a peacock now it's
pretty clear it's you're a really
beautiful day we're hoping that there's
a rose up to frozen
studied anthropology
a traditional healing practices lighting
lighting
on your part
hi-hi-hi start worry guys they would not
homeless alone all day we you you
deferring visit hi we did 10 hours
driving it was currently 7:30 nice if it
ten hours driving five hours there five
hours back
