hey everyone excuse my hair it's just an
a very very messy ponytail
unstyled freshly washed and pretty gross
but I am so happy cuz look who is home
its leader Peters excuse me if I talk in
a baby voice but and you just can't help
it um this video is going to be a
dedication video to all of you people
out there wondering about what soos went
through and also just kind of like an
awareness video because I think it's
really important and I need to raise
awareness about this issue because I
didn't know about it and a lot of people
I need to know about it and it's really
important for puppies well-being so
first of all introduce him the sisters
and me and Hamish picked his name
because we asked you guys on Facebook
and Instagram and blah blah blah what
you thought his name should be and if
there was heaps of cool names and a
couple of people said Zeus and men
Hamish both really really liked it and
this is a really powerful name and it's
quite ironic because he's like the
tiniest little doggie he weighs like 1
kilo at the moment his pup boodle Pat
Chihuahua and part apparently what it's
called Bichon be shorter and he's a
little boy obviously and this is what he
looks like oh he looks like a little
panda beer don't worry if you think I'm
being rough or anything he really likes
being held like hey there likes to be
sitting on you or he'll Isis a little
bit that I bought him but he really
likes cuddles he's not reinjure dick at
the moment obviously because he just got
home yesterday the day before yesterday
so basically what parvo is is a virus
that occurs in only dog species it can
be carried around by humans
Kamiya in the air it can be in the grass
and it really targets puppies but also
any dog that hasn't had his vaccinations
yet so when I got home he hadn't any any
vaccinations which I was aware of I took
him in to the vet the very next day his
first injection but this particular
virus had already hit him because he
wasn't vaccinated it's the first thing
you want to talk to whoever you buying
him from just make sure that he's had
some shots or there's some kind of
guarantee that they're going to help pay
your bills if anything does go wrong the
parvo virus takes between three and ten
days I think to hit them
I hit him for one day in the next day he
was just completely flat what the parvo
virus is I think it had texts like their
intestinal system and things like that
and it makes them kind of really really
sick like vomit like diarrhea they won't
eat and they won't drink they have a
really high temperature also they will
literally look depressed like they would
not look happy he'll just be sitting
there looking at you puppy eyes that's
what he was doing I knew something
wasn't wrong so I took him straight to
me when he was at the vet he got put on
a drip for hydration because that's the
only thing they can really do at the VA
is keep them hydrated they need to be
hydrated and eventually hopefully the
virus will pass as he hit his little hit
on my shoulder
unfortunately this virus has a huge
death rate with him puppies not many
puppies survive it but this little man
did so if there's anyone out here that's
watching this and their dog has parvo
like keep hope because you know miracles
happen it was on the drug to keep
hydrated the vets like they isolated him
because they didn't want the virus to
spread he was all not very harsh kind of
like antibiotics just because when dogs
have viruses they're very susceptible to
picking up other bacterial infections
while they're down you know who wasn't
energetic he wasn't eating or anything
like that who's very weak I'm gonna put
him down now he wasn't me but you know
we they can pick them up it can be in
the ear it can be someone else's pet at
him that has it on them like Theodore
might heaven they don't even know yet
they pet your dog he has it you really
have to keep your dog away from other
dogs while they're not you know
vaccinated fully vaccinated you have to
keep them away from parks sidewalks
anywhere public that other dogs could
have been you know if you've got your
backyard and you've never had dogs there
or you don't have any other dogs it's
true cetera then that's cool you really
should be so careful I didn't even know
about this when I bought him
so basically while he was it a bit his
head of it for a week and a half after
about a week it was pretty much like
every day he was the same he wasn't
eating he was just on his drope he was I
mean I kind of waiting as to how every
now and then he wasn't good it wasn't
bad which it was never a bad thing
because it meant there he wasn't dead it
wasn't a good thing because we really
wanted to get
we want the buyers to pass I'm sorry
this video is like all over the place I
just I should have written a down but
I'm just kind of waiting so after like a
week midday he was kind of over the
virus it was at the point where he
hadn't vomited for like a day or so and
they were syringe feeding him just to
get some nutrients into his body because
it was literally skin and bone and by
this point I was allowed to go see him
and I just cried the entire time I saw
him because he was almost lifeless
literally in a wreck sick and the Viet
was kind of like you know we're only
going to give it a couple more days
because after that he's going to be
suffering and especially like melee as
long as he wasn't suffering it was okay
to keep trying but if he ever started
suffering and he was in pain then I
would have put him down but that next
morning he actually ate some mints by
himself and then I went in to see him
again he was a lot more energetic and
then the day after that I called up the
vet and he had been eating heaps and
then I got another call saying that he
was allowed to go home that night
so that was my story it was just really
stressful at first week like I was kind
of depressed I'm not gonna lie so now
the food he is on is called Eukanuba
puppy food he's drinking tons of water
and I'm just trying to fit another up
now I give him a few treats a day I give
him puppy milk which is like 5 percent
fit in it it's really really good for
them it's got lots of vitamins and
minerals he's so happy like he looks
really tight at the moment cuz we had a
family lunch earlier on he was so
excited to see everyone he's like the
perfect dog he's like loves everyone he
loves playing with people he'll run up
to you and step by your feet way for you
to pick him up and have a cuddle family
I was playing he's got a little
crocodile he likes and like a little
rock toy and his favorite toy is toilet
paper likes to rip that up into tiny
little pieces all over my room the V I
went to if you're wondering and promised
North was innocence beyond pitama Road
I've been going there for all my animals
all my life and I trust them 100%
they're so so kind I like you know that
was such good people they looked after
them so well he's getting better every
single day the first Airport I'm home he
was a bit tired he was happy to be home
though he ate some dinner the next day
he was so happy you know running around
my room exploring a bit he does however
have a cut in his League I'll see if I
can show you
you can see it just there that's from
with a drop pause so we just got to make
sure that it doesn't get infected so I'm
just even watching man so far so good
he didn't have a bit of a limp but every
day it's kind of getting better he's
able to walk on it better I noticed when
he like chews on my fingers as puppies
do every single day he's getting
stronger and stronger in his drawer he's
eating lots he's drinking tons and his
pee improvers normal you know you've
gotta look for irregularities like that
if they start throwing up what I'm
having ready who's taken to be a sip
that's so far so good he's asleep in my
hand right now I think if dogs could pay
he would be appearing right now he's
such a good dog he doesn't back he
doesn't cry he doesn't win jor anything
he cries a little bit if he needs to go
pee and he cries if you kind of like
leave him on your beat or something like
that and you walk off because he can't
get down um other than that he's such a
good dog me and Hamish I've been hanging
out with a Papes and during the night he
doesn't cry or anything he just kind of
gets up in place for a little bit
quietly look but he is the love of my
life and everyone in my family
absolutely adores him if you fully mount
Instagram a face but you've seen a ton
of photos of him already
I fly should introduce you to him in
year that SWAT wing torn it was really
really hard I'm sorry if I forgot any
details it's just kind of like
overwhelming trying to like tell again
but I don't know it was definitely one
of the hardest weeks I've hit in a very
very long time like so worried I just
want to want you guys to know like you
know if you guys even go through
something like this do not give up hope
try to stay positive talk to people
about it it really does help I think if
I try to keep this from a secret from
you guys that would have been so much
harder I feel like you guys gave me so
much support so I really thank you for
that and he thinks you too thank you
he's like a little fluff boys so cuddly
he just loves like look at him he goes
the tail he's so happy here and you'll
be seeing him in a ton of videos so yeah
I hope you guys enjoyed this video I
hope you guys learned a little bit about
parvo you know if you don't have a Vexin
ated dog pretty much don't take them
anywhere anyways we're gonna go play now
and
so dinner so thank you so much for
watching thank you so much for your
thoughts and I'll talk to you guys real
soon
