hey everyone so I thought I'd film it
another question that's this video
trying to keep this up weekly I'm not
gonna promise that I'm gonna do want
every single wait but I'm gonna try and
do one most week so we're like 200
questions it's my class at the mall as
always and I'm sorry if the lighting
starts to get real bad it's like 6 p.m.
and the Sun is going down and I've got a
shoot out under my nose
the Sun no the Sun just fully came out
so I'm gonna sit over here
Rihanna knows - where will you live in
Australia when you move here probably
Brisbane because I have a cousin that
lives there and I've been there before
and I really liked it and it's not as
fast paced in some other places and I
don't know that's my image lights as
well sorry but I might change by then
you know that's just like what we're
thinking now and we don't even moving to
Australia for a while you Kelsey asked
what I didn't get my hair cut short and
I have got a cut short before it was
like a kind of Bob thing like probably
this long it looks so good in theory
like your major mean it looks okay but
honestly it looked absolutely hideous I
cried when I cut it off he cried for a
long time I also got a fringe at the
same time which looked terrible on me
I'm never gonna cut my hair short again
like the shortest I would go would
probably be like fear and even the end
like that's so short for me especially
since I've got a chubby face longer here
kind of looks better on me I love you
guys I think any of your mates that are
jealous that you've gotten to where you
are today have you lost any friends over
it no I haven't lost any friends over it
my friends that I have now are
supportive is of youtube every ins that
I have now are very like proud of me and
supportive of what I have accomplished
in my life so far any friends that I
don't have anymore has nothing to do
with YouTube kind of haven't really lost
any friends in a long time it's just
like natural kind of drifting apart when
friends live in different cities and you
don't talk to them anymore and stuff
like that
Amara asked how old am i how tall am i I
am 20 years old I turned 21 next August
and I am 161 centimeters tall which I
think it's like 5 foot 3 or 5 foot 4 not
very tall at all I'm not like super
short I'm not super tall I'm just kind
of regular small sized
Daniel asked do you like living in New
Zealand or would you rather move to a
different place where there are more
opportunities I Love New Zealand I think
it's beautiful its peaceful its
easygoing the people here are great but
I don't want to move to other countries
like Australia just to see what other
opportunities there are there for me and
my way of thinking is I don't know and
so I try I don't know what the rest of
the world has to offer but I know what
New Zealand's like in New Zealand always
going to be here if I ever decide to
return because you know I'd like New
Zealand is where my roots are and my
family is so obviously always gonna be
in New Zealand some time or another
Emily asks when you were little what did
you want to be when you grew up but it
does I want it to be a bit but then I
realised I'd have to treat second and
Wilson I'd probably cry then I wanted to
be a marine biologist because I really
really loved dolphins and whales and
then I wanted to be a counselor because
I thought I had good advice to other
people my friends would always come to
me for advice and then after that I
wanted to be a web designer / I was a
little when I decided to be a web
designer I was like 16 17 now I want to
be a businesswoman I want to own my own
stuff sell my own stuff I like selling
things I like retail I still don't know
what my future has in store for me yet I
realized an actual makeup artist or just
soft walk I think I answered this in my
last question arts this video I have a
playlist of all my Christian arts this
videos now so I'll put there down below
but no I am self-taught
I've never taken any makeup artistry
courses I don't know if I even would I
kind of feel like I want to sometimes
within other times of how I'm hippy with
my knowledge and everything and I don't
think I'd even have a career and making
like putting makeup on other people
Michaela asked what music do you like I
really like everything to be honest my
favorite kinds of music are definitely
dubstep and electric kind of music I
love R&B hip-hop
I love reggae I love heaps of different
stuff Shin asked what were you studying
I was studying a Bachelor of Applied
visual imagery which is basically like
visual stuff photography design web
design what else did we do it's a little
bit of film studies I don't know just
heaps of stuff like that but I was
majoring in web design and I was doing a
minor in photography but
leave now if you want to know why then
she got my last question our answers
video
mara asked what is your favorite thing
to do during summer a favorite favorite
favorite thing to do during summer let's
go to the beach with my friends we'll
just chill out in the Sun lie on the
beach 10 swim it's just so much fun it's
so relaxing and it's pretty much like my
own paradise kind of situation like I
just love being with friends chilling
out in the Sun summer is definitely my
season I am I don't know I just feel
like such a happier person in summer
it's like more positive the days of
bitter the days are longer there's more
to do I don't think this is her real
name that supercar Barbie asked do you
have any of your NCAA levels yes
definitely I finished high school I got
NCAA level 1 with excellence I think I
got live all to just live all to playing
because in level 2 I was really really
really lazy and just hang out with
friends all the time and never did any
homework or study but then in year 13 I
was really into it I was into doing
design and photography and I passed
nearly every single assessment I did
with excellence but I only got endorsed
with merit that yeah I missed out by
like ten credits or something I was
pretty gutted Laura asked what's the
name of all the other countries you've
lived or visited I lived in Korea for a
year I visited Japan Fiji Australia
Korea obviously England Ireland Malaysia
big bits it Sarah asked if you could
only with three make up products
everyday what would they be I would
probably wear mascara eyeliner and
eyebrows Karen asked after your weight
loss how did you keep the weight off and
is it hard to maintain it no because the
way I lost weight if you haven't seen it
check out my weight loss video on my
main channel but I lost weight by just
cutting down my portions and eating
healthier and when you do that your
stomach shrinks anyway you don't need as
much food to fill up so I don't eat as
much anymore so I don't really have to
try to keep the weight off if that makes
sense
Malik asked what is the biggest lie you
have told us I'm assuming you mean you
guys is viewers to be honest I don't lie
to you I feel like there's no reason for
me to lie to you there's like no reason
to lie like if I
like something I tell you it or like it
if I like something I'll tell you I like
it
Alexandra asked hit me if it got into a
fight with a girl before no I haven't I
feel like I'm sorry to anyone if this
offends anyone by I feel like fighting
is just really really tacky and there's
no need for it like I'm a nice person I
if someone insults me in real life which
is probably only if I'm even drunk or
something and these are the drunk girls
and though yell out something stupid you
just kind of ignore it because I think
it's kind of pathetic girls they just
kind of run it each other fighting it
just screams attention-seeking to me and
I'm just not like that at all
plus I'm probably not even a good
fighter so why would I get into a fight
probably my head smashed it okay ask do
you have any advice for bloggers or
youtubers just starting out I do have a
video on this channel with my advice on
starting a youtube channel so check that
out Mirai asked would you still be
YouTube guru if you don't get paid
definitely because when I first started
making videos I didn't even know that
you could get paid I find videos really
making videos really relaxing and fun I
have so many good relationships through
YouTube with like friends of yours I
definitely wouldn't give it up if I
wasn't getting paid you know what I mean
getting paid for doing something I love
is just pretty much like a blessing it's
amazing and I'm so thankful for it
that's a thankful that would have
annoyed me but it's not everything you
know what I mean like the it's not the
only reason I'm making YouTube videos
that's what I'm trying to say leticia
asked do you wear makeup every single
day or sometimes do just not wear makeup
I don't wear every single day I wear
makeup mostly if I'm filming or if I
really feel like it like if I'm bored
for from waiting to go see your friend
or my boyfriend or something like that I
put on makeup but only an everyday basis
I don't wear it or if I do I wear like
BB cream and a bit of mascara if there
Carla asked is this your first Pitt
no no he's not I've had pits ever since
I was tiny I've had a couple of dogs
I've still got my big dog I've got my
little puppy Zeus I've had tons of cats
over my lifetime I had mice rats
birds bunnies guinea pigs hit tons and
tons of kids I'm an animal lover love in
all
and love my little puppies he's adorable
this is the last question I'm going to
answer and destiny asked what is your
biggest accomplishment in life I feel
like my youtube channel in general is my
biggest accomplishment I feel like I
this is kind of hard to explain like
it's nice to know that I help people and
people give me the feedback that I'm
helping that's like I feel like I've
accomplished something in myself
also the fit that I managed to get on TV
and then magazine I mean clear
it's like those two things being like my
childhood dreams like when I was really
young I was always like man I'd love to
be one of these chicks in a magazine
just stuff like that I don't know I'm
really thankful for everything like
thanks to all you guys
I just feel really quite proud of myself
to be honest is that thing I don't know
and now I'm like starting up my own
business and I don't know it's just
really exciting and even before YouTube
and everything I always wish I could own
my own makeup or my own brand or just
own something from my own to sell I've
always wanted to work for myself I don't
like the thought of working for someone
else and like a chain business or
anything like that I really like you
know I like the thought of working for
own little company my own baby and help
it grow and stuff like that so yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
up if you did leave some comments down
below if you're wondering anything about
me I prefer the questions they don't
really makeup and beauty related because
most of the questions that people ask me
about makeup and beauty and moment in my
um question and answers questions
I'm already talked about in videos
before and I just think it's more
interesting when it's just completely
irrelevant stuff like just random
questions like the more random they are
the more fun they have I think it's
pretty boring just doing the same thing
over everything like what's your
favorite mascara and stuff like that you
know we'll keep that for my beauty
channel I hope you guys have a fantastic
day and I was watching really soon
