hey everyone so I'm doing another
question answers video do you guys
reckon I should start doing this like
weekly like once a week a questions
video because then at least I'll haven't
logged up every week like I try to vlog
but like five evolves or so I'm wearing
in everyday kind of situations cuz I
don't really do much and I want to start
doing more vlogs with Hamish and stuff
but I don't know at least this way
there's always going to be something on
my channel I'm not naked by the way I'm
wearing this awesome top it's from
valley girl I got it yesterday and it's
got ice creams on it it's so cute it's
like a little crop top
who's da thing and I've got like a flex
get on with it so that you can't see my
belly no wait no I just felt like
juicing off of it today even though I'm
not really doing too much that's why I
wanted to film at least this video ok
sorry I put up a status thing updates
like 5 minutes ago so I'm just gonna do
some random questions again there are a
hundred and seventy comments already so
definitely got not getting through all
of these Pamela asked how can you afford
all of the makeup you have I am
incredibly lucky because I am a blogger
a beauty vlogger I pretty much get a lot
of the stuff for free I have like heaps
of PR companies like Revlon's Pia
l'or√©al's PR Maybelline Australis leo
le heaps heaps and heaps of different
brands and they will contact me with the
new products and it's not like your
typical kind of YouTube guru that will
get sent free stuff to do reviews on and
you know use all the time it's literally
those team meeting stuff or see me new
stuff and if I like it I might show you
some of the stuff I don't even know end
up using and I give it away I don't know
it's like literally I get so much stuff
that I pretty much use what I like and
I'll show you what I like I don't
necessarily do reviews on everything or
anything like that as you've probably
noticed as I don't really do reviews a
lot so I'm incredibly lucky and then
anything else I'll pay for like I still
pay for a lot of my makeup in the way
that I fought there's pretty much I work
very hard you know you saved money like
I am a very good say about voice I've
been brought up from when I first
started any money my mom always taught
me to save my money my parents don't buy
any of my stuff kay asks what's your
favorite thing about YouTube and it
probably the fact that I've made so many
friends like subscriber fiends and other
youtubers have become friends with me
because you know we have the same
interest like I have friends in real
life they aren't necessarily isn't
immediate makeup in here and fashion as
much as I am Kelly is now but like you
shouldn't be used to be so like I never
really had anyone to talk to about it so
that's one thing I really really love
and also like all my subscribers are so
supportive and you guys like make my day
like every day like my my subscribers in
my viewers have made me a better person
and have given me more confidence and
made me feel prettier I never felt yeah
I always kind of felt kind of not pretty
but people just kind of boost my
confidence and makes me feel better
about myself and believe in myself a bit
more Nicole asked do you like sushi what
flavor do you like I love sushi um I
really like the chili chicken flavor and
I like chicken teriyaki avvocato but
only and like some of Akismet used to
wintertime they ever gonna taste like
complete crap autumn asked how old were
you when you first day against makeup I
was really I remember when I was like 5
or 6 I used to get into my mum's makeup
she had a big Elizabeth I didn't like I
shadow blush palette and I used to get
into with my fingers and just like rub
it on my face is he getting so much
trouble it's quite funny cuz now mom
says it's like payback she comes over to
my place and she'll like get in till my
hair care like try out new things and
she thinks it's awesome she tries out my
skincare she tries out my makeup she's
like that's payback for when you were a
kid and used to get into all my things I
last what is my natural hair color mine
every hair color you can sit here at the
moment it's pretty much medium well
actually not me it's light brown dark
blonde it doesn't really look duck balm
on camera it's like right in the middle
of doctor light brown like it's neither
he and Aleeah
but when I was a kid my natural hair
color was Alban so it was like Road Doc
Brown with like reading it like not
orange II read but like read and in the
Sun it looked bright read but it's not
like that anymore TV cast what is your
favorite comfort food my favorite
comfort food would definitely be pasta I
am a huge pasta fiend I love pasta also
pizza I just absolutely loved them like
I always feel like complete crap off
great peeps a little bit pasta just
makes me happy I'm
ah stupid crimson ass was my favorite
childhood memory um I don't want to tell
like a downer but I really didn't know
like my childhood at all like I kind of
hit a really unsteady childhood but one
thing I remember that boy's makes me
happy when I think about it well there's
two things one was my dog Tinker I had
when I was growing up she only died a
couple years ago she was real old like I
had her for years and years and years
she was actually technically my
grandparents dog but she was the most
amazing little dog she was Jack Russell
Fox Terrier kind of thing I think but
she was like amazing I just remember
playing with her like wait a huge amount
of dude I used to get in trouble because
I bury her bone and there and like
digging it to keep it out of my
grandparents will I stop digging in
there that's for the garden I'd like you
do it all over the front yard and also
when I was a kid I remember going on
road trips with mum and we used to sing
ub40 my favorite song emma is you before
they don't break my heart it's like I
don't know it reminds me of good times
when I was a kid I'm sorry I don't
really know how to pronounce your name
but it's Nyssa or Nisa but she asked do
I enjoy reading if so what kind of books
yes I love reading I really really like
kind of crime books mystery crime murder
book stuff like that like be my favorite
I kind of got into like those ones that
were kind of like romantic and also like
crime action mystery I don't know but I
really like the ones that are all about
death death and weird people dying and
all sort of crap like that
Simona asks do people come up to you all
the time like oh my god your YouTube
famous not all the time but I have had a
lot of people come up to me like
yesterday I was in town I had where what
was it the lady at Gleason said she knew
me a lady at another shop said she knew
me they had like three different sets of
girls come up to me so hi if you're
watching whenever I go to Wellington I
always get recognized whenever I go to
all clear I always get recognized not
everyone comes out to me but people
don't come up to me and ask for photos
it's quite surreal because I'm actually
like such a shy person and I'm kind of
like like Freya a Swede another
boyfriend tag with Hamish well I haven't
done one with him you but I will do it a
boyfriend tag with him eventually I
suppose as long as we're still together
but I don't want to do it just yet but
here we go
when I hit 200,000 subscribers on my
main Tina will do either the boyfriend
tag or he'll do my makeup or something
like that but you'll see him in vlogs
before the end like definitely my voice
is correct miss Sadie said transform
American in one of your videos I am the
worst person it exceeds I could do like
a stray lien accents but then what
everybody trying to do American eats
it's a top-selling British it's I don't
know I'm too embarrassed Katie asked
what hip into the PD kitchen a lot of
you already know my exposure is way too
high no wonder I look so pale hold on
got less bitter I've seen it a few times
on Facebook and things the beauty
kitchen is a no-go for now because Kelly
got a full time job and I can't really
manage it by myself
in my kitchen is too small and we used
to film at her house and it's just like
I don't know she got a full time job so
basically we have no time to do it we
have no way to do it and Exeter Exeter I
think I like it brighter but I look so
pale but it just takes the shadows off
my face
preyus friends just go I can't say that
name I'm sorry um I would be the worst
teacher she asked how is your puppy
doing is he okay okay so since my last
question on some video I did get a puppy
he's adorable I really don't want to
talk to her much about him at the moment
because I don't know if he's going to
live if you follow me on Facebook which
most of you guys do because you ask me
questions but you've seen a couple
videos of him and plenty of photos and
here's the cutest dog he's the best dog
I fell in love with him as soon as I
bought him home so did the rest of my
family and Hamish and you know my dad my
mum the reason my family
he got parvo virus which takes at least
three days to actually affect his body
so he definitely hit it before I got him
so he's at the vet now and all they can
do is put him on a drip for hydration
and wait it out and give him antibiotics
so that nothing else kind of attacks him
while he's down the first day he was in
I took him in light as soon as I knew
something was wrong like I woke up in
the morning I was like he's not right
but he improved from it first day but
since then he's just kind of stayed
stable which is neither good nor bad
thing it's it's good because he's not
getting worse but it's not great because
he definitely still has the virus so
pretty Rex just gonna wait he's ghost
via for at least a week end I'm not
allowed to go Sam which is real
heartbreaking yeah hopefully by the time
I upload this video I'll be able to say
he's home or I don't even want to think
of the other outcome page asks do I
still study no I don't still study
I left course a couple months ago or a
few months ago because it was literally
I had anxiety attacks
I was crying every night I did not like
it wasn't like I wasn't like I was
passing enough I could have probably
done it if I really tried but it made me
I actually think I was saying to feel
properly depressed so I pulled out of it
Kelly didn't oh she felt just as bad as
me it's not for me I don't regret it at
all because I did get a lot out of it
which is helping me now when I'm
building my own website and everything
but it's nothing I would want to do for
my life for a living I wouldn't want to
work with someone doing their kind of
job so I'm definitely glad I like
figured that out when I did so I
finished a year and a half I suppose I
don't really I don't know I never really
thought of saying anything on face I
mean on Facebook on YouTube before now
and no one really said anything but yeah
I'm not doing that anymore and I'm kind
of just chilling working doing YouTube
trying to figure out what I really want
to do in life Alisha asked what
qualifications do you have in makeup
none I am self-taught and that's there
Jesus are you gonna get a boob job yes I
am since I lost weight my boobs shrunk
so much they've shrunk over to cup sizes
pretty much and I just want my pre
weight-loss boobs bit a lot of people
are gonna be very controversial about
that I am gonna vlog like the entire
process for you guys even though some of
you will hate that a lot of you will
find helpful because I know that it's an
option for like tons of women out there
especially after childbirth after weight
loss or if they were just not blessed
with boobies in the first place and I'm
doing at 100% for myself even hamish
tears you know Shannon it's a waste of
time like I don't even care it's not up
to anyone else
it's 100% my own decision I'm doing it
for me I'm doing with my own confidence
you should love yourself the way you are
but if you can fix it if it's gonna make
you happier then go for it as far as I'm
concerned
firuzan us when we come to Auckland
probably next figure ish
I'm moving up there with Hamish and one
as good mates is up there already and
we're gonna flip together and the reason
I'm going up there is pretty much
because I can do YouTube and everything
from anywhere if you find a job anywhere
Haymitch wants to go up there it's a bit
of lifestyle in pommy where I live it's
pretty boring and eventually we want to
go to Australia now last question is
from Katie as their support truck
becoming friends yet well the one day he
was home porkchop was running around and
Zeus was chasing him not like in a bad
puppy way but he was like playing with
him like chasing him around and poor
truck would like get up on the beach and
they'd get down and run the opposite way
and Zeus would chase them and it was so
so cute like it's just the cutest thing
ever I couldn't even explain I wish a
video did it so thanks to all of you
that have been giving us like like
keeping us in your thoughts keeping Zeus
in your thoughts and praying for him and
everything I really think it's helping
like he's not amazing I've try not to
cry right now but um you know he's not
doing worse and he's not passed away or
anything so you know we're just going to
keep positive and hope that he can pull
through I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I'll talk to you soon
