hey everyone today i'm doing a random
question vlog because I haven't done in
a while people looking requesting it so
I asked like 20 minutes ago to write
down Reena questions on my Facebook page
which the link is probably down below
otherwise it's YouTube but thanks Viktor
: / share next so YouTube like the same
as my EXO username so I'm just going to
pick random ones because there's a lot
and I can't go through them all okay so
the first question I'm gonna answer is
from Doris and it is how did how much
ice cube is girlfriend if you don't know
I know her boyfriend yeah
else people have been asking when I wish
you may actually gonna get together and
it happened it was pretty much a mutual
agreement be honest he didn't really ask
me out it just kind of was like yep
sweet way skin the nails would you even
go back to being a brunette asked Susan
I'm sorry if I said your name wrong
yeah one day but now I really like being
blonde
I just feel like it's so it's my skin
tone bitter and I don't know it's just
more fresh and I feel like color suit me
better being a blonde and I don't know I
just like it better
plus if I went Britney akin or read a
Mike he would be completely fried like
it's fried enough as it is
Molly asked what do i order at Taco Bell
Harry New Zeeland we don't actually have
Taco Bell and I actually have no idea
what they serve but I'm going to guess
that they serve tacos I'm making tacos
that I like I'll put tacos I'm a pretty
good cook to be honest
Deanna Lee asked how do you deal with
the negative comments from people easy I
completely ignore them like already I'm
gonna be like cool story and move on
because I get a lot of positive energy
from you guys which thank you um yeah
like I eat so many nice people that
they're like couple of people or each
video there say something you mean I'm
just like whatever I don't care
I feel like negative energy is easier to
just completely ignore you you don't
even think about it if you just don't
think about it too much and don't take
it and just ignore it you can just move
on with your life pretty much
Ali asks what do you do if there's a
zombie apocalypse to be honest I always
watch scary movies and I'm like screw
there I if I saw a zombie coming at me
I'd probably be stunned and I wouldn't
want to move like I'd be too scared to
move I'll just be standing there staring
it or like okay so I'm probably just
myself get annihilated by zombies just
tune into it some be myself and go eat
people do I have a birthmark yeah it is
right here and Jesse I'll set Victoria
asks what your current plans for your
future career travel etc but for my
career I don't really know I'm working
on starting up my own kind of business
project thing which obviously you guys
will find out more about as I go along
at the moment it's just research will
trace on it up travel I am moving out to
Oakland probably January Phoebe really
hopefully if everything goes to plan I
don't know what else just go with the
flow I guess is not really else much
else I can do I really want to get a
puppy though not thinking about kids
anytime something cooler so it's kind of
ask there I don't want kids for like 10
years or maybe not 10 years but like six
or seven or eight years you Sam said how
long have we talked about doing a video
to get a bit new Bruce Lee done it this
oh we just get drunk and be awesome
instead
yeah well Sam you need to come to my
house into my makeup like we said you
would and you make me laugh when you
jump all the straws outside can't thank
you but if you love him probably you
know exactly what I mean he jumped on
the moon was funny Erica asked how many
boyfriends have I had um if I count the
ones that were actually you know worth
mentioning just to UM the one I'm in now
and then my ex Richie you guys probably
know who he is if you've been watching
me for a long time but there might only
two really serious boyfriends wanna ask
my first kiss details this is juicy
my first kiss was done the Hydra slides
at the Lido um I can't remember what the
gay guys name was it makes me sound like
a bit of a slipper no I was really young
it doesn't make it sound any better I
reckon you guys should write down your
first kiss details down below I want to
see if anyone else has any embarrassing
ones
Kelly just told me that this was drinks
in the bottle when she was like eight
Sarah asks what I even dye my hands to a
pistol car definitely I really want to
do like pistol purple or pistol pink or
something for a bit if you've got any
product recommendations you should let
me know Annabelle asked what my favorite
alcoholic beverage is I really like
cocktails with Midori coconut milk
Malibu and pineapple juice mixed up with
ice so good it's like tropical and
Caribbean tasting
what does care of it in taste like you
know what I mean fair nasty even have
moments when you just take it want to
take
break from YouTube or do still love it
as much as when you started honestly I
still love it as much as I says when I
started the only time I really wanted to
have a break was during summer holidays
last year because I was just going
through a bit of a rush stage of my life
I guess we don't was like breaking up
with my boyfriend and you know I was
hanging out with friends a lot it was
summer I just wanted to hang out in the
Sun and not worry about anything I just
wanted to have me time and friends time
like they still uploaded videos during
that time but I just wasn't very
consistent but it's about the only other
time I've not been consistent in my aim
for this years to be consistent right
the way through somebody anyway which
it's gonna be a completely different
situation hopefully because hopefully I
won't be you know in the middle of a
breakup Britney asks do I have a job if
so we do you work yes I have a job I
work casually in a delicatessen also I
get paid from YouTube if you don't know
YouTube people get paid through
advertising like it puts on videos and
everything that's the whole reason why
YouTube is free so that I suppose is a
job also and have Philippa ass do you
have monsters living under your beard
I've never been one to believe in
monsters other might be to be honest
everyone's like oh my god if I leave my
foot dangly out I'm going to like I'm
sorry house just shaking the camera um
the monsters are gonna grab my feet if I
didn't got my feet off the bed but I
actually sleep so good when I lied beard
and I have one of my feet jammed down
this edge of the beard next the wall
like dangling I don't know Geordi asks
were you just in the plaza with Kelly if
so I love just good and if not all good
I was in the plaza we just meet to cheek
up on the plaza and I'll put a link to
it down below cuz I'm pretty sure that's
up now but we just meet to preview the
advert on it the advertisement that me
and Kelly acted and we're really it's
like a shot of my mouth and shoulder of
Kelly's enough but yeah I'll put the
link down below if you want to see it
necessarily asked am i religious no I'm
a doll I don't believe in any kind of
religion I believe in try to be positive
as much as I can I don't look down on
anyone that has a religion I don't put
them down for any reason it's just my
choice to not have you know a certain
person did I look up to I just kind of
live life as I love it I just go with
the flow and injera asked do you have
any tattoos
what and where or if not what would you
want done I
I have 40 shows I guess I've got and
swallowing on each arm I don't have a
tattoo in piercing video on this channel
I have kicked camera sitting on the back
of my shoulder and white ink and then I
have a robot on my foot which I guess
I'll show you Cokely even though we
won't say that II there it is the upside
down but the robot is definitely my
favorite to do um but yeah that's what
I'm gonna answer for now because my
battery is flashing at me it's going to
die any second so hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs up if you want to see
more of these from me and I'll talk to
you soon bye
