hey everyone so excuse me absolutely
crazy crazy here um I've just watched it
and I'm letting it air dry so it's all
like okay if you want any what's on my
lips I'm wearing make me pink by
Maybelline looks like this
so finally filming my updated tattoo and
piercing video because I've been getting
tons of requests to do this mostly
because I've got new tattoos obviously
since my last video which is on my
chantix o channel link down below
my last piercings entero video I didn't
have any tattoos I don't think maybe had
one I'm not sure but I've taken out a
whole heap of piercing since then I'm
pretty sure like I used to have like my
smiley done and my frowny done and my
thing underneath my time done and my
nose done and all sorts of crap I get a
lot of people saying to me that I should
get my lip pierced or my nose pierced
but I've had my nose pierced like five
times like on both sides they said both
sides done one so they had one side one
side one side hit it on so many times I
love it that I hate it that I love it
I'm so indecisive so I'm just like nut
that's it with my look I I don't know I
just don't really find that appealing so
I'm never going to get my lip pierced I
don't think I really get any more
piercings unless they're on my ears okay
so I'm gonna start with my piercings
that I still have summer is assuming I
still have two holes I don't usually
wear anything in my sticking low poll
and then I have I can't remember any of
the actual technical piercing names
anymore to be honest I used to know them
all off the heart but I don't really
care anymore I have this thingy and I
have this thingy and I have this thingy
so this is just like real basic it's
just a stud um that hurt I don't know
it didn't really hurt it was really
quick this one's in hurt at all it's on
a piece of cartilage that I just ran
away hit that I was gonna keep my oh
this he looks I think I was going to get
my indie helix done but then I just got
this bit done because it looks cute and
not many people have that one and then
this one here was really great I got it
done and it didn't go through any like
saw stage or if it did stage or anything
it healed really well so that was cool
and I just have the plain stud and
they're still I don't really like having
you know anything stupid flashing in
there and then on the side again I have
holes you might be able to see a scar
from a piercing I used to have just down
here and then I have tow up here and I
really want to get like in here done or
something like that I don't know I'll
think about it then I have my tiniest it
it's pretty basic
I just put um belly bowls the play stick
belly balls on my tongue bar so that
doesn't damage my teeth and then what
else do I have I have lipstick on my
teeth
I have my septum pierced I put a bar in
it so I could show you guys because I
don't think I had one in last time but
I've had this done for I should really
tell you when I gobble these I think I
got most of my ear ones when I was about
16 my tongue I got for like my 16th or
17th birthday probably most 17th
birthday my septum I a pierced myself
bad but I did
did I really hurt it just stung like
make your eyes water cuz you know it's
your nose um I got this yeah when I was
I think I was 15 or 16 it was one of my
first piercings and Aaron pads room
looks like a booger hanging out of your
nose yeah I don't really wear it I just
have it done so that's what that one
looks like if you were wondering I think
the only other piercings I have in my
bellybutton
Bali Mardan bellybutton piercings I have
it done twice didn't hurt the first one
was my first piercing when I was 15 um I
begged my mom to let me get it done I
got it done right abroad they numbed it
it was just the procedure so I don't
know what that felt like but my bottom
belly button piercing didn't hurt it
hurt more afterwards like because when
you sit down obviously a bins a bit and
you know when it's trying to heal it
kind of like scrapes and it hurts but I
love these and I'm not going to take
these out for like ever
this one here is from ebay now on there
I don't know I'm a piercing place and
then I have four tattoos I have a burn
on each arm this one here was my first
one and it's just flying down then hit
one on this arm and this one is flied
out also but this was like a shot from
above like they are different not sure
if you can see they're from a different
angle but I got that one done a year
after that one I got this for my 18th I
got this for my 19th and then this
year sometime this is hard to show I got
this key card today I'm not sure if
you'll be able to see it's in white ink
I get a lot of compliments and questions
about this one but I still have some
like black pigment today I think it was
from when I was wearing a saying that
what the devil has done the singlet was
like brand new so the black pigment kind
of like went into the pigment of the
tattoo which was really bad but um I
just need to get it touched up a year
which is fine obviously it can't even
focus this but it just looks like that
and then my last tattoo is on my foot
and so many people love this and so many
people hate it but I love it I'm the
kind of person I'm not sure if you guys
can really tell through watching my
videos but I really don't care a lot
about a lot of things it sounds kind of
bad but like my boy is one of them I am
a visual person I love art and
creativity and crap like that
like getting a tattoo is just whatever
to me I think when I'm old like who
cares about Ted who's like Ted owes on
all people are bad us and it's like god
you're going to look just exactly when
you're old anyway like titties I'm going
to measure so this one on my foot is my
absolute favorite tater and Kelly
actually drew me a picture I was like
can you draw me a picture and she drew
it and then I got it tattooed on my foot
and it said hot pink ink and I loved it
and yeah a lot of people really do love
it I mean some people at mind was like
Cheryl what the hell did you get that
tattooed on your body for but honestly
whatever you think I don't care I love
it it's gonna be so awkward to show you
I'll show you it upside down so that's
what it looks like so yeah um my tattoos
I should probably talk about pain
these ones felt like a fine tip in
drawing I ever really high pain
tolerance I probably shoulda see that
from the beginning like I don't know
what it is that I have a really high
pain tolerance so those felt like
nothing the one on the back of my
shoulder I couldn't even feel the one of
my foot um on my leg around my ankle it
kind of hurt a little bit more but
everything else felt like nothing as
well those are my tattoos and piercings
I currently have I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and thumbs up if you enjoyed
it and I'll talk to you guys real soon
bye
