hey everyone that we are doing apologies
no um we're well it's Friday today my
birthday's on sunday so we started
celebrating today me and Kelly mama go
down to the Wellington and we're going
shopping going out for dinner what are
we doing tomorrow shopping then we got
two little friends and we're going
clubbing I've got a family's honor on
Sunday but I would do some vlogging for
my birthday and yeah show you my outfit
and I got shoes on yet but I'm wearing
this dress i got from super a for like
ten bucks it's just like a tulip dress
as that was it is it's got lace on it
and then about from supra as well and
then heaps of bracelets which were from
like diva in a quest and a skull ring
and my nails were done by katrina at
magic here i'm a magic tan and beauty
nails whatever mikey is natural and then
my makeup i'm wearing torn oxa lipsticks
i don't know the names of them they're
like nude and pink and then i'm wearing
bright purple eye makeup which although
I shows my mac i know there's like
beauty might in fluid or remove bought
the purple colors via Oh wog today we're
in wellington now
I'm freaking seating old is that there's
a concrete mixer and we're just going
along the waterfront and we're just
still go fight apart so you can go
shopping oh there's the cake too I don't
know if you can see mom wants this ring
here where's my finger good enough that
one right there it's 25,000 I'll save up
for it for a birthday 25 it's all yes
25,000 25000 so pray this is like my
dream universal look at this motion
starbucks tradition colors chillin is
Pikachu that's swift movement so I'm not
like just hey Pikachu oh yes perfect
yeah nice painting
I probably haven't seen more than about
a week later
this is Kelly's she got chicken and
mushroom pa- hair mushroom to lady what
did you get I time of the same as
llanelli this is neil and nothing I like
five thanks i can do it oh I'm blogging
John this is for me what do they call it
it's wrong it is yeah I'm a white boy
imma go ahead Josh oh my god should be
hecka my high heat some ye
you
I got bigger talk we might go faster
oh oh let's say 10
oh alright that one you'll get because
it's just a gun yeah you have another
shot you've got this you got this if I 1
million people watching
Oh
Victor this wasn't going with you yeah
i'm just going the wrong way
stop
you
