hey everyone excuse my parents I've been
really really busy today but I wrote on
Facebook what video you guys wanted to
see so many people see room tour and I
never wanted storeroom tour because my
room is really really really really
boring and me see I am a messy person
and this is what your back says about is
clean is it'll either get I seem to
function a lot better in miss like it's
like organized miss like I know
everything is but as soon as I clean my
room and put things away I have no idea
where I put them um yeah my room's not
that special it's kind of Blair but I
just wanted to film it because you real
wanted to see I hope you guys enjoy it
for what it's worth and I'll talk to you
soon bye
okay so as you're walking you can see a
bigot cruiser stay there
my room is not flesh as I said there is
a cupboard over there a desk a beard and
then more stuff over there so yeah I'm
just going to show you first of all my
wallpaper is from Guthrie Belle run I
get that a lot this is the back of my
doll I just have a bag of 'some clothes
in it and then it this is a full-length
mirror yup
and I have these little heart stickers
that I got from typo I think I just
stuck them on there so that it's just
the back of my door and it's really
handy for you know checking it out fit
and doing your makeup and stuff like
that and then just here I have my
wardrobe at head doors that I just took
them out because that are a penny off I
had some drawers down there with a under
wearing the jobs and stuff and then I
just hang everything else up here and
then I had some of my shoes up there and
the Resta hidden down there somewhere
now I just have my tripod chillin there
life of a vlogger and then I'm my
cross-trainer just here out of the way
cuz when I exercise I dragon the center
of my room and look at this mark F this
cupboard here was from mum's house I
don't know where it's from there's
Kelly's makeup because she's dumb she
lived here Bateson I have my perfumes up
on the top drawer is him my favorite
ones and then the rest is pretty much
alcohol the shelf here is from the
warehouse and I just have some skincare
on the top
and then my makeup bag because I'm going
to Kelly's letter and then I just have
pajamas and makeup in here weird mix I
know I have my lamp down there for when
I do make it in reading videos and then
this is where I do my makeup so this
desk here is from the stationery
warehouse was real cheap and I don't
know where the smell is from because my
mom got off music gift it's really
really handy it's just like a hideout
magnified mer really good for doing my
makeup my makeup storage is really
boring it's hip these little container
things here it looked really ugly but
they did the job and then I have a
mirror up on my windowsill and the in
here is have some of my brushes and yeah
usually this is covered in makeup but I
tied it up for this video and then here
this is like my bedside table again this
is from the wee house it's just a to
draw cube thing I have my contact
solution a bottle water and some what
brushes and then I just have like it's a
random crip down there this is my bead
here I'm really messy because I've been
lying on it all day but my bedspread is
from Briscoes and then I have a make
blanket and two pockets and porkchop
this pretty much a daily accessory to my
bed and he loves to sleep on my pillow
pins so those are pretty much there for
him then I have my computer the MacBook
Pro and the case on it is from ebay on
the end of my bed I just put all my
handbags cuz they're really you know
it's easy to grab them there and then on
the other side I had some scarves on
this side of my room all around here I
just have plain white wall paper and
then just here I have a door that goes
out onto our deck this um shop here I
get a lot of questions on it's from the
stationery warehouse also it's just like
a lettuce I'm not stick a letter
bookshelf down here I just have an oil
heater
Bunnings 30 bucks and then I have my
freelance makeup kit down there and then
I have these bosses they got from a
warehouse and I just have all types of
stuff in there and then in here I have a
bunch of like nail polishes and just
stuff like that I'll save my JHD is my
hair dry here because I do my here over
at this Murr here which I'll show you in
a second and then I just have
lots of different decorations and I keep
earrings in here I have another camera
up there and candles and yeah
and then I drag my TV which I probably
use twice in the last year but it's just
up there it's folded all my dead bolted
it on to the bookshop so that it kind of
just we nicely and then oh here I have
another bookshelf this one is a four
shelf as well this just looks after all
my own body creams and hair stuff so the
top two shelves are basically just hair
products and then down the bottom I have
some moisturizers and the net riders
have like hair ties and um hair brushes
and things like that on the top I just
have some random bracelets and some wine
glasses and hair ties and things like
that just things that I wear often they
can't be bothered you know putting away
properly okay the necklace stand I
believe I have no idea cuz it was a gift
I'm pretty sure I saw one like this at
streets ahead and then I just have a
bunch of necklaces hanging from there
and it just looks really pretty and then
I have this America as well I have a lot
of rows in my room this one here is
actually a jewelry storage unit so you
can open it up and you have all your
jewelry and stuff so yeah that's the
view of my room it's really boring it's
not very pretty but I thought I would
show you because everyone requests that
all the time
and I'm sorry if you see anything on the
floor a vacuum cleaner broke when I was
trying to bedroom today I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
