but I'm their vegetables yeah there's a
cameraman orange carrot mushroom
probably meet you get closer tomorrow at
the Italian bakery again the same thing
as last time chocolate croissant this is
like my fan take for the week mum
reckons the school should be called
Hogwarts because it looks like Hogwarts
instead of well double with I don't
affect you looks like the hot links but
it's not that it's like feel like it
could with the big peaky boobs and
things are not in a little creased the
line on it yeah I have like no makeup on
right now because we've got to go well
I'm about to go get my eyelashes done
getting I'm getting eyelash extensions
so I love it after the doctors yeah this
is the motorway awkward this is why I
don't like all good well then that opens
all right but the traffic starts but it
is speaking out refer that's true
hopefully won't take too long so we're
at the ashley allen eyelash extinctions
and this is in the neat ball seemed a
tip line neatly simple
that really you here we are was Ashley
dying Shannon's eyelash extensions so
she it slightly and relax well as she
does the magic
so Ashley's busy junctions I licious and
if you can see in the video that Isha's
data focused the side which looks
amazing and if you compare it to the
other side just take a photo luck Ashley
and chinon with the finished product
okay so we're all done it Ashley's
eyelash extensions shinan looks lovely
and this is Dean and she has beautiful
eyelashes done initially and her lovely
eyelashes too and Shannon was the
finished result model to make upon of
course because she said o'licious done
but they look lovely time yeah it's a
menu underneath this
so busy this Rumble so busy here oh yeah
they did mike judge that garlic pizza
it's gigantic we chose
everyone's instagramming this is the
wither on the way back Percy down so
I'll show them I'll show you guys the
hotel when we get there and then
tomorrow I'm getting my nails done so
we'll blogged it because you guys liked
the last blog and yet so that's where
you come in behind the curtain there's a
window in a wardrobe it's our luggage
here's the bed this one's really nice it
was really cute and the TV's up there
and then has a cupboard in a tailor
table we just got a real basic room
here's a microwave and we'll kitchen and
then in here is the bathroom think
that's form a really quick video if I
can work out my camera the shower toilet
camera oh and I just got my lashes done
i'll show you i just realized that you
were releasing them but they look so
good so i'm going to like put on makeup
just for this video and take it off the
video because it's like a Mako removal
video we're just okay I'm gonna talk to
you we have we're just getting ready and
we're gonna go down the road and get our
nails done look at these things chipped
nails terrible don't get all the diamond
really nice glass here we are magic
tenon beauty again chaniz having him
nails done and who toes done just gonna
be very glamorous canals
well that's a yes this is a bacon
lettuce tomato with chicken it tastes
like heaven so good okay so you just saw
from mums awkward accidental blog they
were just at a PR company via PR a lot
of you guys will they see me stuff every
now and then but a lot of you guys will
love this because everything is natural
and organic and all of its new zealand
stuff so they gave me some goodies to
try so thank you if you're watching I'm
so excited to try some stuff out and
they go through this um trilogy rose oil
and apparently it's like one of the most
popular products so if anyone's tried it
let me know how you use it and what you
use it for and I'll let you know what I
think of it but yeah so that was so
generous with them and even mum got a
couple things I might try the man's
trilogy products trilogy and some yeah
and lovely hand cream and I some and
night repair moisturizer see ya that was
real cool i was just emailing her and
mentioned that i was in auckland she's
like can you come see me I want to meet
you so yes that was really good so now I
don't know really what we're doing
Hamilton Oh tomorrow yeah not since you
are good things you know what's on my
lips is that it knocks her one of the
anak said I can't see my Instagram good
though um yeah so we just in Auckland at
the moment no one's run into me or if
you have you Davis said hello
this is Ponsonby we were at the moment
it's so cute any types of cool buildings
around wish i could have logged like two
seconds before i started because there
was all these really cute house and
things about you ponsonby auckland I
like Auckland Mama's printing out photos
for scrapbooking because she's making me
a page on Fiji Emma this month darling
these all that oh Jesus a Jew if you
want to see my Fiji vlogs they're on
this channel so just go through my
videos there's like a ton of them me and
Kelly vlog each day can really see where
I was going which is the main problem
really
