hey guys so it is Thursday morning and
I'm just going to pop on a little bit
makeup because I have my hair
appointment in about 40 minutes or so so
I just want to apply a little bit of
makeup so I don't look like a potato
face as you guys know you've got little
foils in and you just look at something
where like this is my life this is how I
am this is how I look this is how
everyone sees me it made me time and
Vegemite toast and a gigantic coffee I
need to get out this habit but I kind of
just don't care right now so good and we
got some straws I was just reusing my
plastic lines obviously you still got to
get rhythm eventually which is that the
environment even though like we recycle
and stuff but anyways got some middle
ones hopefully they're good so that no
we're usable handy
we make it we only made me no I'm here
on my toes
where
it is like your sole job
not purple
you soldier
simple natural makeup today my highlight
is loosening by the way I really care
about too much coverage willfully touch
up my makeup lighter so do some
Instagram photos um I just want
something on my face so don't feel like
potatoes I said let's say so it said
that I dropped my visa toes it was a
really good piece of toast - these are
really nice they're really like oily
feeling in a good way
this is pampering thing I cut my lip oh
I didn't they go swimming okay I'm on
the way to my hair appointment um so
he's my little before clip so how looks
afterwards oh I need to put my knee
better in this one is going dead
fresh hair first home looks so much
better and I go to trim I needed a trim
for the head looks so good getting along
now doesn't say top I got you later
hey gimme a mushaf here is a cool fire
tree which is the woman's refuge op shop
so dropping off heaps of amazing shoes
if any of you guys are a size 7 or 8
then go check out the cool factory
because obviously the money will go
towards the Mormons refuge and helping
people they kind of look like
through the camera but most summer in
like new condition so yeah go check it
out - grace - most people in it oh hey
hey what are you thinkin these giant
two-faced boxers bucks
I'm in my underwear right action with
that TV show just got back from the gym
I love a con did you guys get would you
think we're looking after bow while
Kelly is moving she's moving flat hello
you guys are such pigs look I've already
finished and he's still going huh yes
thank you
they're like best friends so and my toes
go on focus and I'm going to film a
giant unboxing oh hi Sarah you come to
see oh look at you guys did they run the
carpet again oh look the boys did you go
to that five minutes the cleaners pause
oh wow we'll just have to clean it up
again later Hamish just vacuumed away
all the month this morning because our
dogs have been obviously running outside
to go to the bathroom coming back in
dragging mud every week that's been
raining why did you do he said I'm
sorry man
can yeah that's okay it took it
hi so now put a run because I've been
the point in like 15 minutes
Pez entomology now
so this cardigan shows the other day
like you guys know and the shocks are
destroyed which is like a castle family
so they're ordering new ones in from
like wherever the heck they get them
priced for coming over in Europe and
also why am i windscreen wipers going
off right now with the stereo and
everything is not working properly so
luckily it's still under warranty even
though two years old to like the three
years old I can't remember they are off
to entomology which you don't know what
entomology is it is so amazing it helped
so much for my street level eventually
been going my family last year maybe for
the deli this year something like that
and it is amazing the Austrian feel
circulation it's also amazing to help
with stretch marks going even like to
tighten and firm your body so I hear a
little sense and things it's not like
liposuction or even obviously completely
non-invasive basically it's a machine
that rolls over your body and it just
like squeezes your audience really weird
at first I mean first got kind of the
workers it's like squeezing your
circulation and everything but once
you've got a few times it doesn't know
as much as your body is just inflating
so much recess I'll show you where I go
set quite expensive but honestly it just
makes me feel cozy and for a good an age
of mysteries and stuff it's just so
worth it
all right Tony Rose had to drop off
Hamish
because with a huge screw when we were
driving Eastern the Range Rover the
screw like Henry said the hit of it was
like their thick it was like a big like
house girl something like that went
straight into my eyes so we just popped
in and got that sex luckily we didn't
have to I buy a new tire they just fix
the pipes cool did we make up let's look
at kind of average right now it looks
like for like sailing off because I was
on my face for the entomology I was like
and then I think we're going to grab
some food because neither of us is eaten
all day and it is 3:30 p.m.
so this will pretty much be like almost
dinner rush to a snack like oh so I'm
still hungry but Jenna what we get I
think maybe just half way or something
hmm
what did you give her animation now new
ball
these are his favorite water do you like
cheese Tim what's the word Cueto do a
bitter one Matt okay close think you'd
rather play touch a tug-of-war huh I'll
squeeze your face with my thighs
squished squashed pretty good back Oh
caught it come on come on
who's woody doesn't it ever eats it up
here
one more Oh Oh make sure lovely me to
now stand back
so shiny learn a bit in Indian first
swim swim and sobotka rockets mobile
nope hamish what are we doing tonight
this channel is chosen video or shellac
veneer or whatever the you can a
Makana Shan is all about the only in
life and on Nora
hey I should say I don't like Andy
afraid anymore I don't like it
I've never really loaded it whatever
ahead of others compromise a lie
yo man a hell is so bad right now my
skin's all dry you know what units are
large mechanics my makeup bow-wow
we're hinged oh yeah a mascot fishing
trip
mmm please news
why are you ready - I was going to ask
the blahs why you always get a chicken
sausage for free why the family may
still change yeah this was you can
supply the house them really doesn't
matter
normal but we are we not a cent a song
where it's really good
