where else that turn greenwich park at
the moment so Caroline Powell ET and
many more with a less than spectacular
start to history day be putting a little
bit of pressure on board
No
hi
he's got cow skin baby doing what are
you doing Auckland has welcomed us with
beautiful weather today
is mum hi mom oh this is nels mom's
house we're going to the falls this is
what New Zealand forest looks like birds
and stuff here's the waterfalls and they
look really duty because it's been to
think I was writing the last few days
but normally it would be clear water
about all the muds coming out of first
lens into the water however we're bad
better production Mary woods place are
our cookie case I'm out of food that
beautiful click wings and blue body and
lovely wood beak long skinny eggs it's
another one over here bear a little
funny looking what looks like a chicken
unfortunately all I mean up being run
over and hurt by cab which is a shame
your knee I said on the road my lunch is
now late Ali on the roof it's cold we
wait the fudge shop indeed fudge farm
were town basin Fung array and we got
what's this one called Oh old fish and
creamy fudge no what's it called russia
russian vanilla Russian fudge in this
one is mine Mick demian make a damia
chocolate fudge and it's so good we're
gonna go get careless and oh you're more
important I would know
look
come on come on stop it mean to be
losing you a little bit ly but you might
start freaking out that's how much our
petrol costs a leader two dollars and
four cents point nine why do they do
that do what paypoint note of a scene Oh
looks like folks not
well
do you remember what I was a kid a race
to beg you to do this it's a cooking
stuff
a powerful looks like blood
stop it
mazon a dollar
vibrating the car
parole
but say something operationally
and a pope that's how I roll my car runs
road ragin you're running into Dylan
just like the driving a bomb Wow a
little ridiculous women James you think
they would Jam oh yeah tell Maria book
all do a motel tour so this is the
entrance and with a jagged couch and
it's Hal a the desk and a random table
this is sorry tomb then a single bed and
then over here we have the kitchen which
we're about to cook dinner and then and
here i was going to film a video but i
think i might wait till another motel
because this room is tiny and ugly when
the toilet oops toilet and gigantic mrs.
like king size bed over here but is that
even a king I'm sure that's bigger than
a queen bed in this mirror what the
beach you must end any wine glasses a
little insider must be having big party
big baby or just have like 50 woman in
this beach hahaha pause this motel
called something like that hey this is
our motel room Oh
because
we wrote in a while so he's always loud
sorry for
whenever I come back girls being like a
light Jamie flag I can't do to be
working i'm sure you my mother for ya
animal print miss rabbit child shrimp
again Friday like Bruce Lee Park a body
workout and I walk in the spicy
Oh
break a show
I'm sexy an hour this is on the
boogeyman discussion is about something
just to extract am from her lungs via
her mouth and try and knock off as many
kids as you can without knocking off the
last 1i random Vance I'll get shotgun
drinking pineapple juice this is a rain
event I have been all the cars are off
Sheamus Logan's been effect was there
qoodles can't breathe out my anus hey I
don't know let's see how are you guys
each other
deal a row
kiss me through the phone see you when I
get home
Oh
oh it's nothin when you look at me baby
ok down why cuz the tournament blog it i
miss my ass is my private bathroom
