hey guys random topic Vlad time I just
put up a Facebook post on my facebook
page link down below a hold of all task
for you to leave me a lot of random
topics that I could talk about I can't
go through them all because there's oh
I'll talk briefly about a few of them
for you so the first one is my turn-ons
and turn-offs i assume we're talking
about police here turn-ons love eyes
people like pretty eyes on my god
personality definitely like i love funny
guys um you know guys that aren't afraid
to speak their mind you know I hate kind
of not hate this a harsh word but guys
that are really quiet into it and you
know no guts when they have like good
people skills like talk to people i
don't know i really like that turn offs
when they smoke liars all the general
obvious things like I don't know my
perspective on music um I don't know I
like pretty much every single genre of
music um I get really annoyed when
people say like because i really like
dubstep and staff people at all thats
not even music has just like sound
there's like like when pollack made his
paintings we didn't even touch the
canvas it's like kind of like the same
thing they're not actually creating the
music i don't know still sound and it's
still rhythmic Ruth met I don't actually
think I'm trying to create a word just
then still got rhythm and everything are
we gonna have hops getting really crap
lately though like the stuff they're
releasing is just like pointless and
like seriously it's just got like a
catchy beat and then they just saying
super words like swear words and Sean
the church of the flying spaghetti
monster it's quite funny it's like this
guy I think he was from like I carry my
Europe somewhere and he argued and his
like passport photo or license photo or
something he wanted to wear spaghetti
strainer on his head because he was an
atheist and he supported the Church of
life's begin monsters because he thought
that he could believe him whatever he
wanted to believe and just later a nice
believed in their gods end everyone and
in the law at sit there
in your passport photo you are only
allowed to wear religious he get and he
said well my spaghetti strainer is a
religious headgear and eventually he got
to wear a spaghetti strainer on his head
and his passport photo and they call
themselves passed a pathway pastafarians
I thought it was really funny my
favorite movies um I really like so many
movies um I really love iterated ones as
well like up I love that movie I really
like to read dog it made me cry so much
its film to Australia and you should
definitely check it out it's called rude
dog I really like stuff like Laura
biting citizen as well action movies the
comedies love comedies like an 21 Jump
Street that was hilarious I really want
to see that new movie there he's in you
know where is a stripper hmm what love
means to me I don't know it's not like
it's hot I don't know love is just being
able to be with someone and be happy and
be content and not feel the need to go
you know get with other people obviously
like even if you never have like people
are in like their like completely
different people and have nothing in
common like just because they enjoy each
other's company and they understand each
other and they respect each other have I
got bieber fever no I don't have bieber
fever but I have to admit this new songs
are really quite good I loved what was
that one with Ludacris in it baby yeah
just cuz it was catchy like don't judge
I think everyone's song they're really
who's my celebrity crush okay I have a
husband's all right if you know me in
real life I have many husbands people
there i'm just going to stalk one day
and hug love mike posner he has a
freaking sexy sexy voice Ludacris is
just like my babe like he's not that hot
but he's just also like he's ludicrous
pharrell williams holy crap here is for
hot Robin Thicke just cuz he's got a
sexy voice and he's got like you know
he's got his like I don't know I've got
so me on a sec ago all like gone all day
I really want to do that tag with kelly
it's like like crashes and I don't know
it's like a tag about like your
celebrity crushes and all this I think I
should do it with Kelly video I
great filming I don't think I have ever
regretted filming a video like every
video I've put up it's not like i've
only had hate on edureetha I've had
videos there haven't been super popular
in like you know they've given God and
thought tons of thumbs down and stuff
but I mean some people like it and if a
few people like it then yeah like my
galaxy nails tutorial I said that
getting wasn't that great at it but
people wanted to see it and so I did it
anyway and heaps of people like this is
crap you know Shannon's crap it's
correct that's correct but then I got so
many twitpics and so many Instagram
pictures of people tagging me like
Shannon I tried to allows and I love
them and my friends love them everyone's
asked me how to do them and that makes
it totally with it it's so cool to see
people do things that you do like and
they came out really really good like
everyone's a really good job my three
favorite things about New Zealand and
three things that suck about New Zealand
three favorite things about New Zealand
um one New Zealand is freaking beautiful
I've traveled a lot of places and new
zealand is by far the prettiest country
I've ever been to it's so natural
there's so much like so many trees and
so many beaches and just like really
nice landscapes and it's beautiful um
the food here is fantastic amazing
delicious like our meats like a lamb and
beef and everything like we produced so
much of that here in New Zealand and
it's delicious when I went to Ireland
I'm not gonna be rude but like the meat
was nothing on ours and you know I just
pretty much a vegetable is over there it
just wasn't the same and like I don't
know I just really like the food here
it's delicious it's kind of expensive
but it's malicious there we have
socialized vegetables and fruit and all
sorts of stuff the other thing i love
about is alone I love in I hate so this
can count as one for both two degrees of
separation here in New Zealand you know
one person who knows another person
every time every single time like
somehow if you randomly run into someone
and Oakland and I'm from Christchurch
that I'm not from Christchurch but
understand and there is like such a high
chance that somehow you know someone
that they know or something like that
ladies just two degrees of separation
everywhere it's insane everyone knows
everyone you kind of keep secrets in
towns like this so it's like this
country's like this so a couple more
things I don't like about New Zealand
everything's freaking expensive like
makeup
is it insane like heaps of things are
just insanely priced just because you
know we're so far away from everyone
else like yeah there's the exchange rate
but then on top of that is free to call
this net in this net there's not as many
opportunities here is there are in a lot
of other countries like I mean these
limited jobs and things like that in
certain fields because obviously we're
very eager cultural inclined and most of
the jobs aren't like bigger cities like
Oakland Christchurch Wellington things
like that like my city there's not far
you can go I suppose it's something
that's not that great I mean that's why
so many New Zealanders move over to like
Australia because there's so many more
jobs and opportunities over there such
like it's obviously a huger country so
my favorite animals or pizza ever had
when I was little I had a rabbit I had
my first birthday party and the magician
pulled a rabbit out of his magicians hat
and I got to keep it it was amazing I
had roosters once they were freaking
cool part from one time they chased me
down my back yard I like actually nearly
peed my pants also it's good I loved my
rats my rates with my babies if you've
been watching me on youtube since the
beginning you've probably seen them i
did a video with 11 time on my shoulder
it's probably not up anymore i don't
know um but i miss them so much but if
we've had right to know that they only
really love until they like between one
and two years old and they passed away
hmmm obviously i love all my kids love
my kiddies and i love my doggy I just I
think I loved every single Peter I've
ever had i had budgies ones I've had so
many random animals like guinea pigs
mice I had my son I used to put them on
those little keyboard keyboard
skateboard and pencil sharpeners and
might push them around okay my better is
that she like dying so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I'll talk to you
soon bye
