hey everyone I just felt like filming
randomly and I couldn't really think of
anything to film a video about and I was
going to ask you guys for random
questions for like a random topic video
but then I was like what about doing a
how to start your own beauty Channel
video because lots of people asked me
for my advice and tips and everything my
here what did I just do there for so you
know people are you know what are your
tips how do I get subscribers how do I
start what video should do first but a
little of luck so I'm going to address
some of those things talk about me first
at first I can't even remove what my
first video was I think it was a
tutorial or something and then a few
videos long I actually did a Qantas
entry on someone's um you know contest
video and it was a video response and I
made a video response tonight she got
like 100 subscribers or something like
that from their video which is a lot big
thing so they've got me kind of started
and then people saw that video and they
were like oh how did you do your makeup
and ah can you do some more videos like
this so they kind of gave me a basis on
what to make videos on if you're not
into creating video responses and stuff
like that it's a really good way to
start but I mean they might not be
videos around or might not interest you
or whatever I think the best kind of
video you can do first of all is just
like an introduction video like hi my
name's Shannon and I'm gonna do Beauty
videos and I'm really interested in this
then this net I live in blah blah blah
um no just something really simple in
the I was suggest doing you know an
everyday makeup look like if you're
doing makeup videos like you know if
you're into fashion do official videos
don't just do everything because you
feel like you have to only do what you
want to do so mainly I might be your
everyday smoky eye that you like to wear
every day or like your go to accessories
or just anything you know door what's in
my bag those ones are really really
popular um I was just making video
responses like if you don't want to my
bag video and you know let's just say
makeup by Tiffany D even though I don't
know just someone uploads the same kind
of video go to the video and you know
leave it as a bit of response so people
that watch her video my god look this
some more I can watch they might you
know click on it I used to do a lot of
video responses like that as far as
self-promoting goes please
don't go up to popular gurus on their
videos around the comments oh my god
guys check out my channel oh my god
don't just do giveaways for the hell of
it because chances are if you don't have
many subscribers they're gonna be like
oh look she's giving away free stuff and
I have a good chance to win so I'm going
to subscribe to you into the contest and
then if I don't want I'm just going to
unsubscribe again you know like people
I'm just gonna stick around you need to
give them a reason to stick around um I
used I used to win I could actually keep
up every time someone subscribed to me I
would say thank you
just a little polite you know I went to
the channel just right thanks for
subscribing and also like allowed me to
find other people's YouTube channels I
made a lot of YouTube prints through
that be patient like you're not going to
get 10,000 subscribers in a like week
you know I think after like a year on
YouTube I can't even remember the actual
figures but I'm surely after yeah ahead
may be a couple thousand subscribers
like less than ten thousand do YouTube
for the right reason if you're one of
those people out there and I have seen
channels like this people they only
start making videos because they want
free stuff and because they want money
don't do that please like it's so
obvious I mean on girls channel is an
every single video is sponsored it's
just ridiculous you know like be I don't
want to say bit like me but like you
know I've got hipster friends on YouTube
in each other they actually do videos
because they enjoy making videos and
they enjoy helping other people and it's
like oh but I'm like I like helping I
like making videos because it's fun I
love the people I meet you know I love
interacting do for the right reasons
another tip is just be yourself and it
sounds cliche but honestly I see so many
people studying YouTube channels they
ask me check out the channel I go on and
they're acting it identical to like
juicy star or makeup by Tiffany D or
just someone like that like you know
that they the way they kind of I don't
even know how to explain a bit you can
just tell you know there's no
personality there they're just trying so
hard to fit in and be someone who
they're not like you can really tell
when people are themselves if you like
to swear to be your head off in your
videos who cares don't think just
because you swear there's going to be
all these people that I don't know what
you yes that's true but there are going
to be a whole bunch of people that will
love you for it that's just one example
but you know anyway it goes no matter
what your personality is you're going to
find people on
YouTube and also have subscribers that
are going to be just like you um keep
filming
make sure you practice a lot before I
uploaded a video I filmed like four or
five videos I didn't upload them on to
you teachers but just there but just to
kind of practice talking to a camera
because it's obviously a very very audit
first make sure that your quality is
decent I'm not saying you have to go out
and buy a Canon camera or anything like
that but I mean just use a really nice
light digital camera if you have a
really good quality webcam or something
like that not one of those webcams
that's lagging and your voices at a
different speed to you know what's
happening on the frame and your lighting
is terrible and the shadows everywhere
and everything looks dark blue like make
sure that you have like I just film in
front of a big window like that's free
just find a spot in your house be have
nice natural lighting or like if you had
some white bulbs or something like that
you can use just make sure that your
videos are you know visible they think
about it what I watch when I watch its
Judy's time if her videos had this
quality kind of thing like you know what
I mean like there's people that quality
is bearable it's probably me I have a
really good camera I use a Canon 60d but
I don't upload an HD because here it
would take hours and hours and hours and
hours to upload it and half the time the
internet cuts out before it's uploaded
stuff to start over again and every time
I trying to upload an HD or take me like
a couple days get up so what I would
rather do is just put out videos that
are good enough quality for you guys to
be able to see me nicely and be able to
upload them regularly that's another
thing don't upload 20 videos in one day
it never works like when I first started
my videos I just like upload a bunch in
one day but people aren't gonna really
like I mean some people would but a lot
of people don't want to sit there and
watch like 10 videos on one day I think
people would rather you upload like you
know a couple of times a week so that
they were regular and you had something
to look forward to and it's just it just
means that your videos are going to be
spread out good amount it's what I do I
try to upload every stick and day on my
main channel I'm going to try and start
getting into a bit of routine or my vlog
channel also but yeah it means that you
always have something out and if you pre
record your videos you can always have
something out no matter what's going on
in your life you know you can just carry
tracking on people
always here something to look for - it's
a really good way if you say you know
I'm going to upload every Wednesday
people will come to your channel and
have something to look forward to
honestly don't worry too much about
views I was getting barely any views at
first I remember when my videos were
hitting like a hundred sub I mean a
hundred views each I was like holy crap
you know like you can't expect just to
make it big I mean some people YouTube
do like they're really lucky but I mean
I've worked really really hard for where
I am now and I'm so grateful for it all
don't do Sufis ugh that's stupid if you
want people to check out your channel
maybe just tweet them or something and
say hey if you had a spare moment this
is my channel don't force it on people
be like check out my lives video I tell
me what you think and retweet the symbol
like you know it's not that bad
sometimes but I mean I know from
experience when you get there
over and over and over and over again it
gets kind of tiring and you just you
know there's just so many people out
there you just need just like make
yourself stand out really like make
video responses to people and like take
that kind of Road and then once you have
a decent amount of subscribers you can
start you know promoting your self
through or like Facebook page or
whatever you know put all your pictures
on your face I mean your videos on your
Facebook page and just things like that
um you know just social media is really
good make friends those are basically
the things for starting out they like
just don't be annoying make sure your
videos are good enough quality be
yourself because people will be able to
tell when you're being yourself be
honest
don't fall for companies that may owe
you and ask you to do a positive review
or something like that like just because
it's free it's not worth it
honestly I've never done that I've had
people contact me and been like oh can
you please um put our website on your
video before that even stick me anything
and I'm like hell no that sounds dodgy
you need to have morals you need to know
what's right and wrong don't fall for
the great YouTube like free stuff trip I
mean I probably receive well receive
emails not the actual products but like
20 times as many emails as the stuff I
usually ever show you
I only ever show you the stuff that I
love in you need to be like that like
there's nothing wrong with promoting a
company as long as you're being honest
and you're only mentioning them because
you actually genuinely love them
it's how I see it anyway I mean I know
that's a really touchy subject on
YouTube so yeah um if you have any more
questions maybe leave them below and I
could do a part two
yeah hope you enjoyed this random video
excuse my makeup that's quite boring
isn't it it's just foundation mascara
and next nude lipstick Black Label
lipstick so yeah I hope you guys have a
fantastic day and I'll talk to you soon
bye
