just walking across the road so I can
show you the water oh my gosh it's so
bright and I don't even hear sunglasses
here's what the beach looks like some of
it
it's like 9 a.m. right now I mean
there's trees everywhere then mom and
then I move on flesh houses all the way
down the street I just love the beach
it's freezing right now well it's
actually warm but the winds freezing
ouch
so Hawk
I'm pays like the famous drink in New
Zealand and it was there's like a
sickest thing here and there's like
these kids rolling around this thing was
really fun but I think I would get
frowned upon if I caught them it to be
honest boobs are out there's a creeping
me out of it
Shannon's playing the games a little
makeshift circus I wonder sure win a
prize foreign teams today and it's a
beautiful sunny day did you have any
luck
hi I just talked to the yeah yeah yeah
what just turned to the boss although I
could already hear it for the injected
caught up with Elmo and he wants to the
real ones
AJ defeated the hell of how much
we shadows
we're going to the face and Hamilton it
was a way of the show just back we're
going the base at Hamilton which is a
shopping company
it's really bright just throw my
bracelets
I instagrammed a pic of them if you
wanna know where they're from we can't
hold it
I will sleep all the time okay factory
this is the base they've given sample
for in Hamilton I've got the message
opping the center and over there they
have an outlet shopping center and just
hit it over here just win them all
got some bracelets
I'm just timing a lot little um this is
our motel room for the night it's
freezing in here that this was the last
one they had we caught up got a table
and chairs
Murrah heater oh it's cold
there's a bidding on my crap I don't
even know I don't okay there's a TV
Marat sure who's cold it's my outfit of
the night I'm going to the casino mom
gets back she's just doing a work thing
I've got bracelets diary show you I
think I already showed you um these
leggings are from surprise
this tops from blessings and they're in
oh yeah that's the kitchen
Wow let's go and drive area impose it's
freezing I'm gonna get I'm gonna think I
might get changed temporarily
I just paying my nails and the colors
are the fun something sweet by China
Glaze in China Glaze agent lavender and
I used the seller Hansen nail set now
I've been using it most days because I
have really thin
breaky breaking news and see show v top
kart so i did one hand like that and
then on the other hand i just alternated
yeah and then these the bracelets that i
ended up by these two kids that were
like $11 age i think this one here is
like a pesto green in spiked bracelet so
on trend at the moment in this one here
is like a circle leavened away I just
think it's so pretty
I love them both and right you can even
with these together with like other gold
bracelets are again like if you'll bring
a really simple outfit or something like
that
so you're still waiting for mum it's
only 7:30
it will probably eat later this is my
old bracelet my favorite bracelet I
think they also what we do here we're
off to the casino I'm looking about
rugged and disgusting it's mine
something I just uploaded give them doma
makeup do do is to go check it out on my
main channel if my video is out showing
up in your subscription box make sure
you follow me on Facebook or Twitter or
something right there and then every
time I upload a video you'll be notified
because I know that the subscription box
is like playing up it's 9:22
which is skycity
