did you get your take
and
then I'm so goes apopka mccrimmon solid
why would you do that how's your trip I
don't even understand why you blog your
own meals are like them
I don't see why you no one wants to see
what you eating weed because
it's faithful
well quickly
it's really close up on you
we are going ice skating like and will
real soon Kelly's just coming over and
out me and John and her colleague can
you hear that giggling what giggling
some joy laughing
I'm not at all
it does disclaimer that's not a good
thing which were scared there's a look
at three where we've gotta run
oh it's like kids agree with but a dirt
I feel so fashionable how are you moving
what me doing it Thanks I can't do it
he did this to himself oh my god you
demon dog demon dog me doing why am I
washing I don't even know how to make
coffee myself she's never like this what
does she normally like his skitterish
right away mmm her name is cookie and
she lived with me and when I lived with
mom but now she lives with mom and with
mom at the moment no just click on my
computer she's going nuts she's so
pretty when did you buy her for me what
Helen was I series my sixth date was it
okay why she's done to my computer's
where are we going today
today I'm hoping it will make all laps
coromandel really honestly yeah doesn't
that like a la not not some product on
the coromandel bit base it sounds like
we're about to hit the desert road which
is nothing like the syndrome Peterson or
bottle on yeah it's not even really a
desert compared to what most people
would consider it is it but there's
Mount Ruapehu right and then they
narrowly over there yeah I crossed that
mountain is the worst I my life
there's that repair closer missin
before 12 and big event coming up next
spaced and the skis I would a water
this is well it's the roads on the
desert road look like so as you can see
I deserve road hairs trees and there's
about was it now Roy and its really
pretty around here there's a cool car up
there that yellow one to you like an
old-school you do you know what kind of
don't age if we go past it will
travelogue it because it's really cool
yeah I know some of you want to see what
New Zealand looks like there's the car
the one at the very front on the track
so cool this is like taupo you can
barely see this trees everywhere yeah
you can see it here quite bright but
there's what does it look tougher
we're just driving around
lake taupo is about the same size as
singapore figures example is singapore
this is taupo flaked a plug-in cow pose
are really pretty what does that city
excuse my appearance I don't have much
make form that latest stopping for lunch
in Talpiot the background ethnicity but
you going to this cafes sirrah see euro
cafe and topple
I forgot to vlog my meal but here's my
coffee it's so amazing i got the spinach
and feta feel i would you get if i can
leave bit making me better on me yum so
good going down the road and editing a
video in the car topic rich- toppy
bridge we're near where we are in
between town on the mound damn mm oh no
II said that his energy one of those I
always just called them out it's really
pretty
we're at the mount now we just mean into
the shopping center i bought some
bracelets there's all the fancy houses
along the beach I'm sorting out the room
so I'll show you what I got quick I got
this from playing everything was five
dollars and I just wanted this because I
already have one like this but it's time
to break so I just cut it for that and
then it comes with like random other
stuff as well and then I got a skull
look where the skull in well it's just
girls letting go there's five bucks and
then just one light what I got yesterday
that I didn't show you but this one's in
gold I got one in silver as well and
they're just really simple name from
t-bell got some one of them fell out but
it's just like cuffs and these were like
1099 and they're just gold cuffs them
Neal's ringing and then I got these for
22 something for 23 bucks and you get a
peace sign thing and you get white
skulls and the reason i wanted it was
just for this so yeah you heat them when
we clip if you've been looking for them
because all the USA youtubers seem to
have all these spiky things so if you're
looking for them they are adequate I
mean diva they're probably equipped to a
motel room quickly you walk in there's a
couch visit being me and mum is sleeping
the other there's a TV this wall been
microwave hello
this is the shower it's a big shower
thing toilet and then that and then a
mess of morrow see when you're paying
you can wash yourself p here's my outfit
of the night we're just going out for
dinner my hair is all over the place I
don't really have much make Vaughn just
mascara and lipstick and stuff and then
let's talk some blessings and then these
diggings of wrong room spray shows from
number one shoe warehouse and then
random bracelets I've just got them all
on top of here anymore black but I don't
have anything black too well with them
so it'll do
are the flashers on so what else did you
say the main the chicken the second
thing down she's Kastigar encourage
tiger and come on route 7 which is my
Midori and pineapple juice brand
marketing to make sandwich what's are
usually luncheon is and I wouldn't need
every morning is cold picture frame up
Elmo tells module here money animal
sleeping short yeah hey i'm chelsea
occupy don't wanna change if you sort
out the cream okay Melissa needs to
victory boy yeah the fried in the middle
thank you yeah before let's go I want to
light you go
