before I even start but the lipstick I'm
wearing is fish in place by chichi my
clothes is from a clip I think and if
it's not from a quick
it's from Davis my nail polish by Mickey
don't know what the colors are called
but by Mickey from Munich you I have a
tutorial coming on my main channel of
this entire face makeup but until then
here my lipstick is by chichi and it's
amazing and it's neon and I love it so I
needed to film another vlog thing and I
don't I didn't I didn't do that last
topic we should mine because I was sick
like I asked the questions and then like
the nice tiles just like did so I
thought I would make up for it by just
radio it because I couldn't find the
questions and stuff because my facebook
page is like billion people comments
long and everything they don't even make
sense but today question and answer and
um you're not going to answer every
single why because he's like 65 but I
would do some ok so Caitlyn asked what's
been a real high point in your life um
are you can the best like kind of points
in my life my last year of NCEA when I
got really good marks at my first year
of uni right got real good marks both of
those were pretty good now I kind of
lost enthusiasm and the course I'm doing
I'm still doing ok but I want to not do
it anymore but I'm gonna push through
this year how old were you the first
time you drink alcohol a sinner hmm
right I might want to say oh say and all
these people be like holy crap this so
young but um it's kind of normal over
here like I feel bad saying normal but
it does no more over here in New Zealand
if you look at my other blog so on the
side oh my god you drink all the time
and I mean it might seem like that
because I'm I follow my videos I film
over a few days or like a week or
something and then put it all into one
video so like if there's drinking and it
kind of seems like I'm drinking every
single time I upload video it's just
culture in New Zealand drinking is
actually part of our culture the first
time I drank alcohol the fish first how
am i doing alcohol I was like six or
something but I didn't get drunk or
anything and it was a good accident I
asked my dad also he did stuff cause me
is like yeah drunk it some of it like
not all of it
like scold a few mouthfuls let's taste
we in taste awk Fripp that has like
Jemaine that it was just next that I'm
obviously after that were like shouldn't
do not go near that every game the first
time I actually like drank drank alcohol
like 15 I can't remember exactly to be
completely honest with you but maybe 15
Lizzie asked what's the best gift your
friend has given you uh me and my
friends don't really do gift-giving I
don't know a bit days and stuff we
pretty much just buy each other like
brace in town for a birthday here's a
shot one of my friends Daniella bought
me like really nice necklace and
earrings see it I still have it and I
really love it
have you been city raves ass chuckling
um or dick :
I don't really know sorry um I don't
really know what the writers like in New
Zealand what is that equated to and I
can answer that in a different video
I don't really know what arepas jay-z
asked what would I have for my birthday
if I could hit anything
um plane tickets to the United States
Michaela what's my favorite type of
music to listen to
I love dubstep and electro stuff and I
love like Chris Brown and Ludacris and
stuff like that as well Sean asked me
what am I scared of my biggest fear is
falling backwards and it sounds really
stupid but if you think of like EPS
sailing we usually like took backwards
off the cliff that is my biggest fear
medicine asked have you thought about
doing any meetups um kind of but then
I'm caught and don't think you know I
would come and then I'm kinda like not
got much time they don't travel match
even I'm traveling up north
next week but I won't even need time to
like actually organize I made up for
anything I don't know it kind of scares
me I'm such a shy person when people
come up to me sometimes
like in real life and go like okay I
usually am it's really it's not I don't
want to say it's awkward it's not really
awkward it's just like I was like oh my
god it's cool though but I don't know
like I reckon I'm doing one day starting
are we he was a train with the states
and si have you if you have already
where would you like to visit I haven't
but I really really want to go when I go
like New York California I don't know
like la Hollywood all that kind of cool
right like famous places that everyone
talks about on TV and movies and I don't
know just got your really record shop I
don't even care just go the United
States what is the biggest lie you've
ever told us Gabriella um
maybe when it got back from Korea when I
went to school I told you front I could
speak real good Korean and like right
and Korean and stuff like oh could you
say my name in Korean I just make up
like a like it was stupid I was so young
it's probably the biggest lab we were
told but like obviously eventually they
figured that out no one really kid
because we're we young they were just
like oh you're Samia that's how much was
your wallpaper and where is it from and
it's one of my most asked questions ever
wallpaper there don't remember how much
it was I think I was like twenty five
dollars something like that a roll
maybe mm-hmm and it was from I got three
bow one she also asked what is your
favorite and mix of alcohol to drink
I've got heat at the moment I'm loving
coconut rum and pineapple juice Ashley
asked would you give it do a room tour
your room looks cool means thinking
about of Ages personally I don't like
watching those videos so I don't know if
I'd be able to just like not justify but
like give the video justice you know
make it a real good video or anything
like that in my room is really boring
and I don't know maybe but not anytime
soon
well it's one thing you're great in life
and when was this I don't really have
any regrets because I suppose there's a
reason for everything is stupid in
cliche as it sounds like there's some
things that I want to think I regret but
then I think about the way I am now and
like all shapes me if it makes sense
like I don't know I just don't like
there's nothing that I can think of that
I regret you know in life will make you
what made you glow
what made you go blonde to us see me um
I'd head ducks Brown here for ages and
I'd been blonde before if you use
beforehand and I really liked it but
then I got sick of doing my roots so I
died a bit brown so I wanted to give it
another go and I just needed a mess of
change because I was sick of around here
and I didn't want to go read because
I've been read before it took ages to
get the read out of my hair so I just
winged blob the lighting just changed is
because that my memory cards filled out
it took like 30 minutes to get
everything off of it
so that can complete to continue filming
and I could have just taken off like it
wanted me to I just realized but I
didn't think of it until it was already
started so whatever um
ELISA asked what's this shot in Tommy to
find good cheap clothes I would say
maybe like TMT in valley girl I don't
know all the shops in Pali I kind of
like the same price range and we should
go to like looking wild parents but more
expensive but it's also in quality
anyway there's nowhere like real cheap
or anything like that where did you go
in Ireland I went to UM Cork
today I got a cork yeah I think I meant
to Cork oh my god I can't even remember
I've got like videos on my channel
though if you want to go watch them I
would say right was there if you could
only eat one thing with the rest of your
life what would it be
consider it well let's just say if I
could eat it without getting fat Oh
eight-eight booting through small life
or I would eat pizza very small or pasta
carbonara from a pepper it's so good
where am i American Stars and Stripes
leggings from they were from boho calm
are you planning to come visit Australia
I'm planning on moving to Australia at
the end of the year endure for the year
sorry maybe the Perth probably Perth how
many siblings do I have I don't have any
my parents weren't together for very
long after they had me um so yeah no
siblings did I feel that is quite the
other night yes I did I was freaking out
I was watching a movie with one of my
friends and on my order he's like what
say it I was just like freaking like
scary seriously it was quite big like I
know it's probably nothing can be alike
Christchurch and all that but seriously
they never have been that kind of
powerful around where I look if you had
the money to come to America would you
yes definitely I just answer a couple
more because it's getting really dark
and I'm going ice-skating soon yeah
why's your room always messy long
because I'm barely ever home so when I
do get come home it's just to get ready
and I'm gonna rush all the time so I
check everything everywhere I'm just a
messy person Jarrell how old am I I am
19 turning 20 next month in the 12th of
August where do you get all your makeup
I mean where you get all your money from
for your clothes and makeup
I need that question so much it's kind
of odd obviously I work for my money and
I save money and then I'm also a YouTube
partner so I get money off youtube so
yeah my parents died by for me my
parents buy pretty much nothing for me
yeah I'm very independent with my money
one more why were you living in Korea I
lived in Korea because my mom taught
English over there for yes so she took
me with her hope you guys enjoyed this
video
I'm sorry if I'm a bit blah I'm just so
tired and I don't even know just
stressed
um and picking for going away next week
and I just needed to get this video up
so I hope you guys like it and I also
choose me bye
