yeah I'm gonna go
or at a tiki bar so tiny yeah my blister
evil is that taking my foot hips
scratching me every time I look at my
talk don't you are you going up knocking
my computer off he's saying hello he's
so cute
you sticking your tongue out if you guys
follow me on instagram you would have
seen their picture of him he liked his
sleeps with his tongue hanging out he
looks hilarious being wait stop it
you're gonna teach and see you when you
get that double chin what's your home
what's squashing you he's embarrassed
your food doesn't taste great what are
you doing my coudn't those are new kids
what are you doing jay says we're gonna
bring it kit I am taking off my nail
polish cuz I'm gonna do a galaxy nail
tutorial I start ripping it off in the
shower I'm a god my kids are going nuts
you hear that I just filmed a chitchat
he really likes a bit umm on this look
because I just
Kelly's underwear oval we're gonna go
get some sushi and then chica max for a
speech they speak under
I can't remember I need better post shop
then I'm gonna go to her house later
today's pretty boring I just want amar
to come so that I can go get my tattoos
so I vlog hopefully this vlog would be
pretty long yay
these lip print leggings that I got like
a couple years ago from well a year and
a half maybe where are you I don't know
from TEM - that's so uncomfortable but
just like the way they look so whatever
I'm wearing across t-shirts should I
just show you my room such a mess I
haven't cleaned it from last time we
drank here's you can't see oh that's
what I should say all these people my
last were like holy crap that's so bad
if you drink that much alcohol blah blah
cuz your house showed all the alcohol
which is over there obviously I did not
drink all there and why not like I would
be dead like seriously people I know
drinking is bad for me whatever I don't
smoke I don't do drugs I don't do any of
that other crap I'm allowed to do
something that's bad for me don't care
honestly yeah I don't drink all day
don't want that
anyways here's my shoe
it's just like this wallet stops being
damp and gross this is a little funny
bit my t-shirt thing is from sir pray
and yeah team ting I haven't got shoes
on yet anymore I'm just having a lazy
day ever
I'm wearing circle lenses I got some
more lenses off whilst our website
picked a paradise yep and these ones
have blue and green and then except the
green just matches my eye color so you
can see those speaks of blue my eyes
look really big
Kelly's over there are you or not
I just film my fitness and weight loss
video it was being requested forever and
I go to my bikini in it so let's see
what the reaction is but honestly and I
just asked my Instagram and Twitter and
stuff what people saw were like you know
what you should do it because it's a
weight loss video and people want to see
you almost naked even if not like I'm
always naked I'm in a bikini I am not
ashamed of my body at all I mean if it
was perfectly acceptable to walk around
naked all the time I would that's the
kind of person I am I think it's kind of
similar to a lot of like New Zealand
culture like you know we all like to
wear skimpy little outfits but
apparently not everyone in the world
does because I get a lot of hate just
for wearing short dresses this the only
reason I kind of asked but I mean
hopefully the people they're real
sensitive to it just won't bother
watching the video could be really long
and people that don't like me won't
watch the whole thing and they won't see
it anyway so we'll see what happens but
I mean you guys wanted to say it so I'm
going to include it probably because
you're my viewers in you want to say it
so I'll do it because I'm not the one
that said bears about it don't worry
about me but just you know the other
people and everything um so I really
hope that my video doesn't disappoint
you guys this videos probably gonna be
out before that one what differently
will be because I've probably got two or
three weeks before that video will be
really tough like um I'm just really
worried that I'm going to disappoint you
guys because it's really simple and I
didn't really do that much to lose
weight kind of came off naturally just
by changing my habits my eating habits
and things but I'm just really worried
that you guys are gonna be gutted
because you know I don't know I don't
know what's running through you guys
kids do you like my outfit I'm wearing a
men's Cheers
a problem came up I chose my outfit like
three times today now in a necklace and
a circle scarf and I'm storing a bikini
because we can't use it so company to
wear instead of bras and I'm wearing so
oh did I already say that I think I did
I think I'll put a link down below if
you're interested I usually put them on
first I was like these are ugly but I
like no I think my hair is in a bun
again because I'm too lazy to straighten
it and there are my kids can you tell
how it scientific Odin's finally you
know how cold it is being my room
without curtains and it's like the
middle of winter
I think leave my nails if I didn't show
you already do this tutorial don't know
when it'll be up I got a dog voice so
they don't really stick the most I don't
think I can film the voiceover and I'm
still waiting to get better so they can
film the voice-over for my well is it my
shorts video you know those shorts that
I made how I did a tutorial I still
haven't done the voice over so I just
want to do that as well so yeah um next
on my nails I really want to do a gold
18 finger or I want to do like a big
diagonal crossed and do like what is it
like glitter on like half let your half
glitter nail my dad's home now I'm going
to go say hello
well I wasn't supposed to film myself
just in my beard I just wanted to show
you what videos I have to upload um blow
to one today
so I try to upload a stick and a kind of
well this one that is a how to contour
tutorial this is a makeup tutorial this
has been uploaded there's a blog latest
on now I've got a video this is script
music it's me careful slide
it's my earrings yeah yeah so yeah
that's what I've got to upload and I'd
film today a to chat and I filmed now
tutorial and I filmed a fitness weight
loss video and then I've got to edit my
shorts video next to the videos I've got
coming so far so if you've got any more
requests leave them on Facebook for me
to read
I'm wearing the same leggings today and
I really thought just make a
clapping this is my lady here
look at those fruits
I needed demerits of it I did he wanted
to do if I only took like the ones on my
Patek because I was going out and a
couple nights when I was doing it so I
just did the bits of my hunting and I'm
wearing circle I told you that yesterday
this is one third Thomas today hello
circle is loose so don't like three
times the staple on what's your outfit
look at you you tape
what's your top caught it on junkie we
wear half face get you sometimes David I
remember the hit heaps of coaches for
ages I stole have you tried by the way
okay so I'm wearing a circle scoff this
is from caught it on the necklace is
from ruby earrings are from Lovisa
showed you their gang strong team T I'm
just wearing a black singling it from is
that a girl and then my shows are from
them one she warehouse and then I've got
galaxy knows if you can see
yeah I felt a tutorial on them
I don't know if it's good though anyways
watch
it is not something I want to see it the
way where's the fish
you did you get the exam know you got
one least of these did you Sam a pig
Kelly's Nelson I stuck it to the carpet
Thanks
yeah this color
the pink is China Glaze sugar hi
Kelly's instagramming her nails you
should follow her on Instagram I'll put
a little Instagram name below I can't
reach I did her nails we did it cross
and glitter tips things triangles I
don't even know it looked quite pretty
hot pink lips on Mike who's I was just
telling Kelly about how I like the
extreme lip creams by NYX neater if you
own them I think so upstate because you
guys all see that they talk so he gives
really I'm actually kidding I was
completely being sarcastic when I stood
there and everyone's like I hope you're
not serious cuz that's so tacky I know
guys I was just kidding but here's a
sneak peek of something that might
happen
to make me back there and stuff I only
go down if you keep your grades cut up
here to the back head to the firm we out
lately I don't know okay run away to Inc
yeah just hit big a king how was it
yep
a little turn and I got my back touched
up but later on at the moment
my legs bleeding look how much blood is
on it oh right hmm mozzarella look at my
leg it's a robot it's Kelly Jo does it
really
it's pink was it pinky
yeah it's just been bleeding I'm riding
Spitzer we're making pasta bake my head
is still bleeding a bit got a guy
retsina sick me
I got my one on my bake touched up I
don't even know if you can see ya laters
it's fine enjoys alleles okay what
listen to it
