John said fuck so bad so oh are you
kidding i canno she lost our camper
mix-up cheers girls I know what's up oh
yeah stop that's awesome I can I don't
say yeah thank you boy I gotta turn the
flash off like it mrs. languages it was
the last time they don't do their face
one off you go get my clutter what sure
this killing yes Kelly just did the
blindfold makeup talent challenge that's
11 I'm about to do her i'm going to
upload mine me doing her on my channel
and then she's gonna upload her doing my
makeup on her channel but hers will be
up way before mine so yeah i'll link it
down below if you want to see it pork
chops OG he hangs out under hit he
sleeps underneath hits rookie ah how
cute do you know what else is cute I
don't know who won I really don't I
think we both did a brief look at that
I'll either look down look at this one
pretty your lipstick I just feel so
beautiful right now I just can't get
over it someone said you just like being
punched in the face
we're getting marshmallows with the
chubby bunny challenge yeah big value
pack and
just film chubby bunny in nearly
suffocated to do let's name mokey mokey
yeah what does that mean smokey butt
monkey since Kelly's cat this is the
annoy one sat what's this one's called
no called Tiggy Tiggy of course oh I did
my nails i'm not going to show my face
cuz im sick here's Kelly's hand it's
Kelly's we did them together yeah I'm
gonna do it to Tohru even though this is
like this much ever done it and it's
probably really crap that that's pretty
easy yeah was practicing karate get
better are you doing do you look
prettier galaxy nails they suit you
we're at the traffic lights we're going
to find one
very good turn around
the plaza to AB what would I take it up
here to rescue you why don't plan them
Oh John no down oh I can flog your tater
later yeah well you know you will write
the Tedder place
this is our way in here that suggests
that this is the Tedder place inc here
we go
Justin so tomorrow that's right what
stood it was it is it friday okay well I
was just try forgot what day was I'm
gonna get this tattooed on my neck
before Ginga time yeah wait Furbys when
you try to sleep a guy though just like
hmm sure let's nor write the warehouse
and we buy drink Ginga because we're
going to play drinking ginger the
warehouse is probably New Zealand's
greatest invention yes like that left
leg okay we're good at juice gummy bears
gummy worms um vanilla yogurt we'll ask
me get whipped cream for our cocktails
to net a baby we're making some sour
worms sour gummy bit I mean just know
what gummy bears absolute smirnoff and
citrate we're desperate to get rid of
the smirnoff vodka that stuff tastes
like poison disgustingness absolute as
where is it got them soak in this one
here is the cetrone gummy bears and it's
just plain vodka and sour worms so I
think we're supposed to put them in the
fridge Ali ok y we're riding on our
Gingka blocks we've done every single
one apart from yday we cannot think of
what to read the last overall this
website just got like all these rules on
it hmm this is all that alcohol for the
night oh my god you guys drink alcohol
this video cuz we're over the late legal
age this is the boys drinks and then
we've got some cannery creams some
salads a whole of cocktail mixes vodka
rum lots of stuff Jaeger in kalyana
daddy oh no
vanwall departs at some point you gotta
and robotics with crack slam the motor
signals are gonna my gig and it is ok i
am a little bit drunk and i am I phone
card that said gimme we're finally make
a Donald I know where it is honestly
what is this ohh we're gonna go via back
at donalds whose Mecca Donnelly's nekkid
Donald's fellows like it uh need a date
you're not yes that way where is it
where is it Hamish Donald's and we can
aim at nugget take enjoyment while you
try I Kelly it's a walk what are you
doing we're about to save you 18 drinks
were to the face remember when we came
here at all it like 20 burgers no wait
what are you doing come on well this is
also blood it's gonna happen although
that $33 play with the mechas a Tory I
will drink a whole tribe sauce oh do you
know that the maggots have feed on them
doesn't matter well can i laughs enjoy
yourself
