it's morning so the buck stops just
enough here
and I just got back from the gym and hit
a shout look in the film this morning
I'm already losing the battle against
the light so it sucks I was going to
feel like a poor strip does it work
video I just octopus Korean pore strip
face mask thing it looks really weird I
was going to do is that does it work on
the brows tempted like brow filling in
thingy that I've been meaning to do for
literally like two or three months now
I've got stuff to do an unboxing maybe
my nose so I had to cut them off because
I broke them at the gym yeah and then 11
here look at this it's like a red stripe
strange anyways I'm going to make some
coffee
I forgot to get my coconut water to make
a hot coffee and I'm going to have a
protein shake because I'm not having big
on breakfast lately which I know is dead
but no no I've started an exercise on
wings like I'm trying to join him in
episode most of the day and then I get
to nighttime I'm just like ribbon which
isn't good but anyway this is my
favorite one
so vanilla coconut doesn't taste like
coconut edible book it just tastes
amazing and making a coffee screwdrive
slap my video now because I haven't done
there this morning because we just left
went straight to the gym I try to get up
real early which I did it up not really
guys it's divine which treated room and
everything but it's already not booting
so anyway today I'm putting up this
everyday glowing at makeup look so I'm
just going to turn that the down bar now
black coffee
protein bed I'm getting on a coffee buzz
I need to stop ah I just need the energy
lately so tired all the time so much to
do a color for my protein shake so
freakin young this is like one of the
only protein shakes that completely
doesn't taste like protein to me like
these other proteins that I've liked as
you guys know but and the filming
commutes is a link the video of its
hurry up down below allows to be up soon
you finished filming my battery's
blinking too
go change the battery and I'm going to
make some lunch I think I'm going to
make a noodle salad situation how did I
I'm wearing that loosen highlighter now
look at this lighting this shows us so
well so bright so yes finish filming I
did a face mask video and I did my
eyebrows stamp video I also did a little
mini video that Instagram with my
highlighter so yeah my lipstick as well
Tom lectures Edison art one of them's
falling off so we're just going to
ignore that and probably go to take off
my makeup before I go to my nail
appointment anyway because look at this
scene when I was done soon so bad I
really wanted to get more stuff film
today but I'm just running out of time I
swear I just don't have enough time in
the day lately that Jim filming being
with my family member in the hospital
actually she's not in hospital a she's
in a hospital service like home and
which kind of sucks but I mean I think
she's happy enough there so that's good
and the staff seem to be really nice
like every time I go there they're
really really lovely and kind and really
nice and gentle with her so I'm happy
about that
it's just a shitty situation life and
death and stuff this top is my white box
take collab play stick top I mean what
is this bodysuit top I don't have it
done
I just got there from getting up Manaus
time look how cute about candy-themed
pistols like lilac green blur and
glitter it's not gonna focus of course
no never
okay okay here we go
I've told Time Machine to taking me to
one stud your mom's a source awesome a
jump everyone we're on our way in
Wellington so that you might need an
appointment
this chair is for fire now then after if
she can do some photos to make so that
when I go to do like a video about my
experience I've gotten a couple of like
curious in terms of their mates
Mike and love again up to say Hospital
drivers a scary thing in Wellington
greatly and we're also going to get this
car back so we have it dropped off and
then get a tax lien to process and then
we I don't know what we're joined up so
whether it's gonna head back forward
with the heroin to prove it say how we
feel and we there's been like every clue
yeah we just like called the internet on
the radio when we turn the car on the
satellite and sometimes left on the way
to Wellington so I leaned over to shadow
no one is doing right now
goodbye car we'll be back later there's
kind of a terrible part viola so we're
at Wakefield ask lots of sooth it wasn't
it
we got my Invisalign trays not minishka
they're fighting after yes but again
what the blows before on the one the
flutes before and the white is after
yeah I would like looking at a tough
ones though so blue that's crazy
even be no no grenade yeah
how Shannon Steve going good so I'm
still fitting into the eyeliner really
well and she's progressing and just
contracting a lot good alright so
hopefully learn about tapes are really
one biggest consent and still this cross
bite whether it just means is this mm
quite some cross yet
i'ma back and forth to do a client light
by the morning and I've kind of like
like the pack the worst part of the
paint over it okay Stannis and it is if
the pain goes on and you can tap in
potential of this one for a moment okay
yeah because this is Shane was saying
she's up to train nineteen out of twenty
nine is that right okay holy high five
that's good so you just been stripping
on your own are you so that this in
their next four aligners what's going to
be happening into this truth is going to
be cutting in okay so we're just trying
to make a little bit more room for you
yeah but most everything else is kind of
aligned already now I'm just waiting for
this last one attacking any car spots
and we was being here as well so so this
is kind of what we're seeing on the
bottom with this tooth just sort of fun
lower right canine add a little bit oh
yeah and so what we're going to see over
the next four aligners is that just sort
of tucking in and getting more aligned
and straight tough okay so just allowing
a little bit more space for that
movement yeah all right perfect thank
you very much all then there goes a
photography team my now we're are
standard and nigma getting some food I
got a burger today I got this corn petit
burger and we got some we just to share
and how much got a Caesar salad which
looks really good too very much Chuck
we do yes and walk the different
that was a beautiful shot Veneto excuse
me will you
why are you begging the same why help me
being viciously attacked you're on my
spot
this is drew for here Pat and chill look
at that face class yes so we went to
Nike hey yes and I got another pair of
my space shoes I had to get a half size
too big but hopefully they're okay I'm
just going to store these away and the
cupboard they're my favorite shoes eBay
and I can never find them online anymore
they're called the juban eight I think
yes similar half tube Nate these should
be perfect to be almost like I got a
sized idiot last time which is obviously
a seven yeah they're my favorite shoes
ever so they are going to go away until
my other one target and then I got this
jacket which is super cute it's just
like a windbreaker jacket cuz I wear
these all the time during summer and
stuff when we walk the dogs or if it's
like just a little bit cold it's
fighting because just cuts the wound off
so yeah I got that I love the color and
then slice things I got this
Mikey real crop jersey just for walking
the dogs and stuff or like heading to
the gym in the morning when it's cold
and chuck on tops really cute I love it
it's like oversized oversized live so it
was like real baggy and it looks
specifically who needs a haircut in a
male trim yeah see yeah yeah you guys
should have seen him the other day we
took him for a walk and he rolled in mud
and he had it caked all down his side it
was so thick it took me like 10 minutes
in the shower to wash it off own because
it was like spec like that thick and he
was so happy about it it just covered in
mud for the whole walk yeah Lily today I
saw a pug and he licked my face you
jealous I wish I'd loved him
I forgot forgot Lily what Menino
do you like this one tea mesh you like
this now there Hamish likes the pendulum
anyways I'm sure I already got them a
lot shorter for the gems because before
know you like bowling
initially it retains like like bowling
but it is all along I wish I could paint
Louise now remember that time out and
put pink hair chalk all over those I
also got a drink there's a lot of toys
exhibit way I also got a new drink
bottle because my one sucked
so I scraped this one black is so
offended what that what is that what is
that
no that's enough you know what I'm the
way she's a puppy
oh sorry Lily it isn't me I'm sorry
and my legs are here and Here I am i
beautiful thank you for the kiss
oh he just stood outside his paws and
muddy is Lily do you hate me now do you
hate me now camel don't thank you
