hi everyone so today me and Kelly or
Kelly Marie on YouTube
oh hey link down below we're doing the
baby food challenge when we to be in
class right now so we just need to count
down and what a ton of different kind of
flavors I suppose we didn't just pick
nice ones so we're not changing if we
pick someone sits down advice something
sound disgusting so we're just going to
pick them at random and try them out and
we probably gonna vomit everywhere so
these are the flavors we got bodies
Applebloom room usually which actually
looks like a woman but what is carrots
broccoli and sweet corn forties parsnip
carrots Coomera forties vegetables with
chicken and noodles that sounds
appetizing Pierre guava strawberry apple
mango vegetables lip spray and bacon and
these two squeezy ones Heinz simply
vanilla custard and apple picture mango
which they actually sound good but we'll
see what they taste like
okay we're sorted we've got a message
this is not cheating
okay so we're just gonna start I guess
actual looks like war but what is for
baby Apple and usually blue green
usually alright guys well they were
seals on them so I started stealing food
why would you think to a baby there no
others should we like just show you the
teacher of this quickly but can you see
that it looks like diarrhea yeah how
much should we just do a little bit of
the eat
there isn't Isis I could take two Shores
bad okay that doesn't text to a new
slate a nice chunky okay it looks like
oh I didn't want to say what that was
like that was definitely like out of
teeth it was like a - what's in my teeth
oh my god
it stuck my teeth my eyes are watering
that was nasty
what's this one parsnips carrots I hate
pasta it's like oh and I hate carrots as
well
mmm this smells like the other one
I
it's like penguin and strawberry
that sounds challenge please be your
homework I don't wonder the way through
so they have pulley talk to us but
smells like gym
hmm it doesn't smell young boy but it
doesn't smell good it smells we might
stir it chunky is poisonous to bid you
know I remember butter just deep okay
just not fit our the texture in bed and
you can like feel that crunchiness what
ones there what does it must be the
strawberry the Pierre you can taste the
is good that tastes like Pierre skin
like actually that's what I taste so it
wasn't bad that one it wasn't bad but
the t-shirts to bed alright ok she wait
so you like a big one and then a good
run in their bed world and then we'll
hit all City once lost okay ready
vegetables with chicken and noodles I
want to say what this looks like
smell it it smells like roast chicken
but mango smells the same as the other
one
this is eppela mango - I know big one I
feel that something sweet that wasn't
actually the woods there if I hit him a
lot hey all right
it's good yeah it's just another flavor
that just tastes like yours like if I
feel the April sauce yeah episode I
didn't even think that what's it called
that chicken while I didn't think that
was gonna be the worst one we thought
this one would be the worst one listen
vegetables bacon and lambs fry hmm and
if you don't know what there's fries
explain I'm sure it is like kidneys and
look kidneys eyes were something gross
that you should not eight lanes looma
limbs look either you got it doesn't
look as bad that's actually but you're
gonna always like smells worse through
the other one okay okay
I'm winning though you've spent are you
swallowing it even on my time it's this
revolting
what if you feed your baby their crap
you should be ashamed of yourself
no wonder baby's spitting phone
it's all bad ones okay we've got nice
lovely all right so you want that one
yeah I've got the vanilla custard one
the mine's apple peach and mango I want
to try your luck either it kids safe
bubbling okay
Oh mines not nice - oh there's my best
just tastes like flu this ones they
would taste like spit yeah I think she
takes likes but it's not suede I think
I'm done I think important and yeah hmm
so that was our baby challenged hope you
enjoyed that suffering mmm maybe it's
been entertaining or something like the
video if you liked it and write down
below some more challenges you want to
see us to do not so much a yep goodbye
we've already discussed I think we would
both dive we try to do that sort of
actually yeah but we think we'll do
chubby bunny hmm yeah so I hope you guys
enjoyed and subscribe to Kelly's channel
she's a beauty person while fishing
whatever um I will see you very soon
