fedora yeah we're at the pipe it drew
just logging I like vlog lots randomly
and then I like make it into one ball
like over N and white I can't block my
Tonio guy stuff it's too dangerous no
I'm not finally i'm vlogging oh this is
leslie's it's not focusing hell yeah
chips sandwich what'd you get you hope
Allah gum ice cream interconvert nice so
Jade I think this was the best deal to
be honest six dollars for a tray gone
god I'm lame I love gumla wash your
agent once you have it you're gonna just
like more of us is foot touching what
are you doing ok so we're at chili box
which is this place in palmerston off
which is across from Carter's and we got
Kelly got which ones wish I know dry
shampoo and cool stuff which I'm going
to do a hair tutorial on of the surf
stuff because it's amazing and I got
that too and we got lots of mentos so
what did you get this one and now you go
to oh whoops so you got these lines and
we got up this grape blast gum and
bubblegum it's like colon women oh my
god and this one here is lime strawberry
blackcurrant in women
okay there was such a pathetic I feel
like you need to pieces yeah that's not
enough dragon I everything is just broke
fair whack their first I was this one ah
I think I'm retired at it cuz I got a
tongue piercing yeah it's not what is it
well I don't know I've just been doing
that flat half now
I don't know I think they're fixing this
thing
this guy fighting over here is fixing my
car
do the wheel thing do the wheel thing to
the wheel thing me
too much light in my window
it's so funny
oh my gosh bye hey Scott we're going to
post office she simply did bless me
harder at me we can commit to see she
got water comin damn it swim to enjoy
from tell me that you're dumb tell me
you'll be there okay so will be some
turns over phone uh forget you punk i
get a hetero tell me that every
waterside tell me cuz you go buddy I
want to believe you didn't know how you
choose you just kidding
fire
we're doing photography but this gonna
look at these people
will I over here like loaders oh
we're finished now i'll insert a thing
is a club so you can see what we did
yeah and then we jumped in front of the
photos cuz we got one oh my god i can
like not even move my fingers so so yeah
we were going to go out tonight but now
we're like it's too cold
you
