hey everyone I hope I'm in focus and if
I'm not I'm sorry I decided to do and
there's a random topic vlog like that
last one I did it was like alcohol
dinosaurs I remove what else just a lot
of them so if you ever want to
participate and give me a topic they
make sure you like my Facebook page
it's a Shannon so YouTube you know
Facebook / any so YouTube I've got my
little Facebook people on my little fire
in here okay so Esther drops Eric and
drugs are generally stupid I don't do
drugs
apart from alcohol but everyone does so
no no everyone does it I'll cope it you
know what I mean I don't understand why
wait is illegal I don't do it and I
don't like it but I swear there's like
nothing wrong with it like that research
that I've done and is like I don't know
like no bad health effects it isn't
caused by other things like smokey you
know alcoholic anyway I don't know okay
if it was legal though I wouldn't do it
turtles I love turtles but I I used to
cry with those documentaries you know
those ones and it was like the turtles
were like come out of the little egg
audio book on the beach and that's swim
to shore that hits the would die because
birds would like platform up and oh my
god it's so sad and then there's like
these videos on YouTube have you guys
ever I'm gonna sound like a complete
weirdo but have you guys ever searched
turtles having sex with shoes cuz it's
hilarious and they like to make funny
noises
anyway pet peeves I I know one okay
today I did this two coming in class pet
peeve when you're like pulling your top
inside out like to the right way but you
actually just make it inside out and
then you have to redo it do you not I
make Nicki Minaj I don't even know what
to say that her I love so many of her
songs I hate so many like I like that
you I'm Tommy what's called top of my
head you know why did did the tutorial
on with Chris Brown that one and that
B's and a trick song always get stuck my
head and it's not even a good song like
let's be honest
flesh Kelly don't even get me started
because their thing I don't know if you
guys do flesh but we'd like learning
about like movie clips and stuff it's
not a cloak apparently in relation to
relate websites and things and I hate it
it's so confusing and I'm like
the new they're trying to make it work
and it's just like doing me a seizure
it's just like flashing and huh my
brother lives in funny he stayed he does
with you once in town what's his name
do I even know who that is that's really
awkward exercise routine um lately not
usin sizing much at all
I'm just on a really healthy eating
binge I do exercise jump on my cross
trainer 40 minutes an hour or half an
hour if I can't be bothered doing much I
walk kind of a lot and it's about it
chocolate I don't like chocolate at
least it's white chocolate or caramel
I can eat caramel but not much I can
only eat a little bit at a time but I
don't like chocolate and you draw
friends and family I don't really know
what to say I have a really tiny family
a little with my dad my mum lives or
somewhere I have no siblings my friends
you guys know who all my friends are
pretty much from my blogs a whole topic
on the same law I think I've made a
whole video to do that like seriously
let's be honest broccoli cauliflower and
cheese sauce is Kelly we love all that
crap we eat like a message than a plate
full of that like I'm not even kidding
it's so good I like Ashley crave
broccoli I like it takes my freedom but
I'm really feeling like broccoli right
now it's like my vision of chocolate
cooking I do a lot of cooking like used
to I don't so much now cuz I was hit
like night classes so I'm always buying
like subway for dinner and stuff but I
when I cook I always make like roast or
like pasta lasagna or like fish in
vegetables and I don't even know just
basic stuff me and my dad used to cook
pancakes for dinner when I was a kid
bucket list didn't Kelly said the other
day that one thing if we were ever gonna
do something really criminal before we
died like we knew we were gonna die and
we wanted to do something to break the
law real bad we would robber Kure then
like to get all the parcels and stuff
how many things you buy week in what
things I buy a lot of crap honestly some
weeks I probably go without buying like
anything apart from tons and tons and
tons and tons of food because I buy a
lot of food but like today I bought lots
of stuff online like makeup I did a
makeup shop thing off beauty bag
beauty joint I mean and I buy clothes
quite a lot when I'm bored I don't go to
the Plaza
and I go into shops and there's always
stuff on sale and I have to buy it and
it's a waste of time because half the
time I never even wear any of it and
that's such a big hit but how stupid is
that make it cost so much yes
me and Kelly we're talking about that
because we have like a minimum wage
which is like kind of high it's like
1591 $15 years I don't know but like we
have minimum wage but we played pay GST
in taxes so do we call it Texas like
like we get tax refunds yes so it's it
takes and this shipping to New Zealand
does not cost it much like friggin like
Revlon Colorstay foundation $45 like
seriously it's ridiculous Hollywood
gossip don't even keep up I don't even
read like magazines or anything like
either pretty much anybody Aviva um I
used to read me things all the time when
I was a kid playing with my kabuki brush
but like I used to read them and I feel
so fat so ugly so not good enough
anything and oh my god look at that look
at your boyfriend and take this quiz on
who your boyfriend's gonna be like I
don't even have a boyfriend I'm 12 leave
me alone
Selena it's my so many kids a screwed
out of these days that it sounds really
terrible but I'm sure it's true like you
know what I mean like all these like
ten-year-old girls reading magazines
that calls my light they are and it's
wrong like this seeks articles and I
don't really know if this an appropriate
thing to say on this channel but I just
you don't have to see anything I'm just
reaching oh my god more okay based
websites to my makeup off okay mm-hmm I
need to do a whole video on this yeah
cheery culture pork Daisy non-pro
boutique Beauty Bay a sauce um what's
one I just hold it off beauty joint
although I can't really mean the meat
because I haven't received my stuff what
perfume did you end up getting from
makeup so I'll show you
Josie micro outfit really I look like
I'm normal what tops the camera and then
am I just follow i got k period now I
like this so much visitor I mean yep
that's right there it's on backwards
smells so good
she smells quite similar to this one and
these both my own kind of similar to
fantasy mixed with what is it that
during off that wall this one reminds me
a bit during rock level Jimmy Choo is
this just couldn't Jimmy - cuz I don't
forget here's like a perfume and I got
those two and then I got my mom white
diamonds essentials for winter this year
on a super tight budget I don't even
know as I said I'm in rubbish with
vision like some people like my style
some people hate my style but I don't
know I just
we're whatever I probably just invest in
a jacket like a real cute one from
Glassons or something you know it's like
a hundred bucks but you can wear that
all the time over winter fly the next
three years so I've still got one from
like two years ago that I wear a lot do
you want to come to Australia yes I want
to come and live in Australia okay
that's all the answers I'm gonna do it
now cuz why do I film videos at
nighttime because I just keep so
tongue-tied
here you do this someone asked me the
other day if I smoke no I'm just kidding
this aren't even mine
these are moves he like came to my house
for drinking and stuff I put him/her
I put him I put a photo of me like this
on Facebook I was like you forgot
something dirty smoker okay it's my
video of the day I hope you guys liked
it if you want to know what my makeup is
I filmed me putting it on in my lipstick
is happy chic mate lipstick by NYX okay
okay bye
