I have a main flow in the last few days
Kelly we're going to the makeout style
today i facebooked about it and you're
watching this a few days later you know
I wonder if we tell us
um but yeah and I filmed a favorites
video in and out for the day today got
mail I got these effortlessly meters new
inception in this nation I Top Chef you
top ramen I'm top shelf no let's go sit
about it what you got left call it up
with these niggas wake up on my ticket
they demand my lyrics what
accomplished
we're confused as to where we're going I
reckon to run yeah I wrote it on my
facebook page that we stew it's the
wrong way to hear because it is usually
a law degree street but I think it's on
Castle Street maybe it's next to make it
those left Evanescence a bit I just want
this doesn't look like it do you look
from the cop I'm an Athenian before
we're like actually souls hmm sorry for
what places
hey your buckets pathetic
I know good on you tube okay you know i
do you to maybe see me yeah i personally
kill to hang out with you to buy my i'm
just driving down to the plaza I'm not
lady time god damn i got the button
filled away
sure
hi
where Luca babes the hello Camilla hello
yeah hi hi I'm Michelle okay I'm two
babes let's go Kayla time job for the
camera to develop your trip and get a
chicken fit a bit with it that break
time is now shown are you put the mulch
you couldn't I be here
it's good to your mouth closed
chillin chillin Jerry possible SI just
trippin a little but yo I'm trip take
your we're gonna go take North yeah we
just hey class we're so hungover we're
getting food don't fight me we're not a
drink yeah we don't drink a full song
can you see my makeup right now will I
looked rage it
that's not what
what
honda we go about time I take photos
okay good
me and Kelly are doing photography their
local friggin dancing crap we taking
photos of Kelly in the bushes oh we
didn't even put lipstick on just like
look at them just look at them and make
the black like squeeze them or something
so they go Pinker we're supposed to be
still Angeles we're supposed to be
studying but or on YouTube and email
Facebook my cooking dinner we'll show
you what we're eating we eat this like
health to least twice a week at least
twice a week yeah well like three or
four times a week lately but yeah we'll
show you and alkali we had a boring day
studying photography yeah I would brush
let me show you what I got I got this
one the sauce from Kaiba what did it I
got a black one cuz they're push-up bras
it came out are amazing hey Kelly
they're actually the best ones and i
went to browse and things and i spent
like 100 and something and i got full
bars which isn't a bad deal this one
here is a water bra so it's really heavy
i love water browse they're so fun it's
just why yeah i got this one and it's
just black and white looks like that and
i got a playboy one it looks like this
it just got like lace detail yeah
hopping flipper brick and then I more
people let's blow on camera yeah we're
just chilling money for dinner please
after pigs don't fly it
it's love concept oh well I liked it
like one slide and it took me like an
hour to do while afternoon do it i it
sucks and I'm watching babe this is our
typical oh this is our typical dinner
cauliflower broccoli cheese sauce roast
pumpkin potatoes k√ºbra onion and lots
of fish and what's that against a bit
and yes we eat it all because we're pigs
