hey I hope I'm in focus right now
it's like dot in my eyes I'm like tired
and blurry and I can't even tell so this
will do I just felt like doing a vlog
and so on Facebook I asked for you guys
to tell me topics and I'm just gonna
answer a couple of the ones that I got
like oh my peoples seed because I don't
want to make this age as long and I want
some stuff for other nights runboard
because it's nighttime right now if you
can't tell bed lighting and stuff it is
currently 9:03 p.m. so okay the one that
got the most thumbs up was piercings and
tattoos update so let's do that quickly
won't take long I took out so I'm near
my piercings I've got an old video on my
main channel shinik so um and I had a
ton of piercings I don't think I had any
tattoos at that point or maybe one
tattoo I've got three tuners now and I
don't know how many piercings I have and
I can't even remember the name of names
of half of my piercings that I still
live so I'm gonna go one piece English
to my mouth you stood for
I hate my time that's anyone I have and
I still have a hole through my smiley
which is that gum paste so I can still
wear stuff in there if I want to but I
don't wear stuff in there um what else
on my face I still have my septum
pierced but I barely ever put anything
in it but I kind of want to get a bar
for it even though I don't think I'll
ever wear it still oh my is I have two
holes but I rarely ever wear the first
hole I have this thing I have this thing
shows I'm okay I've got that one and
this one is just a random piece of skin
that I have that he sued that people
don't normally have so you kissed it
then I have one up here I mean on the
side I hit the two holes and then I just
have two up here so tons of my ear ones
came out eight to go
I don't know since I'm focus anymore oh
no okay it'll do I'm sorry if I'm blurry
and then I think I don't have two more I
have my belly button it looks like that
I have to
sorry if I'm a bitch helps right now I
just had lots of food today I had a
really unhealthy eating day today ate
lots of cheese because it was really
crappy outside today it was like raining
and that's just doing assignments would
um this is what this looks like hold on
hey this is creepy zooming up Feldman
but I here for to want to say something
gross look at my ten marks that's how
white I was it's so gross this is how I
should refocus my camera actually let
you zoom in get it focused and he stood
out and then hope that I didn't move did
I stay sorry about my hair I hit up in a
bum bum bum day because I was being a
bump my face let's go see I'm doing my
assignments and stuff so I just hit it
up like this on top of my head out of
the way and now go to these cool kinks
in my hand but I can't be bothered
straightening it because it's nighttime
and there's no point really um okay Stan
law you're nuts
Sam is one of my friends he's you know
real-life friend he's a pretty cool guy
if you live in personal dish probably
like in money and I'm Steve chat you
know who he is he mo tall but I'm really
angry if I'm not telling me at least you
tried to tell me about was the other
night and I was just - dick - here cuz
smell this was really really abnormal e
loud that nice Spiegel um he wants to
know what more you should talk about
that fits dinosaurs would have on humans
of those still alive today he's serious
do you not like well I think we would
still be cave mean because I don't think
we'd be able to build anything called
like airplanes and tall buildings and
houses and things cuz that just like run
along like stopping women
I was about to switch them but I won't
you know what I mean it's gonna like
destroy everything so I'm pretty sure we
would have tried to kill them all by now
if they weren't already did they'd even
work how many diamonds were there even
actually they kind of been that many
because the huge and stuff I don't know
she know oh I know is that I would be
not alive right now because I am scared
of dinosaurs and it's not stupid cuz
they're not even real but when I was a
kid I remember seeing like dinosaurs
like a hit Peyton
all paper and I remember like being a
psycho kid is by looking at the patterns
of our wallpaper and I'm like it was
like as objects that I wasn't on drugs I
swear like my parents wouldn't have
given me drugs but like you look at the
pins and the wallpaper and look my
little dinosaurs and I remember running
into my dad's bedroom crying like oh my
god this done this is my wallpaper he's
just like go to bead like has an actual
like special child they scare me so much
I remember the scariest dream I've ever
had in my life I'm so not in focus right
now
this is such a pain in the ass but the
camera cord is better whatever he can
stay but I remaining the scarcity of my
life and I was it was my old straight
that I used to live and it was one of
those little like cold was sick like no
exit streets and I was on my tricycle
because I was a really little kid
actually I didn't learn how to ride to a
willow by since well at least even I
don't even know what was up with me as a
little kid but anyways I remember this
Tarina sir Schmidt rakes and my dream
was chasing me around in circles in the
knoteks it was like literally a noise it
was just a loop a road and the
Tyrannosaurus Rex chased me around
chasing me on my tricycle life for the
whole dream and it was terrifying
like that's pretty much like the world
would be a bad place with Dinosaurs wait
did I say only the dinosaurs real I just
hit this thing my mind's telling me that
dinosaurs were never real but they were
real once I think Sam stop trying to
make me think so hard at smart time you
know this robots robots was still like I
don't think I robots alive isn't a bit
like kind of the thing that's gonna
happen later in life like I've never
been a life you have a part from like
Furby some stuff do they count because
those things you certain way the hell
out of me like you put them to sleep at
night and you'd be like a beard and it
would just make those snoring noises and
you just like throw it into your closet
okay that's enough of that crap Sam stop
it you spent 10 products ask Kelly I
don't use fake Heather moment but I did
get sent some web stuff ages ago and I
did a review on my main channel if you
want to check it out and I really love
their system like it's my favorite 13
I've ever used and Sally Hansen there's
spray-on League panty hose thing I don't
know she know what it's called but it's
really good stuff confidence I think
I'll do a whole video about that as well
and likes and dislikes
that's another thing you could do a
video about okay this is
like a rambling video bodies you know
when I was a kid my mom would never buy
me real Bobby it's like I was one of
those kids with those bodies that
William embodies those real cheap things
and like pecans would pop off and you
could pop off the Fate I mean what they
think their legs and like just as simple
the whole body it would just come apart
like I never had real bodies and I was
like so upset blood mom what the body
she's like know you've got poppy so my
peanut Barbie's a five husbands watching
that she knows exactly what I'm talking
about yeah it was hot as childhood Eva
obviously listened to my childhood oh I
forgot to show my toes before the okay
I've got three this is one that's one
deer and then the other one on the other
arm well this is difficult this follows
ha ha ha I mean this is gonna be hard to
show you would focus I've got KITT calm
yeah
okay let's try it's try this oh it's not
so bad but I need to get that but the
attach duck cause look I broke off my
now the other night when I was drinking
they parked there is green don't know
why it's green it is green and I need to
get touched up so um I should probably
get on to doing that soon that's enough
rambling for one night I was just really
bored so I thought I'd film something
let me know if you like these random
videos cuz like maybe once a week or
something like that
I can just film a random vlog and I'll
just put a little string up on Facebook
and be like boy ask me stuff and get me
when I'm talking topics to talk about
yeah but there's a New Zealand lifestyle
New Zealand lifestyle let's talk about
that for a couple minutes New Zealanders
alcoholics empty bottle of Jagermeister
Absolut Vodka sours chocolate perfume
chocolate alcohol alcohol alcohol I
filmed my videos or an empty Cindy's box
I'm not really calling myself an
alcoholic but New Zealand desire
competes the rest of the world I think
cuz you know how New Zealanders they
migrated from Europe and
early whatever hundreds years ago it was
and you know the people in Ireland in
England like their pumps and things you
know I think that's where we kind of
inherit it from over here are drinking
ages eighteen but I think everyone
starts drinking from when they're like
1415 just being honest
user one's really pretty there's lots of
grass and mountains and it's not very
big guy thing is I'm like four million
people that live here everyone has
really like BEC typically I don't know
what has to say maybe if you've got any
questions about New Zealand you can
write them down below and I'll answer
them in a video there could be a cool
blog it's all blue dunno yeah okay talk
to you later bye
