I'm just in the middle of doing my
makeup I don't see this ordered one the
style of thing by cortex and I just
started killing my kid
well I killed it and I'm gonna brush
them out soon but I just feel like I
feel like it's so clearly I can't even
like I've never had curls in my hair
like a pad for my mom's wedding but they
like shaking so it's coming up way more
oh no I think it's just the life of my
late talks training on it as well yeah
it's not as intense as it looks
um but my kid came out real cool it's
like so Harold I really like it
I think I needed to put it on a wall
with hate city needs time though because
me here feels a bit fried already so not
good and I used a heat protectant of
course and I'm breaking out
bah bah
getting a warrant a fitness
my cousins remote right now
mimei heads up coming off I did it so
quickly this morning
I fully was just getting in the shower
like you know I was walking into my
kitchen I'm back naked cuz I was feeding
the kids and the postman was just
leaving oh my god that was so close
Shannon got mail well I'll show you what
I got so now I'm just having a shower so
I'll live with it so I'm still in my
towel this is some stuff from Ellijay
don't form up the link down below if you
want to check it out sorry what's this I
love it when they write them it's so
much nicer thing just a big company
sinew crap and expecting you to reveal
it and everything I might not
necessarily reveal it okay so these are
New Zealand Dollars this is the stuff
that they had sent me and Tim percent of
everything special opening giveaway and
these are the brands that they sell on
the website and you think so I thought
that some of you guys might be
interested because New Zealanders are
always looking for places to buy
cosmetics that we can't normally find I
suppose right what's in her I don't I'll
open everything a bit I should probably
just mention how cute everything's
ripped up my to a halt on all this stuff
okay screen and then this is a like
powder
I can loose powder I don't know if it's
gonna be too pale for me though and this
is a blush and it's like a cushion blush
that's by the faceshop
and this is a lipstick and it's a really
pretty pink color actually a gel
eyeliner and it's really pretty kind of
like a grayish kind of color yeah and
then this is an eyeshadow trio this is
what's in the other little package whole
lot of TG stuff so I've got a big head
kid rush I think this is like a
hairspray shine thing and a dry shampoo
yay
and after PI smoothing cream
and this is a hot iron spray which is
always handy I mean this is blonde
bombshell's therapy Seattle so it comes
with dumb blonde leave-in conditioner
dumb blonde conditioning dumb blonde
shampoo and I think this will come in
handy since I am totally a dumb blonde
now no I'm just kidding
I love I actually really like that name
oh it's really cute dumb blonde and they
have like a different little word for
each hair color but I really like TG
stuff I've tried it before so I'm
excited to try this out smelt this and
it smells so good
oh my god it smells like lollies and
sugar and fruit and sherbert almost
together oh my god this so good I'm so
keen to try these out and stands because
we just went slop shop and bought some
jeans and we want to study I really want
to make purple and pink I got some
favorite infant pink dye and some blues
just me it's new world we are they and I
wanted to try it it reminds me of Fiji
so much it just sounds like coconut like
the middle of the coconut when you drink
straight out of a fresh coconut with a
slight tinge of pineapple you kind of
expect but it's kind of odd tasting but
it's good in average at the same time
it's got a funny aftertaste nothing this
it's got 80 calories in it and we bought
bucket and bleach so we can bleach low
so I can bleach my shorts
I mean jeans whatever you want to call
them look it's a V track speaking of the
devil
we're gonna go get subway now did you
want to hear the bang it's really
annoying cuz you can't film it listen to
the music at the same time so just
listen to how I get right it's
right hmm it's good for Kelly - Jonah
tell me off he said there's no a it's
not - hya ah yeah yeah oh my god can I
feel it oh go go look go look at can we
zoom somehow I think kitty would say
what they it stays it is fuckin'-a
fuckin'-a fuckin'-a fuckin'-a fuckin'-a
fuckin'-a yeah I'm sorry for swearing
but I'm just reading what I see okay if
we die know it when I saw that song
nice party that's how I say it
no I've bought it yeah Internet freed so
that it's it read Fritz engineer wait
well look and see if reason I fire you
guys they're like they do know if body
walking down the road wearing a maxi
skirt
I never will it really weird mixie
skirts this is the first time I've ever
worn it in my whole entire life I just
reminded myself of they even named
something and my hope entire life again
most shits about to get together we were
just taking the piss these guys dress
and I just no no no wait oh well what's
the first one he's just like yeah girl
he's like burning holes in my eyes I
looked up and he's like yeah girl oh
there we go
you guys and then we were just walking
and I was talking about how I should
have been vlogging and then these guys
go oh jeez
butch if you're not from New Zealand you
probably don't really understand it but
I haven't even watched that program I
still know about it basically ant is
like the new hot chick segment that
checks for that's called auntie for what
I don't know either but yeah I know
everyone's looking at me funny cuz I'm
like got flogging myself but
Oh should I just produce babies and your
shitty can adopt them yes all but I need
like a trailer trash to breed with
hillbilly yeah Asian Plus trailer trash
equals overly Asian swag assured my
children where's legally just also know
what was that
now that's cuz it was when he found a
toast
this is on The Simpsons he found a
choice and he's like what's in this rap
any guys know I look like this first
this is dinner
me and Kelly made lamb whoa ma'am
pumpkin kumara potato cheese sauce
broccoli and cauliflower
amazing
now yo we just put more photos in my
hair just like getting the last brassy
bits out but we're gonna do a whole on
my follow channel yeah
excuse the mess um yeah anyways I got
these shots and these are from or these
from JJ's and it was 2 for 20 and I'll
show you the other thing I got but they
were like originally this is their
originally $46 and in those 25 dollars
and no $15 and there was 2 to 20 bargain
in this SOI country but these ones fit
me because my other ones like huge hey
this is good it's the one with the
little good jump
well it's kind of crooked mode but you
get the point I don't know how much was
but it was team backs essentially I
bought this outfit I got the bad boy
which was like eleven dollars look at
that there and then this top was stayed
and the skirt was like 11 or 13 or
something that's cute
the last taught by God and this was 20 I
think but like it's like a super long so
I'd wear belt or something I like the
color in the bottoms because pretty and
I brought that ask Anthony oh man my
hair looks so cool right now
