hi I'm girl really bright I don't really
know how this is gonna work it's like
9:30 8 p.m. right now I've just been
asleep because I hit class at 5:30 and
Eileen and I was sitting there and I
started getting like a migraine or
something like all my vision like this I
was just like blind like I had flashing
and I started getting headache and I
want to go and so I mean home and I went
to sleep so I've been asleep for three
hours and I woke up and I was like a bit
of film that Christian answers video cuz
I talk to people I was gonna do it today
I just didn't have time to do it this
morning so I'm about Lada its why um my
hair is a purple spotnik I've been
turning it so I'm obviously just trying
to be cool and have live and to hear
like those cool people here for them to
hear I'm right on my computer just down
here trying to find those questions hey
I found it seventy-three comments on it
so I'm just going to sift through them
okay from Gina did you do your hair dyed
yourself or did you go to a professional
I put up my own video on my main channel
now until it myself
me and Kelly did it and it's still not
finished and it looks really odd of the
slighting look at changes colors where I
move um oh that was my funny bone I did
it myself
yeah so if you want like if you didn't
see it then it's about the chip some
people come onto this channel and they
asked me what my main channel is and
it's just sheer dick so like almost an
Excel augs just - the vlogs part anyway
and how I got my hair so blonde from a
ladder and that video basically explains
it just lots lots more lots of bleach
Kaylee do you have any makeup ideas for
people that have nci's or hooded eyes um
I am NOT like a makeup artist I have not
really experimented on hooded eyes and I
remember seeing some videos basically
saying to really blend like dye colors
onto the top of like the hooded part to
make them smoke I don't know I'm sure
you could like YouTube tutorials for
hooded eyes I'm really sorry
like I'm sure one day I'll have to do
makeup
someone with hooded eyes I'll figure it
out as like a um megalithic Meg
I can locate to sleep sleepless it's
gonna be fair Magdalena I'm really sorry
if I pronounced your name wrong why did
you break up with your boyfriend okay so
this is the not so much the questions
that are to come um okay so me and my ex
I'm not even gonna say his name because
to be honest like after a while he went
really stupid and like he made me delete
all the videos of him on YouTube he
reported me to YouTube saying that I
never had permission to use hummin
videos and I got in some trouble and
seriously like what the hell
um so why did we break up
basically we grunts different people
like we started going out fight well we
had been going out for five years so it
would be great out since we were really
young and obviously you know during high
school and you need alert that's when
you like really grow into the person
above me um and we just was different
people he was a really really serious
person I think and I was not so much I
want to have fun while I'm young you
know I obviously am very focused on you
Cole in getting a good career in money
and ahem part-time job blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah but I also want to
have lots of fun but honestly when I was
with him we never did anything fun we
wouldn't even do a couple things we
wouldn't even talk he literally come
over to my house or I'd go to his house
and he'd say stay on Xbox or I'd sit on
the computer on my YouTube answering
questions and it was just like that
all the time um it wasn't working out
like we just with different people
completely um I'm a lot happier now to
be honest I don't know it's really you
know we just grew into put the different
people Nets about it wasn't a bad thing
like some people thought all did you
cheat on him did he cheat on you it was
nothing like that
like it wasn't other people or anything
like it was just yeah we just with
different people need um and I don't
really talk to him anymore like I
thought we could still have not be
friends I think that's stupid you can't
be friends after you break up with some
really can you well maybe but I just I
would
comfortable like that but we have heaps
of mutual friends so I thought you know
we could be like you know able to talk
to each other's if we see each other and
public kind of thing but whatever when
did you move out of your mom's house I
didn't move out of her house - in the
clue she moved away from me well we
lived I loved used to live half and half
of this I mean my dear TAS now and mum
used to live at Mom's house and I used
to go there half the time she rented it
out she moved up with Neill who has her
husband now um and that happened what
end of last year or something like that
I don't know so I just live with my dad
now that was from ember Emma asks would
you ever quit your carriage or if you
got paid more from YouTube um I had
consider it because that would mean I
would have more time to you know study
more time to put more effort into my
YouTube videos if they were really doing
that well it would be good to have more
time to do them so why not
I reckon that would be awesome and how
long do you plan on being a youtuber for
for as long as I can for as long as I
still here to start to make videos about
and I love it so I don't see myself
quitting anytime soon Caitlin how how
did you get so YouTube famous I don't
know I honestly don't people ask me all
the time advice on how to get like
subscribers and blah blah but I just say
just be yourself and make regular videos
and I don't know that's alighted and I
got subscribers and thank you I just got
38,000 tonight on my other channels so
big love you guys are awesome I can't
even believe it like there is tons of
people I can't even think about how much
it's just like I was your father but
today when you got your nails done what
lipstick we wearing was the prettiest
paper okay it was a the next st. Germain
if it was a really bright pink I can't
people oh I can't I can't navigate to
another page right now um those it next
st. Germain if it was a really bright
pink or it would have been next India or
next node or make flesh pot because they
don't know once I've been wearing lately
yeah Helena what are you using to your
tea so
but I have a teeth whitening video on my
other channel i just used chris white
strips they go to ebay caitlyn and
what's your favorite mac product um
probably their lipsticks and i really
like a foundation moment their blushes
awesome their highlight powders awesome
jana how do you keep your hair so how
they after bleaching it so many times
watch my hair can't not make it my how a
we got my hit update on here update
video my god there was a need of
focusing my blonde video i show you what
treatments have been using and that's
how my hair doesn't look the best right
now because it's like third day here
curly I just brushed it so it's a bit
frizzy but I mean considering how much
bleach or puts through this it's going
pretty good
Sharleen how did you break up with your
eggs okay
the Sam's kind of lame we went to a like
meeting where you meet up at a cafe um
you know outside spy ourselves with his
dad and my mum basically they were they
I think so that we just didn't have like
a big Keef I get angry at each other
blah blah blah um I pretty much
explained the way I felt there I said
that I don't think what's going to work
in I keep saying there I thought it made
it quite clear and then they lordose
think about it golf and think about it
and I was like no I don't think I can do
it
and then like I was I tasted him and I
was I really can't do it and then he was
at all breaking open over tears for I
was just like whatever like I think he
considers me breaking up with him over
ticks but I really consider it
confirming what I already said I was
distraught I was in tears like because
it was just a really hard like thing to
do you know what I mean like go to their
meeting and blah blah blah and it was
just really emotional he seemed to be
completely fine he was like a big robot
but I was just like and his eyes just
like whatever that's pretty much what
happened so he thinks I pronounced on my
fatigues but I really don't think it was
like that at all and Alisha are more
teto's
um probably one day I'm at the moment
don't really like yes I want some
I'm not planning on getting any so um
Kinzie my hair is fried
butyou heat damage it's naturally Bob
Brown for about two years how can I make
it a more more healthy and shiny like
you okay so as you can't brown or blonde
at moment I'm not facial I'm okay
mega dame your oil academia will mask
love okay watch my other kickin video
I'm going to be doing a property care
video every so honestly those things are
amazing and they put so much moisture in
your here they're freaking fantastic
hey my structure sorts me on trance film
just like Papa right for the questions
okay Netanya Netanya yeah Tanya I hope
that's right um well you don't make tat
anytime soon possibly in Auckland
um I seriously if I have meet up and
like Oakland or something like that I'm
not going to be an author for a long
time to say but if I ever did like if I
was I are going to open in a way could
anyone come see me would you like I
remember and Mack I was in Mac and me
and Kelly
Lissa's before we were going to Fiji and
a check was on the scrimmages I just saw
you just hit hi oh my gosh
and I looked at your pictures and you're
really pretty there have been ages ago I
don't even know she store to say but
whatever um lots of people say they see
me and they don't come say hi and a few
people's did hide remember one time I
was in town and let's go can see hi we
were like both drunk I think but it was
really really good I gave her a hug and
she was like oh my god
and she was so nice and I saw this chick
in the plaza I'm sorry I can't remember
your name but you took a photo with me
and you should put it on my Facebook
page I bitch I look terrible because I
think I was very much makeup anyway this
is off the topic blah blah okay
are you going to do any more makeup
tutorials I just did their prom one but
I'm probably going to do some more I
just need to find some ideas because I I
don't know cuz for a ball I just would
work whatever to be honest and what was
the ultimate place like travel to really
what I go to Thailand oh my god so I
internet friends okay um blah blah blah
Doris would you consider head dating hey
but I just read that hating Homer yeah
hey man would you consider dating Hamish
I don't know um lots of people seem to
be rude obsessed with Hamish just be
honest okay anyway I think there's more
questions about concern so we'll just
skip that
Alicia do you think you'll give a travel
overseas and if so we're yeah I'll
definitely travel overseas I've traveled
overseas quite a bit I've been to
corpora Japan Malaysia whereas um
Australia Fiji is that it oh England
Ireland I think that's it and you
definitely go overseas and the future
definitely was it like your Thailand I
really want to go to more Asia countries
I really want to go back to UM Japan
because I loved Japan I really wanna go
to China
I really would go to America so I'd
definitely be traveling one day she
needs the money for that first Teresa
where do you see yourself in five years
I see myself overseas living in a
stringer or something like that um
hopefully with a pretty good job but
yeah I don't know I am a really little
bit at the moment kind of person live in
the moment I don't know so I'm pretty
much just gonna roll with whatever
opportunities come to me and see where
it takes me I'm not planning what I'm
gonna be doing and I don't even know if
I want to pursue what I'm doing it you
know at the moment but you never know so
I don't know yeah this one got lots of
thumbs up Carlene are you and Hamish an
item no we're friends
Kinzie Oh what do you say in a makeup
guru starter kit makeup makeup gross
target and I've got a beginner's
collection like makeup collection kind
of video there might help
it's really old but it still applies and
and I'm putting together an actual
freelance kit at the moment once I get
there we'll finish toward over the army
as well
well inspired your dad won by medicine
hi I love you you always call me on my
stuff most made you go to a blonde I'm
not really done at the moment am i I'm
gonna put a lot more lights in store in
time I hear oh my gosh it looks so much
worse on camera they let those of her
life and the process of trying to find a
new camera because this one makes all
the colors aren't really disgusting
anyways okay
I've forgotten the question why'd you go
double um I was sick and tired of brown
hair and had brown hair for years I've
been blown before but I didn't really
get to enjoy it because I decide to dye
my hair brown by the time I went finally
blown
you know idiot blonde and as soon as
those blondes like brown here and so I
really wanted to try it out again
because I liked it for like that one
week that I had a blonde and I was took
over ombre because I started seeing
everywhere even though I love it on
everyone else
I was sick of it on myself and I'm sick
of seeing it everywhere you know what I
mean
still a lot of them but anyway that's
pretty much it I think I talked about
that my cute video as well
oh god I don't think I'm to be up soon
I'm your senior I'm sorry I can't talk
anyway if you haven't noticed so
someone's messaging me um what's the
reason your breakup with you it's yeah I
just did that don't work out just wasn't
working out well kind of utility from
from closer I am from the mind of a -
region that's where I'm being bred
raised does that make sense or it raised
theirs well as meets that okay medicine
again also we've been doing a bedroom
tour especially since the start up now I
really want to see the way you store
things etc oh I don't know because I
haven't even got curtains up year if you
can see over there in the corner
um and I don't know I don't like my room
I don't like room tours I might do in
one day but honestly I have the roast of
rubbish storage system a bit like my
makeup and stuff is in tubs and I use my
beard to store my scars like I'm most
just really random so there's a
possibility but I mean a not anytime
soon um Aria would you consider yourself
an approachable person yes I would but
I'm also really really shy person like
someone comes out to be there don't lean
or lighting stars ask me I don't know
it's really hot like when my subscribers
come up to me I'm like because I get
really like shy and embarrassed like my
way coming out to me because I'm not
famous but you don't of me um but I
check it myself an approachable person I
like to help people out like you know if
people need advice or if they need help
with flex on life I met course I don't
know Greta
are you and Kelly living together hi
Bailey um no me not but that would be
pretty cool but no she lives at her
parents house and I live in my dad's
house Danielle what you've been with
Richie and what course you doing tick
well I see what
and I mean what happened with Richard
etic I am doing a bit of advanced visual
imaging which is basically just well I'm
majoring in weird minor in photography
which I hit some other crap as well and
I'm not enjoying it at all at the moment
I really enjoyed it last year at the
moments just like a stress bomb and I'm
just not dealing with it very well and I
don't know if I want to do it anymore
but I'm going to try and push through
this yes I can leave with a what is it
de Groote diploma deploy my thing I
don't know the two-year one um
and then maybe do something else like a
makeup cause I don't know we'll see what
happens and Stefani how tall are you I
am short
I'm only 161 centimeters tall so class
small I'm not like the shortest person
ever I know that hits the people on
youtuber like actually tiny like 4 foot
something but I'm like 5 foot 3 I think
so color
how would you style here we're going out
with what styling tools typically use my
ghd's cool straight and I just got one
of those like kind of like
barrel cooler things seem to me and I
use it to do my hair yesterday today
that's how I go wow they looks really
better than women but that's how I got
my hair like that and so I'll probably
use their that each time I go out that
I'm going to do some tutorials soon
because I've got blonde hair now I
didn't really do here tutorials when I
was a brilliant one because I kind of
suck at him was the time but that thing
that I got CMAs easy and true because I
had brown hair everyone's like I can't
even still you're doing anyway because
it's like let and I can't see into the
detail so this should help Stephanie
again how did you lose the weight you
lost eat less move more
that's all others I used my fitness
power which is an app for your phone
where you can use online My Fitness Pal
calm and you track your calories I
tricked my calories I exercised every
day and their title stood it it's really
not hard and it's not hard to keep it
awful you have to do is just really
think about the calories you're
consuming like instead of eating a
burger eat lots of veggies and you get
just as full and you have like half the
calories so I don't know just that kind
of thing I'll do a proper video on it
one day eventually okay what learning
products do you use
example turn it from semi um most
we the fudge purple shampoo and now
Movietone what does that movie Tony
Hughes purple ship I'm going to talk
about in my native a kid here care video
god I should not film at night listen to
me okay
Emily a white I just I don't even think
I'm gonna either this owner how did you
lose weight
in how do you have good even skin even
though we make up um just it house wait
no - how do you have good skin blah blah
blah I think it's just my skin in
general just lucky I have good skin um
I've got a skincare routine up but I've
just started using Dermalogica is that
it do Mirage okay yeah Dermalogica
products as well but I'll be doing your
skincare updated skincare routine very
soon and like maybe a month or something
like that when my skin has properly
adapted to the new products and at the
moment my face is disgusting for the
state time of the month and I'm getting
pretty girls okay
Nadia my fake you is would you even
consider getting back with your ex
because you were I think you know no way
um I think like it was like you guys
were slow cute why did you do it I don't
think I think what you saw on camera was
a bit different like Amy why did you
start doing puts on YouTube I think I
mentioned this before on my youtube
story but basically I couldn't find
anyone from New Zealand doing them and I
was like I can do it but they might
found people from New Zealand on it but
um I just thought it looked fun I liked
watching people in America and they
little bit so I decided to make a
channel to uh Rebecca how did you get
your here to try and like any profile
hit it was Foyle's um yeah how do you
deal with people who join what cement
their how do you deal with people who I
think that's supposed to say think thank
you wear too much makeup but you love to
be makeup I have low self-esteem I'm
always afraid people are thinking that
way too much makeup um I don't even
think I like it doesn't even cross my
mind what other people think we don't
put on my makeup I put on how much
makeup I want to wear and it's all I
care about in this or you should care
about because it's your face and you can
do whatever you like pretty much that's
all you should think
worried about them I'm Jack a look
Jacqueline Jacqueline sorry what is your
job other than YouTube beauty guru
student humming I work in a delicatessen
I give people hmmm coleslaw and cooked
chickens nishu your favorite cleanser
toner um I like Neutrogena brand and I'm
using Dermalogica like I just said and
they are both really good friends and
they make tons of really good products
Teresa what are you packing your triple
makeup bag make a pallet foundation
blush like my blush C palette then I did
a video on and then my line is a bla bla
bla bla bla and I always had lipstick on
my bag so just take that um tomorrow
what your future goals and what do you
say already super I studied and my
future goals I don't even know I want to
have my own house don't tickets only get
married one day I don't know actually
too late yeah probably I want a house
what a nice car I want a job where I can
work for myself I don't want to live
somebody else for the rest of my life
that's some of my goals um uber uber I'm
sorry how did you find oh did you find a
hard starting YouTube did you think
bullied or teased not to my face I
didn't just running bit to hamish before
he thinks I'm did um that's my face I
don't know how people realize did
anything but everyone now just thinks
it's really cool because I don't know I
guess they've seen you know how many
people really find my videos helpful and
blah blah blah
but um I didn't really thought I suppose
I did find it hard stone YouTube in the
fit there no one really watched me you
know it took a lot of perseverance and
you know had to keep making videos and
eventually I started seeing subscribers
and stuff like that I don't know um Anna
what bread it brand of bleach did use I
don't know is that stuff from shampoo
plus I talked about in my video
Sarah do you have a jobber than the
YouTube yeah that was the dollar job how
do you afford all of your makeup and
here etc save my money I don't spend all
of the money I earn I save a portion of
it
I don't really touch there
I always make sure I have a certain
amount lifted my bank account my savings
account and then I plan how much money I
need for my cool stuff because I need to
pay for assignments to be mounted and
printed blah blah blah and I planned how
much money I need for my food for the
week and then I kind of set myself an
amount that I could spend on other stuff
for myself so yeah honey so what
happened to you energy question mark
times billion I already seen Briana how
long does it take you to grow that
you're here that long um I don't own
first form it was here so and I've hit a
few trims and I would now be I don't
know that was like five years ago my
hair's been long forever I don't know I
used to wear extensions all the time
pull over your favorite websites forget
products that we can get in New Zealand
do you mean can't get yes you've said
can't underneath and I would check out
my 2011 favorites video that I did on my
other channel because on there I wrote
all of these links down below and the
what is it called info bar about where I
got all my favorite products from and
they're basically all the websites that
I shop off so check the map Sara who's
your favorite youtuber to watch um
favorite at the moment graveyard girl
she's amazing I had tons of favorites I
like to watch everyone that I'm
subscribed to so Lenny where do you work
deli
as I stared Weis REE wreath I'm sorry
and have you ever traveled to Mexico
Spanish country no I haven't but I'd
love to
Agustina how did you get your hair
blonde I made that video Casey or Casey
I'm sorry why have you stopped updating
your blog because I don't want to say
have no time like well I do have time
but the time the Spear time in my life
that I have I put into this channel and
my beauty channel and I would rather put
it into my videos in my blog because you
know obviously I would reach a wider
audience and more people like my videos
more than my blog and I just do not have
enough time like to do all three plus
study Plus have a personal life plus
sleep plus work etc you know what I mean
theta how did you change or why did you
change I was looking for his I stood
marina any other tenor plans answered
that one as well I'm Emma winner when I
Hamish are you going to start dating and
then my mum my mum said forget about the
exes that's about how about how much
would you dated my mom is obsessed with
Hamish seriously um makeup obsession
when are you coming to Wellington I know
I need to come soon I just am so
stressed out with the assignments like
I'm probably not even gonna get there
into a light medicine is still all like
next what is it summer what is oh and we
approve Hamish is good value well thank
you um angel did you color your eyebrows
later
no I didn't I just don't color them and
it start like it's pretty much like my
natural colour I just colored them the
very top because they're kind of not too
fine up top blah blah blah um no key why
did you change your hair color um I said
and how's the studies going stressful as
hell I hated some of my papers I'm
flying through fine some of them I'm
struggling so bad
um that's just year Tom I guess it
sounds like I'm not the only one so it's
kind of a relief
angel what faster to get to someone to
stand on YouTube or casting about hair
and makeup we've noticed we were very
first video yes I was definitely nervous
I actually filmed a few videos before I
uploaded my first one so that's kind of
used to talking to the camera what
advice would you give just I don't know
traffic along with upload really listen
to your viewers what they want to see if
you get any negative feedback brush it
off don't listen to them um there's
pretty much it at least this critique I
mean you know take what they say and
turn it into a positive and use it to
make yourself like make your videos
better um oh my gosh neon
this I'm sorry it's your way tell you
the type of on which answer to us guys
it's in a way it's just a white teddy I
think we I don't know if they're swim
like it kind of looks like ask after a
while because it just embeds into your
skin ego it's like a real pale milky
yellow scar color I don't know
and Morgan inspired you to be the makeup
IATA hey that's really cute um well I
suppose I don't know it just other
youtubers there's a freaking fly flying
around where did you come from
um just other youtubers I suppose
what are you staying answered their
cookie cookie knee I enjoy every one of
your videos even Reena stuff thank you
um
ashlynn what age were you when you got
into makeup I started playing in my
mom's makeup was like five but I
actually started wearing makeup I
started wearing mascara when I was in
like intermediate like you're eight
Indian I nursed I went into moisturizer
and like mascara
yeah Tina's probably on the same kind of
thing fifth form I started wearing
everything um we need to do stately mech
and Alf and stuff I was taking that when
I start making YouTube videos so like
two years ago three years ago nearly um
Valerie what's your favorite artist in
song I just I don't know my favorite
song at the moment is five by a party
I'm kind of obsessed with it um skincare
retainer makeup removal check out my
skincare routine video that shows how I
take off my makeup well explain and that
was from spit bladder oh my god I'm so
terrible I could not be a teacher
um plus I'm really better at remembering
people's names like I don't know any
actors names I'll see them in every
movie I remember their anyway cared
could you please post a picture of your
here from the bit before you went blonde
I don't know if I have a photo of my
hair from the bed before I went blonde
I'm sorry
hmm um I'm really sorry kit how do you
do a winged eyeliner um pretty much just
like fluid half the time I screwed up
but I just put on tons of scaring you
can tell I have a tutorial up it's
really old but it's the exact same as
how I don't know in the last question
Haley how do you stay in such great
shape just to watch what I eat in
exercise and it's not it so there's all
the questions in this video is really
really long I'm probably not gonna be
able to able to upload this until
tomorrow because I'm really really tired
so I'm really sorry
I'll get this I said not like you guys
kid because I have the time to watch me
say this it's already up anyway I hope
you guys are really good day night sleep
whatever you died and
to say hi
