yep me and Kelly going to class they're
just over there taser you here and he
explained my room I'm kind of waiting
maybe we could talk today I need to
clear out my closet and I need to clear
out my makeup collection and dump some
stuff on trade me or something like that
because too much crap everywhere that I
don't need so yeah we've got class I've
got a presentation I'm just going to it
one computer so maybe we I want to have
a mighty pescado today because I need a
buy one yeah yeah well vlog some bits to
a case it's really creepy with there
outside it's like overcast and cloudy
and cold cranky with us dying to hit me
zoned hmm well walking by the pub but so
cold outside
we snuck in five o'clock five o'clock
five o'clock traffic we're going to go
get it noodle Katie before class we just
spent all afternoon cleaning out my
closet and shopping so I'll probably do
a haul my main channel like I don't know
how film something tomorrow
um but yeah and I just cleaned out my
closet so I'm gonna try Kate so close-up
on trade me and stuff I just tied my
fringe somewhat well-oiled it cuz it was
like a game is pretty much it's still
way as I can't really tell but I really
like my hair and the chick that was
working if Adrienne commented on my hair
and she said you here is a really nice
color so it's got a very good start
because people never really coming to my
hair color
I'm not filming you
and I'll show ya video
Hamish and this is Daniela what about
this is a blue blue lagoon
right so much show them your James but
both got master James boy why your J
file is crossed no facts never goes off
right as a mofo you guys are drinking
pretty flavor this is like Jersey Shore
that's what
the on-camera love them
yes of yourself oh just leave the timer
okay
you don't have nothing right now bro
Jonathan yen of course honors best us
favorite Oh as you fuckin bit like this
you guys fans right here so she has an
example right here
