we just got to where are we Sydney and
you guys will already know if you follow
me on social media but I do have a
collab to me out with white box boutique
so check my social media for more
information but we're going to head over
to Whitehorse boutique now made up the
team with some lunch transferred clothes
with the photos and yeah I'll take you
along with me
yes yeah Harper 16 what elegant it was
okay let's go oh my god so I think they
look so good on the mall yes with your
hair on yeah what it was pretty much
this is my favorite part down here are
the murk yeah in the queue top in the
queue shoes yeah I kind of recognize
stuff from the website explode by white
box of the time cutest oh you're so cute
oh my god oh my god
hey what one let's get one listen to you
listen to you yeah you're the favorite I
die so cool look at me and you're not
listening
oh look at it okay we're going to love
like oh us just so yummy yeah okay so
we're here yeah we're here taking some
photos to Shannon is announcing who
shinnok's a wife Fox boutique
collaboration and they put on some food
for us which is really nice what's the
really should hold on
yes all of the surfaces if you want to
enjoy
yeah and how long have you guys been
working on this for like a
it's game time so this is part of this
part of the collection
all these are my yep you talk away think
you got jewelry you know t-shirt module
see some dresses very short and there's
figure out a greatest variation is oh
there's my colleagues delicious I share
my trays obviously wallet and now I call
Michael this is literally you like
everything I wear and you're you're
wearing one at the moment
yes match and the shoes as well and so
you super excited to be doing that we're
just MIDI room from whitefox but taking
their really nice it looks awesome
stand by this they're going to try
something no no right now now we're
getting ready ready for drinks and
dinner with the white box boutique team
should be super exciting I'm starving
I really had lunch a bit breakfast
that's it so I'm really excited to eat
I'm wearing Lucent highlighter she
really drawn lashes but I cannot be
bothered
I'm so exhausted shattered wanna go bed
what that what I am I'm going to be I
said I eat cut me off I said want to go
to bed but I will knock so also what
have fun make the most of our last day
in Australia but I could definitely life
I just like lay down right now at
forcefully I'm so tired
yeah Hamish wanted to start drink a lie
5 p.m. and I was like no I'll be wasted
by the time consider if I do that no no
no no no I'm just trying to find it
outfit I'm wearing it what folks
Boutique shit exploit collections Boop
all these are so annoying
Thank You Tamara
look how cute I love it
three Banali what's your dream
I'm so sorry oh I think you started
before oh you need to get in normal size
he hits home inning we're dealing with
you mainly Oh Tony oh sure
Julie seeing the sunglasses maple free
I'm a mule
Jinja variance supplement kind of like
in Japan now physical on soda it's
healthy
how does it help
okay one sec yeah yeah Angela chiming
that was really out of it
yes nothing else bit over this feature
may be always like a literally d'etre
limit like the same thing huh I mean
this is a popular what is that mushroom
risotto - hey guys I actually did just
get back from the gym I just showered
shaved my legs it's already came effect
and today got my protein you shook and I
put the wrong a little and so it's
really a movie and my coffee drink which
I'm obsessed with lately I'll have to
like tell you guys what's in it
substitution I make my next one tomorrow
whatever and today I'm just doing a
whole lot of extra beauty work designing
some cases for the I mean boxes for the
phone in it cases because the phone
cases came we have a couple of issues
the colors are a little bit off look at
this I need to sort out quality control
obviously before we hedge the sort of
stuff that you couldn't do behind the
scenes you know so try to figure out
what's going on here and yeah I've got
to sort out the packaging and everything
here's one of them I want to make them a
little bit brash as oh look how cute
I want a little bit brighter so it's a
little bit dull so it's a little bit
more contrast this is only the first
samples I'm so excited I posted on
Twitter and hit - you add you're really
excited - you guys jealous is my lunch
slash it's three o'clock in the
afternoon but we've got dinner in like
three hours I don't have a huge lunch so
many snacks look yay yay currently
listening to the newer at summer next
2017 I guess flip I guess I'm still
waiting I've been doing a million other
jobs - hello this lighting is not
flattering I say times last night I
promise you it does not look this orange
in real life I think it's because it's
really dark I just uploaded a new makeup
tutorial on my channel oh damn girl
Louise being sassy aren't you being
safer this morning yes sir I'm just
about to go films today I am filming my
white folks batik launch video and I'm
also going to do a makeup tutorial so I
need to go get started Lilly
okay he doesn't give a shit he just
wants cuddles let me get one contract
let me get some water parasailing let me
piss water concept of your plant a
single resolve video one film dated a
full-face first impression it was a bit
of a disaster I'm not gonna lie like so
many of the products are terrible so
Cooper oil for that one my lashes are
the center by the way expose okay so now
I'm gonna sell my lets us to take much
money huh I forgot to show you guys how
to make my coffee again so do it big
tomorrow
I am I just finished filming my white
fox boutique collab and not presidio
he's always in a bit ground I took of my
lectures now we're going to the gym I
should really wipe off all my makeup
that's going to can't be bothered
I've already wiped off like half my nose
makeup from like taking the clothes off
wearing my nike top and Eddie dos
bottoms which I feel like I should have
mentioned mixture match from a clutch so
I like it's ground upon to mix and match
it is in my key butter Lucas hi there's
nice sunny day here lucky you're the
luckiest dog ever look a bit some look
at it yes so sunny hi
wow there's a good wheat my name is just
got back from the German have a quick
shower
those are some photos pics Oh Beauty men
die we're going to go out the door so
knit the next morning I'm so it's not so
bad at vlogging right now I just keep
forgetting to blog so I'm going to show
you how I make my coffee right now there
were a couple two spoons of coffee and
I'm doing ice water to dissolve it I
like to use a big tall class as well
then ask what slots why and then this h2
cocoa coconut water with cocoa blend
there it is
coconut water look at these hanger Scott
senses no baby is like 1 2 3 4 that
Subin took takes in here
