vol Kelly's looking for hair dye
we're both dying out here today well not
today well how does this this is light
ash blonde though it's too lightly mmm
it looks the same but yeah like one
shade or two shades darker problem
hmm yeah
Kelly the haters right here might fall
out might default in half an hour
hopefully not you can't bleach all over
it I'm recording really it does hipster
came in it and can I have Tony super
orders and for first on create change
team checking my cheese's um and for one
of the circle McDouble are teen chicken
McCheese it's not but yeah and for quick
doubles oh yeah that's the first one
what was it cool 5 it is a puncher and
I'll check and make chase and turn my
gosh yeah yeah and for the second one we
have five chicken my chasers and Tomac
doubles please
yeah that's hardly loose change menu
anymore
making the loose change and epic
me alone
holy at least while I'm looking
forward to the labels can i film you
vomiting I don't think it's right of
illness
I just want ferocious I don't know if
I'm filming you out of it
Owen where's my not a new card
you'd better have it I have more money
for hours I think you deals to be fun
I'll probably finish within like 30
minutes no you will not have a
army the offer I'm so hungry of a cake
at least we can tell which one's a wish
what your little rehearsal tomorrow I
don't know you're not cold
okay I'm gonna go cold calaman make sure
that out to the photos that sir
silence so what are the ReWalk I'm
pretty sure those are men seconds but
they ran out of they ran out of my
chicken Dracula season the greenness of
it just wait we should have how many
boogers all up seven h21 oh my god okay
that's it this metaphor family place
feeding a small family or a small family
maybe like a mess of family what's 5
times 4 21 tell them how many you ate I
don't even know I oh you've
really been training also really man
again
no you just carry on high sucks I ate
four so you don't have to is storing a
but yeah
Athena so out of 20 must weigh heaven
judging freaking kids well for is the
benefit kind of for me
you lookin planing after poor Jana
that's how it's not easy these people
will be watching noble at all that's so
easy yeah
here's a hair update I'm ganger at the
moment slowly doing files to go dark
won't excuse my I sit with my content in
the other day and it is killing me I
don't have contacts at the moment I've
got these little eye drops them so sore
um anyways but here's the bottom slowly
getting there I'm in my pajamas oh cool
so yeah it doesn't look too bad it's
just like a caramel color is actually
looking way worse than this lighting
than it does during the daytime but yeah
hopefully it turns out all right
eventually we had to go get more dye
Kelly's here so far and here's the place
that we the proper bleachers are sharp
apparently so we're just getting the
creepy stuff from the supermarket and
hopefully my hair doesn't fall out now
we're going to go get some food not
really sleeper here
hey Kelly yeah maybe I'll show you
inside but my hair's it's not like real
bad
what I said was for my hour and
a half last night the ins agree blonde
is but pretty excited anyone's I don't I
you hear but not everyone's some people
were like yes type blonde like it's
people like no keep it diet but it's
just that I've had dark hair
I just hate dark hair like most of my
life I've had it like read and I've hit
a bone before but I wanted it to be
lighter for a change
and because it's one day and I'm weird
in winter and I like to be frightened
winter you notice that every time it's
winter it's like laughs lintels right
yeah like I don't like dark and went to
glue
Kelly's here let's talk filming
that's that way
Oh spicy
does anyone else love this I think it
tastes amazing Kelly's got a lift bus I
love with plus two but I'm on a reboot
kick lately hmm yeah probably I don't
know I just feel like ripple sometimes
we're doing some more I'll be doing
Utley yeah we've been doing it like
every day but staying to look better
I want it lighter than this a bit
lighter and less orange obviously we're
going for Ash but obviously it's got to
go through the king of stage first and I
should not wear white on weigh 210 for
white right now it looks ridiculous got
our files I mean my cool shorts that
don't get bleeped over my legging Kelly
is becoming a pro at this I feel like a
robot right now I got it all wrapped up
and glad rate so that it heats up a bit
better I just thought I should mention
right now if you want to go blonde like
what I'm doing maybe if you have never
done this kind of thing before like
never done your van here never used
bleach do not do it on yourself go to a
Hedra so that at least the first time so
you can see what they're doing in lune
and do lots of research and everything
the only reason I'm doing it myself is
because my mum's a hairdresser I've
grown up I've been blonde before and
I've done this before and I know all
about Lee it should I know
the precautions I know how to check that
you know it's not you know turning it
into crap and I'm not leaving it into
law or anything like that um so yeah
like if you have never done it don't
risk at the first time you know you
don't want to have your hair fall out
and break and go completely a disgusting
color and regret it
so I just thought I should say that it's
a little disclaimer I don't want
everyone just copying me straight away
um but yeah like definitely try like if
you want to go blonde definitely go to a
heater surface unless as I said you know
exactly what you're doing
but would you $5,000 checks paid by King
Kong's mega stuf limited
I bought this today with 61 dollars from
shampoo class and I've used it once so
far and it was amazing
I'm liking it so far I think I'll do a
full review on my beauty Channel once
I'm done with it
and I also want to try the other one
make a damia or mask so I might do like
a comparison video if I get the other
one as well
and my auntie gave me this and it's
really really nice just to give you some
shine and body into a head and then this
one I bought before I started bleaching
my hair from shampoo plus 2890 and it
has pretty much saved my hair during the
bleaching process
it's got like keratin and all that crap
I think immuno style reboot that yes I
think this is why my head has not broken
off and it's actually my hair is
actually really really smooth and
insanely like it's not breaking off or
anything that's really weird so just let
it show you what I'm using also the
stuff is amazing I used it when I was on
braying my hair as well but it's really
really good and oh my god I don't know I
think it was like 23 dollars okay so
here's my fear after bleaching at this
afternoon we only did one lot on top of
oils I mean and then I set with purple
shampoo in my hair for like an hour and
but still quite brasses that musics
really loud
but yeah um it's still quite grassy so
tomorrow I might do a few more foils on
the top to get some more of the nice
blonde in it um and on the side
especially and my friend is quite orange
at the moment and I want my hair to be a
more ashy born because of my undertone
of my skin it looks kind of odd right
now I'm gonna be honest and but I'm
liking it so far and my hair I use that
Moroccan oil mask in the Moroccan oil
okay I don't think I showed you the
Moroccan or I bought it today don't I
show you I don't know I instagrammed it
city back so this little thing but oh my
god it's amazing it smells pretty good
too am I here
but can you even just see like oh
someone is mystery me I'm here to see
like how soft my hair looks and it feels
better than it did when I was brown um
let me know what you think of the hair I
know some people going to hate it but I
wanted to change hits people like I'll
make your hair dark your hair is solid I
start blah blah blah but I've been dark
forever as I probably said earlier yeah
um I'm liking it I needed a change and
so I just need to even it out Edd's to
Milan make it more ashy and then I'll
probably go in with some dark blonde
hair dye or something or go to be here
drink it some chunks of like darker
color put in for low lights and then
maybe some highlights depending how the
unit comes out I mutter II have
highlights by the end of it I don't know
but yeah so I'm going to end this vlog
now so I can edit it and upload it
tonight and I hope you guys have a
really good day and I'm sorry that this
is like for vlogs long um well not for
vlogs like three days of vlogs I don't
know let me know if you think this
formats okay like how I do like clips
during a few days and put them all into
one because some days I don't match so I
think it's easy just to like make one
vlog over a few days they may see it so
never let me know okay I'm gonna stop
talking now see ya
