me and Kelly just filled out for the day
she's making the channel today our
creation is cool it's something simple
like how your names like Kelly's just
something like that and I just do do you
know this it's just like Kelly like
people know your name is Kelly yeah my
pom-poms I love my my but my thing
Kelly's instagramming it we need to
start vlogging some more who have
decided I need to give this fund we were
watching our vlogs from ages ago and
they were making us laugh oh it's like
Inception look how long this top is on
me I'm too short a bit worried this like
oh yeah
every worried these sunglasses like
every day you get them from
I got these from there let's say website
they've seen them to me age together you
like a just do a giveaway but I love
these even though I don't think I really
can we just
that's attractive as our plans today
we're doing study and what else watching
I take the gig what we're just waiting
for these useless people to leave
they're taking forever
seriously we've been waiting all morning
yeah I will be there visiting the body
what time is it yeah
oh my for they go here like yeah they
haven't even put in the window yeah they
just like stayed in this you see and
we've got stuff to do
and I'm hungry what do you feel like yes
it's a social subway yeah can you tell
we're bored right now should we join up
for the enjoy it we already filmed it
out for the day but we'll just tell you
anyways because this will be up before
they're always my top is from we all
good victory victory we both going and
it's good like a clear back chiffon but
and you can see my brat but I don't
really care
and then my shorts are from Glassons and
they're too big for me and they look a
bit silly and my shoes we they're from
number one shoes and I got them for like
$5 and I've got my normal bracelets on
that I always wear and my nails are
acrylics and I didn't do them myself
because I'm not a professional but that
place kind of sucks and okay hold on
yeah but I'm wearing fleshpot lipstick
on my eyelids I'm wearing it's like a
and my his that gate to another horrible
frizzy this is Kelly
she's blonde and she's an idiot we're
nice to each other well do you do face
first
what are your face makeup what's on your
lips do we do it
it's broken but it's nude
oh no global lipstick nice I dropped in
the store on it and the top speed of
muscle is she's gonna play to do here
because I had a fringe in it I'm trying
to grow it out
eight minutes lets us roam ruby shoes
okay please your top frog
I do that I've got this one in black
yeah we both got in black
okay yeah it looks really good but it's
actually like in Jerusalem it's like
even within this one yeah well I'm
really tall anyway where's your
bracelets wrong hey quit what's on your
nails that you see one in my big it's my
favorite one yeah it's pretty I'm gonna
paint my toenails lately yeah so I don't
know wool Oh later
we're on our way into town
throughout photography now and we
couldn't drive for an hour in case the
windscreen for that the guys dude so
that's back so we're gonna be doing
photography forever now so okay we have
just I don't know I think oh great you
caught we just babe pissing around all
day we tried to print photos it was not
working well so we're to do they're like
a billion times so where are they just
starting to come down
how's your life going dr. Phil no so
pretty
gee maybe you guys food it's all food
drink by Little John pretty funny so my
hair is a move and we wait to go get our
meat cutter we got the meat cutter we
went to buy some blades in the shop a
shop so we pretty much can't even do
anything better why we got have we got
have photos printed eventually and it
took it was the biggest machine here
because none of the best worked one one
person corrupted our memory cards or
something dude
that wasn't a bit of fun and it was so
stressful me Kelly likes wearing boots
but we got a ton of each li and
hopefully some of the photos Orica the
ways we could go to every game which
would be real fun and now we going
grocery shopping because we feel like
cooking boobs all the rows on the road
the American I'm not being a feets fool
to you guys by the way I'm just sayin
why Americans travel the other side of
the road and stuff and in New Zealand
they had like arrows on the roads and
stuff because but hates the travelers
that come to New Zealand drive on the
wrong side of the road and kill people
and so yeah let down by Kelly straight
like we don't want to match the 99 seats
put it a big
do you want Khalif lap how do you pick
them my name on a little one
this is such an entertaining vlog what
vegetable shall we buy brussel sprouts
no I hate carrots they smell bit it I
can smell them too like a mile away
should we just keep this will start like
putting on the oven and stuff when we
get home because it tastes a bit you
better cook
okay so we've got there and we've got um
camera at home
well you can hear some if you want I
don't think I would yeah we got I think
we've got potatoes might get a couple
more dudu wires
I'm hearing this with my alcohol
okay this is naturally so far it has to
be Nick Clark
which toilet paper should we buy
which one's cheap the one that's on
specials are gone oh do we have milk
yeah we don't it shouldn't be expired
yet when do I buy I bought her when we
were in there we go
maybe we should get one just in case can
you buy a little no because it's not
fair free
I can't drink coffee milk makes me feel
sick okay okay my makeup now that's
terrible well we forgot to film dinner
we're currently looking at wine New
Zealand makes lots of wine we're trying
to figure out what wines are by but the
one that I get and it sounds like I'm an
alcoholic
it's like Rolo percentage so that's
boring do you buy the one that's next to
it like if that's that one today I mean
the one next to it's going to taste the
same but to all of these tastes the same
or they just we decided that we're gonna
drink tonight more all these things
we're looking for wine but I just redid
my makeup it is the Naked palette the
second one and I just put on some more
powder I just put on what's it called
ear minerals they stuff and I've got
India and natural lymph India by NYX
Black Label lipstick in it from them
lipstick by oh and I've got my pretty
Nicolas one look at this makeup did you
wear Naked palette
it was only Oh Mitch remember the same
ones me yeah yeah my hair is the same as
I did earlier and Kelly's doing pretty
much the same thing McKeon as well my
friend my hairs are all clean um did I
bring in oh yeah did I show you guys
what I got because they got some red
Bull so we gots to hear my stuff stylish
my um met nipple you story me Bek
no I don't okay so I'll vlog tonight for
remember today's vlog is being pretty
much a failure I'm sorry
we're going to show you a photography
and stuff but they're kind of busted as
we see it so see what happens later it's
video
she hasn't even started drinking it
place died stove this is Kelly's ring
it's really cool lighting do it go it's
blinking wearing hey mister sir
this is what I wish he's been drinking
yeah this is a cave-like black curtains
last time we were having a wet wipes
fight they sound so loud yeah feel like
cold front punch totally and someone
punched me in the back there it is
pretty nice big bruise oh you're all
blurry
Taylor no not you this is just water
brown water nobody can what's it John
like I haven't uploaded that other video
you like oh my god regarding this
