yo I thought that I would flog a bit
today I'm using my camera I normally use
on my beauty channel because my vlog
camera i think is broken I don't know
what happen but it doesn't like hold its
charge or anything but I'm me and Kelly
are going out to my mom's house today
she lives up by like like kind of near
national pot not really i don't know i
don't really want to say exactly um I'll
just wave Kelly to come and we going to
go get some lunch and then we going to
got there and I'm just thought I don't
know what vlog cuz i havent in ages as i
said in any chance of chocolate
it's always tough yeah I guess
you blocked me on Facebook and now
you're going to die
that way the language this camera looks
like it's way too good quality for a
blog
I got chicken fill it with southwest
I send me
way distract I'm very mum's house didn't
even say his moms have oh this freaky
look oh my God he's so cute Ricky where
are you oh there you are see you at
hello yeah Ricky to stop focusing hi hi
pajamas me Oh funny I'll turn this to
dollar shop today bit baby and it was so
funny um some papers I had the or
something there crafts that Lisa is it
Lisa with me I think so then from that
happiness or something so far oh my god
I look so cute at this photo of like
eating the mattress my little
sick anyone see you so Kelly
we're eating salami and pit a to compare
him a meat on meat and oranges and fruit
and chicken dip how's it so good like
pigs not focused mm-hmm I think the
fires going out fire dinner and a big
key because the Pikes are warm in those
bowls are hot smokin excuse man
Ricky what is it this boy they're gonna
go like the bonfire it's gonna be real
successful it's blurry to hide out of
focus we felt Dale yeah
I love the sound of fire good smell the
diesel enough to die I think I did
instagram I'm instagramming oh nice Oh
stupid doodles wrong who do you like the
white ones yeah
other thing catch them on fire and then
blow them out on them as well yeah mrs.
will go it'd be a shame not to it it's
recording oh yeah that's hot all right
last egg hunts is it still recording
uh-huh lazy pigs
don't mix hmm okay it was fun this is
what not to do both imma try just melted
waggle oh I touched it ah-ha looky what
is it she doesn't like it hmm yeah this
is our handy sister of toasting
marshmallows know when to seek it up
we just gonna phone for a bit because we
can't see these really I've got wax
strips machi I'm we can't see this
really really like my shop kyle is what
this oh this one
like his big like six them to a class
I'm sure there's a Ferrari as well I
look like a four hard could it didn't
look like those ones
it's like I think way as I try yellow
ones to read once hit a bit no that's
wrong I just sort of read the everyone a
bit oh here comes one not that
there it is like seriously where they
going it's been a ton of the light just
now
no illusion and now we got the base
banging from answer Buckingham Palace
couch Karen and Simon we're forgetting
my turn in the fight go everybody rock
she looks like
let's taste we are going to beach
there's a funny
oh yeah we were speaking later on with
my phone
good
given those like it almost
so nice
look what
kind of brat
huh
so long we're here again
so yeah to work focus on add dinner
please so dead dinner even though I
think it's gonna focus it's just hit me
a fit all right hitting Coomer tips fish
oh hey Olli obey me and Kelly from the
video to get lunch today do we already
say this no width of the BB cream
reviews I was clear spotting these ones
yeah and we're bored now and we just
can't figure out what to do oh wait wait
but each other what we are oh ok i just
started caught it recording um hey all
it is gymnastic crab stick is it good oh
my god i guess our folk mmm we just like
we were driving okay there was this guy
in front of both needs to be a lie i was
in the other line like the light big
swim and so I was like I left the light
straight away because you know I'm
really I know in the lights going to
trigger it anywhere yeah and he was like
a boy racer so here's a lawyer you
should talk she's trying to drag me out
and sorry like I like go cuz I was
already on my way and then I get like
the outside that he like zooms past me
and he's like who I think it's real
close and they like I got up next to him
because I spit up I was like did I cut
him off I drove I drove in front of him
and then he changed lanes and then I was
trying to change lanes or something and
he likes speed up so I couldn't change
the lanes and he's like hey fellas like
learning
it was so funny though and they like got
in front of him so I could turn it it is
like following me but then we lost him
what it was just exciting Kelly might
make a channel soon by the way we talk
about yeah we talked about it in the
other video and she's she just wants to
know if people would watch you hmm would
you want to watch this space I know
laptop screens that in your iPad your
iPhone rich people your Apple scenery
and technology yeah okay we'll talk
later there was no it is yeah I'm
drinking this she just spilled it all
over here yeah that's why it's so if
Nicholas posted all moving its judys
time oh now so we love her no she
wouldn't even watch me two million years
though yeah she's popular so yeah yeah
yeah I was gonna say sorry about your
bit out for I'm thinking that what
what do you think I'm talking baseball
are you talking to no Jackson I I just
put my why don't you liek are you
excited for tonight Kelly ghost at 26
Abe yeah actually you know I won't don't
we get on with my leave I know I i only
spent a bug's okay calm down kitchener
away it's not focusing ready to go why
you're like make it say you holy
y'all even a mistress dangerous little
asia is dangerous
I've got some over here my camera with
what are you doing totally ok ok here we
go get some he says yes like John
oh this hyper I tried to Instagram how
you bitch but he's been good oh that's
good to measure oh just kidding oh this
is move on your list cleaning a little
bit in your lash box also play an
outrage you wanna chill fashion business
what are you doing just because you guys
camp around this early and you're sure
face doesn't mean we're going to be
really say we were why what is the time
I'm so drunk I fight in living 41 pounds
opening in my couple minutes that's
Sunday happily this gives drinking in
hotel what do you tension
ok I'll making music city that'll be the
most expensive esta music video ever
what wait is it fellas let's go into the
music fellowship no I got this one I say
you going on here before my fingers it
oh oh you that what they can't read good
night can you read that is Emma tragedy
little sister oh wow these are mechanics
Oh what is that drinks drinking Dickey
fell off what is this a careful on here
it's a kettle on slag it's been it's a
lot is it yeah this time oh yeah cuz I
author against that one in the booth
then casually goes do you know well i'm
running out all police okay you know you
don't need it sooner okay listen up okay
Sam English that's right I wasn't like
well you know I was a night in the
planet quite a tandem rolling home hey
good morning it wasn't us tyrannous Qin
advocated Haley you wish we see look at
it without you I hey hey hey not really
look at yourself
