when do I stop why don't worry the very
first thing is gonna be with I came here
check right here hold up little anything
like this hold it up in front of your
face just a bit like sort of falls on
you take that away what was about what
about photography and then we just
corrected afterwards official Photoshop
school yep Lighting's to devote some
cheese even a newspaper journalist with
a pen and pad
all right so your next check around
school yeah
your camera's going show yeah yeah I
might go see you in the shot just a
if I'm wide enough there might be a
stray body in the corner hmm and I'm
loud enough and who might came watching
so Shannon what look are we going for
today yelling at you like a near me but
your hearing aid in did right genin so
what look are we going for today I'm
going to start experimenting with my
naked palette whenever you're ready
so ask you to stop it on the okay
I'll see you just when you're licked I
just just just special feel differently
social workers get more than me so are
you so she ain't even agent doing
something they smell just just trying to
get a reflection you just perfectly
finishing your eyes or were you doing
something in me yeah I'm it's like
halfway so Aries just kind of put me ask
you a question about the products or I
mean a number of times mm-hmm maybe this
one she couldn't walk into a reference
from Shannon's just finishing off
something and you know just walks into
the shot that's a quick question yeah
minutes that's a nice shot too okay so
just for the variation yeah nice how
many products do you reckon you use in a
single look Shannon tons and tons ball
back ah maybe like 10 15 different
products it's a fair amount yep hello we
frame no yeah let's cross the line up
yet there is no line on 20 okay it's a
sports program isn't it yep so you just
stop please get the door and close to
Kelly okay okay so sort of a book I
don't know what's gonna work
Oh are no partial to look
let me go on just racing look under way
that chink of the lights come from the
kicks inside oh you can't tell me that
feels good luck everybody.i oh we're
just just finishing off or either I
doctor
same things to go to for your eyes no
thank you I mean it's just looks like
after this is it yeah I'll go to prom
violations yeah can the auditors know
which are you gonna push up Excel scope
it goes on first I going doing what you
want yeah I kind of Webster this chest
could I get your to net turn us around
and grab amount of brushes we've sort of
about what we know doesn't matter which
brush but if your hand is sort of
erratic almost in front of the so if you
just turn around and they just take a
brush sister should stick this time
these are the things annoying I mean
we've got the pro so we can't really see
it came in lsat stick will be out of it
yeah it doesn't look that up mr. and
young she is a trump pop try to hold the
paper as as some as still as dearly as
possible and just probably again thank
them yeah just put on sorry put an
understated you normally would cool
smells good it's going good says that it
so I'm things going to do probably the
final touch and then here in coming
short and just visit what I origin yep
so we have mirrored 10 minute mark yeah
it's the most of it then you come in
here and can you come in so I can see
what you're going to be actually i Swan
deductible you look into the three-year
up anything area I'm just supposing
Sherman's face can't lose a face after
it's just like around more this chaos
camera is actually blocking my shot on
that angle end if I come right on it
also a cheap camera over because it
doesn't matter this thing I think we
just take away the whole camera do it
yet oh just put that ball move whole box
of course yeah okay so it'll be the last
little bits so will be on you last a
little bit and then else ya got in 321
nice all done yep all done awesome so if
you hit 100k could do you haven't well
good do you have to reckon there is one
thing do can people do one thing
