here's Kelly we have a vlog for ages but
today we're vlogging because TV people
are coming to film me if you live in New
Zealand you know of 2020 and yeah I'm
going to be on 2020 I've got my makeup
on yet because I'm about to film a video
and then they're coming over and after
film a video in front of them is awkward
Kelly's going to be the captain vlogger
and if this vlog starts just blame her
we're downing pastor back before they
get here good I gave Kelly here's
another Kenting hole um I was finished
doing my makeup and it was the biggest
mission ever I filmed it getting ready
um i was gonna do one of my chit chat
ones but I just I'm in a rush um yeah my
false eyelashes look how pretty I look
hmm they were being a complete yenna
this is what I'm wearing my interview
I've got this get in my mouth we've just
like tired everything out I've got to
film a video in front of them so we're
waiting for them to arrive so we can do
the interview and stuff and I'm freaking
out freaking out her nails look pretty
but everybody get out my nigga got a
Oh
oh my god
I was likely money just lying on the
deal yeah we might have to lose the
necklace of a kid chatting yeah that's a
setting like sort of a setting Dacre on
the beer taste notice of its selling
cross me again Posada left on in front
of you okay especially blush can i push
something less you know sometimes you
just because what we'd like to I spy
show as the process that you filmed on
here you take the plane here put on a
computer fire I'm movie we don't need to
see like you cutting a real one but we
just make our cuts here in the years you
know diploma you're not going to use
their let's just
finest a new zealand shannon's be my
final geez doh yeah yeah is that gonna
more but when I'm telling you need to
sit around here and i'll turn that off
bus in the batteries that go what yuck
then I'll turn it back on when we get
there
again
that'd be another one
but I understand
why for the camera
you
yeah they extended the Placer
you know normally it's the kids that
leave home and in my case it was May a
little funny act because I only moved in
with my partner and like November so
you can
I
he just finished doing the filming any
room was staring at us funny
Kelly's gonna be on TV with beauty we
were like they'll actually charged
killing me so we're like running around
in trolling and then they were like oh
talk about the colors do you like these
oh my gosh we're going to muck around
for an hour and then we go to do the
interview at their hotel or something
like that yeah my mum I said that's my
mum oh yes I was trying to enjoy
watching 20 2015 yourself cause it's all
like New Zealand man so bad New
Zealanders
me and Kelly have been obsessed with
Kiwi very lately if you guys don't have
one where you live yes we have a daily
it's so good and if you've never had it
you lose it you're losing you're missing
out try it Phnom Penh off your pie what
are you doing now Porsche is pretty much
my nosh hold on focusing oh yes I can
see this much now wanna iced coffee
thank you pineapple and of course me
probably what do you say anything why is
it so yeah
yeah oh I'm filming oh no I'm just
saying front on yeah we're just talking
about mama what do you guys think about
the mama that's on trade me for like how
much you get 3 grand 3 grand couple
hundred bucks don't taste good enough
for three green open we just went to
count down and they had like ten jars of
it on the ground I think they're worried
people are gonna steal it because
everyone's going mean tool because my
mind is Armand crisis why even happen is
done the factory shut down or something
cuz I'm safe Judy who's a hike yeah oh
my god and everyone's selling out him i
might like and it's usually like had it
last night by nine-thirty this morning
dad running everyone's going in there
this is going to the dairy in selling
like buying all of the moment it's crazy
it's just mymy people did you might spit
it anyway thing it might encourage
people to try to get they made for you a
tea what y'all here anti vid you might
people maybe it's not so cold maybe yeah
we might want to go get our pizza we're
getting house pizza and we finished the
interview and it was I didn't even
realize she was filming me because she
was just talking to me normally and then
all the sudden I was like wait I'm being
like interrogated right now but it
wasn't like that what was that nothing
darling she's dissing me for talking my
camera yeah it doesn't go to bed they're
coming back tomorrow morning and then
they're gonna fill me at you call and
we're gonna have a jolly old time I have
to be yes mom so anyhow Bateson's going
to be delicious and my top is from which
one was it from teamed no it was teamed
my talks from teams if you're wondering
I just got over so twenty bucks no still
be in stock if you go now
kind of joke school class I'm filming
myself no I dropped you've got a wheel
it top tomorrow we're eating crumb Kevin
beer oh no God no mana mana fine why had
she wondered if they would ask but now
so then it's fine the officer cameraman
of shitty need some help and he's been
windows camera by the stage that was a
bit of humor killer shame we're studying
now aren't we good and we're doing the
rest of the filming tomorrow look at
Mike all ears um we're so tired um pizza
was good and I forgot to format my bed
but yeah good night
