don't know what data is what this state
day six we just woke up it is probably
eight o'clock yet add clock in the
morning and we just had the worst sleep
of our lives because this like thing
this hat is so many holes in it there
yeah like if the roof is falling apart
and that they were geek O's in here and
bugs and we covered him or Kelly's
covered if I found one sofa but we can
waking up it was like so uncomfortable
with the pelos with lumpy it was
terrible we've got one more night stay
here and then we're back and Andy and
we're kind of at the point we were
looking forward to going home because
we're just tired of the San way it's
like so exhausting and now it's raining
this is the first dates rain since would
be so yeah Chris first for the day
complex oak chair montage banana
pineapple still running outside we're
supposed to be coming today better and
we're gonna go yeah we're not gonna go
cuz it won't be fun in the rain and a
leagues are very very sore we are in a
bikini because it's all store yeah I
don't know what I was trying to say just
neva stop raining just um so we're going
to go out there soon and just line the
song yeah we're not going caving
exciting stuff we're sunbathing but or
really we're just lying down for a while
because above us is great but over there
it's math coming towards us alone so
yeah I just wanted to show you cuz it's
pretty nice game your brilliance never
and that made a blessing of
Oh
wakin of all yeah belly buttons I don't
even know if they'll be able to see what
it is you could be leavin z that's so
what I'm the kid in to it you do it
muscle that this it's a little bit there
we're finally turning guys we're wasting
an hour before we go Donna and then we
gonna come back and pack and sleep then
we leave tomorrow yeah we're kind of
excited to go home now I'm not excited
but like we just like it's too hot it
we're not too hot belly we've just got
nothing to do it like you get tired of
doing nothing like at all and we drink
okay wait we're ready severe likewise
yeah but yeah I was supposed to do that
activity if we wait to do it time would
have been okay but we do not want to go
to be here we could have done a walk but
then we don't have proper walking shoes
yeah we're getting a bit on the road
hysterical it's um Island a night
tonight for food we're getting coconuts
coconut chicken coconut chicken and
spinach in lemon and garlic fish yeah
and local what does it start start it's
like potatoes or something yeah like
some kind of potatoes
we had pasta palacios you saw it was
really young it's multi yeah
I'm sorry if these vlogs have been
boring but like you guys probably know
as the still guy okay good you guys
probably know like you know we're coming
to Fiji it's not like it's going to be
super exciting the whole time well you
know not that because it's exciting for
like we're not doing activities all the
time that we can show you like when we
went snorkeling can't even show you like
we can only show you when were
sunbathing and eating well that's pretty
much what he wants us what is this
really DJ and food
