Hayley what day is it today no day blog
day before is it yeah I think it's due
for breakfast muffins bananas and
pineapples is it a fire I don't know can
we just say that these bananas are like
the best Bananas we've ever had in our
life we're getting ready to transfer to
our next Island now it's a livin duty it
just means somebody is always
you
Oh
one
sit
maybe with
we Came Berlin
the waters like that
million
ok he goes
it's on this dang
yes
yo we just got to well we've been here
like an hour what resorted to us coral
view resort we look real pretty right
now which is been sunbathing I swear it
gets hotter because we like have been
going from was that the yasawa islands
like the bottom line like now we're at
like the top one and it's like hot okay
because we link to one in the middle as
well and it's like hotter every single
time and it's like actually like almost
unbearable outside hey um okay I need
not move this okay so we're going to go
for a walk and take the camera and then
we're going to swim it in Sunday's some
more and then we've got dinner later and
I think I've got another one of those
dancing things and then tomorrow we're
going caving which I don't think we
ought to take anything to the case
because we have to swim underneath rocks
to get to the caves oh yeah they're
going to get video yeah
that's about as far as I'd venture got
because it turns out there's like no
beach so we just walked across there and
went first one and now we bet to
sunbathing on Ellen cheers and it's just
really grassy around here but it's
pretty and it's really hot I think we
liked the last Island because it was
more beach but it's still nice we have a
house guest his name is what should call
it pretty pretty low Fredo the geek oh
yeah that they work this is free died
when his best friend I don't even know
what this means neighbors but he's
inside and we're thinking we probably
gonna wake up in the middle of night
with echoes and our here oh my god I
just bears out this oh is it oh my god
it's any of the flash yeah we're going
to dinner and they've got some more
entertainment prayer for us to my
apparently so yeah
we're getting dragged to the beach cuz
apparently just the ones we didn't go on
all these drunk Australians haven hey
one guy won't need him did he don't know
shit be fun this is the one getting
married we're vlogging hey definitely
come down everybody come down to listen
jokingly marrying you got say well if
you could see these like a whole bunch
of seats the nature surat right now
that's my reception shit
it's not butter it's not alive on that
tree please no they wouldn't you out
really soon you boogie yeah because
anything that's alright well just
routine it's the bad guy this win the
way too much alcohol I know I lost
sure
they go fake marriage
tation life
