day three we're going to go your
breakfast amazing with it again there we
go i fixed it breakfast
tanning again this blog today is
probably gonna be real boring because
we're not doing much we make us not me
later but we can't film it exactly so
y'all it's so hot we're going on a hunt
for a little island wait little bitch
correctly there's a private beach
somewhere where there's like no rocks
drinking or what cuz here this late to
reef and stuff so you can't really swim
there easily yeah we got lost before so
we think we're on the right way now we
found a sign trying to find this little
beach Oh mud smells like fire ish kind
of hiking I hope this is the right way
yeah in jandals Jesus that's really
narrow well it must be because it's a
track I'm getting coffee ah there's a
row okay this must be there a way
because everywhere we made it on this
bush
there's water
yay flying on the pulling in we just had
lunch and it was rice risotto and it was
really really gross we're going to eat
later and I think we're going to go
scuba diving later yeah sunbathing and
till the food ctools and it's really
really hot again by the pool again that
little bitch was really really cool but
we had to come back for lunch is over
yeah I'm staying to get more 10 yeah we
came back to lie on the hammocks because
it's nice here playing music on the
iphone I'm going to go eat ostentation
well can I like that so Peter these
blogs are going to get very repetitive
yeah turn we're going snorkeling again
but we can't take your snorkeling with
us because yeah but we're going over
that way to rear their little island
deep it as I think ish
sending your soap it's good
tell them what flavor it is you can be
able Issei here we go he's a foot on my
iPhone it's papa
00 siggy what oh no poor no breakfast
okay want to hear the love who i am ok
make sure that you come on the other
side of this planet hear this okay so
for the last time okay everyone what God
mr. manners gonna rise up I'd like to
thank you so much to me to welcome each
you never want to come
ha
okay okay to the right right Wow okay it
was like Nicki bullshit remember two
times forward to tons badge this is the
first movies like this LOL 1234 okay let
me load that together for timezone ya
know that next move four times again
luck next time four times it so the
first one is like this one too
ok ok
okay Wow to that yeah you can miss your
partner yes you can say from this side
and you can tip it up okay you can use
your name
do this change you ready bring it on hey
witch doctor give us the magic words
Oh
I
I'm sexy and I know it for the zoo
