wear it down to your island right now
it's day wait there's a deterrent stay
three what and we're going to Corriveau
I lanique and it's amazing here this is
down the island still waiting for our
boats because it's a three hour boat
ride but it's slow all right now it's
adding him and it's like boiling hot but
it's so pretty
ok
young
women
when I would
boom
okay so we're at our room and car over
excuse our parents we're a bit hot um
this is like the view from the door this
room just yeah this is the best one yet
it's freaking cool okay let's just work
out down here a little bit so the waters
right there we have a hammock thank you
okay this is the front doorstep we're
sort of plants and things going on and
this is like little room it's so cute
and what's this one called no hope the
result come Corriveau eco something
something got some cheers and then you
walk in we've got this mess of couch and
coffee table it's a bit dark and one
single beard and another single bed and
then we've got a little fridge over here
and and here is another bedroom for some
reason which we probably won't stay in
here unless it's colder than the other
room some look we have a mirror Wow and
then in here is that bathroom toilet and
shower and those really cool bath which
you can be Luci because that's really
really really dull in here a sink and
another more yay e this is going to be
fun we're here for two nights and then
we move on for another two nights and
then we've got one more night and nandi
and then we go home Kelly's in the
hammock
actually can't even believe how amazing
this is we should check out what the
activities I maybe we can go so not
playing a game oh by the way guys I
don't know if I see this because we like
didn't take the camera on a sailing part
that we went snorkeling at the castaway
island yesterday and it was a sure like
the most amazing thing we've ever done
our lives and we saw like fighting eos
or Nemo we found nemo and we saw like a
rainbow fish like you know that fat book
when you read as a kid like the rainbow
fish it is she look just like it and
what else which were a glassfish like
right up on the surface a whole bunch of
tiny little fish to swim straight past
my face the body it was intense but it
was like oh my god if you ever go to
Fiji go to the castaway island and like
scuba dive oh so cool like Kelly looking
forward to lunch I was trying this was
lunch the day three
good it's good
in the pool
yeah so pretty hey michl is this video
it's a crab oh my god they're everywhere
so we were going to lie lie on this
beach somewhere but which has seen it is
like a billion crabs on the speech like
not even just those whom it was like
actual Chris but I like leaning into the
sand do the same color as the scene
that's creepy so we don't want to lie
with him because I mean no one to be put
a mic read full time and like just their
home when we go to like folks and be
like crabs by me they like me forever
we're sunbathing by them
it's actually amazing
and I'm probably like frog read right
now so slow we just aren't geeky was it
yeah the tides out right now and they
have this like footpath that goes into
the sea you can steal like the rocks and
Nick stuff it's pretty intense so we're
walking across it
it's seven o'clock dinner tanya
something oh yeah can a so yes spin on
time now we basically something but my
face is getting browner
it's kind of loud
thank you
run
the Santa I think it's fish do I think
it looks like a fish bullet stick to and
up here there's a mrs. with it
