and in the door opposite there are two
adieu set to the hunt of the cabin one
on either side you know so I'm fine oh
my Deb please now ensure that all
transmitting devices have been switched
to my mind
hey everyone we are currently in the
quarter lounge and we have travelling
chocolate Mounties I'm so excited Hamish
is so pumped so we're going over with
Benefit Cosmetics and it's going to be
like amazing basically it's like one of
those places that was dream of going
there never really got so I'm so so
thankful
it's them food Hamish is off she had
some more I'm gonna get some soup after
this I don't know if I'm able to finish
this but delish there's like a falafel
wrap its image cheese the good onion
amazing think that it's a plane
Singapore Li and the story want the
taste story I think we're on the top
story
yeah maybe we'll see okay big these
planes and a huge I really want to go on
that top story on numerous one day yeah
yeah this is what we're in
I've got my own yeah this sucks I think
make impression so let's just stop your
feet like get lost Lola arrived in the
Moldy was like sixteen time
the water takes out hotels like the
straight-across there's like a three
minute boat ride
day one so we're in my let the moment
Molly Molly I'm not sure how to
pronounce I put it a few different ways
at this stage so I got some toasts and
strawberry jam currently the strawberry
jam but looks like marmalade I'm so
excited we got coffee breakfast is more
of a lunch tray mich was like there's so
many different food options to have like
hot foods they have like Western foods
they've got like Asian style food yeah
Hamish is getting some eggs delivered
and Genesis underway over now I'm so
excited so we go on the airplane in like
an hour and a half and we land on the
water so I've gotten the coffee and
we're at one hour layover to the airport
because we're taking the seaplane like I
said before about the coffee I told them
oh it's very sugary so we need specify
next time yeah no yeah so look at
that what are though like this is just
in the mainland we're not even on the
little islands even though this is a
little island you know what I mean so
off to a little island than this and the
sea is like turquoise blue it's so
beautiful
we're just getting on the same plane we
were there we weren't that's a different
place so this is our plane here
we're literally I mean tiny plane but
you're right at the front
oh my gosh so it's one of those planes
there Langille Mordor
this is sort out of it this is a first
for me
it was fine it's smooth and they don't a
runway ever goes black June for us this
is what we spotted over here it is like
onto the golf cart now okay so I'd like
you to go to places like this it's hard
I say this is quite cold getting taken
on a tour I'm gonna be like just like
what guys I am at DEA D okay I'm just
gonna go straight to the outdoor area
first of all stopped up yes it's
incredible
oh my god I can literally do my makeup
in natural lighting because this is
Alice it's a friggin bath Alice in a
hammock and apparently sometimes is
manta rays down here I'm looking even
sorry this whole look is just gonna be
me freaking out because I just can't
believe it this is like the coolest
place I've ever been in my life
hello TV room like a lounge area it goes
I'll show you that in a second it's
giant mer which should be amazing if I
like my outfit photos I'm just wearing
this place that I got off pegye marry at
the moment so it's like really slouchy
and comfy from the plane so room
so the bit is gigantic yeah corn look at
this gifts from the resort and stuff
from benefit whoo a treatment oh my god
oh my god don't even have to pack
anything almost look how cool is this
and then we've got champagne
moet we've got glasses Burt mystic Enid
and Miss mrs. mrs. Harris um the entire
county hurricane and myself a place to
be a host
wish you a truly member will stay with
us I worked my god okay and the best
part Hamish is just like chillin out
there he's just like in awe
these cute couches apparently the Sun
rises at like 6:00 something from this
direction and you can see dolphins like
jumping out the water in the lake in the
distance can swim down here with the
fish manta rays if there are any this is
like cooler than anything we deserve to
be honest this is an incredible like
once-in-a-lifetime just absolutely
amazing I'm just so thankful I can't go
over it
I should bring you along with me on some
of these vlogs we've got the GoPro we're
doing a snorkeling and dolphin trip
we're doing jet skiing so yeah I'll
bring you along on the GoPro and I'll
vlog some stuff I think we've got a
cocktail party later so bring him along
and yeah I'm gonna go like relax for a
bit now and just take it all in what is
this life at this day oh my God look at
all the mojitos
Hamish there's like so many Mohito thank
you it was good
oh thank you oh you're gonna love that
so what might in my camera no you look
great it's working out cause it's humid
it should unfold in a moment but here's
my makeup I'm wearing carpe diem on top
of Kelly lipliner XO beauty and XO
beauty the Kelly lip liner is coming
soon I love disco light and I'm wearing
roller lash not gimme brow what's a cold
car brow I'm wearing at the huda beauty
foundation except you t lo sent the
Charlotte Tilbury bronzer but I mean
that's oh and the shinnok's purple nile
is but it's just brown that's pretty
much it and then this is from Bambi
boutique this outfit my clutch and my
sandals are both white fox boutique
we're off to you're a cocktail party
hamish something cute everyone's gonna
be in your shoes and stuff now you'll be
fine
I'm trying to vlog but my camera's just
running oh no I wanted to though and
it's just sprints don't read what you
can't see but the bars over there to
grab a Corona
I just gotta hold his hand a little bit
and Gianna just enjoy that here we are
okay it always looks so much later on
camera straight banger playing right
Shannon said her hair's turned into a
sausage it looks like what nuts it's
just the new strange oh yeah
I'm just like a ponytail this button
situation you're working we're just
gonna go see some Aziz New Zealanders
okay it is Britain these other New
Zealanders petite Shannon are you hungry
fifty/fifty look around look at this
place
janessa it's so sick we just met
Rhys and Lauren they're really nice and
Chloe and super here they're really cool
and some other people from the UK I
can't remember their names we're
currently waiting for the sunrise
it's like 5:45 I think in the morning um
last night was sort of fun Chuck told my
dress I was wearing last night quickly
but yeah last night was amazing everyone
was so cool I've got to catch up with
heaps of people the
dr. Sam Beauty crash with airway Tricia
with Chloe Lauren Michael shiny like
heaps and heaps of people it was so much
fun so we're it's a lot of different
islands then because I think the UK and
Australia booked her first so they're on
like one island and then New Zealand and
Asia on another island which is this one
but we'll see them Thursday for the
launch event and then I think there's
like one other thing that we might see
them for so today is a very chill day
we've got a sunset cruise later and we
have what else we have
nothing I think we're just going to get
a small plane we work and I do a trip to
swim with the dolphins and go snorkeling
today but I can't me boy have been we're
doing that tomorrow really early and
instead I'm so excited like cannot
contain myself I'm so excited
and the last night we saw him enter a
and I lost my Shannon go with us
we're trying to figure out what that is
I think it's a lot yeah is it that smell
and iconic I don't know where that one
smellin a what's that that moment as
well it might be four piles and how
would you get them in pigs Benny snitch
I want to go about eating a light sheet
is this alight you and mustard that
looks like it looks like a POS lip-balm
Drive sled bite it and just like put the
whole thing in a full of that like would
you take
we've got a pet
it's good I just tastes like a grape to
be honest it's good my gosh oh just
square them all so we are out by the
pool this is where we had lunch
yesterday and we're waiting for 5:30 if
I sound tired it's because I'm really
really tired we're waiting for 5:30 and
then we're going on a sunset cruise for
some drinks and some lunch on a desert
island
I mean dunno undeserved Ellen we're
pizza pasta bread and all this delicious
hobby stuff for lunch we went snorkeling
around our room this morning I saw a
stingray it was amazing it was like huge
it was like I think larger than average
we saw an average stingray like
according to a poster they hit here it's
like a hundred meters and this home was
like a metre and a half I swear it never
hits the other fish on top of it and it
was so cool and then how much for like
blue we tried to swim after it at a
distance but it was so fast
we still think all fish and stuff but
we've got a proper like tour tomorrow
it's not close I'm going to take the
GoPro and then basically we just had
lunch and then stayed at and this pull
right here like all day long and then we
just went back to the room before check
on makeup now we're here I'm so tired
so I'm a takes it out of you like you
don't really realize how much did you
use the living swimming like full day we
also went out all the way across there
to those inflatables and oh my god that
was a workout like climbing on top of
that thing it was so hard
like I don't know how people get out of
there yeah it was like it's like such a
struggle but it was really fun we went
down this slide there's a slide there
you have to climb up it's like rock
climbing almost like it's quite a
mission to get up there but then we slid
down and I like know like I got it's no
you just kind of like body slam yeah
beans in my throat oh yeah I light went
down like on my stomach backwards and I
got so much salt water into my like
stirrer I was like gagging it was so bad
I mean it's just like weights trophy and
then janista tried to jump on their blog
that you just had besides dolphin to the
water is hilarious actually like it
doesn't look like that far from the
shore but it's a decent swim to like to
get out there so by the time you get
there it's like uber uber uber deep you
can't just like relax you've got to like
you know stay afloat and then pull
yourself up on this thing so you've got
no time to rest and it's just a lot of
work
it looks pathetic from here though
Lily's be honest about it's like the
same distances like that building out
there across this this is real nice day
it's so warm
yeah it's incredible I'm just loving
this like I'm so relaxed and tired right
now I could go to be attain sleep till
tomorrow but we want to do this tour so
it'll be fun
and I think we'll probably get make like
19 anyway and like not too late so
before I can sleep and this is a patient
fruit Mohito in his life it's so sour
and delicious like I love it yeah
getting another drink would you get yeah
good choice yeah the light she ones
really young to having dinner now after
the cruise look at all the lotv the
glowy
I think we're like the first ones here
almost are they meringue it looks so we
have Fatima now after our careers I
think I said that befallen me near like
a vegetable is possible selfie my
favorite ravioli herbs and vegetables
coach your mum would love that Hamish is
mom loves likes hello gorgeous I love
this song handbag Oh bag oh my god okay
it's like a clutch oh my god that's so
cool
