simple we're going to camera today well
we are literally doing as tripling it's
going to take us all day with you the
village the relish it makes the broccoli
enjoy hot yeah
look actuate this pump election you're
kiddin to die we just had to run through
it three so let's dig on here yes
onboarding at 2:30 it's like 25 to is
get your customers everything but the
fine
that's always happens to me always rush
no reason and we just pick it out with
this with class now we roast our we get
the nice comfy seat these are my
favorite shoes I don't call the name all
makes me kid
ensure you see Becca's are fine are
means lower window shades are about to
explain the safety procedures for the P
craft he found to make his personal
archive devices but they remove now so
this is made dinner truffle and Parmesan
toasty olives and chips
Hamish isn't eating because he got food
on the flight throws one hungry back
dancer Amy now and it's like what time
nine forty eight and then yeah we're
going to watch bad mum and sleep so I'll
see you guys tomorrow they need a dog
morning guys I've taken over shins blog
just for this morning because she's
getting ready I'd be all day all day all
right whatever
you have to deal with me all day
unfortunately and so we got this morning
and we are in this really good hotel did
you show them at yesterday it's called
hotel Hotel Canberra and it is super
nice imagine we'll show you downstairs
so but it's quite like hipsterish so
it's very it's very flash if you ask me
have a look at the inside they seem
everything looks blowing out over there
they theme everything really nice so
this is kind of it doesn't look as nice
when I show you guys you have to be here
in person I reckon is this going to
focus or is it just not happening today
autofocus is not doing well anyway will
show later when got that long so this
morning I ordered poached eggs but got
the wrong thing so they send us up
another one which was really nice with
him it was our bad wasn't their bad this
is the view and you've picked up your
outfits and you're pretty much ready oh
yes sure do love agency yeah there's
Peter is focusing that so Shannon got
you've got to turn it on and off and
also switch to the ratchet okay so
Shannon got poached eggs and we've got
some what was it smashed avocado theater
I have it in courage just take it off so
this is the view yes it's focusing now
it's good so it's a nice day it's really
freezing here before there was an
Italian Greyhound that was walking down
the action and lost
Jack long any dog she loses it
so Shannon is doing a makeup then going
downstairs get her hair done
picked your outfit which one did you cut
me right there which one did you pick me
yeah
was it the read one meeting I asked you
should say something not I know I know
this one the red one I think she's
wearing that and it's from David John as
David Jones yeah yeah so it was nice to
him to give two outfits this hat me is
it it's like that that's fine it'll be
all good lighting so we've just came
into the salon Chen's getting your hair
done what are you going for today hey
waves
sounds good this is where we are they're
just getting sorted there it's like in
the hotel so you come from the eating
area and then it just the salon that's
right downstairs so it's pretty cool
it's one of them this is how crazy it is
a New Zeeland at the moment knowing
there's a normally snow
what place it's teeny bit pulled out it
yeah grace is doing Shannon's here has a
guy this is good and what products you
guys using today anyway you think the
champ to assemble
just the heat protectant another finish
after setting with you
witch hazel spray it's a light holding
sea salt kind of spray so this is what
you got done so now just curls and
you'll step with this oh here's my
makeup new it could be a lip color which
I'm can formulate a moment where the
upper ages or guys but just with it
lashes are the soulmate by EXO Beauty
the eyes cantilever highlighter is
loosen executed
I've put on a couple is looking nice and
intense and then my contour is the
tardis pro glow my foundation is the Too
Faced Born This Way oh my gosh run out
of breath my concealer is not the little
why am i shaking
am i nervous probably the little pop
concealers browser benefit to mascara is
tart
what does it called my favorite one like
camel ashes I just got my hair done
damages like you saw the stress and
trauma David Jones mink pink my shoes
are just Ruby shoe there's paranormal
I'm not wearing any accessories and kind
of letting you know the outfit do its
own thing and I was do not match but I
loved him my Nana picks this like what
color should I do and she's like hmm
took like in a minute and she's like
green like okay Nana just for you this
is just the sitting area down the lobby
it's not like a fire
so nice hey I'm never sure where I want
you this quiet moment
plays violin hot now it was freezing
outside and the driver was like refusing
like people're with a lady hand like
helping to manage everything and she's
like can yourself like in this body's
like you're threatened
are you sure I need back pressure I did
that's what a real and yeah like
anything a minute into that being like a
friend 15-minute walk so nice yourself
over and my heel over now hot yeah but I
have the place looks nice and I put this
on for us but we had double breakfast as
you guys know so fully did well yes I've
come for you're looking pretty you ready
for everyone yep we've hit this quite a
lot of people down there so should be
exciting on how far away is the place is
that close to you and I created my
pocket
that's why birthday a lot of people
oh right boy is one main common human
uses a minimal chance
well integration or like telekinesis by
the way I'm freaking out right now
I like to take my ear disliked rules
there but barely from the brothel table
is like a massive massive studio
foolishly bassinet runs lined up and
release of it thanks everyone for coming
so I just made some of Shannon's
followers how you guys doing
hopefully she lives up to the
expectations I might I'm all day
soldier thanks so much for coming along
and saying hi to work really appreciate
this gentleman is peering out the full
coach them to meltdown but I think of
something really not I don't know I
don't know if just meet these bills this
Santa fan oh you guys night yeah yeah I
wanted you guys been dancing so nice
thank you for coming I look for the good
meeting us yeah you know it's good
something will lightly that's good right
there
I always ask people if they want to be
the employed not yes or not hey girls
how's it look like when you Sharon yeah
good thanks for coming along
no I know yes this is your dream you
dream coming through there in the block
so where did you guys drive from oh my
god that is awesome and finish out in
your color
know what that one's right and you're
busy
lucky right way told me automation
shippers you guys alright everyone's
giving me shit about that someone
putting me out telling me to Mary
Shannon what tonight Susie and you see
the Shannon's like you're very mum and
dad for the curable or a bus it's all
good it's a little bit we side as my men
especially just like tonight like I
would night nonetheless yeah yeah oh my
god
oh yeah yeah she was worried about that
because joys and even those had a family
here so did you like well it's really
nice to meet you guys to get back
hey girls how's it going Oh suggest I'm
meeting Jenna yes oh that's good some
people don't like me though so nice is
that cool you guys are good he was our
dad so as you guys thank you so much
how'd it go
okay hey guys how are we all going so
good are you guys looking forward to
meet Jenna yeah the line is quite big
hey hey hey how's it going - hey looking
for three Shannon - only the ones messy
other
we play hard Shannon has it the line
just keeps going it's really great
little Heather hi I would go with laid
down by
long for them shouldn't still out there
I think we're going to be here for
longer than just a nap so many people
this is always Volkl Pyra
not flying it 540 last night I bought
any Rosberg from Canberra yes yes have
you been following Shannon for quite a
while yeah you're good
and what'd you get I'm a top not not so
there goes the bank yeah
so we're coming to be in that and I send
that the end of the line coming into
Senate looking like the final three more
people go sir
okay if you help us it up so thank you
so much and security guys were really
good
how'd it all go not so good what do you
like it so sorry allergic you actually
be sitting here have told me that that
was that and I've asked people even I
can really give super sorry so so many
people like I say to make sure half hour
already and it was you guys made it
coming me as VidCon so we just got home
I'm exhausted so I'm going to net but I
will not do it I've got to go like
sightsee but look how cute this is from
Emily and Claire and then this bag as
well in a letter from Laura and another
letter here look how cute so cute I love
you guys makeup me kiss chocolate I'm
going with mace balloons are going to
lose it we were just saying I were like
we need to get them in Australia toy
yeah when they need good day Australia
star bear thank you guys seriously that
made it was so much fun
at one point I full-on started crying
you guys at your knife I can't do this
elections will come a horse beginning I
was like oh yeah thank you guys so much
and the amount of you guys that were
just like you know thank you for coming
and oh stuff you know how at home and
bottled wine I was just like what did I
do to deserve this
you guys are the best but so hear
something Davis's package they wear it
down a list just place too stupid to
figure out in term up sorry oh goody I
haven't actually tried this brand before
the packaging is really cute was a body
soft hand lotion and body polish glow
boy bar and a massage candle cranky
can't watch six hours to pick and
there's the stuff from the daily is it
which I'm to be honest don't know what
this is but it's a lot for my gosh this
is actually I freaking hear it with a
purse so cute
full makeup bag I have honestly no idea
what this is actually for like jewelry
makeup I don't know but it's freaking
here and I will use it so cute color
this one thank you guys so much
report for here something like what it's
got like specia cards and things that
she's so cute in Hindi legit we're in a
hotel and below a hotel Shannon's
favorite flavor trainers must mean to be
is that the cookie shop could be to any
person will be full on a full on Dean
Dickman good and this one you got
I always get the cheesecake here the
best for the side behind a shed and I'll
probably have a chocolate we will walk
into the mall and look what we found we
came back
I didn't always over out the mall that's
pretty cold
so Shannon I just turn up to reply when
I show you the carcass and we're just
getting a drink here and then probably
going to move on so I go to Sandy and
you've got a passion for does it the
stronger it go one of Shannon's
followers so let's come to the dumpling
house so I'm pretty sure that's where we
are are we've got ten pawns with XO
sauce
I want something vegetarian I think what
if so what is it so we just got our ham
fried vegetable noodle and garlic prawns
for me IM Shango I hear dumplings are
still coming kind of sharing that so how
was your day okay good are you ready to
go home and what would you rate the
hotel we're at at that's really cool you
guys either in Canberra and you it's not
very safe and you want a nice hotel stay
try hotel Hotel Canberra I think it is
that's definitely a flash or one no I
probably outside pro-wrestler show on
the very hipster the rooms nice
decorated nice anyway we're off to
Sydney to our so I think Jen will be
vlogging your vlog in tomorrow yeah so
so you won't have to see me anymore
which probably good has all the i/o
pretty late my legs are cold through my
jeans yeah but it's nice meeting
everyone did you have a good time at the
event yeah met so many people are you
haven't seen the footage I got yeah as
people I got hip spotted so hopefully
Shannon puts most of it in for the meter
are you going to do a dedicated meetup
video or not it it was here look this is
just way over done gene black flat 7
white ink render city why sounds like
I'm going to matching yeah no
