hey guys it's day two opt and we are
currently we just sprayed lots of bug
the pilot yuri without a string but
we're currently leaving a little bit of
breakfast more Challe thing is it am i
enough room yep to go to the first use
our island which I don't even remember
what it's called do you I know we're
staying at coral view see ya so we're
going downstairs and we're going to take
a random taxi from probably ages and
we're going to go to the marina and then
we're going to boat but will flog so
yeah
we just came to the port and our last or
the trip thing we've listed on the last
days and cancelled so they swapped up to
the first day so we're going sailing and
snorkeling today so we're waiting for an
hour until nine o'clock so that your
attention please we're on the boat
I didn't create that
over a cure so
sorry about the elbows response of each
bulb are all I got my lips and Abigail
bundle of a sunscreen funny poster done
with a little dance at your problem
getting about you
reply stop unit over there over there is
the castaway island we're castaways
phone cause of the club with Tom Hanks
got stuck on an island put a slow pretty
like a perfect day
champagne on a boat
how's the champagne
alright champagne the champagne
we're to market let's take this
opportunity to thank each and every one
where cooperation throughout today and
we hope that you will enjoy your day
with us did you simply don't forget to
tell your friends back at home your
brother's your sisters your mother you
get lost but the wonderful time in
spencer's closes in especially your tip
here at the sea spray
oh dear
Oh
Oh
just for this dinner right now okay so
that's our room there is that it they
won't just it yes and there's the water
and my vlogging cameras going to go dude
so if I can't like keep using this
camera I'm going to use my video camera
I mean my digital camera into video on
and hopefully it all works out but we're
bounty island right now and it's amazing
Kelly's back is a bit sunburned but yeah
it's so pretty this hammock some stuff
in and the water is like perfect mother
OTT in the sand like white golden
amazingness and I bought an anklet from
a villager where's your they're so cute
Fiji
just got cocktails is it good it's
called love on the beach it's like ice
cream in baileys and lots of alcohol
this is dinner for chicken and veggies
by the way we have to sleep under those
I feel like a princess but not so rich
