I don't know what this is oh it's all
the tech stuff that's more of these
which I've got a billion of these now
and then these shall be my shoes what
and then in here should be at handed you
like it'd be awesome i love it so pretty
it's just like those ones we were
looking at to kind of like the chain one
who i like it's good sizes too yep
careful sure this is too hard to do well
for me it's let's go I can meet them
today they look cute with my outfit
you're like the mom oh hey calm and you
get black pepper well very cute oh they
smell a new shoes love hate that song
and then cool yeah this is the aftermath
I'm talking to my camera trying to clean
up but I ething of the oh my god look
I'm not gonna be able to put them on
because they're really really soft and
they've been an ok I can't do it but you
get the idea fancy this bag is so cute
what's this one to nothing we go this is
a fresh ham pineapple yell pineapple and
cheese toastie sandwich made by mother
with love ya again Missy she is rubbish
all over my clean d luck yummy whatever
what did you hear onion I had the same
as you I love some onion chips farmer oh
oh oh what's in here what's in here mom
wasn't oh no they saw that yesterday
head out turn off let's have dinner
hunting for the perfect last-minute
gifts weeks till Christmas you'll feel
right but was 1200 job sharing your toes
to my other doctor 60p air you breathe
is people miracle blasting we're in seas
and will feel crystals half price of
amazingly resilient and make it the
airport john christow contingent couple
now else is why he position that's
amazing you getting me out
here it is take back hello are you doing
me a fair yeah yeah this care is not
helping I just said that this bow and he
well we can't find it and does it and
it's got boobies he's doing it again and
Yun does it you're an idiot care I'm
glad we don't have a Christmas tree can
you imagine it he's looking at me like
what did you do there for
create that fam not me I'm not gonna be
able to film and I'm really do I start
but did I get ah this thing but yeah you
know Richie's going to love this just a
lesser focus it's a slicer this is my
Santa tick thank you who's this one from
ma'am whoo Sanders opening centers once
another reason for done Ricky hello man
this is the view from Neil's house the
mountain strategy and the years mount
tom a year old nor now Holly
its water not me what are you making I'm
doing top mug cake with berries and gene
what primos bear is a terrible they look
a bit much you don't know yeah oh well
it'll still taste the same this is mom's
pretty top box show you the back cuz
she's busy got pretty pattern and we're
making me wait what's the swirl pillow
over her glory waiting for this I mean
we've got the Marines in there and they
taste amazing because memory equi taxes
of course the sample your own cooking
wasn't somebody otherwise look at pretty
mom's cake is I'm apic me and Neil read
the iphone hard it's gonna sit okay just
sticking so good to the house should let
it fall down the sides yeah well bugger
stop sorry i don't know i think this is
a big layer of ice thing that just flop
down the side it looks like a mouse you
could put two eyes they're in there all
right round my side to go Mummy's cave
lava how many of you guys actually know
what a pebble over is people that aren't
from New Zealand and Australia how many
of you know what a pebble over is no
these Blood Moon Moon Pies will they
live in and passion fruit huh that's
good I'll put you on YouTube Neil yummy
look how much stuff you've been cooking
unsustainable young near one this last
night in the big machine at the pub
strokers on me and my platinum I from
China normal i get there so freaky one
little bit of hair we need to sit on I
should hate it up my new pashto Opry no
I'm telling your mother to hold the kind
oh look at me like what's the spray
verdi tasted Richard
Clara
I'm pretty
I like the sky in the wheel
here I'll get a fire of you cats on
video by the way otherwise this little
man you just isn't in lovelies tiny he's
the little princess for shearing looking
my serie into princess hi honey she
don't like mcdonald the mcdonald was a
little buzzed in a manner on she was a
sweet nice brightness this one here is i
hungry and he is so like Monroe in
nature it's ridiculous it's just
ridiculous little one calls on your
plane go like this balloon ah diva diva
he's like man was dead leave me alone
looks like we're going hiking or
something my god huh why do we go this
way
I'm gonna fall over Bob I am vlogging
this I didn't quite rid of whether it's
kind of shoes okay let me see that go on
I'm not going in the water with my phone
look how pretty it looks doesn't say 4s
oh no you never use it now oh well
doesn't have the iphone 4s on it they
assured me it would work there's a
twenty-dollar of installations the New
Zealand Christmas tree why even is it
just doesn't stick whatever the blooms
and Christmases attire that Christmas
diamonds are native if clutter poetical
a tree and it's native to New Zealand
door close up but it's almost did now
the ones that dads are way bigger than
this they're like oh hello be so whoa
chill out but they're very pretty
say hello did you enjoy what you got for
Christmas we're gonna go shopping
tomorrow stop we're logging I'm not
looking at you good chicken huge son
what else is there ham hello where
before we do we go yeah otherwise it'd
be very high so it and as well it's
so good
