hey guys um I haven't blogged in a few
days because my computer has been really
stupid all my internet actually it
wouldn't upload onto my blog channel
like that bitch printhead took forever
to upload my heroes nutty um but yeah it
took me like two days to upload and it
would be like oh you've got 900 minutes
remaining and I was like okay so
hopefully this vlog uploads okay it's
really bright there okay um today I'm
going to the movies with my mum my Nina
micro indeed um so yeah no it should be
right and I don't know what else we're
doing today but I'm sure I'll hang out
in my mom a bit because I don't see it
all the time this is my outfit of the
day I'm wearing like high-waisted shorts
I don't know where they from but they're
just black all the way around and then
I'm wearing a black bandeau and this top
from I think it's from cotton on by John
off it still in stock because I got off
trade me it's got polka dots on it and
my heroes cold and Missy and big and I
need to do something with it it's all
frizzy and i just did a I can't see
myself okay i just did a um face of the
day video i'm with my makeup done my
makeup whoa so yeah
your Nana show me a mom just got my
potatoes show them your thumb cochina
cochina white chocolate and dark
chocolate and now we're going to go eat
lunch how did you like my dog its ranks
really enjoyed it said but cool yes but
that's right is it ready to go yes it's
workout thing yeah oh go away you strip
of Wi-Fi Shannon is feeding the ducks
out of her hand wow it got me I know
that sound a little bit low so go easy
it's going to bite her head back start
here taste away come here that's why
it's not going there be another of it
world bow here that one's real fair a
bit too he will look at them went quick
oh man Master duck feeder these coffee
cups are quite cute aren't they mama
we've got pictures on them this is my
what are you actually called us I just
caught in any pudding cups just excuse
me singing cuz Nana and ani yeah but my
Nana makes this to me every Christmas
and it's the most delicious pudding and
me and mum can eat sunshine this is my
favorite doc cuz he does a cute old doc
look at him hey oh I can't dance that's
me oh wait that one beat it up now you
can hit that now oh I didn't even kiddo
Betty look at that red hijos I can just
like rugby bum look at me sucks stairs
this is my favorite no it's my favorite
orange feet Ellen's a big one don't be
mean parmiter on the tea bags gonna go
for the ride around to bother judy judy
come down and sees a question oh that
one's pretty to be people who is budding
a bitch I know I said it sure did big
one when a great for powering up no
solid its mum mums trying out the BB
cream don't worry I didn't show you my
nostrils are really read cuz i met movie
me and mum were crying like babies yeah
well everyone was I think yeah we're all
crying like babies but it was a really
good movie it was very sad but it was
funny and it had the guy from underbelly
razor in it and he's really cool it was
the one that method he was till he
divined slave
you could be the thing like me yeah so
I've got four I need two more buns you
know they really cute things over there
they little hot summers that you stick
cool okay open them and if you get this
from inner sauna mean you are spread
their to like this no not really it's
not the sort of shock in the food but I
knew that yeah it's okay neither that
I'm putting one of the booths back and
I'm just giving a threesome you know the
123 45 quick the mobile phone yes
blackest I don't know what do you want
all right
we should just have a little black wall
yeah what you can put them on the back
wall Oh what have you found papi give
them a shot at I remember stick it's not
just tow for you all I don't know what
they look good on my flowers they are
typically the smoothies
sounds borderline the best moving money
can buy
I think
it's almost two o'clock remember when we
were going to the warehouse because the
TVs are very true but really why are we
going for the wedding what do we need
I'm not to script but to put pictures on
corroding
