oh we're gonna do the B strain tag
because with friends no hey guys today
we're doing the best friend tag because
Kelly's seat you want to you may be my
girlfriend
this retake and she's like okay okay so
apparently we've just got to answer
questions about each other
um okay the first one we can ask this
together first question how and when did
you meet okay so we went to the same
high school and we earned beautiful
what'd you say you know I yeah you know
and we were in the same class like - two
years three yes but we didn't really
talk to each other yeah we were in the
same class for three forms yeah and then
we hit some of the same classes for last
few years but we were like when do we
start be friends like before yeah we
started being friends informally and
spits in cement form we were like real
close yeah okay what's your favorite
memory to be the funniest ones the first
fun we broke down in my car when I piss
on my car it was a joke and I thought
that you need to drive around with the
choked out by they flooded the motor if
any of you know what cars do so we were
like like by this really busy
intersection I suppose it is and there
was probably like 30 counts behind us
and my car broke down when we were
trying to turn the corner and it's like
up a hill and we would like to have the
hoop and we would like just stuff it and
then we go out and we try to push it but
we we couldn't because we were too weak
and then no one would help us for ages
yet I liked your dad all I was like
listen these people who and did this guy
gets out of his car pushes it's off the
hill you can tell those
guess up the hill and we were like going
around the corner and then there was
this pot cat on the other side and he
puts just so fast that she didn't hate
to jump through the window shaven legs
dangling out the window Charlie Reds
ahead Fred I don't like quality hey
break it my college like that probably
ready another cut I just get my dates
come and help me and then he's like
you've got your truck out and I was like
hey you pushed it in and started it I
was like oh the scribe each other in one
word
you go first Kelly is gullible
well it's your dream job I think it's
the same my drink over you'll because
the site each other we've got like the
same dream okay Sheena streams all the
speed we've designer Ellie's dreams to
you um what's your favorite makeup range
you'll make up bread my favorite and I
want so you like it mitt maybe I've got
like I have no idea yeah can I go
Maybelline I don't know what is
something that annoys you about the
other person
you go first okay winch in this takes a
she's so hopeless and I'll be it will be
in the middle of a conversation
and she gave her teeth and she looks at
it fine and I'm just told kidding she's
like well she completely ignores me I'm
gonna chill think about this I'm just
too nice hmm I can't think of anything
really
I don't know if we're you if you could
go anywhere in the world together win
we're and what where would it be and why
um we would go to America we were just
looking oh yeah we would go to America
and we would fill up six suitcases with
makeup because it's dirt cheap over
there
yeah favorite inside joke who takes
longer to get ready in the morning
obviously Kelly doesn't wear a full face
of makeup all the time
she just wish foundation of mascara
mm-hm
pretty much um eyeliner I got her on
today I'm a when was there in like six
full month late Kelly stopped wearing
eyeliner and I got really angry you know
I was like yeah just stop worrying
I'll add even so she did and they just
started doing it's like it I was like
favorite season okay do I pick for you
I'm using yours is summer yeah what's
mine summer yeah favorite song hmm
they did not like it not late I can damn
well be your one I just told you today
did you
oh you the one by Jana okay what is it
like being best friends with someone
who's a deceased with YouTube okay well
to me she's just Shannon do I sing the
same in my videos to what I do like
normal yeah
I find it interesting
no heaps of my friends watch my video
hey look it's my knee how was it awesome
hey um heels or flex for you well more
often you like flats and you wish you
could wear heels yes
she doesn't wear heels because she's
already really tall I'm likes sex fun
and she's not embarrassed to wear heels
like she's not one of those people that
just think she caught me who's the only
reason she can't with him it's because
I'm a midget and then I'll go along like
that stolen she's like way up there way
way up there I probably wait flights
more often but I love heels
Hansol dresses for you dresses or skirts
vo nationally same for you you plan or
shorts yeah us New Zealanders like to
show a legs your favorite interval is
hey don't can ride a skateboard yeah
yeah what about me
everything I'm an animal lover if your
house was burning down in your entire
family was sure to be okay what would
you save and why what would you say I'd
save my computer sounds really like a
stupid thing
very smart and it's Meg I would save my
computer and my video camera and my
phone in my definitely your iPhone yes
yeah my um Canon camera I'd say oh yeah
yeah your psycho camera yeah like all
the expensive stuff like my makeup I
wouldn't even care I would save my
electronics first like yeah comedy
horror or check look
I reckon for you it would be comedy yep
what about for me I know you like
comedies but you'll say like horns to me
I used to like a very subtly saw yeah
but I haven't watched that since like
that last time we hit a sore area for
because then I got sick of horror movies
over to your boy Johnson's Blackberry or
iPhone
obviously I suppose so we even had
blackberries in New Zealand I think so
those similar ones favorite movie what's
mine I don't know her favorite movie is
Twilight no we watched at school and my
sex mommy watch 90 minutes a twilight
yeah we were like no no no offense to
you guys I'm sure maybe the books a good
but that first movie was terrible
especially once you study like movie and
film studies like it was terrible what
is something we'd 88
I don't even know do anything weird wait
sushi too much give a notice by my
day-in-the-life blogs like sushi
hey today we can meet sushi oh hey today
we are today we actually did his
sous-chef in tank um weird
you ate tuna sometimes no I didn't turn
there's a lot bit better peas lots of
salsa little is it fell I don't know
maybe we both ate the exact same thing
basically like whenever we had lunch we
get like the same thing every time
do you guys have anything matching yeah
yeah a lot of clothes
yep clothes how computers match pretty
much matching cameras yeah jewelry a
jewelry matches a lot at the time we've
got some of the century
we've got like matching style matching
matching matching for matching nails all
the time we have what else we have
matching interests yeah we've I've do
the same of course we both like the same
goodness no this will seem like we like
equal in our course like we both get
like the same marks all the time and we
swear to God we do not like copy or
anything like that's just a bicycle I'll
teach you something that we've like
swapped our TV and stuff but we don't
they just end up like the same yeah we
like the same brain it's really bizarre
like we've obviously been hanging out
the way - then what's your favorite TV
show
I know it's cuz I Shortland Street but
it's not really not a favor
oh she watches lots of like Jersey Shore
and E and yeah it's not my favorite it's
just entertainment
yeah what's your favorite I didn't even
know how traitors fortune
oh yeah that's right I wish it would
come back I miss it so much I really
like to underbelly razor
- - yeah it's a very quick twelve
minutes okay
what are some other questions they have
different ones no it's a yeah I'm sure
you'll see Kelly a billion more times
and all my vlogs we just did a tutorial
yeah
we did a tutorial on who makeup not mine
can they even see how brahmana's know
what it is look like a my undies
