thank God I just woke up and the coolest
thing had been shaking my emails and I
commented I want to surely I don't
really know how to stay here I'm name
but surely you know she is from the UK I
come in to know one of her videos and
she opened a bit like oh my god I had no
idea you watch my videos I love yours
and I'm feeling so late star struck
right now hey you know she is why don't
went was oh that would happen here she
is oh my god I feel so stop strike and
then that creates melt when I see this
Oh someone just told meted on my um my
mom and my boyfriend tag that hideous Oh
gross Oh video man Richard kind of try
and film a new boy free tech this
weekend like with slightly different
questions but they were like I don't
think he's ever seen her without makeup
on I'm like what my boyfriend sees me
without makeup everyday well not every
day but every time he sees me pretty
much like I'm so tired I did see my
mommy later she's coming over she's been
up and Hamilton or something what drop
does when you're ready for breakfast
bugs me baby feel cured
I just can't
hey ray okay mr. Lee today's lunch
veggie pasta with um tomato and Mexican
seasoning and pepper and shower cream
because I love sour cream as you can
tell by the massive chunk I don't know
if I should be saying anything and
excuse my face but I'm going to say
something anyways 2020 just contacted me
like properly not just the YouTube PA
person and they want to fill me but when
they feel me they want to fill me
putting on make it like they want to
fill me filming a video oh my god I'm so
nervous I want to do it but I'm so
nervous um and I've got to sort out
everything cuz I don't think my dad
wants anyone to film in here and I need
to put on some makeup I said glitter all
over my face from yesterday oh I just
filmed I mean ashes hope I just cleaned
my room so hardcore like not my a true
but like my windows my window sills and
just cleaned up all the dust and stuff
that was laying around you know is the
rose and I'm so freaking tired and now
we are going mom's coming to pick me up
and we're going to go see my granddad
he's in hospital again apparently he's
getting bit early so yeah let's hope
that's the case where I eating garlic
pizza and getting dead McDonald's
because he doesn't like anything else
because it does but look at trip driving
a Jeep the one behind us
Lee up some carbonara pasta which is
extremely 50 that money expression art
but it's going to taste good it's like
my favorite food different I passed the
before Shannon lines overlaid Bobby come
here gone this is pretty much the
end of my blog because don't do anything
else today when I visited my granddad he
was at a hospital in the end which is
good and he's feeling better which is
double good and I feel so sick from demo
that pastor was so filling d far are you
doing what are you doing you're in a
teaching seeker we're hearing not big
hop what are you doing give me a skinny
boogie skinny boogie we got funny he
looks porky hey so yeah I'm gonna
exercise what I feel this sick because
this is not a good feeling I'm an
engineering was filling in ages here he
comes diva diva what do you do today was
definitely not makeup day it is so
freaking hot he's so funny he was
looking at me before like where the hell
have you put my seat because you know
how usually sits on there like what does
it draw set now he's just like whoa and
now he wants to go outside what can you
see excuse the backyard we've got hits a
weed killer down there because we're
going to redo the long which is why it
is I did stuff everywhere hey you know
porky you gonna go out all right bye
guys
