happens every single time every single
time the male got a lil the post go the
career guy comes I am either in my
underwear and beard just got out of the
shower or working out every single time
not kidding I've never been dressed
properly it's really embarrassing
running out here in my towel I can't
mean what it's cool but it's like a
Korean brand that's obscene me some
stuff they just asked if I wanted to try
something I like sure hey what's in here
car door even in a second when I'm not
filming looks like a nail polish I'm sy
halle an array to review for these
people oh my god it's like you don't
think I'll even use that kind of thing
that hey what's that here you go it's
gud Ecco sankara or Japan I thought it
was Korean nevermind don't know what
that is hmm some slippers a flash a
little ankle it's like a little beanie
baby thing how cute looks like an
eyeshadow or something in here I mean
this looks like a lipstick sigh yeah
that's very cute reminds me of like a
little baby bag or something my friend
just had a baby my God look at those
packaging it's not coming out proper
color it's pink but the balance is
throwing it off that's a really nice
color it's like the same color is my bed
spree my bed sprich my bedspread it'll
be fun to try out this is the blush
pretty nice color I don't really like
the bulky packaging but it's kind of
cute all right
what's this I have to say this is really
pretty it's like a brown the color
balance is the right off again I'm sorry
but it's like a brown and then there we
go super super shimmery I want to film a
tutorial today so I'm going to like
paint my nails right now because they
look terrible it's got more mail and can
i say i hate it when you get stuff like
this and a freaking plastic bag it's
like I pay like six dollars which like
the postage and that they send it in a
paper paper bag plastic bag it's so
annoying like how safe is there I just
got out of shower and I'm going to put
on some face so I can film some videos i
think i'm going to do a tutorial on the
makeup that I wore out the other night
that you guys saw my last vlog because
everyone was like to draw a tutorial
tutorial so I probably do that and then
probably a what's in my bag and then
maybe the whole the slit cool I think it
is now 2pm and all i've eaten today is a
puddle of yogurt and I'm not even hungry
pretty sure this isn't normal just film
this tutorial so it looks like and I
didn't film or what's in my bag today
cuz my camera's did in I'm over and yep
so I'll try to film it later this week
but yeah if you own a wise a template of
lager over the weekend that's because my
days been completely boring would have
been wasted my time editing and
uploading waste of my internet uploading
and a waste of your internet even
watching it like it would have just been
boring so yeah painting my nails over
top of the pink now porch so I did have
on this morning because I couldn't find
my nail polish remover and it looks
really bad look at that middle now
I think I'm going to go do some swatches
now i love scrubs music video look at it
i'll put a link to it on my facebook
page if you want to check it out that's
the title he has seriously good music
like me and my mates were listening to
his music the other night when we're
drinkin it's pretty good and how pretty
is she who username is glitzy makeup
that's how you spell it took her out I
am so hungry i filmed a vlog I mean a
video for my vlog channel eyes tape by
Jessica made a do i can t remove what is
cool but it'll be out today also
probably just before this yeah it's 313
I'm gonna make something to eat I'm so
hungry is what I love so much about my
fitness pal again damn it
then edit Sam how easy or the broken
glass right here smashed it last by
knocked it off of my dear clever I just
made some garlic bread out of a piece of
Peter and then I made a toasted sandwich
also cuz I'm so hungry oh my god i can't
wait Jesus wrecking more Christmas trip
prisons oh my god I've already got like
this message pal over there can you see
I'm really sick of this I just can't
wait to Christmas together on two people
don't nest think I am so tempted to open
these right now I love dreams and flakes
and crunchy bars but I'm not going to
i'm sure i'll get some for Christmas
anyway but it's just like oh my god it
looks so yummy I just in a blog post on
my sleep make up stuff so if you wanted
to see what I got I filmed a whole today
but the holes probably not gonna be up
for at all wait so if you want to know
what I got before watching that hall
then feel free to check out my blog post
i did swatches and stuff yay see ya just
saying my dear saying forever to come
home already decided i want fish and
veggies for did I just feel like fish
yeah pumpkin and kumrah and what Ashley
make mashed potato yum so I am obsessed
with this game lately it's like called
Tiny Tower and you basically have like
an apartment building and you put people
in it like little apartments and you put
like food shops at leisure shops and you
like stock up stuff and it's like it's
like some city or something but
simplified and stuff and I don't know
it's so addictive and you earn money and
then you feel more floors and stuff like
that and they have their own little
facebook on here and you work the lift I
don't know if you guys have like any
game recommendations or at
recommendation
write them down below like I might
already have them but just tell me
anyways because I love finding your apps
preferably free ones because they hate
paying for them but you guys should
check this one out it's one of those
games where you just play it when you're
bored i'm going to show you guys the
best way to roast vegetables ok so i
just coated them with some extra extra
virgin olive oil because that makes it
cook a lot nicer and it's not too bad
for you and then i take some mixed herbs
and but chuck them over it takes some
fresh garlic and just kind of sprinkle
it for long and i don't really eat it
but the juices will come out of it and
give it a really really nice way that I
like to do that around the pumpkin more
so it tastes amazing and it also tastes
really really good if you cover it and
beef stock as well but I'm spend with us
today dinner was so amazing um my
channel two is not working cool
obviously my TV is like 50 million years
old blue screen and I think that's
because porkchop place to knock over my
girls anyway that done all this so good
i like only ate half of it did you see
how much food i made i always end up
doing their bed but I gave my daughter
leftovers and he loved it um yeah so now
I am I just finished uploading my video
any chase not now but I'm gonna eat at
this video it's a pretty still shot
shall I give you a sneak peak jokes
final look II but yeah I really like it
it's similar enough to what I was
wearing when i went clubbing i think it
was a bit different but hey it's okay so
yeah i'm going to edit this and I'm
gonna eat up my other video that I
filmed and then after that my food
should be all good and I'm going to
exercise a good i did 25 minutes
yesterday because my feet were killing
me after work
but I knew I had to do something so yeah
the best thing to 740 we were watching
it he like Stella out of the elevator
and ripped off surname dollar yeah home
tree ah shame what's up and going to
shower and then go to be pretty much
well I want to read tonight so hopefully
this world was sort of interesting it
also kissing ah
