hey guys so today I'm doing a tag video
i was tagged by jessica made to do the
child in you tag and i haven't really
read through the questions I kind of
just briefly remember them from watching
her video but I'm just going to jump
straight into it because I don't really
want to hear this video too much okay so
the first question as a kid what was
your dream job my dream job for ages was
to be a marine biologist because I was
obsessed with dolphins whales sea
creatures in general and they asked that
I really really wanted to be a bit but
then I discovered well I got told that
if i was a bit i would probably have to
deal with putting down a lot of animals
and giving them operations and lots of
girls stuff and i couldn't deal with
that because i love animals and I
wouldn't want to see them hurt so yeah
um how old were you when you found out
that santa wasn't real with how did you
find out well I was a pretty smart kid
let me tell you that I was probably I
was quite young when I found out but I
never told my mom because I knew that if
I told my mom usually wouldn't mind me
um present from Santa anymore that's
what I thought because she still buys me
presents from Santa but when I was
younger you know I was an animal
phonetic did any of you used to collect
those animals animals animals like you
know those little magazine things that
you could collect and put in a big
binder I used to click them I'd like
every single one for like two years
anyway I knew that reindeers couldn't
fly you know I just knew was impossible
um so I figured out Santa can be real if
he rides around on flying reindeers you
know that's just a lot of crap I
probably figured that out when I was six
or seven I never told anyone what was
your favorite Halloween costume is a kid
and use it when we don't really
celebrate Halloween that much my parents
never let me go I've never been they
never let me go to go feeling because I
was too scared that I would knock on
some old men's door and it kept me or
knock on someone's door in that poison
the lollies or something out there
because they're psychos everywhere I
don't know like just because we don't
really celebrate it not really like they
didn't really think they would happen
but you know just for my own safety and
one time I remember why I don't remember
I have photos I have some photos off my
wall of me dressed up as a fury and i
also had
a halloween party at my kindergarten and
I dressed up as a witch and I remember I
should remember this I must have been
like for and I was dressed up as a witch
and I was on my tricycle and I fell off
my tricycle and I cried a mom took me
home oh yeah number four will work what
were your favorite cartoons and shows as
a kid I used to love recess courage the
cowardly dog that monsters are monsters
that one what else did I love I love to
SpongeBob SquarePants I loved Pokemon
obviously I made my auntie go to light
all the pokemon movies with me like you
know forced or two um yeah um what was
there a band or musician you were
completely whoops obsessed with growing
up um I've been only obsessed like when
I was like 12 I was obsessed with like
DJ severe cities and i still love like
twister and people like that I can't
think of any white boy bands or anything
I was obsessed with I wasn't really um I
was obsessed with Britney Spears as was
everyone from the 90s probably do you
still watch any cartoon so they're so
which ones um no I don't watch cartoon
ah I do watch cartoons but adult cutters
like family guy and american dad
whatever it's called and futurama and
stuff like that the citizens but I used
to love the Simpsons around a little and
what's one heaven from your childhood
that stuck with you till this day um I
don't know hibbett I still bite my
fingernails I don't actually know I
don't know let's be real do you have jam
sessions in your car it and go wild
dancing da doesn't 31 yes I do you're in
a hotel do you steal the shampoos and
conditioners from your room now I'm not
into those like I always take my own
shampoo just started like those little
ones they look dodge looking that it
thinks now what advice would you give to
your younger self um ignore what people
say that's probably one of the things
i'd say to myself when I was growing up
because from the time I hit school
until high school I was teased my entire
life and I would tell myself just to not
take any notice of it because it got me
down too much so yeah that's what I
would say so that's the eat of the tag I
take everyone watching I tag Olivia live
lodge make up a tag makeup and stuff I
don't know if any of you got a supported
on this I take ft no um I'll write down
some people doubler but yeah I take you
guys anyone that wants to leave it as a
video response and I'll talk to you soon
all right
