hey guys oh look an attractive I am so
freakin sick I just had a shower I feel
I like so much better all of a sudden
I'll be sick like tell how sick I sound
almost swollen from my flight yesterday
my league low I like half my swear I
like that well I can't cause it's like
oh the joys of traveling long distance
but yeah I was like out of love today
cuz I don't know I just do hopefully I
don't feel worse later yesterday like
couldn't even God being so tired the
distant GST is mine which is always fun
just add like tax if you and Mo yay um
I'm going to go get some groceries got
my food I'm craving sushi so freaking
much like all I want is sushi but Hamish
is being all like super healthy which is
good but also like very boring for me so
I'm thinking also make some sushi
attempt it and I'm like this would be
good for the vlog because it's probably
enough Oh terribly back in like 2001
allotrope was like 2013 i used to try
and make sushi it was so hard for me and
you should just fall apart that we're
going to give it another go okay I'm
like a little bit falling down here
again like already the Botox were off on
me it's really super low I don't like
how I remember but I think I'm just like
so stressed again like this month will
make sense July holy crap is like my
busiest month ever you guys will see a
lot of it when have long a lot this
month I've got meetups I need to put off
meetups on her to say I can't do them
like I'm doing one but otherwise I know
skinny sense yeah people wanted me to do
some more like companies and I was just
like I actually can't I've got some
sponsor videos which are really exciting
one I've got some exciting like Easter
eggs and stuff I've got some exciting
watches as exactly and other companies
so like some collab
integration and stuff like that which
you guys getting to froth over like I
was so excited I've been having this the
swing I had it looks tuning in and it
was kind of dark and it was really tired
and I poured it and I was sitting on the
edge of the bed and I poured it all over
my legs and fate neither have I ever
felt so disgusted in my life literally
like you have no idea how sticky coffee
is disgusting so study here by the way
is from misguided and then I'm wearing
my ring blue jeans
probably got it's also baby at the
moment so Sloane's everywhere I need to
like be healthy with Hamish right now
then so when I'm sick I do not lose my
edge i I swear when I've said I'm like
every parish when I ate ah so yeah I've
just been like eating non-stop for the
past two days while I've been soaked um
so yeah one has to be cooked up take on
I don't know I need to wash my hair so
that's exciting and I need to edit some
videos because yeah next month is crazy
busy
I need start pretty filming I mean I'm
not performing any start pre-editing
some stuff I've got some other stuff I
have to film soon when I'm bitter so I'm
sorry it's gonna be like so grossed out
especially like my nose is literally
like peeling apart and my looks are like
split or any hardly tell anymore cuz I'm
moisturize and hot out and I've been
using this which is really good friend
tensive moisture I think I find the hemp
balm from the body shop
it really does ray so I've been playing
all my nose and on my lip I'm getting
tired really how I cream it's a bit I
need to be productive today a little
here on my camera I got a new hair later
which I'll show you later I need to
clean my duty room so badly
such a nice but we'll see how much
energy I had like already my arms like
dying I can barely lift my arm so long
so weak I want to show you the pills I
take when I'm sick they work so good
like serious there's so much better than
yesterday but still awful but I mean if
you could have seen me yesterday you'd
understand
Sydney hi darling I love you so much
what are you doing why you do it finally
how qu your cuticle giver yeah settle
away
what my day this is how healthy hi
Lucius
and healthy what I should be having so
these are so good
I'm gonna take more today I took like
three this is take one a three times
daily food I just took like three last I
was like seriously like they seem to
work so freakin good
I know that this ingredient is really
good anyway
vitamin C yeah I'm going to take food
with those pills I'm just doing this now
but still antibiotics because I was
really sick before I went away my doctor
gave me antibiotics in case I got sick
again while I was in America so I've
been taken into because you know he was
right so I need to eat with those which
sucks oh it's all cold water for too
long what about it let it roll it it's a
lot err yeah
- you know I'm sick I can't taste it
true you know what we need to do again
as we need to clean it windows has got
dog nose marks all over are you doing
what Moses thank today we'll buy um when
we buy those reusable bags for nursery
yep
thank you oh hi oh hi hey this is Olga
neck place to go to
I'm going to interchange pick up gift
click seed oil because omega-3 we you
see at the +1 but honestly I don't think
it's really worth it for the price
difference it's go too late little least
Omega Sarina as well sleep oh my gosh
I'm like up this is a colored guy
electric who's the good one I like 18
and location in my favorite Ashton
onions
yeah yeah my diet the bunions
I'm disgusted oh my gosh I feel like
crap I have the worst headache of life
oh my god what's going on chantix I says
I have the worst headache of life which
in its Oh vlogs actually really just go
to sleep okay take care
yeah so somebody's got my shoes
how's that yeah just paint balls blue
and oml comfort eating Burger King onion
rings odor okay
and thank you I'm going to consider
blogging tomorrow because now I'm just
such a good morning guys it's a shower
I'm feeling a little bit bitter so
that's still not 100% the plan today is
take those photos as motoki specific for
beauty and I need to reduce me
it is hang and I thought I could just
take my vlog safety data and it is a net
the hospital Simon like just know she at
the moment Hamish shakes is so much as
hilarious so yeah I'm going to go edit
at the hospice later and I want to make
that sushi because when you do that
yesterday my teeth really hurts there
now I just want to show you guys this so
this is another initiative the guide
dogs so you can hear over to the key
dude organzied you can make some
biscuits and sell them to sunray so
Baker's can register at the keynote
Corinne said we can find everything
you'll need and then you know if you
don't want to bake you can keep an eye
out and actually buy some of these
cookies to help fundraise for the Guide
Dogs
mellow 3rd July oh gosh so surely one
message it likes obviously I didn't see
this until I got back from America but
anyways you guys can donate directly to
the drive Dog Foundation as well you
know you do want to contribute here's a
couple of the guide dogs we sponsor cute
a so yeah just google blind foundation
New Zealand you'll be able to find all
those make sure attire you can help and
what they do to help yourself so it's
really cool educate manage products so
funny if it might divide it so I have to
make some breakfast so
I kind of feel like a bagel but I'm not
that angry
yeah I'm not making sushi again this
morning this for lunch I'm here for
dinner I think um I was going to pick me
up we're going to go over to the hospice
now I'm going to take my laptop so I can
eat it and get some lunch and stuff I
think for my family too Oh
my throat's slow saw just be like
coughing cracked up here I know that's
so delicious to tell you guys that
whatever I did the photography for the
new highlight is and get bored Rogers
visiting new brushes which looks so
computer Cod is so soft but you guys
will hear all about them soon this like
pushes it's so exciting
I'll show you guys like Adam on how they
look and my new brush is coming and you
need to film today you're feeling a
little bit better but still my nose is
red oh this will be interesting
yep and I'm really emotional while I'm
filming a lot that thank God because I
just don't know actually make me happy
didn't give it a go and see how it goes
go good go good big bottles
yeah everyone so it films my highlight
or launch video obviously wearing high
so the lighting will actually be nice no
oh okay lighting my makeup I don't know
I was so sad today
naturally why my own hair styler austere
try date issues I think Isis I mean
dines blow my nose since I found
obviously that would run my makeup so
have a bloody nose and down like dying I
feel like I'm going to drown and Papa
okay soon gon see said get rid of me
excels very honest and said even though
I played an exciting video like it's my
launch video for my highlights and
everything it's still I'm happy that I'm
watch my husband still so sad and so
like I was just being honest familiar
and I was talking about their stuff in
life and life updates and things and I
think I will upload it I'm sure people
want to say I hope one because I'm
really excited to share my house with
you interpreters its reality it's like
my vlog channel how I share like said
stuff with you it's like I need people
to know that you know they're not alone
and it's not just perfection in my life
for new youtubers life like we're human
beings and we have said times I think
that's important that people understand
that because it's a shit feeling when
you feel sad and you feel like no one
understands and no one gets what you're
going through I just want people to know
that like I am here here even if we
don't check on a personal level like I
want you guys so I care about you and
you will be okay and we will pull
through this together and be okay my
lips is wabi-sabi except my lips are so
freakin dry by in so beauty and it's on
top of a really dark Urban Decay
lipliner to make it darker B I'm so sick
my skin is like peeling off my nose my
skin is peeling this is the worst look a
little wear today but I feel excessive
order Douglas when I stated it well if
they're like bear on the ground who
anyway my lashes are the one to last by
so Peter I'm going to blow my nose now
have been probably wipe off with my
makeup because I'm just going to crash
it you know it's just left the moment
the feet going to attempt to make sushi
don't charge my ugly outfit
it is keep doing worse I'm so cold and
sick I just don't even care assist with
me I don't care how they look here's
what we've got
oh my camera is dying and I want to make
lunch okay I'll start cooking the rice
so I think I think about why cucumber
institution doesn't make me feel sick I
think it's because they scoop out the
seeds the middle whereas like cucumber
juice or a slice cucumbers hairs like
the middle part like the seeds and the
juice and stuff I think that's the part
that makes me ill whereas the outside
it's fine so yeah because I always get
to from Associated like cucumber avocado
cucumber cream cheese stuff like that I
don't really like the taste and kurma
but what does in sushi a life is so
we're giving you the cover oh my god I
have no idea what I'm doing you guys and
made the rice cooling down the sushi
looks really weird color
I have no idea how much I'm supposed to
use so let's just do this this is
something about leaving again
this is already looking terrible we will
persevere
I don't know what I'm doing oh no I'm
just going with it it's going to be all
messed up but whatever
step off my nose it's all good and
explain taste decent so here's my lunch
I've got heaps of ingredients list so
much to make some extras if not a lot of
prior sentence my family and see video I
wants to trust my sushi making skills
this is a master filming of the oh I'm
getting a giant omphalocele Italy you
know when you can feel the pressure just
building up it's so nasty I just
finished filming a video to bring Alex
like I don't know I guess just because
my mind's not really with it at the
moment so it just took so long to forget
about that it is done so now I'm going
to hit hospice and see my family and
then later today I think Hamish wants to
get the Cobell because he's finally home
his cheap now like yes ah yes there's a
plan to place a new makeup new makeup
colors and stuff it's a beauty so I'm
really excited about that we're bout to
like at least mid next year honestly
guys like oh so much respect for people
like makeup companies and somewhere
that's not easy like you can't just be
like oh here's a makeup product here's
the color he goes out on the shelf like
there's so much stuff behind the things
that happens before you can actually put
it out or before you should put it out
so much tasting and stuff so I'm excited
I'll show you guys some sneak peeks at
sub-state
