I just finished filming a video look how
bright my eyeliner is isn't it amazing i
love it I haven't been logging this
morning I don't actually know what the
time is okay it's eleven twelve it's not
that late yeah I filled my whole could
see all my palettes down there camera
out stuff out boy so messy after I
finish filming um I don't really know
what I'm gonna do now I'm like only half
Druce right now this is why hip is what
I feel my video i just put on something
on the top I'm going out at like one
o'clock with my mom I don't know what
we're doing but I'll get changed by then
but now i'm going to lie in bed and read
and watch some youtube videos because i
want to see fur hello do they give me a
high five high five ah good one please
papi hello papi papi look up here hello
hello
what does that blueberry muffin a
blueberry muffin they look young this
time spectra no scratches come on seen
thousands notice how it always gives you
like a couple of Tim thousands but you
never tasers you need to stand in your
hope sighs look we almost won two dozen
dolls a medical still talking about
their turnaround rise time all the looks
strong i gots to get mockup trainer
truck not taking over again my never
anything
good
right now
one tree
I'm really long comment
ma'am I'm got matching iphones with your
bitching I'm falling why did you cut a
hole in the middle I'll getting this
girl result can tell this like inside of
it well it looks like a donut show them
the way thought these are unicorns for
about 18 years but they're not I think
forgot it's time that's hen you are I'm
gas right hand today no I've been out in
the Sun and don't don't lie oh I
might've overdone galti sugar a little
bit can I dinner probably just push it
push it in she's like a horse today
maybe you could have went to raise my
prices push it in a big construction
today on coolidge into Chile pushing
their mouths
on the hell yeah have time to watch this
give it here i push it push it we're
just kidding me push it on what you
think what burb like yeah we're like
your mother's tortilla chip in your in
trouble I'm gonna get a refund socks did
you money back so pretty they're not
please Jana where are the shared all
this on cow you know we very needed
you
hello mother
I thought someone might as well screw it
did one minute I lemon juice olive oil
would they like basic lovely by Michael
it's pretty mum they're super one in the
middle you want that make you chuckle
I'm super super clock rings three new
ring Pandora Pandora how much topshop I
have the font school hello Muslim New
Zealand coin it did only give use it on
here mixed from America amber I like
that one calling all that shadow bete
noire
I've got my little torch on its nine
here and there are so many people in the
mall still it's so weird so we're going
to go home now I'm going to play out my
phone and edit this video so i can
upload it
