i'm still in bed I was illegal 35 and
come away my dad's like out so I can be
in this prison ah i hope that this
morning relax it porkchop he's got jelly
meat on his luck oh really today was the
most intense exercise session ever I did
like 17 minutes or like how much should
i do I did an hour on my cross trainer
named 15 minutes in the morning so 15
minutes of morning I mean they might add
an hour lot of it and I don't know how I
did it because I don't think I'll ever
do it again I even took a photo of my
time of this I lay my aim so yeah steady
yeah still 118 calories in tubes which
I'm kind of glad I did that excited
nachos for lunch so that work was it
wasn't too good but yeah it was
brilliant it's and if you want you can
add me as a friend on here my username
is loose so we can support each other
and stuff making sure that we keep about
exercising everything I just want to
look more toned for summer look I won't
show you my day I mean my my date when I
talk about my um nette a name this start
again I don't want to show you my
address for obvious reasons but I can't
even figure out what this is hopefully
it's my port Daisy sec wait port desi no
I'm probably take green packing peanuts
never seen that before sneak peek it
does may not probably take stuff oh my
goal of half of the stuffs for you guys
but i'll probably do a haul tomorrow and
then i can get on to doing my go away
video for christmas god it's going to be
like christmas by the time I even get
uploaded I'm so excited about these i'm
going to do like a really pink like
glittery smokey eyes the meat look at
this one it's so vibrant you can't reach
them maybe if I put them next to each
other so hopping Wet'n'Wild tell it's
like a bunch of thing here some single
ones
another single one oh this is pretty
good that is all wet and wild you guys
should love me look how vibrant that
blue eyeliner is holy crap it's the next
this thing what's it called studio
liquid liner in the blue one I saw Stacy
Britain with this on flash is wearing
out in the video and I was like holy
crap i have to get it I've got the black
one too and it's actually so black and
then that simple it wild lipstick but
I'll go into more detail tomorrow I'm
just really excited right now ok did I
got so me there didn't even realize i
got like I think two or three for myself
but look at those this is so pretty this
is the greed palette and I got some
walking on eggshells and some solid
treatments and the purple palette
because someone wanted there oh my god
last I just want to play with them all
right now but i like to wait till
tomorrow till after I do my hall and
I'll probably swatch them on my blog the
best toast either is there an two bombs
lemon honey on top so good and these
people I just got an email from them
they want me to do a review I don't know
if I want to I got email by these random
people that wanted to see me all these
race random like knickknacks like nail
art and all this but I didn't accept
that either I honestly only probably
accept like twenty percent of what these
people try and get me to review I don't
know what do you guys think have you
heard of this I am taking photos for my
blog I've got my makeshift sit up white
wall from the house and then my NCAA up
boards in my camera and shoes I love
these shows you guys have no idea i'm
gonna wear them all day now like to wear
them in I'm so excited
this one is really really fast today I
love the nation are they beautiful I'm
so this is it so bad I'm still loving
still obsessed with these shoes I show
them to my auntie and she was actually
like holy crap I think he's a beautiful
you're really comfortable telling a few
times um yeah now i am it is any video
sitting ready video and they go it's
fine i'm gonna try and make it on what
lunch i'm hungry kitty so dad liked his
birthday prism my granddad is in
hospital right now so i'm going to go
visit him later he just a diabetic and
he's got a few other things wrong with
them so we're gonna go to them later
hopefully he's okay I'm a bit worried
we're having bigger field for dinner
I'll probably film that and then i'll
probably get at this video and i'm sorry
it's so boring
