this is porkchops favorite sitting place
right on front I mean round top of the
TV well he likes to sit right on top of
these books which is basically like my
filming thing like I put my tripod up
there oh here we go see he's just
showing you he's just showing you what
he likes to do and he likes to knock
that over does it every time you're so
vain I've been using this behind my ears
and on my neck because I've hit like a
rear air an allergic reaction to
something and I have no idea what
because I haven't changed anything like
my shampoo or anything by washing powder
so yeah I've to put this on and it makes
it go away I like I know I'm kind of
allergic to nickel but like I didn't
know is allergic to anything else and
this really sucks because it's so itchy
I hate stuff like this like I'd never
even gotten a rash before this year what
is happening to me here's today's at
makeup of the day um am I here it's such
a miss I didn't want to wash my hands or
tonight like after a size eight eyes I
just want to wash it again and I'm not
doing anything anyways apart from just
rushing into town and I think I'm going
to like Jenni vehicle something I should
know somewhere rain and / here to her I
don't know but I've got mascara on I've
got Mac pretty please lipstick this
little pot and BB cream and powder so
that's my makeup of the day pretty basic
one video two videos I might stay
forever to upload 90 minutes remaining
it's been upload like an hour to outfit
can't even see
filming it's so pretty do you love them
graceful woman they got shoes
Wow
who rely how many how often do you go to
town yeah I man i'm on i do i always do
know till we we're at the toy
headquarters at what school yeah julie
marie toy brewery which if you don't
know who he is here New Zealand's most
popular beer is it it would be a
heartbeat closer to it maybe Cole
prevent most popular your advocacy not
sure Australia GF till we should tell me
it was the hugest lightning strike just
before the pissing down hopefully not
umbrella umbrella one a ninety time
dependence really together hold doing
the splits with the league's right said
fred unbelievable and not gonna buy and
we moving you just intrigued about you
know your evil media Oh dark but you'll
be funny painters to get it
I just saw a guy with a broken leg get
into a car into the driver's seat and
drive off I don't know how he is driving
that's really scary so start with us
these are still 170 I think a true
connection they used to be 200 something
and I got them for 70 from this outlet
shoppers and part me at the moment I
don't even know I think it's one of
those temporary like brand clearance
shops got my Geoffrey Campbell's and
they are so freaking amazing I did a
size 8 i've tried almost an ass even Hux
they'd never steven and they like fit
the eight seem to fit better but i'm a
size 7 i'm feeling kind of weirded out
there look how pretty there and they
look amazing on these are like my
favorite pair of shoes if it not been
wanting this for so long but I was just
like no I am NOT spending two hundred
dollars on one pair of shoes so look how
high they are but they're so comfortable
and so pretty Jeffrey Campbell I don't
actually know but I'm not familiar with
you free Campbell's so i don't know if
that's what they called the style i
better I don't know it'sit's hem made a
busy last jeffrey campbell california I
don't know the extra style I jokes it
says it right there merry old black
floral there I just got home like an
hour ago we caught up on Shortland
Street as you do pretty dramatic right
now do you guys watch it dust on there
anyways so my camera we did after my
last little bit and we went across the
power here to a track and there was like
a truck it looked like the trailer
weight off like at the bank in the index
will track just flipped on the side and
ma'am mum must have got there like a few
minutes after it happened because it was
only one other car in front of us and we
stopped we got stopped by like a
thickens truck and we were like holy
crap we were freaking out for a while
like if he was like hey we didn't want
to get out because there was an
ambulance literally like 30 seconds
behind us and police and things and they
got out and my mom got out and asked the
cop if we should turn around because
this is like a really windy little track
if you're not familiar anyways and
apparently he was ok what she's really
lucky I'll into it for some photos if
there was a passenger ice weird like he
would have been gone like I'm so glad he
was ok but it was quite scary so yeah
that was my day and I bought dad's
present for tomorrow I'm Sherlock
tomorrow I'm being pretty good with this
phone pretty much I like film all day it
really late at night I like 1030 like
get to be it like a luma 30-midnight and
I usually start uploading it while I'm
asleep so I uploads for the morning it's
such a hectic schedule but I only just
got my other one uploaded so these two
are going to be a bit close together so
yeah I guess I'm just going to go down
edit this video and I hope you guys have
a really good day I mean head a really
good
