I'm putting together my outfit for today
I'm going to win by a high-waisted more
not high-waisted but the essen metrical
chiffon skirt thing and the stress
underneath because I don't want to show
my ass um yeah and I don't know what
accessories I'm gonna we get I should
probably start getting really really
stone though because mom's gonna be here
you need for them with it well not any
minute but very soon just at my legs
with this this is the best stuff ever
this and I don't even know where it is
my son lab staff are my favorite self
tanners the stuffs instant though so I'm
you're supposed to be feeling leagues by
use it everywhere it's amazing I just
finished filming my makeup i did a
getting ready video I wish I could like
extreme I automat that I'm out further
than i can because it's always like BAM
in your face but um yeah I just did my
makeup and I'm wearing pencil eyeliner
with a little bit of liquid eyeliner die
seriously not worn pencil eyeliner on my
top like lash line and like six years or
something stupid no not that long but
like since I was like 14 like yeah but I
did it anyway and I smoked down it looks
quite cool that I'm gonna get changed
now I was just about to do my hair and
mums like I remember that your hair
straighteners are in my car and I was
like crap so now I have no idea what I
should do with my hair but I still need
to get changed got my outfit on I'll
probably show you later in a shop
somewhere um but I'm gonna film an
outfit of the day now cuz it turns out i
have some spare time so yeah here's a
sneak peek I love the skirt it's amazing
huh and my hair is natural because I
can't do anything with it about to tie
it off but I don't really want to and
this right here is from bling if you
wondering finished roaming uh-huh this
camera actually like he's really weird
like oh pretty bad quality but I mean
it'll do for now right it was only like
sixty dollars I'm so keen to a shopping
well I'm not even shopping i'm gonna buy
my dad a birthday present and then it's
just for the wedding so but it should
still be fun hopefully yeah my dad made
this this is a photo of me and my dad i
love this picture of us look a funny my
hair was ligo here of the 90 years oh D
oh D fur-chan the puppy is off tomatoes
cabbage lettuce cream cheese eggs
leftover Thai food look how gross that
looks hmm I don't the copy him in there
I might just have a really fast like hit
a pocket have you guys did a meat papi
he's huge hey puppy hello oh he used to
be real fat but he like lost some weight
there's that porky it's 295 calories for
this what was up the hem okay so there's
a little bit more calories in at the end
I used more cheese because I love cheese
cheese is amazing oh my god so cute look
at that buddy I want a bunny bro bed I
was like my picture with my boyfriend's
I don't know what he said no you're not
allowed because I just always have peace
and if i want to go flooding next year
it's kind of a bad idea but i was just
reading my comments on my follow me
video from yesterday and you guys seem
to really like them even though i
thought it was real boring oh I'm glad
we're going to go and try on the
bridesmaids dresses
I have hairy legs they're like shiny and
sparkly I don't know if you can see
because the sally hansen stuff these
days they've changed the formula nice
like shimmer net so yeah I love these
little shoes they're so cute I need some
new players mum's just going in to get a
sandwich because lunch is until one and
it's about or leave in like 20 past 11
now those people are staring at me like
I'm weird pretend like I'm talking
myself and Floyd everything it's gonna
be famous I had up tighter pocket with
chicken it was young you had a pocket
with chicken yeah what was it like teen
dating
Oh cute I wanted time leave them here
basically I got a bit line getting what
about mine
Oh into this place barista they have the
most amazing cake it's like chocolate
cake and mud cake and icing and silk
cake all in one cake
clatter do it Hey oh yeah beautiful
little Tsar she school just in there
they will fight yes we are thinking
Bobby fish and chips and aioli what did
you get Oh me neither Yahoo wait
describe everything in shadows that
building spastically what do you feel me
this was empty page just like that
because that's how much I am Lori good
Oh either an immoral idea she thoroughly
enjoyed her fishing trips from ma please
he's dead funny keel this cannon
yeah top it with you I go you're gonna
be like oh my God look at her oh I want
a picture of an all right we're always
number one shoes yeah oh yeah Tyson and
yeah I think you guys wear the outfit of
the day zoom out for the day my fear
looks funny on the camera doesn't the
only things I spend money on least kiss
me or four hundred dollars what those
jeans yeah 400 yet Australia oh my god
this even works I'm sure a shoes
top bracelet
we haven't found anything yet these 12
cool cycling class oh look at you moving
I want some clogs look I do clogs
stripper clogs too broad Thank serious I
like these ooh I like these ones ain't
filet do you like these kind of heels
cuz I kind of do no but I like the heels
of these crimes are you gonna go darling
wiggle your feet last time she loves
eppel ah oh she's getting bored of it
lift our one year so far kind of
probably never be comfortable for
standing in yeah oh no heels are
comfortable to stay too long couple of
hours is going to the grass yeah well
that's where you get those Cleo these
ones are quite thick though little bit
what in this batch but it should be
quite hard to go with my finite oh yeah
how about nine o'clock and bonus tree
I've got fake bleating is rough yes
you
I like these the black ones and they
love me but I do like it just look on
destroy your name is Jeffrey here
you although my favorite i think i need
are from where are we shoe connection
shoe connection to those thanks oh here
we go 8999 are they yeah oh these are
pretty yeah you're like real like white
that I shall fix your foot that'd be
good for your 10 I'm going to video
Santos knows my friend got a photo
center a couple years back and he like
grabbed a bomb
I love that Sandra we do their bit
metallic I like these ones
I
look I don't like those clothes off and
when you're like
they're so cute
come stand next to me Brad nations who
are warbling call it was beautiful i did
i put the yellow because it they met my
lose literally stripper I don't forget
to like football rafters yeah yeah yeahs
watch though ages John baseman to wake
up here oh yeah what are you yeah pink I
think all they're quite known so there
because I kind of met surely this is
Sarah this is a mess of eggs boom baby
over 500 meters
not it should go with the color I've got
more fun yeah
do you watch yeah you're gonna come pick
me up on just may I love the target cuz
they like ruling
equip equip teen boys I don't even know
how about today 20 please don't want
from someone will ask earlier Australia
with fever what sheva sea bass t.t like
the t-shirt and by her dance when you
have a dream three bars oh I love these
big video
I bought those nude shows the plane no
pub nude new year
hey buying a phone gotta put the German
support pic I want an iphone
Ainsley I wanted my phone okay by the
iphone I'm just finished product I don't
know how to do it oh what do you
want to say radiating mom likes brush or
thing I'm um you like bra shopping
ma'am we're getting hyphens ritual
you excited me and mum and now on the
watch list for iphone 4s
