I also fall asleep while i was uploading
my fly mere a video can be stay and I
didn't even name it got him
clever I'm so tired it's babe ah I just
want to go to bed again but I shouldn't
I'm so exhausted from yesterday so
intense every time I upload a video it
pops up here like after like a couple of
days like most recent video it's so
funny because I get all these people
that you know aunt subscribe to me and
they come into my videos and be like hmm
but like I always gone to the pages and
obviously its people from New Zealand
because this is like New Zealand's most
viewed and all that kind of thing and
like it's always like random guys that
like into video games and they're always
like and we've got loot make up stuff
like that so yeah I'm just like your
block like I don't want random game
there guys watch my videos to be honest
so this cracks me up I'm just watching
this check here on YouTube and I'm so
jealous she's in Australia and she gets
I mean there's like a glossybox website
for Australia I don't think they seem to
need to on though i really hope you
think it's like those kind of boxes soon
because i really want to subscribe to
one of them i'm so jealous of you guys
australia that's so not fair we're just
a big ones about it that is mine 51
right now and I'm just I'm like so lazy
right now haven't even got I would be to
a shower so tired but I'm just looking
on it did so and i found these and they
kind of remind me of the tool turn about
$68 when they turn but i mean i thought
that people some for holding my makeup
brushes like they have looks at
different ones it comes with actual like
stationery too but i just put that
somewhere else but looks like it has
little holders and then i'm not sure
what this butters but now there's a blue
one and there's like a clear one which I
believed clear when I might get some
just don't know what this is but like
you know big brushes and then little
brushes and this one here which is like
oh wait you've got little shallow bits
like kabuki brush bear pencil sharpener
I don't know I think I might buy a
couple and even if i don't use them as
that that still be good for stationary
holders so men their own eating bugs
will live in my dafuq might get a couple
of the clear one so I am I get that one
and that one yeah chase your mind I'm
eating black you can't even read that
this macro sucks but it's going to be 34
35 + mandalas 50 for delivery not bad
really I'm came for the sale tweezerman
beauty tools to Ezrin Taylor medicine
fabulous cosmopolitan reply Matt leche
me brush with argan oil I want to buy
stuff and when the Outlook Web site the
American one I fully got to see one of
these to review except what she's coming
towards me I was like I don't need to
one of my teeth so do you want to reveal
to me is that ok it's like the same
brand is that whitening pen thing I use
that I reviewed and stuff they sit me
like a bigger more intense kit on here
its retailing for sixty nine dollars and
I have a coupon code to get that cheap
too so yeah I love how I just uploaded
this video it already is it just like no
I swear people to subscribe to me just
so they can like just like my videos
ASAP it's so weird whatever look at this
boy looky looky he's got jelly meat will
over his face cuz he's so grubby because
if you've been watching me for a while
you know that he's only got one tooth 78
says jelly me pretty much is to slurp it
up and then after he finishes eating
he's got jelly me all over his little
mouth a bulky he's so cute ah ah
I'm just trying to find the end of all
my comments up to 64 pages so far is
taking point of all 89 pages I'm just
going to do one drawing and then
randomly pick two people in that page
for the two different tears so both of
the winners will be on page 89 1 2 89
around the double pay somber 3 East
serious okay let's refresh dude do okay
actually um why is this flight to spam
oh ok yep this damn okay one two teen
Stephen yeah so first when I see a
number 14 acid Kimmy candy put that up
on your pain and they're not just try to
get another person aged that's the span
person did anyone pick number two okay
there's two people so 12 let's just go
one and two one the other winner is
1997a yarn off hey where do they live
kazakhstan and United States
this is my lunch in a pocket with cheats
tomato in him and so young but too hot
to eat just eat there is about 288
calories and this new and I love my
fitness / well my fitness pal just
kidding my first pal um I think I'm
going to exercise tonight because I
haven't done it all weekend and yeah
I've done this week I've done wait let
me have a look yeah this week I've done
at 63 of my 90 minutes so I just need to
do another half hour what she'll do
tonight um I've been pretty late this
week I've been off more calories though
so it's all good but oh yeah and I need
to clean my room look at this this is
hit dick from being freaking rushing
around all week like I saw that who
keeps of time since the holidays but
apparently not something to clean my
room I'm gonna pick up some Christmas
gifts and yeah cool afternoon oh and
I've got work as well I've decided I'm
going to do swatches on Sundays and I'm
going to swatch these on my blog even
though i did a video i just wanted to
put them in a bit going in a blog post
so you can see the color fitter and then
i'm going to do my wired valves because
these colors are beautiful i reorganized
up my makeup so it's only like three
drawers now i really don't have as much
but some people probably think oh and in
here well compared to lots of beauty
girls on youtube that have like tubs and
tubs and top of the makeup be real is i
have lots of brushes birth like em
name them but what if ganache my hands
just finished doing the rest of the
presence of wort so far i selected by
more presents for mom and dad and my
boyfriend's parents but here's the
majority of them and they look so cute i
love wrapping up Christmas presents I'm
not very good at it but I just love look
making them look all pretty with the
boys and stuff so cute I mean the neck
is drive-through getting as McDonald's
for dinner cuz i have lots of calories
live today so i can afford to be in 400
calories on one tiny burger like acidic
I feel real cool when I'd like change
lanes without touching the cat I I hope
there's no coughs arbiters in New
Zealand it's illegal just like beyond
yourself when it drive at the same time
and my little camera looks just like a
cell phone so I probably still get
applied for like driving and vlogging
because pretty much the same kind of
idea like not pay teachers bro did I am
so don't worry
pretty sure everyone that walks and
drives on YouTube must drive what a
minute this is seriously why is it so
hard to like drive properly in vlog at
the same time without shaking the camera
everywhere
my serious about trying to use my camera
sucks man
yes I didn't get an automatic just life
involved not just connect I hate more
minutes no fees I can't even drive
automatic right now it's always happens
all the way home
when you a little deducing count them in
my moms too kappa
so I just finished my McDonald's it's
still in 40 I got some groceries before
now i'm on the computer waiting for my
food just it also i can exercise her
half an hour yeah does anyone else like
those scorcher burgers from mcdonalds
erica mr. young they remind me of bent
into crisp chicken the spicy ones at
Burger King this so young I'm exercising
and be a fee because I live by
nickers then when you pour those
sneakers I looked over my mom's car
going cross trainer I always exercised
upon tomorrow now that I'm going to do
this for half an hour and that's what I
do and then I had my weights which I run
west and then I do weight training a
beam and we've had my resistance or
quite hard just make sure that you're
actually working out instead of taking
the crucible something stupid and a good
tip a star lemon juice in it because
lemon juice is amazing for your body and
free metabolism stuff billiard while
you're working out so yeah I'm going to
work out and then i might say good night
adipocere do you like he'll bring my
chicks on right now I love this song
right now
essentially amazing I hate on myself
these muscles kind of looks like me but
it's like muscles while they called your
drapes or something I wish could be rid
of Russell clothes really easily they
look I yes it's a boss who chose had a
nice nig like most other girls I'll work
I'll look absolutely beautiful right now
my face is still bread because it's
still hot but I'm going to go to iron
bit now I'm going to do a blog post it
another video in at this video what
asked when I do I want to read a bit too
that I think I had a pretty successful
day but I hope your guys's days we're
better than mine because let's be real
it was pretty boring this is pretty much
what every sunday is like me god I look
pretty so pity I'm just kidding so
tomorrow's blog will be a lot more
interesting because I was shopping with
my mom and my cousin who's over from
Australia my RT my mum's friend for her
wedding because we're bridesmaids and we
need to get some bridesmaid shoes so
I'll club tomorrow at the luncheon thing
lots of fun so I hope you guys have a
good day and i'll talk to turn back
