hey guys so I got asked on wasn't one of
my videos I think it was one of my
videos and to do a video on how to go
from wearing no makeup to like school or
something like that to going to school
makeup and people not getting weirded
out you're not I mean like people being
like oh my god she's wearing so much
makeup all of a sudden
okay so personally what I did was I like
used to always wear foundation like I
would sin to moisturize at school and
then I moved my way into foundation and
that's all I really wore with mascara oh
wait I always wore mascara like I don't
think anyone cares about mascara it's
just a scar but I always wore foundation
mascara and then eventually I started
wearing eyeshadows and it was always
neutral like you know it was always like
one color on the lid or light one color
on the lid and then a little bit in the
crease and just mascara and eyeliner or
something like that or actually before
that I just wore like heaps of eyeliner
like a winged eyeliner and mascara and
foundation eventually I started wearing
like lipsticks every now and then I
think people just got used to me wearing
makeup like because they saw me working
my way into it and then eventually I
pretty much wore like almost a full face
of makeup almost every day if you don't
want to take that route around you know
doing your makeup and crap I think a
really good way to do it is to just I
don't know like if you're you're
literally just we're like nothing then
start wearing a tinted moisturizer
tinted moisturizer and like a powder and
then like some mascara and then you know
eventually to start wearing some
eyeliner if you want to wear eye shadows
just use a really neutral like I dunno
champagne shade or a really light brown
and then just blend it out like don't
use anything else just blend it out I
would practice at home if you're not to
get up like I should always practice at
home at night time until you get good at
it because honestly you look back at
some girls like years ago like I look
really hit something like not my own
pictures cuz I never left the house when
I first started using eyeshadows like I
wouldn't leave the house because it was
terrible but look at some people and
they have like bright light
Green just like a streak but across
there Oh something silly like that so
you know just practice and then you know
just be a really subtle makeup and then
if you want to start winged blush then
just you know a little little tiny bit
of a natural one on just work your way
into it don't just come to school all of
a sudden wearing drag queen makeup or
something like that because everyone's
just gonna be like holy crap
and another thing I wouldn't recommend
is coming to school all of a sudden
wearing like bright blue eyeliner or
like bright green eyeshadow or bright
purple eyeshadow or like red lips or
something random you know just keep it
really neutral for a while and then like
you know after a while people be used to
it and you can't start coming wearing
bright reads and all that kind of thing
if you want to start like filling in
your eyebrows then go ahead just don't
make them real committed learn light on
something just you know you can search
tutorials on YouTube on how to naturally
fill them in so that they're not like
blocks or something I don't know I like
it's just pretty much like you just
gradually work your way up to it
just don't go cold to you don't just
start wearing dramatic stuff just both
subtle first or just with some things
like if you do really want to go with a
dramatic eye
first of all just don't do it on the
first day that people are gonna see you
wearing makeup like ever
you know I like work your way up to it
and then just wear a dramatic eye but
don't do any like dramatic lips don't do
any dramatic face makeup you know just
wear like lighter foundation and stuff
to start off with I don't know those are
just kind of what I think if you've got
any more tips for that person then leave
them down below I'm sure she would
appreciate reading your tips um but yeah
that's basically it just work your way
into it I hope this video helps some of
you and I'll talk to you soon bye
