I don't even know if you could like hear
me right now because my car is like 50
years old it's just Ted noisy but I just
for today hey to my trucks through this
Dylan is the craziest drivers you will
give a page I'm sorry that might like
one people being like this fact was real
hot to hold the camera is in the most
annoying last place either I always
liked other it and I'm not very good at
the whole blogging real straight hey I
find out about all the box king and
oh that I tweeted and see that it went
really really really really bad just
occasionally today so I'm really really
nervous right now I'll find alex is like
you think I suppose but I'm just like
cream right now can I past it because
the speech was so bad
well welcome to class like a box you
guys want to see follow me around videos
and this is all I do every day walk to
class to class walk home do nothing past
62 yes I got a b-minus oh I wasn't even
filming jokes this is my my photography
hold it there okay I'll download yours
anything i'm going to go in prague polyp
your cute smile we're gonna go get food
to live in a clock jokes it's almost up
wait time anyway well we could just get
subway after design oh yeah well cuz i
hanging right anyway cuz when does it
open toothy she say or 330 i hope it was
230 so yeah we're gonna go get food cuz
we're pigs and we eat every second we
can people are actually gonna think I'm
like the greediest person ever by
watching my blocks to talk about food no
but we actually do always talk about
food food as a life food and makeup and
clothes in photography and design it's a
lot that is a lot like this oh yeah
let's do it up for the day on Kelly
where's your top from Kelly's Glassons
top and your shorts I don't know your
foot sore from bible jacket JJ shorts
where are your shoes from i love them
hey whoa oh livin Kayla oh we have we
have Ashley only where's your bracelet
prompt equip da probably equipment this
one but you're not worrying anything
else are you and your hair looks really
pretty today Oh what am i wearing
swimming much Hoppus Robert the doll tee
times I don't know these shoes are from
island somewhere I've got little roses
on them my rings from ebay almost my
little cute earrings would i get these
what's wrong bling bling bling I really
want beginning I was tasting it thought
you said she was telling if they selling
three daughters
do you know art in america they have
chicken pies and this is called a potato
top 5 i'm vlogging this is got a potato
topped by a consists of potato pastry FN
and they're very delicious everyone's
looking like a before and this was a
steak and cheese pie at his steak gravy
in cheese or not they only have like
fruit pie and chicken pie so if you have
been talking about pie this is play and
they're amazing ask food classroom this
is what the pilots like inside i'm doing
a pie documentary at pi Dimitri and it
tastes like heaven this is where we were
and 11 11 11 11 I live and live in am at
a little bit of the 11th of the Olympics
just don't know I say i'm at the back
field there I am me and Kelly how many
people got in here 49 people in this
tiny little room for does it 4 by 4
meters or something all right these are
illustration
these are illustrations by other
students and mrs. also more finish in
Arabia pie Kelly got subway right
you
sanu I am editing videos ba da da yay
this is a pinup tutorial my vision of a
pinup tutorial ma ma ma ma um yeah just
thought it it's a real pretty face let's
see if i can get a do it first yeah
that's a dickface that's a good one i
love this girl do you guys watch her i
love her channel that's how you spell it
I'm how do you say that I think it's
French I don't know look at this boy me
okay snopp come here okay cool sweet as
mental booked up mummy made 20,000
subscribers on YouTube do you care let's
switch me to get there's any so cute ah
y'all liked out i'll show you guys what
i did last night i was like sick of all
my like um jewelry being all over the
place so i reorganized it i might do
like a jewelry collection on my other
channel you should you guys should let
me know if I should do that I've got
some hey great sneeze I got some closes
hanging up I just nailed into my wall
which I know isn't ideal for lots of
people because they can't do that but
since my dad doesn't care I'd do it
anyway and I have a box here which was a
Joel mint box that I nailed to the wall
and I put my earrings in there and then
I've got on my necklaces hanging up
there and then I've got my bracelets and
dangly earrings they had little hooks on
up here that my dad made my dad made me
this thingy and then I've just got my
kids stuff enjoyed very important my
perfumes I pour it all in one place
because i'm getting all over the place
some bracelets
ring ring and moorings and some super
lenses and then alcohol oh and chopper
chops you know you just have to have a
big mess apology up several times at my
makeup it is actually a Miss Leigh maybe
it's just because I don't have my
lipstick on I didn't get any video this
morning because there are they getting
ready Bo via video that I did like a
week ago when i went to that 21st that i
talked about on facebook i like it is at
that and it's actually like the worst
video ever because the lighting is even
worse than normal like it's even like
creepier than a tourism a night
targeting reviewers oh the Houthis like
something really shiny light reflecting
the light Bibles by the way serious talk
holy crap my room is swimmy see I need
to clean it look at this boy yeah so
cute um serious talk I had to get my
right put down my last rep and she was
too next pretty much life expectancy for
a rat but yeah she kind of had like a
rope and who started it sounds so
terrible but she somehow ripped open his
stomach I don't know how because I'm
sure she didn't do it on a cage because
I've been in that cage forever and none
of them have ever hurt themselves and I
make sure that there's no wire in there
or anything like I don't know if she
liked nibbled herself or what the hell
she did like since her sisters died
maybe she'll stress but I put her down
because she was getting really
distressed and stuff in it was pretty
sad I did that like two weekends ago so
yeah and just what I tell you in case
anyone asked where they were didn't see
them in them of it in my background you
know so it's the light right here before
so yeah pretty sad about that but yeah
cute I've got my little boy to keep me
happy a bulky a porky Jupp you're so
beautiful he's the lazy yes okay pasta
if you can even hear me this is sizzling
onion tomatoes lots of capsicum and
cheese and i'm going to show you what
once it's done because it is freaking
delicious
