hey guys today we're on a gangsta lean
because I'm so comfy right now I was
just watching YouTube videos and then I
was like text message I've still got to
fill my would you rather um video that I
asked you guys questions on Facebook and
I didn't get mini but i don't know maybe
it'll be a small me a short video or
something so the first question is and
i'm reading off the screen would you
rather shave your head or never wear
makeup again ever in your whole life
definitely shave my head because then at
least I could just shave my head for
cancer or something raised some money
and then I could just wear wigs like I'd
hate to get rid of my hair because I
really like my long hair like my hair
long I don't like short hair and I would
look ridiculous bald but I just wear
wigs every day and I feel good like
makeup is like a big part of my life
like I don't know makeups fun and I
prefer make up to here if you know what
I mean would you rather do Lady Gaga or
Katy Perry's makeup Katy Perry one
hundred percent I think katie period is
like a total babe and I'm not a big fan
of Lady Gaga I think she's kind of weird
um but Katy Perry is just absolutely
stunning and amazing so Katy Perry would
you rather be deaf or blind this is
really really hard for me because I
don't know like I can't imagine having
either maybe diff like I just think both
of them would just be so terrible um
sorry um yeah probably diff would you
rather go out to the movies or stay at
home watching DVDs I'd rather go out and
watch movies just cuz I like the
atmosphere especially if you're like in
a funny movie like everyone else laughs
and it just makes them more funny than a
new banners um even though like going
out for movies are so expensive it's
such a ripoff but I don't know I just
like the atmosphere would you rather fit
with foundation or would you rather wear
eyeshadow foundation I never used to
wear eyeshadow um I like having my skin
and even tired I don't like my rudeness
and
stuff and it makes me look so much more
fresh faced in a wake so yeah um next or
mac and I probably have to say Mac just
because I love mac eyeshadows and mac
lipsticks and stuff like next I love
their lipsticks and blushes but make I
love their next bit lipstick splashes
and other stuff so I think Mac would
just win yeah would you rather marry
someone who is good looking in vain or
someone with poor self-image probably
someone that was vain because I hate it
when people go on about themselves like
I am so ugly like if you compliment
someone and they just come back at you
like no I'm not I'm not pretty or I'm
ugly and I don't know that they're
nicely I used to be like that ages ago
exciting no confidence whatsoever and
now I realize how annoying there was so
yeah like Richie he ain't vain but he
doesn't say that he's ugly or anything
like that and yeah Emily um would you
rather live in a place where it was
always super hot 365 days a year would
you rather loan place where was always
really cold hot I just want my lip
because I hate the cold light I don't
know just hate it but they may hate it
when it's really hot in your lying in
bed and you can't sleep for the life of
you because it's just too hot I hate
that too gangsta lean um yeah I don't
know I think I'd still say hot just cuz
I love hot sunny days and it's so pretty
outside and I don't know it's just nicer
ok this is the last persons questions
and she asked lots ok would you rather
love someone who hates you or hate
someone who loves you and maybe love
someone who hates you because at least
then you could keep it a secret and then
that never know so they would have cared
I don't know and would you rather read
the whole dictionary or eat your
favorite food into your sink that
therefore never be able to eat again
definitely the second one I'd rather eat
my food my favorite food until I was
sick of it because my favorite foods are
all really creepy for me so like say if
my favorite food was pizza
I think my favorite foods like pizza and
pasta and like Italian food and stuff
like that and Mexican food like I would
rather just stuff my face full of that
so I never wanted to eat it again
because my body wouldn't mind um would
you rather watch a documentary about
cells for 18 hours straight endless and
take notes and not do anything else or
not go on the computer for an entire
month probably the first one cuz my
entire life is pretty much on the
computer right now like my entire course
is like basically completely computer
orientated my YouTube's on the computer
it's how I stay in touch with friends
that I don't see often so I'd rather
bore myself to death 18 hours straight
um would you rather be absolutely
freezing naked and tactica or wear a
snowsuit and butyl private of water and
the Sahara Desert I haven't no idea
because I think I'd probably die either
way like how could anyone survive it I
think I'd have to say the first one
freezing naked in Antarctica because I
get heatstroke really really easily
which would be good if I said I'd rather
live in some with it was really hot all
year long but I'm yeah like I get
heatstroke just like BAM and I would
just feel like I'm gonna faint and I
feel like I need a woman and I get like
real dry and yet it's horrible so I
could just imagine like completely
passing out and dying in the Sahara
Desert would you rather kill a
defenseless animal or a mediocre not
very good person this is really sad
because I probably rather color person
no but not really i wouldn't do a color
person like of it well I couldn't even
ever do that I don't know how it is
possible for these people like Steve
someone or shoot someone I don't know
how they do it it's like creepy to me
but I always told my dear like joking
joking if I ever killed man it would be
because I saw him beating up a
defenseless animal because I'm the
biggest animal lover freak person in the
world and I couldn't never colored
offensive defenseless animal I don't
know how people can even go fishing I
remember going fishing when I was really
young and I called a fish and I cried
and I wrote back in the water
and just cried and cried and cried and
cried oh my mom had to take me home like
I just felt so guilty like I've never
killed an animal and sometimes I wish I
could be vegetarian but it's kind of
hard for me I'm not going to go into
details but I don't know I just yeah I
will like cry it roadkill already said
that before but seriously one time my
boyfriend ran over he choked like you
know we're on the lake hundred K zone he
couldn't dodge it in my cry one time I
saw a car hit a bird and I cried and
like if i ever saw someone hurting my
animals I wouldn't kill him but I would
definitely give them an ass-whipping
like as some guy was like trying to
attack my kid I would actually go and
like punch him in the head like that's
when violent said it would come out so I
hope you guys liked this video leave me
some requests down below for more vlog
videos and i'm going to start blogging
again lots of people ask me what i'm
going to start blogging again and i'm
finally going to have time and then my
last week if you call so the summer
holidays i'm going to have time to be
able ashley block I mean blog regularly
so follow my blog if you um have a
blogger account or something and I hope
you guys have a really good day and i'll
talk to you soon bye
