good morning I've haft on my hair
because my breakfast is any damages look
Julie and right so sure she does a
really cool look lost their cost so well
we've got the Penal today so I'm going
to leave by 4:00 in 40 minutes but I'm
not trying to come to and fish my head
with it sell at Western I prefer to vlog
I'm starving
I would stomach what is y'all Semin this
is it just literally same as it is
melted I know it here is our country our
cream cheese and capers
I was just like that it's just like a
mound of like chill Kenneth I would you
would never say they do Dylan it's like
I know look this was that put LA one
that was the other one I'm going to game
now I might regret again it's pretty
quick it's like a trick commute some
people don't this is Julie first time
first impression of this it just gonna I
look at what you like and do your pinkie
feels like air ride these I'm not
touching it ever painted
I think that's the thing like it was
started doing tricks and things as I was
if he lighted you know how they do like
little try put the new thing oh oh
that's it she got it
so we're just in this little lounge at
the moment I like this what I think is
mind of things like this and you salt
yes I think you do it some salt I was
like no not really
I kind of want them oh thank you so my
first panel is woman crush Wednesday
which is just like full about being a
youtuber and it's a shameless Maya
Adria's choice and a car remember I
really looked at and then my next one I
know computers on them it's about doing
sponsorship and how to choose questions
that are give up your channel insta
planner so nervous
of course this is again very outside of
my comfort zone I'm shaking like but I'm
fine how to do it
got to be done that was my goal this
year right push myself
but anyways like on a no professional
ADA
I've been on YouTube for three years
though not an OG why I'm training motion
it Harry
I'm even painful from just being makeup
you know are like one of these crazy
like widgets gonna make a cruises like
that I really entertaining stock money
is like over their subscribers test so
it's really important to get to five
people grasp on work like this
personally I exhausted you know you're
doing always like brandis's like no like
we reject Islam education say I reject
the brand-new solid résumé because it
isn't
so dragons like Indians incursion from
my Instagram which is realistic you guys
we could make a--make about having a
good girl but I like music enough time
the Menominee tribe Instagram Pinterest
and we controlling this thing would come
up to any of the views as well both of
you see the dream you know again you
will navigate all the flowers which is
weird mimics camera but you really do
generally competence doing this and to
exploit something more yourself which is
where did you I feel as I apply itself
any other impending I want to do it like
they come up to you rightly say really
crystalline materials
and Charlie likes alcohol I agree along
from the listing following us at YouTube
channels aren't my keys are just copies
and laughs and really through what you
want to do like now we're giving you to
the store buried in like all these
different types of videos and if you
have a certain like increase professions
corporate or just as good as videos from
other people thank you to do them and
then we'll be when the organization
mentioned about you can see and it shows
get a really tight career correct so I
always tell people like if there's
something and you love doing whether
it's making music or being funny heart
nobody has a Miss why
a lot
and
hi I'm Jim Harris she makes those shoes
do you like I love lucky things
different reproductive brand that you
see on television commercials like
whatever like if I have to put out only
be there in just a variability tool that
will be including that I like about
really keeping it like the old pointed
you see sometimes people go up and
they're something that is like a TV
commercial and I feel like you do from
this like that out of the south and
you'll do is repeat respect sir I agree
I just want to include the author Philip
when you're being honest about something
in a lot of partnerships they're getting
a lot of backlash violence more meaning
outsourcing you choose the job and they
know that between a sponsorship being
paid for it and a lot of the audience
like knowing that the favorite creators
getting paid combatants are going to be
able to keep you at the usual time and
you know
you know what we like and what we like
as well these days sort of living which
means such a long time in between years
and when you do this publishers not to
get to see hostess with you and I know
you're talked about their brands are
going to talk about their powerful
people came out with a line of very big
maybe that's incredible what what was
that happens like on one place with the
girlfriends and boyfriends tags and
things are intersections of your first
comment I think was difficult at Lennox
Ave I feel like at your place - maybe
like dating other guys is not a business
knowing about it largely focus on
station following this going crazy with
the idea like I could do it but
absolutely you like when we can wave a
review yes always click go check out how
the whip like going for some more given
like or not we're all going to have a
different take on it and I think it is
so important to say it's what I work for
you might doing for something different
but if you're looking for you guys just
not here like I'm a chemical following
any sometimes result wrong so clearly if
you're a proximal to the curiosity I
think that's actually something really
important
mr.
I think that's it guys I think sprinkles
has made it it's my stomach
I think sprinkles Jillian's here boys it
work very much okay so next we turn Sam
on tree on filter absorbances I really
like it it's an installation with
meaning it leads the need a win so what
not but what it totally loves
I'm actually mom Jenny sang mom the
Sharon hexa is fucking beautiful you can
enjoy that thought that stand out like
no other literally like we do hi
don't mind me I'm adjusting Julie hi hi
welcome to my channel subscribe below
okay welcome to LA welcome to LA listen
we're looking for how 8 food ice the
water I would like to find the house 840
yeah we just want to get to the rate 616
handle it's like 60s like 60 I love to
say today I mean I just walk back and
forth like I don't dog food on the
street ok ok ok sometimes do it ok for
me do you mind asking Shannon pet the
dogs oh yeah yeah
Oh awesome
that's better
oh my god am i dead witnesses like this
make me look high every day Hey Oh
Yolo thank you NEP scream sizzle up Jeff
a very nice accent in English you doing
a to the wall so I know it's awful Sinan
smell
