okay we got a blog today because my last
one were taken down when i got my
partners or like you've got uzak unless
you can't use the music from like the
radio and stuff we go into the makeup
sale now and i'm not going to film in
there this time because it was a mission
trying to keep a looky-loo do you
remember talking around with but behind
my wallet I was like your schedule and I
got the creepies footage ever anyway so
much point so yeah we're going to go up
shopping afterwards okay from here and
we got ripped off now we do you do what
did you get what's it called Rose Bowl
cuz i made it get it because it's also
can i don't see it on the flight what
the hell oh there we go hello show that
jahmiya me but like it
I got one too even though I've already
got some because it's amazing and I got
this one which is called wash away your
luscious lips it's a weird name for a
doubtful and then I got this foundation
which said it was nine dollars but it
ended up being 19 so FML whatever um
yeah now going to save mart which is an
op shop / if you're america is called a
thrift store how does what is that
thrift hide it yeah Bentley theft is a
weird weird option because normally up
shop we just mean what we just rent in
here save my piece of crap like Kelly
this girl we suck it up shopping um yeah
anyway what is he stuck I don't know
where anything is climbing the wall ok
so we suck at actual thing we were going
to hit like a rock shopping day but I
think we're just going to go to the
plaza and go no more shopping because we
fail like real beard we're sure the way
house oh we're fancy because we have a
the warehouse extract even see oh there
we go no it has extra extra cool this is
yeah okay
another fail I'm sorry hindi hmm pretty
sure like a star just sucks right now I
need some flip-flops I'll get these ones
should we do it after the day hi there
was only fifteen dollars at the same
fate foundation look and they say black
trembles 3399 those are supposed to be
really good except in America look hey
New Zealand prices for again cover girl
seventeen dollars will shock some people
maybelline rosa i can't even find where
i am hold on from down there i am 35 fit
me oh this the fit me is pretty cheap
that's made 23 25 dollars for a
Maybelline mascara yeah heads
you guys in America have like tip-top
stuff not New Zealand yeah oh yeah
really did if you become to New Zealand
get some of those magnums are amazing
what are they called trumpets trumpets
are amazing those ones are amazing those
colossal ones oh yeah rocky road they're
mean and with the chop bars do they not
have any chalk back here aah chak bars
phenomenal but every time I anyone do
remember I was talking it we were
talking cause its got like Peter
choppers in the middle and I was like
telling kelly that now every time I eat
one I always drop the middle yes and
then I dropped it this is Kelly's car
just kidding they're going to go to
enter mates again because we want to
look at the puppies will just eat at
that without so and last time we went to
animate in like videos all these people
were like well not all these people like
two people were like oh my god those
poor dogs in a cage and we're just
wondering why in America do you guys
know if pet stores where animals are in
cages or by are they like running around
the shop a lot because shot free and
psycho pumps not drivers but who does
there did she not cuz you're not wait
anyway see ya yeah because here like
they're in cages and they get lit up
during the day they delay like it wit
pits and stuff they like let them run
around but like obviously we're needs
lots of people in the store you don't
want dogs running around all over the
place and creeping everywhere
I think it's cruel yeah
freedom furniture freedom but there's
not its freedom party original is where
we go get our stuff printed this is the
skatepark we're all the gangsters hang
out king oh there's no one there they're
all at school today where's your brother
you can see wheat pizza in the distance
Oh animates what if green light carry on
you went to pay here but I'm sure it
won't be a parking problem hello wit
pantry enemies oh I reckon we pizzas
better for animals okay I asked her if I
could have a buddy what are you eating
where are you eating and using you not
BEC that were obvious like you oh that's
my castor oh that one's cute hello old
pomeranian I love Kois other one looks
like a little TTP they weren't strong it
to soak it I liked that wannabe hello I
would call you titty because you look
like a titty bid
of all that one's cute oh hey okay yeah
you're cute which one are you going for
oh my god is so adorable there one looks
like it's trying to hump it is it stop
humping you do anything go go okay i
just asked Kelly if McDonald's um was
open still for breakfast what is going
off the light hey Donald breakfast here
we come good job looks really dive into
trouble okay what is this kind of we're
gonna get what are you gonna get
something I love those bagels the BLT
boom oh they're amazing oh that's not
even the right one I want to be LT bagel
combo yep combo telling me how much of
the Oh what do they call now that i have
changed all the names ah no there's that
boston deli that's what I'm kind of yeah
yeah well just sabia yeah they don't
want their first order is this Betty
because i have to be LT bagel converse
please okay yeah anything else no as
well thank you i do drive did when i was
with you someone should tell me how much
does mcdonalds cost in America because
my uncle went over there and he said
that you could get like a 24-pack of
nuggets for some stupid price like five
dollars and I think like it's six
dollars for like a six pack here or
something stupid now it's not even I'm
just lying but someone should tell me
how much everything costs how much does
a BLT bagel combo costs over the only
thirteen dollars for two it's cheap look
mate
wrong on the other like I don't know
debit cards are the meanest I don't want
her to cut about a credit card I would
be like in deep by tomorrow I know uh-oh
here bobble hi hey why did I misjudge
customers not a motor vehicle not be
served does that mean we can go past and
like it invalid chair see they found on
facebook remove your head it was like
two people on a horse at the driver know
their bike stands look like pretzels
I'm just gonna send the car pack yep
Holsey I shall come this one cuz it's
not too pink
my house road look at this fatty ball of
business Betty using a sunset I don't on
train YUM look at this thing we love
muqdad boobs should we get some eating
shot to this one oh now or my phone mmm
that's so good see we're walking to town
cuz we're like rooster like that drive
it the exercise and no I got a
McDonald's every day for breakfast not
just kidding I wish I could god never be
mean minus the fact that I probably put
on like 20 kgs the bacon in the mail no
bagels are supposed to be the best type
of breed you can have yep like I don't
know something about its got like the
least sleep creep in it ya think ya up
there and then the worst ones you can
have crystal cuz it's just clutter I
don't know
don't show you in your pen we just went
shopping because okay okay so we just
meet more own shopping and spend far too
much money the op shop think I old sweet
and got Joey Joey and some support was
they have a mentor
we're going to victory is some shorts
don't wave my camera this is my friend
Kelly everyone liked your bullet video
Kelly this is the day you should do some
more you got like a head your thumbs up
and it was only like Stephen pumps down
or just like that I can have put that
face before I know you're what I want
some additional I should buy some guy's
t-shirt because they have like cool like
graphic design stuff on them these are
kind of cute
hey shameless vlogging
favorite boy yep
he goes Christmas
p
everyone's looking at me like I'm weird
I look like a widow hi so no new things
yet we've got anything else feel like
steak came out in America target open
Walmart is that hot is that came out a
couple it'll warm you guys what do you
hear I think it's Walmart Walmart
fuckina me I want a bikini
