hey guys so I got a question on this
blog channel someone asked me how like I
kind of don't get affected by like
haters and don't take notice of them I
think something like that basically like
what I do about haters to not feel real
stink about myself just listed on my
floor excuse all the lake bottles and
stuff I still haven't cleaned up from
this weekend there's a lots of people in
this room far too many that should ever
fit in my room but I'm anyway so when
someone is nasty to me on the Internet I
don't know like it's not really it
doesn't really affect me because this is
really hard to explain but like you have
to think to yourself if you're making
videos and someone sees something nasty
they're not the one making videos
they're not the ones putting themselves
out there they could be a five-year-old
they could be one of five like a 12 year
old or something like I recently had
this little girl on one of my videos
like abusing me and abusing some other
people that wrote comments on one of my
videos and I went on to her channel to
blocker and she hid her video up and she
was actually like nine like you just
have to think like you can't take these
people seriously they could be like guys
sitting there like 12 year old boys they
could be like 50 year old woman that
have never been married and have 20,000
cats he will always going to criticize
you even in real life people are always
doing it like behind your back and stuff
like people you walk down the street and
some girl will be like oh look at that
too most of the time it's just jealousy
um and on YouTube I feel like it's just
so nasty especially with all these like
websites with people like gold in these
websites just a dis people and it's
actually like like on the Google sat
website I went on there and I'm like
just claimers and stuff they're like
this is not a hate website this is
purely gossip and you go on to all these
poor girls like like 32 they're all
these people were just going on about
them and it is hey it's not like oh did
you know that this chick I don't know
got pregnant at 15 it's more like that
checks so fair and she still ugly and
she thinks she's all that but you know
what I mean like it's just hate so
you've really just got to ignore it you
know who you are like like me
i know i'm not trying to something here
i know i'm not ugly i don't think i'm
like a friggin supermodel the hottest
check out or anything like that but i
know i'm not ugly so someone calls me
ugly i'm not going to let their bring me
down and if someone calls me overweight
I'm not gonna leave they bring me down
because I'm no I'm not overweight um
just like be happy in your body like
even if you are like a bigger size it
doesn't mean that you're ugly like I see
tons of girls they're like bigger and
they're still gorgeous and they still
like rock with of God and they still
like look amazing in their clothes and
everything like you just have to be
confident I suppose dealing with people
that are rude and stuff on YouTube I
just block people I don't give them two
chances if they say one like mean thing
on my channel I will block them if they
say one mean thing like replace someone
else's comment that dive with me I will
blot them like I do not like deal with
that because there's all these other
people on my videos that are reading
these comments and they could get
offended not just like me like these
people are like hurting other people as
well especially when they start fighting
with them I'd like fights break out of
my videos and I don't even know because
the comments don't even come to my email
and someone will message me like this
person is fighting with me and it's
really really nasty and I kind of don't
get how people can do that kind of thing
because like and Michael's right now
we're learning all about morals like and
I don't know I was just thinking as we
were learning about it like these people
on YouTube don't have morals like they
think that it's okay to go on the
internet in bully people and that's all
it is it's just bullying like you get
torn school do not cyberbully don't text
bully like we used to have text bleating
signs all over the place because it was
such a big problem but now everyone's
just on the internet and it's almost
like those people that have been teased
or something else they think they can
have like an alter ego on the internet
and then just start teasing other people
to make themselves feel better but
seriously if you think that like teasing
another person is going to make you feel
better about yourself like that's just
so wrong like my morals I could never go
on to another girls like page and go oh
you look so ugly like type type type I
mean that's just so rude and it's so
mean and I don't know I just don't know
how people can do that like
I don't know how they were raised or
what like I don't I'm not trying to
sound mean here like they could be
perfectly nice people but they just I
don't even well usually no because
perfectly nice people wouldn't do that
it's just a really complicated situation
I think and it's never going to get
better I mean if you are going to start
YouTube videos you're going to get
eventually like it's inevitable um you
pretty much just have to remember as I
said like you know who are the only
opinions of yourself that meta yours and
your family is it may be like your
friends like your clothes screens like
anyone else they don't matter as long as
you know that you're a good person just
remember that you're a good person and
don't be one of those low-lives that sit
there on the internet and bully other
people because like it's just going to
bite them in the ass like if you're
making videos just remember don't listen
to them it's gonna be there there's
always going to be these low-lives and
yeah just like if you're that worried
about it just take readings off your
videos like make your comments like
approval only you just can filter them
out just delete the comment don't bother
like sometimes I reply back to people
just because they're like idiots and
like I think it's funny will anything
like eventually you get to the point
where it's just funny like people are
trying to be mean but it's just so
immature and it's like seriously you
guys are we still in like you know I
like you know what I mean I'm just
moving again okay so yeah like sometimes
I would get real cut-up about it like I
get real upset when people have the
wrong idea of me like sometimes like
i'll be talking to friends with me and
they'll be like oh you know blah blah
like some random person that you've seen
around or something they like oh they
think that you're like a total snob ikaw
and I kind of like but I'm not like and
that's what keeps maps is not what
people say necessarily like that it's
pudding there's more that people have
the wrong idea of me and that swings
sometimes like I get upset by hate like
if people are saying something and it's
really not true at all and it's just
like anyone in the world could look on
their page and see these comments about
them just believe it because people are
really easily influence on they like
they can go on the internet and read
anything and they'll believe it so like
I just don't want people to get the
wrong idea from me like I am a nice
person well in my opinion I'm a nice
person
um and you know I don't know I just
don't want people to be like oh my god
she's such a cow whatever when yeah I
think you guys get what I'm trying to
say here this is like the randomest rap
video even when it's not right it was
kind of requested I get this question
all the time so yeah if you're wondering
what's up my lips that's make impatient
and I hope you guys have an awesome day
and I what do you saying bye
