hey guys sorry about the real cool angle
and face at the moment I just thought
I'd do like a really really really quick
um literally like three minute update
just pull for my deck its women here's
me talking about talking about myself
talking to myself he thinks it's really
hilarious so I just avoid doing that
around him did my nails last night this
one creeps me out I did them in the dark
and I realized after I put the acrylic
on this one it's like so good it makes
my finger look broken the Restall good
but um um in my latest video I lots of
people are asking or saying what is that
in your gum do you have your gum piece
yes I do some of you guys did have been
watching me for ever you guys know that
I've had a pierced for ages I think I've
had it pierced for like two and a half
years I don't even know I'm just making
it up so it's like the end of fifth form
beginning your sixth form this is
probably like sixteen just I don't know
that if you want to see what it looks
like real attractive um it's called a
smiley piercing because it's smile I
used to have my frowny face down here I
used to have underneath my tongue
pierced that if you want to know more
about it go to my piercing into video on
my other channel and I've been
neglecting this channel a bit just
because I've been super busy you might
know this if you like follow me on
Twitter and Facebook and stuff I'm sorry
my fear is just annoying me hello um but
I am in my last four weeks of beauty and
it's super stressful and I've got so
many assignments to finish after that I
mean some holidays so all good I can't
get back into vlogging so if you've got
any topics to talk about right here
while I'm in beard then leave them down
below and I'll do them um I don't really
like to do following me around videos
just because I live in like New Zealand
so small like and if I just do videos of
me walking around it's kind of creepy
because people could totally stalk me so
easy but I'll do follow me around videos
again when I go traveling and stuff like
that so yeah I don't know what else to
talk about
be honest Halloween this weekend I'm
doing like five people's makeup so I'm
going to try and video at all and upload
it
even though to be like you literally
like the day before Halloween I still
think I'll upload it just because it'll
be fun to watch it might give people
ideas for next year I'm doing some
freelance makeup on the weekend first
time I've ever done makeup on a stranger
I'm pretty nervous I've never even met
the person who I'm doing it for it's for
a glamour shoot I won't say too much
because I don't want to invade anyone's
privacy or anything like that but I'm
yeah what else I have no idea just been
pretty busy sorry I haven't been
uploading on this channel again um I
guess that's about it just felt like
talking one day I'm gonna do a video
when I like it either year-old or video
and um talk to you guys about the course
I'm doing because the lots of people
always asked what I do I'll show you
guys some of my work and stuff
everything that would be pretty cool
yeah I'll just go down cuz there's being
awkward
um I talk to you soon by the way I
haven't got any lipstick on it's why my
lips look commanded by
