hey guys I felt like doing a vlog thing
today I'm also going to ask those
questions that I asked on Facebook if
you don't follow my facebook like share
nukes or YouTube page
I asked question I mean I asked you guys
to ask me questions to do like question
answers video because I love watching
you so yeah um I might do another one if
this goes well also so today I just
finished filming my favorite MEK
eyeshadows eyeshadow palette video just
the purple one because I'm doing H
palette in a separate video because
otherwise it would take me forever
it'd be really boring to watch um I'm
gonna film a favorites video so not like
it's a team of favorites whatever wait
is it September yeah I think September
favorites because I'm just gonna do
current favorites because it's just a
phone be using over the last few months
um yeah something here then this morning
it pissed me off not cuz I'm offended
but just cuz it's so stupid like the
stupidest thing ever seriously someone
like went on forum spring and they're
all like Oh something like no offense
well you already know that it's gonna be
a bad comment no I like you're quite
overweight do you give me x ur sighs OH
are you serious and they sit in a really
nice way as well which made me been like
weeded out because it's like a perfectly
normal person they're saying that good
thing and I'm not pissed off because of
me I'm pissed off because like I am not
faired like I have a fit face I have
like the mid double chin
gosh you see some like sighs forgetting
zero girls with like double chins okay
what do you I don't care it's a double
chin hey um but like it's just so rude
I'm serious people they're bigger than
me like could watch them I hope I don't
sound mean saying this but you know what
I mean like anyone else could go like
see their and feel bad about themselves
and I don't want that that's just rude
okay seriously I'm not fat and I'm not
being vain or anything I just know I'm
not fair it's just a fact
it's just stupid also what else how I
mean what I was gonna say I was gonna
say something else but I forgot so I'm
just going to do the question then
answers right now and I cannot say
myself because I'm looking on my page
hit the questions okay okay there's 26
on her on my lips I have Kosta chic by
the way okay
Angela asked what's your favorite
product like out of I'm just go say
makeup I suppose hem is a general term I
would probably say like lipstick at the
moment I'm a big lipstick junkie not to
say what if I was gonna leave the house
that would be the only thing I wear but
I just think lipstick is like the best
thing ever
my favorite one at the moment um it's
probably still India or playing coy I
make India by next Black Label lipstick
okay at least I'm sorry if I say her
name like wrong and see that Alicia
Alissa it's one o'clock I seriously need
to mute that okay she stayed how about
does Joe Sparrow tenor hurt not at all
and it felt like if you get a fine set
pin and you draw on yourself that's all
it felt like okay I can't even show it
it's not all good place
yeah didn't hurt the part of her more
was the shading but seriously a totally
bearable
and uni are you taking any makeup
classes nope is that what you want to
pursue makeup no probably not
have you ever been to America no I
haven't but I would absolutely love to
like well I've loved love to I might try
to plan a trip with it like the next
five years or something or maybe after I
finished studying I might save up and go
for a trip before I start getting into a
like real hard job okay probably yeah
makeups way way shop it yeah shopping
shopping is way way cheaper the unit New
Zealand I know you're Americans have no
idea how lucky you are seriously what do
you study here nice is inner I study as
a baby you can google it ba VI basically
I myself it's like a visual arts degree
bachelor bachelor but I'm doing web
design design and photography top five
make eyeshadows
off the top of my head blent type blue
satin taupe run and I don't know
beautiful iris I have lots of favorites
though that's just some of the ones I
love how old are you I'm 19
how long have you and your boyfriend
been dating asked Tyler and we have been
together for nearly five years what is
your favorite drugstore foundation
concealer seeds Angelica favorite
concealer is that Maybelline age rewind
one love it but it's like discontinued
so you have to get online favorite
drugstore foundation real on color stay
or Revlon Photoready probably we're
blood color stay that's like those two
foundations they're only foundations I
trust I don't like any others as much
you're all so beautiful what product did
use I'm sorry I don't really know what
that means um Frances asked why did you
start making makeup tutorials I started
I mentioned this in my youtube youtube
story video because when I was watching
YouTube videos like my account sees it's
made like blah blah blah mm something
but for like probably a year I just
watch youtube videos on that account and
then I could never find anyone from New
Zealand who did any kind of videos so I
made one because I was like I'm sick of
this yeah umm what's the most you've
ever spent on one order or shopping trip
for makeup they would probably have to
be when I went over to like London in
like Europe at the beginning of this
year I saved up a lot of money for that
um I'm sorry I've got crazy miser I just
finished eating lunch I had crushed
crushed kids crust gets those crackers
with tomato and cream cheese and pepper
that was amazing
I want more um probably when I went to
Europe I went shopping at MEC in London
and I bought like a heap load of stuff
it was probably like 300 something New
Zealanders and one thing it's probably
the most is being at one point god I
hate to think how much money I've spent
on makeup over my entire life though
that would just be thousands of dollars
probably that's really say
what is your favorite type of music says
Casey I seriously love everything at the
moment I'm loving dubstep and like kind
of alternative music I see hot out into
like dthe middle and just middle rock I
heard a phase where I was hot out into
RMP hip-hop I still love all of those
things I love everything even some opera
I can stand I used to hate it I can kind
of listen to some of it now like it's
really weird I just find so many
different genres of music are amazing
and have amazing songs and I just like
to listen to a variety how long did it
take for you to grow as long as it is um
well I think it was about two and a half
nearly three years ago I took my hair
off it my shoulders so it's grown down
to my belly button now so about two
years what is one thing that you must
take with you when you're going up the
only thing I take every time as my keys
to be honest sometimes I leave my phone
at home yeah I just pretty much take
what is this in my handbag I take my
handbag wherever I go so I needed to a
new what's my bag tag okay Francis said
are they any wives tales of Miss that
your parents used to tell you as a child
that you believed one of the things my
parents used to tell me was if I didn't
go to school and if I pretended to be
sick so I got out of school the cops
would come and arrest me and take me to
jail and I really thought that was true
but I don't think it is um do you like
beyonce is tonisha I'm sorry if I say
all the names wrong um yes I love her
what songs so many one of my favorite
since their ego song I don't know I just
there's something about it that I love
favorite plants that you've ever been to
um
buddy pins one that's really said are
things like gigs and like stuff like
that like I used to go to stomach all
the time if you love him Palmer you
probably not that is um the only one sir
I think the bento was true 'bless when I
was like younger and I said that almost
channel to one time um clear in what was
your first make lipstick you bought well
your first makeup on my first ever
makeup product I can't even remember
because I used to get makeup given to me
like by my mom or whatever
and but what did she give me what did i
buy I think I bought a blue eyeliner I
was like what my first thing that was
really cool um my first MAC lipstick I
think it was I can't remember what it
was called but it was from trade me and
it was I can't remember was with like a
special edition but the first one I
bought from like a mac store was
probably myth and pretty pretty please
or something
is it pretty please or something else I
don't know these two that I gave my
stuff on Ashley stayed a few $1,000
shopping spree at one store what would
it be and how long would it take you to
spend at all one store I would probably
just go with farmers and I would just
buy crap loads of YSL and like all those
other brands they were amazing and or
like cocoa lien stains no I would change
that Cocola instead so I could get Meg
YSL apparently these knives down there
now I don't know um I just buy a light
all that crap about buy perfumes and I'd
buy perfume for my mom and my family and
friends and I just buy like crap loads
of stuff and it would probably only take
me I don't know I probably in there all
day but I would spend it I could I would
um fee I'm sorry if I said that wrong as
well best neutral or nudish glosses in
lipsticks glosses i really like floor
abundance by Nick lipsticks nude lips
node node neutral nude like beige nude
maybe mess cream cup
no not cream cup that's kind of pink
cream denote cream new it's a really
good one by Mac um
Margarita's said what is your workout
routine everyday I don't really I don't
exercise everyday but like every day I
do geek sir science because at my youth
like university you call course I walk
around so much like like even and breaks
like me my friend just walk and we
always have sore feet by the end of the
day so I do walk quite a lot maybe three
times
week I will get on my cross trainer
elliptical I hit on a really really high
resistance sitting so that it really
works out my legs
sorry um now do that for about twenty to
thirty minutes and I'll do like eighteen
fifteen minutes of just like simple
weights crunches
stuff like that um new seed of what do
you bought me for my birthday that is my
mum's fiance idiot um Trevor slow
favourite things or phrases to say my I
don't really know I don't really say the
same thing all the time I'm not sure you
guys would probably know that better
than me because you guys watch me um
Emma any suggestions and or advice to
those of us who want to miss you making
YouTube videos in the future watch my
youtube story thing and I forgot to say
in that video do video responses but
your response is Dylan and awesome not
annoying way to get noticed someone
might notice but you know without don't
being one of those annoying people that
can puts a completely irrelevant video
there's a bigger response like favorite
perfume video and then their video
response you owe my clothing haul like
that's just annoying um Ashley see what
was the TV show you had to watch when
you're a kid um I used to love the
Simpsons I I remember that used to be on
a like 5:30 at night and every single
day I would watch it and I think I've
seen like almost every Simpsons episode
ever what is your favorite food I have
so many I love anything with the whipped
cream I've said that before like cream
cream cheese like donuts with cream in
name and like anything screaming them
and I love like sweet stuff like from
the bakery
I love pie can you guys tell me and like
American stuff do you guys eat pies like
mince pies mister cheese steak and
cheese pies like I'm sure you guys only
like sit like yeah does your pies like
berry pies and stuff but I've never
really hear anyone say that they make
pies I think it must be like a Kiwi
thing since I'm a Kiwi I should probably
say people over hippo fur is amazing I
love my rings and stuff like that and I
don't really like lollies in chocolate
but
I like chocolate bits on stuff like in a
chocolate eclair or whatever you know
like the things with cream in the back
cat said if you had to leave your house
without any makeup but you can only
choose one eye makeup I was put on what
would you choose mascara because I have
like blonde eyelashes but not blonde
they're just like invisible have you
ever ordered of crushed cosmetics do you
know if they're any good to get our
stuff from no idea I've never ordered
from them I don't really think they have
that amazing deals I don't know there's
just me but here's the people have
recommended them to me so yeah
such as the questions done um if there's
any more questions you want to know
maybe just write them down below
look at this cool off I have well I
still do you guys like when you go out
to town you know you have like three
showers later and you still have these
friggin stamps on you I can never get
them off I have it does problem all the
time well it's only the high flyers when
like you can only just see the beer
barrel one
the Melba's one who's come off this
seriously um I suppose I'll just finish
this video now because it's really long
um I hope you guys liked it
hello Jake hey my hair looks really
funny now um I just remembered what I
wanted to say it's just that's my hair
first so I don't want like a fool um
Miss pissed me off on YouTube well not
really cuz I was reading that like girl
gossip website about me because it's
like pathetic someone like get messaged
me and said that there was all this
stuff on it again so I went on and like
well these people always criticize my
fashion and that pisses me off like
style is like so personal and like I do
after the days and like they'll probably
like the videos they get the moister
slice on let's be honest but I don't
care because it's my style and obviously
not everyone's gonna like it pisses me
off when people are like oh you look
like a skank or something just because
I'm showing my legs and it's like um I'm
short if I cover my legs I look like I'm
like 4 feet tall um I'm not a real short
on my 360 4 centimeters tall
but like I love my legs I'm sorry I'm
gonna say that I like my legs I like the
shape of them and I'm gonna show them
off and it's summer I'm gonna wear
shorts I'm gonna wear short shorts get
over it
New Zealanders you guys know we're all
free interests like that we'd like to
wear short shorts and stuff like that
but then there's other people that'll
like oh she dresses way too juicy and I
just want to say this because I know
there's going to be other people like
this too but people think that I don't
dress casual enough and people like if I
write casual in the time on video
they're like eh you saying that's casual
2-meters like not casual casual like
some so many people use their own casual
means fit pants trick pants and like a
t-shirt or something like that but to be
honest I don't feel comfortable in that
it's not casual for me if I went out of
the house wearing track pants and all
like fat pants
I feel so from P and so ugly and
paranoid and I feel like people are
looking at me like that's just what goes
through my head
I don't like Queen those kind of clothes
they're not comfortable for me they
don't make me feel comfortable I feel
more comfortable wearing you know just
like a nice top and some nice pants or
jeans or whatever the hell I wear that
pisses me off and people say like oh she
must stick out like a sore thumb and I'm
like thinking because at Michaels it's
really like a high school it wasn't like
this but at Michael's that do now this
heaps of girls they dress up like not
heaps but I do notice like around where
my area is there are girls that we heels
and I don't we heels every day but there
are girls that we heels and there are
girls that we are like tidy tops and
skirts like I do and it's just sorry to
rise at you guys but I just want to talk
to people that probably know what I mean
it's like if you don't like my style I
don't mind my up for the days are there
for people that like my style and even
if you don't like my style you might see
something in there that you like like
some jewelry or a top or something that
you could dress up in your own style and
it's absolutely fine
