hi guys excuse my glasses I just got
these I ordered them off that clearly
context thingy how you get free glasses
you like their Facebook page and think
about coupon codes all the time anyway
and this so trippy and I've got like
little Love Hurts on them so today I'm
going to do my youtube story because I
saw a fishy no Catherine like my my babe
friend on YouTube um I really want to
sit this down somewhere hold on let me
just perfect
okay so my youtube story and I'm gonna
show you was some stuff I bought so
because I don't want to do a whole my
other channel um we the reason I started
making YouTube videos is purely because
I was obsessed with watching YouTube
videos mainly Britney girl one Farfan it
and some other people but I was obsessed
and I was trying my hardest to find New
Zealand beauty beauty guru okay this
isn't working for me
I'm sorry the Lighting's kind of bed
it's like sunny everywhere it's such a
nice afternoon anyway um so yeah I was
looking everywhere for a New Zealand
guru and there was none anywhere and I
didn't I wasn't I'm not naming myself a
guru or anything because I don't know I
don't really know what a guru defines
I'm just someone that's sharing my
tricks and tips with you guys but you
anyways um so I was like damn it I'm
gonna do it myself and was one of the
best decisions I ever made I think I
look weird with glasses on don't I
anyway I made some videos I didn't even
upload them because they were just
ridiculous
I made his videos I used to delete them
all the time and but the one you
shouldn't delete them and as far as
self-promotion we I didn't really go sub
to me blah blah blah I kind of I did
what I don't mind like if people do it
to me I kind of was like hey do you mind
checking out my chair I did a writer
debris on the page I would like message
people or I'd like just mention it like
I don't know wherever like blog TV and
stuff I just say oh you know I've got a
new channel could you give me some
feedback it wasn't necessarily saying
can you go sub to me like I'll sub 2 bit
kind of think it was just like oh cheat
me out because I really I really
wanted feedback on how I could improve
my videos because obviously they were
very crap back then so yeah that was
that and eventually people just started
like subscribing to me wasn't rocket
science like you know what I mean I feel
like if you got to people and say stuff
this up they'll sub to you because they
want your sub but they're never gonna
watch your videos so your videos I'm
never gonna get washed
they'll have no videos like it's it just
doesn't work that way like you only gain
views by having genuine subscribers and
like that's what you'll notice like no
one ever gets as many views as many
subscribers they have because they just
have people that subscribe to them for
the hell of it one day and then never
visit your videos again which I usually
subscribe to people like that but some
people don't so as far as like people
always ask me
aren't you scared like your friends are
gonna find out and stuff like let me
just say this if you want to start a
YouTube channel and you're scared of
like people at your school finding out
and you think your life would be
unbearable if they found out
seriously just don't bother because I
hear people saying that all the time
it's like honestly they are going to
find out like the world is a small place
especially in New Zealand if you're in
New Zealand it's like two degrees of
separation like someone you know would
know someone you know it's like like
I've had my friends going out with
people and meeting out with people in
town and they're like oh my gosh Shannon
so it's like my friends meet people they
know subscribe to me like it's just it's
bizarre let me tell you guys my
principal found out about my videos I
don't even know if him all my teachers
will be watching this because some of my
teachers all teachers watch my videos
people from my old school are seeing
people from uni watch them like my
videos have been on the homepage and
people will just see me and they're like
hey she isn't very made videos and
honestly I don't even care I just like I
tell people I do I don't I'm not ashamed
of it if you're one of those people that
you would just be like oh my god if
someone found out about your videos like
they will find out trust me they will
I've been there done there and yeah and
if you think it's a bad thing it feels
like the first time one person found out
I was kinda like like kind of unsure
like it wasn't a big deal I knew it
would happen eventually like in a
you like me then just don't because it's
not a big deal like hopefully you'll be
as lucky as me and just have people that
don't really care
you should bring so many cool
opportunities not just like the free
stuff and the money and all that kind of
thing that's more like I'm so glad the
one reason I am so glad I made YouTube
videos in the first place is because
I've made so many friends like actual
legit friends people like TX people i
chat on facebook like friends not just
you know and even my subscribers o
subscribers that I talk to all the time
on Twitter and like my Facebook page and
just like you know what I mean I just
think it's such a cool thing you know
like the money it's a bonus I mean to be
making money out of doing something you
love I wouldn't call this a job but I
mean it helps and it's not a great deal
of money like when you kind of think of
it as and compared to a real job kind of
thing it's more like a bonus because
it's paying for the stuff that we need
like to make these videos you know I
mean like I bought like a $500 camera I
don't necessarily have that money but
it's like the money that I've made off
YouTube is going to us paying it off
kind of thing and like you know what I
mean like it's like when people are
making videos to make money you can tell
you can like people like I'll just
subscribe to me on a winch winch winch
I'm not making partner and wind ruined
ruined my videos aren't getting enough
used to make money and blah blah blah
and it's like that it just comes off
through people people don't do videos to
get free stuff I've seen girls channels
that are free free free free free free
free stuff and it pisses me off I'm like
are you serious you're doing these
videos just to get free stuff like if
you want something buy it like I feel
like like I do take stuff for free you
guys have seen that I've done sponsor
videos like these islands right behind
me are free we're over there they're
gone okay
but I think I've said this before but I
only take products from companies that I
actually genuinely think my subscribers
would be interested
I've had tons of companies message me
with like the creepy makeup line so I'm
just like no or people contacted me
about makeup brushes and you guys know
how much I love makeup brushes but they
cost like $30 for an eyeshadow brush I'm
like my subscribers don't want to pay
that back if they wanted to pay that
much they'd go to make you know what I
mean so you can totally tell just don't
be one of those girls that just a
complete sellout that's just I just yes
sorry I'm just like going I'm just just
just bit yes same with my subscribers
like I always like I get so excited when
I reach a milestone like oh my god I
just hit like 15,000 subscribers or
whatever like they're like it's so
awesome but some people get hung up in
the number and it's not about the number
you know what I mean
I don't know it's hard to explain do
videos because you love making videos
like you can tell when girls love making
videos like me I just love making videos
them I hope that that radiates into my
and my laughs and like when I watch my
mates on YouTube like you can just tell
like they just radiate you know you can
just tell that they love making videos
just for making videos sake and just to
help other girls and it's just awesome
like I love making new friends on here
and I think it was just such an awesome
like kind of opportunity and thing to
take up and if you have been thinking
about making videos but you're too
scared about your friends finding out at
school or whatever
honestly unleash like ice at the
beginning or the one of those girls that
would actually die if they found out
just do it because it's not as bad as
you think
yeah as I said I just tell people now
like oh yeah I make youtube videos and
blah blah blah and people like well it's
really cool I didn't even know that
could happen kind of thing I just get so
annoyed when girls are like I can't get
partnership blah blah blah and they go
on like it's the end of the world and
it's like did you only start making
videos to get partnered when I first
started making videos I didn't even know
you could get free stuff or get money or
anything so yeah honestly make a channel
especially if you're in New Zealand us
New Zealanders need to like take over
the world I'm serious I was talking to
in love it's love loves makeup last
night about this I was like we need to
take over the world one Beauty person at
a time
but yeah um honestly like and it will
piss me off if you come on to my channel
and go hey stop the sub or hey that's up
to you do you wanna check out my channel
it's like you only sub to me because you
want me to look at your channel like I
don't want subscribers like that I'm
sorry do I come off sounding really like
E like nasty like a big cow I'm sorry if
I do but I'm just expressing my opinions
right now these are like my tips on how
to not get hated it on YouTube seriously
there's another thing actually like
haters on YouTube honestly you just you
just don't don't take notice of them
seriously they're like these anonymous
people that are sitting on the keyboard
Aamir saying oh my god you're so ugly
and oh my god you talk so funny and it's
just I find it so funny most of the time
like someone
what if someone say to me one time I'll
win like I was doing my eyebrows I
looked my brush to make the pigment like
a gel no like oh my god I hope you're
not a makeup artist oh that's so nasty
and so classy and I was like do you
really think I would do that someone
else I'm sorry but okay um
yeah I felt lots of videos today it was
pretty effect so try and get them up
eventually and I am so into color right
now like colored clothing like this
thing I'm wearing sequins shorts right
now I got so many compliments during the
day it was epic people like where did
you get those sequins short stretch oh I
did an outfit of the day but yeah
they're pretty epic
so yeah back to the purpose of the video
if you want to do it just do it and the
more people they find out the easier
that's the only thing people really
worry about when they ask me these
questions like how do you deal with
people finding out and if people give
you a hard time about it just be like
yeah whatever I'm making friends I'm
giving myself all these opportunities
blah blah blah and they can just get
stuffed you just got to kind of do it
for yourself do it for yourself and
you'll feel like I don't know like it
will just radiate into your videos and
people will say that and it's what
people like I love watching girls where
I can just tell that they're just fun
happy people okay seriously this color
is stirring up my collarbones
yeah don't do it just because you want
to be liked or professional and like
perfect I know in some of my videos I'm
really really like blah blah blah
because I'm like tired and some of them
I just want to go make and delete some
of theirs but some of them are like my
most viewed videos and like hits the
people are still visiting them for like
like reviews and stuff they still
visiting them to get reviews on the
products picking on me so yeah I don't
delete them but I'm just like blah blah
blah because I'm so tired
and then when I'm like normal I'm so
hyper like what I am now I'm just like
buzzed it out because it's like sunny
outside it doesn't so yeah and like
you'll always have people that are so
supportive
one of my friends wants to be in one of
my videos so she'll be in one so when I
get around to filming her putting on
your makeup or something like that so
yeah just do it just do it just do it
ask any of us New Zealand girls it's
awesome I'm sure all of us have people
that have found out about us
and it's not a big deal um yeah is this
the end if people make fun of you just
be like stuff you I don't really care
just seriously just trick yourself into
it if you do care just be like no I
don't care thank you should I show you
what I got today I wasn't supposed to
shop but really shows head eh it was a
deal it was three $14 accessories and
I'm saving like no one's business so
because I'm saying it was something very
special I can't tell you but um I have
like no nice spring accessories or I was
just like feeling like I needed some
even though I'm worried like a billion
things right now but that doesn't count
so I only speak well only I spent $40
but I got one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
things saved 124 dollars I don't know if
you'll be able to read it there we go
total savings 124 dollars anyway so I
got some earrings I feel like I'm back
in my like mid you two days rest filming
on my netbook and they'll across this
because crosses our psyche yep
and really I just wanted these like
blingy ones at the top yeah I don't know
where I put mine
I got this little cross necklace because
I just think crosses are really really
pretty I'm not religious but I just I
love the symbol I just think it's a
really like nice pretty and it stands
for good things so I like that it was
just a ring and they may got this bangle
I'm not gonna bother telling you how
much everything used to be because I
can't be bothered but I got this bangle
it's really really pretty and it looks
really really nice with the color I'm
wearing right now like that yellow light
it just kind of looks cool like the
goalie and it's my good god gold color
it's kind of like a light gold color
like it was lightened and then I got oh
I love this okay this is so pretty and
there was a pink one too but I already
have like some pink stone rings like
that from when I had but it's like a
green one in it so it's really cool with
the color I'm wearing I'm loving color
blocking right now not that eye color
blue color block properly but I've been
like color blocking using a color and
then accessories and lipstick so yeah I
think that is so pretty and I just love
like rocks like in general like the rock
design and rings is like my favorite
thing ever
and it's got one of these stretchy bands
that it's really comfortable to wear and
then I got these rings here and there's
just three and it's got like another
rock Wow
there we go you can see it now and I
love the veining that you get on rocks I
love the turquoise ones which I got one
I'll show you soon but I just thought
would be really pretty like you can be
tons of rings okay then on and I'll show
you because I got the blue ones too
turquoise ones and I just put them on
this one and you could just like mix up
what dooper fingers you hit them all on
cuz then I got this big one which goes
with this one it's a big giant it's the
big money so you can like we're
different handed ones if I take off this
ring up those ring I've got ages ago I
can't remember we're from probably a
quote because I sent you everything I've
got green finger and yes I know you can
just paint what does it clear nail
polish on top of it but I'm waiting
I just get green finger but yeah so you
can have them and I'm not actually cut I
was just drawing cuts on myself and
photography because I was so bored
Oh like hey Kelly I cut myself it's just
it's just repeating did anyone else used
to do that I used it all the time in
there my faves wish oh my god I'm gonna
break these like the first time I wear
them I could just see it look at him
yeah I got this little cross one and the
reason I got lots of these like grow
dainty ones is because I want to lay
them and it's just a little cross charts
that's the back because I gleaned it's
just like playing so I thought that
would look pretty blah
oh my god this so much trick okay I mean
oh jesus this is nasty I got two of the
same one but ones and golden ones and
silver that was teasing me
alright on the way my boyfriend's coming
um untangle it but it's basically a
really long one Nicholas and it's got
little pink stones and little swallows
and we all know how much are those two
willows still swallows because I've got
some tattooed on my arms yeah in the end
I got the blue one is the took place and
swallow one same thing so yeah I could
like we're like this and in the little
cross it would look cute and then I got
this one too which is really really
dainty and playing and I think I'm gonna
break this one really really quick so it
looks like this got a little love heart
there and then a little cross so yeah I
could layer them all together and have
lots of little cute chains and stuff
with it's all I got
and I'm getting these glasses in purple
too next time one of those sails comes
on I'm getting him a purple and I just
did a hole this morning now I look plain
maybe I do like them I did a hole this
morning in an outfit of the day and a
make up kind of like I did my makeup
tutorial in the morning kind of thing my
here's I want I dyed my regrowth finely
because it was terrible and I really
want to do ombre hair
um maybe I don't know so yeah that's it
I think I rambled on for long enough and
I'll talk to you guys soon bye make a
youtube channel
