I've been wanting to do a video with
deeper for the longest time so Judy did
a liver cookies tasty I know but you
love them don't you d fur it's his
name's Dee for my dad called and deeper
we got unlike I think he's like eight
now sipping all right and he is
beautiful and he still looks like a
puppy of you can't tell like seriously
is a lil puppy eyes he is a half rodt
weiller in half boxer but you couldn't
tell by looking at them possess the
biggest suck year half back here is my
other little attention seeker hey porky
it says birthday today I got him two
years ago for dads fat secrecy so he's
got a couple of different tricks deeper
growl growl growl see he's getting
camera shy growl deeper growl good boy
yum yum yum yum yum he just lays his
liver cookie take that now sometimes he
growls before you speak so hopefully
he'll speak first time speak speak good
boy yak new robot on me what else can
you do deeper they ask can you do he can
cuddle let you stand up and you pick
your shoulders and he'll hug you but it
can high-five and use your shakes hands
with the other hand shake hands yeah you
can
now let's do a roll over roll over roll
over yeah bully they look how cute he is
he's got some great liaison his chin now
I don't know that's all I wanted to show
you he can't fetch I'm not kidding he
can't Kenya he's you're stealing yeah
yeah but just so you know so try to rob
my house because he is actually really
aggressive when he wants to be ain't you
hey and he's really cute if a siren goes
by like an ambulance or police car or
something he like does is really funny
how is that oh whoa whoa it's so cute he
cries what are you doing he was looking
for more treats but he doesn't need any
because he's fat he's not that fat but
he's cute he needs a buff and there's my
little man that is my birthday give me a
teacher and my dog collects rubbish he
will go through the bin if we live like
they would open a bit it will go through
the bin and rip out all the stuff and
drink it all over the house there is a
bad idea not him he will do it he is the
rubbish rubbish man deficit / 5
