who wants treats porkchop yeah so I'm
doing the weird what's it called the
weird tag I don't even know ok so the
first question is what's a nickname ok
I'm sorry he's really annoying but he
will not go away
what's a nickname only your family calls
you shush well it's a nickname only your
family calls you come here
that would be bun that sounds like a
really random random is a nickname but
it originated from my mum's friend when
my mum was pregnant he called me bun in
the oven and then when I was born it was
just fun and I still get called bun
these days so it's a really random name
but yeah I get called bad what's a weird
habit of yours
umm I wiggle my toes that drives my
boyfriend bonkers like he's like stop
fidgeting your toes like when I'm trying
to sleep I just wiggle my toes I think
I've seen this in another video it's the
only really weird thing I can think of
so yeah they're easy have any weird
phobias um no not really
like I kind of hate it when people throw
the word phobia around like people like
oh my god I have arachnophobia where
they just say they have a reckoner
phobia because they don't like spiders I
don't like spiders but I know I don't
have a wreckin phobia so it's just I
don't know there's pee pee with mine so
I don't really have any weird phobias I
kind of get real awkward when I'm in a
very small room like when I don't have
fresh air like if someone puts a blanket
over my head I get really like freaked
out like I kind of have a little bit of
claustrophobia not hot out um don't
really like Heights all that much I
don't mind being in a plane or anything
like that though um yeah I don't really
have any phobias as such was the song
you secretly love to blossom felt out
when you're alone mmm anything like I
can't even answer that I was like every
type of music like this middle rap R&B
pop rock ething I'll listen to anything
apart from like
some real old-school music is really
sucky but I love like eighties music and
everything like that I don't know I
blast just what if it comes on I really
really love dubstep I kind of dance
around to there in my room when I'm
bored what's putting your best p.p it's
hard to see one what's another one when
should I do a youtube one okay I will
when someone on YouTube comes onto your
channel and sort like hey I love your
channel check out mine blah blah like as
cappuccino I see some of them uneven sub
to you and they're like if they have the
nerve to say come subscribe to me it's
like well it's not like I'm for sub4sub
but like if you're not even someone that
loves my videos why do you even say that
to me like this I hate it when people
just go sub for sub and then lay all
these people wind up with a billion
people that they subscribe to and no one
even watches your videos so what's the
point in having a subscriber if they
don't watch like I don't get it I hate
it when people unbox you and I like can
you give me a shout-out on your video
it's like I'm not just gonna shout you
out just because you asked me like
people don't even know like I shout out
girls on YouTube who I genuinely like
watching so I don't know it just pisses
me off when people try to take shortcuts
like that it's like we all made it out
only you know to where we are on YouTube
so why can't they just do it stop
sneezing why can't they just be genuine
about it as well
which side of the bed you sleep on this
is a tricky one
I'm sorry I might lying to him dude
that's why I look really um I sleep on
the side closest to the TV like in my
room I've changed it around a lot over
like the past few years what are you
doing but I'm like the TV I switch the
sides and I always have to life like
closest to the TV that's just my fire my
boyfriend will come over and he gets
really pissed off and like when I go to
his house his side is the side which the
TV's on but I always have to sleep on
that side I'm just like no this is my
side and he's like but at your house you
sleep on that side but I don't care have
to be close to the TV even though I
don't even watch TV it's just a really
weird thing that I do what was your
first and what was your first stuffed
animal in its name
my first stuffed animal I had to and my
parents bought them for me I don't heads
and show you I'm sorry
but my parents bought them for me when I
was in my mommy's belly and they didn't
know if I was going to be a boy or girl
there were these two giant giant giant
bunny rabbits like huge rabbits there
was one that was pink one that was blue
and they didn't really have names but
there were my first soft toys
what's the trinket always order at
Starbucks caramel Frappuccino YUM I
think I'm just obsessed with cream like
I just love anything with cream on it
well anything that is cream in the name
like salad cream or cream cheese or
anything like that I just love cream
well it's a beer rule that you preach
but never actually practice I don't
preach any beauty rule that I never
practice but I prove some that I don't
always practice I think the major theme
that I tell you guys to do is to wear
primaries if your eyeshadows to like
make the colors more vibrant and stay
longer and lower I don't do that every
day like sometimes I just sleep all
night oh just means that it wears off
easier so that's one of the things which
way do you face in the shower and I face
towards the like hot water and I always
have my showers like as hot as they go
like I will be like a read after I come
out so we had but in some I don't like
them a bit hot but and once I like they
will be like burning burning hot and for
some reason my back like I think my
stomach is addicted to that heat but if
I turn around like my back I'm like oh
like so I have to like turn down them
like heat would I turn around in the
shower to like rinse my back off and
stuff and then when I turn back around
I'm like real cold on my front so I have
to turn the heat back up it's so weird
do you have any weird body skills I
don't think so
I think the weirdest thing I can do is
something that like half and people can
do and half the people can't do that
thing we just like push or like okay
this is an awkward angle just like push
your thumb down just like your forearm
he said people can do it but some people
can't and the people that can't do it
think it's really weird but the people
that can do it think it's nothing like I
never thought it was anything until I
was just like sitting in class doing it
one day and my friend was like I mean
the whole class started up this big
debate on who were doing who couldn't so
I don't know what's your favorite
comfort food that's bear but you eat it
anyways
of pizza or anything with cream on it as
I said like there's some stuff like that
I love desserts I also love nachos
Burger King I love creamy bear burgers
and the rodeo burgers and Hawaiian be
coach Icahn's ha I love Thai food
Chinese food I don't really like a
little bit much I used to like it but I
just don't like how greasy it is and
makes me feel kind of sick sometimes
love lasagna
as a matter of fact I'm cooking lasagna
for dinner tonight it's lamb lasagna
tonight I'm quite excited because
lasagna is the bomb
what's a phrase or exclamation you
always say hi guys no my boyfriend
always makes fun of me if you didn't
notice and like that video when my
boyfriend was doing my makeup he was
like hi guys that was him mocking me and
we took that like three times which is
why I stopped talking like that because
he keep going hi guys I'm talking this
really stupid voice I was like don't do
that
I'm so bossy time to sleep what are you
actually wearing um usually I just sleep
with my brand underwear or like boxers
or a singer I don't know kind of changes
all the time I hate wearing my actual
pyjama pants to be an eyeliner in pajama
pants around the house like pajama pants
and beard always roll up my legs and I
get so uncomfortable and so like I don't
know like it's just uncomfortable what
did you used to wear that you thought
was cool but now you realized that it
wasn't hot I don't really know like I
haven't really worn anything that's like
out of the like real difference or
anything I just wear what everyone well
not really like when I was younger
everyone kind of hit the same style
because that's what happened at school
and stuff like no one really was
different because if you were different
you were weird pretty much and looking
back on it like I remember wearing like
flares and stuff and now I'm like
earthly is that now please like coming
back into fashion so I don't know I
prefer skinny jeans 115 but then I used
to hate skinny jeans I thought that was
so ugly until I tried someone like a
year after the horan fashion and then I
liked them okay so that's the end of the
tag if you want to do it post a video
response I can watch it it was requested
to do this by some of my subscribers and
also I was tagged by a few people so I
hope you enjoy and
Jason I
