hey guys logging time not vlogging time
I'm sorry about my appearance I just got
back from class but I wanted to tell you
about my morning I started off with the
worst morning ever so mine was i yelling
at me get out of here get out of bed
like she always does and I was that okay
whatever got out of bed eventually she's
like I need your help we've got the kind
of stuck in the mud I've got oh sorry
i'll just meet this um so she got her
car stuck in the mud it took see either
to hear that long story short we were
stuck in the mud for like an hour trying
to push the car out and i fully like
bruised my collar boy from like pushing
Makar this may sound like a really lame
story but you'll get it soon um but my
mum called my grind it up because he
lives around the corner and he came over
and so he was in the driveway my bag was
on the driveway okay you can see where
this is going but my back was on the
driveway because my mum was like bring
it over so we can jump in the car goes
soon as we can because we both hit
appointments in yeah we missed them both
back anyways so my granny couldn't help
it all weird call out the guy at the
garage to come and tell us out in my
granddad like reverse down the driveway
of it my big was way down the driveway I
don't know why he weet straightaway back
but anyways he did so he ran over my bag
and I forgot it was there and I didn't
realize until my granddad was like
Shannon something's in the car I was
like oh my god my figures in there you
know my phone my perfume my makeup all
of those creepers in my bag right so oh
my god I was like give us say I almost
died crying I was like God my iphone
must be crushed but take old it's not
hello sure do a little mini what's up I
beg so sure oh my god it was just I'm
sorry this is probably like the dumbest
vlog but I really just wanted to tell
you because it was pretty funny after
it'll heaven so I say oh my god just
drive Ford so I can grab it out and I
look at my bag and I sent my phones okay
you know I withdraw my other stuff and
heaps of stuff is broken my glasses are
broken I'm pretty gutted shall I do it
ok so my pencil case hey yeah it's not
that bad my pins inside were a burglar
my natural lip lipstick is all bent the
whole kit broke so i'm going to depart
I can just get open I'm not sure if you
can see their big ding in there like it
opens so I'm going to put it but it they
actually split it straight down the
middle it's pretty gutted because this
is the only one that isn't melted so my
glasses case this is what happens when
you run over your bag god I'm like I
should have moved my bag I didn't even
think about I'm so stupid fetch my
glasses you know they look good until
you are like this hey they're like shape
at the mall for you cool my drink bottle
was completely like a sticker munted I'm
surprised it didn't pop in my bag I
would have been like so gutted because
of my stuffs in here like my uniform was
in here this is all like crushed bag in
the student puppy that I was so
surprised my perfume was in there the
actual like this thing is dented a
mannish tried to let me just oh yeah it
still works holy smells good but the top
of its kind of crashed my phone is okay
it's a miracle like seriously iphone I
love you how did this not happen like
has anyone elses iphone gone through
like an amazing experience I've heard of
people like dropping room and like
toilets and things nice to work then
again my nokia 2280 did that but those
were like the most amazing like drop
proof phones in the world I wish you
could still owned one of them without
being frowned upon my highlight is
broken no don't really care about it
makes your things okay and there is just
generally a whole lot of broken crap in
my bag um I had to settle in my front
pocket and they didn't break that's
pretty start yeah skittles are amazing
yesterday I went to the movies not
saturday night I went to the movies my
boyfriend we win and still plenty of the
Apes I was really good but I almost
cried so many times and I pretty much
did cry when the huge gorilla died but
there's so much animal cruelty in that
movie and if you know me you know I cry
for freaking like any animal dies like
roadkill I cry for roadkill not all the
time but sometimes that my skittles were
fine holes priest out so yay it means I
looked in my lipstick pc bit
either do a proper what's my Bieber than
my other channel I think I do it once I
clear out my bed a bit but am I was
pretty stoked none of my jewelry or
anything was being apart from one ring
no okay I take that back it's a bit been
this is my stealing so well my others
doing silver bracelet was literally like
me my mum's got to get it reshaped I
better give her this one too but my neck
I sure my mech lashes my met lips eyes
are fine I was like thank God because I
was freaking out like seriously because
it's playing coy and saint-germain and
they liked all my favorite lipsticks and
if they broke I've been devastated so
here's that I'm ring I kind of been to
mostly back into shape it was completely
broken before but it's this really
pretty one and I'm like because it's my
favorite in a by the way went into the
chemist today and I got 25 bucks they
look almost the same but that one there
is more peach and that one's more thing
and these are cool these are amazing
they're only five bucks they kind of
check quickly without a top coat but for
the price whatever like they're way
better than the Ruby ones so that's all
I have to say really and I've got a
whole coming I recorded it already on my
upload it tomorrow the next day no
probably wednesday wednesday will suit
me way better that sneak peek anyways
I'm gonna go now I think we're going to
have to claim insurance on these glasses
because that is not cool like WTF
