so I'm so bright right now I was just in
the middle of freaking filming my
filming I just did filming filming my I
don't even know what the take is cool to
be honest but kind of like a share the
love tag in my carry we did so I'm just
waiting for it to charge back there my
computer was already sitting off of my
desk um because the questions are on the
screen and stuff so I thought I would
film the last bit of my question take
not really tag Christian video thing so
yeah that's what I'm gonna do so I'll
start off with the questions first I
can't remember which when I was at two
I'm sure I'll figure it out okay I think
I'm not so all the pits that move ahead
but I already answered that as I said
last time okay so my biggest worry
currently probably that my design thing
is Jo in a couple weeks and it's really
really like I don't know it's really
hard to try to come up with an idea for
it and I haven't even come up with an
idea for it and it's just kind of
stressing me out a little bit because
yeah my course is pretty full on
something I wished for repeatedly to
burn water even though I don't buy a lot
of tickets
how many of you guys do that I want to
win lotto but I never buy one so I'm
obviously not gonna win but I do yep my
relationship my parents good
I love both my parents they're both
amazing most of the time is all parents
do have their you know really really
freaking annoying moments but I love the
Amanda less what words make me the best
about myself what what words make me the
best about myself something I should
have said a long time ago
mmm these questions are pretty done this
is a failed video and a half what my
last text message says wait
I took my phone case off by the way you
know my like sedition case do you know
what happened if you don't follow me on
Facebook you won't know I'm not doing a
real really rude review on this anymore
because like the H for detail as you can
see is amazing I actually pulled off the
crab and did it for review purposes
I said they're at work with my keys try
letting yank it off and take it off
eventually but I just wanted to see how
good the glue also the glue was amazing
but I you know how like when you're real
lazy and you're like way from a beard
you kind of grab your phony just like
gently throw it down a little bit and I
just hope bounce like this
yeah there happen and all of these
little kind of I don't even think you've
ever see on my macbook thing that all
the look plots work so it doesn't even
stick together on the phone dealing my
mum's oh look this is my last tease
message okay it's from my mom and she
said hey guess what tomorrow is birthday
yeah I'll probably have like this today
so it's my visit and I'm so excited
I'm sorry I'm one of those people that
gets really excited for my birthday
ma'am I'm Emma going shopping tomorrow
we're going to Wellington and I'm gonna
go meet up with Lori so hopefully well
not meet up I'm gonna go stalk her I'm
gonna find her
yeah um yeah I almost deleted all my T's
messages and of we're going yeah we're
going to LA hat and Wellington shopping
because lower hit'em a lower hit Lola
has an amazing mall oh my god my throat
hurts oh man I'm still sick
then we're going out for dinner then the
next day probably to tighten up more
shopping I'm grabbing my friend from
Wellington who lives in Wellington she's
like one of my best friends and I miss
her so much I'm so excited to like see
her I'm just like huh we're going to
make - hopefully I've got like I think
I've got four lipsticks worth the dates
mixed up and then we coming back to par
me and then I'm doing my boyfriend
sister's ball makeup because she's going
to two balls her ball in her boyfriend's
ball and then after that I've got to go
home go get really got to go um go out
to dinner again with my whole family
we're going to Edgar bar and then then
after that me and my friends are gonna
go it's my place and then we're gonna
get ready and then we're gonna go to
eleven and it's gonna be epic and I'm
gonna tell like all of it like everyone
just to come to town because it's gonna
be a bit fun and everyone could buy me
tea pots and if you don't know what a
tea pot is it's basically alcohol in a
seaport yeah not an alcoholic I just let
him what I hate most about myself oh I
don't know I don't want to focus on
things I hate about myself
biggest turn-ons words that upset me the
most um you know what word I hate
there isn't not nice word I really don't
like they were let's just say that
upsets me the most even though it
doesn't really upset me at all I don't
know what words have to seep me what I
hate had the most about school um almost
everything like the only reason I loved
it was to so I could see all my friends
and we could sit in the cafeteria and
talk all time bla bla I actually feel
like crap I just snapped and someone's
gonna be like your videos but I can't
help it but my nose is running
my nails are this color at my friend
there was such an ugly noise my friend
um she came over like the other weekend
and my getting really bitter we were
like how was that girl but it was my
friend obviously it's not just some
random person sitting over a bit but she
bought this so bad because I told her
because I love it and she forgot it and
I'm so stoked because it means I could
paint my nails last night I'm gonna take
a bit to wear today but it's a mickey
color in mini I don't even think it has
a name it just has numbers everywhere
but it says pink color and it's chipped
already because I forgot to topcoat it
but others are really really pretty
color it's a good representation there
anyways so I'm gonna go onto this video
page and see what people have been
asking me alright what's the lipstick
that you that you use and a lot of your
videos in my videos I already answered
the abit of disaster because who serve
other people probably wonder as well but
in my videos I'm wearing a different
video a different video I'm wearing a
different lipstick on most of my videos
but I always wear this kind of same
color you can't even see my lips at the
moment because I'm just like washed out
as hell and I'm not even as pale as I
look at my videos it's just because of
this huge window like I'm probably this
is a frequently asked question and Mac
what color am I um like between and in c
v not MC in z MW like I'm neutral Aires
like slightly more yellow but the in C
is it you see it's the yellow note I'm
MC this is my NC 20 pound ation and it's
actually so yellow but in the pink tone
one's a really pink and like I'm like
slightly more yellow but so I've
submitted it but um yeah so I'm like it
in C nw20
but at the moment slightly and they
inside like non in C or NW 15 but
slightly above it between somewhere so
I'm not as pale as some people think I
am it's just you okay what are you doing
a course in I smell like every single
day I have like 20 people asking me what
are you studying and it says on my fan
page oh damn I just dropped on my makeup
and this is on my home page but I would
just say that in this video even though
highly no one's gonna watch this but I
study I taking
three optional classes the semester
which are photography with design in
design which is basically advertising
advertising in business papers and I'm
also doing digital media which is
computer work and contextual studies
which is basically art history
I love my course it's amazing and that's
just my passion and I love it end it's
not easy
some people and it pisses me off when
they say it some people say oh art is so
easy no there is a lot more than people
think that goes into designing something
like it is a lot of work in it I would
rather honestly have like exams in doing
what we have to do even though I love it
because exams you study one thing and
then you drive doubt right let's design
an art you have to have like your
research you have to come up with your
own concept that's original and you
can't copyright anything and then you
have to execute it and you have to
create something and creating something
is not easy trust me any tips for high
schoolers I might do a video on us in
high school seriously I was one of the
most hated people ever for a while
I think after a while people kind of
like got over themselves and stopped
thing like thanks to me I'm sorry I had
to pick up my makeup cuz I was scared
that I was gonna thinking about it and
stand on it but all I can say is just
stick yourself stick to your friends
that are your friends you know you'll
make friends and your friends all away
or you'll walk away from them pre sling
a little camera on Friday okay okay mom
um and like just remember who your true
friends are and stick with them because
I've had pretty much the same prints
right through and I still have those
screens and you'll make new friends and
they'll become your best friend you know
I mean but just make sure that you
remember who your true friends are don't
just fall into groups and crap like that
because there's always a little you know
that's there they always go through you
might know what I mean you might not but
whatever I'll try to make a video one
day do you still live with your mum and
dad not the two of them together like
you seen the video but do you look at
them yes I do Ella with my mum Sunday
Monday Tuesday night
my dad the rest of the week which is why
my life is so hectic sometimes you know
like because my mom actually lives in a
different town till this city I live in
so we have to travel around and it's
just really stressful but I've got like
study Jew especially since out at my
mum's house that we don't really have
good and sneer or printers or anything
so it's really hard with my like
university stuff like going back so
forth
and might move out one day I don't need
to at the moment like I don't have the
money to and I just don't need to and
yeah I probably could move out if I
really wanted to but I would literally
expend all of my money on just read in
food so there's no point someone asked
how old I was when I got into that car
crash I mentioned in my last video I was
about you know think nineteen maybe even
a living I don't she know to be honest
maybe I was 12
no I wasn't twelve I think was ten
nineteen eleven would you rather smell
someone's feet or go skinny-dipping in
the middle of winter I like that I would
rather go skinny-dipping
skinny-dipping God seriously me and my
friend it just incitement you know what
I learned my photography teacher was
teaching us about stuff as they do
apparently
creative people I like me they cannot
like kind of low-key dyslexic low-key
really really bad with numbers which I
totally am I used to be kind of got a
mess but seriously I just went BAM
downhill like I cannot do that probably
like I can do five to fifty 20 on my
fingers and I can do the nine times
tables when I go like this like you know
and I can do one time service and zero
times tables in some eleven times tables
that's about it I'm not even kidding
like I never learned them
what's your favorite holiday season
holiday Christmas holidays which is
summer I love summer holidays best ever
yeah what oh my god I really like your
nose it looks like you've contoured it I
think it's cute Thanks someone actually
asks me how I contour my nose but I
don't really that is how I ever contour
it which isn't really contrary is where
I'm going when I'm wearing bronzer like
I'll just put some over my nose but it's
not really contouring at all but yeah
and there was another question so 15
minutes long I'm gonna have to edit this
down um hope you guys were entertained
for a little bit and subscribe if you
haven't already and I'll see you soon I
also happy birthday to all the peoples
that all the peoples all the people that
birthday is tomorrow like me because
when I said it was my birthday over 12
so many people were like this my
birthday so happy birthday to you guys
see ya
