good morning everyone so I have the
glimmer no romantic lashes I think
they're I don't hit the ball and I have
a new lipstick from exposure you that's
coming out later this year and she won't
know next like liquid like I'm like I'm
like Kings with it next black liquid
liner roller lash to brow the to face on
this way foundation should be
highlighter the Tarte contour color yeah
paleo from this lighting it's the worst
lighting ever today it's just like super
super super washed out like cloudy
stress itself is just not happening her
Julie and Ryan on their way here we're
going to get some Starbucks and then
head over to that gotten so I'm just
gonna watch something else today's and
more meetings with some companies that
want to meet up and chill I'm like so
tired last night week that party I think
I forgot to vlog like did not know
anyone I saw these sores and I was like
good people I don't talk to a pack also
saw the try guys you know the BuzzFeed
try guys like Eugene and then another
one a common business member it's so
funny how like you know out of it I am
with the YouTube world like I understand
who's in the beauty community like and
all other Beauty youtubers as soon as it
comes to like you know gaming
entertainment news like all of those
other categories I'm just like I don't
know who any of these people are so it's
just kind of like don't do me Julie and
Ryan just like kind of go titty and just
hung out chat it to a couple people and
they put on my shoes to click recap so
the first night we're at Sonoma with Zen
D planet it was so nice but I was like
dying because I'm so jet-lagged I was
like trying to be enthusiastic and
talkative and I could not but I was so
tired I feel so bad to be honest I'm
like oh my god over bitter it hate the
exposures like fall asleep on the table
into my soup it's such a good meal that
I loved that place was so young then
yeah yes so we just hit mini
Smashbox into live glam it up with BH
Cosmetics talk about heaps of different
stuff also remember with like glasses
USA just here's the companies that I
work with and like kind of meet
everyone's face to face because you know
when you meet look I mean
when you work with people it's nice to
meet them in real life as well black and
last for a while cuz I'm like they may
sort is literally like closing let you
know when you're exhausted in your
glance swallow up like you don't really
feel sick but like this area so that
that's what's happening to me right now
like full since I landed to be honest
but if I went down yesterday morning
last night they were real bit and then I
woke up and my weasel like screwed or
was like I think my boys just so tired
it's just like Shannon chill out like
sleep in a phalanx and I'm getting a
decent sleep I hid in a sleeping loft
the loft you it could have been really
stressed and I think yeah now my body is
just kind of giving up on me like just
relax for a while have some sleep
Shannon it's fine
but no I might look a little bit
tomorrow we'll say what I should on the
woman and I've got panels tomorrow
afternoon I think so
no problem issues and get some coffee
cuz I'm like dying right now so tie my
paws sprinkles cupcake is still an Eton
wake up sorry cupcake which doesn't even
sound like this literally kids la with
me said I'm going to eat it today they
keep forgetting and then I sell it and I
was I don't feel like a cupcake see more
and then like we'd dinner and I was I'm
not hungry I'm so full oh and then like
earlier the morning it's like three and
back home I don't feel like cupcakes
it's delay
we're getting a shadow too they come now
that they need another one of these just
what role but what's so special like if
they actually captured just in case you
want a gigantic let's get like huge like
people everywhere we were just walking
through this like friggin potable rides
and stuff
terrific there's people everywhere I
didn't realize how I'd mess up this one
yeah when the woman lounge to get you
know there's made some people for a few
people that watch my views and we needed
some other late to pull her out for
advice but we're not really doing much
today now with another meeting in like
two or three hours and now we chillin
how much y'all had a little bit
this is also really cute so Sally's
watching Mitch she'll be like really
happy by this little mini mini water
bottles this is I listen a glass of
water I love it secure by in the
transfer cast thank you
it was great yeah they're gonna learn
and see grants on school oh it's because
I'm just like that one this room this
looks fun
this needs to be both remember implied
is that the claim right
I know this monkey peg this like method
like are you just excited I'm loving
them I'm excited to watch some left turn
upon utterances place over guys no idea
where I am
little in the stage there compare those
in your mouth just alert look what do
you mean oh yeah you know - Slade a
boundless no good reason for it I'm
coming Klein first place by the way gosh
we discovered something
Julie was up this
Harvey
thank you so much
the problem and
I have an ax equal ring wine at Facebook
a bit of a heinie tiny penis all right
yeah no we play in the Facebook room
chillin so it's in a time right now and
everyone's partying but naturally we are
like hungry so we've come to this place
at the hotel and spike this bill Jerome
mac and cheese and also if you sir some
like is we reassess and some drinks and
I got so not something which i think is
like does the same thing is used today
pretty yet so y axis and then wrangle
this I'm happy because I really want to
see what could work with I agree I know
mines pretty there's almost saga it was
pictures like I said it was knock on
there but then I suppose yeah so good
mac and cheese and this this is a small
time and it's like try can answer it
yeah we're sharing thank god this is the
small size okay there was one bigger
than that's like how I guess and then
variant family are you looking party I
don't know which one of these within
about so many wristbands on
I'm first off everyone's pulling it
something Gusev law kind of glaring bar
hello YouTube
