hey guys so I have like 10 minutes left
before i have to go to class so i'm
filming another bit of the video the
questions video oh my gosh you guys know
that i can never speak like I seriously
have like a freaking speech impediment
or something better turn their volume
off because otherwise you're going to
hear messages coming through all the
time alright so I'm up to number 20 no
21 okay the one place I want to be right
now here right here in staying here I do
not want to go to class like oh I just
cannot be bothered to be honest um the
meanest thing anyone has ever said to me
and I don't know either I'm federal ugly
I'm not fit and I'm not that but where I
have loved before and I have lived in
past north a little town started pants
north and I have lived in Korea South
Korea for nine months and I guess you
could say I lived in Ireland for that
month because we were in an apartment
like living there I suppose yeah I love
you f dot dot dot you leave me a comment
ah what are my future plans and I don't
know but I don't want to live where I
live now forever and probably finishing
my cause may be doing more study I don't
know depends what I wanted to go find a
mint paying job move over to like
England or Australia or something with
my boyfriend and then turn a conflict i
have with myself I suppose it's that
thing I talked about my last video about
life freaking like having really ugly
days and things like just feeling like
crap some days like I just feel so
creepy and it's for no reason like I'm
sorry my hair so Buffy I just washed it
it's pissing me off and I don't know I
just have really bad day sometimes and
feel like crap and I shouldn't what i'm
doing tomorrow tomorrow's thursday i
have the day off you go yeah um sorry
i'll be doing some study my film a video
depends if i need to or not
oh yeah that's probably about it what I
want to be when I get older um probably
like someone working for like doing web
design or in a magazine or something
like that I would love that 29 most
embarrassing moment I hate these
questions because I can never like
remember anything like I know I've had
so many embarrassing moments but I kind
of block them out of my head like I
don't remember them when I'm asked him
I'd remember one time when I was in like
fourth form I was carrying my bag and
like you know when you're like for third
and fourth form you're like a really
awkward tween stage I was like walking
along and i dropped my bag and like
everything just spilled out for miles
and why all these people laughed at me
and i was like it was really
embarrassing I'm sorry I'm just like
lying down because I'm really tired um
two of my insecurities and I hate my
lower ribs I hate my belly like I'm not
fat but i have like this pocket right
here and it's so annoying and i cannot
get rid of it just solid or egg um so
it's kind of like one my insecurities
rest down was like mm-hmm like thinking
it's gonna be like but it's not really
bit that's just what runs through my
mind apparently and I won't know it's
goodies um I'm just talking physical
because I don't really have any mental
insecurities like I'm pretty fine um
maybe like I hate my rosy cheeks like
all these people my beauty channel like
I love them but I really don't like you
feel like why do you cover them it's
like they want to like I don't get our
guess is not really an insecurity
because I can go out with them shall we
I don't really care but prefer to show I
mean prefer to cover them I really hate
my nose well I'm gonna get more finals
it now I don't know maybe just watch my
perfect imperfections tag what i would
do if i won the lottery how much are we
talking if it was only like a couple
hundred thousand dollars i would check
it in a bank at click interest for a
while
until I had enough to just buy a house
straight away no mortgage or anything if
i won like a few million i were to buy
me a house my dad a house my mother
house like they have houses but new
houses by my grandparents a house I just
pay off like my whole family's bills i
would buy everyone a new car I live by
myself a new kara my boyfriend a new car
and I'd buy like I don't know I just go
shopping and then I'd put heaps of it
into a savings account because I'm a big
saver I like to save money a description
of the boil like I seriously had these
questions i'm skipping they want i don't
even care and i'll go up to number i
think like 40 okay what i love most
about myself and I don't really know
what is it the answer to every single
one of these questions I suppose I like
that I'm kind of I suppose i'm care free
to an extent like I care about things
but like I try not to worry too much
because I know that morning just this is
not a good thing and I get stressed
easily so you know I like that I can I
like that I'm really on time with things
you know to me like for you call I'll
never had anything like I'll always have
the assignment done like a few days
early so I'm not stressing I make sure
that I can keep myself as stress-free as
they can um I also like that I kind of
have a sense of humor like I don't know
I just find people that don't have a
sense of humor so boring like I'm kind
of like the funny friend like the one
that's always trying to crack jokes and
I'm the one that looks like an idiot all
the time you know what I mean I don't
know I like that about myself my biggest
pet peeves I actually vivillon this I
want to do a new one so watch my video
on my old tuna was one of my first
videos and what bands I've seen live I
mean I've only seen one I think like
I've only been to one concert and it was
when I was like I don't even know how it
was really really young but do you New
Zealanders remember the show I I don't
even know it shows gold but do you
remember true bliss they weren't like a
real reality TV show when I was really
young and they were like it was like to
make it been kind of like spy skills in
true bliss one and i went to the true
bloods conflicts the day before my
birthday and I got to meet them all and
they were all like happy birthday
shannon i was like
I was so excited I used to love them who
maybe screens out I readouts this too
how many kids are one on the future and
probably to me my boyfriend I've talked
about this he was like 8 I was like
stuff off maybe total three no more than
three no more there's very held up yep
um my idea of a perfect date I don't
really care me and my boyfriend don't go
out on dates we go out to dinner
sometimes I suppose you've called it a
duty but over what I'm really good at at
photography not really art like I'm good
at like and it's hard to explain to
people that don't know what digital
imaging is kind of like I'm good at like
design i'm good at web stuff i'm good at
photography I don't know it's really
hard to explain to people that don't
know what art is all about like not just
painting like I can paint but I'm not
great at painting or anything like that
most traumatic experience um I don't
know maybe when I was in a car crash in
Korea and we were on a pile up so car in
front of us jam on the brakes we reached
resume and then a couple cars Jim than
to us I like hurt my tailbone really bad
which is basically basically basically
your ass bottom so I like pretty much
almost fracture that kind of thing and
also the side of my jaw just got like
bang and I don't know I don't know if
there's got anything to do with my
desert teeth down the bottom like over
here but who knows and that was really
scary we got rushed away it was freaky
and where I would like to live London
Australia um probably not America
because yeah I don't know i don't think
i could even live in America know if
he's do you guys like I really want to
visit that one day but I don't even
think I could live there just because
it's such a different place to New
Zealand like I've no way too many people
too much traffic and stuff like that the
nicest thing anyone's ever said to me um
it'll be someone on YouTube probably
that you know leave me a comment like
people who told me that I've helped them
like it completely changed their
self-esteem like it's one of the nicest
things I've ever heard from a few people
like them telling
me that I've helped them with their
confidence that's just such a cool thing
to hear from someone so yeah do I like
where I am right now what the hell does
that mean like in life or what I'm proud
of myself at this moment of time I think
I have achieved all other things for my
age I have a job I have um good studies
going on over to achieve high school to
a really good standard and I have this
whole YouTube thing which is awesome and
i just am very proud of all that what k
here right now I can hear trucks because
there is like a really main truck Road
around by my house and all the trucks go
down there yeah I can hear tracks
sometimes you hear people pulling like
burnouts and donuts and crap over there
look at like midnight and you're like
shut up I'm trying to sleep my
relationship my sibling I have none I'm
an only child my parents have never
really well they work together when I
was young but they were never together
long enough to have another you know
child and my mom's only just got
infected like with a guy now she's
engaged she's getting married next year
which is really exciting I'm so happy
for her and that is all of them and the
next question is all the pizza over the
head my buddy said that so there's only
like a few questions left for the last
video so I'll just do that when I'm
bored one day but I've got to go now
because this has taken me over 10
minutes but i'll edit it because i was
just sitting there like lighting down
for a while because I was freaking out
because there's someone like down there
that I could hear yelling and I didn't
know if they're gonna come up and kill
me or something but I'm gonna go to your
Co now and I hope you guys who really
did too and I'm certain talking really
really fast calm down Shannon um see ya
