so I'm gonna do some videos answering
random questions I've done this
questionnaire on tumblr and it's one of
those things where people like and box
me a number and I'll ask the question
and I like saved it so I can just answer
the questions yeah that's pretty much it
so I don't know how many I'm gonna do
maybe 15 ish there's 56 questions and
I'm gonna break it up into a different
video it's just to do when you're on
board um do you like my top its Bambi I
like it so the first question I'll write
all the questions below as well so you
guys can do a video response if you want
in yeah so the first question is sexual
orientation everything to test Dave this
question doesn't it I'm straight I have
nothing against gays or whatever because
some of my best friends are so yeah but
I'm straight I have a boyfriend so what
I'm really bad at um what am i really
bad at sports I'm not really bad at
sports but I'm not good at sports to be
honest one person whose arms I'd like to
be in maybe my boyfriend's because I
don't know I haven't even gone through
these questions by the way okay for my
fist on my best first aid um would have
been probably was my boyfriend I'm with
now we went to a movie and it was nice a
description of my self-esteem um well I
don't have great self-esteem sometimes I
think I'm like the ugliest person out
and I know it's not true anything I know
I'm not ugly but sometimes I feel like
Lee and yeah I'm not real confident but
I mean most of the time I'm fine like
I'll have confidence and I won't feel
like crap but I think it's just because
when I was young I used to always get
harassed and teased of my appearance and
it kind of has carried on throughout
life and I'm always kind of like you
know I remember those times and people
were really nasty and so I'm like I'm
ugly but it I don't know you guys know
me I'm assuming my favorite book
no jokes I miss number six who my best
friends are my boyfriend I have some
really close girlfriends as well one of
my closest is Kelly I go to Cole's with
her and Daniella I love her and Dao in
the car we kinda like the frame saying
that I have heaps of friends that aren't
necessarily like really good friends no
one I'd tell everything to but people
that I hang out with go out with hang
out in town with just stuff with it and
classroom stuff like that um my favorite
book that would be I don't know I really
love any book by T stewartson Richard
Lyman I don't know I really like horror
books and murder mysteries and move it
murder books in Europe I really like
them in like surgery books I read some
of the my like autopsies inside it I
really like scary books I just think
they sort of end I can't put them down
and if I start reading one of those
books I will continue to read it for
like hours and hours and I'll finish it
in a couple days um my biggest turn offs
I might just answer as many questions as
I came in 10 minutes or something like
that yeah smoking excessive swearing
people that have too much confidence not
in a good way like cocky people that
really didn't know that's just not
appealing to me description of my best
friend be my boyfriend
because we've been together for a really
long time now four and a half years and
well actually over four and a half years
I think um he's funny he's really sweet
he's nice he listens he is everything
that it'd be screened as my favorite
animal I honestly do not know I love
every animal nearly don't really like
bugs that much but I still won't kill
them someone I miss my right I got my
right foot down yesterday I'm really
really sad by the time I upload this not
used today a while ago and miss her the
reason behind my life
break up I don't even remember who the
last person I went out with like I don't
really consider any of the people I've
been out with before my boyfriend now
it's a real relationship just because
they only lasted for like a month or
less like so pathetic I love it when
like you see people on Facebook and
you're like oh my god happy one-month
anniversary it looks like a little
hippie five-year anniversary orgy well
it will be soon but you don't owe me
what I did yesterday yesterday was
Saturday work out with my boyfriend we
I'm not a mouse which is lay in bed for
ages on the computer then we because
we're waiting for my vid appointment I
was giving my wrecked crap loads of sour
cream because she loves sour cream so I
was gonna kill her favorite food and
then we went to the vet and I had to
take my cat porkchop and the one I did
the vlog on because he had to get a
check-up since he got his teeth out
I took my razor and she got put down it
was not nice pork chops good he's put on
weight which is really good because he's
really tiny I bought my wreck home I
cried for ages uh me and my boyfriend
went back into town to do some groceries
after I felt a bit better
we went and got some lunch we got subway
and I went to the powerhouse in booked
my next hit Oh which is worse
I think the food of September we came
home we just hang out at home for a bit
I went on YouTube answered some
questions and comments I then went to
Ritchie's sisters godparents for dinner
hung out there for a while it's new
world got my lift over right lift over
it that sounds terrible my last rate
there is alive at the moment we got her
a teddy bear to cuddle and we went to
bed and we watched a movie in which
sleep
that was a long question what my
greatest achievements are this is number
14 probably is to like for her to date
is to date well I don't even know them
to say so far probably just my NCEA
results I suppose
and yes 13 I almost passed with
excellence I didn't quiet because I
didn't do my final photography you three
big a1 boards because I want to focus on
design but I dig excellences right
through design excellences right through
photography excellence and mirrors right
through history and then I got merit
straight through English and geography I
got like some merits excellences
achieves so I did really good and I was
really proud of myself a description of
the person I dislike the most I honestly
don't even know this question because I
don't think about the people I just like
I don't give enough thought to anyone
that I dislike to actually find a
description about them I don't even know
who the person I dislike the most is my
favorite songs right now um I don't know
I've been into dubstep lately just
anything with a debate how my last kiss
went down go there's a such twin
questions on daylight really lame oh
great
no I don't even know it was probably a
peck on the cheek when my boyfriend left
this morning
what I find attractive in the preferred
6 mm meaning males not six probably I
don't know I really like my boyfriend's
back and I like his hands that's really
weird but I really like his hands yeah
all the pits overhead okay this is
probably gonna be the last question
what number is this I'll do two more
okay I'm holding a sniffy thing I like
to fidget with stuff I hold stuff when
I'm talking um all the kids I've ever
had I have heard when I was little way
Tasha and turbo - case - I got some
cancer on her nose because she had a
pink nose so we got to put down because
who knows finished turbo got eaten by
dogs mm-hmm I've had other kids that
have been put down one of them was about
to die so he ran away is some kiss -
I've heard lots of lots of kids but for
my life or not lots and lots but and my
whole family Tinka she recently died she
got run over because she was different
when she got out of the house and she
tried to make her home she got hit by a
truck but she I think we got him when I
was like five and she was like might be
scream when I was little because I don't
really have many friends and she was the
most adorable little puppy ever she was
a runt
she was a Jack Russell crossed with a
fox terrier she was just the most cutest
thing ever
so she was my little go and then I have
all the pizza him now which I'm probably
other videos on still I hate mice when I
was younger I had budgies a head
well I've had my rats I had bunnies I
had guinea pig I used to have two
rabbits and I hid them out in the
backyard and they used to eat their
greens and carrots and things my cat
would get into the cage and eat with him
while I was there I believe my kids
always but my case to give him there and
just eat with them it was really cute
but he was thought in that ran away when
he was dying we went to take him to the
vet but he never came home so we
couldn't and then he just never came
home again so yeah this is turning quite
depressing favorite flavor of ice cream
okay I love pens caramel swirl have you
guys tried that I shop it count down and
they don't have pens but when I go to
knew what I always get camels well it's
amazing I also really like goody goody
gumdrops
cookies and cream just a plain vanilla
what ass jelly tap ice cream
that's so good and like an actual ice
cream I love those um splice ones and
make the snap downs so good okay so I
got up to number 20 so do like another
20 another time or something and then
I'll do the rest so there'll be three
parts this video I hope you guys like
this video as I really ran them and I'm
kind of tired I've got work soon I just
wanted to do a video and your pee light
is random ramblings to the camera let me
know this is what's gonna be able to
load probably this is low chair I mean
like just me talking to the camera I
randomly whenever I feel like tuning on
my computer and just talking like blows
and stuff like what I've already been
doing just whatever I feel like because
it is my channel at the end of the day
and I can do what I want so hope you
guys have a really good day and I'll
talk to you really soon
