so I decided I wanted to do a video on
my cat I had no idea what start was like
whole channel off is because I just have
no ideas yet so if you have any requests
like Alice theme and then the comments
below deeper when you see on your seat I
wanted to talk about porkchop and this
is porkchop and you've probably seen him
in the backgrounds of my videos and yeah
that's probably about it but he is
always hurting around me so I just want
to talk about his story I think I'm
gonna do this with a couple of my other
kids too because my pits a really cool
story is like one of my kids came back
after being lost for a whole year and
it's another story for another time
here's an idiot look at him
so porkchop I got home just on the
chairs ago he's almost Oh for my dad for
Thursday he doing here was his Father's
Day present and come back yeah can you
say the McDonald's rip in the background
yeah yeah so when I got him it was off
trade me some lady was selling kittens
she arrived we met at this like center
right she I think she had stray cats and
she was telling the kittens that they
had like just cats that were on her
property instead of shooting them like
most farmers would she was selling them
and for a crazy price as well this
anyway so that yeah I want to see the
kid in so she pulls out a little pork
chop and his sister out of the car and
like anyways we were like talking to her
my mom's like oh like why are you coming
from the airport because she said that
she was coming from the approach that I
just picked up my dog she opens up her
boot and she's got her dog in a tiny
little cage and her boot and I felt so
terrible like because I am a complete
animal lover and so I saw how like
creepy condition he was living I just
couldn't even leave him I knew like he
probably wasn't wormed or fleed or
anything like that but I just had to
take him because I couldn't leave him
with that woman so we went we took him
home he was the happiest little kitten
ever he was tiny he was probably like
eight weeks old a fit and so we took him
home
he was completely happy as I said and I
don't know like he was real nice and we
took him to the vet and he seemed real
healthy and then after a few months we
noticed that every time you went near
his mouth he would kind of like flash
and stuff like not by bail I could get
real awkward around his peering and
probably cut him because he's got a tiny
tip this his brother he doesn't like him
so we took him to the vet and turned out
he had this really really rare disease
the vets don't know how to cure it I
don't even know what it's called
basically he I think it's something to
do with the plaque on his teeth like
he's allergic to it or something
so his gums would swell up and he could
barely even do anything with his mouth
and he'd freak out so we gave him some
treatment that didn't really work
vaccinations and things helped for a
little bit but we've got one side of his
mouth I'm their side see he's only got
one tooth I don't know if you can see
still munch asleep but I'll get onto
that he's got one of the tooth and once
I take now he does fine by the way don't
forget I'm really cruel for taking out
his teeth he can still eat but anyway
that helped him for a bit we can't give
me in the Vixen ations which a lot with
his immune system by the way so he like
his a flew at the moment and then last
week we'll wait no the other day
actually we got the other side of his
teeth taken out after like probably six
months we here later so now he's got one
tooth left but here's like the heaviest
little kicker his brother does it to him
like he follows me everywhere he gives
me cuddles and he waits outside my
bedroom door in the mornings to me I
wake up he's just so cute and he just
loves attention and he's so happy he
plays all day long and he plays in the
Sun and he does eat he kind of has to
slurp up biscuits in messed-up kidney
which they have to do for him and we
have to give him pills most days well
every day actually
so yeah let's my story behind porkchop
he's the most adorable little boy though
like I don't think I've ever been so
attached to a kid I get to him like he's
just so much
and I just think he is the cutest I say
by the way if you want anywhere he got
his name from my dad named him obviously
because it says K well not really
anymore but hey I'm sneakers chin he is
like do you know - pork chop mustaches
or pork chop beard or ITER's like where
it's real rounded wait wait you could
really see Anthony this Jimmy is like a
pork chop mustache so that's where those
names and it's funny because my other
kids there's popcorn so we always get
Pokemon pork chop mixed up we just kept
popping they both come running for their
dinner so yeah he is absolutely adorable
and as um cause a social even with no
teeth he still manages to catch mice in
birds all the time he is a little Dibble
and there he is chasing his tail so yes
I hope you guys like this video leave me
with some requests and stuff so I know
what to do videos on here and thanks for
subscribing to this channel I'm gonna be
doing random vlogs and random rants
random crap all the time hopefully so
yeah I just don't know what to start off
with and I just thought it was a
beautiful day and he's so happy today so
yeah this is my kitty
