hey guys so excuse my hair it's a
complete mess I need to give it a wash
but I wanted to fill my well this is
actually my second video for this
channel except I I already filmed one
video but I'm gonna upload it after this
one because I thought this one would be
kind of cool for a first video so I have
a video featuring my kitty next yeah so
this is called the tag oh the tag my
accent tag and I was it taste by anyone
but I wanted to do it and I found it on
Judy pootie 82's channel sorry I'm just
reading everything I can't even see
myself right now I'm just gonna get
started and I'm gonna put all the
questions down below so if you want to
do this tag please leave it as a video
response so I can watch it because I
love hearing accents and the reason I
wanted to do this videos because um like
all the time people are like holy crap
you have an amazing accent I don't think
so but apparently other people do so
okay first of all I have to read out
woods and the sky like this other tech
I've already done before my whole
channel but okay so the words I'll put
the link I mean the list down below okay
aunt route Wash oil theater iron salmon
caramel fire water sure data ruin crayon
toilet New Orleans pecan both again
probably spitting image Alabama lawyer
coupon mayonnaise syrup pajamas caught
it's kind of hard right here random
little words like try not to screw up
okay now there's some questions I've got
art so what the questioners I suppose
okay what is it called when you throw
toilet paper on a house I would call
that tp'ing what is the bug that when
you touch it it curls into a ball that
is a Slater
yeah I heard me when I was a little I
used to love doing that I was so grossed
I used to love bugs I hate bugs now but
I still might kill them because I free
how it killing any kind of animal I used
to like go up to them and just like
did them and would like curl up into
little balls and I could always find
them and like would and stuff like my
granddad would have like pieces of wood
lying around like rotting like firewood
here that water was firewood and my dad
all crawled out of there and you'd like
to stab them will not stab him stab them
but touch them and they'd call it okay
anyway what does the bubbly carbonated
drink called
that is called I suppose I call it fizzy
or in general coke or whatever I'm
drinking I really like sprite zero
what do you call gym shoes exercise
shoes sneakers what do you say to
address a group of people if I was like
trying to get their attention
I'd say boy what do you call the kind of
spider or spider-like creature that has
an oval-shaped body and extremely long
legs like a deadly long works I suppose
and what do you call your grandparents I
call my Nana Nana like my grandma Nana
and my grandfather is green dead what do
you call the wheeled contraption in
which you carry groceries at the
supermarket it is called a trolley what
do you call it when rain falls while the
sun is shining sun shower I think yes
sun shower I love those and number 10
what is the thing you change the TV
channel with that is a remote or a
finger because I hate usually remotes
like I swear light remotes never work
for me and I always lose them or like I
still the bitter he's out of them for
something else I hate remote I use my
finger that's what the answer is
a finger okay so that is the tag
unlike crawled up in a ball on my bed
right now if you haven't noticed because
I was just watching videos and I wanted
to do this one so yeah so Judi pootie
eighty to do it I'll put her link below
she is a New Zealand and she makes
beauty videos so yeah I hope you guys
enjoy my new channel and I'm gonna be
doing lots of videos and please request
things down below
I might just upload two videos today
because cuz cuz cuz I just want some
videos up on this channel and
Lana okay I'm gonna stop babbling now
because yeah I'll talk to you soon bye
