hey guys I am in Anaheim in LA and the
USA oh that's not want to focus on is it
no of course not why would it want to
focus on me so I - I landed like three
or four hours ago took forever to get
your security at the airport and then
drove to Anaheim we had a driver I'm
here with Julie and Ryan who worked for
my management and they're real fun and
real cool so I'm so excited for this
trip so I know we're going to do heaps
ah's and stuff so I'll take you along
with me today we're going to go freshen
food we've got dinner with with some
businesses and like two hours but we're
starting now so we're going to eat
anyway and then I guess just walk around
and hits tonight and have an early night
say and in tomorrow's fall and I take
tomorrow we've got lots of meetings and
stuff like that yeah
I'm really excited to be here VidCon
will be exciting I've got some Carol's
on Friday and that's pretty much all I'm
doing on this trip just wanted to kind
of come and like see what it was like
because I've never done VidCon before so
I didn't want to like have a jam-packed
schedule under heaps of crazy things
like I just wanted to have quite a chill
time so there as I love it I can come
back next year maybe do meetups and
stuff like that I am going to work on
Australia as well so hopefully I'll see
some of you guys there my makeup I just
use the covergirl Ready Set flawless
that what salt hold on I'll put an extra
like suspect Lighting's better set to go
blue sometimes like currently so my
foundation is here really set - gorgeous
shade 105 because the ghost I couldn't
take down yet that's at magnesia - like
that and I lipstick is that bike so
beauty it's actually Meraki and Ubuntu
mixed can I sound funny it's because my
glands are super swollen I don't know
what's going on looking a bit sick again
like the third time this one I don't
know what's wrong with me I think it's
just stressed like I get slow so groans
dress anyway no my mascara is roller
lash by going to set my brows a benefit
to brow in gimme brow a blush is mobile
I make my highlighter is Aurora like so
beauty's eyes realize like down here's a
little bit like not good coverage of my
pads a little bit patchy but I'm so
tired right now you guys I don't Iike
powder I used was just my Mac mixed with
a little bit of photo bomb by the balm
because I'm so pale
so that's how it looks I think this is
going to really annoy me so yeah I'm at
the where am I
Hyatt's Hyatt something hotels where
basically they're putting all of the
youtubers for VidCon or the featured
creators which I am one who fancy we're
not actually allowed to tell you guys
that for security and safety reasons but
by the time you see this video VidCon
will be well and truly gone probably
really matter so to be here very
exhausted trying to be positive and
happy and energetic but man I could go
for a nap right now but I'm trespasser
jetlag so we'll see how it goes
does someone want to make me some mac
and cheese because I could really go
some mac and cheese right now I'll show
you my shitty outfit of the day make
sure is the $5 from Ruby shoes because
my feet are swollen from the plane get
in there from the plane murmuring my
comfy jeans from Galatians that I've
shown a few times and then this tops
from misguided and that my stomach is so
freaking full and like literally I
probably a little bit legs a little bit
early pregnant on the side I'm not
pregnant I'm just literally so swollen
from the flight every time I get off a
fly the whole body is just like water
ateacher bloating swallow the nest bad
circulation about terrible circulation
my feet are so swollen and my hands and
wrists and just everything
so hopefully that goes away by the time
estrogen my panels like just been
drinking heaps of water and I got this
one at the airport Chile bought it for
me look how cute it is pectins oh mama
Invisalign
I threw all the water in America it's
like all I marketed like pH balanced
electrolytes for taste of mic disorder
tastes like water I understand this just
got something on average because we're
eating in like an hour
so we took any snacks what is this
oh my gosh so here's my outfit of the
night I do a leather jacket so later but
I'm just wearing a white key which I
might paranoid about my Blut but anyway
in these jeans I think a from misguided
slashed up and in my boots from princess
Polly and nothing like nice for
nighttime I kind of screwed up because
like I've got heaps of shorts and skirts
and stuff that I'm not faked and so
that's not happening we're in downtown
says me Oh
our wrinkles I know a little mini belly
would love this little mini cupcake and
it's eat service you know I was like how
these cupcakes on muffins today well I'm
off I could get closer okay six cupcakes
I paid like three cupcakes all us but I
just ached and and I'm gonna sleep it's
so early how much the travel like and
you don't even earlier it must only be
about the red cloth or something in New
Zealand but I'm like so tired I guess
just couldn't really sleep that much on
the flight you know yeah I'm going to
need it to be it real early and it's why
I'm getting up early and going off to
some meetings so I'll talk to you good
morning
oh there's the first time I've talked
all day holy crap is like ever I think
like slow stress back in New Zealand
like so stressed which is not good for
my health but anyway yeah I've just not
been sleeping while in New Zealand I've
been having no sleep so I had like
crappy dreams every night and wake up 20
times per night wide away you can just
can't sleep well least through the
nightmares last night I woke up a couple
of times but there would be because of
the time difference so I woke up a
couple of times naturally just because
it was like odd my time clock but I
sleep so heavy and so well like I feel
so good right now but I'm still tired I
don't know how that's possible and I
guess you know just because I need
probably a couple more sleeps like that
it'll be good to go so this morning are
probs get some stuff away for Julie and
Ryan though so there is a different
hotel down the road which sucks I kind
of wish so staying with me but that's
fine it's not their fault because this
hotel I think only the creators are
allowed to stay to keep it real tight
security and whatever but anyways so
yeah I'm going to do my makeup now back
up mmm forgot to eat my cupcake last
night but I did not feel like eating
right now because I'm just 100 so that I
guess because it's like 3:00 a.m. in my
time so at the thought of eating right
now is making me sick so I hope for it
does time actually feel like eating it
still tastes good because I'm gonna go
get cupcakes and I really wanted to try
and I don't think I've ever tried weird
that cupcake so I really wanted to
because everyone goes all about them
but anyway soon as you make up now put
on some music put on my aircon my room
because it's so hot and there's no
windows in here which sucks start from
that door
great slope great bed great great
now put on some hard well going to play
starch because this thing is like a
speaker so I can play my music around
like whoo
patty patty you've learned very
stalkerish but look at all the security
down here you see The Moron black this
is my little makeup set up and have
where I put my mirror crap oh my gosh
Anton won't you do that for
so you hate that so got my hair up here
because there's no like hard out natural
light like this is the natural light so
I sit on my butt on the ground and then
you go with the flow benefit marks
really cute so yeah time is you my
makeup cuz I sat down I forgot to with
my sponge
so here's my makeup of the day my
lipstick is a lesion and asian leagues
of your liquid lipstick highlighter is
Aurora
lashes are a secret most governments
with roller lash food and little bit
clumsy is to rhythm a bit monster Wilma
formula Joe nation was on this way by
Too Faced in the shade natural beige so
y'all and then the hourglass bronzer
which I love
ah just go to sleep again because I'm
ready to sleeping right now oh this
angle is so hot right now so the
Lighting's really again and with Julie
and right before during this coffee is
not back to trivia Java and we've got to
get out there Tom classes and then we're
going to LA to meetings today so go to
because I don't know how much I'll vlog
but I'm sure why some exciting sometimes
I get I'm shaking because it's like I'm
wife looks sorry I get the ice cream
vanilla bit they got my name right you
guys will never see but they're like
thinks thinks is a rubber that's also no
one kittens this is like a high security
issues like it's like with it then going
oh this is a van just behind that guy in
the third like below same thing that
they're putting up whom that would
everyone's like please don't tell anyone
where you ask the security and safety oh
my as soon as they see that beam I'm
going to know whether youtubers are Oh
Willa we're trying to find our posture
yeah make sure we all haven't eaten my
freaking cake so we went to the wall the
pink wall which is currently you're not
supposed to film with your cameras
apparently but apparently sprinkles
so we're just waiting for it over now Oh
sell it because I'm being healthy and
shit man yes this is so good it's an
iced chai latte oh good I like the
painful Oh atmosphere is just so Alice
this is so cool it's not that into so
you should plump this this is just my
life right now fellas fellas in the
Yerba his mine that one curious we're
going to get kind of jealous of your
sources I told you it's impossible
Norma careful Peter I catch too much
cheese icing specificity positive so
huge I like the pink
terra cotta interviewing put a
performance and love it I could look at
right by houses by hugs knees to each
other so we can create a state of this
here yes random oh my god a small time
oh my god my life oh my gosh here by the
way at the moment where it smashbox to
do any loose war and its dog free
million my guys they're so happy they
got photo op the khakis you ask just aim
it like rent live glen now up up up this
year you can't see from here
I need to show it I'm not going out
there
I'm not leaving this room because I'll
fall awful something look at this
amazing here prettiest Elizabeth now
we're getting in pink with our security
personnel these security guards finally
thank me thank you
let's chicken in or have already okay
cool all right I was on the TV before
that I was trying to find you I was on
the TV like okay it was ago yes I was
like right across outside of water and
then it vanished I was like nervous
everybody's there for me yeah it's me
that my glasses makeup tutorial hmm I
need to another one I liked that it but
they means I'm like saying up there
somewhere one of my one of those is
given it's probably the one with all
hoping good and wet 1 to 3 for by 6 7
yeah enough I have no idea um girl yes
yes I going to I give it a name time
here we're at this place in the hotel
that was doing it and he nachos I
thought you really fly catchers as I
said not sure so it worked out just fine
OCD not rose jalapeno a bit differently
coriander in it but I'll deal with that
thank you
we can try sometimes yeah you have to
have the current job my career I hate
you so the technique should select race
and we need like some country on my good
cocktail I feel like a shot now my
camera is dying doing okay it's in the
air yeah they loved it so I only had
like $40 $60 cash to life before now and
I was like being screws and then I just
got out 200 bucks to the AGM I'm a
really good beer cupcake if you find the
suspicious look how cute this is very
good
oh my god we need to pour this Sinatra's
are really mind she's like shy just even
though much yeah like 14 I'm sharing
them what's the potty you like yeah
what's the particle teach it away I'm
going to change my battery once they
could yeah I like that
some of the tapes I just want Dana from
Frank is pregnant Ellie
go ahead I got my braces down elbows
