hey guys so today my name is going to
Wellington for my checkup for my
Invisalign
so take you along with me and then when
my stable Malin has a little day out
because they haven't done it in a long
long time just before Hamish gets stuck
in with those exams and everything and
it should be fun I will try to remember
to vlog but sometimes I forget where I'm
shopping because you know shopping we're
doing my makeup in the car this morning
my skin's looking so nice as a woman
don't know why apart from these two but
they're actually flight now
yeah because my smile feels really
strange me not what are they and a lot
different
I just look different to the play move
from what I would use to because this
change and I'm like those are my scarlet
paint but I know it should be good to
hear in white hair yeah you like that
it's a bit excited yes exactly right
you've ever hired to look like you think
that was sitting successful again oh and
your self yet as I'm sure different
crazy
alright so now I'm just going to make
sure that it all fits
okay so nice because it off no sir it
with that the shams plated the stuff
that's another blow and odd it looks
like then okay we're back checking out
on it's on
today this is where she that it's really
cool let's have a look at it Tottenham
bottom yeah everything where she was la
no actually that a way to view it is
from the top so these two teeth that
she's had these screws on no six today a
little glow parts are screwed yeah
that's inspectors but that's me
goodnight
so that's oh she's at today so from here
here at can you see that Shannon where
is it
yeah so I want to try to see it like
from the side what it look like
my nurse is we're going to look at these
two area and it's going to pick the
lower Kentucky something like that such
a government so conscious about yes but
it turns to the buttons at this stage
right now if you started off like that
event trip to sit in completely yes
alright and so now it's comfort and
protected itself because you've been
wearing the elastics of the screws
sometimes you take it off proposition
much you don't need that anymore
oh that's a good angle yes yeah that's
good
this looks quite easy so I'm sure this
had to feel good okay so can you just
remember how you were wearing your
elastics again now though I'm not
theater director and then that I'm sorry
about it correct okay so we're doing the
same thing like I did it
okay so I'll just mention it and I'll
give you around you start you into over
that now
because I know at one stage of the start
you were going to start like I don't
know
yeah everywhere but now if it's just
like on me
show me taste it and so what happened
today screws off screws I've got Cathy
and the sanding stuff oh that is just to
get a better sense for what do you call
it yeah you sandpaper two teeth
basically haha what do you how do I make
it sound nicer making room for this to
start moving it doesn't do it
yeah thank you much interproximal
reduction that that's what it does there
you go I hear I mean I need a haircut
onions relax it's just miss it
anyway hi guys I haven't vlogged in ages
but I'm going to jump on to Shannon's
channel today what are we doing to that
we're having is they used to give it at
Wellington yeah I forget yeah
I figured we would do something together
today because I've got exams coming up
and going to be pretty busy you're going
away during my exams oh yeah
and we were already done here so like
this mess is over yeah so my journey
starting I'm real good I've been doing
really good this year or the semester
hold on I need to take a break we're
like walking up like at CBC
sometimes we have vlogger
I know I get like that so yeah you need
this to miss been going real good I've
got like 9 out of 100 about everything
so far that I've done part of me which
is great and almost finished so the ends
in sight
there was the worst photo I just had the
photo about Shannon I have been looking
at in DB Chester quite a while now and
the first okay so we've been looking at
beach others now the search features we
like there was a mount maunganui and it
was nice everything was good had a big
section it was a stone house but we must
doubt on that because we went to options
and there like that yeah you know that
okay so you know what happened so am i
selling that one there up to the part
where I said that we've got an offer and
we were doing all the check so we've
stand out now so we got everything done
we got like building reports done we got
an invasive moisture tier so much like
they drill and then they check to see if
there's any resistance in the wood and
unfortunately we spend all this money on
like building rapport check the
valuation everything was accepted and
approved we just had to get the final
check on the invasive test and it came
back in a weird way they drilled into
the side of the house water came out for
90 seconds and it looks new it looks
brand new you can't really tell that it
everything was you looking at it you
couldn't tell if there is anything wrong
with it looks new it looks super flash
considering was built in 2004 but we're
at that point where they've come to us
and they've said I will repair it for
you
and we'll get this than those folks and
you can go ahead with it so the problem
is is there as there's another problem
along with that where we can't really do
it I can't really say why people got to
talk that but yeah I think we're going
to have to just not go ahead with it and
keep looking so I kind of suck we've
been looking at looking for so to the
left of us making believe that but we'll
find something else it's just for what
we're looking at and what we want
nothing's really on the market so we're
going to have to wait for maybe another
year or something to keep looking and it
was it was just so annoying because we
had agreed on everything like everything
was fine everything was perfect I just
had to pass the check and it couldn't
pass that I don't think I'd be able
to hear you tell them how long it took
today to find a party minutes I had to
drop her off from drive around for like
40 to 50 minutes just looking for a park
we're finally done it will see how much
will be a charge for the parking here
I don't know happy warm Wellington's or
hurricane $14 once you get 14 or we're
only in the adverse you're probably here
probably we'll see
Jenna Jenna round Wellington footpath so
prior let's see how much it cost scream
hey sister a hole in the next time I put
the new cloth cotton is yes oh gosh I
shouldn't be happy exactly princess that
was under an hour
oh that was like half an hour so because
you came and direct ourselves to a
staple favorite branch place Kopernik
metal of a death that's what the best
breakfast and like salads and all sorts
of stuff so nice
where'd you get your lunch we can send
you love with a moment on what do you
have a knife you got one one climbers my
real fall on that wasn't gonna like
others and then those are weird
if you struggling to focus a little bit
by the way I think is one who bought
love sex and just love strokes no in
liquid lava we win the executive the
diet for the launch because we discuss
on the order so it's really good and
Shannon said that feedbacks been really
good as well whether you think of me as
the formula people are talking about
it's really good you wanna tell them
what that what is trying to scope out to
see when your foods coming
if you guys have been to this play have
you told them about flash if you guys
want to have a nice place and well you
can try and Eglinton they go infinity I
will be doing a year it's just really
happy to park a pond for that or a
Wellington
I don't know how people live it either
at this table number the same one is a I
mean so what are we doing this weekend
going into a milk-chocolate the
summaries are not sometimes when I say
their names either essay telling em
summer I don't know why yes so we're
going out with them this weekend as the
Queen's birthday weekend here in New
Zealand so we're going to question
figures like some like you it's not DJ
now now oh my bap regards the club you
do is there so much boob
another funny Shannon I were driving
around and we I realized we've never
been up to this look at caramel I think
it's mount victoria pretty sure we were
looking at the house prices and how much
was the cheapest one Shin man we saw
this one intense air tasks are called
the classes look at those those flash
one's my favorite
got it come from creeping up you see
their house they're trying to shield the
wind out that the flash today is stick a
stuff atop shop that moment where you
try and like a million things expect
only to like like two or three but then
you end up with this slice
little dance oh thank you tonight says
luck here 20 so wash off my makeup and
I'm not mentally prepared for this task
I'm so over today just type in something
like 5 o'clock I'm so tired I sleep
laughter tomorrow can you go see salient
um er like Amos did I will vlog
