hey everyone so today is a really
exciting day and I once a blog and I
already started filming this intro and
my berry we did so I'm out of there and
I almost did so I got my brand new berry
out of like a package you know it was
like wrapped up so and that was dead
truth heads away until I could charge up
my berry and it is now like a living
o'clock
I watched my makeup this morning which
was so exciting at 8 a.m. I woke up
early hits like the crook 'voice imaging
and we'll try to EDX I've been so
sidetracked and just like looking at all
of your tweets and looking at all of
your comments on Instagram and just it's
just like a really exciting time right
now and I'm like stressing out my stuff
right now that I like to pick in I've
got a good little like chain reaction
happening at the moment like a little um
like conveyer belt situation we were
like people are all doing one different
thing and then like the packages get
past them it's so epic they're doing
such a great job I'm taking out my stuff
at dinner tonight to celebrate as well
as my accountant who has been incredible
how who has so much stuff lately and
some other people have just been helping
with Expo beauty like helping us move
into a new office recently and just
heaps of stuff so that's going to be is
so exciting just to celebrate with
everyone that helped to make it happen
while everyone they helped make it
happen because so many more people you
know behind the scenes and over in Italy
and like all over the place but yeah
it'd be nice to have a nice little
intimate dinner with extra beauty and so
yeah that's happening tonight and some
crap stuffs happening at the moment Tara
but I'm gonna even talk about that right
now because I've really spent a couple
hours moping but yeah maybe I'll see you
later
so its new packages and what I want to
open right now versus tea I've just
really needed here right now I need to
relax I mean I just feel like
overwhelmed excited happy overwhelmed
overwhelmed overwhelmed and just slight
little creepy thing big creepy to me
head in this morning as well but anyway
I'm gonna focus on that this arrived and
I'm like hekia tea me you guys know me
love meeting me
here can you insert oh my god oh my god
oh my god Louie look look at me
listen here get a mask
okay he doesn't get you like that's not
true that's not why therefore I don't
give a damn okay actually I could use
this right now because look at the
situation not mention I'm going to blame
it on stress match your lemongrass claim
our seventy-five percent organic damp
and face lightly with water so that's
unique I haven't heard that before to
apply mask the thing is that applies
dense medium layer on its face and neck
allow 10 to 15 minutes for bus to dry
simply wash off with water and pets can
dry use one to four times weekly as
needed best applied and nightly your
left eye still while I'm editing and
pursuing a chill day say so won't we
have to concentrate if I try to feel
more he's like that mmm I like the color
I was feel so strong when I managed to
take a little thing go power that looks
so good I'm so excited okay we'll try
that thing that's what the sound looks
like wow this is literally what I need
right now
focus - okay I'm gonna put on the jug
and then the last thing we have in here
de e I'm giving this is a new tumbler
classic I've shown you guys these a
million times but basically it's like
double layered so it and if you late it
keeps your tea warm how is it seriously
I wanted to make sure not to boil the
water for too long otherwise a
contouring here for ages so I like boil
it on the low setting and then if it's
too hot I just leave the lid off yeah it
really keeps the hot and then
you can put annual loop key down here
and then put this on top and it acts
like a little strainer filter so you
don't get all the crappy little tea
leaves and stuff in your mouth because
that's not pay sticks and then you live
in bitch obviously you drink at it so
there's a fourth part okay I want to
show you by the way you guys you can get
15% off of all the teaming stuff they
sent me a code here's my email
it's Shanna H I'll put the link down
below so Simpson option H cute these are
I love these two most bananas and the
Sun so basically it's an insert so you
can customize it people already always
ask me about where I get this like when
I take it out in the dark I feel like
it's going to be even more straight all
by the way you can also undo the bottom
I forgot and you can put like some tea
in here like extra tea or like vitamins
other Thursday I'm hang
Lucas tea by the way so if my voice is
boring I felt like doing a chill vlog
just like I said it's such a like
exciting day
oh no not like it's I don't know if it's
exciting for you guys not mean you have
to through the TV focus this one shows
up like peppermint leaf which is
pigments like one of my favorite teas
blood teal agency and guarana sees goji
berry stevia teeth stuff you know you
can look at my website anyway if you
want to have a look I just love tea you
guys know me my whole cupboard is state
with tea I'm a big fan so I just
realized it is a film okay please hold
ahh they makes it look even better makes
little clearer okay hahaha that's data
not even clear because it is imrat along
to me obviously has other cheese as well
I've got like detox funds I don't really
go to those ones my favorite so the
focus I like to relax to the other ones
holding the alive - it's really good
anyways I'm sure you guys will find that
you like on there if you don't want to
get alive the discount code is non
affiliate code so I am sponsored by
teaming which I'm totally fine with
because they're awesome awesome branch
really like this stuff okay I'm gonna
have my teeth
and I'm going to hear this mask on the
before I put on the mask is going to
show you these flowers they turned up
like an hour ago
my mum sings into me this morning she
said Shannon so proud of you well done
well from so nice I love sunflowers and
just for us I will pick some flowers and
anything like that
I love yellow and I love green some of
my favorite colors thank you so much mum
if you're watching this blog so if you
know what I smell so amazing as well so
they look cute little tiny table also we
find out in it
days like tomorrow if we get our beach
house still conditional so we're still
waiting to hear that from the Builder
report and everything and if that comes
back all clear we're going to embed the
bullet and get it and the most exciting
thing is the house has an elevator like
a left so is really exciting it depends
if my family members up to it with the
five hour drive but if she is that means
I can potentially take her my beach
house and show it to her because she
knows I've been wanting it for years
like beach has to be is and has made
sacrifices and done other things before
doing this you know so all in good time
it's finally kind of happening and since
my family member is terminal it's really
exciting that I might be able to do this
before she's gone and show it to her and
enjoy it with her insider' up with me on
the balcony so we can watch the sea and
enjoy the sunset and it's just going to
be the best so fingers crossed
everything comes through I'm trying to
see my hopes up here like the last house
but it's really hard when you listen
vested and you've you know spent all
this money on building rapport
solicitors like lawyers and all this
other stuff so I'm hoping it all comes
back good I'm just granting my face my
skin just like crap this is good time
and I hope you guys had this issue was
like shaking hands I always get faith
math and stuff stuck up my nose ice to
be popular guy like this and it's such a
simple little thing but it really makes
a difference
oh my god I love the color this is not a
flattering angle and another appointment
mind with the line and that type I think
so I'll go do another vlog Lee not
relevant
so you guys more thoroughly in my next
visit and you know I show you some
before and afters and stuff I've noticed
such a difference for days like these
tink I'm moving so much in my front
teeth like this to start moving it down
because as you can see it's like higher
than this one
anyway cuz it'll be all about it I'm
going to do like a mess of your members
way might be intimate of is life but
that's still probably like uncle I don't
know how far away and I already know
still be like a year away until I'm
completely done but who knows
depends how it will go because sometimes
you need a little bit more time than you
think I'll give you a date when you're
going to your complete which I can't
remember what date it is me I'll ask my
grandma visit but sometimes they need to
make further adjustments just feel
change them into somewhere so it can
take a little bit longer and sometimes
it's all at least long just again feel
like I might give them too much
I know Senta medium it's probably go
right in I always put future on my
nostrils because I get so near black
kids in here I'm using my own do you
find that the maroon a little it which
should be home soon
oh hello sure you're looking too mushy
phone today got like three blocks that
to which are my two sticks and I had any
time last week was preparing for the
make up watch so thank you guys for
being real I'm standing there by the way
we've already got so we all the ones
they're telling them brushes right like
a few months ago well a long time ago
the feels like forever ago now and we
got a ton of waters right looks like the
most what's with the head on a lot and
it's only been a couple hours well a few
hours now guess what
1911 three or four hours since we
launched and we're okay well overtaken
it's or my staff are panicking needless
to say I'm just preparing to go help
yeah and I think if I get times nothing
after I did it I forgot some other stuff
have to do it I want to go like science
or business cards it doesn't put them in
random orders which at least really fun
to locate the Songhua how long 10 15
minutes which let's dry simply water
with what I had taste and dress and I go
it's not so good I think it's the
lemongrass in it I can smell it it's
really good I am going to tell you about
the mask quickly because I am interested
myself as well because I've know it is
detox price and
this thing it's good for imperfections
and stuff usually clay masks are good
for fiction okay goodbye blemishes
hundreds and organic matcha green-tea
pulls out toxins from inflamed skin
which removes blackheads reduces acne
blemishes and redness percent amazing
how much describe antioxidant boost our
active antioxidants work to fight the
negative effects free radicals and UV
radiation proof and can help repair
Sunda Michigan and addition this
powerful antioxidant will stimulate dead
skin cells and improve tired and dull of
cévennes nourishing a soothing has
bentonite clay will help give your skin
naturally healthy glow lemongrass helps
refresh and alight in your face root
models can totes in improves your
overall skin glow and we're stressing
healing fights our free radicals softens
repairs reverses damage with natural
healing and anti-aging the detox mask
with you a healthy appearance it reduces
the look of fine lines and wrinkles
really good for all skin types cruelty
free no animal testing non greasy
doesn't block or clog pores one strip
your skin made in the USA right in our
TV headquarters in the Florida super
cool see all that is more in the facial
scrub I want it just thought I'd pull it
up on here and actually show you
actually have just done that while I was
reading it be anyway
we'll see how it goes when I rinse it
off I'll update you I'm going to
continue to get it now
it's pretty much dry considers a couple
pictures which looks a little bit wet
still but it feels like tight like not
unpleasantly high it doesn't feel issue
in here too tight even seeing the water
warm up if you want to want to taps on
look on my nose it's like full-on
sucking the creepy oils are look until
the dots little bit all my excess oil
what actually do they take like a face
cloth with water on it and I'll just
slow myself to wishes all and then makes
it easier to come off it she comes off
really smell so good for it's my way of
candle and I feel like at a lemongrass
candle somewhere because it's my liver
but this Lexi so do we have it that's no
moisturizer or anything how do you think
my skin
does look quite glowy that doesn't look
red it's almost going to be library some
detox masks like that like the ones that
goes typically powder in tight your
group them and sometimes basically
probably but not necessarily a dead
thing when it's bright red but I'm just
surprised that my skin looks is even
after removing it the breakouts feel
super flat feel like sleep I can feel
them in one so soft lately so my
moisturize I've been loving that's like
I still use my moisturizers from my
skincare routine than my Holy Grail but
instead of on my drunk elephant oil I've
been using there's a little bit been
using a beast
it's impure sampler cereal at the Museum
I hear as well I find this was the best
when I apply it when I first slight lead
in we were going I've got research from
the session and blasted oil is
differently a new favorite that it's
time to continue to think currently I am
editing a first impression on a tissue
cover cushion look how cute you are
looking you either cutest dog' evincing
how you the cutest little sausage in
Charlie touches hands lately
getting used to it
and mean to waste a whole lot of energy
by boiling one or poaching wine
arrogance giant Tiber I thought we had
like four egg and man Hamish were both
going to his eggs on toast
the lunch because it's now almost 1:00
o'clock me afternoon I just had to take
some European and then I realize didn't
need today and only at sack that there
was anyone I should have checked before
I did all that but err well so I'm also
going to have some picture on toast as
well I'm starving
I'm so sore a slice the doctor excited
really numb fingers a lot and he said
that it might be carpal tunnel syndrome
I think it's called so he gave me all
this information to take back anyways
like comes and goes that last night and
yesterday like this muscle with my bed
is pretty much my forearm was still that
painful painkillers last night it was
real bad at night it was like a dull
robbing pain as ice my friend who's like
a doctor at the hospital and she was
like yeah probably sounds like something
like carpal tunnel syndrome she said
science really manageable just rest your
arm like don't do too much energy today
tip neurofen and to employment true go
the doctor if your fingers getting on
again that's great my family member is
currently in hospital as I've talked
about earlier which sucks she went there
last time so thanks a lot but it was
something like a blood clot which
comment because she is in a wheelchair
now and she's cancer and so she's got
bad circulation everything but my other
family member called
the hospital I mean called the ambulance
Gladish hospital quickly and I think
they're doing heaps of x-rays and stuff
still at the moment which is like next
day obviously and I was with my friend
about she say yeah they'll probably put
her on some blood thinners or something
like that um she talked me up stress out
about it too much but it could be a big
thing if it wasn't caught early but they
caught it early so it's really good news
because I really shit so I guess today
I'm just like so excited about the
makeup and everything it's still going
absolutely amazing my four staff members
are going to lose me here this week that
yeah now I'm going to remember this day
for a reason small penis a toast service
things took a heavy day about make up
any reasons
just after which isn't in one school and
I feel like I'm being really selfish
right now yeah yeah life get some b12 in
me since I'm not sure I'm overdue for my
short at the moment today ever since my
cortisol come down I find I'm not as
tired even when I'm doing my beat well
like I'm not as sluggish and I can
concentrate a little bit better so that
I think just that whole mix with bad
hormones just Disney over so that's my
goal now to not get my cortisol up again
because that was some of the worst
animal you know ruin my body good egg
with neretva Cato because you know life
just wanted to kick me in the nuts again
it gives me a shitty avatar today will
not be ruined by a stupid indicator I'm
so excited for later looks I do I
celebrate tonight and leave such a
surreal feeling like looking at men
working on something that really alive
pretty much and what probably as three
is by now and the idea being in your
brains that even longer than that and
then this for it to happen for people to
get it and people are receiving it like
not customers yet but I sent some some
friends some people I admire them like
youtubers and stuff I never asked them
to talk about it I knew they'd ever do i
never say hey obviously do something you
talk about and I never say hey can you
say this person that's like I refuse
because I hate when people said to me
you know hopefully so many people will
enjoy the stuff I just hope that they
enjoy it and love it and if people talk
about I'm going to be stoked but they're
asking Kate already did a video and she
was like in love and I was like
literally lying in bed with Hamish it
was talking about a toast like whose is
so amazingly she was so honest and so
awesome she's in one of the colors she's
a I hope this now seen like yay do yeah
you do please come in below and tell me
what your perfect egg looks like because
this is literally micro fatigue when
it's like hard around the outside and
running in the middle like my fave I
don't like it when it's true running it
grosses me out and if it's too hard like
I'd rather eat it too hard then to
running
when some people don't cook the egg
white properly and it's like snot I like
that thing I might head over to the
office and just see if I can help out a
little bit so I know some of those cars
like I said even though my arms like
killing me I probably should not be
doing that it's really sort like the
pink of the took more helped write all
my mom like you're going to have to ring
up a doctor appointment as it keeps
hitting Contino me and cancel them aside
save my life
my mum needs to make my appointments for
me i th though I kind of mind of another
one but also I feel kind of dehydrated
right now so absolutely not
that just upload a little mini video as
well as going to go check it out
just so that just before I go I'm going
to put on it some makeup so don't have
to do it later on
I'm just being back in my face I know
what's wrong with me
got some more fresh samples which Isis
sign-off to which is perfect timing so
I'm heading over there so goody now
by the way that horrendous down is my
Garrett gardening how do people blog and
drive like the house the camera not just
Falstaff in chocolate - there's got more
shitty news about my family member so
there's like blood clot inside her lungs
which is not good story not focusing on
me this is not my fitting Spanish
and that she does not want in MRI which
is fair enough
- lots but we're stirring know how much
longer she is his blood clots in the
lungs from what my friend told me can be
terrible which is going on medication
more medication it's try and dissolve
the blood clot and we're just got to
cross our fingers sorry it's going to be
bumpy
I refuse to like drive and hold the
camera because these dangerous areas so
just going to deal with this for a
moment I'm going to stop working once
again be a wil just go hope that the
blood clots will dissolve and then I oh
no I don't know that thing we're just
making pelos comfortable fossil at the
end you know spin it home for a while
like you guys know if you've been
watching the blocks and keeping up with
everything but that's all we can do
so if you're wondering why I had serious
resting bitch face while I was doing my
makeup you know on there why
located two and a half did indeed indeed
things a bit
Anil pull you excuse me what are you
doing
absence ominous this is like my fault
stack like that hi so lots of you guys
are getting even me my kids keep running
out so dark now what have you been doing
view being in good to sleeping it's like
our survival something now I think so
I've just finished up have signed a few
hundred and I'm going to back home and
get ready for this yeah my poor bills
being at the bench got electrolytes
you're still time come you're pretty
cute
I can feel they're all packed safely
cardboard hopefully a post isn't to
write a check drawn to look cute to her
so I do want on a template well at sixth
on and do you like booted man she's got
um yeah orange all over foot now 45
minutes until it's the no tonight so I
need to go get changed I'm currently in
my Diplo shirt which is probably not
quite right for a nice dinner out
tonight I'm just wearing my play suits
and glycerin to measure miss genex I
cannot find my other black jacket so
doesn't even suit but I guess we'll just
take your point get there anyway
sometime touch on my ankle we just
imagine right out the door sir right
like that for a little work and that's
what the longer your and stuff up
something here I've been here so long
so going to be determined that's coffee
cups coming together
yeah
is massive delicious work and burger
the food chain cake with everywhere
moment and focus camera how you doing
just go back like Kim something an
exhausted maybe should I have it six in
the morning to go pack keenen's
I've got a film tomorrow I don't know if
I'll vlog tomorrow but maybe I will
maybe I wouldn't I don't know
I enjoyed logging today so I hope you
guys enjoyed watching it and for the
first time in a long time and say
goodbye to my book
