okay so I thought I would slow question
when my head stops like a restless blog
today just on my way to the airport
because I'm going to have to Oakland or
the night I've got some meetings to my
management and then it tonight there is
a remix magazine theme I believe so I'm
going to that I have no idea what to
expect I'm going to dress up I'm not
prepared
got some language Reese is going to my
room so hopefully there's something that
I like because yeah it was really really
like last minute and I didn't really
have time to go like dress shopping and
it's a black-tie Venus like citrusy so
I'm sure to be fine I'm really excited
though yeah it should be fine I thought
I was log it because you know it's
different something here
it's such a busy week working on like
new XO beauty surfaced it absolutely
crazy so to be kind of nice they have no
clothes for the day a little bit of a
break even though I still take my camera
I mean camera so taking my computer
because I'm going to get it anyway it'll
be good
you can tell I've just been picking at
my face I can't help myself I don't know
I just got to my accommodation it's so
like you expect onto one tree hill if
you know what that is if you difficult
kleiner if you've based good lighting if
you've been to Auckland excuse the
bathroom and then like a kitchen and the
bed of course and then out there is a
tennis court this it's so cool you know
like I'm going to be playing tennis
let's be real and then out this way
there is a pool how cool is that love it
kind of like someone's house you know
and then they've got this like
self-contained area out of the bag just
wearing out this top here from Texan and
then these jeans here from blessings
they my favorite jeans ever that they're
kind of getting too big which I'm really
pissed off about but yeah and then my
Nikes and has ruined my dinner jacket
which supplements a Wilson am good a
little bit of editing Julia's going to
be here soon julia is my manager slash
friend I will say because she is like
the coolest person ever nothing you have
a manager that you can trust obviously
because you know if being true my fair
share of trying to figure out the whole
manager thing a lot of it was one use
you and abuse you and technology viewing
you know no can make as much money as
they can for themselves but she is the
best she is so selfless and amazing and
I just like actually just go along with
her on a free level so we're going to
have a meeting with you Brandon and me
and her going to hang out nuts I'm
really excited to spend some time with
her because I haven't
you know hung out with her in a long
time so
I forgot to love the menu but we're at
burger burger and hey let's roam and
truly we're getting a fast lunch because
I've got a hair appointment name and
it's in like half an hour you attack
here hi these look like the best things
are similar I got a veggie burger what'd
you get they are dan cheese yes I mean
fatty little fish that she's like looks
good it is so good
so as we taste of those and got my heard
uh net who did my hair Amelia she's so
lovely so this is how it looks right now
who wants to focus I've just got my
touch nicely on while I do my face now
so here's a little before I'll show you
what I was like afterwards of no idea
what I'm going to wear yet so yeah I'll
update you here's my hat so make sure
you look sick ah alright let's get
started okay so I'll show you my makeup
soon but I'm stressed the growl what
freaking we're out of human hair cancer
lighting is actually all wipe it off so
this I would have to stain quickly
accepts a little bit crinkle but this is
from oh gosh what's it called I'll put a
link down below in the downbar to her
Instagram page you may be for me so this
money she made the yes and kind of
needed order properly - if this was just
chucked on
so obviously this would look a lot
smoother yeah this is one option and
then I've also got this gold dress which
she made as well
Dominique something something I can't
remember exactly
so these on sleeves are incredible like
I love the sleeves that this patient
that separate door and this one is from
Ruby which is my other favorite and they
sent me a jumpsuit as well which I'm
freaking obsessed with but I don't think
it's right for tonight I'll try this one
on in this one on just to show you guys
what it looks like see ya one outfit and
by the way I have other shoes so I'm not
quite sure what shoes I'm wearing yeah I
just kind of put these on there from
Ruby I'm just to show my friends photos
so that is the first
actress I love all three of these
dresses by the way I just don't know
which one is perfect for tonight that is
formal so I feel like this one might not
be formal enough but I don't know I love
it to pieces by Ruby which I'll also
link down below I think it's so cute I
don't I'll show you in here because you
can see the color bitter to make
Samantha's way and trace just it's so
cute I just don't know I love the
sleeves like the polka dotty is kind of
separate the sheer it's so cute I love
the color
I just love it with my blonde here I
think it looks really nice but I'm not
so that's option number two okay and
here is option it three which is so
beautiful I feel like this one is classy
AF see how it kind of comes down to my
knee you know the ring and it does have
a waist tie but I feel like I look nicer
like this for some reason this sling is
so like this with this please um but I
don't know how I feel about it it's not
and I definitely think it needs some
plush shoes just like playing it black
knots tricky one is new went back it
looks like
I'll show you what it looks like
done up to an hour just don't know how I
feel about it done up Kotak haha
we're stunning just don't feel like it's
it's as nicely on me with the tie is it
the back it just doesn't fall is nice I
feel it's still cute on that boaters
feel like it looks classy just loose but
it does make a little bit shorter when
it's done oh oh
decisions decisions of my tasting with
my friends take things early on like oh
yeah that is actually quite cute enough
isn't it I don't know I bought my little
steamer with me so I can sing this just
in case I'm going to wear it don't know
yet
a little brighter than I thought right
at least like they look like the silver
in the texture now on the way living
where the Oakland Museum museum run away
I'll show him out in a bit I forgot - oh
I chose the goal so I did show it to you
what is her actual brand name started
Dominique and yet it's doubly keenly
dominate killing do but I will put the
link down below they said you yes I love
gold chain strughold really talking to
the chose the gold so did Kelly and
Michaela so everyone like to go and then
I went with the shield yeah do an outfit
post on Instagram as well if you want to
go like find full stop murmuring yeah I
don't know what's really going on
psychologically again
amazing evening fun look at Julie's
outfit amazing so good earrings love
for me
Adam maybe
cool Ethernet yet hold the gracious pipe
and agreement history actually the
 bird smiles and please
we got an exciting
my what did you get bitch thousand I
swear my truck
in the backdrop I'd like a little better
than one of them either sure
to the very official 20th birthday of
Bremen magazine which we are so grateful
for given a channel be named as one of
the world's most powerful
three thank you so much this thing where
we going we're going to see Paris be
fairest up Hey like a part of the girls
going to see Paris that's right
Abbas ah you would you keep you can't
escape hair look oh my gosh amazing
comics Wikipedia I want to do like or
not okay can I get you straight credit
Krista martini on circumcision
this is the ending
the gloom of shame time to be alive
