good morning everyone shouted wash my
face put on moisturizer in series and I
look bright red oh no I have no been to
the gym I could pretend so this money I
thought I'd try film but the lighting is
super bright so it could be a fail but
I'm gonna give it a go anyway and I'm
going to try out this new ponytail thing
I got and I'm going to do some work on
it's a beauty stuff later really tired
today at least didn't know any idea I
was just like doing with a beard because
I was like I don't make it up to Friday
though and Friday's always fun
I just love Friday's like the weekend is
so close toys more chill like I'm still
working but I feel more positive cuz I'm
like yes tonight is the weekend yeah
anyway so let's get started with this
whole job thing and we wear these today
I feel like using the Carli bybel
palette so I'm going to everyone find a
cocktail that was like the colors out of
the colors local council so I bought
this from like Miss tap or something
like there I can't remember the website
something like that though a UK website
and I'm gonna try it I don't think it's
going to match my hair at all but Yolo
we'll give it a go and see how it looks
okay so when I just like got my hip
crops like this it looks fine but
absolutely I would never wear this out
in public it's looking for videos like
is you today we're going to go out to
Orlando and we're going to symbols and
system lunch and I'm going to come home
and finish off some editing that I
wanted to get done even though I don't
need to get done today because it's not
till next week is to be done but I still
I'd get on top of that having a real
chill day today because I've done it so
much stuff this way like the sweets
being crazy I've been doing so many
draws for it so beauty way more than I
normally do because we're trying to
source some new stuff and then I've also
been dealing with the website sing up
all the makeup pictures because I'm
watching makeup soon now it's been a
filming and everything and it's just
like taking a toll I've been working
hard which is good it's a rewarding
feeling working hard so it's really good
but today it's just a little bit more to
talk about my crazy hair extensions
alright that will enter a country club
that's a nice day
who is getting some lunch and Hamish is
like why does this look like the bottom
of an avocado fishes up sleeve in green
engineer Watson's people hit symbols
sure than your worth is this will have
grubby losses
that's all lying because you're washed
it if you put it in the last those from
sweetie you're disgusting
I transferred energy favor okay next
color if I were a for a random
black Amon five oh yeah it will change
the diagram did you
I thought you walk put it on washing
machine one and went girl now just calm
press remain butter rain laughs weakly
right and that's all like ancient now
it's just a real car boarded
his lunch I'm a burger got free and
onion and lettuce tomatoes would you get
phlegm fell it looks are good
mmm Oran Clary we're here and I'm kind
of started coming together you thinking
it at least two people yeah I was like
right sighs yeah well in one moment when
you're stuck with your doctor clear -
really so I was most enough of that
yeah butBut she so you thought it Maiden
I'm very getting stuck I should have
really thought of that here
hey missha's got himself a new makeup
brushes
Oh more friends wrong so Hamish was
awesome and it got me this will suspend
in to us were calm it's basically
something neat things brought on because
I want to do some phone cases which I'm
still tremors sucked out because so far
the supplies I've charms like the good
quality I started and it's just going to
be like by the time I get them to New
Zealand and then you know cover all my
coughs and then sell do you guys I don't
know if they're going to be affordable
and I want them to be affordable
obviously if it's a frigging phone case
so and still kind of sort out all of
those kind of kinks but in the meantime
I can start designing so little or
myself hopefully we'll see I'm not
terrible at drawing but you know who
knows so hopefully they'll be cool and
hopefully you guys will like something
that's quite like personal you know like
properly like designed by me you know so
yeah we'll see how it goes but look how
cool this is so I'm going to try it soon
basically it looks like this and it
feels really nice
and then that you have your little pin
which is like the math tip so you can
properly like for so kind so handy for
me when I'm designing your makeup
brushes and new lashes and sucks I can
actually like drawing I mean that was
about this
II must because the last one talk to
America and our bags like so full
I couldn't fit it into my bag so I just
like throw it away so eyeballing anyone
off trade me hopefully it's good a
couple of she's using it when I say so
these things get hotter if I would not
do that why do I go in I'm going to
chase you and you chase you I know chase
you oh okay lie down
that's fine see your favorite rack this
is like from Kmart
I think it's gone pay money anyway hi
fifty men little sausage why are you
biting me go that out with just
figure out what to actually don't know
what do you say just as open Photoshop
I'll go into late-game persona me this
is going to take some getting used to
just going through my new video look
clean to my disk finally look I keep
Safari new situations have made this
Turki and then I want to do the fun and
glitter like glitter background so let's
go to and I think I'll put like Sofia
logo on them too so I'm just saving room
for it I don't know okay so I wanted to
write the moment and say what I write
and I was like ever like Heba and the
nice day I love it I would totally rock
this
