hey guys me and Hamish and Tama and
Sully just touched down in Sydney so
we're staying at the same place right
the Merton mirrors and sweeps I'm just
like apartments and we're gonna go hit
out now walk around make them all food
drinks I don't even know yet but I'm not
wearing any makeup it's way too hot I'm
gonna be wearing makeup in the heat
tomorrow my outfit this top is from
whitefox boutique and the skirt here to
be honest I kind of remember where I got
it from I've got my t-shirt typed into
it looks kind of awkward I would rather
wear a crop top I didn't bring one and
I'm just gonna wear slides and my little
Gucci um big we're saying like right
nice the more and I hunt for some snacks
some sushi
yeah we've got an empty fridge what have
you got to put in there there's giant
box it isn't the same oh I thought
that'd be Ken's okay we know
individually wrap it's fancy crisp taste
surprising how much were they dozen
gonna bring a phone in the charger I'm
sorry I just feel like it do you want to
bring the bun Sally thought her phone
got stolen but it said hair yay
we got grilled and we forgot to vlog I'm
the worst
we're at the ripoff of I don't know it
looks really good we like spied on
everyone else eating it well it was
pretty good Samantha I hate that that's
delicious
did you have anything I'm just getting a
speech time make sure people don't know
great yeah you did a really terrible job
after time I finished in time this is
the room that SLE and Tom are staying in
yeah it is it's got a good view it's
Friday it's wedding day we're going to I
don't know eating sushi I don't even
know what we're doing but we're walking
around because we're not going to get
ready to later on so flog a few things
this morning but yeah once again I'm not
taking my vlogging camera with me
actually I might because I might take
photos but I'm not gonna vlog later um
and then tomorrow we might go shopping
hey mission tomorrow Beckett the sushi
place once again so good what's it
called hero sushi yeah my one-year
service oh god I'm gonna get some later
for lunch
yeah the juice hold on your what is that
color in your throat and it just makes
you feel coffee and gross coffee
I wanted the coffee one that I had milk
in it seriously Victor tell us
oh my god I could drink coffee at a time
if that makes me yes I'm so excited
about this stuff
time to get ready for the wedding I put
on some of that shimmering stuff from
Lovington it looks so pretty
just like one my shoulders and chest and
everything so I think I mean with this
which I got from through veneer and
maybe like this cute little moon Nick
class you can't really see the dress
very well I'm sliding because the lights
are yellow but just because it's not too
tight it's nice and flowy and summery
and just pretty I guess like you know
it's quite classy and pretty so I think
it's quite nice for a wedding it was
either there or another pink one that's
a little bit roughly the other one's a
little bit tighter and I'm just like and
some like nude hills and a nude bag gold
jewelry just maybe straight here and
some nice like some polish makeup I just
want to wear like not natural makeup a
very simple makeup got all my stuff I'm
gonna head over and see Sully now for
everything matches dry shampoo makeup
bag shakes a pellet cute hey guys so
here is it my makeup for the wedding
tonight so English I'll continue to vlog
tomorrow after this I'm wearing a fancy
lashes and then shakes my pillow my eyes
just like a little bit of gold and then
I'm using that tone wood eyeliner and
then my inner corner is
Oh chichi I don't know where it is one
of those like mutual I should ours and
it's the pinky tone one and then I'm
wearing serendipity a liquid lipstick on
my lips right so beauty I mean I'm using
the Charlotte Tilbury highlight want for
my blush is here the pop by Clinique
and then my foundation is the Clinique
show in one foundation and my brows a
benefit
yeah run Nate's the chalkboard 911 I
made Sully try it so I just say formed
okay I told sell it attracts it's really
good Joe you like okay I'm just
featuring a special didn't do min I am
wearing the new except you do lipstick
at school deja vu I can win a bit pink
ik but he'll look funnier but it's more
like a nudey colors I could yes any of
you guys watching my youtube videos you
know I don't have perfect skin so I'm
wearing the Joe McCall foundation it's
amazing
seriously covers any a little like
pimples or anything
wearing the hace ma powder these are
also the fantasy measures by EXO
beauties be my favorite look how pretty
they are the Lighting's clinic the Melo
cosmetics brow pomade
what's my control Bahama Mama from the
balm and then I'm wearing the Tom Ford
it's like a blush and highlighter little
duo cost me so much money but it's
really pretty
I want to get that one it was out of
stock so I've got this one so it's not
like a contour palette more like the
boys are like I don't like that last one
so it's like oh my gosh I'm like so into
their makeup at the moment but it's so
expensive and my place is from lessons
and this is for all misguided did you do
your health and my brow it's from Heidi
Klum intimates cute I just bought this
today from Froome it proven you right do
you do decide to pick
and then I don't know where I got this I
think I got or once it it's just like a
tiny little necklace with a moon on it
Pandora I don't have any earrings or
anything in that destroyed ammonia and
then I'm wearing my ruby shoes heels and
the clutch it's wrong white folks we
take it's super cute yes I just looked
like the as kind of like jewelry you
know yeah I guess we will talk to you
guys tomorrow
good morning the wedding was amazing
today is Saturday and we're gonna go eat
because we're stopping and maybe go to
Bondi later and check out the beach or
some passion yeah this is why possibly
take those are white folks we take I
really like the scare in a stop super
cute and comfy this is my kind of home
this juice is a bit yes it's so nice
it's some carrot mint orange and apple
it's so refreshing
nugget I don't even know where we are
that we will be in connection I don't
even know her away
so far so good I thought Expedia with
spinach and Emma Kotter
hamish go that way semmen and hash
browns and then selling up being what we
were gonna do is we're gonna have like
miss Ellie's cocktail with Shannon
solemn pledge this is reality right hey
Shannon we didn't want if we wanted it
to be authentic so this is what an
actual cocktail looks like once every
few sucks
notice how that's why you shittier than
that yes but they're good because they
had good boxer and Tom we got a cider
you enjoying it mate
buddy view
why you so tired no one wanted to go
swimming unfortunately but I was asking
busy car bro oh no future cars that are
prior yeah we've even seen without
probably form of a state one good boy
was he's driving like that
we'll let them off we're gonna pick me
up and over
I know mate so here we went for a walk
uploaded a beer which is nice and the
waves are good might take it up in a bit
for you good day you here so Tamara and
I got a seafood platter I just got here
I've made a head which this before and
we just have to Google how take them so
you mean to like move around with your
pork when the Shelf a long time are
doing it yeah well do I'll do mine with
you they don't look very good
tipping into a math are you gonna do it
without me about what if you okay so you
took the engine out and you drink it
oh you mean put are you gonna bought it
sounds good
well how was the texture I feel like
that's the thing you're most worried
about
we're at the cider you buy in kitchen
together it's really cute it's quite
fancy we came in the other night we were
like in flip-flops or like no we cannot
eat here dressed like this so we came
back tonight with like master fun like
this how's your drink
looks good gin martini red wine
what's this is a bit else you're on your
side today
all right that is this vlog done and
dusted I hope you guys enjoyed it even
though it was pretty much mainly food
it's initially got to match it was just
a whole lot of relaxing and chilling out
and then a large chunk taken out by the
wedding so I had the best time and it
was really good hanging out with Sally
antemer as well so now me and Hamish
have the next holiday to look forward to
it was just the more days which I which
will be seeing Chloe again there so
it'll be really cool thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll talk to you
guys soon
