hey guys I just finished filming I did
this look here using my shinik so
palette on my lips and I what is this
today I really want to do some baking I
want to pick some a few Jonathan's
because my tree is just like unloading
itself there is literally like 15 skewed
rollers on the ground outside right now
and I picked them up yesterday so that's
like over 9:15 okay so go online if you
lose so yeah if you're like I might make
some muffins and I don't know I don't
know what else to do with my days apps
but emails and work session t sub you
substitute intimating probes and love
this makeup look this look colors
perfect these lashes are the sleigh
lashes the Shelby sleigh lashes they're
really pretty really long so me and
Hamish it decided we can grab lunch
today here's the meringue Nicholas I
think I got this one sit or misguide us
on his days ago and then this top is
from romwe these jeans are by Wrangler
and then at my shoes I think from
princess Polly yeah I'm pretty sure I've
got my jeans rolled up to some social
and it way too long for me see ya and
then this actually has a bend I don't
know whether to show the band I have it
tucked under like I just did
I look so tall on camera but I'm really
not it's all an illusion and I like a
girl like that and then meringue at my
GG hand bug where after get so much is
so narrow bows down this road lightly
but they still doing the power line
staefel is it so confused
ah so what do they keep doing down here
every time I leave my house it's like
roadworks almonds because these used to
be on the ground and man put them above
why'd they put them above the ground I
don't even know right Oh maybe and maybe
they'd to repair it'll clean so like
they're like told them all out from
under the ground because we love the
ground and then they're going to going
to put them back under the ground at
some stage you're on like the hey anyway
it's really annoying because this is
like what is more roadways up there this
isn't one of the main roads and pomian
is just like terrible road work all the
time but oh well that's just like going
to go get some sushi a famous trip today
cuz usually what I choose we go to Kay
thank you but any like I want to choose
I'd like you I knew you're going to
associate I felt like sushi Pleasant
images being teens which is always way
too long who can it what what kind of
issues you inner chicken she's never sat
right and I got as a cutter and what's
this care I think carrot and cucumber
I can even like spotted eating it in
order to came out or it is just so quick
he's there who's that
hey is this oh hi did you miss that
we'll let it go for an hour so soon I'm
going to make some it future with
muffins so I love it and also we're
actually first I'm going to go do some
editing real quick so your first
impression today foundation is looking
at preciate nice by the way change my
lipstick for okay I think acute you are
why are you doing the Sun was shining on
him but it just popped behind a cloud
hey you so handsome
once your time doing
I am going to go sneak some see Jonathan
hopefully they taste good I found a
recipe on Chelsea sugar website CAI
remember which recipe I use last summer
thing about being like a family or city
if I don't have it so I'm googling it
and that's what came out okay I'm going
to make like a double batch and take
some onion in green lid because they
bought me the tree and I want to be like
look at beasties what the tree gave me
it was my half woman prison from them so
that's how long it took to actually they
produce some pajamas we moved in early
2014 and is now 2017 took it long enough
but to be fair I've had my lemon tree
since I moved into my house in Auckland
so every 2013 6 getting of 2013 or end
of 2012 I think wait I don't even
remember anyway I've had about four
lumens or three if my orange trees got
nothing just nothing so I got that like
a few months after my lemon tree so it's
just a doctor in dude featureless recipe
it just looked like an easy recipe and I
was like yep I'll try that because then
you take ten minutes to prep and ten
minutes to cook apparently I'm not very
good at baking guys I'm very at cooking
I am baking I'm not good at the whole
like measuring thing you'd think it
would be easy but I just guess and it's
probably not a good idea when you're
baking share any milk to mix can use
almond milk because I'm going to here am
I see jealous then I grew by myself I
had like I did something but really I
just planted it in the ground
okay
at the feature and this is two cups of
flour two teaspoons of baking powder I
have this because I'm dumb oh my gosh
this stuff going to be with when people
write with the base do they account for
like powder and stuff lying outside of
the bowl because surely there's no
longer at two cups of flour in here
okay so need to be soft
what is soft now I'm just spooning isn't
here
now these go in the oven for how long is
the trip 10 to 15 minutes you and you
like to get everywhere like look at all
this just tie it up and now I'm going to
edit a blog thumbnail proper vlog again
oven beeping Melia speeding yeah oh my
god they smell so good
Hey oh my god they actually look decent
oh my god they look good hee hee I'm not
gonna lie I'm like it's pretty frickin
proud of myself hopefully they taste as
good as they look
oh my god I should put cream cheese in
there
guys I messed up I just realized that I
didn't put a nonstick into the non-stick
pan I mean I had put oil into the pan to
make it nonstick I screwed up man
what's going so well
whoo-ha-ha they're falling apart
Oh God why maybe always looks like cool
down ball
ja okay okay students like pieces fell
off the bottom pretty good here a little
bit dry I feel like I should have used a
little bit more the AMA milk maybe
because I'm a milk to not like creamy
like normal milk but that's still good
in fact I'm going to eat a whole one and
then man ham assuming it unhealthy does
matter we are making nature I'm so
excited
first the wait what do we have we've had
vegetables one night America tons of
broccoli I had this weird craving for
broccoli mashed potato and silver beet
go figure so we had that one night and
then last night we made homemade like
butter chicken curry with like potatoes
and capsicum and onions was so good and
it may not chosen at what ever probably
like your ass I love making nachos I
feel like they taste so much better than
cafe nachos I don't know if we had like
the best nachos in America I think this
is what's triggered it because we're
craving like American nachos and you
Dylan da chose and not as good so we're
going to make some and it's absolutely
good so I'll show you how I make them
too okay yeah I just ate a whole one
actually half one home assuming one half
and we hit it with olive ining and it
was so good so tangy like the feed
roller flavor was so strong so good you
got hungry really literally thinks of
being treat every sinner tonight why did
it okay Lily gets more than you want
something he wants them he wants it
yeah mm-hmm
you good
so this is the cheap way of making that
chose just I'm just doing beans and
salsa don't know how many more need and
if you for made sauce I did both can
gonna be enough I'm not just here for
about eight people so if any of you guys
want to come over and join us feel free
so let's ruin your ball mmm
we don't have a right epic Otto here is
her walk more of like a chunky avocado
salsa and the nachos in the oven I'm
going to leave them in there for like an
hour
few more minutes not on just till the
cheese is all melted and the chips are
hot stand there today you make ripoff
nachos yeah what time is it always
honest soup in a cloth I've been working
like all afternoon and all night
what a great day this is for miles but
that's good that's great correct my name
matches again please going to have a spa
I've got my bikini on it they'd be
freaking freezing cold I won't show you
guys the lights what yes see how this
one change color blue and it was purple
and it was pink and I hope in here
before I appreciative to some reason a
baby if I just do this I've made now
I wash my face we'll go like slow-mo -
now that I have to tell spa and my pores
are nice and open from the steam and the
heat my hair looks really bad right
I don't even think this is better anyway
I do exfoliating marks because I can
feel my skin is quite like rough just
around here I get quite like rough skin
around here and real crydom okay so I
use this like a week ago it was amazing
it like not burn your face is very minty
fresh it like tingles a lot on your face
or if your sense of skin not sure if
it's for you but it made my skin it feel
like brand-new afterwards it was so
refreshing and like insecure 18cm uses
the tissues kind of like a premium glam
glow like it's a little bit bits in it
by the way I feel like continues I'll
bring this top well so my here now I'm
going to leave it on for like a minute
oops that feels like very cooling how do
I measure sheet so much of this in my
eyebrows
I put some facial oil on my skin is so
I'm vlogging pink' is from like
scrubbing my face must go through it was
so much smoother now click down here and
down here a high low that makes my skin
feel so clean see ya
here's another good Korean PG face mark
I'm guys like now guys enjoyed the vlog
and I'll talk to you soon ahh
