hey guys I thought I was loved today I'm
just gonna film a video I'm going to do
like a get raise me for like clubbing or
night out or whatever even though it's
like 9 a.m. on a Friday just because I
feel like drifting out but in our so yes
that's the plan I'm going to do like
here makeup outfit so it'll be fun and
then it'll probably film something else
on this day that Lighting's okay and
then I might just immunity later raised
logs already edited so I'll put one of
those up and I don't know what else
we're getting out to we should be being
good today and eating at home cooking at
home been cooking the last couple nights
so that's very good because you guys
know how lazy I've gotten with cooking
yes the lighting it was a little bit
from America I like you know daylight
savings changes everything
the lighting in my room is just terrible
for filming so I'd better get to it you
see the bright sun stand creep in now oh
finish I love the way my makeup came out
today I'm organic so beauty lipstick lip
gloss on top that is not mine and
Natasha general applause but this is lip
color
um and I did my hair outfit and a makeup
yeah and I feel like filming another
video now so I'm going to do that I
think I'll do lip swatches possibly I've
got heaps of mail but I think I'm going
to wait till Monday to do my unboxing
because the lighting is going to turn to
crap soon and unboxing videos usually
take me like two hours to film so I
don't really think I should be doing
that right now yeah so I included my
outfit and that's a video today so
here's a sneak peek and yeah keep it up
for it's probably out by the time you
watch this who knows if it is I'll link
it down below okay I ended up filming a
unboxing because the lighting outside
she went okay and I just sit on the
ground and like filmed it yeah there's a
lot of stuff so now I am starving I'm
going to go and find some food going to
have a cup of tea
I'm having it the tea me what's fun
you're liking it alive
and just friggin filthy I wiped it down
quickly but like got crumbs everywhere
don't even know what happened cus funny
variable T was so different mobile T big
oh hi
no you can't hit ski snow full sir I
finally grew my first feature which that
feels really sir you know it fell off
the tree my mom's like just wait till
they fall off the tree in fact I think
if you Milan have actually fall off the
tree
I better get them before the bird sir
you just so much mud done actually was
good no one will come many are on here
so I'm here you guys were like I don't
know what a feature is you guys are
missing up somehow it even came up in
conversation with Lauren in Malaysia I
mean how much turtles Matt feed rollers
and Britt and Carly were like what the
heck is a few dollars and I was like
what you guys are missing out what are
you doing honey see
he wants it
thank you
yeah hey mistook this for a road
Hey you in for a run this morning lucky
you're in a daze oof okay so cute
looky here I seriously but I used the
cutest of it at the scene no one quite
knows why he gets so fat
we don't film treats we don't overfeed
him at all that sometimes I wonder if it
has something to do with when he had
parvo as a puppy like maybe it damaged
has you know access to do little their
insights in every animal he's like
damage the wall but the bits not worried
he was like you can try and make him
lose a little weight
but he's okay so he's just waiting there
you're not going to a trade I have not
made it to sandwich in months so today
is the day
and there you have one chibi is in the
color white onion and pineapple toasty
yeah so I feel quick update while it's
cooking my god I need to unpack so so
then I'm pet from Manny America traps
and we got that quick what the week in a
hospital or something or more I don't
even know anyway why does it update on
it the Botox so I just put up my botox
like yesterday if we've got it done but
I actually got it done like I think it
was like over three weeks ago now please
hear my eyeball
I might actually have to check my
calendar to confirm of sex do we go but
anyway it was a few weeks ago and so you
may you know find what I'm saying some
lips I already did a little snapchat
story slash Instagram story update but
for those of you who don't follow me on
Instagram I wanted to do an update so
basically like it was well over a week
ago
I realized that I was waking up in the
morning no headaches no jaw pain nothing
and I guess I realized because obviously
grinding and clenching your teeth so
subconscious anyway I like was like wow
I actually haven't been grinding and
clenching my teeth there's no pain this
I feel like the swelling's gone down
already but the actual muscle size takes
like what did I say like six weeks or so
to show a difference
but I don't even really care about that
like the smiling is going down or read a
lot in the muscle size reduced already
because in mine biz Alliance or whatever
there's a bonus but just the fact that
I'm not in pain is incredible some of
you guys are coming through my blog
saying
Shannon you need to get a nice night
guard that I totally agree I will
definitely get a night guard but not
into unfinished minds as a lynx I can't
do both you know what I mean I have to
wear mines alone 22 hours a day so
there's no point getting a night guard
at this stage so I was really excited to
try out the Botox treatment I went to
the face place which is located in the
city center and all play like a broom at
they were amazing I'm just so happy
there's no pain like at all
I'm not clenching I'm not groaning and
obviously I can still talk I can still
smile like I can still you know I've got
full face function didn't affect
anything like I was like really know
best even I knew they would
professionals they've just heard so many
horror stories of people going to people
that you know qualified to do this area
having a lopsided smiles and all sorts
of stuff but it all went smoothly and
honestly like it I cannot describe the
feeling or the lack of feeling I should
say I think raining my cheeks are so
long now like you guys been watching my
blogs I've been complaining about it for
a long time and it's just so nice like
not doing it to some pain it's just
amazing so yeah I'm really happy that I
did it I'm so happy that I did way way
more effective than the pills I was
taking for a while I got one for my
doctor and I was really hesitant to
continue using them when my friend she's
also a doctor she looked at what I was
taking and she was like these are
actually really really terrible I think
it was for my kidneys or something and I
was just like well and I know Botox
is you know obviously poison as well I
feel like I'd rather do that by a
trained professional then continuously
every single day take pills for an
extended period of time that could be
damaging they're worse so you can't win
really but I mean Botox is easier and it
lasts for a really good amount of time
hopefully it's supposed to anyway but
yeah I'm really happy so far so there's
my little update it is working
and they said that for slimming effects
like I can't tell you if that works I'm
not yet because it does take a few more
weeks but personally like the pain has
completely gone I'm not grinding I'm not
glinting I can still clinched like if I
personally try it's just my subconscious
isn't doing any more like I can still
bite down hard I can still chew my food
I can still do everything it's just that
my brain isn't making my face do things
I don't want to do anymore so thank you
so much - Marjorie I think it was at the
face place like thank you so much can
hear my twisted sandwich this layaway.we
crap of cheese overload I'm gonna leave
it for another minute or so except for
its really soaked I don't usually use
that breathitt Hamish is bread but
you're by current people again mind out
the freezer how do you do what are you
telling what are you doing why are you
not on the minute yeah he's loving that
toilet leaves had that ages like every
year he Nidhi used to like it and all of
a sudden he's obsessed with it like this
like rubbish stick thing plastic stick
on a love site my unboxing or today and
it makes sense it's all these clothes as
well I'm so excited
they're so cute you guys will love this
unboxing is so much exciting stuff like
look at that I should see ya after lunch
I'm going to put up a blog I'm going to
maybe put up a social media post and
then I'm going to unpack because I
desperately need time and I know whom I
should see me annoyed at makers you guys
know how I am absolutely when it comes
to unpacking it's like the worst thing
ever
also we are seriously looking into a
house at the moment we finally found a
beach house we will not put the
beginning of this week - oh Sh Friday we
went out Monday Tuesday and found a
house it's like Dreamcast material and
loved it and we're just kind of doing
all the building reports and stuff at
the moment so we'll keep you updated on
that I'm trying not to get too excited
because you know the last half obviously
didn't work out we lost at the auction
this house is not option which is good
just like office so who knows NMR I'm
trying not to be excited but it's
difficult because it really is amazing
so I'm crossing my fingers post oxide
yesterday too and I like launched my I
mean not launched when I announced my
makeup line with extra beauty on my
Instagram you don't know yet now you
know doing makeup with XO beauty so I
meant seen any details yet I just did
like a picture of a lipstick because
obviously lipstick is going to be
evolved and it's like one of my favorite
plants predator base makeup price I had
to walk to obsession so excited this is
one of the colors I did remove the gloss
from my lip color before I started
filming my unboxing and then I just
touched out the lipstick a little bit
haven't touched up since then so it
lasts really nicely as well just for
like a normal lipstick you know it's not
necessarily a long lasting liquid
lipstick anything it's just good
old-fashioned lipstick which I love I'm
obsessed with it obviously it's mine of
course it won't create something I don't
like look at the state of this and I
creep I love it burnt cheese like this
here is like my favorite anyway I'm
going to go eat this now I'm still
looking forward to it and her my reason
so long it's a mess and it's clean it's
and you're so excited yeah and I've got
mint tea on the forgot currently
uploading a declutter probably up by the
time you watch this vlog also got it
drugstore makeup store going up and
what's the other one like a first
impression I think oh my gosh I got so
many videos really have my scholarship
Webb and he took us around and the first
night we just had dinner we settled into
our hotel and then the second I knew
about super Ellie and we went over to
Deimos to my lipstick stolen after
eating a greasy a if cheesy twisted
sandwich so that's good okay now what
we're going to do is show you guys what
the inside of the future looks like
because I want to eat it my camera is
dying go figure
so here it is I think they taste kind of
like cake and a gnarly just citrusy a
sour grape liable if it's what I really
dislike it sky like you've really just
screwed up this is my first we drive
ever grown myself hopefully it tastes
good
so good so these are the best and
muffins like Sidra muffins feed your
bread and feed your smoothies what's
apply themselves so it's three or four
pm and I just think editing and stuff
doing some social media stuff and now
I'm going to unpack these two giant
suitcases that'll make em share P so I
finished unpacking I just want to show
you some of the souvenirs we got from
America and stuff I forgot to get
immolation shot glass which pisses me
off this plane is at Los Angeles lilius
sorry extra first and then we've got
this other in the bigger is a shot glass
but we're going to use it as a shot
glass from Disneyland and then Hamish
picks this Christmas decoration for the
Christmas tree from at Disneyland and
then I chose these two got Wiley which
is on my favorite like animated movie
and then Timon and Pumbaa because I
always think that this was like Pumbaa
and Lilly's late tomorrow like the way
they look because this is short and fair
and then even though Tamar's tiny but
you know your skinny airs like Lois yeah
time to relax lots of time for 44 ok
excited lower yet rip them off mm-hm
you ready Louie
this is not like I don't even care yeah
they like the new food I should show you
guys what is it some day remember what Z
we peek or something a DVT Kimmy peak
yep Organic and really natural and offal
isn't nice yeah
eat your food yeah thank you sir yeah so
good
when they're chopped boys mouth again
they're so quick
she's like not even showing it anxious
swallowing it okay this one's picked up
for dinner this is me okay with us we
must sell this is the half set we went
for but didn't get so the photos inside
yes oh yeah
it was super cool but the one we're
looking at now I like even more so it
was meant to be but this house is still
amazing so who is the one it will be
very happy
