hello Vegas hey guys we just got to
Vegas after like 20 how long 20
something else Rosa Flores yes a very
exhausted thought we make the most
faster noon we're going to go to Fremont
Street like that and in a moment which
is still mushy and looking around we're
just staying at Planet Hollywood it's
like the enteral it was like 200 bucks
for three knocks combination copy yeah
we send them all at the moment and I
wander around I need to buy some face
wash because I was done with this -
little ass to excel in Kuala Lumpur
look at the size of this she's still way
down the roller coaster and I mean I
mentioned was like lost our voices from
screaming screaming scary my second time
it was amazing you need to go that way
maybe latex with I hadn't been an ionic
channel for about to do this small
Philippa
I want your stuff line through Michael
think I'm out of the slot machine out
here and otherwise you don't see the
wise you can clear now you know all the
way down through the tunnel years both
Phillip and make sure you have to get a
second son line 0 to this boss not the
other sport Dominion to be waiting
forever for no reason like we know these
are mean to be bullet earrings forever
look closely and only localize all that
you're now looking like large fuller oh
fail i respond she lands one o
heartbreaker
oh why not sharing here have fun this is
visual
no you have been I'm actually gonna
watch
my shows about that
being a cringe cringe es Lingam
obviously encouraged they told us to do
that dinner out with shuffling on moving
in
I got the hold them up a little bit and
the kids always just like car bottle
opener magma
Joseph wait rational
Oh
Oh
I'm so personally attached in America
when they tell me how many calories are
in the meals I won't this advertiser
like that that's like my day pretty much
not me and Sully should then and we
should perform I go under and you do
oh you given us here but I mean I don't
like a meal no looks right sir I told
Hamish we need to come here at least
once because I really enjoyed it last
time so I could better maybe could you
burger
I changed my mind I want the macaroni
and cheese is a gas station very same
amount of calories yeah how does the
same amount of calories are no it's
almost the same amount of calories is
just the making cheap weirdos yes but if
years know like I really kicks I've a
didn't like nothing today literally this
is the first time we eating what time is
it Hamish can
and inside Kim getting bigger I would
hate sellers Hamish Hamish is good he
gets college and then I'm sitting there
like burgers hello and fries they come
for us
without guacamole and chips and sliders
I'm full already
whoo yeah good pop the children and
we're definitely changing a bookies
dissipated we almost agree it's so good
I love this place only thing is like
these servants is her that was like my
new Andre know what slider normally if I
want something cool what's what is there
a compose one but I could make more I'm
here
yeah I have one intimate in what's your
name is maybe dollars are going to save
let us look live for that let's guitar
yeah I got a pic you beggar look at that
song what was the second in there to
kill civilians
cycling through his veins and rockin
socks
all right see if it's good
mainly my witness time oh you are classy
these cheese taking off your chair as a
good
i'ma just said pop how are your fries
this is massive sin do it I'm coming for
my younger brother I did community it's
circling you I should have loved it I am
NOT okay right now look what black eye
or something last night wasn't into a
project I'm going to like love and
everything but don't like my camera so I
couldn't do it and then hit today during
the day we had shopping foreign stuff
I'm going to do a haul when I get back
to New Zealand see ya
Scott shared room with me I'm an idiot
and then this morning I was like what on
the door and there was like this perfect
like marking with my boobs and face
apparently I covered myself and claimed
while he slammed the door
do you eat the pasta get it plate one to
me and plate lunch from you but today
I'm not so sure
it's so small Disney villain here that
can cheat right sir please I'm chips
give me a little
my future that's better I'm tapping out
I don't even know anymore I know this
Bahama shirts look you time to brave the
world we're going something I feel sick
