hey everyone we are in Malaysia we just
landed a few hours ago
shall we got dressed we're going to
explore for a bit we've got a good sleep
on the plane so with a bit of energy but
I feel like we'll crash in a few hours
we are staying at do you remember where
it is I have an order cool Mandarin
Oriental Kuala lumper I'll show you our
view it's a freaking beautiful look at
that oh it's hot I can feel it through
the glass super humid over here so yeah
we're going to go explore a bit find
some food quite hungry and then later on
we have a like a dinner with some
investors and stuff I don't know what
mid of law I don't know if I'm supposed
to blow cable not hey
and then at tomorrow we've got the
social media Asia Awards so prevent
preventing and presenting an award and
I'm freaking out can tell I don't know
why agree to this or am i doing like
Shannon step out your comfort zone
shouldn't have done it already destroyed
the bathroom
hey guys okay we're almost ready am i
with us to think oh yeah two people
cover up Pete's here I'm at the temples
I think you sure I'm good
if you're wondering this tissue is from
princess Polly I think and then they
shot from misguided I'm gonna wear my
shoes from Peter Marie so much stuff
these ones
every time correct them all with
wondering I'm hangry
yeah wreaking accidental Malaysian first
life yeah I've really needed much
Malaysian what did you say don't be like
no because I'm a lots of likes oops I
think in my noodle I notice on the plane
I'm soon another firms here for some
people is little that's why I sell store
is friggin beautiful I want everything
oh my God look sure yeah
so it's not very busy maybe quietly oh
my god yeah huge exercise in Cuban sort
of three cameras on that wait to see the
one in LA
Nando's okay we're back to the mall I
failed earlier well I look around we got
some servers forgot to vlog that's so
tired to remove it the hotel slips like
brie Alice now I feel really really cool
huh
no but now I feel like I'm dreaming and
my hottest place is horrible I hate this
part of traveling so like that like
Euler looks logic so now we're looking
for coffee which isn't Lanka
we're going to get Saba gentlemen from
their house is running it on the other
and it's trip kissing shot and then
hopefully we'll be awake question this
time tonight we may have dinner with
everyone busyness romance ro busy now
suppose we were in more than like yeah
we came early
yeah man today it's funny too because
the time difference isn't even bed it's
just like your travel like Titan may
have 24 hours different light and uses
like four hours a hit at the time here
so I've done my makeup to the night it's
like pissing down 3 at times don't get
dark but I think still absolutely guys
I'm wearing the Wanda last by XO beauty
lashes my lipstick as I kept one day
occurring the name this lip liner is
bombshell I believe by chichi this is by
at Ruby and then my brows a benefit
Cabral and in the Urban Decay Brown
tamer and what else
blushes must have by makeup store
foundation is laura mercier photo finish
something trancing or what's called a
change the name anyway I might really
know this the earrings are from
colleagues my clutch is going to be from
Collette and now she's got some pinned
wrong I've got my hair in a ponytail I
don't know why I do this weird face a
cheetah um I said I like to point out
something why I like the ponytail with
the high neckline I don't know
and it wasn't here anybody so I'm
stressed it's like pissing gathering now
this is good a human is out there with
destroyed our room like regular I
thought it was right this lighting is
right oh yeah Chewie
sorry I just hair eating dinner at the
moment
oh not really but I don't really know
what any of this is I think this is
chicken I think this is hurt cameras
everyone is very bad and they are
wearing our 1200 median prom forgot some
fried rice
this is so we can I and with the shrimp
I love it your mom would like this
so cool with all the buildings they look
so nice that's the best day I think so
that's the dinner zone it was really fun
so there is a drinks party thing it'll
live in which is in like two hours from
now but we're quite tired plus the last
thing I want to do is get drunk and in
you know come over for tomorrow let's be
honest injun I've gotta get drunk what
are you talking about I don't know and
anyway so it's in two hours by the time
that rolls around we'll probably be
asleep so we'll just see how we go a lot
of we're not going dead stay one done
and he needs to find Collier so so nice
so was Judy she's so awesome like has
nice to finally meet her after all the
time and you guys may know like we did
just swap ages ago which headed online
everything like it's just so nice to
meet people in person that you've
cheated too and she was just so nice I
mean she was really nice and like all of
the people here I should really cut into
so so far so good feeling a little bit
better about tomorrow about Subaru never
me and colleagues to pronounce pronounce
what we have to present the first order
so that's kind of good at least there's
no expectations as I said to Judy I like
will set the bar low yes it'll be fine
hopefully I want just wash off all this
makeup yeah so we're here at breakfast I
got some eggs and I don't know what this
is
samosas and hash browns and how much got
some mushrooms you can sausage I wanted
to us in G and Judy that's gone to get
some food it's actually a really good
buy say wait this is probably would you
say the best bus I was either head yes
is so beautiful
you guys this much how is legit I'm like
a little list is it what everything uh
yeah this like everything
Jules right I'm ready with like ten
minutes to go we've got to go downstairs
so here's that my makeup I'm wearing the
chic lashes and then this is the label
at dress super super like glittery and
really I feel good net but just a lot
more revealing to being what I used to
you know what I mean like it's like
boobs back size like it guaranteed but
it should be right I think Kylie pretty
much talked me into wearing this just
like you should with that one I was like
so here we go
famous chose my lip color I think you
did good and I'm wearing at this clutch
here let's just one collect cold it
rings bracelet and earrings and then I'm
wearing my new heeled shoes on
just simple shoes that I can actually
walk into so don't fall long how do you
think are your choice of dress sure I
lost the race so just I don't know I
guess I'm just so nervous I feel good
Matt sure
getting in and hold not you'll be
alright just hold it up every time
you're walking we'll be fine yet yeah it
looks fine like that and then your hands
rooms everywhere
millions of rain and stuff which is all
black really look it is love it I'm
taking that generator off just their
little does it look no it's just
pinching just here it looks good this is
my feeling I was tying a tire and I'm
like not too sure I of wonder I looked
up at like video how to tie a tie quite
honestly that's the most budget way to
do it but where their clips crocodile so
it just came into the venue and it was
intense man there's a lot of people
everyone's going into their dressing
rooms down there and I think we stay
here for about two hours now
so we chill out for a bit I almost can't
tell them what I almost adhere there's a
little bit not all this time I might I
don't want to stand on you just because
walk a little bit
that's quite Jaggi and then before I
just had a mind blank stood on earth
that's a couple that looks good man fell
out of it
so this damn room when some water and
stuff in the end a energy drink
look my diet diets usually so much
well under black cover stuff down edges
you guys got it yeah - it's supposed to
be
Shannon's getting snacks with everyone
turns out she has to do like a whole
paragraph so she's breaking out the
sugar is in the speech as well hey
Shannon getting some more snaps just a
break happened it really well have the
recover go yeah you're lucky I thought
like the way it was fit up I draw you're
going to do it good good is the visor
we're walking in and Shannon swatter
I'm going to feel a feeling yeah you're
like a woman I said another moment
restoran your juice yeah it's like
sequins everywhere I go
like a trot but bread crumbs like
ammonia
what you can from run our house today
I'm pretty sure with miscommunication he
literally walked out of this - I know
Michael probably bad knows something
that Jesus called a right let's give it
up for me model this hot key influences
do more than just posting mega sutorius
and punitive they create you look for
trains and share ptex with their fathers
as well the passion car mega-cd ending
hair has led them to have thousands and
millions of devoted fans and followers
across the globe and then donkeys and
Singapore
it was a great paradise in social media
platforms photography activities for
them they share Paris's experiences and
provide parenting 50 thousands and
millions of parents to be we're making
in the future
shouldn't your moment
Marguerita no this is easy
okay you guys it's May what Holly got it
it's nice little sell it and then wait
see what I go and hit my inhaler God in
my alibi oh boy Kenneth so we get into
the swap because getting crazy this is
the realest girl right now okay
