hey guys so me haven't got my lip color
on yet but and today I'm in Auckland for
the day because me and my mom are
visiting some business people fear for
beauty for my eyes I have it the ocean
except elet to see it terracotta color
and their yellowish color mixed together
just all over my lid and crease so it
looks I've got the Tarsus palette oh my
geez oh my god I'm so out of breath
talking to a brick I'm in such a rush
this blows away I need sunglasses
rushing to pick up my man they head to
the hospital so you look F what a puzzle
book from a plane
also today I'm getting some Botox done
and I remember saying whatever loves I
was like I'm going to stop talking about
both lots of my videos because some
people got really upset about it so much
getting Botox in my grinding muscles so
that care somewhere I don't know exactly
where I'm not a friggin volta but be
grinding really terribly again my face
is a little bit puffy at the moment even
because I've been terrible over the last
like three weeks I would say and it
hurts and when I got my newly facial
done so late it was like well you put a
lot of information through the mixture
of the teeth like the braces and grating
which is awesome I smell or smell of
head headaches every single day for the
past leg almost week it's just
hurts I cannot wait to get this done
it's the only place I've found and
you're dealing so side that specializes
in this area you know because you can't
just go to anyone because next thing you
end up with a smile like that or
something so if you want things they I
specialized in spatial photo looks like
here not just before he'd like most
people I guess okay I think I'm ready
educated blow-dry my hair a little bit
more as no off
I'm going to let you know if this Botox
and my jaw muscles one of the earth
helps because so many of you guys when I
was talking about trying to find so much
about all of this
well like please tell me for work
because I needed it and I that teeth
grinding and clenching is such a big
problem for like so many people and
freaking sucks like for badly so I'll
let you guys know the outcome of it
obviously it'll take a few weeks to kick
in above
I'm really excited you guys has been
struggling with it for a long time as if
the line helps sort of match and then
all of a sudden elastic yeah mommy's
little again I don't know why I'm so
much crying anymore it's more clean
change be honest like just like yeah and
I like nurses I'm doing that and I
stopped and all the sudden I'm going
again I can't control it
you don't know how it is if you go to
the new one of my favs cursive written
stressfully recovery fist ever
alright here's on my tops for Montserrat
mijung lessons from aged ago and we
might bless and like strippy boots and
then a little jacket and my revoked you
big came to my puzzle book okay Lego
here we are
time to get on that plane sitting on the
comments with a delay to press
now it'll be delayed again that's not
great because the media right now is
everything okay
started our control now with the rental
car just put in a little ring - tequila
little pastor in order to summon a
Toyota now we are off to our meeting
this line is really unclear in here
Thank You camera for focusing on my face
it's really hot today off in Auckland
it's like boiling hot thanks God I will
a is oh I think it's not looking this
too rushed it meeting went fine it was
really quick and now we're going to hit
it to something we're going to have
lunch with my manager living side name I
must fill out a while we're waiting
since we're so like automatically
we'll grab some extra colleague and set
up my equipment at the face place I
think they're close schools and
troubleshoot
yet the safe place in th show us their
Instagram
there you go so yes that mates think of
the safety to come some stream yet punch
them in can bet after half an apple I
was delayed by half an hour I apply the
swing freely as well the organisation's
mortgage over time I think the s cool
fire from exterior they were just in the
court-martial something like that again
that's somewhere cool complete as well
don't worry what Michael Lewis and crap
cooking for lunch it's been fired
ah yes thank you
yeah another part of a car I ever car so
I think wow I am sorry freakin soul that
food was amazing Marv you can got the
vegetable all I got McGee and spikes
mussels and the quinoa I was so good and
crushing now we're on the way to the
safe place it's like your brother mark
so we're currently in traffic with catch
like a bit of a traffic jam road work
situation which is unfortunate because
we go ahead by so many like I don't know
I like you're going that way yeah follow
this route this time the road show
I'm not used to this but we're
definitely going to be late I think so
we can't do anything about it and yet
keep following we've got both of our GPS
is going
just think the both different right yeah
and then straight straight straight
please don't have any more shut wrong
but there's another chat router just
don't even know where to go
alright we've got the parking place I'm
pretty sure it's just down here
somewhere hopefully and goes if I'm
wrong to be the latest for any like five
minutes late thank goodness but still
there's not fun yeah found it you won in
this beauty then what did you go okay
absolutely Englishman slightly every
angle ever so important okay
welcome to make up for YouTube after
this
Sodom mmm analogous to been the lipstick
but follows a bitch knew what encounters
raising the roof again
so yes you have to get more than just
drag it for on that kind of memory maybe
it's the way my updating my design and
by actually but the descriptive
locomotor is going on annoying and ice
cream and Rick are you ready you can
never give you the beautiful way to bet
one a little bit look as every some up
in just lists and who should Wuornos
fill me with my workshop that one it was
heavy
yeah literally idea me that way you'll
soul have been invisible that want to
clear for this okay so quite read the
blasting every business get to sit
outside look how cute the service was
the brew my belly look at the night that
she said feel so special
such as in your car boat and then so she
not bad price for like city parking it's
like twenty bucks for three hours which
is not bad at all yes so that's pretty
good for the middle of town here comes
our little rental what kind of car is it
yes where does I don't know what kind of
cute though
I like it are they go crawler thank you
alright so this movie to encase
England's you know curious is Marjorie
and concisely as you could see from a
sort of juncture so I'm super stoked I
cannot wait to see if it like you know
help with everything on God my camera is
dying typical so it could take up to six
weeks to know that your face smiling
going down like war not this rolling so
much got some actual muscle size she
said my mother was really big from you
know the clinch and frightening and
everything so it was definitely a good
decision for me to make and the actual
like pain interviewing only it probably
a couple of weeks or so so I'm so
excited so I'm gonna keep you guys up
there's I know lots of you guys were
curious about having this done engine
why would it go so if you were wondering
like there are registered people they
can do this area you can't just go to
anyone shorts you put in up with a
lopsided face if you just go to any old
you know Botox person they are trained
so you can seal it and project here so
my makeups obviously white dolphin
them can see look at it different it's a
little bit tank it doesn't really hurt
or anything like that the actual pain
would love getting a job I'm not sure as
month order there doesn't really press
it like a little pinch
it's definitely by far wave listen kids
they might blood test or injections or
tear signal taters or anything like that
like its weightlifting it's so horrible
and you know they are not basically doll
so
yeah it's fine like it's just a little
things little things kind of feeling
almost like getting your eyebrows like
plucked or waxed or something not on the
Bears way like you know you'd probably
know it wasn't it
so yes all done and now we're just going
to hit that thing up well fights like
two and a half hours so we're going to
get that mout and sit in the lounge get
some food drinks yeah okay see the
dolphin penis and miss Lillian so famous
pianist in such a woman yes through the
store in Norway I got my I wish it were
to a distant land up whatever so -
actually that's why it was later game my
activity for the Red Hills face
