hey everyone Aldus Lighting's really bad
and flooding today I'm actually going to
film a video really soon I've just
washed my hair and just waiting for it
to air dry little focus on you this
camera's like so there we go
I like to focus on the ghosts in the
background you wondering why my skin's a
little red like compared to normal
although it's kind of like what my skin
used to look like months and months ago
when I skin got a bit bitter but I got
needling done the other day and I liked
beauty place and there was like a
needling facial to help with like
collagen and scarring and stuff
especially down here because that's
where I get like puckered skin from
breakouts and stuff I'm talking funny
it's because I've got an ulcer yes
anyways I'm going to film today I felt
like vlogging and aspire is supposed to
come today which is really exciting I go
heaps of mail today which is kind of not
exciting really but I'll show you anyway
not exciting because it's like not for
me looking I mean they'll show you know
mixed into my skincare routine went out
this morning as well guys so make sure
you check out if you haven't seen it
already
finally so I bought like in the land
boxes is it dog and pet beds because I'm
going to go donate them how many boxes
are there 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 holy crap yeah
I knew there are a lot but because all
the way they tell me on this vlog in
definitely going to need to borrow John
to you for this some clean shoes I'll
tell you more about I got other stuff
soon because I'm not just trying to like
feel like so today so heaps of calling
that you might scan some link to hear a
beginning somewhere anyway
blend use of my actually apart from
throwing those around everywhere so I
hope where we can set all of these in
one car I don't know there are a lot
down there like a lot stepped-up so this
would make lots and lots of animals very
happy I insert getting some normal mail
as well which I'll show you later I
really need to forget start boy drying
my hair and get this filming die before
all of the people delivering the Spartan
up outside mundo for do very much God
put the spa here somewhere so there is
in I showed you the whole charity
donating portion of this video usually
you know when I donate to charities or
whatever I just kiddush myself because I
want to be seen as well as like people
they're like look at me you know worry
about but this time
because the one that winners into it
involved you guys directly so and as you
know like I promote some websites we get
link coupons for when people spend money
using your codes and stuff like that so
indeed sale is one of them you guys that
use my code I make think ten or twenty
dollars per purchase like a new person
not every time they make a bitch is just
their first purchase and so I put all
that money towards a whole lot of apipa
so all their money that I went through
you guys it's going to straight back
into the community and I chose to get
periods and stuff because I just felt
like it like I've done some other
charities lately that one going to that
covers you know like other stuff this
time
like I just world the pay paid since I
was like I really really really want to
like get some titties for the animals so
this is awesome charity organization
whatever called true heart and New
Zealand and it's basically your heart
stands for let me tell you
helping you help animals they are you
Zealand's leading local animal shelter
they help so many animals and all sorts
of animals to not just like dolls much
cats but Farm stock you know heaps of
different animal and yeah there's still
a vehicle I did get some stuff in to
approach it in plus it's a good excuse
to go see be animals and pet them there
I'm really excited
sorry yeah thank you guys for using my
link you did some good today I don't
even remember if I still got the link
and my downbar bit of this not in there
I should edit my camera is calling me
now here's my makeup today so um I used
only directional makeup to create this
look look at how I was free so indeed
you guys like what the Herrick probably
wanted to me most of the time but so
like videos and stuff it's fun real life
I don't know I get scared of wearing
like super intense highlighters like IRL
session with every invitation on your
freakin seriously if you look closely
but so I goes inside this game and I
know some guy by that I don't think so I
mean if you like it contains high lows
make sure you keep an eye out for this
tutorial
yeah well drugstore flash affordable
brands now I need to do a thumbnail
photo wish me like this is the part
where I always fail take your photos for
myself
hamish made me lunch so close to 1.5
million you guys I'm so crazy thankful
this person made my whole page like a
loom hmm
helping just like a crane outside
Kingston this little devil
aka Andy right here we can slice
operations been destroying all of the
boys toys even more than they normally
do and now she's barking at the people
outside delivering the spa she's got
such a loud bark and I have to admit I'm
pretty sure she learnt it from so
similarly cuz she like literally it
copies both of their howls and copies
their barks maybe she does exact same
style like I think they taught her bed
has what's number felt how it was done
with life
yeah so with the front of that yeah
so that's like the entrance so it sort
of scriptural bit yeah why don't want to
place in the door I thought that's a
business and they obviously get on it so
much pink trying to go home in d-phi
banker ah
so here's my outfit of the night I'm
wearing these shoes from misguided
they're really cute I've got like both
on the top side cedar vanessa super high
and I'm really bad at walking in them so
hopefully don't make a fool of myself or
like look like a newborn lamb and then
my jeans are from a sauce I'm going to
like rip it the knee this top here is
from glass and solve it for big for me
like tied up as ties that confirm goes
will select stood up here somewhere
and then at this check is from Miss
Qaeda as well and then this necklace is
from whitefox boutique and I just hit
the same make up on that but and lips
for tonight Tabriz huh okay time to
socialize I might not mean to Lee
prepared to socialize right now but
storia the makeup or a slide
it's Saturday and we are now dropping
off the bed at hoo-ha
this is China what kind of daughter'd
work we're just walking on the hoo-ha
property at the moment taking them for a
stroll and she is dead I don't want to
walk through the puddle girl forces so
happy you're so cute I'm supposed to go
in a form of puddle do my trick go let's
go I like talking to her like she can
hear me when she can't skip dog she know
she's a good dog in her heart how good
their tail that they are yes and some
dogs get startled when you pet them but
this slow placer their flow is going to
be some pretty unimpressed when I get
home and I smell like these guys right
yes okay it was only thank you not many
of you all I want him to go to a home if
someone is an amazing dog it's from
there and like amazing with dogs and of
course lots of spare time get them up to
love yeah that's what I mean I'm like I
want to take both of them this what good
eyes
that's so well-behaved we love them
Emily wants them if I didn't have my
dogs they had a bigger property I would
want conserve it I don't want to go on
the spine of it
I know so cute
let's go stubborn she doesn't like
walking back she knows that she's going
back you're gay you're the bestest boy
ever should i scratch me scratch me Oh
hurt right now yes yes Eli where's mine
YUM he's like boy I sent for you so many
times for us yeah
or other handsome
