good morning everyone hello hello okay
hey everyone so today I thought I would
vlog I'm going to film today um and in
it later and then I don't know what else
this listen my hair's like huge today I
plated it last night and then I sprayed
that joy color like shaker teach driving
spray and thick and I really like it
I've no idea what kind of makeup look I
wanna do today but I definitely want to
try out those where are they crap I hid
them up here so I wouldn't lose them and
then pop I want to try out these like I
want to stand and see if they actually
work because they look kind of
interesting and I'll get it I really
have any packages I already opened them
one of them was full of SD cards because
I needed some new SD cards and then the
other package is a new bh cosmetics
highlighting palette which I'll show you
later in this world I really know what
else to say right now I just haven't
blogged time while I really felt like
vlogging I think really tired lately I
don't know if my b12 is low like what
the deal is I just feel like so
exhausted all the time like mentally
exhausted I don't know my family member
is at home she's been there for a couple
weeks now I think I might have seen
something already but there's just the
best news ever the house Darrin is
actually like my house and I think we're
going to do some alterations to it
because it's just not quite perfect
obviously it's not a happy ending or
anything I just want to make sure that
these last few months are like as
comfortable as possible so that's going
to happen in us think of me ringing up
and seeing if they were student at my
album are the best into going in she
just looks amazing but it's kind of hit
hard I'm like how are you dying you look
so good that she's happy for the time
being and yeah she's been keeping
yourself busy at home and the cat some
pets and stuff so yeah really exciting
I'm trying to plan like a surprise for
her
so that all happens I'll definitely blog
it because it's going to be really
exciting so hopefully that will turned
out I'm getting my managers help she's
helped me out so much I'm so thankful
for her
and I'm really excited so explain
chinotto feel like I feel like we're
those coffees
you know those young ones that are
really unhealthy still like instinct you
have slipped caramel or I want to try
the salted caramel this didn't see hi
wanna say hi maybe over here got later -
yeah no shelf guard your life I'll chop
this accuse don't do this thing eat you
oh yeah I'm going to use my tea kilos
cup is my drinking coffee and I'm such a
better so it smells good by the way
excuse my bloat Barry
I don't eat steak so this new burger
fuel burger looks so freakin good
I'll read it to you okay Scotch steak
was terrible and garlic seared and
grilled and then mushrooms
corbello mushrooms sauteed in butter
some classic but if your flavors the mix
tasty bacon and melted cheddar setted
onion rings you
and then rocket Bearnaise sauce and then
drop the mic and walk off there's not so
good so right I was being like obsessed
with this Polaroid lately everybody give
me my brains are just like being sold
like this or who it's measure Michaela
that's my friend Kelly and there's Kelly
again and borrowed her top and that's it
this is what can she pull it really this
yeah this is another one of Louie
No and then this one here that's with
John and Kelly and Bo yes if anyone was
going to watch the hall recommit is it
this one here fujifilm instax mini it's
kind of discolored because it was seeing
on my shelf for a while
your son reached it sir whoops but it's
amazing it's really expensive both of
the refills I'm in the middle filming
but this is so good here's where I'm at
is really you do here oh I'm never out
what Geoffrey style lipstick I have for
a lip swatch video go babe mum riskless
and missing like a couple really pissed
off about expected I hit them all I'm
sure I have Scorpio though just don't
know where so massive rebuy X I don't
see the point in friggin doing a lip
swatch video and not having every single
one so really done part one which
although shades bed so maybe say I won't
feel much like hiding planned I forgot
to vlog my lunch a headache filters was
super exciting I probably have an author
in my teeth right now so during my now
about to go brush my teeth again because
there's a line life that here's my
makeup of the day actually freaking love
it
make glittery inner corner the terrible
angle but you get the idea so that's why
I use a metal matte palette by Kat Von D
and the shinik so color some some of the
new stuff and really how it came out in
the lashes are the chic by XO Beauty
this sort of really one of my favorite
pairs of all time they just super flirty
and long and I feel like these will be
delicious I would wear as ice cream
Mary's personally attention I should do
it another um we did makeup strokes my
last one was like three years ago and I
loved it should do another one let me
know if you want me to do another one I
already know you guys want me to do one
actually because you have requested it
so ignore me every time I look at this
makes me so happy if instead of speed
turn now boys I love they do so much
J to their Ethan the ball Coast I think
it's just moved almost that's your
example it's wonderful w ID
you I'll if you all I think I freaking
love and scribs drawers by the ways and
using them and scared all of Instagram I
mean it's just niche at zero stories
better I like it it's just so much
easier to run out so check out meetin
student stories from now on as well
I saw snapchat but I like its rebirth
only Instagram hit the filter that would
be amazing
love there huh
anyway figure so yeah I did you go if
you are set to toes my Twitter's he's
amazing he's family
go say hi to him say hey I love Shannon
- oh yeah he does incredible terrorist
look I really want a watercolor one he
did want to ages ago let me see if I can
find it
it was just like you're Fanning here we
go look how freaking beautiful this is
I love it yes go follow him say hello
he's really really cool he's seriously
one of the coolest guys ever he's my
cousin
her boyfriend fiance last partner person
but he's basically family I feel like
I've known him my whole life scream at
Jeff he does really funny wants to or
she loved it
he's amazing at drawing as well like he
drew bigger he drew losers and it's all
dots if you can see it's really really
really intricate I'm going to get him to
add a few more dots into this is years
later make them look a little bit darker
it's not healed I feel like his ears are
a little bit darker and realizes it's
gonna focus boys like spot-on
amazing this is freaking cute with this
this is dead Porter obviously the stud
musters like got his kids
drawn to him this is beautiful
let's escape
I called Milhouse Susie would ya anyway
if you've gotten ideas he's incredible
his hits a real cool stuff and what's
different styles as well it's just so
good at art I should get this table me
anyway I should format my do an INT days
so I've got lots of empty products and
I'm at dominum ages whatever and I do
here is now a hotel I'm so hot and you
look color is color pop she bared medics
Thank You King stuck Gordon Landers line
by the way
yeah I finish up um filming I did a
favorites video and an empties video so
miss freedom at my empty so you won't go
up like three weeks or something like
that because next week videos are sorted
first lease videos are sorted and then
I'll put up my favorite video now I like
spread Marc Namie so it's not like the
same videos opened in the same day or
I've been talking too much
lights off yeah there we go
someone else just like wear shorts it
and not high-waisted
I wish didn't be like so on their room
actually let me do not become from a
nigga for the role in Hamish you're
going to stop for an optional drink
the end of the day for my private box
where's my chill
I like a mesh without fit
well I look so much so glad you
convinced me don't get it I love it
so this is the what in the court session
meant something patient men with a
patient says yes I'm kidding it's like a
mocktail and they mocked OS but then we
just add like a shot of vodka in there
if we want it to be alcoholic and it's
so good at so refreshing
it's like perfect mix of sweet and
refreshing I'm Fred which always gone
that's not applause oh oh
mmm come here come on come on he's like
you know I'm down come on off you go you
shitty anymore come on yeah come up all
right no just play come on it's not good
at all it's just a little wimp and then
afterwards you get so happy because it
is nice and cold again that cheering is
just not fight just we have a zoo by the
way if you're wondering why we do it on
the carpet because way easier cleanup
because you can do like that keep it up
with the Dyson like spinning head
whereas if you do on the line or
anything it's so hard to get up carpet
for the one she got a haircut you
haven't seen her in a while on my blocks
Aldi you're huge now
she got shaved because he had not
because she got into the garden and then
to the dirt hey Sheila skew or shape
every container offers too many nos
coffee but I think my friend get mesh
all the really shortly and she knows
from them and maybe she had read not so
many but I want to do all sorts no going
try camp excessively short yeah um tell
exactly Eames specific our head so I
head to her again if you keep that a
little bit longer than there be cutest
yeah well it was like just a bit longer
fishy for winter because she wants to
have been calm cold
if I thought of any dog busy on so one
of the things you know kike Hugo you
look so handsome your cedar all done
yoga now it's done
he's the most psycho dog if I was going
as no son he hates it it's so hard to do
we took him to the vet last time which
was like not even that long ago but
they're still quite long because they
were like struggling as well he's really
bad for his nose I just don't want to do
I think it's wrong we had parvo he hates
his legs being touched like trimming his
legs of the mission I think it's from
when he had parvo as a puppy they like
shaved him and had the needle and I'm
and everything I think it's like
traumatizing and he hates anyone
touching his feet like seriously like if
I do it like I might try bite me and
stuff like not hard just like nibble me
because he doesn't like it if anyone has
any tips please let me know because
everyone struggled everyone like the
groomers the vids everyone
so hard Lilly's fine his now is easy but
my team so these are the new BH
Cosmetics palette that like highlights
its color palette what's the fun just
cook back like maybe oh yeah that guy
and this one spotlight so I'm going to
swatch a couple of they're actually
really really really metallic they're
very shimmery they will kind of have
like a silvery white kind of reflect off
cause I'm fixing up the actual base
colors rule to face you see that how
pretty and then this one he has more of
like candy kind of colors like those
candy dreams so let's do these three oh
my god those are cool those are
definitely Eric and those ones are cool
is it closed up those are cool so my my
stage now you're not dirty I promise I
got all of them at one yep was it cool
and then it gave me so
there's my memory cards I use that gave
me this one the foil eyes palette ICMS
on their Instagram it looks freakin
amazing on swatch couple so here's some
my color is kind of boring when you just
look at that oh wait - you actually like
see it the pigment I'm just doing like
for random moons
look at that they are intense I've got a
link to be a cliff notes down below by
the way look at them sort of beautiful
this is like super shimmery metallic
kind of eye shadows like foiled looking
they look even cooler on the eye from
what I've seen on instagrams I've seen
here - makeup artists and stuff using
them anyway get it with it - what's
difficult loading
