see you a couple of alleys boy my
dentist appointment
and while uses sex what in that me
getting a puck they shape the cool yeah
I can look very significant okay you
supervisors or was it yeah it stopped
before getting into July and then where
am i yet now you're right please Betty
just is yes and sir I don't see where'd
those elastic already I thought I'd be
in them forever
I'm so happy yeah so basically that's
really good news and it means they're
working amazing hey take off a little
bit
so much late I'm a lot like my show yeah
they train their get better every time
so back as well like a lot I'll still
doing with me and then I go to see one
of these nine okay might seem to ptosis
is just so random because they're in
here as well anyway can you make to the
important stuff
okay so what's up services and only I
got out of it I'm just standing tenant
up this decision now one piece is
serious event you should be hydrated Jen
just to point out you've asked whether
your taste is most okay so this is your
upper right hand side where it with your
Kasich and - Frankie's been wearing
those elastics that just sort of do a
quick supreme prepare effects what kind
of movement so let's just have a look on
the upper left hand side here at shake
event and then let's create a little
shorter yet and that you can look at the
angle of it no rotation so you can wear
those domestic that comprise your simply
the different content already so I'll
update that scan again rule I can
exclude it me coming to me so my teeth
are doing amazing look
I have friends and I stick snap for a
while yeah I know all the waterworks
blessing out walking Midland Oh place in
Wellington is over works everywhere
around here it was a nightmare to find
apart
man hey miss couldn't find one please
drop me off we came late 20 minutes a
little bit fine we can played a part in
20 minutes cause usually they look like
five minutes of my depart we are the
earthquakes of my clothes off in two
rows and hey mister on a park without me
now
previously on ago tops real quick then
this afternoon taking mum shopping
so this Monday lunchtime and Wellington
course so hard playing a park anywhere I
got green tea
Hamish hitter what is this Isis Bristow
americano iced americano that semester I
mean we started so hot and make man what
is this little bit boys like home so
hold up all right have any users and
it's a white and magma and Wellington
such good food here
Hamish is being really good in getting
fellas he would not like a load of looks
good as these ridges would be fridges in
the world and I go eight
sort of healthy I could I need anything
it pops up that Hamish on something so
that was good it wasn't not worth
finding the park going back enough on a
car
tranio willing now it's Thursday and
it's so busy this place is just his deck
like people stress out about driving in
Auckland but noone hemi-sync
if you can try them lying to your sleep
Wellington's way more stressful and it's
so like tight everywhere especially in
this friggin huge car
so yeah going back home and then
basically go straight to meet up with
mum she's going off to the article's
weekend and it's her birthday so I buy
her an outfit hopefully we can find
something
Hey so the end of the vlog you're
watching now was eight years ago and I
was eating it just now and it's way too
short so I'm gonna blog today
oh sweet chance if you want my face
looks really really old like pitch is is
new rinse it off yeah first moment I got
to clean my room I cleaned it like a
couple weeks ago got it clean now
stating again go figure because I just
filmed a couple of huge hauls in the
last week or slightly can't see my dress
anywhere but yeah you get the idea if
there are boxes everywhere
somebody check on some music and clean I
feel so I'm motivated we have done the
work I've edited Turner house vlogs I
have also done my emails so such as
mother little jobs I needed to respect
and put your nails beneath today do you
like them I think they're really cute
the thumbs like ombre it's like purple
to blue type of stuff basically my goal
is to clean my entire and pull
everything away I don't have enough room
in my storage for everything which is
obviously a problem but I've been
wanting to do the Clara and my drawer
for a long time so basically I'm just
going to clean as much as I can and then
I'm going to film a decluttering step
Tereus series because you guys have been
requesting a day just I've just never
like done it even though I declutter all
the time because it were all my makeup
goes for like friends and family and
look good feel better and stuff like
that
all the good stuff because there's wedge
into the Headroom telegram I do a really
decent big uncluttering decluttering
saying I also need with your micro fumes
and yeah that's the goal so today I'm
going to clean as much as I can and also
my brush friggin Phil there need to wash
them this is the only thing I bought in
at least the Korea secret
love me the only thing and then next to
them I got a couple handbags so they
didn't really not spend money but hey I
was real proud of myself cause I was
like wow I haven't spent much at all
just ponder for you I just don't really
shop on holidays anymore like when I was
young I used to go like all out in heaps
of money like shopping for shoes and
clothes and makeup and all that stuff
that's how much like not in the motor I
could pick you
yeah I played sure you know it's really
cute so now if every show you they say
that one of my subscribers gave me this
at a meet up so cute sort of mostly
recycling off the ground man making a
lazy at lunch eggs on toast also we're
looking at getting a spa hold a great
some of the most expensive like rather
look at this who in their right mind
would spend $40,000 on a flat by the way
Spa if you're I think American you call
it a hot tub
I think and you'd only call it a spa
pool or spa it's not like a spa
treatment this is like for a spa pool
hot tub thing yeah looking at getting
one I like be flown I know we'll get one
at some stage I think we're actually
looking at getting one from mulling ten
except I think it uses way more power so
I just don't know
vinegar freaking loves and go check our
flights when I go like I just love the
smell of it and to taste
now the water is boiling you just crack
them and plop them in so there and now
it's cook beets mattered put it all on
some paper I love olive oil
you're smarter at layers like a little
lap it up
all right good enough and then tomorrow
stop filming of my decluttering series
stuff is little stuff that I can't see
anyway so yeah we're probably baking
tomorrow morning before I do that that's
now I need to just quickly eat it is
Monday
if you're wondering what's up with my
eyebrow down I'm doing an RL tint what's
enough we're having these like a bean
burgers this so is good
so what you did is just annoying it's
like an OCD Pacers nightmare beyond what
the finish horizon zero dawn some
plug-in it did you say it's better than
what sale bond y'all Scott sure
uncharted surfer just as good as in
charge
you love it at the graphics is so good
you have to cheat sit walkthrough halo
are you done
no baby without you
