hello good morning I have been showers
yeah I just woke up in spring up a block
and then I'm going to do lots most
editing and then later today I'm
panicking
we're bidding on a house a big house I
feel like it's going to go way out of
our budget
it will so let's see I'm really nervous
about it
membership was like panicking we love
the house with such good house building
reports were amazing like it's really
good but I don't know we'll see now live
in Stowe is in the same video
Hamish made me breakfast lush this will
be like you're my been showered yet
either I'm so lazy
well not really lazy I'm still working
you know I should probably show a
success I'm going to do a face mask
this is bye my son wants to throw keys
to go push elbow clinic gommage some of
the means but I feel like bring on a
face mask so I'm going to it using an
older is extra view brush to do that I
was like I need a finding use for this
it smells really good mmm-hmm I don't
know how it's useful I got this over my
head without being deliberate that
happened it's like powdering and like
falling off my face right now
I was like looking down I just those
dust on which I actually it's not it's
not face mess with it I was like looking
down and just like dusting but it's
the face mask I feel like it's just a
little bit wet and simple so let's what
up it's so so crumbly and dry and it
kind of like is tickling me clearly
flinches oh hi oh hello what's up what's
up what's up
so why growling so it kind of looks like
it kind of looks similar to Glenn blow
on your nose like it kind of pulls out
the oil you see how you use it all over
my okay looks like it worked a little
bit on my cheeks and then our I feel
like I just use it on my nose in the
future because it feels really itchy I'm
super pink but I'm moisturized and my
skin feels amazing it feels so soft and
like my nose is so smooth when I got all
the dead skin I can feel it hopefully
what's my skin's not so pink later on
you can like see if it looks good or not
look like up close
pretty good looks like it's like started
to please the board the option an hour
remember sometimes Willie gets stuck in
the bedroom like when I go in there and
you like sneak then get some beard and
then I like leave and shut the door
again and I hear the scratching and then
observe when I completely out just
always waiting load
tell them all why you the main why is he
so mean to you we didn't win wasn't mean
to be we will keep looking on Lenalee
it's really dude seriously lookin sir
hey hey see here so I is Mike unites
like a tow three hours not like three
hours and it's like half an hour long I
think so that's fun hopefully you got
that - really really long finished nice
homemade beat truth it is will these not
harm ed but a bit design then there's a
second one from the shoulder area it
countdown what are they black bean and
they true or something like that
look at that beautiful specimen if I cut
a red onion tomato lettuce burger bun
sauce I swear I could eat a burger every
single day maybe it's because I'm Paula
fuga smell time he did yeah first I
bought this for my friend and this heap
it is to celebrate being animal cruelty
free company we decide this what we've
decided we created this one edition
liquid it lipstick shade Tricia
launching on national love your pet day
February 20th ah
can you morning what is it like a hot
dog it's love this is a dog toy because
it's about to be
what you got low
it's extra fun because you can push his
nose into it and here's the colors like
a metallic purplish fuchsia color yeah
CJ I bought fringes I got every color
because know what color I would be I
would like a dollar each on ebay yeah I
feel like none of them will match I feel
like I'm kind of in between these two
maybe that one and no this is a mullet
now Oh French no did I do it right hmm
next are coming from a versus a
nostalgia Dibley Hill I'm a deep liquid
lipsticks so here are some of the colors
oh my girl with a trade on top that
looks really cool
oh my god he look like shrimp ring yo
nope my show you've been some love this
Valentine's Day with will eat is
pomegranate range I want to smell it
wash I love body wash
yes how cricket smells really sweet
oh my god bless this soft matte complete
concealer collection won't yet make on
the 28th defib o M G watch one I don't
know which one is needle with a still
conscious customer normal shake little
horse custard goes off it surely does
have some connections you work out here
I'm going to do an Instagram post to
this company and my skincare my Holy
Grail
I ordered hits more and then the final
huge box is from Kmart - and with hemp
it's some good easy affair room we hope
the black and gold or from came out some
spider loving collection where the
perfect finishing touch really have
pillows sequins on them we have a lab as
a clamp like it gold I played ball so we
have King it sheets we've got myself to
the lamp
I'm guessing and it's really nice chunky
blanket to love this blanket and then
Lily we've got this quite obviously bit
question that comes off Lily this little
I think this is like a candle to light
holder quilt color
social is very down there alright thank
you so much came out that doesn't
awesome p.m. girl
