good morning I literally just woke up so
we are kind of up-to-date now with the
vlogs as per the last look like she's
been hectic and I think I talked about
how I want to hire and it is a certain I
think I talked about that today anyway
that's part of the deal like I really
want to sort that out this year because
it's just getting too much late between
this next row Beauty XO beauty's
expanded so much in the last year
YouTube will always be like my mate will
not always but you know for the
foreseeable future I want YouTube to
store my main thing I just want to do
like the filming like my favorite part
because the editing is the part that
takes so long I always have forgetten
technical difficulties like I don't mind
using some stuff that at the moment you
know when I'm doing three Beauty videos
a week and they trying to do like two or
three vlogs a week it's just getting a
bit too full on so I think I'm gonna try
and get a little bit of help some stage
um although this vlog might be up a
couple days late because tomorrow
morning we hit to Sydney bula I've got a
list because I put a new train last
night feel like almost every time I'm
vlogging it's like new trays and stuff
but we fly into Sydney tomorrow for
Khloe's wedding
Chloe Morelos wedding and I don't know
if I'm gonna vlog there like I just
don't know how I feel about vlogging at
people's weddings at least it's like
what am I the best friends with
immediate like best best family members
or something like that I like I don't
know I just I don't know if I'd want
people vlogging at my wedding so yeah
okay I'm gonna start off this video with
a sponsored portion because Tammy
reached out and asked me how I was
lacking at the scrub and it just so
happened that I started using it about
well actually I said you think producing
after arrived in the mail I ended up
putting it into my shower
cuz I'm try for the pause the music um
did you guys I was like I'm so obsessed
with trying new scrubs lately no crap
not sponsored to say this part like this
is one of my new favorites at the moment
it's so good I'm gonna like do it on my
skin right now and see if you can like
see how it is late the formula and
everything
I got my heads on yesterday by the way
looking at nice and pinky blooms like I
like it so this is the scrub currently
dripping whip it anyway is the green tea
scrub by tea me
so it says hydrate exfoliate and wish'
that's something I love about this like
when I use it my skin does not feel like
irritated dry anything like that
actually feels hydrated and it's so
gentle but at the same time it's so
scrubby I don't know how to explain it
like I don't know I've just been using
it pretty much for most days like I'd
say like every second day is that
monsters every second day and I feel
like you don't need to use much products
like you can kind of see how much I've
use it was quite stick to the top but
smells like green tea which is amazing
like it smells like matcha tea to me
it's not so good when you use it kind of
has this like slimy texture but that
it's got like these big exfoliating
trunk lately I've been exfoliating
before cleansing and I don't know why
don't I feel supposed to do that when I
exfoliate first I just feel like when I
cleanse it gets deeper because all the
dead skin is gone anyway I forgot to
show you how much I took but it was a
tiny bit and then I just kind of started
my cheeks I really focus on my chin
because my shouldn't gets really really
bad blackheads and stuff my glare is so
good
genuinely light the spots ones it
because they asked me if I wanted to
talk about it and I really do like it I
think it's really good it's also not
test on animals made in the USA as soon
as you can use it two to four times
weekly is needed best applied morning
and night and use on your body as well I
haven't tried on my body because to be
honest I don't want to waste it because
I really like it and I don't want to run
out anytime soon so just go like this
and I kind of do it for like a minute or
two I just make sure I'm not being too
harsh but you know I want you rinse it
off your skin feels like butter it's the
kind of teacher you'd have to try it's
like feel it I don't really have
anything to compare the texture to
it's like slimy and thick and creamy and
scrubby at the same time you know
sometimes how you get a creamy
exfoliator but it does nothing um this
one actually works but it's still not
rough doesn't hurt a I usually do this
in the shower or viously though just so
I can show you I don't know if you'll be
able to see it
difference and yes I still love the
maskavich lemurs run out of it
my favorite masks at some stage in our
vlog would you back guys the blur would
you guys be came to see my top favorite
um face mask because I could do like a
top five and I've loved Asami I feel
like if I do a main youtube video it's
like not very exciting but you guys can
tell me otherwise if you think otherwise
the night before last I hit the worst
like insomnia and I couldn't sleep I
think I got like Joe has a black sleep
and then last nicely amazing like I
don't remember waking up dreaming like
no dreams nothing and I feel better but
I still feel like I need a bit more
there's a couple of scrubby bits lifts
but I'm about to hop in the shower
anyway so oh my god if you could feel my
skin like you guys I promote this brand
because their products are amazing
like and genuinely my skin feels so soft
holy crap my skin type is the type of
skin well like it literally goes so
crusty with it did spin it so quickly
the skin like just I don't know like
obviously she'd skin pretty quick it's
the same on my body my body skin gets
really rough and dry dry and scaly
really quick so I should really be using
something on my body more often but I'm
just so lazy I'm so lazy like moisturize
my body when I should I know that it's
like really bad but I take so much care
of my face and not my body it's so bad
so I need a good exfoliator and good
face masks like hot chocolates and stuff
to like help brighten up my skin again
because yep is my new one and here's my
old one I can tell cause it's really
light compared to let me know if you
guys ended up trying that from some of
my last vlogs I've shown it so good so
yeah I just want to let you guys know
about that and check the dome but I hope
you want to try this or anything else on
TV like the mask the tea I love the tea
the discount code ash NH put it down
below 20% off I don't make a commission
from there it's just a bonus for you
guys for doing the sponsorship I'm
impressed with this Timmy did good I
really liked it they should make it in
like a giant tub feel body then I
wouldn't feel so bad about using it on
my body toward the planet now
I should really leave this in I'm gonna
open the shower shower
you know girls go to shop and then I'm
going to go perhaps a video which is my
will of their solution which I have been
you know if you're just watching this
vlog I've been loving it I've still been
using it once you reach my live one make
up and make this my life I've chucked it
on I really like it so if you haven't
seen the first impression go check it
out I think it's true for my favorite
white cell foundation I always mention
in my videos like blogs and stuff when I
travel I'm always using the Clinique one
or the covergirl and all the ways how
one when I travel I just didn't mention
my wife's not one of my yearly favorites
cuz like I swear it's discontinued in
some countries I don't know how it works
I've seen that before anyway let's not
get into it some people can't get the
hands alanis are just like me but this
new wind wild foundation is like a droop
and it's like six dollars or something
like that so don't you got my video and
then after that I'm going to film my
Micka like west of make a video and
travel the products so excited to do it
I just hope the price pot actually
terrible I'm sure they won't be like
some will be good some we did like a
wife I think I'm so lately I have been
using where is he this firm the origins
plant description I really liked it I
was using the Clarins one but it was
breaking me out I think it was way too
rich for my skin I didn't use a lot of
it but gave it a good go
and yeah I just kept freaking out
whereas this one seems to be a lot more
gentle um I don't really know what it's
supposed to do but it's been making my
skin look quite soft I like this kind of
packaging where it pushes it out too so
you don't waste any my name say I'm
using my Clinique
moisturizer which is getting low look
how long my hair is getting right I'm
off to do today's video I think the mail
just came though I'm so frustrated I
bought this dress off Shoko and I'm
going to size up and it like does not
cover my boobs it's like a plunging
neckline but crap it's bad my god funny
story about this mayonnaise
we bought this from like a New Zealand
shop literally I feel like months ago
like okay
so after a couple weeks Hamish wearing
them and he's like um where's my mace
I'm not like that though it was nice and
they were like oh we haven't seen - we
don't have any and home state sweet can
you cancel my order or something like
this happen right and then they were
like no no no no we're getting more in
like tomorrow or something and then Haim
is just kind of like didn't think about
it and then it never came and then I was
like Hamish with amo and he's like I
don't know and then it was just kind of
like a running joke where I was they
Hamish you got scammed out of Mayor so
it was really funny but hey it just
arrived a long time after it's not this
brand by the way it was like a random
retailer but so funny I wonder what
it'll be like how much wanted to try
like a egg free vegan mayonnaise usually
they're disgusting but we'll give it a
go we're live definitely go check this
one out if you want a really affordable
even hear me cheese if you want to find
out a really good affordable foundation
more actually some people don't like it
so make sure you check the comments some
people with different skin types but I
really like it it didn't fade so yeah go
check it out
drugstore first inversion this is one of
them that looks like by the way cuz
obviously I'll probably upload a few
videos since like by the time you see
this this one right here
also this video was so fun I uploaded
there couple days ago and it's been
really good year so let me know if you
guys want another version maybe I could
try some different stuff of wish I was
thinking if funny one could be like
shapewear or something like that you
know those like but pitting underwear
and stuff like that I thought it would
be hilarious to try on one of these
videos so let me know by the way I don't
know if hip so you guys say no one's got
list views but that just happens
sometimes with the new algorithm
whatever one video that went really well
is this one my Gigi Hadid Maybelline
collection so I'm glad you guys like
that
num Hibbing it iced coffee tammy show
showed you I always forget I'm sorry um
I really showed you guys in one of my
vlogs how to make it but some of you
can't find the video and I can't
remember which one was like let's be
honest I've uploaded hundreds of vlogs
or I need to show you how to make it
again in another video I just finished
filming time is it past 1:00
getting kind of hungry so I'll have some
lunch soon I'm just importing all of the
footage so I can start editing I did a
the worst of maker and then I did a look
plumper review like doesn't worry buddy
oh it's like a tool like a sucky tool
and then I fill in like a mini video for
my Instagram about my new brush it and
then my lipstick is Kairos I'm gonna
grab a shower soon and scrub off all of
my makeup and I put on this like Tim
pretend this is that shimmer stuff by
Lovington I said no effect hang on just
to like bronze up my skin a little bit
trying something near I'm spanked yes
it's surely about a teaspoon right
so we pink right now I just got out of
the shower that was interesting
my gut has felt so much better drinking
up a cider vinegar
I've been trying this um I've actually
forgotten to take it for the past two
days but I was taking every day cuz I
heard Millie older homes talking about
how it's really good for gut house as
well it's got collagen in it which I
don't know but apparently it's good feel
good vitamin C okay detox so I can scoop
that and then I also mix it with some of
this and just a little bit of juice
because I hate the flavor it tastes like
good green stuff it's revolting so I put
it in some like pineapple juice or
orange juice or something which isn't
the best because I try not to drink too
much juice and yeah I just drink water
yeah my gut has felt so much better I
haven't been suffering from it anywhere
near as much bloating so it's really
really good fatigue alright feel like
tea and coffee this morning now I feel
like tea by the way this is the same
this part isn't sponsored but by the way
this tumbler is also from tea me this is
the first time I'm trying this one it
says on the bottom it's got a warning on
the bottom saying just let it cool down
for a few minutes before you put the lid
on so I'll do that because this like
these containers keep your tastes oil up
forever and all these years my favorites
but the gold is so cool you know lost
Rena so I'll just keep that off for a
few minutes I guess while I make them
out look at my fingers in the reflection
no so creepy
they're like Tengiz I'm gonna make some
avocados rice for lunch while my toast
is cooking here's one of the new sets
the eye blender sit with some of my
favorites blending brushes these are
like my Holy Grails
I feel like you could make up bleeding
brushes I like the most important pot
seriously without I believe any brush I
can't do a good makeup it's as simple as
that
yeah they're all on expo beauty shop
calm now
this one's good
let's take this key it's not just a bit
of work hit my lunch I did this video
which is highly cringe but also I like
it so what ever showed the brushes I
just wanted something cute and quick
yeah I'm gonna continue I've got an
appointment in an hour
so yeah I'll just get it till then get
changed and I fell goo I kind of feel
like going out for dinner but we'll see
so we are going out for dinner I have no
idea where Hamish just got home really
late from work and I'm starving because
all I heard was they have a color choice
today I'm hungry
my entomology went amazing feels so good
I love entomology so relaxing it's like
massaging all over your body it's the
best and I got home and I get it until
Hamish go home something to it by the
way ended up being subway we're just
finishing what um we just finishing off
picking yeah I'm just making another cup
of tea it's quite light now it's like
tea know something just be missing
around all night starting a drug a drug
company I'm gonna call myself white a
wallet look at those remains missing
I've got no pins on hopefully you can't
see you you I will definitely vlog some
stuff while we're in Australia I'm
taking my laptop so hopefully we've got
some good internet I can upload while
I'm there
otherwise they'll have to come when I
give that kind of thing so I'm sure you
guys understand
that we're actually heading off to the
Maldives soon me and Hamish so I'll let
you guys know more about what the deal
is that soon because I'm not sure how
much I'm supposed to say whoops so yeah
anyways I'll talk to you guys tomorrow
or the next day
tomorrow's flying we'll see if we'd get
out to anything interesting bang
