okay everyone so I'm not in Ferguson
today I am filming his head I think I'm
making it up and they're not there I
googled it and i YouTubed it and I
cannot find anything either the keywords
I'm searching for so hopefully I'm the
first one to it and I'm not like ripping
some off who soon find out I'm sure so
basically I want to make up to cut it
into it's just a whole lot of my older
favorite products I'm going to do a full
face with old favorites and if they're
so good I have the worst forces today on
my braces there's a lot this tray is
just getting a grief so here's a sneak
peak of those products all done since a
2012 shinik so look with all my old
favorite products that were some of them
so I'd like to get my hand on and on
hands-on yeah
this video will be up by the time you
watch this I don't know we'll see so I
just finished filming it Korean makeup
haul as well by the way today is
Valentine's Day so exclaiming time you
can find somewhere to go to dinner to
Mike's been cooking with airily so
fingers crossed and now it is lunchtime
actually it's going to be really late in
it that's the first for dinner lunch
eople bread I just got this he said some
time ago some of us I'm not that hungry
and a copy but the cooking I had
breakfast or anything beats the gym have
done anything today apart from film and
then yes going to edit this afternoon
and then go to the hospital later this
afternoon come back and get changed and
go out to dinner hopefully somewhere and
himesh to say we weren't doing gifts
this year because we just have
everything we need anyway so we just are
going to enjoy each other's company and
go out for the name you know maybe watch
a movie or something later we'll see
Weston and I've got my summer
toothbrushes too because my teeth hurt
so bad right now that I can't use my
electric toothbrush after use these
because the electric toothbrush coat my
teeth are like moving hardcore right now
I can feel the ones at the top at the
back moving so these are a lot more
gentle for me just to use in the
meantime usually passes after a couple
of days I have to say this probably the
worst I've hit this entire time part
from at the very very beginning so
and also has it giveaways running to
focus on me thank you as Google is
running on my channel and people i
similar things designed to assess that I
love it look how that one has gone in so
far this one needs to hurry I can get in
there but this one here is moving so far
and I think so Thursday I've got my
appointment today she said this I've got
my next interest appointment and she's
going to file down my takes a little bit
more cell block for you probably and now
gives may take a little bit more room to
move some more fear so far so good I am
loving all I love loving them that
helped my face calm down a lot because I
can't crying so much but the last few
nights a have it should be in clinching
her really really badly so it's not for
the used to that like oh my god like why
am I having these missed up dreams
basically like for the last week or so
I've just been having these dreams every
night apart from last night didn't hear
one last night yes but I was having
these dreams with either Hamish would
leave me and it was really nice they
like it wasn't even like a nice price
break up he wouldn't even like tell me
that he was leaving me it like go off
with another girl and like get with it
and framing and I was like what you
doing and then he was like no I just
don't like you anymore like just leave
me like I don't like you anymore and I
just like my look it was really
stressful and I just keep going
somewhere like Hamish I promise
like I love you so much don't leave me I
don't even care like I don't even care
that usually hook up with this chick
like to take me back and you should like
I don't like you I hate here and it's
like horrible and they just leave me
like leave me what my family name is
just die all the time in my dreams and
it's really really now it's like
was it said news and I was like oh well
just being told is it my family member
and hospital has most likely under a
year to live and you I probably just
like stress dreams about losing my
family member I'm trying not to leave
the Terra brain Albert I'm really really
scared I'm just trying to take my mind
off it isn't much time with her as I can
she should hopefully going home soon cuz
she's lender came back there appear
anything basically what happened is they
think she has pancreatic cancer it's
just been this huge roller coaster ride
that like we've never seen anything like
this before we give it
that was an experience like this before
usually it's quite textbook that this
was not textbook it was really
complicated and they're really sorry but
they couldn't find it at the beginning
and everything chemotherapy is it's like
a very long time she can even have that
chemotherapy because they kind of take
samples all that the cancer it's so
complicated and usually well not usually
but sometimes the people doing the
chemotherapy can demand a sample before
going here with chemotherapy but that
happened she won't be able to get it but
regardless she does not want to
chemotherapy and I support that decision
100% because it may not do anything or
and made it her industry a couple months
and she should leave sex for so long
since my birthday that it's just kind of
like well it's just love this last year
or so and be happy and comfortable and
you know do lots of fun stuff and make
the most of it you know I mean so that
so this is and that she made so
hopefully she'll be home soon and
there's my little update anyways yeah
I'm doing um some giveaways on that
twitter twitter here and strength but
she got my Instagram and my Twitter if
you want to in tamela's with the boys
they're open for two weeks as far as my
blogs obviously I love doing blogs
that's why I'm doing one right now I'm
going to try and start doing one or two
a week just to start some just dying to
get back into three beauty videos a week
and just between your life with my
family member and the only like sure all
the time and unmotivated yet I just
don't want to push myself into doing
like files to explore the week at the
moment or I don't know no file is a good
that today we blows but my goal was to
get into like three or four awake but I
don't know if that gonna happen anytime
soon just because a lot of my spare time
is going into my family at the moment
which I'm sure you guys understand and
also my main channel so like I've been
working every single day apart from the
week no exercises work on Sunday quite a
bit but I would you know every day apart
from Saturday pretty much and
it is my little heart out but yeah it's
just my flipping my main channel
especially because I have a trip to RORO
coming up and then I'm off to LA and I'm
up in off to Malaysia very soon so I can
get some mention videos readers both of
it for a while I'm away I don't know if
I'm going to be able to get up through
week while I'm away I'm trying my best
obviously like I've been editing and
filming at my butt off but worst case
scenario I'm just going to drop that to
two weeks while on the way again because
they seem to work really well when you
guys need to understand I feel lazy
which is where because I'm still putting
in all of this work I guess just because
for so long I've done three videos a
week or more and then like I was doing
daily vlogs so dropping back to this
just feels really lazy but it's not like
I need only told myself it's not lazy
it's just circumstances are different at
the moment and it's not going to be
forever to painting at the camera right
now thank you for the spot by the way
yes my foundations way too dark my chest
kind of anyway moving along I'm going to
eat my pizza bread now hashtag healthy
I love cup so much I love bread so much
I just got home from the hospital now
I'm just going to doing a little bit
more energy I guess until security will
be both my half now and then dinner I'm
just going to go to Cafe Cuba for dinner
tonight
no get to fleshes casual going to your
salad or something the litter just like
your queue dear I want to climb on the
other night and I got the corn fritter
and sell which is like my go-to it's so
good then yankie let's see what I feel
like later
I just been a single day doing a
thumbnail this one time I stole along
Tudor but that one and then I did it
that like in I feel like this was ugly
because it's just so white but isn't
taking the other photo so I stick to put
up lip hey what did you get did you chew
up your desk shoelaces
he's like
finish mend it localizes what is this
crochet oh man
Nestle and a mine is humorous thank you
three I went for it you know that I'll
be sticking it I'm you trying to kind of
good
that bitch potato was amazing so like
your philosophy sada
says well I'm going to go for some beers
man Hamish going to watch the office and
I've got heaps mail so I'm just going to
show you guys all dead tomorrow
I'll continue my blog
