learning Donna's blood space today and
have a blog on the weekend and so on I
think today we're going to have some
drinks in some cities let me show you
some I did that thing where like you
have the wallet urban adult at the mind
of a child and I bought a pool so it's
currently filling up it's gonna take a
few hours and put some hot water and
letter because otherwise it'll be
freezing I just finished filming a
skincare video this morning so it's
basically just talking about how I
cleared out my skin lots of people have
been requesting it and what I do in my
skincare routine it's quite easy I've
got too much all new products I use now
computes my last one so focusing on
myself is to go but down here is so much
clearer it's a little bit pink at the
moment because I just grabbed it with
exfoliator now I'm just going to provide
some clothes cuz I'm Who am I watching
too long and then I might particular
giveaway picture for an instance of away
put a bright all this stuff here
somebody there and put my camera on
charge because it's blinking did at me
some charged in ages oh hi hi beautiful
hello took you this morning he cuddled
up to me and Leila's deck and I gave him
belly rubs flight 15 minutes and he left
it he never does that he thinks like
really lately
you guys have no idea like I don't know
it's like he's grown from the teenager
to an adult or something he just loves
me now and I had the worst fight last
night I couldn't sleep
like I said till about 3:00 a.m. I think
I was pretty much awake first tonight
and I was gazing and then out of
consciousness
you know you look at it so I just
organized my drawers by color look at
white and gray and then I have pink and
coral when like peaches a little bit of
purple and black and darker colors so
much black time chick on the pool
Haley when you do let this up huh why
are you doing oh you look so room/dining
the Sun woo it's like almost half done
because I think you need to fill it up
like this I've got this above in there
Chris hey Peter
hi baby you so my dog voice is really
annoying
alright so when most my clothes mimic
beard and of course the waste of shoes
and dog toys and stuff in vacuum it's
pretty much done the pool is full so now
we're going to go into town and drop
some stuff off it the woman's refuse
ship it open I need to get some sled of
stuff and Hamish this is lunch and I'm
like you want to look for pull stuff
like a floating table or something foot
drinks long sly you thank you Hamish
just took Lillian's us for a run and
apparently this skips out real well we
haven't really taken them for a sold run
before just like walk run walk frame
apparently you did really good which is
surprising because this usually gets
real tired think he is real tired now
such a beautiful day look how fast like
sunny and hot it is outside Louis had
enough of life today any yield you just
done have you done is it time to bid is
that it's your favorite monkey got like
five huge walk slowly
perfect so my god
how we look what yeah I've got so much
makeup and stuff to give away as well
but I'm just going to keep it to us for
now and then take makeup next time
because there's just so much I had
here's clear out of all my stuff my
friends rifle through some of it and
I've got so I've got that whole suitcase
full of stuff a girl a screw loose I see
you guys all in here this heaps of good
stuff I was going to take a photo of
some stuff today so I might get it when
we get back we'll see how I go don't I
start doing the voice is here rid of it
cause it's just in the way if you can
see you can come here and buy my stuff
this has trooper that says we got this
at our house now at the back and pour
this beer pong thing like it's actually
quite big it doesn't look that big on
camera listen it'll explain that it's
not too cold eh no no now that you're in
yeah we didn't install the pump and we
haven't put chlorine in but we're kind
of screwed it up they're just gonna tack
by b.i tell I'm telling you now they're
blue colors not good for that you need
to put them in the holders here always
just put them straight down hopefully
all right I think we've got a slight
leak somewhere as well hey and Shan dish
drink holder is it is it work oh yeah is
it fun again
good is it warm
yeah next week finito no there's no
Wednesday yeah Sunday yeah we get it
when they play it as Mexico to show you
when I was rich it was pretty nice
missed it yeah it's good like looking
after that we've got more I'm living my
16 year old dream 13 hos gloria lucien
is a so I'll just have to prima nice
guys how do you pronounce this eyesight
the Chipotle yes and then what do you
say Joe Chipotle well I swear that's
wrong but I might not be Oh
I hope I said your partly well it's like
an assault case apology and I'm all into
the word equality
I like yes to be honest I new zealanders
grew up everywhere so it's probably
wrong Nicki to turn when were you are
okay Nina what of them realized through
nothing it's like a little bit like
Ikeda so this is from Lovington it was a
Valentine - yes Jonathan I saw a female
ok be mine feel you fun yeah I'll go
inside secure I miss being a friend
before and then there is from Allah let
us love it hey this is so cute oh my god
I actually got this this is so extra but
I love it oh my Fender that's great Kim
K yeah I just like where it's a like so
frigging yeah what are we going yes a
man well that one's you - oh my god it's
full on got Jesus on the crucifix we're
we're scared and then the hoop earrings
to match Jane I want to check out their
Instagram quickly oh and it advocating
mix hey mr. Smith I go Shannon this is a
bit applicator meta because he does my
back mildly you came into this this is
from JJ what is it
what are they a little blush my god they
say if you're really pretty
yes this one he has pink rosy rose and
I'm super just gonna ditch with this
light to medium bronzer to get to those
and then needs to commit lipstick to
community hello
oh my girls it's on my sister well it's
called metallic football no mm-hmm
oh my god I'm going to love this on time
I love Metallica shooters
yes I'm so excited I'm editor assistant
priest in kind of who always use it and
it should check it really it's the first
time so we can try that together I don't
want to ruin it oh my god I'm so excited
in restoring argan oil yes I'm dusting
colors textures breast-high of Horus
flesh color and muharram a one life for
her Kathleen my Aquarius octave life she
met up to second $15 so really pretty
color more of this it's amazing for
everything even Laurens Iranian ex me as
a doctor and she took good tooth with
you go so yeah check it out google it oh
and I got the shampoo unstinted my
grandeur to try there that helps get a
bit more and then I know what is this
from oh it's got my name on it mac
makeup artists max cool this is such a
cool like portfolio oh oh my god these
lashes are amazing man lipsticks and
full face pic cream colors what I mean I
shoulda pilots will tell it looks like a
contour highlight thing oh that's cool I
like this this is called strata cloth or
black some I claw
so pretty man last not least why shall
SCARA
and cushy clock never say that properly
my life is camera shy he's like no no
camera this is like after the old days
where's the solution correct and
they give it in white where's it so
sorry guys oh my god duck with a beggar
evaluating calls amazing yeah basic
you're us most of us this one's really
good yeah
you're in that is a local engagement
woman I'm drinking you are just like a
tomato a little bit goodbye pool
I forgot stop lot of logging last night
I was just chilled out last night isn't
really three much came back after dinner
hit some drinks and listen to music
pretty much which is really hungry
I really just feel like eating pasta
right now my tongue is so soil so this
tray here is being really painful it's
like digging me like obviously it's just
the way my teeth have moved and missed
track and then my tongue is so swollen
from one of the little screws up
possible swollen them besides we're good
so if I can actually eat you
yeah yeah okay boy there's a photo
inside your belly
I'm going there now
