hey everyone so definitely feeling a bit
bitter today so don't really know what's
happening but anyway I hit this like a
draw but pre-booked so I'm flying out to
Oakland today to take part in a
commercial flash Edie needs a little
edge but it's with some rugby teams like
a red beard I don't know when it's going
to be out but I thought I would take you
along and do a little bit about Highness
scenic filming it looks a little list
and I did my own base for the touch work
I think it's true the commission would
say sorry I'm like Hoth asleep seriously
so I've done my like just base and brow
and then they're going to do some crazy
eye makeup on me I think so to be
exciting to cetyl and I'm just wearing a
white t-shirt and some went to spring
shorts and my Nikes I love these ones
these ones are from stealing sport why
do either left to say I can't have any
verbal line seriously if I had to like
speaking us and I probably won't be
doing it because I am the worst at this
there is a lot but my line splash whoops
oh my life my um action my little scene
is really easy so should be fine
hopefully I'm not too awkward
so it's lying out and like half net and
then um we're flying back home tonight
like eight o'clock I think from my
clothes listen sit down
they nervous about selecting lucky
learners to safely master
10% in mom since effective Ephraimites
you smile sorry
yep they're interesting study bitch she
likes them so I can understand they're a
little bit different there the question
when do you give them change our
audience is on my single for the best
apparently
but okay
three much and in Spain a food
crazy makeup but let's go on camera yeah
I'm out everyone is getting done at the
Milan
therefore this crazy hits obvious huh do
you think Natalie
this idea why my fingers they look
disgusting new cut my nose this is what
they usually look at the state of their
here looking good
let the word here you go product person
a part of the progress of a year hey
feelin good really not done yet but
looking a little bit more how would you
say that crazy good okay see I'm not big
oh I don't know anything a friend of
what what is going to sign hurricane
 Rudy they'd like to doing that with
fleshy things that are well going for
fun we go through life we're Shannon
finish look for the video that's stuck
on have you got lipstick on you know you
kind of do maybe a feeling about it but
okay let's go so runs here going in
there Shannon doing your thing in like
another 30 minutes or something but
we're going to go have a look it's just
like the coffee and hey Don do it
I caught keep it straight hood why do
you use the displacement on you've got
like the Chris
contain all my loving wife wick who has
been given flat water
they definitely fit me
you
now we're having more touch-ups mana
liked women freaking out my posse
you see the flip-flops good enough I
don't even know whose these are good
they look very warm
getting the battery consisted on the
left one
three books month
oh this is my natural makeup look it was
really scary
you didn't light up done that now you're
actually in traffic I kicked my blog my
goal the pharmacist very funny
look honey it isn't fun that we're
trying to get back we fly at its
dividend of now but good oysters by
clapping with me
was it makes more interesting oh yes
anyway we're going back on that and
Shannon did really good how'd you feel
about it all terrified terrified you're
shaking once I want shaking and I was
like do your hands and then you stop so
you have to put your country that is
right you think I don't like it I don't
want it punjah nation I think this one
will sit out good iuck see reckon that's
what's going to be quite cool so it goes
up on the Thames Estuary
heroes want to see it you'll have to
probably look at the video on our site
I'm sure don't put on too much media -
did you see what's up
was real cool at one stage they throw in
like this you'll see how it's playing in
the background but they throw on like an
orange color and it made it look so cool
I don't think they're using it to the
shot which is why I like that yes
thought that scene was little about like
those approaches yeah Laurent in the
head that chuck was the read here was
really good yeah just go home and
someone ripped open my benefit package
hi gorgeous meet the newest member of
the pol official family hope you love it
as much as we go from benefit so much
goodness is like a foundation that's
local kids for the latest in the home
improvement a last one broke I was
Landry is not there you know there when
I got last time guys the one that was in
that corner just boom that's what I
promised hello
now look if your victim oh because what
time 9:00 o'clock man I haven't eaten
all day
apart from a mini egg similar to my good
ear and be okay me I need to be look
guys this is what Hamish got me so
Christmas when we promised each other we
were not doing Christmas presents
together and I've got some watch
different stuff now downsize my jewelry
collection a lot as well but for my
favorite necklaces and my Himalayan pink
salt lands yeah I love it it looks so
pretty
what's your favorite game Hamish wait I
know this so calm you also love
uncharted I forgot the other one what so
long called you're on my I forgot what's
called oh that's wrong
what's the third one my under pillow
your lead
favorite toy from came up he's gonna
grow that's that we're currently really
watching Breaking Bad with just singing
free wheelchairs in the past few nights
been ages since rhetorical I'm so
excited for the next season is what
school with a causal yeah so my brace is
angering offices just to hear has moved
them so much more and it's rotating the
fun here hasn't moved in too much just
yet okay on there so much difference
already come on be my nails change and
host E - tomorrow I'm gonna vlog when up
Wolfie but I really enjoy blogging today
I hope you guys enjoyed a look at the
behind the scenes footage it wasn't
really that much to show if I'm being
honest because most time was just doing
their makeup and then we were just like
waiting and then yes but I showed you I
could so have you guys enjoyed it anyway
chills weirdly vlogging and beard again
how much on this a long time
I'm really tired that's what a guy BMC
thanks
