it's Tuesday meeting day oh we go Gladys
Kai Hamish yeah it's nice
shorty entrance by Colin rhyme this is
great this is the time is just based on
this lasagna smells so good
pumpkin soup think you destroy what you
made we don't know what essentially
different aspects are missing
everything is ers century 13th 14th
century
built obviously
small table pretty naturally aristocracy
and few servants and it is really to me
architecture what's this place called
again sorry this is bear camo this is
the city that
so pretty
this lovely area a lot of another famous
leader here by the way my most famous
Italian composer's they were seen in
don't exactly Vivaldi and so forth so he
comes from this city
this is the city of opera music and it's
certainly given one of the greatest
talents really this is now Beverly Hills
we enter in their elegant so this trip
was built for like a yeah - sokrati and
then upper you know obviously oh my god
so flash bourgeois family yeah and what
sort of year would that have been built
this is dis a--probably mid 19th century
1850 onwards i aged
like i my house that I live in is older
than America itself because America was
discovered in 15 something on my house
was built in 1400 Wow so like it's a
little bit different definition of all
yes
and now you will see me climbing up the
hill this is the funicular you can take
a cable car they will cut that cuts up
the hill if you're fancy and three
minutes ride you end up where we are
going to be and where I live it takes me
three minutes to come to my home with a
cable car and I'm immediately at the so
called but they call it medicated Ellis
car between the squatters the shoe
square because the shoe makers in the
fourteenth century would stand out there
and sell the shoes the elimination
symbol because they built an obviously
lion is a symbol of power of the Venice
of Venetian Republic and now well you
know what I'm going to do I'm going to
do first this and just drive
along the wall this is however but this
is now we are now above the wall this
would be now maybe I can stop here for a
moment
happy Italian Pepe check this out
oh you can you can even see it you can
see it good on here can you yep and if
you turn around diving there yeah oh
yeah I say that the stop of the cable
car behind this house is the square so
that the gate that you can only enter by
six nearby paddle I'm gonna get died
away hills and the guy just if you
looking first eyes on the ceiling all
represent regulators painting the gold
beautiful just different so different
really
so sorry this is what I wanted because
this is all obviously ready
super fresh takeaways yeah you have to
try some of them and shall we get them
and then you have more backup at home in
the hotel in front of TV okay let's go
and finger-point yeah yeah you're hungry
we can warm them up you just make them
take look at this so good is that a
sun-dried tomato YUM oh great the chin
change this one oh god that looks good
away
no Cheers oh welcome please it's a good
what's going on here
if I could put it to somebody from the
accomplished politician that must be
because there's lots of police guarding
him
I'm still kind of stiff
yes life
meetings day to so strong this balls
city
for the water system right because they
are afraid to spoil the buildings
of the longest term at mascara Galleria
your gallery yeah I'll tell you wrote
another while and it was made because
synthetic brushes are made um let's say
we want you to try people think that
brushes are something very easy to do I
mean but there's really a word behind it
Chiz that has been doing brushes for
auntie Annie the Quentin Agatha 3434
well so it's a matter of real fashion
here with you the shape is given by
justice this is your band circles
can you see nothing nothing has been cut
yeah thing is good so nice so cool yeah
I could imagine guys with me this cube
is looking there with get six months
well actually we and have people trained
to make the head of the brushes we need
three four years hmm people intelligence
Wow it's a Hammond circle under G under
finito all the casing what a time matter
see how much care for the brush hmm of
course this is just rolling
yes the cuisine back like it's gonna
fall out
no no no the folder you've got it just
your my topping yes okay she doesn't
that that's all I would be doing the
same thing about fighting it that's it
you're fired
start panicking so Kitty Collins like
right around easy to thank English blend
Prancer that's right be confident
luckily great around okay Meryl Nava is
sick again I think oh okay Oh passion
another P ended yeah it is thank you
doc oh they it's better quality control
they say it's a special tape these are
two different products this one is a
brush cleanser and tell girls it is
usually used to clean them down I don't
see your liquid hard work
yeah so a certain number of articles we
take them from the production and make
all these quality controls yes
everything that every time that we could
use them down they have to be perfect so
yeah check it every time that they
produce them yeah yeah the resistance of
the glue there are many to fight a with
the weight so you that the force applied
you're up to five kilometres the test is
going to check if there are have not fix
it yes but you will probably know is
that at the very beginning of the use of
a brush it is possible that there is one
air to add some hair because sometimes
you know they are not fit very well but
if you keep doing it this means that the
result is that you have a broad to
polish it back
