everyone we are in Milan so we arrived
last night and avoid any of the travel
just because it was exhausting I was
tired like it's just not worth it and
today we're just going to go exploring
it tougher stay here we're going to go
look at some sights go shopping for a
little bit front of some card for our
phones and yeah that's the plan I'm so
excited to be here looks so excited have
been to Melania this is my first time
but my third time to Italy and I can't
wait to date came around hey was just
vlogging as well and his balls are
probably better than my because he
doesn't want some editing and stuff so
I'll put Hamish his link to his channel
down below so you can watch some of his
videos too
I'm not going to do a crapload of
vlogging I'm just probably going to do
like maybe a vlog for you city or
something like that I'm not sure yet but
I'm not going to do them daily I'm just
going to kind of combine it all here's
my outfit today I've got our Jersey as
well of course and gotta put on shoes
but my jeans are from lessons I think
yeah lessons I think my top is from
misguided Daniel Wellington watch and
I'm just going to wait like a big fluffy
cardigan I think I'm actually really
really hot right now but it's like
chilly outside it's not actually like
bad cold it's just kind of like I see
like really icy my lipstick I think is
bombshell by huda beauty and then yeah
just natural kind of makeup not much
Tracy lovely so pretty in the street
fiber century ago oh really
there is the the wall oh so old
and they pull it all down right water
here's the metal and warmer Rebecca and
we're going to go find some food and
then go there afterwards I'm going to go
dog hunting like hunting is in finding
them and taking photos of them look at
amazing beauty goodbye this place is so
beautiful so yeah we're around the dorm
at the moment it's like that cliff like
that way
we're just trying to find some food now
because we've had breakfast or lunch it
was like lunch time and then ball and
then what should be into the Duomo we're
going to just have a look around
probably and I know there's like outlet
stores and all sorts of stuff so we'll
figure it out as we go
it's amazing Heather super old like
buildings but it's really beautiful
thank you
that is full of water do you not have a
high low point for the ones no it's not
really oh my God my cameras flashing
dead already
I swear there's something wrong with
this okay I'll show you guys some stuff
later so much cheese really good I have
not I hate cameras
we'll say sir I've run the line now to
get a second camera zone thank you
hopefully we're allowed to take some
footage we're inside hopefully my camera
doesn't die but Hamish is vlogging to
her luckily I might understand this
better this is my god I love this I like
history is my favorite subject we
learned so much about like sculptures
not everything so every time I come to
like a place like this I'm just sort of
like oh it's so cool it's a beautiful
look at all those people so many people
I've got a bit of vertigo
you're in the museum now it's an old old
old stuff these are from the 16th and
15th century so cool I always get scared
by the figures the eyes okay so scary
looks turn I'm having to draw these an
art nice cool holds us 14 16 to 14 25 it
took
every one so I charged my camera last
night so I can actually vlog some more
stuff today just finished doing my
makeup oh no I'm not wearing matte lips
and it's like getting on my Invisalign
err my lips like so did from the aircon
from the plane
they're like full-on peeling so I
thought today I would wear a creamy
lipstick I should probably just not
relapse tic but that's not an option
so yeah just got to rest I'll show you
my outfit in a second we were hoping to
go the Last Supper today but we only
just looked it up and apparently if to
book your tickets a days no violence and
the next feeling isn't till Tuesday I
think and we're not here on Tuesday so I
really got it I really wanted to see it
but let's just come back another time
and see it I'll show you my outfit now
summering that those shoes I was wearing
yesterday they're from Oh God
older I think and then my jeans are
misguided I'm pretty sure little white
Supriya op and then this coat is from
whitefox boutique I believe it's got a
strap but I've just got a touch behind
my back right now
and I'm wearing oh it's upside down it's
a Kate Spade watch such a fail I
obviously wasn't looking when I put it
on then my ring hamish got me and then
this little flower pinned or ring that's
kind of random on my middle finger might
take it off in English here which I got
from daily look ages ago I'm pretty sure
we're at the gallery yeah I think there
we were yesterday but we didn't know
this was here so we've come back it's so
beautiful
with the art I love it
making some lush doing pizza with Hamish
and got there how you say that crawling
bash and fresh orange juice could be
well damn it design around
I'm Jennifer Louboutin and I found a
really nice do you want you clutch and
it's really nice why I sell bag so
there's some decisions to be made we
went to the mall and I couldn't commit
to a bag and now we're getting ice cream
that's just what happens
Oh gelato or something
this is
I got that it's like ice cream
chocolate gelato Nutella caramel so I
have been a rubbish at vlogging it's now
Monday morning yesterday I went to bed
at like 5:00 p.m. early time just like
by a New Zealand I think I was really
jet-lagged yesterday I felt so sick and
I kept like throwing up in my mouth was
really nasty and I slept until like
midnight woke up for a couple hours and
they just looked to assume in the a.m.
so I pitched so much sleep and I feel
better already
we're gonna go find food now because
yesterday we only had one meal that
pizza I showed you so I'm a bit hungry
my lips are so dry as well like they
just screwed from all the Acorn in the
cold
cotton bother won't make up today I'm
just gonna give my it's gonna break so
I've got a big meeting tomorrow I'm
gonna be able to make up his English I
don't actually know what we're going to
do today because there's not that much
true see step to doing the LAN because
it's more of like a shopping capital you
know and I haven't really done much
shopping I was going to buy a handbag
back link of it I think I told you um
and we've got like a few more cities in
Italy before we go over to Amsterdam
we've got like a couple weeks here so
I've got plenty of time to make up my
mind on what bag I want so I really want
to buy a black handbag I don't have a
black handbag and I just feel like black
is a staple I've just wanted one for
Luke two years so we need about one yeah
don't know what we're doing today I will
take you with me and my awesome under
eye bags like when have you ever seen me
with worse under eye bags in this I
think I'm like seriously dehydrated
I don't know key for breakfast manage
gotta sell it again and I'm gonna
village really good
like a baguette whole thing we're at
this place a I'm gonna get a passion
fruit smoothie David air-cushioned lost
passion for pineapple pomegranate looks
so good the first years and I really
want with him I can get savory ones to
matter look so bright yellow in the
camera yeah
these strawberry you look you're
watching for the light big ol ups
Fishburne s so good and I got a
blueberry so after walking around for a
while we've come to this restaurant here
I just know where we're staying
it's room with log much we haven't
really done much back from I walk around
and shop and explore I just haven't
thought to really vlog it pizza last
good Sun started no no such a weird
combination of food
