good morning everyone it is ximenos 7:00
a.m. I'm just getting ready putting on
my makeup because I have an event later
I am going to film the event and I'm
going to do it get rid of with me right
now I'm in such a rush I just finished
my makeup if I grab my Kindle from the
plane pick my day bag and leavin here's
how my makeup looks I'm wearing the
sheet flashes with tons of mascara and
then um yeah Clinic lipstick because I'm
taking it with me okay so basically I
not even filler and almost happening
today I've been rushing all morning so
today I'm flying to Christchurch to go
to a mickr event and I wasn't going to
go because as you know I am going to
deliver listen I've got too much work to
do that yeah it's a bit stressful but I
just have missed out on so many events
over the last three or four months
because of my family member being in
hospital and then because I've been
overseas and so when this one came up I
really wanted to go and it's a really
exciting one like for Mika opening like
I think it would be really cool and
Chris is there and Ali's there Sally is
there and actually this morning because
Emily and Sully both live in New
Plymouth and for some reason their
flight was canceled tomorrow and Italy
takes nice night she's like holy crap
and he said there are some coming from
Tommy and I was like well you guys could
drive like it's only a couple hours but
they ended up having to take the flight
this morning that was at like 6 a.m. so
they actually drove to my house at 2
a.m. and then got like 2 hours sleep got
up and went to the airport and another
in crashed sugar so I feel really bad
for them they're going to be so tired
that were the same as me like they
really wanted to come to this event so
hopefully it's worth it I'm sure it will
be yeah I thought I just want to make
something different to show you I'm
sorry I haven't been uploading any blogs
lately it's just purely because I've
just been so crazy busy but hopefully
next
when everything's closed settle down it
will get a little bit back to normal and
I'll be able to upload a couple of weeks
in one like two or three a week or two
but see life is hectic so he kicks I
like my makeup today though I'm glad it
cooperated and glad my eye line
cooperated although the site's really
crooked committed it's no be currently
tall if you're just looking at me I was
so worried I'd like do I risk doing
liquid eyeliner I don't know but it was
okay I'm wearing one of my old Daniel
Wellington watches today they still sell
this one though I think but I just saw
it and I thought it went really nicely
with the denim I was wearing today this
time is not correct as its 9:06 hmm oh
all right here it is just it across from
I think this is felon yeah if Ellen
times it's just straight ahead next to
super it I just saw others sadly they're
silly and Italy how pretty
look how many chances looks so good John
Stacy as well she's into the makeup that
conceal is really good the naked
concealer the concealer yeah
look at mine because we're dropping busy
right now
with the crew
what
amazing
really amazing illustrator in the back
corner who are we doing computer log
deploy detective you feel more of a slow
case lectures in the metal as many to
still home that it's made in Australia
and Karen them into body care the class
out its gel with Rocky trivia knows why
I showed you a nose before how I left it
wait yeah okay this really awesome looks
good like that yeah okay they're not
even without with look at the
finish a motor they not focus way
they've got it yet yeah yeah come on
like opposite I was like I'm going into
winter in Italy so yeah I might as well
go I wanted to double dot tomorrow so
what I'm like what's on tomorrow musical
oh yeah are you coming
oh my god
the defining moment was got so much
shopping
so the last uh-oh you got some good
beauty products this is one of my
managers by the way go swimmer stuff
we're just leaving now am I gonna go get
some lunch we're at this place called
Elaine how cute
quick areas or just like always in your
face I feel like you're always did
curly fries me and Sally is sharing a
Pegasus epiphytic I don't have the
burgers like we're splitting here we're
not that hungry when I got when it but
it's okay yeah it's fine we've got lots
of chips and I think we've got beans
coming oh here we do right there portal
waiting to put our flight 18 o'clock 10
o'clock it's been such a fun day but I
feel like it's just flowing by yeah it
feels like it should only be like 3
o'clock in the afternoon but it's
getting late now I think and the girls
are going to see probably stationed on
it because somebody had like two hours
sleep yeah time even I'm dying and I
read like eight others believe zombies
yes so we'll just get some food and then
sleep I like your outfit too it's pretty
thank you really like it was looking
like I would tear again yeah like people
thought it would a shell buttons yeah
it's cute hey guys so it is no Thursday
yesterday was the maker of in I want to
show you guys my goodie bag later this
is such an awkward angle I want to show
you guys the goodie bag later that I got
and I also bought some stuff from makers
well but today at the moment I'm about
to hit Valentine to get my breath I'm so
excited I feel like when you're an adult
the things you get excited about wearing
a huge jump because it's like freezing
today it's really sunny at the same time
interesting
seriously it's meant to be spring and
this weather is like winter but bright
over anyways yeah I'm going down to
Wellington to go see my dentist going to
get my braces on and then grab em later
now sure you make it a bag and they're
not in this vlog hopefully I can get it
up a Frehley fiddly
Wellington with a slide you need
anything else in the new snap
Hey
hi hold up all right I've got it you
want oh there's one day
this is horrible bring in New Zealand
everyone this is what my dentist is
white crew house in Wellington what
floor they oh this one I think floor one
look at my qualifications what's this
thing
all rights away so we're just like them
yeah it's a lie right all right no
that's right I'm like obviously it's a
lot how does it do what sunny place now
so these are attachments that we can see
so that's gonna help you're so good at
this I can't do it so it's just
attachments they go onto the tape
Invisalign yep I'm sorry you can say
them it's so hard to say
I couldn't even sing when I was looking
fo
or they just had so much money to build
all these beautiful buildings at the
time so the architecture was amazing is
it less religious sandpaper yeah and
then we've got something that measures
how much it took up so this is little
key yeah yes it was technical kay yes
okay just got all these measurements oh
yeah oh cool
so then I know how much I took out so
I'm not gonna talk off more than I need
to it yeah okay awesome okay this filter
this is Shannon's tape out or not and
this is what it looks like that you said
it comes into our minor right oh no does
it yeah that's moving it's moving yeah
whom a sensitivities that like negative
1000 can you see the difference there
you go there you go
oh the battery's gonna die and then
there's the was the top that's what it
looks like here we go last one maybe see
how much it changes for those people
that sit in their braces that's insane
and then oh that cameras going to die
I'm not right okay mana bigger
I think is the top that's restraining
you to look at that it's insane the
difference before after no we are stuck
in a traffic jam dying I feel like I
have a lush thank you hmm
the boys say your knee braces your tape
of fine but I even need elastics because
my take is ass or crooked and like
rotated a lot of people wouldn't need
elastics but I do my camera is gonna die
I'll talk more about it when they get
mine hey everyone so it's the next day
now if you can tell I have a bit of a
list going on Lisp I was going to
continue my vlog last night but we used
to afternoon but to be honest I was just
not upset just saw and just overwhelmed
because it's just I don't know there's
so much information once to do with like
the elastics and everything I was just
like oh my god if I got myself into but
I'm feeling fine today I also had to get
my teeth ground down because I don't
have enough room in my lower jaw for an
all of my teeth so in Sochi ground to
have my teeth a little bit and it
actually didn't hurt I was really scared
about that step but to be honest it
didn't hurt at all it felt like nothing
it just was the sound that was gross
like was it standing sound and I got the
shivers but I couldn't feel it at all I
promise you like there was no pain or
discomfort whatsoever and then she glued
like the little buttons in up here I
don't know he didn't see that the
elastics go on - um I haven't really
eaten very much because it is just saw
my gums are like quite inflamed I guess
you know it's all new and everything
I've googled all of this and it seems to
be something that a lot of people go
through it's not the end of the world
it's not the worst pain even when I took
some painkillers last night I can feel
it so I'll probably take some more soon
because it's sounding a little bit sore
it did have to file down
one of the trays as well that you can
cut them up a little bit and file them a
little bit down the blue bottoms and
tops and stuff as your teeth move if
they're starting to dig in anywhere
I was the novice who just like gently
file a little bit of it away so I did
that down here because it was making my
look bleed which wasn't ideal down in
here I don't know he can see where it's
all like buried yeah my teeth like a lot
of people say you know they're like my
teeth and my teeth aren't bad but I
guess it's like kind of where you can't
see it with my teeth are really bad and
one of the biggest things that
considered me was just my oral health
because these teeth are actually really
difficult to clean in between and around
because of the angle they stick out on
like I like scrub them and they're still
like plaque and stuff on them so that
was just a big issue for me I really
want to fix that and I just have always
not liked these two teeth and like I've
gotten no issue with my top teeth some
of them are rotated but I can't see it
so I don't care that I mean we've got a
fix at all and it's going to be so much
nicer once through effects and they're
just going to be so much easier to take
care of cuz you know I want my teeth to
last my whole life I don't want them
falling out when I'm frigging 40 or
something because you know they're
decaying or whatever I take a really
good care of my teeth but yeah it was
just really difficulty clean so I'm
really excited as you can see you can't
really see the actual Invisalign like if
I was talking normally right now without
the like Lisp uncial you wouldn't even
notice really may look sir a little bit
swollen at the moment I don't know if
you can tell they look kind of big I've
got another lip product one usually have
to use lots of lip liner to make them
look bigger home yeah that's how I'm
feeling at the moment um yeah I felt a
bit over one last night but today it's
fine and I'm going to do this thing
where I like film my teeth like this
like every two weeks on my main channel
um if I'm going to put them all together
and then at the very end after like a
year or a year and a half we'll held
along we've got these in for I didn't
even ask I should have asked you know
because I don't know how long I need
them for our ass next time I going but
yeah after that time I'll put all of the
clips together so you can like see my
teeth he's being annoying I just took
him for a walk so you can see my teeth
like straighten up hopefully and I'll do
a review and I'll give you guys my
honest opinion
if I think they're worth it and how I
went with them obviously I haven't tried
normal braces so I can't compare but
I'll just let you guys know what my
experience is like and then obviously in
my vlogs I'll show you a bit as well um
and now I just want to show you my stuff
I got from Mika because I got some
really cool stuff something that was
free they bought some stuff too because
I just wanted to try out some new stuff
and they had a guy that was talking
about all the products and he just made
me want to buy everything here's a very
good salesperson I'm really excited to
get I to straight here's my big bag of
goods and and here is my stuff that I
bought and then all of that believe it
or not was for free which is so lucky we
got absolutely spoiled at this event
it was super fun - it was such a fun of
you it was really good catching up with
everyone and meeting a few new people as
well which was really nice I love this
lip color look how friggin stunning
those three girls oh I love it
anyway I'll show you what I bought first
so a couple of things are a repurchase
most of it I got the BB thickening dry
sperm finish which I love really got
I've already used it before and then I
really use this as well the Korres guava
body butter is so good it smells amazing
- and I got a mini size of one of my
favourite masks this is the power mode
excuse the back e in the background we
just gave the dogs a bath and they're
really hyper
I got a mini for Italy because the big
size is quite heavy so I bought this
late and then for a hydrating mask I
bought this one drink up intensify
origins just like a mini sized one
I think I'll actually take this on the
plane as well because it's under a
hundred mil and then I bought this this
was a hundred and fifteen dollars you
guys this mean to be life-changing I'm
hoping it's not life-changing so I don't
want have to repurchase it but I thought
I'd give it a go I want to see if it's
all that bye drunk elephant and it is
marula oil and it's pure I think it's
grown in Africa and it's only allowed to
be connected like the fruit is only
allowed to be collected once it falls on
the ground there's all these regulations
you're not a lot of farm it so it's
really hard to get like the oil is
really hard to get supposed to be
amazing for your skin um I don't know if
you guys want to pause there and have a
read yeah
I'll show you what I got for free
lots of this will be give away stuff
this is by 22 braum a co-parent looks
really good what else I got the Josie
Maran organic moisturizing oil I'll
probably take them on the plane chokes
it's more fitter than sex mascara a
Naked palette also the hourglass light
lighting palette I think I've got this
as well so that's another giveaway item
the 16 brand finger pin it's like a
lipstick I think light beige maybe on a
compressed foundation with moist creamy
texture that blends with the skimming
covers dark circles and imperfections
okay that's a concealer and mini body
wash which I'll probably take to LA and
then I'll display a big one over there
because only building that this is for
another giveaway orgasm Laguna my nose
oh so this is for me
Punjab Nashua another giveaway item this
is sell out by molted Too Faced and then
d slick sitting spray which hopefully
give likes I don't have all the skin
lipstick clean frog prints which I've
already got zealot vise lipstick they
are bins okay stay low stay all day
waterproof liquid eyeliner I'll probably
give that away as well I think it's like
a felt tip which I don't usually use
chocolate bar palette which I've already
got you guys are in for a treat I just
need get around to actually doing them
I'm excited to try this the drying
lotion by Mario Badescu I love the other
versions but they weren't supposed to be
like the Holy Grail oh gee one there is
a like load latex free winter springe
some Frank body scrub and the medium
beige in at 20 foundation type in
minerals so obviously all of the stuff
is available at knickknacks my online
they have a New Zealand website too now
which is really cool so if you just
google make make an excimer it'll come
up oh my gosh my mouth hurts so much
I'm going to stop talking now we're not
doing much I think some friends are
coming over then we're going to play
some Tetris on PlayStation
just have a really chill now I've done
lots of work today so just want to wipe
down for the night and then this weekend
I'm probably going and pack and just
carry fitly and then I can kind of work
Monday through to Thursday when we leave
so yeah that's the plan I'll talk to you
guys soon bye
