good money it's nice day okay Hamish is
bit dad oh I need to change my battery
we're gonna go for a walk up the mouth
so we've got a sneakers on and we're
ready to go let's go to the back weather
all right I need to find my hair my
kontiki that pet from a few years ago
when I did that contact your pics of
youtubers we've just been house hunting
Peppa more like down the road from the
map see if there's anything we like here
and I got 2x so much we're gonna go to
mini golf now we've got a house being at
one o'clock so I mean hammers just came
back from looking at a house and we love
it so excited don't know if we're
getting it yet obviously there's a lot
of steps in buying a house but we
actually found something that we really
like so keep you guys updated we're kind
of excited which I'm trying not to get
too excited cuz you know how the last
two houses worked out and if you're new
here the first time we love to house we
went to auction and we just decided not
to push it because we already went above
like what we wanted to spend
and we regretted that for ages and then
the other house we loved which was like
a dream house head really badly King and
they're still actually fixing it so we
just don't think that's like a wise
decision to go for that it's still
because once it's been leaky like you
just don't know what issues its gonna
have in the future so I'm so nervous
that this one's gonna do something wrong
with it but we'll see
hey guys so I just got ready for say
dreams here's my makeup my ring pencil
ashes the Stila liquid I should our
lipstick coming soon tick so beauty and
lip liner as well my foundations the
Clinique two and one my highlight and
contour is the pro glow palette and my
blush is a busier and the rest of my
eyeshadow is the shedding so palette
benefit brow this morning we looked at
that house again who knows what's gonna
happen I'll obviously keep you guys
updated and other than that we've just
been chilling and yes where didn't you
house now by the way because we needed a
different place to stay for one night
because
we decided to go to this festival real
estate agent yes
what's up with this fellow and I yeah
you tell them they're getting a pony or
something no I don't know how much I
should say you come okay we're getting a
building report done ace so we have come
to an agreement we're gonna but if it's
shirt it's got like legs against yeah
Emily yeah to be honest this one is what
would your anything cool of it it's like
everything it was not in the location we
wanted but the house is literally like
teen attitude with a couple of minor
changes which is so normal that's good
that's good
and then my outfit is not very festival
like I would have liked a t-shirt but
believe it or not I actually forgot to
pack chefs I have like a couple of
shirts and recently play suits and stuff
so this skirt is from I actually think
is whole outfits from which Oppo this is
one star my shoes that just came out
shoes there's my bra and then I've just
braided my hair to try and look a little
bit more festive all like but it's not
just look like I'm about to a clubbing
or something - the hills but oh well
it's all I had I love the skirt though
because I'm like seriously bloated
really need to go to an extra pair
because I don't know just food has not
been agreeing with me lately all ate
like anything in the morning and my
stomach feels so full instantly after
like a couple of bites and it just hurts
like something's not going right with my
body so you get that checked out so this
is quite it's good to kind of cover the
bulges packed my bag of the essentials
this is not the color I'm wearing right
now but here's a sneak peek yes
creamy finish I'll probably put that on
later ripple of okay here we go
I used to go home I think you're right
brother he's right
we're going there is this a crossing can
we go Thank You Shannon introduce people
to the same thing as Pammy ward
Sullinger
that looks cute as we have been told
that you're the guy Marty
so we've made it through
No
show me the stages is that the one we're
going to well that's because at the
moment we're close to that I think he's
the last person I care about him and had
go to the drinks this is coming out of a
lecture hall that's honestly that was
quite we're gonna go
the most damning probably
so I've just finished editing that last
portion of this vlog that you're saying
oh my goodness
how tragic started put you through that
the best time at bedrooms I think it's
probably my favorite festival I've ever
been to in New Zealand in fact one of my
favorite ones ever like I just had the
best freaking Titan me and Hamish both
had the best time and I was really
probably caught out some like old
friends there that I haven't seen in a
while and just some people I didn't
expect to run into so it was just such a
like good good day / night it was really
fun any room was so awesome I made some
new friends so it was so good just
really tragic
I edited out this footage of like me
dancing with Aaron and oh my god who the
heck do I think I am I look like a total
decade hopefully not in the crowd was
filming me because literally like I
cannot dance I don't know who I was
thinking who I was do you know what I
mean anyway I thought I would just add
on some more to this vlog because it is
so short I hadn't been vlogging for a
few reasons I have kind of seen a couple
times in my recent vlogs and just
haven't felt right I don't know my
mental health has been not the best
lately I have taken proactive steps to
reducing my workload what you guys would
be happy about I think I will be getting
an editor this year
so me and my manager are working on that
at the moment because I just it's just
not healthy like the amount I'm worrying
and stressing and I figure someone can
just even hit it like a couple of my
blogs awake that gives me more space to
breathe to work on it so beauty without
stressing myself out too much I'm
working till 11 o'clock at night and
also it just means that can really focus
on creating like creating the footage
which is my favorite part like vlogging
I love looking so much but you know some
of you guys have noticed like some of
these vlogs is so behind and I just like
yeah a couple of those reasons like one
just trying to edit everything it has
been Christmas in New Year's so of
course I've taken a little bit of time
off so even logging is regularly I know
some people get frustrated when the
vlogs are a bit behind and I'm sorry
about that but I just don't want to like
not upload them they will get more
recent obviously but it's just that time
of year you know what I mean so I do
apologize if you're a bit and got it
that but yeah I'm gonna try and upload
more frequently here like I keep saying
that I feel like I am kind of frequent
you know there's usually at least one to
three a week which is good but I would
like it to be like three every week if
that makes sense on my vlog channel my
main channels going really well I've
been putting a lot of effort into my
videos like always but really like I've
just been feeling my recent uploads like
I'm really enjoying like the contouring
I've put out like I just think it's
really good
do you know what I mean like sometimes
as you're creating you put out stuff
you're like oh I think it's okay you get
really good feedback for some reason
just like I don't know whereas I just
loved some of the videos I put out
recently which is really cool it's a
good feeling so hopefully that happens
more often but it's just that creative
promisee sometimes it's just like what
is this um and just my overall health
like I've been dealing with some stuff
and I am taking active it steps who help
myself and my mental health just been
nagging on my mind lately just haven't
felt I had so much fun just like
relaxing over the Christmas and years
break but I don't know
I just I don't know I think it's just
like I said a couple of logs ago like I
miss my family members so much and I
don't know I feel a bit lost sometimes
but it's just part of the grieving
process I guess and also like Hamish is
being sick again he got tonsillitis
again the other day like four days ago
so I haven't been vlogging because of
that also like this just been so many
things happening but yeah keen to get
back into vlogging now poor Hamish I'm
here to go there like emergency doctor
and get like antibiotics and everything
because he was getting really sick and
he's silly like he's gone torched I was
like don't go into work like you need to
take a day off he's hit like the weekend
to recover but I was like you should
take Monday off as well today's Monday
but he doesn't listen he's like a little
workaholic and you know last time we
talked about the tonsillitis like people
like oh we get tongues was taken out
here look in other countries we drew
here as well like I've had mine taken
out when I was little
Hamish never got his taken out and then
back in it was when we're moving to
Auckland so like 2013 mm mm 12 he was on
the list to get them out and then
we're moving so here to go back on the
list then you got back on the list and
they need a job interview or something
like that so here to like turn down the
appointment once again because here in
New Zealand it's like a free procedure
really the procedure you get put on a
public waiting list and then you know
your name comes up so if you can't go
obviously they're going to give it
someone else they won't just like piss
upon you you just got off the less you
have to go back onto it so then after
that time he didn't rebook for whatever
reason he actually wasn't sick for a
long long time like his tonsils just
didn't play out for like a couple years
I suppose what's that I'm trying to like
work it out in my head but I'm just so
tired
however yeah like recently he got it
again he actually got again like I
wanted to say last year but the year
before last year I'm so confused he got
it again but just didn't go back on my
list and I'm like and then II went
that's the doctor in they were like oh
you probably don't need to get your
tonsils out because you don't get
tonsillitis very often anymore but now
he's got it again so I don't know what
his doctors gonna say because the
emergency doctor sorry this is so late
bloody the emergency doctors not his
normal doctor so he has to go to his
normal doctors to talk to him about if
he needs to get them out again my life
is just full-on but I felt a little bit
bitter today like today's Monday I feel
like last week because we got back from
the mount last week and then obviously I
started work like midweek and it was
just really weird I guess starting work
in the middle of the week I was like
what am i doing like I was just really
disorientated and couldn't remember what
I was meant to be doing even though it's
got anything like a week since I was
working but now that it's like Monday
and I've been working all day like I
feel like much better like my routine is
coming back so I'm feeling good about
that I feel like my mental health is a
little bit better I don't take holidays
which I know is not healthy but it was
like when I wasn't working like I just
felt really strange and sad I guess
because I was not like I wasn't keeping
myself busy enough or something I don't
know I don't know at the best time away
with Hamish thought the mouth it was so
relaxing ah just a little bit of an
update for you guys so yeah pretty
stoked about that it was really really
really relaxing and I can't wait to hear
about the house as well I will update
you when I hear more of course it's the
beginning of the year so everywhere is
like shut at the moment the council the
builders or that
it's getting sorted soon I'm gonna open
some mail
have much mail was the beginning the
year but I'm gonna show you what I've
got anyway so if you've been watching me
for a while you know I am a music junkie
excuse me mr. toenails
what are you Bolin I'm a huge music
drunk you and I usually need your nails
done again geez they grow so fast in
this whipper I swear it's like the hot
with it anyway
it's relevant I love Dillon Francis when
my favorite producers sorry he tweeted
about his merch and I immediately bought
it because duh I just bought one thing
the I don't give a fuck oh shit which is
always a good life motto
and by the way to kind of lie there's
like quite a lot of packages oh my god
seems this bubble @t bath and body had
this Christmas Siberia T but they have
for your bath oh my gosh actually give
some to my friend mckaela to try to she
loves Bob's like I do and then at this
lemongrass and green tea shower gel and
a restoring hand cream do you mind do
you mind since you insist
in being in my video what do you think
of the smell
do you like it yeah why so sent me their
foundation blender is this like a fancy
sponge oh my gosh I think it is cool
it's like flat on one side and then all
flat them two sides it's so interesting
obviously it's hard small but I'm sure
you once you Widow it'll get softer oh
and it's flat on the bottom that's so
cool
next up this is from a designer brand
nose is back it's got a different boy
every second okay so if I got like a
diamond to help shade I should repel it
twelve super shimmery shadows coal
pencil and jewel I should have rushed
and we have a face base pellet I'll say
these for a at first impression at some
stage this kinds of blush lip color
bronzer highlighter and another
highlighter I want to see what it looks
like on the inside so here's the iced or
palate and then at the like blush and
lip and bronzer and exceed or appellate
actually this color so nice it feels
nice - it's very shimmery let's see the
shimmery eyeshadow hello
well that's a stunning color looks
really pigmented so I'll try them an a
at drugstore first impression at some
stage my camera is dying class okay I
had to have a break for a little while I
just edited a video to charge my camera
we're back it's 5:00 p.m. okay this is
from Mika thank you make it says Shannon
we hope you have so little of this
makeup because medical products make is
America and online at make a video koto
in Zedd
so we have a and license powder which is
a golden illuminating powder balms and
brush and lit from within it drops I am
excited okay so this powder looks so
beautiful it does feel a little bit
gritty when i swatched it I'll show you
in a second but the actual effect looks
really nice so I do want to try it on my
face to see how it feels like on the
face and then these are the liquid drops
and then the like Valmy creamy product
so on it my hand from left to right
we've got the powder the liquid and the
cream the cream looks really beautiful
we decided to see how they will work on
the skin and then they also gave me a
ring light which is so cute I'm so
excited and then the brush I forgot to
say this is how it looks and it's really
really soft and quite dense filling it's
actually a lot smaller than any of my
other fan brushes I have my kiss me at
live glamour subscription which
obviously a photo video at this month I
don't know like I feel like half of you
guys love them half of you guys don't
watch them like they always seem to get
list views and everything else so you
know let me know if you actually like
them or not
a dinner I really like this look liquid
liquid lipsticks though we've got a
couple of that we outfits from one sick
I don't love someone today low it's like
a polka dot number and something that's
really I think this is actually a skirt
maybe a new stalker but he me stuff they
sue me this cute headband and then this
scrub excuse me sir
it's not a toy I haven't tried this yet
but I'm so looking forward to trying it
I do need a try as soon and then we've
got skinny tea and : tea that sounds
exciting
and what else have they seen and then
another details - I actually did this
this morning I was gonna say today this
morning straight after I got this shower
I frickin love it I really recommend
this it's so good and I'm glad I put a
backup whose minds have him do I am did
this is so pretty
next up there is a Evan take a little
gift and this is a mascara troublemaking
mascara and then I should repel it with
the triple size mascara it looks like
this mmm those colors look really pretty
how nice it is for like autumn winter
weather more mickr except this time it
is the lowest rated stuff I'm gonna do
that video hopefully this week like film
it I mean it'll keep you guys updated I
was surprised at some of the brands that
were the lowest rate it was really
really bit reviews I'm hoping that it's
not going to be as bad as some people
say it is because you know everyone's
got different opinions but that's why
I'm trying it I'm gonna tell you what's
good and what's really really terrible
next the summit near tot stuff so we
have lip paints that are met
we've got highlighting lip paints which
is shimmery kind of like that um what
are they is your way lip tapas I guess
and then highlighting lip paint away the
same thing okay and then a chrome
shutter pause okay so we have the lip
paints and then we have the little eye
shadow
a pocket princess which I really like
the sponsor and then this palette here
oh my god I'm gonna love this anti
bronzers like yellow powder yes
condor yes yes yes you're in max medial
I passed this on to me from Marc Jacobs
Beauty so thank you so much to get a
little bit busted but look how cute oh
my god I feel like Stella Jo would like
died over there then we have a mascara I
really like this one scarf it's the same
one volume all velvet like nurse about
it and then a lipstick oh my god this is
in the shade perfect
oh my god it's such a nice color and
then we have it the snake
Thomas it of lip glosses and then this
little set with this cute little tassel
brush like I don't brush what makeup bag
kind of situation little mini lipsticks
I love another super cute tart a little
gift from them this is a blemish bully
that's so cute
with a drink bottle and skipping-rope
the blemish bully which is like a
obviously anti blemish like treatment
and then a tailing at treatment which is
supposed to exfoliate balance and
minimize your pores in a t-shirt
next up is a bigoted stuck-up package
from la girl what they conceal is good
days seriously the marshmallow s'mores
and some Pro blending it sponges which
look like cheaper versions of the why is
that one yay thank you
la go I love this concealer store I
haven't used it in a while Sartain are
why I guess because I've been trying out
new ones is were like my holy grail for
a while so I should really go to go
again soon because I really love it next
up is this studded kiss cream it
lipstick collection oh my goodness so
they sent me a ton of different colors
which hey some look really unique like
all of these ones and there's some
bright pinks and more unique color is
like heaps of cool color is man name is
you're obsessed with bloomer we've
washed up sure this would currently be
super those work oh wow Christmas play
test and what was that one can't
remember white beer we're at season 3
episode 4 we watched every other single
one yesterday here episodes different
watch white Christmas I think we were
the last people on the planet to
actually watch a so I'm sure everyone
else has seen it they still nor there is
some kids playing in the street and they
think that they got dogs when those
people are allowed to play in the street
and banished to here look yeah get in
the room
Louis so stay Louie he's like he's
worried a mom about to go yes I know
so sketch in it when we make him stay in
our room with us look cuz he knows
stay means and he knows you'll get in
trouble well like stay and he's a rally
at us how cute he is the he literally
thinks it's a roll wheel or a he thinks
he's the most basic huge dollar you know
you need to wake up buddy I'm have to
give you on this weekend oh we go away
game tired now
