good morning everyone that I thought I
would vlog today because something
incredibly scary hit the last night it
is the 14th of November that midnight
last night like I think was about 12:30
or something was it I can't really
remember um we had like a huge
earthquake which Lee all of New Zealand
had multiple like big earthquakes it was
worst hit down in Christchurch to think
the boys were hit the worst like
Christchurch Wellington and personal but
personal doesn't have too much damage
it was just felt really strong here
Wellington seem to have quite a lot of
damage I think is it kaikoura had a lot
of damage i think two people so far have
passed away which is really horrible and
scary so my thoughts are totally with
anyone affected by that my thoughts with
anyone that are hurt at the moment or
you know anything that's happened to
anyone you know i my thoughts with you
my family and friends are all okay
luckily my family member in hospital
didn't feel a thing and my grandparents
and everyone applying my mum was fine I
called her straightaway and I called my
friends in Christchurch and they were
fine I think of a friend of mine 10 was
like I think they did I get out it was
really scary and a lot of damage there I
think because Wellington is a very old
city and a lot of that infrastructure is
actually quite old it was incredibly
scary so basically what happened was
Zeus was barking he was sleeping on a
beard which he's been doing lately God
knows why he was just sleeping on top of
the blankets at the end the beard and he
was barking and I kind of like ignored
it at first and then I woke out because
I heard this horrendous noise and the
first thought in my mind was oh my god
there is someone in my house right now
like I thought it was like a home
invasion like someone was it was like
about to come and attack me at Hamish
something because the noise was just
scary and like Zeus's box went just like
a normal box that he bought so like plus
men for example it was like a really
alarming loud angry bach and it was
really scary but as soon as I really I
don't need to me that I'm sickened to
realize that everything was bending so I
got out of bed and I literally just ran
to the store here I ran to the store
here because Hamish was right behind me
so he took I'd be gentle all of these
were shut those doors were shut so he
matauri into the store frame and I just
ran all the way here
and I just remember watching the store
frame and it was like bending like this
it was messed up
thankfully like I have is a brand-new
house well when we moved in it was brand
new we moved in and very early 2014 so
it would've been built at the very end
of like 2013 and I'm guessing you know
it's really up to date with all the
earthquake codes and everything like a
New Zealand building's really stretched
because of all the earthquake spaghett
so our house is like pretty much fine I
saw a lot of it older houses getting
really bad damage on Twitter and stuff
people's walls falling down everything
and to be honest when I was standing
right there I thought that our house was
about to just fall down not to mention a
fell off um like the shelves or anything
our house was really swaying and bending
I was just talking about friends on
Facebook they said that's a good thing
because apparently house is supposed to
sway with an earthquake because if it's
really rigid and you know if it's like
the lanes swaying in your house does not
sway it causes all the snapping and
breakage so our house was really like
rocking side to side it felt like I was
on a boat with extreme like like I felt
sick I felt like I was gonna spear the
floor like I was like literally like
this like I can't even like show you
like it was like really bad I could hear
all of the glasses in here toppling I
noticed before like all the plates are
like all crooked I could hear like the
bottles like rolling around like this
but not that fast it was a lot slower
and my drawers in my beauty room all
opened up I wouldn't change like light
last Magnus it was the last thing on my
mind to be honest I could hear all the
glasses chinking together the lights
were flashing and then just the noise of
the house it was so freakin scary is the
biggest earthquake I've ever felt in my
life
I hate to think of what like crash shirt
went through all those years ago like
absolutely horrible no one should have
to deal with that but hey that's just
mother nature what a bloom was really
scared he didn't get off the bed and it
sounds horrible but me and Hamish
couldn't even like get home because we
thought the house was going to fall and
that terrifies me like what if it did
and what would have happened to him but
I would hope that he would come to us
but we did not feel safe to like leave
the door frame we didn't have anything
to hide underneath like any tables or
anything unless we came in here and it
was actually terrible like it's really
unsteady look at this table would have
been moving I wasn't watching it though
but look at this actually I think I feel
like I remember that and wait
but that was really immediately made us
like the cheapest friggin dining table
weaver I was even standing there and I
looked down there was a spider down
there like a spider literally I saw it
crawl out I was just so like I was like
shaking like this or rocking like this I
didn't even care about the spider and
you guys know how much I hate spiders I
was just like I didn't care about that
right now that the spider even like came
out of the wall like the frigging
spiders we're scared it was bad so yeah
I hope everyone was okay I know a lot of
you guys were scared to be seized
because I was tweeting you guys it was
really scary I didn't get much sleep
after that hey management's trivets
sleep he was like scared as when it was
happening but afterwards oh be well
that's done were okay and he was like it
won't be another big one there was a
couple of aftershocks but I think in
Christchurch they felt way more
aftershocks and he felt one aftershock
and I could hear like all my jewelry
like hitting each other and stuff in my
room but it was fine so yeah that was my
statement of last night it was horrible
I hated it so much I mean watch in the
cupboards see how much stuff fell like
there's some stuff that like got close
to the edges and stuff but our house was
just swaying more than anything I'm
bending like I swear like the wood was
bending there wasn't too much damage
there's a couple of door frames that
have kind of popped out a play like just
lame or the paint and like the edges are
a little bit off by millimeter or so and
some of the tiles are a little bit off
like they're just cracked and that one
correct quite badly actually and down
here this bit here like all cracked
because like seriously that's minor I'm
don't even care how animals are fine
Zeus was good he ran straight Smee is
standing it out there I was standing
here he was just sitting next to my legs
I think it was really scared I can't
remember his barking or not but Louie
was just too scared to move so note to
self if there's another earthquake need
to grab the dog
Hamish his room got the worst cracking
the door friends are elected now so if I
can zoom you in I honestly like after
hurdle happened after I'd calmed down a
bit I was like man why did I not look
but you know that was the last thing in
my mind people to vlog
you know while a net result is happening
like that is I don't even know how like
people think of it it's so smart but I
just that was the last thing on my mind
I thought I was going to die
well I don't know if I was going to die
I just felt like the ceilings were gonna
collapse and the lights were like flashy
as well like the electricity was like on
and off in you and being so good you
looking after Isis your warning us meet
you yes you is a good boy you're a good
boy
my little zhuzh I love him so much like
actually like he's just the best I say
this here so the paint on our walls is
like you know it's just the typical
paint like cheap airs paint that they
just check on because they can't be
bothered using anything that's actual
quality so everything rubs off like you
see like with these like little marks on
the walls and it's just like from people
like rubbing their clothing on the walls
and stuff it just transfers like
eventually me and Hamish just need to
repaint this whole house but it's just
such a big job but I don't know if you
can see this this here is paint off
there and up here so this painting
painting this photo frame was if you
follow that it was there and I'm holding
my camera straight like yeah it was
pretty hit day and it's like all the way
up there so the house was really flying
it was scary that's not straight now um
there's some more damage up here that's
not too major like as I said really who
does the I'm so going to get
someone into the house just make sure
that none of the wood seriously damaged
it doesn't look like it is better to
just check but up here this is the spare
room Hamish pointed this out to me like
the door was just like obviously rubbing
so much because of the bending of the
wood it's like shaved like look at that
isn't that like sanded away the paint
and this is like roughly it's like sand
the wood and I garish there's a bit of
damage as well I'm just in the corners
and like the word sniffing and stuff
PlayStation nearly came off but it was
relatively fine not too much stuff fell
it was just like doors opening these
sliding doors were actually completely
shot wall this one was shot and then
this one was like here I walked out like
after it was all over I walked straight
through here and I was like oh my god
like because obviously the house is just
being side to side so the rolling doors
muster just like opened up yeah it was
pretty scary I don't want to lift
through that again but no joke I whoa
because that's just what you get for
living on a country that's made out of
basically fault lines hazers well done
New Zealand
you're so cute I love you so much yes
and I love you too
anyway I just thought I'd update you on
that I am okay my family and friends are
okay and thank you so much for the well
wishes so many people overseas well I
kill my god are you okay I shocked that
like you know other countries were
reporting on it because I don't know I
feel like news on such a small country
non cares but yeah there was lots of
media all over the place so thank you
for all of the thoughts everything my
thoughts are with you guys who have
suffered a loss through this I know we
should be happy that it was only two
people that have passed away that two
people were still way too many it's
really sad you know and it was horrible
as well so many people have lost a lot
of property down so Kaikoura I remove
this the right town and so many people
have suffered from theft from scumbags
that have you know who looted houses
when people had to evacuate because it
was a so now in war minute warning I
think it was a little tsunami maybe two
meters wasn't me if I remember currently
I can't be but I haven't really looked
it up too much because I'm still really
shaken I don't really want to read about
it too much just yet I'll watch that
later so yeah um today I'm just working
I was gonna film but there's no way okay
you like I don't even know if you guys
can tell but I'm just like scattering
and I don't know I'm talking about right
now but it's not fun it was not fun at
all just the noise the rocking the
lights it was just very overwhelming and
like I guess when I see like Hamish
scared as well that scares me so much
because he's always like my rock and
when he's afraid I'm like oh my god I'm
gonna die you know it was really
emotional and like I didn't even cry the
whole time I was just kind of slouching
because I couldn't actually walk
properly because the house was moving so
severely I don't know if we're like on a
bad patch of land where I live I don't
really want to disclose where I live in
Palmerston North I don't know it's not a
bad patch land or what but it was bad
and I looked out the windows and
everyone had their lights on all of a
sudden like everyone had been walking up
by it obviously and all the houses
around here like the same as mine so
they would have had the same feeling in
their houses I have no doubt I should
really go talk to my neighbors but just
overwhelming it's intense
one lady that lives near me works at a
shop I always go to Soho has good summer
pappan I'm going to get back to work now
editing some videos I'm freaking out
because I go to Italy enlist in two
weeks I'm away and crash shoot one day
dentist appointment one day I've got a
hair appointment one day that's all
knocking out so much time but my hair
really needs to be done it's Dana yet
ridiculously gross and oily looking
there's the thing with my hair color
like if I don't get my roots done it
just starts looking oily even though
like my his clean it just looks really
because of this color so I've got all
those other little things and of course
I've got a pack I kind of need to go to
Katmandu and just make sure that there's
nothing outside knee because it's very
freezing over in Italy at the moment I'm
panicking because Italy just had crisis
well I'm like hopefully nothing happens
while we were there while we are there
hopefully nothing happens again anyway
because earthquakes are just horrible no
matter who you are no matter where you
live it's just horrible so yeah um I'm
meant to be working that's where I was
going with this conversation because
there's no way I can pre film you guys
I've already stood in a video and I
stood on Twitter sorry about my like
really bad peeling by the way I didn't
even get that something but then I just
peeled really badly anyway I'm off topic
there's no way I can film enough so I
think I'm gonna have to upload once or
twice a week while I'm gone because I
can't physically eat it and film enough
for while I'm gone I don't have enough
time just because of those other trips
I've been on and I've been sick and my
family members been away and hospital
and everything and everything's just
contributed to this so I'm really sorry
I promise you I'm like saying it
emotionally I promise you guys I've
tried my best
I've tried so freaking hard but for once
I think this is the first time ever I
don't think I'm going to be uploading
three times a week while I'm gone
because I can't and like if I try to and
if I stay up all night filming everyday
and everything I'm not going to get
better for my other trip I'm just going
to stay sick I'm not going to be happy
and I'm going to be stressed and it's
just not going to be a good time so I
need to just find some balance here I
hope you guys could understand in the
videos I am doing I'm putting a lot of
effort into um so hopefully you know
quality more than quantity oh my oh
to me so long so I edited the
description for this unboxing and then
these two here is here period words
chose me to make a tutorial and another
mega tutorial day tonight and five least
five Eevee over easy steps
PK I mean so long it took me like all
day although I did finish editing these
two I had to do the voiceovers this
morning
but it's 3:12 p.m. haven't eaten
anything all day apart from my green
juices my breakfast and ever hungry
Hamish is home so we're going to go pop
into town now it's like 5:00 or
something I'm hoping that cotton on will
still be over in es5
I'm hoping that cotton on us to be open
because I want to just check their shoes
and I want to check and get some like
new underwear and stuff because I need
to get some new ones so I might as well
just get them before Italy and
everything so that's what we're going to
do now I've gotten so much say my eyes
are like going cross-eyed
it's raining the boys gone No
good man
Thanks we're going to go to eat after
dinner tonight wasn't been here at ages
a or for us we haven't been here for
like I don't know maybe a month we used
to come like every single weekend did
you guys see my new nails so in a focus
doing this and you're not even that
hungry but yeah
just in case so we just made the beer
then this is all hype oh now hey Louie
just enough fuel and now if y'all
sphynx in Twitter all night I should've
been working or something bed yep I'm
doing a face mask at the moment it is
this one here evil Oh purifying mask I
really like it if he's quite a lot of it
is getting hard to squeeze it out I'm
squeezing it and it's gloomy in the eye
mask constraints so good lately actually
and it's um right under my lip I get
this with black heads opens from
lipstick and stuff right along here it's
weird
good theater it's like all in sync all
over my hands in my I don't ask how that
bitch
remember the Ken doll my candle was on
the bed last night I fell asleep with it
I fell asleep reading the news the
earthquake matter know where it is maybe
it fell button beard like town man weird
it was under the bed weird
