good morning everyone it is Saturday
today and we're actually on our way
means a mission rolled out way to New
Plymouth to go see Sully I haven't seen
her in so long like I was made to see
her a couple of times but the first time
I think was after I got my wisdom teeth
out and I just felt like crap then the
second time my family member was like
really really sick so I'm so excited to
see her because we just haven't see each
other in so long it was a birthday
yesterday so we're just going for
weekend ahima finally finished all of
its all of his exams I have a talk I got
back from Fiji the other day so I've
just been working there I would really
float yet but I thought this weekend
because hopefully we'll do some fun
stuff and also I think I've shown you
this in my blogs before I want to show
you again because they've given me some
like really good discount codes
everything for you guys which I'll link
in the downbar love with food sent me
another deluxe box they've also got a
smaller box which are on a stick and
I'll just double check what looks cool
yeah they've got a tasting box which is
like smaller than this one this one's
got quite a few I'll show you what's
inside tuned and then they also have a
gluten-free one which is the same size
as this and all of the snacks are like
certified celiac safe so if you're
gluten free or you've got a family
member or a friend that has any one of
every gift then yeah it's good for them
too in love with food this little box
here is a monthly subscription service
so they basically send you a box like
this every single month straight to your
door and you can like try out all the
new like foods and snacks and everything
and then if you end up loving something
you can actually go on their website and
buy some more so here's what's in mine
also for every box sold by every
subscription box that you guys buy at
least one meal is donated to a food bank
so it's for such a good cause as well
which is why I love working with this
company I just think it's such a cool
cool cool course so you're doing
something
by treating yourself to some young
snacks so far they've already donated
over a million meals to people in need
so I just think that's so cool
anyways let's have a look in here we've
got some peanut butter crackers PB
things peanut butter crackers kosher
products what else I'm going to eat some
of these soon like try some because
we're at a breakfast
Jubilee Mex spicy wholesome Trail Mix
and echo sonic healthy snack nurse buy
through commute receiver banana bar
banana that sounds so good but I don't
talk ilat son ripe fruit to go please be
so good for like you know lunches or
like not lunches but to put in with your
lunch as a snack throughout the day if
you're going to work or school or
whatever you're doing pier celery
coconut lime green tea and Chia blend of
organic fruits veggies and
micronutrients buy shine I do not think
I like that because I don't like celery
but someone else can try that for me
pretzel crisps by snack factory oh my
gosh look how good that looks
I feel like Sully would love this
Cinnabon popcorn classic cinnamon roll
flavor popcorn
holy crap that sounds sauger chocolate
chip brownie by Morelos back shop hmm
sorry I'm still so sick my voice is like
cracking some little chocolate toffee
things are these bye
can't read it and go organic me laughs
another banana bar and cookie thins
pumpkin spice both missus Finster's your
there's also some coupons for other
companies as well in here there's quite
cool I want to try the like right now
okay straight away they smell so good
I'm going to go sell you the other banks
which you can try this so good to try
other stuff to try this I feel like this
is such a waste but I'll finish it later
it's like gooey in the middle it's like
I don't even know where it is really
there's like a uncooked like
their tastes are cooked in gooey tastes
exactly like bananas and chocolate mixed
together like a biscuit like a really
soft biscuit
I think I'll save these ones for hanging
the issue because I don't like peanut
butter but he loves it
where should I try I want to try one
more thing hey they want to try the
brittle chips or I want to try these I
think I'll try these I've never tried
anything pumpkin spice before in my life
it's so another thing here in New
Zealand like it's such a like American
thing compared to here anyway we don't
do pumpkin and sweet stuff we do like
normal pumpkin stuff they smell really
good a little pop
this is like Birkin one pop
thank you
they go click on really taste the
pumpkin but it tastes kind of like
cinnamon when that vehicle something
that's really good at it kind of tastes
like a gin gin that if you live in New
Zealand
tastes like edge engine at that with
more like spices in it but are not
really good so good
Meno Hamish I've never driven this way
we're going towards New Plymouth so this
is really strange for us because we
always drive to Wiley's in Auckland and
stuff but we've never gone this way so
if you think this is something that you
might like to try if you love try new
snacks and healthy snacks organic
natural snacks and everything like that
then as I said look get it on we got doc
anyway as I said in the beginning I will
put a link down below where you can get
it for a discounted rate which would be
perfect for you or like a family member
or a friend if you don't know what to
buy them for Christmas it's like a
really good thing because who doesn't
like food and who doesn't like snakes
the link will get you 25% off your first
deluxe box
so yeah just click the link down below
in the downbar it's not an affiliate
link also if you sign up in November
you'll receive the love with food
special December box which was curated
by Tiffani Thiessen and they do ship to
a bunch of countries worldwide also that
includes like Australia New Zealand
Canada UK siddur etc so check out the
website man Hamish and under two weeks
until we go over to Italy as well I'm so
excited
you excited yep easy I think Cambridge
is a bit tired and so yeah I'm a little
bit stressed because I've got a you know
pre film for a while I'm in Italy and
Amsterdam but I've seen on Twitter and I
think this is exactly what I'm going to
do because there's no like I physically
can't film enough like actually just
can't and I'm second and it's just
screwing me over but I am it just holy
crap
terrible drivers all throat there what a
song understand people that speed up
onto classic names
88 km/h ticky street the
kilometres continue on rocket aqui
street
so what I'm going to do is probably just
upload a couple of times a week images
continue on instead of three times a
week we're going to turn left
shut up lady anyways we're just going to
continue to draft new poets now I'm
excited to go there because I haven't
been there since I was like a child I
don't remember anything about it so I'm
excited I'm excited see sullen excited
to see their house everything would be
so fun so I'll talk to you guys later
first le chocolate because she's the
biggest chocoholic I know and some what
did i buy and mow it no ex Mets alleys
now we just went to me world got hipster
groceries catelli's gonna do some
platters I just wiped off all my makeup
and I'm redoing it because I don't know
if you could tell before but it was like
full-on peeling off like my forehead was
peeling my nose was peeling you said a
chip I feel like it's all on my ticket
so I just like scrubbed it right it's
not focusing on me as it I just scrubbed
it my forehead and chin everything in
those feels a lot better now okay cute
Sally's little room s what's not really
little hmm here's my makeup now which
lashes am I wearing again the brave I'm
wearing the brave lashes bike so beauty
I just did simple makeup because I
couldn't be bolded just like full of
skin and nude lips and crease I don't
know I know you drew my hand now Sam's
gonna borrow Sally's nerves so
straighten my hair and then I'm wearing
this Ruby place so I got a couple years
ago for um wait was it a couple years
ago a year ago maybe a year ago we're
just talking myself sorry but indeed
Fashion Week by Ruby and it's just like
the Python print
and I'm going to wear like new shoes new
bag these ones these ones from ruby
shoes which are the most comfortable
shoes ever which you have buy anymore
which is a bummer and I think I chose
this one clutch with the tehsils ah here
we go
Sally's making one show me a face your
face is my cute screensaver
wake up got the new iPhone by the way oh
you know how I feel about it but it's
good it's got so many so much gigs wait
oh really
is that what it's called the memory
space I mean yes yeah so many own
anything
I feel like it's supposed to be for
depth and it's like annoying me that you
put cheese in there I like like that
like if that is for guacamole
do you have more dude this is pretty
thank you it's um mom got me it's nice
she'll watch this and be stoked does she
watch my box intense probably you know
everything hastily no my snare should I
raise my tweet hey mum my mum so say I
got these two in kindness really we did
so really today's vlog really butcher in
a not you beautiful okay oh my ring
hazel look how big those without you
guys are so mean to me trying really
hard to be domestic this is sally's kept
this is Mavis wait is it maybe did you
call it that to take the piss yeah I
know I know just a joke we didn't think
we'd actually keep it oh yeah she got
abandoned here's a life pro tip if you
guys moved out of your house you should
take your pet with you rather than just
leaving this step so mean but now you
were loved she's like don't touch me
this doesn't make you a real-life short
back
this Sally's dead yeah we paid first
let's try and get the whole feels like
it it's really changed your primitive
lemon is really pretty
