hey everyone so men Ainslie are in Fiji
I really bear cold I'm employed in a few
days but after I go back from Bali and
like hit man I went to the doctor and
going into BIOS because it was like
turning into a chest a sinus infection
things so hmm but say like we arrived
last night state of an eye on the
mainland and today we head to mother
island for the partying so I'm just
going to vlog everything I don't know
how long this vlog will be because I'm
not going to vlog like every single day
because it's going to be very repetitive
but I'll show you around and show you
where we're staying and show you what
it's like the driver who drops the drone
and the water he's is driver to try to
find entry
Oh
you
oh there it is
I thought they meant Erwin in the water
I feel like he's gonna jump in the water
get it
don't get the flight there's no gonna be
out of ketchup
you got all my song
hey everyone so today is Monday we've
been in feet of my camera we've been in
Fiji for a couple of days I just washed
my hair if you could not tell we've been
to breakfast I forgot to vlog it so I'm
going to show you tomorrow
what breakfast is like but today we're
just going to chill a lot of the people
here are doing like parties and stuff
but honestly means we're just doing our
own thing and just really chilling out
and then sometimes you kind of mission
mingle with people at the pool but we're
not doing anything and tits today I
don't think we might just don't thing at
some stage or something like that gots
boring yeah it's just meaning it's sort
of like saying like for some reason this
trip is just seen so relaxing my even
more relaxing the ballet
I guess just because we're literally
doing that thing like we've just been
reading and slightly ahead faked an on
and it's like completely like peeled off
like can you guys see it on my arms I
really want to go swim the ocean this is
the view from our room I feel like I'm
getting better now as well like I don't
feel as sick today it's definitely the
best I've felt this whole time
look how beautiful it's a bummer there
hasn't really been much Sun here and it
doesn't look like there will be it's
very cloudy all this week it's like
thunderstorms and stuff but it's still
so warm and relaxing so I don't mind too
much but don't think I'll be getting
much of a tan look how beautiful the
water so it's so clear like you can see
all of the coral underneath there's like
couple islands over there palm trees so
cool so this is our room I'm just like
got a couch single bed double bed and a
bathroom it's a really nice room and
it's just yeah the waterfront one the
atmosphere has like really fun as well
lots of people partying drinking and
really really good music so thanks to
the team at gorge film and blue sky Fiji
for inviting me here it's frigging nice
love it I'll show you the pool and stuff
later as well I've kind of just been
snapchatting and forgetting to vlog a
bit of add bloggers yeah there's not
that much to show you in terms of life
stuff we're doing because we are just
sleeping and reading we have that little
trendy where the water shoes we're going
to go for a walk over to the rocks and
see if we can find stuff oh we need our
you
a about it my Geass yeah where do
we put it when we order we actually link
in the water now
well I don't know because I think we
have to go light in the shallow water to
get to the rocks
I think if we go likes women we'll put
it out okay
this waters so beautiful it's like
Claire
the sin is so good
see how soft it is Mbali there was like
a beautiful beach from Gili Island but
it was like shells everywhere like real
sharp like coral and stuff
oh my god I'm sinking let's not I just
go over there to people that looks like
fun I know okay
look like this is like dates and a deep
it is
oh my god oh god s is falling rocks do
not go beyond this point rocks make for
causing death
so we tried to go and hire snorkeling
gear but though I add a snorkel so we
thought we'd just go back tomorrow
morning real early and like try to get
them before we run out the current with
a situation it's like bucketing rain
it's kind of coming down a little bit
solar storm but we're just gonna go have
a swim in the pool now since it's
raining
check out that sunburn we're going to
breakfast now so I'll show you what I
get I want banana bread open every step
so gear oh this is not so cute I'm
having banana bread I tried to eat that
it was really really not the best so
maybe no think this yesterday was so
good I just got like everything they've
got like rice and their normal breakfast
stuff continental stuff eggs toast just
everything yes
