he's cutting the grass was a good
morning here's my breakfast today some
bagels and cream cheese and I had to
have three because I dropped half of one
on the ground but I didn't just want one
half so now I've got one and a half
tomato onion cream cheese and today we
are going to where we going Gilly and
silly Island so I'm going to show you
our room when we get there okay that's
going to be amazing I'm really excited
to be it's like more of like a beach
atmosphere and yeah I'm really excited
about it so I'll show you that when we
get there and we're going across on a
boat so I'll vlog that to someone with
us at the hotel because you didn't
because this is Nora Tanya Renee and
enter thank you this hotels been really
nice what they're doing maintenance ah I
do like all the greenery like when it
comes to these like resorts and stuff
often it's so beachy like the size so
much greenery it's so nice I know that
Paul Wow ah I want to jump in there
right now but we've got a pack because
our boats coming so import our transfer
to the boat is coming soon the boat is
not driving to us Dedrick
goodbye hotel room you were very good to
us Rani's to the free and paul even ah
bye
it's like my bags from the body shop
hola happy hour
so we just had to drag on the eggs
across scruple my suitcase wheels they
absolutely ruined this is not ideal
stuff everywhere they were trying to
stop me from living my suitcase on but
how am i drowning
going to our room now yes thank you so
kind of a cool be such cute local blow
cottage a secure oh gods in Greenburgh
so we just arrived at la pirate because
yet there you go and our room is so cool
it's true story so man pagan are
upstairs at the moment this is our room
just one bed
it's okay gonna have to hope that I
don't spoon her in my sleep because I've
done that to one of my friends before
I'm really awkward one of our bathrooms
the other one downstairs is out doors I
have to show you guys it but look how
cool this is this would be like an
awesome beach house doors pagan
downstairs as well it's with Stacey's
appointment
I just had to stop and take a photo of
this might negative sir
good morning today it's like Thursday I
don't even know her I just woke up like
an hour ago I'm pink because it's really
humid we're going to go down to
breakfast first a little pirates so I've
been been vlogging loads I've just been
really you know as you would expect
enjoying my little relay station holiday
it's been so amazing I've been doing a
few snapchats a few Instagram photos so
go check out my Instagram if you even
look today yeah hopefully you guys still
enjoy this vlog I'm just obsessed with
this place we're going down for
breakfast soon and then we're going it's
not playing with Turtles isn't this just
like a friggin you know life dream it's
just amazing I saw that you can swim
with manta rays here and now I'm really
really really upset I didn't even know
and I really want to do it especially
after watching that documentary the
other day what did I watch that racing
extinction or whatever it's called I
just such beautiful animals and I'm like
but anyway maybe I'll see some fin us
I'm going to take my little GoPro with
my floaty handle and try to vlog some
footage for you but I'm having issues
with this camera it keeps corrupting my
footage I don't know what it is it's
like a bye film for over 20 seconds it's
like that corrupted I'm like stop it
I'll see what I can do a pagans got her
GoPro as well so I can always just steal
her footage look at this place you can
hear like the birds or my cameras
falling out the humidity like fogs up my
camera yeah we are going at stopping now
hopefully I can get some good footage
otherwise as I said I'm mr. Peyton
don't
you
we just got back I have new wrinkles on
my face I get wrinkles so quickly it was
really fun
I did get stung by about four jellyfish
one of my armpit but sigh and like my
wrist area they weren't like super
painful jellyfish dollar or they don't
really hurt that much but
kind of dude that's just from carrying
my heavy bag all the way down the road
we just came there just now and I just
had a quick shower now we're going to
sunbathe oh yeah and I only saw one
turtle I see a lots but there were too
many jellyfish you're like guarding this
one area so we couldn't swim that way
because people keep getting stung Stacy
got stolen I look kind of funny it's
like free lip injections been a good day
so far
that was definitely a really good
workout as well his lunch is just
pumpkin salad by the pool reading a book
as well just shooting the how much at
the moment
hey kick it okay that's nice
module go give it a go
Oh smooth
 your Rita pizza spring rolls
chips migrating pizza I don't know what
it is what is that I knew it
okay try and natural yeah I love you
hey guys worth lighting if I thought we
just got to our little
hold it it's not a advice Isabella
Larissa water
whining so that anyway we put a bit like
here I need you
you choose
me
and
everyone so today is our last proper day
here in barley tomorrow we're going to
the airport we're just flying home so
this would probably be like the end of
my vlog today and I can't really use
this camera for a while
well I can't like use it long I'm just
going to show you the valley and then
that's pretty much going to be the end
of this vlog because basically this
morning I had a fall and I tripped down
a whole bunch of stairs and sprained my
ankle and it's all swollen and sore and
stuff and I broke my camera because my
bag and stuff went flying and oh
whatever
I'm just gonna like spend the rest of
the day at the Villa resting up and like
I don't know maybe I'll have a swim in
the pool or something sorry I kind of
think I'm just so frazzled um so yeah
I've had one camera stolen one camera
broken so that sucks I tried to film on
my GoPro but I keep saying yes dear
it's like corrupting all my footage so
it's just a little bit of a disaster but
such is life anyway I thought just to
finish this vlog yeah I'll show you this
fellow so we're staying where we staying
I've forgotten I've already filmed all
this Opa Opa villas or something I will
try to find like a little piece of paper
to show you the name in case you're
interested in coming here one day but
anyway I show you the room and
everything look at my ankle
a swollen there and there way yeah there
and then my ankle is actually here and
that's all swollen too so that's fun a
little scratch to my palms of my hands
were all sort before but I'm such an
idiot I don't know how I managed to fall
down stairs anyways so we're now room at
the moment I'll show you that next but
you basically walk in from that door
over there I haven't even had a proper
look yet we've got some lounge chairs
and like a huge pool here look how
amazing it looks comment to light down
here later the end stations are in that
room this is our room which I'll show
you in a second over here we have like a
little lounge area with a TV and chairs
and a table and some plants it's so
beautiful just for relaxing and then
over there's like the kitchen area I
just love how it's all like outdoors
it's so lovely I'm like hobbling right
now wiggle Meg got some water here we go
Elite League League in I think it's
proud I don't know if that's a
pronounced a but I'd be a philosopher
it's so cute I love it the bathrooms
like my favorite part actually running a
bath at the moment because I just found
some
it's insults and I was like oh that
might help my ankle a little bit because
it's so friggin sore right now like
can't even walk straight I'm just happy
I didn't break it because it was a bit
of a nasty fall and my whole suitcase
kind of fell on me as well which was not
lightweight so here's our room is pagan
TV I don't think we've watched TV once
this entire trip we don't even ever
turned one on huge beard and like mozzie
net and stuff and then um oh I can't
even freaking think right now you guys
this bathroom is amazing though this is
by far the best bathroom we've hit this
whole trip I love it
huge mirror Marie my bath and then a
shower in the back and it's outdoors
like how cool is that so regardless I
hope you guys enjoyed my Bali blogs I'm
back home from tomorrow
wolfram Tuesday actually for like three
or four days and I'll just be working
and then I'm off to Fiji so I'm not sure
if I'll vlog in between I'll probably
just vlog when I go to Fiji but yeah
I'll talk to you guys a mini slug she's
gonna be so excited we just had fun
camera yeah I do have goes on by the way
it's like a yep
