it's like 3 a.m. morning everyone we are
getting ready to go to the airport to go
to Bali
I know one for my home just yet I'm
asleep
I'm just makeup free right now because I
actually just comfortable that's not it
no I don't want to do this rush to Bali
it's 6:00 a.m. so it's currently like 3
something cookie it's the a powful for
something and yeah it's the story about
lives right now yeah he can't see us
it's like pitch black outside what you
cannot see is all about luggage touching
the roof behind us it was speech ever
lightly yeah they're like two bags just
the cameras we're waiting in line for
customs to open now
do you know how to blow chase I just
played chicken
I got some of these because I feel like
they work I've had them a few times
when Dow in Melbourne I'm like sitting
like this because the Lighting's really
good from him avocado toast ships living
life to the fullest we're on our plane
to Bali next in like an hour which is
like six hours so stocking up on food
so we just got to our gate and
apparently we're supposed to come here
like two hours ago because we're to
transfer like Melbourne to Bali from
Christchurch and they were like we were
about to offload you we called your name
like five times and we were like we
didn't hear it words and you didn't try
to call it but it's okay we got here
well I don't worry about it it's fine
here's your boarding passes we were like
okay that was intense but we're waiting
here now to board the play then we get
two barley and it's gonna be like one
aim I mean one p.m. and barley when we
arrived which is like 6 p.m.
New Zealand time or something like that
anyway we should be sitting where over
there but we're done there
we have arrived and I feel like it's
really didn't hear don't do so we make
our way to simin yet because there yeah
yeah so we're going to go through
customs yet probably shouldn't be
vlogging here
you choose gone through yep courtyard
Marion okay yeah
you
four wives children would you do great
how many wife three children four wives
do they all know that they exist
well I'm Anna Morgan
thank you and you put on your little
doggie
do you have walk here we are man pagan a
bunking in this room caught ya Mariette
ballast steaming yacht resort they gave
us cute little biscuit hey bull and
room/dining I'm such a sucker for like
room service so this is our room it is
pull side so you will cut here and right
by the pool and then here's the bathroom
she'll go right up if you want I look at
this it's like the equivalent of 10 km
or something in New Zealand I'm getting
tired but most of all I am starving I
didn't eat on the plane I just had like
green waves so I'm really hungry we're
gonna go explore try to find some food
try to find some bottled water to have
in our rooms
and yeah I just feel out of it right now
the pool was awesome I'll show you it
tomorrow maybe because my camera was
dead before but it's fully charged now I
even put on makeup like I'm just like a
millionaire this way it's our new light
a few hundred dollars worth $100,000
forgot to vlog but I got lasagna is like
pumpkin and spinach and stuff and salad
good morning we are going to go lay out
by the pool it's such a nice day and the
Sun is out today which is good so warm
I'm in heaven
so we had breakfast and now we're going
to Potato Head which is like a beach
area gonna hire a what is that like a
beard a beard David it's got the V cream
on my skin tone red because are so
freakin hot here hit the class four
bombs
this makes you feel safe
little bits and there's like an amazing
pool just there
so see okay time Shannon looks so good
this is like painful a hole or something
I hurt me but but it's really good this
guy though this funda he hurt
like swimming
so it's like 3 p.m. or something I don't
even know I'm just guessing but we're
just looking out I'm not flying our boat
for tomorrow we've gotta go on a boat to
another area of barley for any like
hotel resort thing and then we're going
to go look around the markets in town
I'm really tired
haha
ah puppy
which one the book cold-pressed juice
with water in it so I think I showed you
that drink but it's like cold Chris
orange spinach I can't even remember
what else and vodka and this is 10 out
of 10 like this is amazing so refreshing
Hagen's got a h2o and sprite I almost
forgot to blog the food again fo toast
bread garlic bread fries chicken tacos I
think and what is this
chairman he can make it
whatever that's rolling that's good
don't know it was so good you guys
should definitely check that out if
you're ever in Bali now we're going
through the sim yet village shopping
mall gonna go have a look around I'm so
tired and headachy about just trying to
fight the jet lag
Thanks this place is like dude I could
do one other person in here
so out of it it's like ghost town
