good morning Hamish made me breakfast
and a cup of tea
oh no it's foggy good morning this is
like the perfect avocado in the perfect
year so a probably good morning to you
guys I'm just about to do my makeup in
here it is Saturday I've got my tea and
my you you ask there's a YouTube YouTube
Cup get it together Shannon I feel like
I didn't grab my teeth last hour
obviously I'm very inflamed still but I
feel like last night like the reason I
say that it's like I woke up this
morning and like I mean it's still love
it so but nothing can beat either
morning so maybe I had like a good sleep
last night or some a dinner but I'm so
happy my teeth don't hurt this morning
as much well so yeah today is Chris's
birthday I don't think it's actually as
but they should I think it's only
Tuesday but we're celebrating today so I
think we're gonna go to golf and then do
something at his place tonight
I think Warren's got like a secret
little party dinner thing happening
tonight so should be really good and I
think she's cooking Mexican or something
um and this morning I just felt like
getting pretty and I need to go to the
warehouse and get a couple of supplies
for my Halloween tutorial and yeah
that's pretty much it today so I thought
I'd vlog cuz I'm logged on the weekend
in a while so yeah I'm feeling it really
happy today I went in so my family man
beasted afternoon and the physio unit
yeah basically my family member lost the
use of her legs through like a little
spinal stroke thing that happened this
way she was rushed down to Wellington
that time so it's like a little bit of
twitching movement so down in physio to
try and get her limbs working a little
bit bitter obviously things are not
going to be the same but we're very
optimistic in like just being very
positive about it all and really happy
that she's finally out of the hospital
like she's still in hospital but she's
out of like the ward that she was in
before when she was super super sick
like she's getting bitter you know and
she just has so much more color in life
and oh it's just so it may think so
thank you to everybody out there that
it's just been keeping us and your
thoughts and prayers and everything like
I really appreciate it I'm a big
believer in the power of positivity and
you guys like thank you
it's just so good to say so hopefully
things just keep improving and improving
and improving like I mean after what
must be my almost three months in
hospital like it's just the best okay
actually work now it's almost ten weeks
ago which is crazy um so yeah I'm just
so happy and thankful
Hamish his game and he keeps ended up
facing like the back of the room with
his like V ha like I walked up before it
he was facing there you've probably like
calibrated it in the wrong area almost a
little bit no other way I look anyways
here's my makeup of the day did lots of
highlighter using a secret highlighter
my lips is an OCC looked hot what color
is an amazing no no no that's the hot
pink
Finn Finn I've got the flower child hath
lectures on on the outer half see how
it's like real sick and then roller lash
by benefit and then although I forgot to
fix this
I'd to wipe off the mascara there my
foundation is born this way back to
first and then I'm wearing the Charlotte
Tilbury contour color and then chichi
brow pencil and bra fiber because I've
been using like benefit everything
lately so I thought I'd use that me
different I love my chichi what's
allowed in here
Shannon's playing this game called
kitchen it's meant to be like it's like
a horror game that's coming out it's a
demo of a horror game that's coming out
there's gonna be spoilers on this so if
you guys want to see this for yourself
and see what it's like don't watch us
play this yeah I've seen it it's the
kind of thing you can play one it does
look good okay click start game with the
control kicks you've got this in your
way oh yeah we might you're for now I
want to look at this dirt with these
kids and it just look that's part of the
game it's actually where's your hands
gone
look penny early look at her right look
back at her you mr. gone I left your
hands up your hands keep disappearing
cuz you're out of the camera range
I wish they that yeah but I mean you put
them down I should have read just about
what's going on and now could take them
and cut their distance look I'm kind of
look behind you did anything this
my foot quite cold I don't break it
just push that thank you for the DVDs
Sony already seen this I think was so
good I loved it haven't seen this yet
ghostbusters we've seen Alice Through
the Looking Glass a Hemingway Oh what
one do we say oh I've seen the fish okay
there we go
they mix things have to watch the sick
and wounded no we're going to town I
love the color first time I come
past the wall at the White House I'm
like I want it look how big it is and
it's so pretty
oh they're so cool I'm buying stuff for
Fiji toothbrushes baby wipes and
sunscreen what life's always a joke
books you know the ones you look at for
ages
oh yeah and that turns into thank you
probably and some stuff for my mermaid
tutorial and travel containers
so busy today hey Mufasa wait like could
barely get a pack
these are reserved by the way we're at
JB Hi five and we're getting another
virtual reality game because we only
hope the demo just at the moment we
don't actually have like full games so
we're finding one to play so we decided
to quickly grab some lunch before we go
home and then we're gonna go sort out
Chris for a while because Lauren wants
to get them out of the house so she can
make dinner and stuff thank you sushi
Erica I like that it's too
I always have to get h2 wasabi
so this is the one we put for it rigs
it's like robots and stuff which sounds
so cool to some of you but should be
good how much that it's really fun
because he played the demo because I
didn't really have that many games out
yet framing this yay got this too in the
warehouse like it $15 we also got a rug
I love the way this looks it's like a
giant knitted rug and there's from the
warehouse to I think we paid about a
hundred feet or something so not bad for
a rug here it is hey dude you know
wrangle the pillow so pretty now Louie
and Zeus destroy them as soon as I make
them nice they destroyed again we're now
at the Country Club what's this one got
again Orlando
- oh I thought you said they made me
Hamish make me do like a hideout I'm
worried about so I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to play golf today
I haven't wet down my arms in a very
long time so they're very sit down hey
are you Chris just get wait you're
banned from the lounge
check your surrounding
no one goes excuse me yeah show me
okay you got there you and John Laurie
me
yum yum oh geez bro Andre my nose thank
Rhea wait Gaz de cemento can be anyone
he's alright
allergic to cats
