hey everyone it is Friday night and I
thought I would vlog both a sliding
though this is the worst flight ever
anyway Hamish got a virtual reality
today so we are going to play with it
right now and the vlog daughter has been
doing work and stuff like that so I
don't know he whipped it out and he's
like guess what arrived so I thought I
should probably start a little bit of a
vlog and this vlog may not be long but
it's gonna be exciting learn I don't
really know if it's gonna be funny but
hopefully this is Hamish is Thrustmaster
I've got to show them brass master this
is like a steering wheel so you can do
the virtual reality and the car game at
one so it feels like you're driving the
car steering whoo how excited are you
Hamish yeah oh whatever
there's the pedals it's nice and shiny
Easy's hey you excited Hamish sitting up
for an Instagram this is the via oh my
god that looks intense
do you remember when we were like
probably ten and they'll talk about
stuff like this and you're like whatever
like they don't know haven√≠t like the
future I remember I was a freshman Paco
right yeah the guy's gonna be the way in
the future and they like was it project
morpheus got bought out by Google yes
Facebook whatever and then there was the
two competing VR companies and now it's
actually out it's so weird I thought it
would always just be attacks not like
old school bit this is not slit eyes it
was like when they brought out Google
glasses I was like oh my god this is
crazy
I've got all the tools out this is
Benteen yeah are you pissed off that you
actually have to sit it up and you can't
just like Christa's onto it I still hate
it as a kid when you're like ready to
play a game and then you'd like here
should like updated or something you'd
sit there and be like come home
this is VR this is intense look at this
thing
anyway she's really excited if you can't
tell not oh what'd you get Oh
demo day one day you start god right
it's getting so much yes Oh record you
don't look excited enough famish yeah
press if I get real focus yeah yeah it's
like a mini Playstation did I give
you enough cables with this thing
alright we're assembling it we lean
closer nails done here we go looks
pretty intense I is this light your
ten-year-old selfs dream in life yeah is
that gonna be able to yeah that's the
basic you know so like it looks very
fragile eyes very sleek looking yeah a
lot
oh if you did I suppose it's speed up
yeah pretty good barely it's about 3d
surround sound so when you like move
that way Seventeen's and that's what
these are for give me the honest
so let your face fits on the frame okay
Porsha okay okay put on the headphones I
feel okay but you gotta pull the hits it
out what do you mean
so click the button and then rotate it I
am breaking sure bro yeah Big O six like
it's just a slide okay oh this just to
put it on yeah so telling you how to put
it on literally step-by-step in old
person what only hits it so you extend
it yeah it's quite stretchy isn't it
does that feel clean what so how do you
do it does it mean to be it was probably
just put it on and then let go I'll just
stick to it
yeah there's your eyes in the right yeah
and then I'm gonna go push that and it's
gonna come up is enough it's big Rick
are you saying the screen at the moment
you can see the screen this way would
you all night oh what's that John the
controller it's weird for asking twice
inside a minute
next to right there's ice on top can I
just try and see if that time is up it
does it's the control of my thought I
thought it was telling me where the
controller is no it's not this is me oh
oh I'm say my control the control is
appearing on the TV screens now what do
I do
Oh
 I don't know what a nation have you
played this game before
this one you have to let look around the
block that's real random you got to try
and put it through that hole and rotate
the block so you look around the I love
it
getting overconfident this game is so
cold what's this game called a mesh
hypercube it's really cool super hyper
you know if this games so good on there
like it literally looks 3d from the
inside y-you can look underneath it do I
look trendy learn it doesn't look
terrible wait till you see the
controller is so trippy no you haven't
seen this game yeah I'm watching it no
you need to see it and there should be
our that's so bright just a light yeah
it looks so trippy a look yeah they want
this go again device Gary yeah
it's the only thing that could make it
more real if you could actually move
your whole body or the day you need like
a whole suit on I don't know if this
one's again it looks pretty cool and
they she feels like you are in this
thing going down like it feels like good
what's the one where you walk around and
on the high height did that one is this
game where you go down the hill on one
of those people this might be a mentor a
chance so you learn that's how you meet
the boat right to say soon as you pass
Oh the prankster quite good oh they put
sleeping faces ordered is it you know I
can make these pillows not slur
