hey everyone so today I am doing a Vleck
tutorial I can't remember if that's how
you pronounce or not anyway it's off the
quadric this for Halloween so here I am
but typing out a lot anyway this
character is off the quadrant or loved
the movie such a good movie I really
recommend it
hey guys so it is almost lunchtime I've
just been not working and you know doing
all the normal morning routine stuff
today I've slide start logging now I've
got so much mail to open later so I'm
definitely going to do that with you
guys and then the rest of the day is
literally going to be spent
editing I've actually told my family
member I'm going to like see you
tomorrow
she was doing so freaking well um
yesterday yeah yesterday it was amazing
to see like the best I have seen her
that's entire time I'm really really
stoked so hopefully we're on the way up
you know it'll be really good if they
can get out of hospital soon into like
physio and like the star unit and stuff
like that we saw so nice so fingers
crossed like that was just a huge relief
so I'm gonna see them tomorrow gave her
the what's it called all the baking I
did she was stopped so stout I don't
know if she's trying to get so hopefully
it tastes good but she was just so happy
so that was totally worth it also I
really need to clean my room but I don't
know if I'm gonna get any time to do it
today this is that chop I got the other
day if you watched my snapchat I think
what's wrong like princess Polly or
something I love it anyways oh my gosh
yesterday I basically had the hugest
like I don't even know what it was it
was like I just accidentally hit stop
recording anyways I don't know what it
was but I basically felt like a head a
mental breakdown last night so my family
were coming over for dinner and I just
got so unreasonably angry at Hamish like
not like ridiculously angry but just
like really like if tall fat stuff there
wasn't even like he wasn't even trying
to do on purpose or anything you know
she's getting real agitated probably a
bit of word and then I just like started
bawling my eyes out I went into my room
and started like hyperventilating I
couldn't breathe properly I was so like
panicky and Mike I think it was just
like all of the stress just like came
out and Hamish was like holy
and why don't talk to me about these
things so this doesn't happen on my
like I've just got so much on my mind
and like so today I was like I need to
just stay home and I need to just get
some work done like my family members
feeling a little bit better so I need to
just you know work on some of my stuff
to make myself feel a little bit less
stressed I know that it sounds like my
priorities aren't straight but my family
member does understand like I know that
sounds really weird no they said beer so
today I'm just spinning the day editing
and just getting some stuff ready so
that when it comes to me going over to
barley and like a week and a half I can
actually for the most part just blob out
and just zone out and relax and not do
too much work I'm definitely gonna do a
bit so I might do some vlogs and
Instagram and stuff like that you know
but so that I'm not stressed about like
not enough videos going up or like
whatever and I want to try and get
enough videos like up while I'm gone so
that's my goal today is just to go few
videos edited so tomorrow which is
Friday I can just you know see what I'm
missing fill in some more hello intros
like film a couple more and then next
week again I can sit down and eat it and
figure out exactly what I'm doing on top
of like obviously my family member being
in hospital and me pre recording for why
I'm gone to Bali and in three days later
to Fiji and then less than a month later
over to Italy and Amsterdam for three
weeks oh my god mmm on top of that I'm
mostly doing a lot of stuff with XO PD
at the moment which is going to become
quite obvious two days soon yay on top
of we're trying to find a bigger
warehouse and like we were like to
release do we buy and we've been looking
a lot of properties you know while I
haven't been vlogging and that's been a
little bit crazy a lot to think about
and you know a lot of big decisions to
be made and then what else have I been
doing I've got another secret project
two things like one things not so much a
secret project but a deal I'm working on
with a really huge company that I'm
hoping will pull through that you guys
have actually been asking for I don't
office to a big of a hint I don't know
and then working on a collab with a
really exciting company which you guys
are going to die when you see it it's
not what you would expect I think and
not the secret highlighter it's not
secret lipsticks or anything that is
something different so there's just so
much going on in my life and like I'm so
incredibly grateful and so like I can't
even describe how excited I am like I am
just so happy that you know my hard work
over the last few years is paying off
big-time and I'm cheating so many of my
dreams and goals like you guys anything
can happen you guys watching this like
if you think oh my god Shannon like
she's so lucky your life is so cool like
blah blah blah any of you guys can
achieve what I have achieved like you
guys need to just believe in yourselves
and chase your dreams because it's
exactly what I did and it's paying off
you know it takes a lot of hard work and
dedication and sacrifice is here and
there but honestly like just go for
whatever you want to do you know whether
it's usually whether it's something
completely different as exciting and
amazing and so exciting as it is it's
just been a lot to deal with at once
hence me having like literally having to
cut down my blogs because I would not be
able to take it like I would literally
have a thorn break down like the last
night times 100 I reckon late last night
was pretty bad but you know luckily it
was over quickly Hamish was lovely and
we got some food my family came over and
made it really good night that's um a
mental Health's like jeez it's been
rough enough like I guess if my family
member wasn't in hospital I would be
dealing with a lot better but just it's
horrible you I'm sure most of you guys
know what it's like to have a really
close person to you in hospital and it's
just horrible
it's just be I don't know if you
guys have noticed I've been trying to
put up like you know two vlogs or equal
so I'm training like two or three and
built my way up a little bit but I don't
think I'm ever going to get back to
doing it daily vlogs permanently again
because I just have too much on my plate
and YouTube is something I never want to
give up no matter what else I'm doing
well I mean I can't see any of it
because you know when I'm older when I
have kids and stuff who knows maybe I'll
stop doing YouTube videos but I don't
know that at this stage I'm just saying
I like the foreseeable future I don't
want to stop doing YouTube videos and I
know like a lot of people and I'm not
hitting on them because I can totally
see why they do it and I'm happy for
anyone that has success through too but
I can see why a lot of people
you know get all these like other side
projects on the way and they get like
brand deals and they get like all these
amazing opportunities I can see why they
completely just leave YouTube in the
back burner but for me I don't want to
stop doing YouTube like I love YouTube
like YouTube is what makes me happy
making videos literally cheers me up you
guys have seen me like when I am down I
film videos like I put on makeup it's
like my thing
and I love my youtube channel I love the
community I love my viewers I love
chatting to them on Twitter like
Channing to you guys on Twitter and
everything and I love doing these vlogs
so you know if I was trying to daily
vlog and everything I wouldn't be able
to pursue these other opportunities and
like it's just a bit of time management
you know and I don't want to really cut
down my main channel views but I have
thought about it occasionally like just
doing till week instead of three but
then when I think about it I'm like I
don't want to do that but I don't know I
guess the further along I get I need to
just re-evaluate what I'm doing and try
to decide where my attention needs to go
you know like taking away the whole 2:00
p.m. Monday Wednesday Friday was really
good I still upload every Monday
Wednesday Friday on my main channel but
you know not a certain time so it's
really good you know if I have a
priority I can push that video back so
later in the day and it's not a big deal
I still get the video up but it just
means that I'm not so stressed like
trying to make deadlines and stuff
hopefully you guys don't mind me venting
stare camera like this is like I said it
so many times but it's so like
therapeutic to like put my words into
the camera and then listen to myself
once again when I'm editing it you know
and it being like yeah that's right
Shannon you know it's like really like
good for me to vent and take it in over
and over again every time I watch it
back I don't know yeah sadly you guys
know where my head's at my mental health
is not amazing lately like I'm not
saying I have any kind of mental health
problem I'm just saying I'm stressed and
I'm letting silly things you know get on
my mind when they shouldn't be so yeah
um hopefully by the end of the year most
of these intense tasks I'm talking about
that a secretive will be on the way by
the way I didn't even address like I've
got pimple cream all over my face
yeah hopefully early next year a lot of
the stuff will be done I'll be able to
just relax and enjoy what I've done and
just enjoy the process and just you know
enjoy the feedback and everything
hopefully the feedback is good but I
will never stop I will always be working
on stuff you guys can expect that from
me oh and the limited edition XO beauty
brushes I've told you about on here they
are on their way like not to New Zealand
they are being made at the moment and I
am like I can't describe how stoked I am
like not just because in my own brushes
but I genuinely think these are some of
the coolest limited edition like
patented brushes I've ever seen in my
life I'm so so excited I still let's
come up on my Twitter and I don't know
if people are trolling they must be like
that is yellow people are going to troll
me in the comments now people like how
have you ever seen yellow it's
definitely red patrolling your at
patrolling
now cooking is some more nuts as well
lunch is served I may add some chia
seeds as well and some balsamic alright
I have edited two videos and a vlog so
I'm going to take a quick break and show
you guys my meal this lighting is really
bad so here's some of the mail we've got
some normal mail and some pear box mail
as always well as I have been lately I'm
not really going to open the letters on
camera because I like to read them in my
own time but I'll open some of the
bigger things so I know some of them are
companies so I'll do some of them but
anyways let's do this all right first of
all came out what's in here came out if
you guys didn't know in New Zealand is
incredible it's like one of our best
stores like there's sounds nuts but I
know in America I'm pretty sure people
say it's like really garbage but over
here it's like really good and really
cheap hi Louie and Zeus we noticed how
cute you guys are on Instagram so I
thought we would send you some of the
latest Halloween costumes from keema and
some other goodies I have to take a
photo oh my god look at the strawberry
little head you're not gonna like that
oh you are gonna be sorry he really
wants it his peg because we bought him a
pig like this but it broke and it
doesn't squeak anymore or point really
what hey you got a new piggie at you got
a new Peggy Lowe is take it off with it
these are Zeus's favorite aren't they
those are your favorite through the
stainless Susan is your favorite if I
get them out now
he's your favorite he's your favorite
chicken well you're so lucky you're so
lucky we're gonna have to do another
donation of your old toys I think
there's too many too many for your own
good don't you
he stopped oh my god I died oh my god I
cannot wait you a human that consumption
only thank you so much came out I'm so
excited to dress you up Lily like you
have no idea you're not gonna be happy
no you're not
they don't really like wearing paws that
often like he doesn't - jerseys
sometimes but outfits they're not a huge
fan of but they make very good photo
opportunities I have bought a lot of
stuff off once it lately so I've no idea
what this one is because it all kind of
comes at different times I've got lots
of sales I've got the link down below if
you haven't visited once it's museum
website this is a bag that I got from
Belle and bloom I think the brand is
look how huge this is it's quite like a
gold strip how cute is there it is so
cute like festivals and stuff I'm so
excited
next up cute minis like mini sitting
sprays flight travel and then sly old a
t-shirt why are they sitting spraying
grapefruit and what is this a small slow
day setting spray
English let's go sit in the shade in
cucumber ever walk these off trade me
for my Halloween tutorial like my uh
gold i'ma try say the mermaid tutorial
the blue ones and white ones more late
it's because mine dried out as I found
when I was trying to film my um demon
look was it yeah my demon look it was so
chunky so I got a new one nice and runny
more gems for a mermaid look and then
all of the lip ammunition I think these
are cool by Jeffrey Stehr here they are
because you guys wanted to do a lip
swatch video so when they came out I
bought every single shade so I can do
swatches for you guys so I'll probably
film that when I get back
from Bali or Fiji something from Mac
this is the Mac Selena collection and
this is an eye shadow in the shade my
baby and then the lipsticks are amor
prohibido I can't pronounce the hood
comma Lafleur that one there's like a
really dark Ridge and then the first one
I said is a newt color so pretty I love
the packaging I'm curious to see what
this is cuz I still have so much protein
so I don't know what this is whoo it's a
different flavor chocolate kind of let's
try it still though their breast cancer
one it's my favorite flavor it tastes
all good it's like coconut vanilla I
think I'm excited to try this I'm and
tried chocolate protein before this is
from Lesage this is in my peer box
there's a couple of like lip glosses I
guess they're really pretty looking so
the pink one is Lady allure and then
that's not a really American and then
the other one is Lady dreamy I already
know what this is because she emailed me
to make sure it arrives okay I checked
my peer box and it was there but I
already posted a picture on my Instagram
my motion XO Instagram to show me a
really really sweet little litter to see
it except this portrait of your
beautiful daughters thanks to occur in
such an entertaining and wonderful video
I am framing this 100% their lives just
like aliens earth look how cute oh my
god honestly you guys if you have a pet
loving friend this is like the perfect
gift to get through if you're wondering
what our website is all the informations
down the bottom so you can screenshot or
take a photo of the screen or something
also got sent some of this appeal the G
staff made in the Waikato New Zealand so
they sent me a what is this anti acne
cream reduces redness pre-wash acne
foaming cleanser thing I guess and then
at this spot gel as well so thank you so
much Vicki for the nice gift next up I
got this
hi should know who it was parcel finds
you well please enjoy this Revlon
professional goodies and let me know if
you love then you what does that say so
sorry I don't know what that word is
is your range plus the extra here
prisons Revlon professionals
thank you so much Revlon metallic or flu
or flu dough or fluid oh I don't know
anyways it's in control mask shampoo and
conditioner and control elixir for
exceptional physical crawl elasticity
and smoothness that sounds really cool
this would be good to take with me to
Italy or something like that and then
underneath there is almighty hair
treatment coconut woo
sounds cool smooth conditioner I never
know everyone did shampoo condition to
be honest 45 day total color care
sulfate free shampoo and conditioner 2
and 1/4 ice blonde scoop and a unique
one here in scope conditioning shampoo
thank you so much
Rivlin that was really nice of year eyes
this blonde shampoo stuff it smells like
bubble gum
oh my god this smells amazing
so good this package here was from
Brittany from America she's just started
her own Etsy shop
Brittany boutique Cove and she's sent me
one of her bath fizzies which is in here
I don't want to unwrap it because I
think it may have broken so thank you so
much anyway I have to try that next time
over bath look Louie has an ear and he's
just marching around the entire house
trying to find somewhere to bury it I
know where it is this is why my mum's
favorite shops and family they've seen
me something hi Shannon enclosed a some
it gifts from us we chose a dusty pink
knit tie into locally may price a candle
and a wooden heart as a showcase of some
of our amazing gift ideas we are open 7
days are happy to open outside normal
trade hours if you wish to do a
Christmas shopping peacefully oh it's so
nice thank you so much let's have a look
so here's the candles strawberries and
champagne oh my god they're smells so
good oh my god that's good ok if you
live in pommy go smell this and tell me
what you think that smells all right
smells real fresh but still sweet and
then this cute little dangly heart oh my
gosh I'm going to save this for whatever
beach house feel oh this is like the
perfect beach house looking like
decoration hey on the wall oh god my
cameras flashing dead already
Swilly Josh this money was happening and
this is the necktie feels really soft
like real tsuki so I guess it's like a
necklace or something I'm not quite sure
I have to experiment that you I think
you streets ahead that was really nice
of you by the way here are the letters I
have received since last time so if
you've recognized your handwriting
then you know I've got your letter so
I'm going to read them tonight but since
some of this Tyra beauty lighting this
stick and sculpt in a stick product so I
should try that out - Shannon Harris
from La Femme Beauty thank you hi
Shannon just want to say thank you for
everything was lovely working with you
well it's so nice I did a facebook video
with them I like this color
your Ted Baker um goodies look at this
it's like a little like case I feel like
you can put your phone in there or
something and cards and everything oh my
gosh I love it thank you
and then this box has stickers on the
front here we go what on earth is this
oh that's why there's literally some
more like notebook things keyring
unnecessary but Molly's 16 to go for a
walk
look look it's a bit low here open doing
something fun I just don't know what
come on
oh hello is there he's big some big dogs
he's okay with but you can tell when he
looks at them if he's gonna be scared
Healy well is he going
wanna try paid him oh go away
hello hey he doesn't want to kiss me
horses get the out of me by the way
it's okay with me behind the fence but I
would want to be in there with them with
that happy face do you good time she
have a good time me and Hamish just did
all the recycling filled up the bins one
day they were empty before ah this is
why I've stopped doing my mail every
single day otherwise we end up picking
rubbish lying around everywhere I need
like another recycling bin we're by
increased his birthday present you guys
won't see this to afters birthday so
it's safe but we're going to get him a
putter because his one currently what's
wrong with it yeah well too small for
him hitting another mouth gags my last
one I chewed through what has granny my
teeth there's not many now this one's
good to the others what about that
Wilson there's a Wolfson one there okay
thank you but the dinner we thought we
might as well stop because
this is my go crush by the way one
fritters and salad is always this is
like my one meal lately
hey Lily should we do a face mask do I
put one on with me I'm not taking you
for a wal k you're really been I feel
like join your face mask is like two
pimples that friggin popped up on my
face this one of course I couldn't help
myself
we love China a bus kids
since the pig under there I swear this
is half pig do you hye-jin to get him
loose
cow Moos box look how cute you are
you're the cutest I've ever seen my life
so on my face I have glam blocks I mean
you shouldn't so long so I was like I'm
gonna use that I put on my t-zone and
like where I get pores sometimes and
then you can't see but on the rest of my
face I've got the what's it called the
thirsty model something like glam below
as well and then once I've taken this
off I'm gonna put the hydrating mask on
everywhere ah so good I love like the
feeling of glam bloom it's like real
Thai initially my lashes are so long
right now I need to get them died again
I usually get them done every time I get
my nails done but last time um I didn't
have time because I wanted to rush off
to show you guys these nails I kind of
remember I would have wanted to him I'm
falling asleep right now watching this
documentary so I'll just say good night
now No
