hey everyone I scooped it from the gym I
both blogged since the last wake I just
had a bit of a terrible weekend it was
just very emotional and everything but
I'm feeling a lot better at the moment
so I thought I would look over here and
I think I'm gonna do a Halloween
tutorial soon but I just got back from
the gym and she can definitely tell so
fascinating to wash my face and I
thought I'd show you have been washing
my face lately because I've been doing
some snapchat and getting a lot of
questions about it
Hamish is on the show right now so I'm
just waiting for him to get out first
because otherwise you know I might see
something you don't want to see yeah I
think I'm going to film my falak
tutorial today I don't know we'll see a
little bit sore again at the moment my
teeth are just awful like literally it's
so hard it was so funny when I touched
the dentist you know how I block the
dentist I was like talking to her about
it and she was like oh let me feel when
she's like oh please that instantly
it is so tight and painful like I've
been so tempted to reach for painkillers
a couple of times I just don't want to
go there like I'm the kind of person
that doesn't take pills and this I
really really really really really just
really need them so I've just been kind
of dealing with it and I'm trying to
find a really good Botox
person because like I trust my Botox
people with my forehead and everything
that's a different story to this muscle
because it's a lot more difficult I
guess you could say because it's close
to a lot of different muscles that
control your mouth movements and like
the way your mouth sex
so obviously you don't want to end up
with a mouth that's like that or
something so I'm really struggling to
find someone that's trained in teeth
grinding and teeth clenching Botox so if
anyone knows anything please feel free
to let me know because I'm kind of
getting desperate and I will be getting
my Invisalign in like 4 to 6 weeks or
something which will help to protect my
teeth but it won't necessarily help the
muscle strain the muscle tensing like
it's very tight I almost need like a
masseuse to like us approach my face so
I filmed a demon look and I'm just
living these like dried women but Amy
she's like to put these on your hair did
you spit them to nipple cut this maybe
laughs anyway so this is what I've been
using to wash my face and I would say I
probably use it every stick into third
date or use it daily because I just
don't find like that I need to but it's
by VIN
to plan out hold on this is really hard
to undo with one hand so you get in the
little container and this is what it
looks like this is the one I've been
using lately but today because I usually
have a couple of breakouts I'm going to
use it this one here so it comes with
three different brush heads and they're
all like kind of a little bit different
this one I think is a little bit softer
so it really gentle this one's a little
bit stronger I guess if you want to like
exfoliate your skin a little bit more
and this one here is my favorite because
additionally like this silicon kind of
brush head it's so gentle and it doesn't
spread it bacteria so you know if you've
got a lot of breakouts I wouldn't
recommend using this one all the time
because bacteria can sit in the brush
head whereas at this one here because
it's silicon it just rinses right out
and it's really hygienic
so yeah that one's really good for like
sensitive skin or like dry skin to buff
off the dead dry skin on the surface
layer of your face you know what I mean
so I'm still out of breath I'm so puffed
from the job yeah this is really really
affordable you can actually get 70% off
with my code it's not an affiliate code
you guys like it's just a nice little
gift from the company and I have
advertised it on my snapchat before so I
would give it to you guys as well the
code is just shinik so and I will have
it listed it down below the link and
everything that you need to use so you
can get it really really cheese really
affordable and I reckon it's such good
quality as well like I've been using
this brush for a long time I bet you got
two of them but I've been using the
system in general for a really long time
it's really really good and also in any
planet is giving up one dollar from
every single unit that you guys buy to
look good feel better it's a charity in
New Zealand if you guys didn't know
which is it kind of set up for people
going through cancer I'll put a link to
that organization down below as well if
you want to read about it but it's a
really really good cause so I'm really
thankful to vanity planet for you know
working with me on there as well you get
a cheapest brush and it's very good cool
as well show you how I use it anyway I'm
pretty sure I use this in one of my main
channel videos as well one time so it's
just like this a little bit easier when
you have both hands to do it yeah that's
how it works and then you've got
batteries in here which you have to put
in and then on and then another speed oh
and then I whip my face I wait the brush
and I put some foaming cleanser on it
and I just kind of go for like I don't
know it's probably only like 30 seconds
to a minute just do whatever you feel
comfortable with and depending how
sensitive your skin is you might want to
do more or less by the way yesterday I
tempted my eyebrows darker like the
actual hairs because my tears are like
it belonged and so that's what gave my
tattooed eyebrows and kind of itchy
appearance it was cause like my eyebrow
hits on the top we're really really
really feared this amide I'll show you
guys what I use and how I do it and
everything but it should last for like a
couple of months or so so yeah I just do
this it feels really nice as well it
feels really massaging it's just like
focus it here for a while I said truly
annoying though I like my face actually
genuinely hurts I actually had a piece
of gum yesterday when I went for a walk
with the dogs I was like why does my
face hurt really bad all of a sudden
like it's actually like horrible and
aching like I knew better really like
I've always not always I've been
grinding my teeth for a couple of years
now so I knew what that was like but for
some reason the last couple weeks have
just been nice level like couple of
months even and I can now sympathize
with people who have talked about this
happening to them because I have known a
couple of people to struggle from it and
I was always like what no I know anyway
now you just rinse
I just moisturize honestly this thing
makes your face feel baby smooth I'm
still bright red for me no not you
hamish is making cheese my breakfast
best B if ever a hamish make me sound so
right I was so in kids they're mostly
some help Willy wanker in the chocolate
that guru
this is all mail that I've gotten
there's like some be written to those
clothes I put it away all mail that has
come in the last like couple of weeks
it's just absolutely crazy but anyway
this is what I'm looking for
ah my Nanak costume I'm so excited
and there's a little cross in here
somewhere too I'm not quite sure where
that went
and in my contest now for my for luck I
don't know if I should do yellow eyes or
white eyes because she has both but I
bought these yellow ones so I don't know
I just see what I feel like doing when
it comes to putting them in I'm going to
use some kind of wax to do her really
ugly cooking nose as well to make it
really ugly and creepy this is not a
glamorous orange toriel in the slightest
was it what do you think of my outfit of
the day
hey guys how disgusting is this cut my
wax on my nose make it look super big
time to wash this off anyway that was so
much fun right time for round two just
cold my hair and rain this top which I'm
not going to show you too much off
because you can see my nipples here's my
illuminati inspired look so I did the
triangle I thing I did gold let's money
many with a devil thing I did the droopy
eyeliner for the first time it's a bit
of a fail it's really hard like I knew
it's going to be hard but it was really
hard I also did the eye so yeah that's
my loominatee inspired look it's just a
little bit of fun like I just felt like
playing with makeup this is kind of I'm
sticking itself I just felt like playing
around and doing something quite arty so
that's what I came up with golden top
you could wear any kind of like golden
outfit everything that would look the
best I don't know I don't even know if
anyone would ever dress up is this for
Halloween but it's a really cool like
inspiration video anyway like just
something fun to watch if you'd like
take one or two aspects of this makeup
and like apply it to your outfit you
know what I mean
so yeah I'm all clean my face doesn't
feel too bad considering I've just
stripped off my makeup twice and wash my
face three times already
just try see if we've got any licious
for lunch
tada this is my favorite lettuce at the
moment making my thumbnail I don't know
whether to do further away or closer I
think further away maybe
lunches syrup these are corn fritters
those are fish shallots I feel so full
like over the top full I've got my water
bottle I've got my phone I'm going to go
to mum's house now and see the puppy
she's got a name now her name is indy so
show you her again because you guys
loved seeing her last time and then
we're going to the hospital for a bit
it is currently like 4:30 so it's been a
long day that filming took me a long
time and I just edited a video just then
um after lunch oh my god I feel so full
I hate too much oh hi Daddy hi hi look
at that tail she tired oh she's just had
a books later
it's my finger you're such a mischief I
like her name yes curious mom was this
new teacher today the kid toy why do you
gotta get away he said why um why she's
so small you can't even tell on camera
alright she's grown on the last one oh
yeah she definitely has grown hey why
does matter where you look in there you
don't want to like that no no hmm
here I'm here yes it's so fun to eat my
hair isn't it you'll anoleis puppy
that's a beloved indie indie are you
doing you remind me so much of Zeus I
need a pity
look at those legs so the time is now
7:45 and I just went to the supermarket
we've been at the hospital all night and
got some stuff mixed scones and savory
muffins and stuff because my family
member can eat a little bit now and they
want to eat that so I'm going to bake it
will attempt to hopefully is okay I'm
like worried that it's going to turn out
to be disgusting and then there's just
horrible because they haven't even so
long it's just going to be like a downer
but it'll be okay you're on like mushy
food in the moment so I think muffins
would be much better yeah going home
hopefully I'll get time to bake tonight
but me and Hamish you forget some dinner
as well it's so late I don't know why
I'm gonna cook I'm still like low-key
full from lunch recycling Hamish me me
dinner eggs on toast while I'm making
scones I have no idea if this is how the
mixture is supposed to look but it's
happening I've done a test back
in the oven now hopefully they turn out
good
so I've hit two no moving on to the
other muffin so I've got a zucchini here
and I've got a great a cup o pumpkin by
the way the other recipe for the scones
is a cup of cream a can of sprite and
four cups of flour I think laws this is
a messy business you guys okay next I
need pizza and semi dried tomatoes okay
how is baking so meaty like I tried real
hard to be tidy leave it over here
anyways here's how the scones came out I
think they're looking pretty good they
came out huge kind of forgot about the
whole you know they grow in size things
so for my family they've obviously there
any evening smallmouth since they've
been eaten for like two months so I
probably cut them into a little fourths
or something here's some more cooling
this one I bit into I feel like I didn't
cook along now so hopefully the restorer
okay that was like the palest one on top
and this one here probably so I made
that one for honey but the rest look a
little bit more golden so I think it
should be good it's so much of this
mixture I'm actually just making some in
the mini the little mini size muffin
tins in the moment sorry my I've been so
gross right now and then I think I'll
make some bigger ones as well but the
many ones would be a good size
oh god this danger gradual so here's how
the mini muffins are going they're like
quite tiny I'm going to let them rest in
here for like ten minutes or so and then
I just made it big ones for the other
set and again I can chop them up and
then I'll probably have some as well
hopefully they taste good so they're
pumpkin zucchini bitter sun-dried tomato
said it I can't remember anymore you
guys saw what went in there pretty good
effort I reckon I've got these all
packed up and ready to go I'm going to
go hop in bed now it is I don't know
what time our main clock is set to let's
say the twenty to ten or twenty to
eleven so yeah I'm going to go to bed
now I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
and I will talk to you guys again really
soon bye
