yeah pecking for the beach I'm gonna put
on some foundation and stuff so that
hopefully I don't get free cool stuff I
know it sounds stupid but I get free
cool so quick we've picked up a bag and
I realize I didn't pick like any
t-shirts or anything which was a foul
I'm just wearing this cute little dress
from what white folks I thought it was
good for the beach because I probably
wouldn't normally wear this like you
know out and about so here's my minimal
make-up I checked on the Clinique tone
one foundation on top of some sunscreen
in the end with powder and then a top
her glow pellet a glass bronzer and my
XO Beauty Lucent highlight it just to
like brighten up my face this lipstick
is coming soon take so beauty yeah I do
and then mascara and give me a brow well
done time to go
we're gonna go look at houses now we're
in Miss ha
gotta get Park and we're gonna go find
some food and then go the beach yeah
we'll go first
any bug spray famous just being in life
and I didn't show you guys the beach we
went swimming for ages yeah I'm such a
failure oh joy at the man we're hitting
based on that now was so tired and just
relaxing good it's so good glugging not
looking I promise I'll find some stuff
to blog I'm terrible at blogging
sometimes I swear and I kind of my nose
and that's about it
it might not in a look and my lips oh
something
fish and chips and we're gonna just let
go
ate at the beach and it's so windy so
light mmm this is going to be a disaster
our chips are just gonna fly everywhere
so we're gonna eat at the table instead
good morning it is New Year's Eve what
day is it
I don't know they're awkward time
between Christmas and New Year's where
you don't know what day it is what time
it is or anything it's checked on some
foundation mascara brows and what sick
this is XO beauty coming soon I don't
like the way it looks in this lighting
we're gonna hit it into town for a bit
and then come back later maybe go to the
beach for a bit and then when you get
ready we're gonna go get some drinks and
stuff and I don't even know what we're
doing tonight but I'll bring you along
it's the theme of this trip don't know
what I'm doing but you can come with me
if you want we're just driving yeah you
do is there people coming um we're just
driving to this lake and a more
sanctuary place thing I mean there's
waterfalls here you dare you are to give
way look right
and I didn't read it the good way this
is so pretty all the fans
man if there's a pack here we coulda
walked up there but I'll hopefully this
packs up there it looks packed oh can we
I'm just gonna go this hexakill you can
see them coming from the top it's such
an awkward little area after this read
one hurry up
what's he doing I know no I
don't know if we mean to be getting
wound off oh boy
yeah I know but maybe it sees it on the
other side you'll get after this guy if
they want to get out of the way
oh my god what are you doing there's a
path lady McLaren Falls Park is what
it's called I just can't remember this
nature it's so beautiful but this is why
I love me and Hamish was saying this is
like this is why we love New Zealand
like you could just gar like ten minutes
somewhere
it was beautiful like wild in our fans
and bushes and it's just so beautiful
I should wait um
there's a pipe behind that black car we
could fit there just reverse in there oh
it looks like these parks over there too
well in the actual car pathway is habes
cars right where we are I'm assuming
with it they transfer this are cute
they're like young ducks don't oh that
was over my other hand I can hear the
gays I hate you you supposed to put it
up on the ground so they could eat it
okay I'll put on the ground the license
things does that put on the grass
Oh are they awful listen to that doesn't
like you we got duck food from the cafe
yeah they definitely aren't very old cuz
they're smaller than average thank you
looks like a family of geese let's see
if I can sir but they're telling all
their mates to come get food after
walking straight past it we found it hey
it's not my nature so with Friday's it's
really not oh that's not I'm kind of
buff we just did like a massive trick
and yeah shins to spend just a railing
they came sprinting over over me holy
look at that little little one tiny how
beautiful his eyes are you're so pretty
he's like the most handsome yeah this
egg you're so cute just gave them some
food on the ground what a head you're so
pretty
look at those eyes yeah they I hear ya
look at this hole this hole says
literally your miniature computer
we gave her some in the grass
she's only come over see we've got food
trust us what Steve all right here comes
Steve I'll let you can go out the top
look can you see them line down in the
corner other men it's gonna be a
quality there in the shade it's too hot
hey old mate he's eyeing me out be like
got food what do you up to why do you
have to this lady's getting that no
wastage around here
what's that Jurassic Park looking down
hello I love you
this place is massive definitely come
here and do it you told them about
that waterfall up so you can see how big
this place is because we came from down
there we came all the way we came from
down there there's a guard up there
you're back again huh this guys coming
over now
gokane jump back down go around there Oh
prison break
hey well have you been knowing you guys
trying to escape down here he's hanging
out for more food
there's a pig chillin with a bunch e^x
mostly needs to get the train on
Barrichello yeah cuz he got something to
hate is he saving it they're too busy
for you now you've dropped all your food
smaller all the D trappers do this next
year this guy's a dick was he getting
angry right here we angry probably so
but he's trying to push him to him what
are they little chin things to they gave
you attach so weird
he's like I want to turn savage only
just turn all this up
feel like yay they love it don't they
look at that guy in the back a wish he's
like a holding in this New Year's Eve
ever we're gonna say we're gonna pop by
the waterfall but it looks Jam next I'm
not gonna lie nah I don't know about
that we're at the Mexican place on the
Strand that the jalapeno pop is yes
I'm gonna get just like tortilla chips
and guac and stuff like nachos without
being nacho I don't know we'll see what
happens
my drink is ten out of ten got Quinn
chips and jalapeno poppers oh my god
this looks legit so I just got really we
don't even know if we're doing anything
we're drinking at the moment I'm
definitely tipsy at this stage at the
time 7:30 I filmed my knee cap and I
screwed it up so many times those tips
ooh but I might upload it still will see
it's not very like revolutionary New
Year's like you know Oh stirred shimmery
colors but we'll see
yeah and this Nicholas is one star and
the owner this is from waffles boutique
and lipstick is coming soon to XO beauty
it makes my teeth look goober white
you can't see you raging music
we found us in a dungeon who is dying
the sauce
the amount of puck and heart right now
is there sitting why they have to
arrange day so long there's new tribe
making it so that those baubles can't
get certain kind of it easier if you do
it from my side important you oh you
just pushed my now you do something so
sandwich oh my gosh this game takes
longer to set up than actually play it's
better be worth it easy breathing
beautiful should I don't make me laugh
if I hadn't had the thing oh my god the
game is at least not a profit
yeah yeah there wasn't thank you baby
do we give us oh you're supposed to turn
it to you win that's your tuna Oh does
it really matter like I'll just take the
mouse what are you doing
don't have to turn this every day just
rotate yeah that's fine
so
oh geez what do you say that's what I
mean by rotating it is it really with
there's so much strategy though you need
to stop looking so handy
you're laughs someone who cares mine now
you know it's not honestly they talk
long to sit up go okay I know we're not
but man I think we are done look at
there I just went around lucky motive
are you on all of my you're an old now
I'm making a tender
