good morning everyone is Wednesday and
today is quite early I'm driving down to
Wellington with Hamish because I have my
first appointment for my for the line
like I had the other appointment but
then I have to get my wisdom teeth out
so I'm not sure what we're doing today
I'm going to guess we're going to redo
the moles because obviously my teeth may
have moved a little bit after doing my
wisdom teeth out but I don't know it'd
be awesome if I get my April at Trey's
today but I kind of doubt it I also want
to talk about teeth grinding turns if
there's anything I can do to actually
stop myself from teeth grinding because
it is getting ridiculous like my teeth
hurts so much today I don't know if you
can hear me talking funny or not I
should prefer this way oh there's better
lighting so much video and it is just
puffy like it just hurts especially my
back teeth it here just sensitive it's
just not ideal so I just watch her about
that today also gonna Wellington going
to that appointment coming home and then
I will do a lot for work and hits last
weekend he said my family member wasn't
doing so well um so we're doing another
little it's not a surgery it's a
procedure just to help with comfort and
everything hopefully and help my family
member be able to eat properly without
being super sick ah pretty rough let me
tell you their badge yeah that's the
plan sir thought I'd vlog since I'm
going off and doing something see me
exciting I don't know this is my outfit
I'm just wearing my denim jacket kind of
rolling ball with it's from sir pray
white long-sleeved top and then this is
actually from surprise well it was just
like a long skirt wake up come on
Abby get a peek it's time to wake up
yes aim I almost forgot look how long my
hair is now it's like pretty damn long
and I had a huge trim not the hair cut I
just got the one before there was like a
huge trim like that much or something
he's getting pretty long and it feels so
healthy pretty stoked
how did it taste
I was fine I was just my maths out of
ordering nothing right see what they can
do this this lumps of this okay they are
nomadic now they're quite go there's two
more yes yes there are a little
different
no they just Shannon's impressions for a
take she's getting them redone how was
it oh my gosh you've got a big black
marker ah what's that wrong
what's your foundation thank you oh my
god is it buffalo night oh hell we take
pictures now yes and it's really
delicious so that went really really
well
that dentist she's the nicest person
ever I think I said in my last fall to
she is so nice we're gonna go find some
food now most of my makeup his white off
but it to you
I can see you on my ta mesh
look at this monster salad avocado
lettuce in raw sewage men Hamish got
Caesar and we got register share because
you have to because the we just are the
best pitchers ever yeah so it is now
6:30 or 7:30 I don't know I haven't
changed my clock back yet
I just got back from the hospital this
afternoon um so you got home from
Wellington I went straight there and I
wouldn't just got home and I'm kind of
hungry
by the way lunch was amazing I love that
give it actually like one of my favorite
cafes of a venture probably the staff
member there said that shorts was my
blog so hi if you're watching look at my
cherry blossom tree you guys I'm so
proud look at all those blossoms you
guys so pretty by the way we've got
limited stock of the breast cancer like
pink limited edition revitalash abortion
is donated to breast cancer as voices
but this one as well and I just love the
packaging look how pretty it is
it's like ombre I'm not keeping this one
I just got it for a photo to show you
guys all right it's like I'm off the
dinner again got my wine this is what
was it called again
red rabbit dinner I rent how did I screw
that up so there rabbit ranch thank you
and then Hamish got beer what'd you get
summer
sumit just regular what it means is
shrinking isn't there like summit gold
or is that the only one there is about
different times but yeah I suppose
Hamish is like shush-shush peasant yeah
it's amazing lately and it's not a good
thing that I've been loving tomorrow so
Oh God
about corn fritters and salad sweet
chili sauce and Hamish got more Caesar
salad hi I know my very point I love you
hi honey Jenna cutter okay okay okay
okay okay okay pick let's hurry yes
change my mind
Harriers where's the other papa can you
see him in the corner
what if he got he was there what's bit
Hey he says you still got him
still haven't ruined him oh yeah pull
out some fluff from somewhere haven't
you skinny mini oh no what it's these
tired from playing look it's my fav show
what's his calling in moon something
listings or something
looks really crappy from what I've
showed you that's actually good it's
dramatic I love reality TV shows I don't
care what anyone says
