good morning everyone / oh no it is
still good morning it's 11:30 a.m. I've
been working all morning
it is hang I edited this look here my
mid juice one that you still be wearing
in another vlog recently and then I've
just been editing this one
the blood spatter nurse but I'm gonna
stop in a minute it is as I said almost
12 o'clock so I'm going to head over to
my mum's house we are actually getting
out liter valve today which is overdue
and I can tell it's overdue because I've
just been feeling like crap for the last
two weeks
like not crap crap just really sluggish
tired can't concentrate all the normal
symptoms that I always get so I'm
looking forward to getting a b12 you
mean I hate it I love it at the same
time and I've got a surprise to show you
what my mom says I'm really excited I'm
so excited I can't even do um you guys
are gonna die I'm gonna put on some BB
cream because I just feel like it today
I feel like my skin is just so pink
actually know why just as today I just
decided to be pink although I did just
have a shower like 20 minutes ago so
this probably like hey by the way I
should have been wearing this all
morning but I haven't been wearing it
all morning I got the new Fitbit charged
her cuz I reckon they changed them
because they're HR the one I used to
have those ones always break I've known
so many people who is a broken so they
discontinued that one arrogant that's
why they're like no we're just upgrading
it I'm like no the old one broke so you
brought out one that won't break
hopefully anyway yeah I'll let you guys
know how it is once I tried out some
more hey baby I love you by the way I've
had two plants in the lounge and he has
not destroyed them I'm very proud three
days and Counting
tomorrow I am planning on filming more
Halloween tutorials because I need to
get some films Wednesday I'm going to
want in for my teeth appointment I'm so
excited
um and then I think oh it always says
well within film Thursday Friday as I
said I go away from like the 23rd
onwards so the next two weeks two and a
half weeks I'm just going to be filming
as much as I can in editing as much as I
can so it was quite good that last week
I filmed like two holy trails each day
because it really got me set up for the
next couple of weeks I'm really happy
about that
so what so many looks I want to do
unicorn mermaid something with cards
something with muscles something with
like a covered mouth like some creepy
stuff for lack as
zombie what else I'm gonna do some
last-minute light little pot and eye
shadow by makeup eye liner I don't know
got lots of stuff planned and then I go
to VJ so I need to get some videos
filmed for home and features normal
videos like I think I've got one or two
filmed already like a lip swatch video
effects about me video but I need to
just film some more you know casual eyes
videos so yeah that's the plan for the
next few weeks it's gonna be crazy my
appointments in a couple of hours but
I'm gonna head over to Mum soon let's go
put on some BB cream so I thought I
would just finish off the look while I
was here I did the voiceover and
everything it is now at 12:30 - so I'm
gonna go do that BB cream thing now and
then go off two months I don't know
what's happening with my face right now
look at this is that hot I don't know I
don't feel hot but maybe I am
and time for some perfume shall i wear
today guys
what the heck's happened to this bottle
look it's like oxidized that's so weird
you can see where my fingerprints are
anyway I'm gonna we're Chloe say I'm
ready to go I'm off um see you guys at
mum's this is the surprise oh hello mom
got a puppy mommy got a puppy look how
adorable you were she still has no name
by the time you watch this vlog she'll
probably have a name Alicia
where's she going she is a bichon
sir she is adorable I'm adopted her from
a little family yesterday and she is
just a bundle of joy and and she is
teething Jimmy I died she's like a
little tzer's except this has poodle and
she's no foodle and she's just as cute
almost mushy she she's the cutest little
girl be the same she Nick it here she is
just in love with my mum just followed
her inside we're outside for him I'm
walked off and she went racing after her
Daniel she's so tiny
we're thinking what are we thinking mum
Indy like Indy my favourite name was
Minnie but mom doesn't like Minnie I'll
save that for when I get another dog one
day Minnie's cute what's this
hmm wow you're so fast look at you
really you ready
oh my god she's the sweetest thing so
she's had a couple of issues but she
still needs another part by one so she's
not going anywhere exciting at the
moment just staying at home
mmm I'm off to get some lunch soon and
go get our b12 then go the hospital for
a bit and then we come bigger blue there
again yes
she is so sweet
mia mama trying this place today cafe
brie bit minis come here so many times
but she's never here
chips did you become what you get I'm
gonna make a nail
yeah look at this driver I have been
obsessed with making these little mini
videos lately let me know if you guys
like them maybe what's so fun creating
them I've been putting them on my
Facebook and Instagram and Twitter and
stuff yeah let me know change my theme
recently and I'm loving it so much
easier than this patient like up and
down up and down I feel like it just
looks better anyway like I was just over
there I did it for so long I swear I was
doing it for a couple years I don't know
yeah this is nice and clean and tidy I
was doing it just squares for a while
here we go
with no border but I don't know it
didn't feel like me you know so I edited
a little border as well hi oh hi yes
there's important information Hey so
Hamish is cooking dinner around two
healthy eating day this is freakin
unbelievable so good I think tomorrow
needs to be a salad day I'm doing a face
mask this one here this isn't sponsored
this is the body shop Himalayan charcoal
glow if you're playing masks it tingles
it feels really good I've already tried
this one one so this lighting in this
bathroom is like really pretty bad yeah
try this one and I really liked its
simplicity glam glow except it's more
like tingly and people not people minty
but you know I mean like that real fresh
cooling feeling my skin feels so soft
now
