good morning so my Halloween filming has
officially started this is my first look
it's my take on like a Medusa
can I look well scaly and then the stone
eyes lushes I don't know I was gonna do
more but I really liked how kind of
simple it was so I just kind of stopped
I was gonna do it like a lot more like
on my chest and face and stuff but
anyway I thought it was an exam in a few
days it's Tuesday my family I finally
got surgery last Friday so I'm still
recovering and everything feeling very
tired feeling very exhausted just fair
enough fat ya which then hang out there
and this weekend was really really chill
it was really nice just to hang around
at home and do not much like I literally
just watched a bunch of YouTube which I
haven't done in so long it was really
nice um yeah just chilled haven't really
got too much to take you on I thought
I'd blow today honestly like I've been
like I know my blogs normally I'm pretty
boring like I do not much at all just
work and stuff but it's been have been
more boring lately because you know it's
just stuff I can't really film and I
just genuinely haven't been doing much
and like this room is terrible I need to
clean it
we have no room in our recycling bin so
I can't get rid of it yet unless they
take it down to the actual place which I
just have not had times I've been trying
to work and then you know trying to be
at the hospital and also I go to Bali at
the end of October and Fiji and then
next month November I go to Italy and
instan em so I am just freaking out a
little bit because I want to pre film
enough videos for while I'm going but I
don't know if it's gonna happen like
just with everything else that's going
on I'm trying to just do my best at the
moment but yeah it's a bit stressful and
I'm so behind on my Halloween filming
usually I'd have like a week's worth
done by now but this is my first one
it's the 27th of September you know I'm
gonna start uploading them next week I
think should how much makeup I've got
stuck in my hairline like I got my hair
done as you know and it's so like gray
which I kind of like it kind of dark I
don't know I can't decide like I think I
just want to go back to my normal blonde
next time but I wanted to try something
new this time so I wouldn't super cool
blonde but I obviously it'll fade out
really soon so Turner and everything
anyways
I always gala well those orange makeup
stuck in my head because I'm really
immature
usually my head's not this pale so it
doesn't really happen you can't notice
it but no it's just like awful anyway
I'm gonna go shower this off now and
then I might film another Halloween
tutorial we'll see okay I just wiped off
my makeup but that was the second look
vanie did looking I just thought it
would be a really good last minute
Halloween idea so I'm gonna play that
closer to the end of like October it
would go with like any costume it all
know I make the basic looking my hair is
a Miss cuz it's just being the wrong
round all day Hannah go cook something
now I'm so hungry I might just have soup
or something it's 112 p.m. I am obsessed
with this look just did this thumbnail
this them now and these I don't know
which ones better
hello Hamish made me eggs and loads of
ever got oh ah recycling bin just go
dude way some rubbish and do some more
unboxings and stuff cuz I've got so much
mail again I'll show you in a second to
need some more pimple cream - nice gonna
break up all right let's do this Louie
what's in here Louie looks like
something from a tisket oi here we go
I'm in love with the Coco I'm just like
opening it in here because this little
like snow stuff is why I would pick up
it and I'm trying to oh my god don't get
it everywhere so this is Coco bling
don't mind my um old veins I mean I
tried to scrub them off but it just
would not come off so go work on that
again later
Coco bling by Abbas Couture so pretty
can we appreciate how bummed up this box
is like I can't really show you properly
because awesome a dress about like what
the heck Phenix what are you doing
this is so sloshed what's in here
hopefully it's not broken I'm kicking
okay so far so good so far so good
here we go Amazonian clay color vibes
I should have pellet by toss 16 shadows
in full line of shades well this looks
similar to that when I did a tutorial
with recently thank goodness it is
completely safe look at these colors all
my good news
I love those bottom two actually the
bomb for then those ones are really nice
warm shows these ones are like like this
one on my gosh like a pretty coppery
gold some purplish tires like morphs
it's very wearable the whole palette is
very wearable it's quite neutral love it
I was wondering before why I have such a
terrible headache and this will be live
drunk like no waters I don't even need
the juice or anything can I just say I'm
obsessed with Bravo this is the best you
know New Zealand zipperhead it's good
with like beast-like cringy reality TV
shows like i love is this the one that i
like i don't know because i can't
remember what time it is but it's like
real-estate wars and stuff not wars but
like reality TV real estate and it's so
dramatic and so funny
any press i don't know this house is
worth like 250 million dollars but he's
only willing to pay 225 million dollars
where my bitch really yeah I got a
triangle bikini look at the scope hidden
here's the top it's like a really nice
textured white fabric and then the
buttons
I'm obsessed got some goodies from
Elizabeth Arden 8 hour cream skin
protectant 8 hour cream lip rotate in
palette and they in it the Elizabeth
Arden super start skin when you loose
lip lip lip lip booster this is the
SuperStart booster it's like a serene
kind of price is to apply before your
serum and moisturizer day night it feels
kind of like a gel and it smells really
good it smells like really refreshing
it feels cooling - this might be nice
for summer this is the a our creme lip
palette and the skin protectant 8 hour
cream it's basically just a cream that
works for anything you know there's some
little recommendations just here it's
really really good for you like you've
been skin chat skin dry skin cracks lips
Sarah this here is a limited edition
luxe fitness protein powder vanilla
coconut scent so you're really sad give
it a go I've still got quite a bit of my
first one so many big cities like live
mainly only been hemming out for like
protein shakes just with like water but
I probably have used like yeah that much
still
yeah yeah all right whose mother thought
I had probably almost used half of it
look how cute they look next to each
other hello hello yeah you I shows by
makeup geek cabin fever
early-bird ten lines pocket change faux
fur Lucky Penny sidekick bake sale in
Bergen Oh in foil lunch - huh I love the
foiled ones so much they're one of my
favorite types of eyeshadows I own this
salt pigmented in like just beautiful I
don't know like real shimmery the link
to makeup geek has done the down bow if
you want to go check them out so new
Anastasio Beverly Hills lip glosses
sheesh you're always hooking it up with
the best goods loads of lip liners are
these new shades I think they are new
shades some of them look like they could
be troops for Kylie lip kits and heaps
of it lipsticks must be some new shades
and you Palace in the back there oh my
gosh they've got so many shades you guys
so many shades I really like them I'm
gonna use them in a while and really
should top holiday collections it looks
like even oh here we go hi - oh my gosh
I mean tried the island I've heard
amazing things about these I think it
was Lauren Jessi Lauren Curtis talking
about one so maybe someone else I'm not
too sure but I'm really excited look it
comes with a little tiny tiny little
angled doubling brush that saves you a
really good brush idea it's like a
little mind small on the other blue
black brown and like a dark bronze kind
of I guess oh my gosh pretty I'm
actually whenever I like the second
moment blush
sit and brush the limitless lippies
deluxe Tartus
creamy metal it pinched it like little
minis
pretty colors come morphed my hitters in
the background this came from Anouk
adopter I can't get it out drops of
crystal beautifying by face oil
I love manuka dr. what is different
about this nourishing oil with the
weightless touch of an absorb serum
manuka honey to promote skins LCC
restores skin natural radiance mmm
that's really cute I like their
packaging it's really thin
got that for an oil stuff yes yes I have
to do it raising this this is done by
that famous AHA but it once it it's so
pretty look at these colors very
wearable
so yeah it's developing makeup by Mario
I believe his yeah he's on Instagram I
think he is conditioned makeup artist
very cool I received the stuff from
iconic ones in and they're the ones that
do the army contour kit that I love
they sent me heaps of these like pigment
and strobing because I guess the pigment
sticks are they like a foundation it
kind of looks like it was just this one
here and the others I like shine I don't
know if you guys can see those cuz it is
not poking in some of these brushes the
handle is quite cool color pop what is
this oh hey Shannon interesting year
2016 full edit shades these are a
must-have share the layer shades of the
season I hope you loved them from Jordan
in the color pop team thank you let's
have a look look at this monster in each
one there are some lipsticks and I chose
this one here's a Libby stick would be
being so some liquid lipsticks they end
up flash and these ones are kind of
going all over the show liquid lipsticks
eyeshadows I love that middle color what
is that
Love Bug it's so pretty it's named after
my dogs I called in my love buds and
then some stuff from ASOS and Moscato
which I could not be able to going
through right now so they're gonna stay
in the bags I'm bright red because I
just did the recycling it's so hot
outside it's really weird I used it the
recycling
filled out the entire recycling bin
didn't even get rid of all of my boxes
so I have to make a trip to the City
Council ISM stage it's really hot
outside
spring is differently here people often
ask me what I use for my Instagram
photos and this is it see Sony a 500
this games really fun
it's called unholy hot sheaf yet from
the American store though because it's
not one the New Zealand one is fun it's
like you've gotta like have little
tenants in the little monsters and then
you defend and do quests and stuff and
you
like upgrade their apartments and put
cool stuff in them and then get new
floors haven't got new floor yet kind of
like tower defense and hotel management
and stuff like that but it's good it's
just like one of those simple like
time-wasting guys but it was really fun
and kind of addictive same thing again
that I had the other night which is with
ace corn furnace in solid loads of
avocado and certain Louise to into the
corner of the room behind the toilet and
he gets real scared big in it but I
can't read now I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog it's not back I said don't
forget to give it a thumbs up don't
forget to subscribe I'll talk to you
guys soon
