I've got to here am i good morning guys
is now Wednesday it's nine o'clock in
the morning and I'm going to do my
makeup but I thought today I would do
the no brushes makeup short fingers only
make it strong fingers only I think it's
called fingers only yeah I'm going to do
that today and then at 12 I have my hair
appointment my roots because they are
pretty bad I don't think I'm going to do
any color this time I think I'm just
going to stay blonde
I like the blonde it is today actually
it's quite a nice one
yeah just a light blonde I think for you
this the plan hopefully my makeup turns
out alright I'll see in a moment and you
can judge for yourself
so I've already wiped off my lipstick
but that's what it looks like and here's
the rest of my makeup my bronzer turned
out to be a hot mess but the rest is OK
like I should have could have been
better but you know I was using my
fingers so I think I did okay like I
even do to scar with my fingers brows
everything and use any brushes or any
tools or anything like that so I don't
know when this video will be up but
hopefully quite soon maybe about the
time you see this I don't know who will
see gotta edit my thumbnail for this
look here I don't know what photos to
use though for like the main picture oh
that's something different okay you you
look so warm I'm so jealous it's
freezing Hey
it opened more mail tonight till hey
start doing Halloween tutorials because
I'm gonna run out of time
hamish made me lunch before my hair
appointment you're jealous I knew you
well here's my hair now my makeup is
looking crap Thank You fingers they're
nice and shiny light blonde again I
decided that color isn't really for me
I'm too basic we put in like a little
bit of a darker color as well like I
don't know if you can see it like
there's some right there just to break
it up a bit so it doesn't look too like
you know I don't know got the nice guy
up there so place I car is right over
there in Kelvin Grove it's called magic
happens I think it's the pizza place
next to countdown countdown it's just
there and then just there is that big
park so it's just in there I go to Mel
she's so cool the other girls and they
were really good as well
bizarre sight a noodles and likes a tie
now which is which I hate peanuts but I
like Saito there you go sushi
good morning got my pimple cream on
again today I am going to do some
editing this morning and then open some
now and then go to the hospital so that
I do a little bit of logging obviously
there's no lot I can do on these days
and it's like I wasn't logging because
most my days taken up by going to the
hospital but I just feel like vlogging
sorry I am
it's a lot of mail to open too and I
need to fake tan tonight look at this
whoo all right it's 214 and I got three
videos really so almost a week's worth
of all of those always worth technically
that there's four tomorrow and then next
week I just want to get one more video
done next week hopefully so tomorrow and
that means that next week I can focus on
filming some Halloween tutorials you I'm
just gonna open up all the smell because
there's a lot and then I'll show you
what's inside the boxes because yet that
it took me 12 years unpack it all
otherwise I have no idea placing this to
me by accident or if I bought this I
don't think I bought it though because I
couldn't get it but I got the bronze
pail of the mail it's so much more
competitors it's so tiny like not tiny
isn't like you're not getting product or
anything you're right this is just dying
over there but just like very small and
I got this here I think off um it's
amazing so I'm going to do like a Medusa
outfit how cool was it I also got this
 what's in here Oh sticky oh la girl
stuff la girls strobe light strobing
powder oh and they sent a little light
as well yeah should i swatch all know
that on broke which i swatch one for you
this shade here is called 90 watt it's
differently Pinker than what you're
seeing in the camera that's a little bit
more true to color I guess it's quite
shimmery though so if you don't like
shimmer I don't know if you like these
but yeah it's really intense that gold
there is 60 watt it's very very golden
and very pigmented that bottom one there
is 120 watt and 50 watt at the top there
too mind you got your pink toy is loving
it's pink toy lately country that bottom
one is probably one of my favorites it's
110 watts it's like a champagne like
golden silver some next
in here let tensity what are these ah
these are meant to be like real
pigmented I think wait do I have some of
these I feel like they already sent me
some the packaging is really cool it
shows the color on the outside which is
on the inside it's more of the colors
and then an enforced Ocoee ously super
cute invite Yves saint-laurent event I
probably won't have to go though because
my family member being in hospital
everything and it'll probably in
Auckland look how cool this invite is
it's ran backwards and then you look at
the slope mower to read it so cool
Halloween costume I want to do a ver
luck tutorial and a mask this was in my
PO Box actually have a lot of Pierre box
mail to open still well again I should
say not still again it's all on my porch
at the moment the whole boats filled up
with it I need to get it out but it's
have not at the time lately so this is a
gift from Zenith Bar Tonique bar T Q
look there like flowers floating bouquet
of rosebuds corn flower petals in
organic hibiscus rose petals just for
you at this bling and flourish letting
your mind body and spirit blossom in
this aromatic soak and then the smoke
escapes and salts and heaps of cool
ingredients in it so thank you so much
it's really really sweet thank you so
much Renee that's such a nice message
this was in my pure box as well I sure
hope you enjoy trying our latest makeup
cookies from pony effect is it Pony or
Tony effect I don't know from Mimi box
pony effect so just head look inside
there just like sheet masks so I have to
try those out sometime and then this was
in the box
Oh totes really heavy so cute it's like
a murdered box look at this oh my good
news okay I've never tried this brand
but I'm really excited to because you
guys know how much I love Korean makeup
pony is a self-taught anyway turned
celebrity makeup artist in visionary of
the industry it's so cool okay I think
I'm just going to have to open have a
couple of these things and show you at
Marist
I don't know I'll see if I'll do a video
done or something if you want to see in
a video just let me know
this isn't sponsored or anything it just
turned up in my peer box I have no idea
why it just did
they obviously just want to send it to
me to try so the strobing illuminator
obviously I've applied
my hand but it's super super bright so I
got some on your leg I think the
packaging is really pretty fish images
there at the top is an eye stick this
looks like a liquid lipstick another
Halloween outfit I got the KY liners and
small Tyler look kits brown sugar duty
peach love buy and some more of these I
got some of these while I wasn't
blogging the fear set but this one's the
contour set so it's got banana shadow
fawn and mink I got some stuff from
Elizabeth Arden including the private
show by Britney Spears and always read
femme by Elizabeth Arden then make up
the law so I got the provide anti-aging
eye serum by Elizabeth Arden
I love the UM sunscreen after all when I
got there I tried it out for a few days
loved it
I would still be using it but my current
moisturizing is SPF in it so but I like
sticking it but I really like it and
then this is a Elizabeth Arden beautiful
color illuminating liquid highlighter it
comes in one of those packaging tights
which is like a little net and you press
onto it to get the product out good that
this is in the shade golden kiss oh one
it's the shade on my wrist I look
literally ghostly through the camera but
I do not look like that in real life I
don't know what's going on we're gonna
do flee there we go
that's a bit more realistic and
definitely pale but not there though
these hair liquid lipsticks by Elizabeth
Arden I'm going to swatch the lightest
one look at this weird packaging so you
pump it and it comes through into this
little like sponge that's the color just
there this is shade two during beige I
think yeah during beige it's a really
nice color and then I'm excited about
these these are all liquid liners I love
Elizabeth Arden pencil eyeliners so I'm
looking for to trying these because
heaps of different colors I got some
feather butterflies of its ear summit
starfish clips from this little um it's
you shop here given Lucy and that is
everything now the but I'm recycling to
do I am gonna go get ready get dressed
wash this off my face and go to the
hospital now so I'll talk to you guys in
a bit
these corn fritters are the bomb.com
I should really try to make some
homemade ones folks that'd be probably a
bit healthier but that's okay
now just gotta wait for the corn
fritters YUM I had sweet chili and
balsamic and some people we're gonna go
jump in bed now and watch movies so I'll
talk to you guys soon
