good morning everyone do you like my
look today
Gracie yet simple cream I'm getting my
hair done tomorrow because my roots are
really bad sorry I can't be bothered
doing anything my headset it's just a
chill day I'm gonna just appear this any
good hospital later last night I put
some stuff in the slow cooker overnight
soaked and filthy sore I did to Qumran a
few little tiny gourmet carrots couple
onions a potato and then a whole pumpkin
vegetable stock onion powder curry
powder
I'm nutmeg salt and pepper I think
that's it
maybe cotton garlic lots of garlic and a
little bit of ginger
so now just got a blends it all together
with look some almond milk or something
it is who needs a haircut
do you need a hit
I'm currently it is hanging at this
makeup look hold on I'll show you this
will look so that'll probably be out by
the time you say this bloke to be honest
I have no idea what to call it Thor it's
really pretty I like it
next I'm taking the shade at Frisch by
anastasia beverly hills and just putting
that on the brow bone i'm taking the
shade and i even used this eyeshadow and
so long is a chanel I should are it's
like a creamy powder use yay done so it
is now 11:55 a.m. I'm going to vlog now
and have some soup for lunch the soup
that I made so I'll show you how it
looks now so here's how it looked I
added some more salt and pepper on top
and it's this like vegan cream cheese
stuff it's by that same brain as tofutti
it tastes really good
yeah that's lunch bt-dubs this blue
snowball I think I got it off it was
either Amazon or B H and H photography
or whatever that shop is online if you
search being H or B H&H or something I
don't know yeah it's just the pink
snowball microphones what I use for my
voiceovers exporting now 12:45 and my
mom should be here so I'm gonna go for
another walk he wanted to sit on me
didn't you yeah
scissors just so you know mums coming
now so do you wanna go for a walk huh
he's like today you're right Johnny go
for a walk
did you hear that my casual sports bra
sitting there did you get that
wait you find they're from such a bully
just got change tree for a walk mum's
going away
we were real gutted because on Friday
last Friday it is now Tuesday the 20th
last Friday a family man was meant to
get surgery again and then what happened
that got put off and then there were
meat to get it yesterday and then that
was put off because the iniquitous was
sick which start and it's just like we
want to get in there I did a big
snapchat I'm a little like not a little
not right but just explanation about it
all and yeah it was meant to happen
basically the surgery it's like not even
what surgery we wanted to have if that
makes it seems like so family member
Winton for one thing my birthday family
member was meant to get surgery then had
a fall and then legs weren't working got
rushed to Wellington Hospital for spine
surgery and then it was too weak and
then got finally got to come back to
part mr. north
and then the senator who tries to we
can't get the proper surgery that they
were admitted into hospital for in the
first place because two week so we're
doing like a temporary bypass kind of
surgery thing instead until my family
members a little bit better can eat
because they haven't eaten in a month in
a bit um I mean not this means I just I
feel even a tiny bit without giving away
too many details on exactly what's
happening just for privacy reasons but a
lot while I was waiting for mum I could
open up a couple of mail items
though he's fighting his leagues with
anyways yeah I'll open up a couple of
mail items while I wait the sun's just
coming out yay my vlog just not to
here's some of the early people shout
out to all of you guys hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog so first off I've got a
bunch of these karisye professional eye
shows up her they're amazing and got a
little palette as well to put them in
these little a such nice colors mm-hmm
this one it's kind of hard to see on
camera so I also got these goodies it's
calling it is in oh it's a bit squashed
just think I think and then I got this
black headed clearing gel I got some
stuff from an Etsy shop I bought as
myself they're little spiders the
Halloween tutorials the Black Widow I
think I also got these hair clips for a
tutorial and they're not from it this
place I got a giant spider headpiece boy
wants to play with it and know if this
was expensive cute what they say it was
I met my auntie Tracy's house for dinner
with my Nana and granddad
she made this sleek and mushroom I think
like a top was so good so good
