good morning so I just got up and I
thought I would show you how like I
finished off the pumpkin soup so I
cooked all night it looks like this I
just poured a little bit of just regular
soy milk in there I'm going to blend it
all up now smells really good the whole
house smells like pumpkin soup right now
it's pretty good look at him got my
table was like piloted by friggin mud
it's been raining so bad the last couple
days Hey
living the life seriously I wish I was
Lily
he has such a good life gonna take him
for a walk in a bit hi little pumpkin
what's doin
I am showered and now I'm going to put
away some clothes before my mom gets
here she is coming on my trip to Italy
with me and Hamish because I'm going to
do some blogging about my brushes and
other stuff and we're also gonna have a
little holiday tour so mom's coming over
soon so we can book at all and then
we're gonna go off to the hospital
afterwards I think giving her lunch fist
and then hospital but I just thought
while I was waiting cuz I finished my
video I uploaded that that's ready for
tomorrow I will tidy up in the meantime
he comes loose Hey so yes everybody done
my editing uploading thumbnail made that
soup hit a shower him in exercise yet I
think we're going for a walk soon too
Oh actually I think what we're doing is
looking at League going to like coming
back walking the dogs thing going to the
hospital because my family member has
some more of our family there this
morning so we'll go afterwards I'm
looking for to seeing her so the stuff
on the floor is almost done there's some
rubbish and socks and stuff right away
but Nick's suitcase that last suitcase
was from Sydney believe it or not no way
it was the last time I went to Melbourne
it was when I went to Melbourne in in
Queenstown this is the new Melbourne
trip man I started I'm taking a nice
sort out this one more cuz this actually
does have dirty clothes in it so
I need to figure out what's going on
what's dirty and then put the clean
stuff away
I got the corn pretty
that's good I'm gonna simin bagel okay
how much do ever a walk they're not
interested when Hamish chefs food who
wants to go for a walk no don't wanna go
for a walk don't want to go for a walk
come on mean come on dude go for a walk
Lily so look he wants food he wants to
go for a walk he doesn't know what he
wants
it's a beautiful day it's so hot
kind of a diva
come on he's trying to play is just
really bad just so awkward honey he's
panicking cuz he can't get to me say
what did you get we're just off to the
hospital now and then me and Hamish and
they have dinner and then go out for a
movie tonight so I'll vlog later for you
feeling a lot better I think it's like
the good weather as well you know fully
my family members donor I'd say she was
so happy yesterday it's definitely made
I think everyone feel happier so I just
got back from well I'm at the hospital
it's kind of blocked by the building
there it is hey I'm just going home now
I mean Hamish gonna have dinner I've got
a drop off mum fist and then oh we are
going to the movies tonight I think
we're seeing what's it called blueish
project - I think I think that's what he
wants to say he's like here we go today
I was like yes
there's a guy a thief so here's my
outfit of the day my glycerin shoes
misguided it jeans and then this is from
misguided as well
this is from I caught them on and then
I'm just wearing a little choker
hopefully loser I just cannot be bullied
properly addressing myself to do we're
at this new place
an iceberg looks really good
I really really really want this so good
I am such a failure at life it was
amazing that I got the sushi so we just
got out of the Blair Witch to the movie
and it was like captain jump-scare of
this entry
pretty scary I feel like it's very
similar to the last one I don't know
what do you guys think if anybody seen
it it's still pretty good I'm not gonna
spoil you spoil it and tell you guys
what happens bad I mean it's like I
didn't do the last one it's just like
some of the stuff is very similar but I
guess that's to be expected so this is
the same movie I don't know how we go
home I'm gonna go to sleep I feel like I
need to like cut so that's here cuz it
just like hangs on my face at the moment
like it's just grown so long like I
don't know what to do with it I also
don't want to cut it but I'll talk to
you guys soon hopefully I
