good morning it's Saturday today I'm
celebrating my birthday with Prince
still my birthday and like states and
stuffs over its totally valid hamish
made a delicious green juice Rufus
what's in this one is the usual thing
Hale and stuff oh so that's up Kimi for
Kiwi boom
and this arrived from benefit Saturday
delivery I already hit a peak Lilly
Vuitton benefit seriously I too kind
they spoil me spoil me rotten hi
gorgeous happy birthday from the benefit
girls hope you have a fabulous and
glamorous days spent with her - your
pictures and family love from benefits
thank you guys so much
love you guys look how adorable this is
thank you guys so much I love it so cute
so this let me ask them here they also
gave me what's up my favorites and Posey
balm stay don't stray in the Bravo
conditioning primer it's my favorite
price I love these bombs for like just
no makeup makeup and stuff like that
when you just want something a little
you know a little bit of something on
your lip this is such a war
good morning guys I thought I would try
and vlog today I'm so tired right now I
just woke up and we got back from
Melbourne yesterday we had a trip
planned there so yeah we just got back
yesterday and now it's like 8 a.m. on
Wednesday and I'm just so tired and my
teeth hurt so bad I've been grinding my
teeth really really badly the last
couple weeks and it literally has made
my teeth feel so sensitive I need to
like your mouth got a set although I am
getting into there's a line really
really soon so I'm just about to pop my
new video
I remember what we do it is I think it
might be my kids makeup challenged
everything up today I'm just so out of
it I'm so tired it's really got like the
grinding has made at the sides of my
face puffed out like it feels hard like
the muscle or something
ah it's quiet or I just don't know how
to stop grinding my teeth they look like
and with their heaps of teeth grinding a
little while ago it's just come again
full force and why Keith hurt its makeup
challenge where I have to do like a full
face of makeup using kids makeup so I
went online shopping and got hits and
hits and kids makeup
here's more and some more there's quite
a lot of stuff here hopefully I have you
know something for every on this land
it's up go check it out if you haven't
seen it already
well I have one really blue shirt and
you're ready for this so my video is up
and I'm just making sure this way so it
was all good for this video that's going
up I think maybe next week is it I don't
know some sponsored one sponsored by
Sephora which is really exciting for
like a really glowy skin look and I'm
obsessed with it like I tried it I
didn't think I'd like it because it's no
bronze in no contouring but I actually
really do love it I think it's really
really really pretty for the daytime
then after I've done this I think I'm
gonna go have a workout get some
groceries and then head over to the
hospital Hamish is making a juice right
now did you miss me
ah uploading again alright I'm going to
put my camera on charge now because it
is blinking at me makers miss I need to
wash it today ready for the gym I'm
gonna go to the gym come home get ready
do groceries head to the hospital by the
way long time no talk obviously I
haven't vlogged in a while and I've
noticed a lot of people recently being
like why have you stopped blogging bla
bla bla I thought most of you guys knew
but obviously not everyone does because
no one follows me on social media but I
just had for the last month it's my
birthday
typical boy something bit my birthday
one of my family members has been in
hospital and I've tried multiple times
to vlog and it just has not happened
because I am just not feeling like
myself I guess it's really weird like
I'm okay um I've been spending a lot of
time Hospital and doing a lot of work
and a lot of sleeping so you haven't
really been vlogging because I just
couldn't deal with it really like it's
just not a good time and the vlog
footage would just be horrible like even
today I feel like I'm such a downer but
um I just felt like vlogging so I am
hopefully you guys don't mind it's just
like you know Louie trotting across the
bag just then Hamish made me a juice
we've been having this like every day
for the last month for breakfast haven't
had smoothies lately
this is flexi royal kale apple kiwi
fruit and what else carrot spinach
something water it's so good I'll talk
to you guys in a sec I just made a joke
on Twitter about how all those girls
that do workout videos online on
Facebook and Twitter and stuff the hair
looks perfect their skin tone is all
like even makeup perfect and then
there's me I'm a real-life be true right
now I bought this bottle recently this
isn't sponsored I bought it myself from
was it the big bottle code it was so
good as made me drink so much more water
like the other day I drink two of these
and these are 2.2 liters I believe but
I've been drinking at least one of these
every day like today I've drunk a lot at
the gym like I drank I think a liter in
a bit not just at the gym but a drunker
at the gym in in this morning
and I just refilled this one up right
now I'm going to try and finish that by
the end of the day as well so god I've
noticed such a big difference in my skin
like my under eye area like it's still a
little bit puffy because I've been
traveling and eating bad food blasts
like this weekend but lately I've been
really good and especially before I went
to Melbourne there was like no line just
here but hopefully in a couple of days
that it will reduce again and my skin
just hasn't really been breaking out
they match this is the first one I've
had in a while this one here but I did
just have my period so I don't know if
there's got something to do with it or
not I don't know we're gonna go do some
groceries now and then I'm going to go
off and see my family member by the way
I also have mail that I'll show you
there later okay this looks really gross
but I promise it's not gross
I got this stuff it's got broccoli D it
looks pretty so I want to try it
that dirty cover
got some stuff a mom she house it so she
doesn't washing here I'm off to see her
now then we are going to the hospital so
I will talk to you guys later tonight I
will do some mail and stuff later too so
it's 7 p.m.
actually 654 p.m. so she grabs my skin
birtherism sell it under there somewhere
I'm just trying this trick where you cut
the pumpkin in half and put it in a dish
with a little bit of water you cook it
for a bit see if it's easier to peel off
the skin and cut it up and everything
because I've got a lot of pumpkin to
cook my granddad had some pumpkins out
of his garden that was starting to go
bad so I told him that take them home
sort them out and make them some pumpkin
soup so that's what I'm just checking on
tonight so I can put some tomorrow but
another one here see the salm estrange
go up and down the bottom but i just cut
away all the bad stuff because there's
no use wasting it when it comes to fruit
and veg I'm very much like they don't
know some people are really grossed out
about that kind of thing but I don't
really care I just cut off the bad stuff
and continue I don't know anything it
just turned up one more pumpkin - oh God
I can't lift it with one hand
that's Hebe hey Louie hi was DS is it a
pumpkin what is that I will play with it
yay anywho I want to see what's in this
gigantic box top to my hips
yes I am short inside the box is another
box and then a pile of bubble wrap oMG
what's in it is back huh alright
can't let me in I can't reach yes Louie
we've opened it up ooh what is it locket
foundation looks like these heaps of
stuff in here like the concealer um like
powder nothing do you mind even ripped
that Surya Hey yes I have not unpaired
you guys know me and they got back
yesterday oh you bet me
look at it you guys this is like
reusable as well like for sure so it's a
couple brushes and then a bunch of
different concealer
Shay's they look perfect for me as well
their primer more brushes the sitting at
particle packaging foundations I don't
think I've tried this have I is this the
same as that one that I used to have I
can't remember
I don't know this the primer is well and
then the shades if I haven't tried this
before do a first version otherwise I
kept me prefer try it is this near
because I tried that other one by kept
on day that real full coverage is that
this or is this different I don't know I
have to google it
you're right deserves okay so I chopped
up everything and some onion headed
curry powder veggie stock salt and
pepper and garlic in here I'm just going
to let that slow cook overnight and then
taste it tomorrow if it needs something
else or edit in I completely forgot
about carrot and stuff but it's not
going to fit in there anyway so
hopefully it tastes good just by itself
which I'm sure it will this is it loaded
by the way I just got this really messy
and really messy when I cook I have a
way more mail but I'm gonna wait until
tomorrow to open it I get time because
it's now seven o'clock no 8 o'clock and
I am ready to climb in beard I was me to
unpick tonight but probably not going to
happen
got my mask pure event on got my youtube
teeth and I decided that I have the
Lupin so now first look at these are
really really cute shoes I got off Peggy
Marie calm I need to try to monster I
actually got this just before I went off
to Australia on Friday but I was like
packing and leaving so and it tried them
on yet they are still cute the colour is
so nice as well like way nicer than what
you're seeing in the sliding in the
camera it's like a really nice dark kind
of taupe I also bought myself this from
Peggy Marie calm this is like a blazer
was so cute that when I saw it I head to
Heaven I got the biggest size so it's a
bit like oversized hopefully so this is
how it looks so hard for me to show you
but it's just like a really long dusty
pink kind of blazer top let play and
sent me some stuff by the way I got so
much mail when I was not blogging and I
I Billy could be a bothered opening it
that sounds really bad like sounds like
a mongrel word or a minute like I'm
ungrateful I just was not in the mood
you know I mean I'd like to open my mail
on camera with you guys and because I
wasn't flogging like I don't know I just
didn't want to do it so eventually I
think I did too big snapchat hauls so
follow me on snapchat because I guess
I'll do them when I don't feel like
vlogging because I'm not promising on
daily vlogs right now I'm doing my best
to you guys I can't even talk proper so
I got this super cute card here which
says hi Shannon we're hoping you'll fall
in love with the newest members
available and family let us know what
you think the Emery's a collection
that's the only thing I really heard
from Emery being there's anything I
really have it from lip line at the
moment and that lipstick by Samantha so
the shade here is baked amber easy this
one here is spotlight Lois so entreat
and then there's a bunch of just other
liquid lipsticks hopefully you can see
what those shades are called I guess
I'll just open them all like tomorrow
when I clean up hopefully I get time to
clean up Lily don't look at my face mask
he just licked it and more and more and
more of the amrezy what's this one
called retrograde so yeah
it's really exciting as so many yay if
you know of any heliplane colors that
you love Lois don't eat there if you
know of any colors that you know you
know you want to see in a video then
just let me know maybe I'll show you the
shades when I am tidy up tomorrow if I
put these away tomorrow I've got so much
makeup to put away you guys like it's
crazy I've got like a huge box full he's
straight-up just biting the edge of
their mind CS what are you doing it's
all squashed loose
I also got see this Antipodes Savior
skin bomb which is good for all of these
things here and it is $20 got some stuff
from it two things I wonder if this yeah
I think this is the Christmas collection
I have no idea when is that it doesn't
actually say on this piece of paper get
little Christmas decorations with lip
injection and melted lipsticks and then
everything else is wrapped in this cute
toothpaste packaging I don't even want
to like open it up I want to save it for
myself a Christmas except you know I've
got to show you guys so first is this
two-faced dollhouse box this is
Christmas in New York vanilla-scented
this is it so freaking cute oh my gosh
oh so pretty is also this little glow
highlight and blush kit and look how
cute this brushes it's actually really
soft as well and then you get a little
tiny love flush and then a little tiny
candlelight glow and a little tiny snow
buddy so freaking cute and then there's
this naughty kisses and sweet cheeks
which is blushes and lip injection
glosses ice melted lipstick set so you
get a melted chocolate a couple of
melted and then a melted matte and then
this dollhouse box you get the bit of
insects the palate and then you know
here's with colors and everything so
cute so it's got three separate pellets
and then the little lid and the last
staff is your Jojo everywhere stuff lip
creams lip toppers highlight is look how
pretty the light is not hitting these
right like they look so much better in
real life so glowy and then heaps of the
liquid lipsticks good night everyone
I'll talk to you guys soon hopefully
