my shoulder hurt seen good morning it is
Emma Thursday it's the day before my
birthday really nervous because I feel
like every year on my birthday so in bad
happens like every year so I'm really
scared about what's going to be tomorrow
no think positive I'm an Hamish got the
mail this morning look what arrived that
new game no man's sky so thank you
PlayStation in seed force a new net to
us Hamish is really excited about it now
it's more mail as well which you need to
open but I'll probably do that a little
bit later I really feel like filming so
I'm going to attempt to film today I
might try and do it tutorial with the
nikkietutorials power of makeup is that
what it's called power of makeup palette
by Too Faced I think I was thinking I
was like I feel like filming but I don't
know what to do and I want to do
something a little bit different they
just neutrals I don't know what I feel
like doing I thought that Pat would be
good because there's like neutrals in
colors and I don't know it looks really
pretty so I'm gonna try it out it's
gonna be so good I already know it
because Nick is just like incredible so
I already know what's going to be
amazing
okay I caved open the mail cuz there's
only a couple so I got something from
collection Cosmetics palette yeah one of
my favorite mascaras that does it all so
my favorite concealer lose what shades
are these shade two and shade one
perfect then this looks new divine
bottom lash life's imperfection powder
contour kit highlights got that oh she
looks like a pretty highlighter it looks
quite shimmery and then the last in
color and mulberry burst thank you so
much then this I think is from Clinique
by the way I'm back to wearing my own
Fitbit I've been forgetting to put it on
like every single day so I'm trying to
get back into the rhythm oh pretty what
a tease
oh wait and oh seven what are they
called I don't even know what they are
caique pop liquid matte they go cool the
packaging is so that cute I really like
it and they're in Buena Park clove pop
and cute pop lipsticks here these look
matte because the arm actual packaging
has met all of their packaging I love
silver packaging I've been stuck on this
page for 10 minutes now I'm giving up
someone else can take it just doing if
the patient so I go film
so here's my makeup it's a first
impression on the hourglass stick
foundation well I'm doing one at the
moment and then my makeup using the
nikkietutorials palette if you like my
makeup just I don't know I can't get
good selfies today I don't know what it
is
the yeah I'm going to take off this lip
color since I'm going to eat now I'm
going to go make some lunch okay I'm
just going some rose Fiji's for lunch
and some quinoa I like that some spinach
lunch
finish my lunch and look what turned up
my mom sent me flowers happy birthday
for tomorrow darling I want to go first
love your mum can't believe this time 24
years ago I knew I'd be having you
within the next 24 hours love you so
much and and beyond proud of the
beautiful person you are so nice thanks
mum probably that's my birthday tomorrow
doesn't feel real
so start for dinner I'm eight camera
it's orange camera and then hummus and
cream cheese and avocado tomato lettuce
and garlic pumpkin seeds in spinach film
I'm using the glam glow thirsty mud mask
and it feels so nice smell so it smells
like McIntosh lollies like the honeymoon
yeah you basically leave it on for 10 or
20 minutes wipe it all for massage then
or you can sleep with it on and let it
soak it overnight go huge fumbles I need
to like put some of that drying out
stuff on it tonight
so hopefully to be gone by the weekend I
don't want pimples for my birthday
no it's gonna watch some TV I'm so full
I couldn't finish dinner so much work
good morning everyone I just got back
from the gym it's my birthday it's
Friday the 12th of August I've got some
more flowers from McLaren Adrian from
makeup code OMG look look how pretty
they are
and I've got some from them and then as
well look how pretty it's so pretty I
love to Lily
what's a carrot if you wanna carrot oh
this way sit good boy stay bigger oh go
he needs his nails done don't you but so
I wake you up
anyways I'm just cleared off memory
because something you do my makeup now
even though I'm not going out to a
dinner tie but I just feel like doing my
makeup I just put some all the plate
stuff my hair update you later want to
see you know if I think it made my hair
feel nice or anything obviously it's
weird at the moment I'm just looking at
your drag for a while my skin's actually
quite good at the moment got a couple of
scars but like there's no actual pimples
and really stoked about it my 10 is good
today is a good day so far hamish has
gone out inside and going out like where
you go he's like a new business I was
like hmm I wonder if this birthday
related or what I'm sure we've also find
out he's been so sweet all day um so
yeah that's the plan I'm gonna go do my
makeup and just relax I'm gonna do a get
ready with me style video with like
music and stuff I might do a voiceover
obviously he'll ago probably will sit
there and do my makeup and I've no idea
what I'm doing I feel like doing a
little pop of color or something but
we'll see
Hamish got me flowers we go pretty there
and I got me some rings as well one of
them actually already ahead because it
company sent it to me so he's going to
exchange it but these are the other two
they're so pretty I love the pink one is
special it's so nice so yeah I just feel
my birthday makeup this is it I did like
a little pop of green to represent my
birthstone and then my lectures EXO
Beauty the soulmate I need to like put
some black over top the glitter but I'm
able to right now or delete it my hair
honestly it looks so shiny alright oh
there's the old place we'll just the
other treatments I was using but it does
feel really nice like it feels really
manageable even when it was wet it
wasn't on annachi
so no okay try it I'll try it a few more
times like I might just do it like once
every month or something like that just
as like a deep treatment I don't have to
do research I don't even know that so if
anyone knows how to use that all the
plates step three like well like how
often I should use it lemon are pretty
sure you're supposed to use it in
between bleaches so yeah I might just
use it a couple times in between each of
my hair colors I also got these red
flowers from Elizabeth Arden so thank
you so much to the team it was with
Arden New Zealand just so pretty
I'm just being spoiled with flowers
today
I completely forgot to take you with me
we just popped into town I got a new
chair I probably have chips in my teeth
I say some chips and dip because it's my
birthday and I can do what I want so
good we went and got some groceries as
well got some stuff tomorrow so I could
do some fighters up for my friends that
come over at night time or if we come
during the day out and I want the plants
out yet we're definitely going out for
dinner and cocktails but I don't know
what we're doing before and after we're
just going to see what happens and see
what the weather's like hukum a high
light looks in this lighting and got
Louie a toy hey who's got one too but he
doesn't have it with him at the moment
no no um so yeah tonight is my birthday
done I think I already said with family
so I'm really looking forward to seeing
everyone and you don't know what else to
tell ya I think I just got the exact
same tree as I got last time I know it
is different it's definitely different
it's just from freedom finishes actually
quite comfy it's got a good amount of
padding on it hey Neil a big boy with
your pink toy there it is I'm so cool
one of my subscribers sent me these cute
kid fins
look at them they're really pretty and
some chocolate searchy one of my
favorite kinds of chocolate like I'm not
a big chocolate person but I like
there's like I don't know they taste so
much better than normal chocolate thank
you so much rose that was really kind of
you and you guys I do have so much more
power box mail to open it's in the boot
at the moment so I'll do that at some
stage to the courier drop this one off
for some reason
I have no idea why ready to go this
jacket is from Peggy Murray skirt is
from spray and my top is why folks
boutique
anything to drink
because only that I do they have to
purchase from them
a little bit fumes get after laughs
ice-cream cake was this year my fav ones
YUM
