hey everyone so I just got back from the
gym a little while ago as you can
probably see I've just been going on my
like by quite a high resistance lately I
drew 20k and Alla that I just do it
really really hot and my butt died for
like three days straight so--but it's
probably just because I'm notice to fit
as before as well because I took so long
off the gym yeah slowly getting back
into it now I'm definitely feeling a
better I'm not as tired and sluggish all
the time is so weird and if you didn't
know if you don't know what I'm talking
about I'm talking about the whole
cortisol thing it's definitely calmed
down a bit but yeah I need to get no
blood tears so no I don't want to do it
I have so much mail here and so open
that later I feel so like out of it I
don't know why I'm like I think it's
just cuz I got anything she wanted me to
be saying right now it's actually
Tuesday gentle flow just today I had a
massive clean-out I mean dropped off
heaps of clothes it there like charity
bins and stuff today I probably got rid
of half of my clothes like it's pretty
crazy so room looks clean and tidy for
once cuz I don't have clothes everywhere
because seriously the amount of clothes
I get seen and then of course I buy some
as well because I'm stupid I just end up
like everywhere on the floor and stuff
because is actually physically and we're
room for them like in the wardrobe and
like over the air still what heats more
to sort out later today I want to try
and film now so yeah that's what I was
getting to if anyone think I'm gonna
film now it was our first film now and
then I open my mouth later on because
yeah priorities it's really funny look
at this
that's my filming room I don't really
know how long I'm gonna be able to film
for like is this done oh my god it's
like blinding me the Sun bounces off
this roof straight into my window and
the lighting goes really really bad so
yeah I'm going to hint to film I might
do a fist and push and so I will at
least get that done you know what I mean
Nina if it goes well I'll continue and
film a little bit of I am
makeup tutorial or something as well so
I probably need to fake tan a little bit
I also feel like a smoothie so I'm gonna
make that now
mmm the spinach didn't grind up properly
so I just turned on my artificial
lighting to show you my makeup because
it's so sunny and it's shut their code
and before my makeup like melted me
anyways here's my makeup of the day
looks so much better in natural lighting
but the litter and some different colors
I use like tails purples a little bit of
bluey green so there you go and then I
am also filming a first impression on me
Melania conceal and perfect two and one
foundation so great okay I've got pros
and cons I love how it looks but yeah
there's some cons as well so keep an eye
out for the first impression at the
moment I am stubbing so I make some soup
I reckon for lunch we've got so much
soup that I need to finish in the fridge
I'm making it to matter soup for lunch
just something easy yes I like Spanish
soap I know most people think it's like
the most revolting thing ever
and no I don't drink tomato juice tomato
juice is revolting and they like tomato
surpass my Nana used to give it to me
my great-grandma she's passed away now
but she's to give it to me as a kid and
every time I eat it it's like I'm a food
I love a swimmer just one of my
favorites especially when it's like real
creamy YUM
so these are the clothes I've got to put
away or sort through get rid of some put
the rest away and then no mail mail man
mail flix to the mail fest I got days
except I'm supposed to have two bags
about three bags I don't know whether
they sent me one I got it from like my
beauty box or something like that
they're just like little diamond D
things for the interpreters some of my
kids makeup because makeup challenge I'm
still waiting for some to come some
stuff and I also got some Marissa Boyle
trying this new brand because it was
really really cheap
this is all just awful I herb the link
is down below I was also sent in vest
which I'll probably put in a giveaway
because I've created got this but it is
the Luminizer sisters they Mary Lou
Cindy Lou and video so there's like a
shimmery bronzer blush II color and then
the highlighter of course yay color
published shipping at world word from
the twirled exclude and try in Turkey I
wished I was shipping internationally
when I had my collection with them
because it was such a bummer most of my
subscribers couldn't even get it but
anyways there's some new stuff this is
the staycation lovey steps collection
yeah other colors brink looks so pretty
some mini liquid lipsticks and a
mile-high fist over super shock shadow
collection beautiful colors both
crostini this highlight it and weird
arrow drive it looks beautiful like a
golden color I'll put a discount code
down below if you guys were free and
they more colour-pop goodies hello life
rosy red violets are blue kiss a whole
rainbow its entire eyes to Judah popular
demand will be relaunching airtight eyes
limited quantities available
yeah I've seen people who see pictures
of their rainbow I've lost one but you
get the idea
Capri this one is so pretty so got this
cute little Lady Jane tingle /
detangling hairbrush rose gold color you
use Todd and Leah mink needs fair lashes
do not cruelty free lashes $30 or $12
age $9 lash adhesive available 6 of
October no septum--ah I'm so bad at that
I'm so gonna try the glue oh it's suck
here look looks like a makeup bag in
here the different styles they're quite
natural ones these ones are incredibly
natural these ones here yes still quite
natural she's really long animes of the
thicker ones it's still quite natural
and some cool applicator tweezers
alright so we just hang out for dinner I
go through half of those clothes but not
all of them so this is my outfit it's
just really basic I gotten people
loosing myself Nicolas is Veronica Bay
this is from surpri jacket is from
misguided the skirt is it glistens I'm
swinging types oh no oh no and I have
any more I'm just gonna pretend that has
not happened yuck I hate it when they
run like they look so young again I'm
gonna wear my misguided boots I'm still
filming my first impression to soldier
my last update after I get back from
dinner later
someone sent me this today and I laughed
so much looks like that picture I took
her myself today
so I finished off my filming for the
night before and now I have on the Leo
Ali pore tightening and cleaning PEC
mask Leo le I love this one it like it
really helps it clean out all of your
pores and like tightens up your pores
yeah absolutely exfoliate your face as
well it looks so cool when it's on it's
like real smooth see I doing that and
we're watching some Made in Chelsea yes
mister I like to lick blankets because
I'm weird so I read your comments that
other time I talked about it so many
people saying that there does look weird
things too like windows and doors and
like all sorts of random stuff it's so
weird it's rough ended when I try to
stop them ice can feel so soft
now that's yes Moreau Hey
