good morning everyone it is almost 11
o'clock already
I went to the gym this morning and think
about to late-teen something who shower
washed my hair and now I've got this
origins drink up a face mask on because
my skin feels so dehydrated right now oh
yeah I love this much you just like wipe
it off after like you know 15 minutes
and it makes your skin feel so like soft
and supple so yeah hamish may be adduced
before i've got some mail to open up but
i'll do that later i'm gonna do a little
bit of work i'm hope you don't get
enough time to go through my wardrobe
later i'm gonna actually do some
research on some formulas for some
stuffing so really now and edit some
videos is a vlog I'm a Goomer with salad
for lunch
half a camera and then ever color tomato
onion and garlic and manage volumes
I remember if I told you but we are
going to rotor or this weekend leaving
tomorrow morning early sorry's are my
makers so wait still I'm just letting it
air dry don't like damage it much more
so we're going to turn now to grab a
rain jacket because it is terrible with
us it's been raining all day it's just
stopped this means to be raining a
murderer like whole weekend so I need a
proper proper rain jacket like when I
can wear outdoors for a decent amount of
time without getting it drenched
because I love my rain jackets are
really just like water resistant they're
not really waterproof so that's the plan
honey love you yeah 60% off give it to
me
that's pulling the fingers a getting
this
I've just finished work and we just want
some pizza cuz we've got like no food
left in the house and we don't hit
groceries because we're not back till
Tuesday so we're going to Rotorua for a
couple nights and then up to Auckland
and then home again now I've got some
mail so I'm going to show you quickly so
this is all from Elizabeth Arden what's
in here we have a Juicy Couture yay it's
my collection and then each of these
there provide anti-aging foundations SPF
30 awesome
a copy of this packaging is for the
foundation I'm gonna steal the bottle
let me know if you want to see me use
that in a video let's smell this it's so
pretty it smells really good
she's couture what's this actually gold
just I hot Juicy Couture I guess so good
so good so good so get more metallics
from Oprah by the way of a discount code
for now I'll put it down below my
Kylie's stuff arrived I go out hits lip
gloss a zygote double ups of some so I
could do giveaways and then more liquid
lipsticks for giveaways and stuff I
think there's only like one and he all
that he had that shake Kristin that was
a new one so I got a couple of them and
then just some others that we're online
forgive aways as well sneak peek and
then the last thing here is we know you
love your smoothies and thought you
would like to try this new product
everything especially no smoothies it's
also dairy-free start with 1 tablespoon
with your water and other ingredients
I'm in milk powder oh because I like I'm
a milk so I guess it's just like cottage
on milk yeah we can you buy it oh my
gosh there's lots of different ones it's
a coconut almond and soy here's the
pricing up the top and we can buy it
well they didn't give me a thin one I
clicks then I made sure your false alarm
it is thin crust and it tastes amazing I
do everyone got in the Kahler beeping in
the back which is driving we're on the
desert road now that way to Rotorua it's
like snowing a little obviously like now
you probably want turn off the
windscreen wipers receipt yeah it's just
shooting into water straight line but
there's a little bit of s'more but
luckily that does the roads open because
we're worried it's gonna be shot but
yeah so we're just gonna wrote a road
now I've no idea what we're joined today
by I'll vlog cuz yeah we're gonna go to
losing tomorrow I'm gonna take the GoPro
this time because last time we went
lodging
I like missed myself up so bad I like
was like barrel rolling down the coast I
might well I'm gonna do it again I might
as well blog it so we can get some moles
it leaves a mere skinny apart from when
they play fetch have you seen on YouTube
and they jump around it's the cutest
thing ever you should say it look at him
he's angry I get skipped Oh blimey like
they look really vicious here's our room
this is one of the army rooms where you
can like it at rotate because Pitman's
in the army
did pretty good like 44 dollars a night
if everybody in Hamish go take this room
like so cheap stay here so we're gonna
go the luge and stuff tomorrow that's
where most of my vlog will be it's not
we're just going for like dinner and
stuff so yeah not much to vlog
we've just been driving around and we
got some dunkin donuts and coffee a
before and that's literally all we've
done
hey everyone so I forgot my last Mac
some dummy camera behind they all died
but say so we were doing fun stuff so of
local today we're going to the vlog
we're going to the Lucia
and I think we're doing the sky swing
and I bought the GoPro so if I fall off
you'll be able to say alright someone
falls off in front of me go say because
it's been raining so I feel like it's
got to be really smooth freezing it's
really cold
so yeah it has Lauren's birthday which
is awesome why don't you get it drunk I
don't know I stood there
here we go zipline movie so fun
look at mountain biking like is that
scary
oh I see em I see em I saw a river
we're gonna make John go on that this is
so cool I went on at once and never
games it's scariest but it's cool get
more on the court bow Lauren's birthday
so I pay for you get on there
John's on there yeah and John O's on
there Lauren you have to do the coin
Laurens losing her how beautiful it
is him
nice beer just terrifying as well
down here how much to make I was like yo
have fun
oh no to the background they're crying I
mean the Baker behind them laughing oh
no it's not
it's been on there what was it the
scenic one yeah we went on the scenic my
head looks so big helmet Chris passed
everyone he's such a booster that we
caught up cuz we went into groups and
there was like five and frat no for for
the girls win yeah the last five guys
when we were just caning it
Chris came up pass all your girls yeah I
mean McHale is like wow she was doing
really speeding these two girls it just
like stopped Oh God oh no I thought one
of the gills with Jana Heather
so we just finished up literally like if
you come to road or this is like the
number one thing you hate to do it's
like the basic you can drink it now
we're gonna go to wingspan which is also
amazing I love it this yeah yeah look
how pretty it is right he does always
have a big shake of and generally with
the law
