where in the world is superwoman today a
hot rod India whatever going to girls
still woman and yes I am in India right
now for my book tour right off the bat
shameless plug I'm also going to all of
these other places
to get your tickets link in the
description WL in silicon / tour just
saying okay enough of that maybe cuz I'm
traveling so much I've been in airports
a lot and airports are always fun said
no one ever
jk jk there all right I mean I didn't
get to depend those McDonald anyways
here other types of people you will for
sure see in airport number one the
liquid smugglers so you're waiting in
the security line right waiting to put
your stuff onto the belt and walk to the
machine which by the way is for sure
giving all of us some sort of disease I
can't wait until 2050 where we all just
have tails for no reason but anyway
you're about to walk through this
machine and the most annoying thing
about this entire process is that person
who works there that just sounds like a
robot and is all like alright people I
need laptops out by themselves shoes off
everything out of your pockets no water
bottles or liquids in your bags and stay
with your bin and push your bin into the
machine this person annoys me so much
because they're so monotone and
repetitive but you know who's more
annoying than this person the goddamn
passenger that ignores everything this
person is saying I really do not
understand okay there's a sign that
tells you the rule there's a real nice
person yelling out the rules how are you
confused because straight up everything
around you is just like laptops by
themselves and you step up to the spot
like ready shoes off ready no water
bottles ready and without fail every
single time the entire line will be held
up because not only will someone have a
water bottle in their backpack they're
gonna argue about it
just like what
just watering nobody told me about the
water I was never warned about the water
bottle and I'm just standing there with
my goddamn been like since you were
warned about the water more than the
poor people on the goddamn Titanic get
the F out of here bring it to the lines
on focus machine and get a tail you
mother abbott are on the trick
okay the heat is getting to and number
two evil airline staff here's the thing
about airlines - right is there either
Mother Teresa or Baltimore okay there's
no in-between it's either nice or pure
evil you welcome to the little kiosk to
the airport you know where you got to
give your bags and check-in and you're
in a great mood okay you're like I'm at
the airport I'm with one baking let me
go sit for some guys time how are you
and then that chick behind the camera
just like welcome to your tape because
3s I make it a point to be really nice
to that person that's checking me in and
taking my bag because I'm not she's
about to weigh my suitcase and then
cereal my suitcase is 100% overweight my
makeup bag alone weighs like 20 pounds
you know it fills all those with glasses
I never even saw I'm just like hi great
day how was your day
look how personable I am I don't look at
the scale look and people got along my
eras now the limit is 50 pounds I am
overjoyed when I see my suitcases
50-point whining on my point ugh I'm
such a light Packers until this chick
says to me boo that'll be $100
overweight charged and I was like a lot
all over wake up and go I will open up
my suitcase and take out a single q-tip
okay don't be trippin you can't met zero
point one slide this is the fact some of
the airline staff want to make your life
hell just like yes ma'am here's your
boarding pass
if you'd like a seat belt with your seat
that will be an additional $60 oh what's
that what's that so are you and Karen
speak up sir oh you're vegetarian well
we only serve steak so all your question
a window seat okay here's a middle seat
in the middle of the plane to speak that
is a recline I know
number three due to theirs all right
before you walk into the security line
right you go and give your passport and
your boarding pass to someone who is
sitting in that little booth and they
check your document they take a pen
and they scribble something on your
boarding pass and I cannot be the only
person as wondering what that s are you
writing they literally circle random
things and I'll I'm stressed because the
markings on my boarding pass do not look
like my friends boarding pass and I'm
convinced state 100% has flied for me
that's right you know what because my
skin it's dry but you know honestly I
don't think it means anything you know I
think they just all make it up into the
scan to make it look like they have a
process when they really don't try it up
the pelvic just like okay Highness ma'am
circle circle triangle we pretend to
look up and match her face even though
I'm on the wrong page here okay dot dot
now I've got my cootie shot all right
carry on here you go ma'am actually no
wait one second sorry hashtag right
because the dry skin this can usually
drive up with the travel tell is it
don't tell how the weirdest motions you
know like cranberry citrus lemon pepper
cotton candy butt holes all right that's
the video number for baggage bullies so
you landed you've gone through customs
and now you're going to pick up your
luggage the moment you touch your
suitcase you can expect seventeen Porter
people baggage people to come and offer
you to help with your bags I've been
checking on which country you're in
these people can be a little bit more
persistent because in some places around
the world these people will straight up
harass you until you let them help you I
will just be like oh no I'm fine okay
and they'll be like yeah no I'm fine I'm
fine don't help me man day I know I'm
good I really don't any he'll be back
and even though I said no like three
four times somehow this men in the
holding my bag now my fine
help me with my bag I simply cannot
manage and even when you try asking them
I can't know how much is it going to be
like what's the beach they will never
answer you didn't go very well with
depend and it's great of the person
helping me with my bag will be like
that'll be $20 where was the agreement
of sales but where was the point of
transaction why am I getting robbed
right now obviously I'm going to keep
them the money my shop Kristof know what
you know foreign country and get taken
my dad a new young reason call my dad's
like that I've been taken she just liked
you getting married
number five the walking dead crow so now
there are two places in the world I feel
like you would buy sleep deprived
soulless people number one is it your
school library and number two is in the
airport these are the people that are
catching that 6:00 a.m. flight had to
wake up 3:00 a.m.
walking through the airport holding
their pillow wearing their PJs not
giving a shred of an S not only are they
walking like zombies but they will take
every opportunity to get a nap even if
it's for like four minutes and I cannot
stress how much I am this person I get
to my gate I'm like Yolo we got 13
minutes to spare you'll let me catch
some grand sleep real quick
oh Airport things are slick you know you
know they put those armrests dividing
the chair so that you can't lie down and
take a nap with my brush you don't know
me okay I will straight up turn into a
contortionist right now to lie down on
these things I've said before just okay
with my legs this armrest right here
okay with my neck on the battle curve my
 sori time this explains a lot
like this explains a lot and it's not is
that is a workout you better believe I
will find a creative way to take a nap
you can catch me at the airport just
like
he's very aligned along airports because
I love traveling and I love meeting all
of you on tour it's literally my
favorite thing to do speaking of which a
size of the toy you haven't bought my
book yet it is available literally
almost everywhere in the world and in
book stores or even go to kill without
loosing both calm
I'm so happy to announce it in New York
Times best seller for the third week in
a row and I would love to keep this
momentum going and don't listen to me
and read the reviews I feel like people
really like the book so if you want the
book you can get the book that's all
okay fine yeah namaste I hope you
enjoyed that video if you did give it a
thumbs up unfaltering missing uploads
she's really hard with the wine kind of
talk no excuses last view right over
there
long tail vlog poor vlogs right there
make sure success doesn't I give it in
the remind and does it one love
superwoman that is a wrap and go
Michelle
