this about to be a highness and miss
whatever one's a girl superwoman and
I've in the middle of tour I'm back
mentally for my show today that's why I
miss my last Thursday video I'm so sorry
I've tried my best to maintain my
channel while on tour but I've ran out
of Bank video so I didn't want to miss
another view today so I decided yo I'm
gonna make another honest Q&A video a
because if we're being honest I have no
goddamn time to write around or script
and be because I think you'll like the
first one in the honor of honesty and
when no makeup is my on his face you can
see me in the mirror right there I was
like SSS I don't enjoy Chua days
let me hear me when I say I hate pause
because I could never want people on
this channel to have to care about me or
know about me x1 making last access to
an answer so like I don't tackle myself
so an effort to punish myself not punish
myself but also for your entertainment
and since I've already to go on this
road I for every question I answer and
spit on myself B I am going to do
something I hate I think about me
you know there's one thing I despise on
this planet even though maybe normal to
you me I hate I hate and that is
Tomatoes now that might seem dramatic
but I swear tomatoes for me is like the
worst thing I could possibly make myself
endure anyway it's not about me but it
kind of is let's get to the Q&A how this
Halden I didn't ask you for questions
instead I asked my friends to send me
some questions well things they know I'm
insecure about and the goal here is that
there's no BS every answer I give you no
matter how awkward is going to be honest
ready you ready let's go question number
one I'm looking at a laptop by the way
what is the most expensive thing you
bought since making money the most
expensive thing I bought is definitely
this house this house was right
french-kiss I believe I love this also
and no regrets okay let's do this is
road Q&A really think about those next
Ariane bang videos okay number two what
is the biggest misconception about
having a lot of life well soft to quote
Bob Marley's it's the idea that money
makes you rich hold up let me explain my
laptop okay I feel like rich is
subjective and there's not be a psyche I
truly do love a rich it's subjective I
think richness is actually happiness and
I know first time through having money
somebody does not make you happy of
course there's maybe some people in the
comments are like geez
say when you have a lot of money of
course that make thing easier in terms
of like we're just sickly when I travel
XR but actual happiness no check has
ever made me happier than like chillin
with the people I love or doing things I
really enjoyed doing other business
misconceptions I feel rich you have no
problems
that's ridiculous think about all the
problems you have right now I guarantee
you not all of them can be solved by
money and that is not even ridiculous to
think money doesn't make you rich
happiness makes you rich and I know this
because I used to be poor and when I say
that I used to be sad another
misconception is that I do have a lot of
money
you're not cheap like you like to
splurge on my old dude I have a lot of
money because I am she I am the cheapest
person I know
straight up another things we're getting
a real real here a lot of people steps
in it you know you have so much money
one's business
do you know how expensive it is to run
my business think of a number I want you
to do any number it's higher my business
is so expensive to run but that's about
money or Cobra all right yeah what is
the biggest sacrifice you made on this
journey to become superwoman I was
thinking about this the other day the
biggest sacrifice I've made is not sleep
it's not like family time and friend
title puzzles are all valid answers it's
comfort zone I'll think about this after
my first show of yo why do you have a
job like this where you guys press about
show is going to be nervous to go on
stage just to go through shake calm and
you have to go through all of these
things auditions I asked that why did
you do this and I said to myself in on
my job the biggest sacrifice I've made
is comfort zones nothing about my job is
comfortable I don't get to wake up and
say oh it's gonna be a comfortable day
but I get to do same thing I did
yesterday
no it's always like something to be
nervous about something i distress about
and I'm not complaining of actually love
it I think it helps me ball I've
definitely sacrifice comfort zones
I am constantly living an uncomfortable
state
how do people how do people could
pretend to skittles pretend to skittles
if you could go back and redo any of
your YouTube videos which would it be
okay so y'all don't know this but last
Halloween there was a video I worked on
I did a shoot so much money was put into
it not mine actually was a different
company money we shot it and all the
people helping shoot it and I wash and I
was like there's no way in hell this is
going to YouTube because I hate this
videos oh god that much even after all
the time energy and money was put into
it I had to be that douche bag that was
like no not my visions not going out
I'm going to redo that video for this
Halloween so that video would have taken
a year to make and I'm okay with that
because you know time was sure when it
comes to my vision I need my vision to
be executed and if it is not you'll have
no part of it you're seeing the real
Lily right now also you notice I have no
eyebrows actually I kind of one right
now and a mustache look if you have to
sum up your book in three words what
would they be happy about by the way
thank you so much for making a New York
Times bestseller and number one
bestseller in Canada I am overwhelmed
and overjoyed if you don't have it yet
is available in bookstores worldwide and
losing book calm now that I'm done
shamelessly promoting my book three
words subscribe it would be passionate
inspiring and beautiful Nestle being
real if you were CEO of YouTube for a
day what changes would you make to the
platform I list the U of YouTube I would
delete every effing smash or pass
challenge I think that challenge is
trash I think it is the lowest of low we
have reached and it is so superficial
and disgusting in addition I would
delete every single drama or hate
channel I don't give an F I think those
are trash and I think there's enough
negativity in the world and we all need
people putting more negativity out to
the world yeah you can say the whole
freedom of speech but a lot of those
channels are just trash there's
attention-seeking trash and I believe in
promoting what you love not bashing less
you pay less it's the Indian consulate
in Toronto check my Twitter anyways oh
character are character in what way does
your success or fame tinder or bother
you the most this is a good question
sometimes because of my success and
where I am and whatever Fame I have I
feel like I'm not treated like a human
I can definitely save the fact to make
that as in the case there's a lot of
things that happened in my day where
literally I'll just stop and I'll think
to myself well no one in this room
actually thinks I'm a human they think
I'm a robot or like a business but
they're not understanding with human
with a heart and emotions and feeling
they won't tell me to do absurd tasks
that are like immensely tiring and of
course not say yes and do them but I
don't think anyone considers like oh
that probably is really hard to do maybe
we should stop piling this up for her to
do people have literally come up to me
like wow you look like crap today and
they think they can say that to me
because like I make videos where I look
like this sometimes people
some really harsh things are done things
to me where I'm like oh you actually
don't treat me like a human you think
I'm just like this thing this commodity
are you just think I'm just some things
to be collected or experience for you
like I am here for you solely then
should just solely exist on my own
absolutely job if the rock had to leave
on a one-way mission to Mars who would
be your new celebrity crush why can't I
choked at the thought why can't I like
the rock Aziz on Mars I would go to Mars
kind of dropsy question when is the last
time you cried Oh getting deep the last
time I cried honestly was two nights ago
I was going to bed and I just started
crying baby because I was so
sleep-deprived and it'd be because of
the answer I told earlier which is no
one was treating like a human and I was
like crying in my bed and I was like why
did you do this job yeah we're like your
videos everybody wants your analytics
and stats but no one really cares about
you you're all of motor housing bawling
my eyes out protect well
thoughts opinions on clickbait versus
good content where do I begin let me
preface this with saying I think anyone
who puts themselves out on the internet
that takes a lot of courage and I'm not
going to sit here and judge anyone
saying your content is wack and it's
quick big but me personally I am NOT a
fan of clickbait because I'm a fan of
scripted content or like content that
adds value to people's lives whether
it's to make you laugh make you feel
inspired whatever it is YouTube was full
of clickbait and I don't blame those
people because clickbait works even in
some of my videos like I think click
maybe but there's an essence of like me
kind of having some spice I just can't
get myself to do it I can get myself to
make Chris play videos I don't want to
be that person and I don't want my
content to be that I don't care if I get
slightly less views that's fine I just I
want to make content add value and
that's what I want this platform to
represent and so that is my opinion but
to each their own and everyone should do
what makes a mask oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god you should just wrote
the red what's your biggest insecurity
how are you my name is insecurity huh my
biggest insecurity and it's not really
weird is my vagina I started let me
explain let me explain first of all
ladies a lot going on down there okay
but when I change it's like an everyday
occurrence I could change in front
people a lot and my style is people
might change in whatever I will never
change my pants in front of people I
will take my top off and be in my bra
all day long so my
I cannot risk you seeing a crevice of my
vajayjay I just can't I'm so insecure I
don't know I know every girl has one but
maybe you're just looking live and I
can't risk you seeing it and discovering
that okay so my vagina are getting real
honest here
you went one redo day what would you use
it for I don't believe in reduce because
I would like to say that every day was
perfect the way it was supposed to be
for me to reach where I am today I
learned okay but if I could pick a day
it would probably be the day my
grandfather passed away when I found out
he was passing away out in my room
mechnikov video and I just would have if
I had known I would have just spent more
time with him even though he was not in
any type of state to even acknowledge I
would be spending time that I would've
been beside him holding his hand yeah
because I'll always remember that the
day he passed away I was stressing on
making videos Buster's in my room but
when he was alive he saw most time
together so there's no regret last
question is how do you feel about making
persons named saying bad things about
you in their video I love this question
so I'm not going to say the person's
name I not just address this once and
for all since was an honest Q&A every
time any person is said anything about
me on the Internet
I know about it but you also have to
tweet me be my teacher so-and-so said
this about you Liberty and so on so that
discipline if I know about it I just
choose not to exhausted I want to enjoy
all the time I know and the reason I'm
not going to mention any names in this
video is because I have values not
hobbies I don't believe I should bash
anyone my videos even if they've done it
to me because if I did that I would have
values out our hobbies I'm not a fan
what a boss book reference I am just
going to summarize this answer by saying
it has immensely bothered me in the past
if someone I've considered a friend said
something about me in one of their
videos even some other people that I
don't consider a friend but I know
really large on the platform of said
things about me in their videos it has
bothered me admittedly I'm a human it's
bothered me but this is how I just find
to myself just things people say about
me in their videos it's usually if they
don't agree with something I've done or
they don't like something I've done
other things something that is whack
every person that has ever talked about
me it will it'll ease I don't any person
has ever said negative things about me
in their video or didn't agree with
something I've done all of them have the
ability to either text me or DM me
because I have their number or I follow
them if you choose to publicly talk
about me in your video instead of
privately actually get to the root of
the issue I know the problem is not with
me you're not telling my story you were
telling yours straight up because if you
don't agree with something I do and you
think the solution is to publicly bash
me as opposed to just message me like a
mature adult then that is your opinion
and I truly wish nothing but the best
for every single person I'm not even
thinking of one or two specific people
I'm thinking about a whole bunch of
people who have done this to me I'm out
here trying to make content nothing you
do is going to change that nothing you
do is going to make me bash you in my
video I'm not going to do it I am
committed to being a kind compassionate
person and no amount of obstacles is
going to change that I am going to be
happy I'm so sorry I wasn't really
punishing myself I just want to make
this video slightly more amusing that is
so goddamn bad yeah that is it thank you
for watching this video and store it
wasn't a scripted piece of content but I
hope you enjoyed it if you want to see
me on tour I am going to the UK tomorrow
after that I'm going to India they're
still tickets available for Indian not
UK and the rest of the world releasing
book commas where you can go all the
information will also be in description
thank you so much for all your support
was Bossa book it really does mean the
world to me I never thought it would be
the success that it is so thank you so
so much for now I've got the end card yo
did you like that video did you like
that video if you did give it a big
thumbs up comment below letting me know
what next questions you want me to
answer if I make another on his Q&A my
last videos right over there second
block channels right over there and make
sure you subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
