where in the world is super wind by a
Austin Texas whatever one is a girl so
warm and holy crap I suck at
confrontations I can't help but I'm just
the absolute worst in fact this video is
that even a comedy video it's just a
summary of my biggest fears
aka when someone sends the terrifying
words hey can we talk what the heck do
you mean can we talk don't step to me
with us aggression
can we talk with that
straightforwardness why what happened
why what have one huh why and that's it
I instantly get your rational fears oh
my god they hate me oh my god someone's
I'm oh my god oh my god they're gonna
postpone Game of Thrones oh I do sit
here just take food free ride oh my
god are they gonna postpone Game of
Thrones because I already have to wait
until July is one of the HDL fighting a
complete stranger could walk up to me
and be like hey can we talk and my brain
will convince me that they're about to
break up with me and I'm just like hey
listen man I know I sighs so close to
you on the bus but please go get into
the plane so every time this happens I
panic hey uh Lilly can we talk for a
second Oh what what washing washing okay
oh maybe I could say I have explosive
diarrhea maybe I should just kill her no
no no okay too far too far actually know
what late that's that's a solid plan B
you can come King I have to go to a
ping-pong tournament toy car I have to
pick up someone yes good okay you have
to pick up someone say that three two
one yes sure
damn you Lilly in your false sense of
confidence she'll destroy know people
are lucky if they can even drop that
sentence to me in person okay because if
I don't let you wanna talk and you try
calling me bra okay I'd rather pick up
tomorrow's phone call and that in seven
goddamn days then answer your call she
called me just like again and I could be
like you know what this is all good I'm
okay with that a good run I see you in
that will but you're closer nah
yeah
now they're making iPhones waterproof
finish okay so this endless
possibilities to the way that could fade
you who drop my phone into a glass of
kool-aid real quick and call it a day
I'm so bad at confrontation that it
doesn't even make sense
okay forget discussing something
difficult like an issue or situation I
can't even tell people when I hate
things even if it directly affects me
I'm so scared to hurt people's feelings
yeah yo today's it's the Canadian in me
I'm too nice and I'm sorry
Oh bad oh my god it's amazing
are you sure you don't want me to change
anything no III love it
hey thank you so much - wow how great
shoot yeah oh god that girl I stopped my
face look at me did you tell you don't
like it what do you mean tell her
obviously not I had no choice just go
back there and tell her to fix it
what are you a crazy person I can't do
that okay maybe then he kind of brings
up my eye Brent Sarah scared of clowns
don't go near her I mean she didn't do
it on purpose right and maybe this is my
way of learning how to accept different
types of people and what they like maybe
this is on trend huh
yeah ask you're part of Cirque de Soleil
it's not even that bad I think it was
just the lighting in that room in the
next I came on here pretty good right
right right right right
Yeah right right I love it
maybe I'm not the only one okay I know
once upon a time you got your heritage
it was fugly as ass but you pretended
like you liked it you paid that money
gave that specific and I walked out that
place like okay thank you so much bye
and then you got into the car in your
life
girl 3 to bring your straightener three
combs and a thousand pieces of hair
spray we got a crisis these are all the
instances in which people are asking me
for something you know a conversation
feedback an opinion don't even get me
started and when I need to initiate a
conversation because that's gonna
require an F in retreat on an island
okay like 16 hours of meditation a
spiritual awakening in which I can
convince myself to even make the first
move sure I need to go to an alternate
dimension okay and reach a new level of
Zen and no one could comprehend for me
to even try to start a conversation with
you straight up is gonna be like from
the Oasis just out god damages to be
like can we talk and even after all this
every damn time I still do this I'm just
gonna do it I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
call him and I'm gonna let him oh hi
feel I'm doing it that's it
stay away cuz I'm a little too adult by
the way right I already be scared to let
him know how it is
come above you go girl yeah have a
common like your bra come brush hairs
with little thrust we need to talk right
now
there's almost Emma yo you want this
whooping in point form or essay format
right that's right I got my thesis ready
okay you don't have nothing I'm done
doubt me over call - do it do it see let
me trembling he was shaking arena
euthanasias texting and those rare times
where I actually do commit to having a
conversation with someone in person
you bet believe I make a game plan okay
I know exactly I'm going to say how I'm
gonna walk in I am set I'm sure like yo
i'ma speak straight up and down clear
lines no BS
let's do this and then I beat around
every goddamn bush straight up I'm gonna
Home Depot in the gardening section just
doing less
no sale I want to go smoke a blue hey
what's up good timing
so I was thinking uh huh maybe we could
do a better job getting big done what
are you referring to sometimes in life
well certain people do certain things
good but may be said people could do
things or more better if I'm sorry what
are you trying to say exactly maybe I
haven't given you you told you need to
reach your full potential and for that I
am sorry
oh really okay apology accepted I mean
it's hard being a young boss we're in
this together
ready loud and clear boss okay I'm glad
we had this off so how'd it go oh that
was dope she was trembling
really yeah walking on like no one's
good then I woke up and breathe small so
you fired did I fight nah I gave her a
ring whatever you'll I'll just text her
yoga milk you stuck a confrontation
promo segue there is a chapter about in
my new book called how to be a boss is
available worldwide right now triple
double using book on it has bestseller
on so many websites the rage makes me so
happy it's also available in bookstores
across the world all informations at
that website so go check it out although
I'm in Austin right now because I'm on
tour all of us and restaurant America's
sold out there's still tickets for
international vid so losing book.com
slash tour is ready to go if you want to
see me on tour if that's not what the
video is about this video is about how I
suck at confrontation but how I'm great
at promo yo did you like that video
hotel ran some things never change if
you liked it give it a thumbs up you can
check out my last video right over there
my
more vlogs on my second channel are
right over there and y'all subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday well I love superwoman that
is a wrap and Zoop I'm much more meeting
great 500 people now let out
