so we want to learn how to be above what
the by right questions walk with me a
lot of someone who stands tall and
exudes confidence someone who is
charming and make people feel good about
themselves
glad you're handsome Congrats someone
who gets hurt efficiently and learn from
their mistakes
hey everything you made didn't go so
well we just lost a lot of money
okay well let's set a meeting to discuss
where we went wrong
oh and make sure there's a pie chart
there's always got to be a pie chart
above system we can find solutions the
problem not once not twice but over and
over and over again you hang up I don't
want to go no you hang up fumbles
someone who hustled relentlessly I need
you to sign here here and here
can I confirm your 3 o'clock meeting
what time do you want to ask you in line
facial done yes 4:00 p.m. and I'll take
those someone who understands the
importance of gratitude and knows one's
claws YUM someone who genuinely loves
and accepts themself hey Billy I have a
flower delivery for you from Lily oh
please
send her one back a boss is someone who
has a priorities in order because you
never know when FOMO can hit skip your
meeting and work out with me I mean yeah
I could no no no I have a meeting and I
confirmed it
now I know if you're thinking this all
looks and sounds great the buzzword the
expensive camera the hair and makeup but
how do you actually do all of these
things
well that's recommen it's time to learn
how to do about
