so he could give a thumbs up right off
the get-go because my hair looks pelican
whatever wants a girl superwoman and I
like to believe I'm a kind person
you know I'm night I'm giving I'm
considerate except when we're playing
some sort of game or sport because then
I'm you're worse at the nightmare I
can't help it okay square if I go from
Disney Channel child stars to X vision
channel child star with now point from I
got the limo front to cut off your bum
fuck down planning it I'm not the only
one here are some signs that you're
competitive as you know the games of
this game no gain or a reflection of who
you are as a person today you want to
admit it but that's how you feel because
if you miss the ball in a game of ping
pong and it's not just about the game
okay you know deep down you miss the
ball because you have split ends and
trust issues you missed the ball because
you can't do long division and you can't
spell the word schedule and when you
suck you get angry are you even
listening to me
god dammit what country all right that
is what I told you to do that I don't I
don't what are y'all oh wait look if you
catch my when playing a game
mistakes are never your fault oh no no
if you to a ball and it did not go in
the basket no it has nothing to do with
your aim okay it's because of the
recession but for this right now now
when I wasn't ready I wasn't ready I
wasn't ready that was the brief look
Lobby to my hair that was brief oh no I
got crap I got crap in the back wow
money
oh no yo yo I think I have appendicitis
oh my time so you know I'm still shook
from the Oh way that's what it is all
men don't have a camera can get in my
way get out of here you know you're
hella competitive when you do eventually
lose
we can give the victor any type of
credit so you pull one of these do I let
you win okay I felt bad for you I know
this means a lot to you I don't want to
lower your self-esteem I wanted to give
you hope I know your parents getting
divorced so I don't want to add more to
your place okay let's go again cool
you're here I hate when people do the
simulate what do you mean you killed dad
to me like this I'm getting paid I'm
getting fed and triple pic and it was so
transparent because I'm hella hydrated
okay my life is great
you just suck and to be honest the only
time you do actually lose is just
because your opponent is super lucky yes
and you let them know that Wow look at
this luck it's all lucky whatever
tonight whatever looks nice
go go I can win two five got all the
good parts are you seriously go well
hurry up man boom I bet ba are you
seeing this Wow Wow okay Wow whatever
must be nice and a 4-liter over up your
butthole the game is pure luck there's
no skill involved
so now go away when God went in the
amount of saltiness and that bloodstream
that bloodstream the straight-up
Vegemite using me I'm so competitive
that when I do finally come to terms
with the fact that I may not be the best
at something I become obsessed with it
because on that point on my entire life
is dedicated towards mastering bat
skills
right up I don't care what else I found
was okay as long as I become a pro at
that one thing you idiot Lily I think
you forgot to fill in one of your
eyebrows oh yeah remember the time I
beat you in ping-pong ball what I mean
at the end of the day when someone
competitive starts losing they begin to
realize that maturity is T we're all
adults here okay and the game doesn't
change that game point for me
okay whatever okay winning isn't
everything is mortal a game point for me
like this video if you did give your big
thumbs up
fun fact I'm on tour right now and I
might be coming to a city near you
loosing book.com slash tour is where you
can check out all the cities tickets on
sale right now so go ahead and do that
last video right there bloopers right
over there make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and there is it one love superwoman that
is a wrap and
