hi I think this is working I think this
should work is the first time I've ever
gone live on my mobile and it says very
poor connection and so I'm going to no I
don't know if you can hear me can you
hear me see me let me know let me know
it says poor connection all right let's
see that I did it edited can you hear me
can hear me you see me
I don't know hopefully very bad
connection no why are we connected to
the Wi-Fi Oh
it says okay well hopefully be me if not
let me know or maybe you can watch it
downstairs let me know sweet - mobile
stream livestream thingamabob er yes you
have been wondering why they look like a
lady
why should look like a human why doesn't
she look like a barbarian actually
usually does like a baboon like a hit by
truck well I can explain today is my
boss book launch party on my fake
eyelash just stab me in the pupil no big
deal
today is my launch party and I'm so
excited cuz I'm going to take you with
me leading my house going to the party
all the way there tell you all my
thoughts and feelings is so exciting my
first ever book and I wanted to start
the live stream off just you I'm getting
like teary eyed why I don't know um
start the last name off literally just
you and I no one else because in a
couple of minutes there'd be so many
people at this party but I mean
hopefully but I just wanted to have an
one with you to say I'm gonna try my
best to go to this party right now and
truly be present and enjoy the fact that
I have worked so hard on this book and
I'm going to celebrate it for two hours
and tried to be present and be grateful
and I want to take this opportunity to
start the live stream by saying thank
you I know I've said it a bazillion
times but truly truly truly truly like
dude this took a lot of work and I'm
able to do cool things like this because
of all of you like you tuning and now
you watching my videos do commenting
you're doing everything I I don't care
how many times you've heard it from
other creators or heard it from me I
genuinely why make it emotional oh my
goodness thank God everything's a lot of
proof I genuinely just wanted to say
thank you because you honestly don't
have to do anything you don't have to
support me you don't have to watch my
videos and you do for some reason you do
you buy tickets to see me
ah you're back tickets to see me and
it's very special to me so thank you so
so so much I'm so thrilled to take you
along with me to the boss book launch
party as an FYI if you want to get
tickets for my tour I'm leaving tomorrow
I haven't started packing yet but I'm
leaving tomorrow I still have to pack
I'm leaving tomorrow I have 31 outfits
back but if you are tickets for that
loosing book.com slash tours where you
can go New York is the first stop I
think it's a few tech tickets left still
and we're gonna go all around the world
to the best of our ability so I can see
all of you and hug you and love you this
is mouthful let me show you the vibes
first off I got my Baus necklace do you
recognize these earrings let me help you
out that's right pay tribute to my book
cover save earrings looks like a
one-piece is actually - I look kind of
like a boss like your cell what's I
won't buy my book eh someone just
commented saying how do you buy her book
I'm glad you asked you can pre-order it
right now Lilly Singh book calm it is
pretty much available everywhere in the
world it releases worldwide March 28th
in which case will be in stores whatever
book stores local to you you can
probably find the book there but if
wanting it first you can also preorder
it and yeah if you are planning to get
the book please get either pre-order
again it on March 28th so we have a
chance of getting on the best sellers
list because the first chance I have of
getting on the best sellers list I
believe is April 2nd so yeah that's how
you get the book if you want to get the
book a little bit of a headache and
issues a little bit tense right now in
my shoulders but I think I'm just
anxious
I'm anxious so like I feel like this
launch makes it real you know what I
mean like I'm going and is being
celebrated that's a good real thing
that's this is like it's like a real
thing that's happening no holy freaking
crap it's a real thing let's go
downstairs and see what everyone else is
doing because I think we're gonna be
leaving soon and going through the potty
and I was so excited and the phone is
doing things and I don't know what the
phone is doing okay here we go
alright no no no down the stairs wearing
small heels he's old down be cautious
hey everyone
excited yeah you've never looked better
yeah it's gonna be sick I saw height and
the place is decorated amazing I haven't
had too much control over the situation
but Kyle has been point person and I am
confident it's going to be phenomenal
there's quotes on the wall there's
always a ball snake or I am so excited
somebody saying it's lagging but you
don't know what I said it so I'm going
to go ahead and blame you and not me
boom boom ah no I like your shirt I
could not assure everyone thumbs-up if
you enjoyed this shirt also my shirt I
know what you're thinking she forgot to
button and no my stylist has assured me
this is fashion and the sigh I'm showing
a little bit my boobs the makeup artist
also put makeup on my boobs and I was
just like okay I'm going to go along
with this it's lagging everyone is
saying it's lagging poor connections
lagging lagging lagging lagging lagging
okay we're trying to fix that because
we're gonna leave in three minutes what
you can talk it's fine he's like I mean
you can speak it's fine funny did you
get a haircut quality damn okay quick
speed round with Kyle who has not been
to many of the countries we're going to
go to on tour where are you most excited
is it so much leg so much keeps freezing
no no I think we should take two wife I
don't think I think that's why
Alex's back leg leg we are leaving we're
leaving my house so we're fixing the leg
right now I'm trying to be very
secretive so that all the prayers were
better better better better better okay
hold on hold on shh don't let the pervs
know don't let the pervs know the person
don't let the pervs know the personnel
okay is this is this that is this are
over this is us all right we're getting
in over thank you okay
it should be better should have stopped
it
oh yeah my life and Rebecca I think it's
just my area we're driving away from my
area now
so the lagging should stop momentarily
thank you for being here
what's happening it's good it's good
okay sweet
stop saying like I know it's lagging why
do bad things happen to good people stop
it I'll tell you where I'm most excited
to go Singapore is one of my favourite
places I obviously love Trinidad which
by the way Trinidad you slacking on
these ticket sales down I know you have
exams nish where your priority is that I
haven't fought and fought and fought to
make sure Trinidad was open here that
you guys want to study come on
Trinidad let's get a pop in what's the
fast wine for me come on one time um I'm
obviously excited to go to Trinidad I am
very excited to Malaysian Philippines I
forgot to either of those places a lot
of people have been asking me when
Philippine tickets are gonna go on sale
soon I know you love hearing that but
soon I promise I didn't forget and I
promise it's gonna happen
soon very very soon um not I have a
question for yes you can join me on any
tour stuff which I want to be ah maybe
India India snap into India I've never
been a we got really not add to India I
think that would be great not I would
literally eaten hahaha she would eat
nothing she's such a picky eater nothing
she would eat um what else can I tell
you what we're going to this party might
have to go slightly feeling better now
that you're here with me holding me and
in my arms embrace this god damn phones
has very bad connection but I have full
reception so I'm just like this app is
broken just straight up I'm perfect
right now and my phone is perfect
everything is perfect right now or I'll
answer some York
I should see you guys comment below
because I actually see all of your
comments on the screen so my first time
doing mobile streaming I can't see my
face I just see your comments which is
great and a lot of y'all smelling my
goddamn name wrong I just want to let
you know I just saw someone say Li L
white I'm just like are you brand new
are you grain is it your first day here
so I ll why and if you can't get on
board you cannot enter my hot tub okay
you already know this from last video
come on now we go what's my favorite
color come on um it's pink but I want
don't make the other colors feel bad so
I'm gonna say all of them the rainbow
and yeah what else what else with her so
excited you'd be going back to Hong Kong
Hong Kong is very special to me let me
tell you why prior to my tour last year
H naught 2 years ago 82 UI oh my
goodness I wanted these pair of Jeremy
Scott shoes to wear on stage as my main
costume and I could not find them
anywhere I literally sent an army of
people out to be like I need these shoes
before I leave
couldn't get them confined them randomly
in Hong Kong I'm at this underground
Street Market and I see the shoes and
I'm like I need these shoes name your
price and what size are these like we
only have one pair left like what size
of course my size I found my dream she
was in Hong Kong and therefore that's
literally why I'm coming to Hong Kong
because I need to find some next legit
shoes and obviously all of you but the
shoes but the shoes go have I ever been
to serious questions yes what's your
favorite part of your book what's the
fair part of my book also sorry I did
not text you back and I really apologize
all because yeah I'll speech you when I
arrived at the party I'm very sorry um
what's my favorite part of the book ooh
my favorite chapter is called play
Nintendo is the first chapter in its
first chapter because it's my favorite
but I also have something in the book I
don't think I've ever spoken about this
actually I have these segments called
out of the blue which it's a 2 page
insert and the left side is like a very
bad time period in my life and the right
is a very wonderful time period in my
life and so you can see a huge contrast
how my life has changed there's four of
those in the book I think those are my
favorite sections because it gives you a
lot of real raw insight into like what
my life was like and how it has
transformed so I realize out of the blue
segments yeah what's your favorite part
of Canada Oh
Toronto come on come on how long did it
take you to create the book about
year it took me a fun fact I submitted
the book proposal on my birthday and I
also completed the first draft on my
birthday so exactly one year from
birthday - birthday
I finished look ah and yes I know a lot
of your mentioning this I know in
Australia and Singapore and a lot of
those places the book is already out a
lot of you tweeting me pictures and I'm
just ignoring them and being like I see
nothing and it's okay I can't control
everything and I'm coming to terms with
it what's your dream job what I'm doing
right now when am i right now is my
dream job
if you couldn't be youtuber what would
be here if I couldn't quality quality
real questions here if I couldn't be a
YouTube creator or entertainer what
would I be I feel like I would have went
down the path of using my degree in some
way my psychology degree and I would not
have been happy electrician electrician
right I could have an electrician come
correct correct
okay me and my friends love you thank
you tomorrow I love you and your friends
as well are you coming to Barnes &
Nobles that's a very vague question but
yes the answer is yes and then we're
coming back a little later
olá the LA signing by the way got
postponed so it is no longer on April
11th is now on May 1st I knew that I was
just looking at him to test him by just
like once again public service
announcement that's three L's and like
LLY not a tell why y'all hurting my
heart upper her just been on this same
channel for seven years now come on
let's get it right we're almost there ah
I'm so excited okay when we get there I
might get you to take over so I can have
a genuine reaction um okay over here
okay we've arrived we've arrived oh my
god oh so now y'all spelled my name
wrong on purpose okay
oh my god we're heroes folks I'm excited
I'm excited
um oh bone oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god I thought that was
Kyle it was it were driver but oh my god
oh my god oh my god
okay okay we're over here quite late you
want to take this I'm gonna pass the
torch on to cuale be nice to him he's
fragile hello I've been working hard
how do I switch the screen so I can show
you oh it's down there okay you're gonna
get her genuine reaction to her boss
book launch party here in less than a
minute oh my gosh
so we tried okay
nervousness like Artie people here I'm
like wait me early though aren't brown
hello
so we are gonna lash miss Lily what my
party okay
LarryBoy we're going to write in here
I've already
again and I'm soft like Nutella
okay yeah Wow everything that's about
lovely
let's go more explore oh my god you're
so early I love it
drink on it sick you to balloon by the
way shoutouts when it is you together
my favorite partner okay so this quote
on the wall street
a boss knows that shortcuts do not exist
Wow yeah but do you see it's just a
chocolate on my face packet oh we got a
straight straight up candy make your own
baggie
you know it's no good I wouldn't hurt so
gorgeous
so we're gonna ask nada gotta find a
seat that'll be easier
no I Kyle I love everyone
but I'm very honored take a seat
we're just going to ask you ten random
questions ten random questions look out
blew up oh they're staring down the lid
I've ever boss on the ferry
okay so we're gonna pick ten random
questions from the comments for nada so
if you have random questions for nada
send it through
how many times have you been to Detroit
did it never once was a fun I drove my
Burlington miss she drove by for gas it
was great with a great gas station have
you ever read Hunger Games no don't tell
anyone
um let's see oh they're moving quick um
best what socks are you wearing I'm
wearing that's what I usually don't wear
socks she's wearing socks yeah they're
black little ones but I don't like socks
at all sorry I know Lily does what is
your favorite book trick question
Jupiter that's right I have a few
I was saying there's one it's a
children's book and it's Bob what would
you do with an idea and I usually give
it as gifts it's really great you should
check it out who was your first crush
that was a punishment in there okay
devon Sawa maybe remember flipper yeah
great sup you guys go find devon Sawa
tweet him also Chris O'Donnell but that
makes me sound do you speak another
language
I do like first language is Portuguese I
also speak Spanish in some Italian I'm
so smart can you say can you say boss
book is my favorite book in Portuguese
holy balls I'll mail you would ad last
they go sexy and Ramos
let's see where are you from yes Brazil
Brazilian
um
yes oh no not me
okay yes you see those legs screenshot
that out of this okay we have two more
questions okay how you been counting
yeah who is your first kiss
oh wow I'm a friend of mine in herself
and will remain nameless
it was a Brazilian friend yeah boyfriend
um it was a crush childhood crush yeah
last one how long have you known
Lily um honestly almost four years and
we're a longest lasting team member I
believe currently making record that was
crazy
I know okay in eight or nine years
that's like eight great years 84 is the
number of interest of late ten plus a
you should be not know what are you
doing we're live-streaming we letting
Lily go explore and say he'll notice in
pitbull I'll take those
again is good what are people asking you
guys know Sara hi let's ask some
questions for Sara
oh boy hmm what we're doing we're sewing
yeah where's my microwave so I can will
of her what's my favorite thing about
Lily yes I can't choose just one thing
maybe so
we're gonna show you what's your
favorite thing about Lily first oh my
gosh I can't I mean obviously the first
thing is that she's Canadian
just like my Canadian sister sick side
what up so do you like Jamaican food
I love Jamaican food could you make him
patty that's right you make him patty
yeah there is a Jamaican rush are sweet
like jerk chicken jerk chicken yes good
call yeah oh uh what's my favorite movie
Harry Potter y'all Harry Potter oh oh
yeah that's right Deathly Hallows yeah
did you guys buy the book yeah I'm
waiting for my signed copy Oh
but I will buy a bajillion copies if I
can in store that's right that's right
war just complexities coming back here
and we'll look at that look at all this
but all those mmm candy skittles yells
what's your favorite movie
all right butter Harry Potter
come on y'all not just a book Oh book
and movie you're right or remember the
title did you read it what Harry Potter
yeah
yes file now we had a thanks I'm so
offended right now okay let's go explore
yeah let's see what we can find
I'm going to be visiting that candy
table later but can we look at this
yes boss chocolate what is like oh my
goodness
let's go
because your files
I am like already so overwhelmed
everyone's coming up to me saying rats
and that's always so confusing I'll be
like Congrats ISM like yeah I guess
Congrats is appropriate right and look
amazing handsome guys so long time I
know I'm just sorry
I love this you know
I just saw a girl walking I'm gonna go
talk to my manager but she go where'd
you go where'd you go
Osama Sarah I don't know where she went
now rushes let's go find spike
oh my god I said I saw a hot girl
walking it was like that was me well
almost there let's be real okay I'll do
what everybody wants here so I can take
over go yeah what's up I came here I am
guys I have to say I'm really nervous to
take over right now because this is like
this is Lily's channel this is like a
really big oh sorry
Oh has anybody seen this yeah I just
show
I don't know if you guys can statement
but truly still is this still minibar
that did this I think Dylan's Candy Bar
just shout out to Phillips candy bar who
gave her her own chocolate bar let's not
tell them that we should put together
like a skittles something
oh there are M&Ms here oh well I'm gonna
hide the M&Ms really quickly and pull
the skittles oh right how's that this is
amazing I'm so excited to be that this
is happening it occurred to me just now
that she's leaving for tour and then I
don't get to see her for like three
months so I'm not really sure how long
did I run her business while she's gone
and I'm freaking out that she's going to
be
m.i.a for like two and a half months and
they're gonna leave me here by myself
and run Kyle are gonna go run around the
world together
oh my god I don't know this yet
3-shot that
I think we probably just arrived and
she's been in traffic
oh my gosh
it
and it's red so what else give us thank
you by the way what else did you want
it's all friend so
she got the memo I wore my boss lipstick
which is very different for man like
this crazy ass lipstick but I guess it's
great what else is going on do has have
any questions you want to see anything
in particular let me know alright let's
see hold on oh my oh my god you guys are
commenting so fast this is crazy this is
harder than it looks they have to tell
you for like I gave Lily a lot of shit
this is so much harder to do night it
was boring to me okay we get it where's
Lily yeah very very good she's here
she's running around she's grating
friend who was she saying hi to right
now there's a lot of here and as Lily's
like real friends are here yet it's just
a bunch of like industry people -
they're my friend you know
my hair looks good thank you
Here Come a my weave but I got well here
it is the blush
let's wait and slay going not sure but
you have to stand by everyone in standby
and the old are hot celebrity two rivals
Paris but actually I'm not telling you
where Brian
our partners really helped it up surely
show you design let's just give you like
a full-blown tour at this point
shall we can we flip it around alright
let's hook it around these are our very
handsome security detail hello handsome
security detail then we walk into the
boss party which is I mean I already
know Lilly's gonna ask if she take this
9 home and I I'm not sure how we're
going to finagle hot
these are all of the swag bags hey by
the way guess anybody is follows me on
Twitter that's like a shameless promo
you might have seen me assembling these
recently these are the death of me these
will be going to Olive lilies
friends are hopefully coming I can show
you what's inside I'm thinking you guys
a sneak peek just don't tell Billy that
I did that so here's the here's the box
and inside leave a bunch of swag swag
swag swag swag swag swag swag swag
shoutout Smashbox
it's like psych psych psych swag for the
ultimate bosses
whoever's coming tonight hopefully be
reading the books also I'm gonna book
the prayer is the book is really amazing
I'm really proud of her every word
herself oh that should be surprising she
works her butt off but she wrote every
one herself the book was really great
I'm really proud of her it was really
hard to a lot of work so therefore her
Lili and you ever watch this again very
proud of you all right that's the tour
then over here we have a cute little
swag area all of our candy all of our
hold of our books here's the here are
all of our party people make up sweet
photobooth over there hopefully be out
I'll get way to drum and then take
ridiculous photos later Oh God
this is when they ask me what Lily wants
for food I was like to be honest
anything vegetarian and probably not
that good for you she'll want to eat so
we got every variety of french fries
more or less and that looks like oh
those are macaroni those are fried
macaroni and we have no photos oh these
look so amazing sorry back next we're
back my these are all photos from the
book look how pretty I don't think you
guys have seen this one yet here's a
photo from the book and then lastly I
know you guys have seen this one
and then we huh
that'll be a problem for me later it's
Saturday night joking
all right let me find it quieter oh no
they're fetch explainers that was so
good what I've used like chicken all
right we're not going to get Wiley those
ones looking for the Portobello slider
so I'm certain she's not going to want
those all right I'm taking guys to a
quiet area we're gonna have a little a
little one-on-one chat Lily is currently
inviting of asunción friends to party
say hi to everybody I'll get her back to
you guys and probably like no no what do
you think a minute weather like a minute
of Q&A or something if there's any
question you guys have about the book
that Lily may or may not tell you I will
tell you now but please do not tell her
that I told you that's like never going
to happen but let's go for it
any questions
what's my favorite movie now let's go
put that son defendant book my favorite
movie though I have to say this year was
fun light it was so amazing you guys
haven't seen it please go see my
favorite song right now oh gosh Lily's
been interesting to me to a lot of
Michelle Montana which I'm sure some of
the old news for you guys
amazing choice Lee's gonna be for being
so white but I'm like trying to learn
how to dance guys I can like keep
everything all right next question do we
get the boxes that we get the golden
ticket no I'm so sorry we tried to get
more boxes to give away to you guys but
well you guys have a totally separate
surprise that frankly is much more
meaningful in a box so I please preorder
order your tickets now we will all be
picking ten golden ticket winners and I
promise you if you guys win that that's
going to be like a a game-changer so so
order your tickets now will there be
merch this book tours no merch the book
tour again it's really about like this
is more of an intimate moment for you
guys I think really Lily's so proud of
the book and she really just wants to
strip it all down and just talk to you
guys and shared intimate moment with you
and talk about the lessons that you've
learned over the past couple of years
you know when she's had this crazy
career in entertainment so it'll be much
more stripped-down much more intimate
much more connecting with Lily directly
so um so yeah I think guys will be
really really happy and really
pleasantly surprised but she gets very
wanted in her room so it'll be cool um
sindhya question okay are part of the
book drive if you're part of the posters
to be honest I don't really remember all
the chapters now because they because it
changed but um there's one chapter where
Lily writes about piles actually and I
think is that about being organized and
that's like a really sweet chapter I
think she just it's very complementary
and very thoughtful very considerate of
him so that's one of my favorite moment
somebody comments ah okay Barbados I
can't add Barbados unfortunately I wish
we could but but I will I promise you
all home work to make it happen for the
next part
our passion monte in the book no they're
not as a book this is much more intimate
it's a little against my Lily moment so
congrats my lipstick is bought from
Smashbox I thought was appropriate it's
gonna be very fitting so we went we went
with that um if you're not tuned in you
buy a ticket for your parent I'm Jewish
and I don't mix though but check with
the love girl ticket broker or the local
promoter and they should be able to tell
you but I'm pretty sure you don't need a
paragraph here I take it in 14 oh my
gosh the tickets are for her the
guitarist comments are so crazy how many
were envisioned but I have no idea a lot
but she broke every single one
today for Lily to write the book how
long to take from Lloyds book coming on
and off she was writing it for about a
year I want to say and I think just as
different a moment some of the moments
at celebrating with you guys that she
celebrated with for cleanup warrants
Finley with president family and she
just learned from those different
moments over the course of the last
couple of years and then shared them and
put them down as she went so it's a
really great book thank you guys looking
really listen how much the books have
been the book price is somewhere around
20 dollars but it will change heading on
your territory and what shipping cost
but again it's in the $20 billion in the
hardcover book there are photos lots of
imagery it's beautiful with a beautiful
card to myself can we enter the third
bonus more than one back to you on that
mellow yellow' 29 I don't think so I
think did it once you enter the event
turn and as the winners are just
randomly
how do we get the little ticket you get
the golden ticket my totally random so
amazingly anybody who buys a ticket to
under the tour stop is automatically
entered so when you get your tour stop
you will get your tickets and you move
and share the venue and you will get a
book and in the book there may be those
golden ticket
oh good luck
come out comes out March 28th oh my gosh
so exciting what about India she won't
be there at 10:00 she'll be in India
she'll be in Hyderabad Mumbai Delhi
sure just India
all right I guess you guys are probably
getting ready to see Lily again
something we I haven't enjoyed my time
with you I have very much
all right I think left hand you guys
back over questions are going so quickly
alright I hope you guys enjoyed this I
still enjoy spending time with you guys
maybe I'll see you again later spending
on how drunk will I look get some cereal
to Lily
on hold on I'm spotted Lily from across
the room let's go see what she's doing
right now
what are you my god
alright guys back to Lily
or maybe I should give you a pile what
do you think yeah let's give your pile
it's amazing
famous last words guys let me tell you
Wow
right now I feel like I'll take you guys
around once more and then will that
really sign
That's not me but we got
I'm gonna sign it off yeah
give me one second yeah so we are going
to leave now because I want to be social
didn't come and thank them and being
present like I said so thank you so so
much for joining me party
I'm leaving for tomorrow really simple
concise tours where you can solve if you
want to see me information is on my
website or
I love you so much
4:28 get the book and love you so much
that you support and I will see you
around the world
okay bye
you guys go to little single calm for
that netbook right there we'll see you
on tour New York go buy tickets
