That awkward moment when I'm making a
video about you whatever one's the girl
superwoman and disclaimer disclaimer
this video may or may not be me making
fun of you and me in fact everyone who
watches your videos maybe you're one of
these types of people maybe you're not
maybe more but you're in denial in a way
the important thing to remember is don't
unsubscribe let's get straight to it
number one the stand now for those of
you who may not be familiar with
internet language a stand is basically a
synonym for a very passionate intense
thing like a windmill now being the
types of people I don't just lot you see
literally Linda and really into another
just like creators role they want to be
physically abused by creators for a
reason I simply cannot comprehend where
rewards the girl who woman help me with
that jawline and strangle me with that
hair go to my book at Lilly Singh
book.com take my money and slap me with
your book give me paper cuts with those
painted break that books final I'm going
on tour hit me with that airplane shove
that turbulence down my throat suffocate
me with your boarding pass cut my legs
up on that stage apparently is like a
huge compliment to want someone to whisk
those gusts up Freddy Krueger is on the
next season of The Bachelor welcome to
2070 also I just like to say that these
are my fans and my fans speak like this
and I don't care if they sound crazy I
love them I love King Soopers so much
you're in fact your team super slap me
with your tweets okay and shove your
mean
down my esophagus now remember to
internet warrior now these are the
people that have one sole purpose of
life and that is to disrupt our thing
they don't go easy for the videos now
now they're going to use them for the
comment section okay because they turn
that age into a war zone just straight
up cutting off people for no reason you
see other people go to therapy for their
self-esteem issues but not the internet
warriors no they go under my videos and
they're like okay so everything about my
life sucks I know
I'll make myself feel better by typing
the word a lot and you can stop
this person from a mile away because
they don't know how to spell and they
don't know how to do grammar I mean that
sounds a lot I mean that sounds a lot
like me okay there's two types of people
you go to the internet warrior or to me
leave a comment whatever you'll go to
that go to skip whatever with the girl
superwoman
look I just come to you Patti and if
everyone walk at the biggest some pretty
good why do you watch her videos don't
come with a Buddhist oh I got the moves
yeah and I just leave you guys
ugly and I can't you system people go
berserk it's pasta
yes your menorah thanks Anya hey where
are you going
pay attention to me pay attention to me
bad luck oh don't forget to click my ads
internet warriors thanks for giving you
you know I lost this hope with your help
number three dinosaurs now these are my
favorite types of viewers because they
come from a period of time with such
innocence
you know before people who are smashed
and passed these are the parents and
grandparents that are just now
discovering the internet and YouTube
they're scared confused and 100% don't
think I have a job now where do I put
the cassette tape hey sugar pie they're
making videos on the computer now
whatever one it's a girl superwoman is
this the price is right Bob Barker's got
some long hair hang oh you're doing that
in colored people make movies man
you know I saw on Facebook the other day
people are also starting to post
photographs on the Internet
what it's time to be enough when I was
younger we had this thing called them a
blockbuster I need to get them late fees
but never pay them when are we gonna
play Plinko number four playlist / now
these are the people that can learn
everything I say into something that
makes them feel sexy and turned on I
could literally be wearing our
turtleneck and snow pants and this plan
is purpose will be watching me rubbing
his nipples pretending them Elsa just
like for them you do be just free porn
with a lot of personalities and none of
viruses
what if ever was the girl superwoman he
it's a girl superwoman in my bed so what
a piece of my friends t-shirt reference
on your boobies now I like to see you
with only that snapback on me I don't
like the tone
okay let me feed your moment yeah take
that blonde wig and if it was my huge
nose I think that other loved one you
wear that be a jumper me I mean I like
food and welcome to the girl of Syria
you empower girls i empower bitch no
number five the but her oh now these are
the types of people that go to youtube
videos and just freak out ways to get
offended like some desktop versions of
blue foods just like hey kids do you see
a way we could get offended you do swear
oh look at the wall
it doesn't have every color therefore i
must be racist it's like they willingly
watch content and then go out of their
way to express their disapproval like
wine we are you luck how do you stop
this person easy nothing down below in
the comments super butthurt because i
call them but her what if everyone is a
girl superwoman Wow everyone okay what
if i don't want to be defined as a
someone what if i want to be neutral but
if you would lay two types of teachers
at school not everyone can afford
education okay this is so non-inclusive
did you just say don't have a cow and
the animal cruelty hairdo sec I know
this is comedy but I'm offended by all
of these jokes what a waste of food
saying F is still swearing and I am so
offended she didn't even talk about
what's happening in my specific
community she only talked about mental
health empowering girls and encouraging
me to love myself
she's such a selfish sellout I feel
personally attacked by this sketch about
complete strangers we of course awful
gang of funny smart supportive
intelligent people watching too but now
that would have been funny so let's just
ignore that yes but your hold on at the
time to be so important crucial
especially you play this pervs you know
what listen to this in this
four days 154 I am starting my worldwide
pour across the planet for how to be
about tickets are on sale right now
loosing book.com slash towards you
within North America or the UK your
ticket includes a book and the meet and
greet if you're in a more international
territory go to websites Final Four
details for this VIP meeting greet ickis
and all that jazz and then use are much
smaller than my last tour if there's
less tickets in general releasing
book.com slash tour is where you could
go because i editi four point I'm
literally going almost everywhere mostly
not everywhere most pages whatever it'll
be about it hey I hope you like Desio if
you video give it a thumbs up for real
exactly where the stupid goddamn life is
found right hopefully I don't know it
could be a stuff if you'd like to hear
the thumbs up comment below check my
last videos check out the bloopers make
sure you subscribe to the big new videos
every Monday and Thursday or love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
