happy Monday everyone fuck
happy Monday yeah you don't think I
think I having a relaxing day you know
super calm not thinking too much fun
anything we think you should write your
bill why my well why why what did you
die why am I suddenly dying what oh my
god mom did you look under my bed and
see what's in that shoebox because I
swear to god it's not mine even though
it's engraved and I know I thought it
was a cucumber plush toy huh so is my
mom gonna kill me
engraved really though no we were all
just talking about what would happen if
you died and I not you seem like the
brain tumor type no I think god accident
you're this one time really try parallel
parking almost cause forest fire you're
a virgin that can't drive I'm sorry I'm
waiting like years to drop that joke but
we always do burn Oh everybody shut up
okay this is not appropriate
conversation thank you really definitely
going to die because of loneliness okay
no husband no kid I give it three years
max heart attack definitely hard at that
what do eat garbage all day long no
overworld rather functional Lily do you
want all of your assets to go to the
government I'm Canadian I don't mind I
love Justin Trudeau your accounts are
American
alright everyone I've created a will
humble you get my youtube channel
yeah but you have to post a video from
one of my fans every Monday and Thursday
but only the innocent ones okay not the
ones that send penis pictures to my
friends on snapchat got it mom you can
have my closet Lily
I don't like this conversation okay you
are not a buddy guying I'm sorry I'll be
right back
dad you can happen
oh sorry dad you can have my car yes I
think that other loved one
I mean Lily Lily don't talk like that
okay
so if I had to quickly check something
and your holder holder who creates the
hot tub you can all be guardians of the
hot tub okay but don't ever let someone
in who spelled my name wrong ever trust
me I'll know and I will haunt the effort
of you yes this is all really sad who's
going to get your skills I'd like to be
buried with my skills you're going to be
cremated okay not buried don't shame our
family when you guys' that's right
you already did enough of that when you
were alive fine I'll be cremated with my
skills and that would be very nice
rainbow sorry my snapchat oh good Danny
unicorn words for one one that is so
inappropriate Jessica I told you to stop
opening those math it was a very staid
go see sometimes I'm curious I oh let's
cut to the chase okay
who gets your money I'll be donating my
money into three separate charities
charity
ah charity starts at home that's right
okay you should donate to my foundation
for mothers with the stupid daughters
you know I always click on the bed you
to bed okay you owe me money that's
right let me calculate what the bloody
hand okay that's a definitely focus off
okay
oh yeah give me I mean Albin one I don't
want to be dirty pink
okay listen everyone stop okay a portion
of my money is going toward girl love to
help issue surrounding gender inequality
my brother gets paid more than me
you should donate to me okay you're a
cashier so he's an engineer my second
charity is cancer research you're not
perfect I'm a cancer yo give me 50% of
your money I'll participate damn it I'm
Sagittarius and my last charity is up
incoming YouTube creators okay look at
the comments below okay ain't nobody an
up-and-coming YouTube creator yeah or
literally none of the comments or about
that and if I die before the age of 30
any outstanding invoices people owe me
y'all can divide amongst yourself I'll
get it
so y'all who's gonna kill Louie just
kidding I got to the brig's are just
getting y'all gotta break I'll put a
pillow over her face hello I'm snip
something into her to dinner I'm going
to go take shower now hello now that
we're done talking about my death if you
like this video give a thumbs up if you
want me to be alive and stuff yo I'm
going on tour across the world if you
want tickets loosing book.com slash tour
is working at them my last video the
bloopers and you make sure you subscribe
coming every other Monday peasant wanna
love superwoman that is a wrap and
