hi I'm I'm RJ and I've been empowering
for two years and been datin Lily for
tonight yeah we first started dating
when he caught my eye and I asked my
friend Becky to introduce us
the girls here question is Ivan ooze
actually dead because I'm just saying
apparently you still alive and kicking
it with to talk I told you I know
absolutely nothing about this entire
spandex era and 20 hi can you help me
open this please that's him
no girls is that RJ is the blue tiring
day blue with the black Ranger then Ruby
Lin Lin will be yellow ranger than me
okay cool I can't do that I gotta get
out yes yeah are you on Twitter
and got the whole saving the world thing
to do what about dinner - woman okay
truth I love dating someone who's so
passionate about their work people love
being a Power Ranger but sometimes you
can't turn it off and it turns me off so
uh you ready for morphin time
sure mm-hmm i'ma go so megazord okay I
hope you ready for this track there's
that thing could be minute I was not
talking really you know all right yes
okay I'm broken okay Coco go room range
oh my god babe okay I'm sorry
I tell you coach okay I'm sorry tom
it's cute you like it you don't like it
you know okay
I pushed it with the second half huh you
know living very support okay but
sometimes I do get the feeling that she
doesn't respect or know the importance
of my job no telling me he just went
from the green to the light range it's
like no one asked me questions like
isn't even on color its look that's a
what you know any sense in the job a
regular garbage hello door down with
that oh my god Zordon can you let us
live for one night what's the app it
wasn't we're on a date okay maybe you
should do the same take you up on that
Siri or something simple for real from
green to white with the Fluke technique
look like he's playing the flute I was
questionable some of my friends think
it's weird that I'm dating a Power
Ranger but it doesn't even bother me oh
my god so yesterday I accidentally use
alpha 5 as my vacuum okay in my defense
people fix back we like my Dyson right
sorry
watch Jake from work stop stop what's up
man Oh rough day look again
we had the relationship is definitely
had some uh some obstacles you know how
could you do it it was a mistake babe
you made out with another do okay was a
costume party and you were dressed up
and you know Becky help me out bet you
bet I see nothing it was in a wheelchair
clearly not RJ but I mean he's gonna
cute so I get it the whole thing is
definitely confusing a time it's like a
whole new world yo you gotta go well
really looking of it I'll be ready on oh
wait wait wait wait how did you get in
here and whose weed up your evil okay
pics or didn't happen
how's it our Instagram is that what's
her face on the capital can kindness
handler right I'm gonna have to go sorry
we gonna talk about that what will give
and there's definitely moments you know
where he's delusional so transformed is
so unrealistic
I'd really big robot frightening will
believe that
but we have a lot of fun together yeah
yep we're Louie and Billie for life I
love you babe I love you too
that's fun you can see it's morphin time
stop what whatever words a girl super
well you know you liked that video give
it a big thumbs up check out spoiler in
the description and make sure you watch
the movie in theaters soon you watch my
last video right over there bloopers of
this video right over there is a
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and
