no no no it's not worth it
you'll regret this I will cut you you
can't keep us locked up in here forever
I'm already 20 this fabric is kind of
nice though shut up just because you're
bigger it doesn't make you the boss of
me right cleavage I don't want to get in
the middle of this okay you make the
memo memo Miki memo thank you kind of
funny I'm not sure if I can handle this
soldiers prepare for war
I want to death do your face on my
pupils so I can stand you all today I'm
ready to settle down double that don't
ask me oh yeah yes but yes yes yes good
okay one two three
it's my time to shine King luck please
all right let me see oh my god
we have ugly nobody tells the heart
sorry I don't lie
can we eat them cookies to feel better
tell my family I help them I think I got
to you bro
what's happening I'm getting tight
I can't oh why do I feel heavy I'm
turning gray
stop stop stop this won't solve anything
doctor No
now we're uneven me lady she's about to
blow he's not I'm drew a square ladies
and gentlemen that was a 7-under
Ricardian for injury no death I'll ask
everything have a dream I'm kidding I'm
moving super don't cheat on me touch me
please touch me weird English what other
words a girl so foamy oh if you liked
this video give it a big thumbs up check
out my last video right over there the
blue boots for this video right a black
and did you know alert over I am going
on tour tickets also right now almost
all about by the way the link is in the
description makes you go check it out
and make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
go
