what if everyone is a girl superwoman
but some people call me Lily and I am
the proud creator of girl of the levers
of social good campaign that encourages
women to support other women because
when women are empowered everyone wins
in just one year girl of us had
tremendous impact whatever one of the
girls superwoman and welcome to the girl
love series we've determined that it's
super cool to compliment other women but
this year I want us to go one step
further in showing our support yep
I'm talking this kind of support and
once again I'm asking my friends to join
me
hi I'm charlie I'm Winnie Harlow I'm
human I'm Victoria laurdiy Debbie and
this is my bra my bra my bra I know it's
cup that's how I like it I'm tossing it
supportive strong powerful women
everywhere and I challenge you to do the
same this is the wrote on the broad post
the video on Twitter or Instagram
popping your broad sort of an amazing
woman in your life
then Pat that woman plus two others that
you want take this chance
use the hashtag bra tops or hashtag girl
love if you get had it's your choice of
brasov ladies we all know a little
support can go a long way oh that wasn't
even close the challenge starts now
tag you're it
