based on a true story whatever words the
girl superwoman and tonight I'm flying
to Trinidad for Carnival for everyone
cuz you know what I just said
no Trinidad is not in Africa no carnival
is not a certificate Google a map reader
Wikipedia educate yourself basically a
tropical destination with lots of
celebration so I'm trying to strip like
okay so we land on Saturday okay party
on Saturday Sunday and Monday okay beach
day on Tuesday okay but then I start
hearing some key words snorkeling and
swimming in the morning swimming so make
sure you bring your bikini bikini oh and
there's an all-white party so don't
forget to pack your white jeans white
jeans white jeans
wait what are the dates again aka am I
gonna have my period your invitation the
answer of course of course this one
specific week round when I lift my leg
and bustle a nice round and my uterus is
going to be like no interference we
interrupt this program to define wine
for any squares that may be watching a
wine is a form of dance involving
gyration of the hips can be slow or fast
but must always be sexy I'm going to try
to bust the wine with a bust-up uterus
like let me get down but with caution
hey hey hey I mean why don't you like
that nice and focused not too hard it'll
be a whistling just watch hey got mix
rattles sneeze you know I and you like
that you like that just one right
oh yeah kind of Matthew that is make I
go by flying fireflies I'd like bumper
pack counselor I can't have that no no
Kay I would rather die the bus a weak
one so what do I do
I google the hell out of how to delay my
period and Fredo I don't care what the
source is because I'll believe it delay
your period calm excellent get excessive
exercise and eat lots of peanuts hmm
okay well you can use wait what the very
how you doing on is there a new internet
dance
daddy silent and fun to do why my period
huh if you want to believe your period
tie one string on your door but trust me
at work
my mom always gives me these home
remedies that are so scientifically
unsound like how is a string on my toe
influential to my uterus shedding are
you serious like don't be done
hell no what are you doing
my big toe is connected to my uterus
line okay so pressure here prevents
shedding here you know because of
photosynthesis or something it trust me
it makes sense yeah no but for real I
know that's dumb because in real life I
understand doesn't work out in this case
no no I want that one can hisses
sniffing okay in my defense I can feel
my coroplast responding already okay
anyways apparently an increase in stress
can also delay your period so hi
yes hello I'd like to book a skydiving
session for tomorrow hey ex-boyfriend no
I was thinking we should totally get
back together all right
Game of Thrones Season one Episode one
let's do this oh yeah that's good right
there
oh wait crap crap I forgot stop Hey yeah
you just move right hmm can I come over
and assemble all your IKEA furniture
then I realize that the solution to my
problem have been in front of me the
entire time
if I can't delay my period I'll just
undo this
oh we live in five days and I still
haven't gotten my period I hope I got my
period
right now it's so funny how you're
hoping you get your period and I'm like
wishing mine would leave wait you have
your period yeah hug me hug me harder
you're hurting me I need your hormones
to rub off on me okay
whisper into my ear you can't go home
hey would you sit on my lap the struggle
is real out here okay I don't want my
curious to ruin my vacation so I start
to get desperate great news I think I'm
gonna get pregnant yeah I'm like totally
ready to have a kid wait this isn't
because you want to miss your period is
it what
of course not how dare you accuse me of
doing something so petty okay oh but
that is what happens right like you
think I would miss the one I was gonna
get on vacation or does it skip one can
we google it long story short I'm
leaving for Trinidad and Tobago tonight
and I still haven't got my period so
what about gonna zip button yo you like
that video here but you will let me know
dude a bit about come on mate is free my
last videos right over there you want to
see the build Trinidad vlog second tower
right over there make a pair my book
have you booked come on links on
description do it
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
