I am so sorry I'm late man
are you yeah of course I am traffic was
terrible I'm fine I'm just confused -
how sorry gives me back 20 minutes of my
life
Wow thankfully it doesn't but you know
it's a nice gesture you know what an
even nicer gesture is be on time okay
noted be on time next time so how's your
morning
wobbles I couldn't sleep all night No
why are they because you snore but I
don't know you don't know or you disrupt
my entire ecosystem or your ecosystem
yeah my ecosystem my biology you snores
and goddamn loud I can feel it in my
endoplasmic reticulum hi
okay other than my hypothetical
snoring how's room or nning don't do
that
don't call something that's a fact
hypothetical well it's not a fact well
it's not my opinion so the way and you
mean half of my morning other than the
fact that you wasted my time and my
endoplasmic reticulum they're doing the
Harlem shake
other than those who think I'll in the
morning is that what you mean yes well I
walk into the washroom this morning and
there was water all over the goddamn
counter what the f is you doing there
Free Willy I think thank landed free my
willy yeah I mean is that a penis joke
well let's say that your hypothetical
penis was the animal it definitely
wouldn't be a whale
okay so breeze I'm sort of shrimp like a
squid that gets scared too easily and
squirts too early YouTube air-quote my
penis I say something to you why are you
mad at me who the hell sweeter the
toothpaste on the top of the tube okay
supposed to please on the bottom you
moron you've never had a problem with my
toothpaste pressing before you don't
love Daniela you bought me this shirt
and now you look like a demented Simpson
character from Shelbyville yeah like
Barney's Banga miss Krabappel and you
pop down
hi yeah how are you can I please have
the veggie burger looks great
um and what up everyone probably
something low in sodium because he's
already so salty Oh take the pork of
course you will pig what's the matter
with you I'll tell you what's wrong with
me okay when you kiss me I feel like a
small fish getting eaten by a bigger
fish this is my mouth inside your mouth
no no it's not no dairy here look at you
any golf me you let the Bermuda Triangle
of kissers if I go missing everyone
searches esophagus what you always said
I was a great kisser yeah I also said
you were my first and I like your mother
people say things you like my mother she
peels the plastic of my new phone before
I even had a chance to appeal someone
who protective plastic off one when you
hate my mother because she builds her
plastic you dance right and maybe it was
a thing if she was better at keeping the
plastic on she wouldn't have had an
accidental child oh my god you're
totally out of wine
I don't think your father's your father
there I said it what are you kidding me
both of your parents have brown eyes and
your eyes are blue well these are from
my grandfather they're from an affair
okay all right I give up let's just
let's just eat and then give each other
some space of course give you love
that's what you do that's why you never
get promoted in Raj Kumar's your manager
oh my god I don't even racism can help
you Raj Kumar is my senior that's why he
got the promotion
that's the only reason if we both went
to the airport right now
you would be the one to get randomly
search that's how much you suck they
take their hand and stick it right up
your butt and I bet you'd like that
Wow to be real I'm not even sure if I
love you I know it said it in the card I
gave you but it was on sale we've been
to five or all the stuff I said I don't
mean it think I'm just hungry
boom boom oh one of my other girls as
well you guys this video give it a big
thumbs up you know the drill
lastly over there seconds I'll count
over just subscribe make new videos
every Monday and Thursday no part of my
book I'll be Boss one love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop
