would you file these please yeah I'll
get to this right after I'm done going
to Facebook for two hours want to go
make out in the supply room oh hey the
guys and I were just talking about your
booth I'm totally going to steal the
stapler hey can I see you in my office I
haven't exercised my authority yet today
Oh morning I really don't like you I
talk so much crap about you when I'm out
with my friends it out we know you as
the stupid girl from work such an
annoying voice thank you you have a good
day hey sorry I'm late I didn't want to
come oh come you tomorrow
no you won't I'm about to go get last
bird what I'll call in sick tomorrow
guess he just made out in the elevator
no you're fired a purely dumb and he's
me fuck at this job that's fine I hate
this job
Hey hello miss douchebags awesome hey
did you clues was a conflict I asked you
to know yeah I don't really know how to
do my job
same sorry she told me to say she's busy
in a meeting because she doesn't want to
talk to you
hey everyone guess who just got high
hahaha but I can take a message and
never get to her here's the receipt for
my birthday dinners that I expenses a
business meeting one second I'm on a
long-distance personal call you got what
I thought it wasn't contagious
my assistant is a moron I was talking
about doing how you're ruining my life
literally can't do anything right so ask
yourself whatever wants a girl
superwoman if you like this video what
to do give it a big thumbs up you can
check out my last video right over there
you want to check out the bloopers from
this video right over there on my second
channel other than that make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and
