whatever words a girl superwoman into
casual Fridays you know woke up in New
York when my liner and now I'm chilling
with Bill Gates what a huge honor thank
you so much for being on my youtube
channel this is proof this is not
Photoshop this is the real thing
happening right now closing it I don't
know they Leonard let me win don't
release an annual open letter discussing
basically how to change the planet and
this year's focus is on global health
touching on women's rights you release
this letter and obviously it has amazing
statistics in it I want to ask you about
do you actually think the world is
becoming a better place because
according to people on Twitter and we
can you see on social media sometimes it
feels like the world is kind of going to
hell them roll all epic fail so I
thought we could play this game I read a
tweet from someone who clearly has a
problematic life and I challenge you to
rebuttal that tweet with proof that the
world is actually a better place for
more humans are you awesome challenge oh
you bet okay okay
first world problems vs. real world
solutions my heated steering wheel broke
again they just don't make Cadillacs
like they used to what would you say to
this person well bad when you don't have
control over your life and you know
things surprise you one of the big
things that we've been working on is
making sure that women want to have
contraception have access there's about
300 million women using modern
contraception at about 200 million who
want it who can't get it one of our
goals is to get those tools out to those
women so they have control do more women
now have access consciousness absolutely
we've set a goal of closing that gap and
now we have over 50 million who didn't
have it before have it now but I guess
there Cadillac might you know I actually
bought a really nasty gross bottle of
wine and now I have to drink it or waste
25 bucks what would you say to this
person well it's terrible to waste money
I mean we've all got limited money we
want to get the best deal okay when it
comes to saving lives the best deal is
vaccines vaccines are cheap they only
cost a few dollars less than 25 dollars
would you say oh yeah a few dollars for
every dollar we put into vaccines the
economic benefits or
forty-four dollars so quite a good buy
so while you drink that nasty wine think
about that I ran out of Perrier so I
guess I have three days before I die of
thirst would you say to be specific well
water is pretty important I hope say I
find some kind of water very nice that
there's you know basic food is critical
because if you don't get enough your
body never fully developed so both
physically and mentally
you never achieve your potential and in
a lot of poor countries it's about 40%
of the kids never developed malnutrition
has been coming down about 5 percent a
year we're trying to figure out how to
make come down even faster but today
there's a third as many kids who have
problems as 15 years ago there you have
it for your Perrier I hate going to
Costco on my days off because the free
samples ruin my diet what would you say
to this person well it's great that they
have access to the free samples right
one thing it is really stunning is
what's happened with poverty we asked if
people could believe that had been cut
in half which is the truth
poverty is half today of what it was in
1990 but only 1% knew that 99% thought
hey that's way too good that could have
happened
they weren't even cured it improved at
all not to mention having less than half
as many people in poverty I did not know
that at all and I would like to also
point out there's no teleprompter saying
these facts they're actually just facts
you know which is very impressive Here I
am with my cue cards reading one toward
the camera isn't I'm not technically
have two remotes per TV and it annoys me
that people I'd say this zeroes is even
better because what we try to do with
disease is you know first we get the
numbers down save as many kids as we can
but then we decide to eradicate them and
they're the magic number is not 2 or 1
and 0 not a single kid in the world
browse the disease and right now we're
very close with polio with loss this
will be the last year any kid gets polio
and it would join smallpox as the second
big disease to be completely eradicated
wow that is amazing
so basically what you're saying to me is
that
even though almost every establishment I
go to charges extra for guac the world
is actually becoming a better place for
more people you bet the more people get
engaged the more progress we'll make the
goal of this exercise is to show you
that optimism is actually really
important knowing that when you are
generous and you do decide to make a
change it actually can make a difference
in the world and optimism is a big part
of your letter why do you think it's so
important that optimism is included this
year Americans are generous over 30
billion a year is given to save people
who have malaria or HIV so we should
thank them they should know that money
is not being wasted it's really changing
live so what you're saying is we should
keep doing our part to save the planet
because what we're doing is actually
working boom that's right even if you
like your boyfriend's old Instagram
picture even if you got to watch a 30
second YouTube at it even if snapchat
can't detect your face and now you can
use acute dr. the world is still becomes
a better place for more humans than ever
before now keep doing our part so even a
lot of amazing wonderful things I would
be doing myself a crime if I do not ask
you this is it true that you have to
school scheduling system yes well I was
in charge of the scheduling so I got to
decide who was in which document there
were a particularly nice group of girls
not that I ever talked to them or
anything but they were there sitting in
my classroom knowledge can also do other
things but not to save the planet it can
also improve your social life if you
choose to talk about oh I'm working on a
kinship or if you want to learn more of
these amazing facts and how you can
change the planet and the difference
we're all making you can read those
annual letters
what can you find it just on the web at
gates letter com there it is so easy
peasy lemon squeezy we didn't learn
learn how to change the world because
clearly we're changing it and clearly
we're going to do even better in the
future your best game amazing high-five
killing the game thank you so much
whoever who is the girl sukoon if you
liked this video click you should give
it a big thumbs up you can check out my
last video right over there second
channel right over there
bills letter is in the description and a
subscribe because together we can keep
changing the world one love superwoman
that is a wrap and
