look at this eggplant I grow to myself
in the garden oh my God look at this
text Paul sent me it has an eggplant
emoji look at my new shoes that's right
they orthopedics
so soft feel it spreading good for lower
back up numbers check out my new jeans
and a dress size too small and the back
of my foot is kind of bleeding but
you're there fire right my daughter is
studying with her friends she gets
straight A's
yo I told my mom we were gonna study and
she totally believed me imma take the
straight way I drink a five bottle of
water per day you know I'm very hydrated
your daddy was my one and only he the
only man I ever have relation with girl
I did it with Kevin acted it with Brian
I did it with Nick I'm true way for my
love like being on Backstreet Boys HBO
special norlamin I get down I get down
to move it all around okay man okay I'm
moving out all right
I'd get top hook and do poopoo right
away very smooth no difficulty yo it's
been two hours and 10 shots later and I
still haven't taken a piss and broken
the field Wow I got a discharge on sale
clearance because it has small hole in
it
hey this shirt cost $200 yeah Kylie
Jenner totally breathed on it I just
learned how to Google Facebook I'm
getting really good at technology i
deactivated Facebook because I'm
responsible and mysterious and hipster
I just learned how to send a text
message and I even use a happy face I
totally ignored Kevin stacks today I'm
happy to announce that I'm pregnant
death was not pregnant look at this
video of my grandson he just learned how
to roll over you'll check out this video
Jessica texted me and I wish she rolls
over oh when I was younger I worked
three jobs to pay the bill
dude I haven't gone to work all week I
texted in and said I was sick I've been
watching The Bachelor all day hello
everybody I am Wendy - saying you like
this video give me one a pen write this
type of less funny video over there
second a blogging channel right over
there read ordered my goggle book how to
be Bao Zhi Bao the link in description
right over it makes you the subscribing
I'm making new videos every Monday
involving you won a lot of money G but
that is a wrap and you put
