hang hey Alec forgot stream I need to
share that new Lynx is a new event now
we good yeah are we doing it well my
daddy want to see us together
literally on down times did you think
last year it would be easier than this
but apparently not apparently everything
wants to app is over because no one
wants to be in a relationship and be in
love with each other I don't know what
you saw last I'm a double check you can
hear me and see me first let's wait a
couple seconds because last thing I want
is to stuff my face with marshmallows
again and know that you never ever saw
anything that happens so there's standby
for someone to tell me that it's all
good sigh this is new event I promise
either two things gonna happen gonna
figure this out or never livestream
again so standby until next month to
figure it out
yo Joe what the hell god damn it anyways
it would good we're good okay I know
what you saw last I got seven
marshmallows in my mouth and almost
puked that's what happened let's just
start fresh right now to win the first
shout out go to facebook.com slash I
suppose i i i just posted a posting
share my last video to win a live shut
up that's people on my facebook right
now i'll let that sit for a few minutes
and I will give someone a shout-out so
head on over there and share to join
this conversation tweet me using the
hashtag ask superwoman live and I will
do your truths and your dares let's get
the Twitter thing up on the screen ask
superwoman live there it is boom that's
information could treat me at
iisuperwomanii and that's what's
crack-a-lackin' I let him get back into
truth or dare who's got a truth for me
who's got a dare for me someone give me
something fast that vodka back cuz we're
stressed okay we're gonna go back to
when we're done log cat delicious Lily's
doing herself to live streaming let's
carry on
let's carry on what you got for me
we got one more dare are you okay
team super Mumbai team super Mumbai
again a Russia okay oh they didn't see
it though doing it again okay we're
gonna have you go through and reply to
some tweets if you want we're gonna go
through and apply to some tweets I'm
going to apply some tweets with emojis
that don't make any sense related to the
tweet here we go all right I'm gonna
take my phone out right now boom boom
pow reply to some tweets right now I'm
gonna read you them out loud hold on a
second ba ba ba ba ba BOM all of us
disconnected from the Wi-Fi so that it
doesn't F up and now my phone's not
going to work so really everyone's oh no
it worked okay looks like she's
presenting news right now ha what a
cutie okay cm girl you getting an emoji
all these emojis will be one of my
recently used there you go I'm gonna do
one more and I do use new foreigners I'm
gonna do if you want to check out what
I'm responding to Twitter's rate can go
ask superwoman live as a hashtag hi
Simone III is my app man just give you
something like I want to truth I want to
dare in about four minutes or three
minutes i'ma give out another shush my
first shuttle from Facebook so head on
over there and share my last video the
post is already up there wake up posters
already up there and I'm gonna give you
a shout-out and don't worry I will stay
longer since August is open everything
awareness valve hunted everyone else is
fighting our couples our hot mess and
now this lashing just wants to be happy
god damnit everyone's racist give me
with the truth hit me with it err dare
dare dare three no go is this one okay
what is it
team superb Hinata and your friend hello
boys Oh humble the poet Jesus mm-hmm oh
my god banana
okay kill whinges okay I'm gonna do
something real quick : let's assume all
for a second you sell this banana
camouflages with my
all right now that is great okay if it
wasn't green this pan up you see how if
it was yellow you were not able to see
it right now
this is humble the poet type of banana
i'ma eat part of banana probably die of
poisoning cuz it's not a right
bah humbug colorblind and doesn't know
what he's doing are you here to what
come join me come get over here this guy
look at the smile on this thing she's
gonna eat a green without wedding humble
please this is a ripe banana we this is
literally the biggest rift in our
friendship
I believe say hi what crew zoom in can
we zoom in first of all a banana peel I
heard a lot of talk about you I'm gonna
defrost this and so what the f did you
hear that
okay delicious is that hairspray
literally this is like hairspray and I
know because I'll swallow a lot of
hairspray my life how long here
you came is banana comedy little bit
banana they're disgusting the point is
it was taken longer matters kids yeah so
doesn't matter do good job is just just
quantity of amalah tea
you know what I think happens I think
half an eye gets stuck in his beard and
he doesn't actually taste what he's
eating get out of my life stream all
right take your banana take your
asparagus take your broccoli pretend I
get after you yes thank you
all right about one minute I'm gonna
pick someone to give a shout-out to if
you haven't already done so
facebook.com/ such hi subbu my eyes
where you can go share my last post that
says share this video to win a live
shadow and if you want to join this
conversation ask Superman live is the
hashtag to use on Twitter I said woman I
am just joining you like what's going on
some special truth-or-dare edition and
we got fancy graphics up in this mother
effer
and you get them by clicking 9 here we
go ready and go
mm son in the production reduction all
right let me know um one if we should
wait one moment for Facebook and to what
our next tooth and theirs are and also
three how many people are watching since
I'm making them play hopscotch to watch
my livestream I also don't put that
vodka too far away you know it's not
that strong what we got give me some
info we get well because he said we have
90 room okay our next truth let's go
true from team super sxm team Super X s
X and s sx m has after you this what is
the most embarrassing thing you have in
your room what is the most embarrassing
thing I have in my room huh okay oh this
is truth right we're gonna be honest
here everyone's gonna be honest with
each other
I'm gonna preface this answer with I did
not purchase this in fact it was a gift
from one of you sickos okay when out of
pl box one of you sickos sent me this it
was a pleasure toy okay and when I was
moving chase who was packing my boxes
packed it in my bedroom box and when I
unpacked there was a sexual pleasure it
is currently still in my room did not
purchase it what are you sick fakes gave
it to me
you're the best fans ever I love you so
much continue alright I'm gonna give a
shut up to somebody one second the
person who won the shuttle let me just
sign it real quick give you my autograph
which by the way if you want my
autograph even more there's like 10,000
signed copies a boss book you want to
preorder this ish nearly since book.com
I sent 10,000 copies though this marker
is fuel filled with fumes here we go
first one the first shadow if your name
starts with a you did not win this
shutter I'm so sorry to do that to
whatever name starts with R you could
have possibly won the shut up reap
Sharma will you be my Valentine of zoom
in real goods we see it squeeze
if you miss that don't stress because at
mrs. alzira positive mind he'll be on my
channel in 17,000 events because I don't
add a livestream all right let's go if
you don't want that shout out don't
worry I got two more to go the next one
will be on Twitter speaking of Twitter
if you want to truth or Jeremy anything
ask supermoon live is the hashtag so
let's get it done son
truth or dare hit me true yes agent
unicorn agent you know agent unicorn I
like that what is your favorite thing to
do on loners day aka
loners day Bell got a loner first of all
I got thousands of people a team super
members just caressing my body right now
so I don't know what you're talking
about favorite thing to do it's trying
to live straight I can kidding I'm
kidding I hate trying to live you might
like live streaming I hate trying to do
it I'm the favorite thing I do I don't
like anything on Valentine's Day more so
the next day when all the candies on
sale I like that about that life all
someone does obnoxious and single people
that just like hates everyone's in a
relationship on vows and that person I
can admit I'm like oh well you think is
so cool you know when people are in
relationships and just hate
relationships so everything they do is
offensive you know I see two people look
at those videos eating crackers and oh
Sh everything's offensive that's what I
hate about Valentine's Day without the
question moving on okay we got a dare
for your next yeah God what you got what
you got Justin from Instagram mm-hmm
there's you to eat a slice of tomato
because he knows you hate Justin boom
Instagram no zoom in on these first of
all I despise Tomatoes according to me
tomatoes are from that this is a devil's
food according to me look at these
slices first of all the size of the
slice is listen this is big as not on
this side right here oh my god I can't
get all the all my Justin what the ass
man you ain't get none is booty tonight
Justin none of it I hate the smell of it
too oh my god I it's good old still eat
skittles
cowboy take a bite if we're just down by
cuz I could go
oh so bad so bye
all right follow me father oh my
goodness okay where Bangkok come on do I
hear welcome back
oh fucking corn that was only one bite
and up I'm gonna I'm gonna leave that
what that was the worst thing anyone's
ever asked me to do Justin from
Instagram I'm a double tap your mother
effing pimple all right here we go Oh
God how does anyone eat tomatoes they're
so gross
ketchup though different story love
ketchup let's move on let's get a truth
faith mccords faith McCourt
sounds like a stage name hello and hey
from court she wants to know how do you
wash your hair how do I wash my hair
well is real simple right what I do is I
first I get in the shower I get naked
and then I use half a liter of shampoo
and that's how I have any definition of
my arms I will first do the front
besides I gotta slip over like this I do
the back okay I do the tips and I
probably wash my hair twice every single
time this first time does nothing that's
how I wash my hair how do you wash her
doesn't wash it I like that I think you
like I think you wash your hair I don't
wash my hair you're right you're right I
don't wash me it's just long and
luxurious and wonderful on its own
okay next true true from ah
this is gonna be from Jeff balloon Jeff
balloon I like balloons uh if you were a
mermaid mermaid if I was a mermaid I am
in fact a mermaid what color would you
tell me my tail oh okay my okay
two-part question no big deal my tail
would be like a mood ring it would
switch according to my mood so it would
be like a nice yellow happy yellow most
of time but anytime I need to livestream
it will turn into a raging mother effing
red and after that tomato it would also
turn into a raging mother Epping red but
it would be like multicolored rainbow
like skittles just like that and I am a
mermaid ass I don't how to swim carry on
we're gonna go to a dare dare my god I'm
so we're coming from the tomato this one
only involves your singing voice uh
y'all want me to think that's not a dare
that's just a to be honest a privilege
for all of you to be honest
Cory would like to hear you sing a love
song to Derek for Valentine's sorry a
little bit tomato came up I love time
for Derek you know these Otto people
checking if I'm peaking of course I'm
peaking nah okay Derek get over here
yeah get over here stop playing the
camera over here stop playing with
camera let me play with you boy go with
you get over here it's like who's has
his tweet again stick Derek kraslow
Derek fat low set this sweet okay so a
love song for Derek okay here we go you
ready yeah don't get too hot and
bothered though you know anyway I want
you to stay in control of yourself
I'm gonna control okay I'm gonna try to
run be good I get so excited in my tubes
when I touch your boob get me hot and
bothered wanna have a baby you'll be the
father and your eyes so blue
battle with the tool I would school and
then I use a hammer and make a nail and
I make it all when you like get that
part of my life about of you all right
there we go there we go what Buddha was
real nice I liked it
ok ha ha ha that's good I like that you
coming the second shout out in just a
minute what you got to do is you got
it's real simple to be honest it's what
you've already been doing
use the hashtag ask supalen live the
person who asks the best truth question
according to Kyle's discretion will win
a shout out but we're not that simmer
for a few minutes and tell them keep the
truths coming keep the dares coming also
preorder it loosing Volcom pre-order
because I'm telling you to preorder it
ok
what happened why buy what interrupted
by what it's Skippy now like it's at
your book we're not far body okay well
my my hold up our objective is that one
upstairs disconnected me oh oh okay
we're good
I don't know Stan what's happening we're
good that I understand what's happening
right now proving the Wi-Fi is not
cooperating doesn't want to the Wi-Fi is
interrupting with our love connection
right here but I'm game I've used 700
events I'm gonna get the flag thing done
is it done okay let me know if you
people are watching by the way I keep
burping up tomato twelve thousand I that
said twelve first and I was gonna be
like it doesn't number it's fine am I
ever never drink up twelve
I was gonna be like whoo after my
mascara for twelve okay but I mean
twelve people are so very important I
love you all part of my book anyway so
hit me with the truth even with the Dare
and keep an eye off a good true Pingo
shadow to love mm-hmm laws of love yeah
we like to know who is your favorite
stranger things
who's my favorite stranger things
character okay here's the thing I have a
personal connection with Noah and that
he is my adopted son here's the thing if
I was his mom for reals he would have
never gotten abducted by that monster
because I would have been a better
parent in the film to be honest um but I
really am a fan of Millie Bobby Brown we
have the same agent as well and I've met
her twice and she's just so damn smart
and it was like goddamn I get why her
nose was always bleeding cuz she's like
so much knowledge so much knowledge you
need this great so that's that's that's
my answer that okay how do we in strange
your thing season two is coming up not a
paper motion just from my heart have a
hot here let's carry on
oh we got a person who won the shout out
okay someone's the cock move right in
your neck can you zoom in on my face
right now
Kyle could be writing your name right
now what Kyle could be writing your
fabulous sexy sexual name right now on
that piece of paper which think about
that you like that said if you feel hot
hot in your socks in between your toes
you're getting sweaty read Kyle's
writing Kyle what the f is this
oh I understand you put me a name
tag okay Kyle's getting advanced up in
here the personal one they shout out you
guys tell me what their truth is after
okay cool first let me give a shout to
live as Alessia knows all girl you do
know all that's what's up
thanks for being here and for being you
all wait I gotta sign it first let me
give you a little signature boom boom
boom boom boom boom
here we go you screenshot this if you
want if you mince it differently you can
pause rewind app is flashing was done
it'll be separated class seventeen
thousand events on my youtube channel
what's the question I was asked the
truth what type of person do I like to
date if I could describe the person the
perfect person today they'd be funny
have about like 11 million subscribers I
mean I need long hair I believe a rap
ability to reference their shirts into
their sentences um moody that looks
right and maybe maybe your nose right
now kind of makes the no yeah you just I
could pretty much be me but a male
version the next much to ask that exist
that is this male version me that's me
yeah great that's why that to carry on
let's go sub six God okay Jennifer as a
dare for you yeah you're gonna like this
one oh my god Jenna hair yeah affair
what you dared me to do go Jennifer
what you oh my goodness I can't even
look I'm just why did I agree to this
by the way I'll see my team choice of
where that came today check the blog
come our to see my reaction just said
what all my good all my goodness
gracious what thought F is this the
cinnamon did you buy cinnamon I don't
own no cinnamon oh okay this is a very
large food this is a very large food I'm
gonna fill this halfway Oh Jennifer I've
done this once before it was horrendous
Oh hold on them you know what let me tie
up my hair real quick because do I'd
rather glad sure don't worry okay wait
hold on well at least it's gluten-free
okay
want to zoom in on this plebs when you
die when you thought your fans loved you
but really they just watch your dad it's
supposed to be a smaller spoon I was
like it's supposed to be a smaller spoon
a school that's my parents corn if this
was a smaller spoon it would be full
glass swallows well I guess I just try
my best is that how this goes yeah yes
why comment below with your sexual
innuendo shut the F up okay ready
I can use my water thank you so much for
the permission ru snapchatting this what
you where's my vlogging camera we're
gonna do this right here we go okay hold
up who dat is Jennifer Jennifer this is
for you baby because it's Valentine's
Day and I just want to give you a good
gift and this apparently is it for some
reason okay ready
usually when people put on their mouth
right away take off I'm gonna resist
that urge why cuz of a super woman and I
want you to preorder my booking okay
most important what I mean okay
looks like the aftermath of my 21st
birthday
give me the vodka what do I pay you for
napkins know anything about I know he
was a band ever
whoever takes out my trash can be like
what that ever happen that was easy
whatever love easy
I'm glad you all enjoyed that that was
way more painful than I remember
everything is on fire um let's give a
gun you want to go with a backside a
scoop I'm alive my functions out what I
didn't miss my mother give her the most
action I'll be getting all Valentine's
Day right here okay let's do it
keep coming roots let's go to Julie
blocks Julie box she has asked you what
you think a Girl Scout cookie my
favorite girl stuck first of all I'm
from Canada we don't really have that
many options all right um I guess the
the mint ones I don't know what I don't
know
oh no my back and my back you should see
my face when we're gone for a second I
was like you zoom in I'm assuming I'm
assuming I was like every time this
camera goes out in livestream starts you
should see my stops you see my face I'm
like who's going to die right now which
one helico and dad right now
that's super bud to the Dare get this
food out of my sight both of these
things on my site sure okay true boxers
or briefs boxers or briefs boxers
I think boxers are cute weaves are like
I don't want you know hair you know I'm
right guys even boxers I'm good with the
bosses no I'm saying I see too much
amazing Johnson just one single page for
this embarrassing thing you've ever done
embarrassing thing I've ever done in
front of a guy I like i sexy Drake a
picture of me dressed as my dad does
that count he said he liked my dad
character and I'd text him a picture
that was like asthma to me a dozen
characters I was in front of him I just
want to really just let you know that I
sexy drink I was going about um what my
friends think I'm a fun guy
I love
you know what being embarrasses being
embarrassed is subjective I don't get
embarrassed very often to be honest
that's my answer
though if you choose how to get
embarrassment good nurse give me another
one give me with another one one more
truth mm-hmm mm-hmm that's do we are one
more those like right yes oh okay cool
mmm nali nali malice mattis mattis uh if
you were pet that was a pun would you be
why that was a pet which one would I be
and why
mmm first of all I'd like to say good
question
but I'm surprised dull and getting more
spicy up in this thing right here I'm
surprised you took a gulp of cinnamon
y'all who asked about pet it's cute I'm
answer but you know questions about
booty I guess the boxers and briefs one
okay if I was a pet which one where I'd
be I would be a puppy because I would be
loyal I'm hella loyal um I'm a girl with
puppy yeah sometimes I go on snapchat
with like a popping on you use the
filter they advise the filter off me if
I look at if you if I if I use the
snapchat filter use a public filter you
just a picture me cuz I'm too naturally
adorable very pebble yes yeah touch your
boobs later back into the dares mm-hmm
looking to the dares guy and still taste
the tomato and cinnamon and thanks to
torture oh my god no no no no no no no
would like to see you eat and olive you
know what this is why I shouldn't tell
you all about me because y'all taken
advantage of my weaknesses first of all
I hate olives
okay they look like is that how all it
smells
first of all okay let me just say that
olives are like evil grapes look at the
person I thought might cry who asked
this question who else is there
Lindsey Lindsey what's their full name
is Lindsey Lindsey there's the way is
their seat in this house we olives
there's no see I just I got this one's
about students eating this so it's a
technically I could just swallow this
okay please you could right you gotta
meet let's get beside of my two angles
like he'll do you think over by the half
but yeah cheer up come on just press it
your skill there's a hard thing yeah no
you know I'm talking about for supper
that Dane over there in the corner with
no cinnamon and tomatoes and your
goddamn mouth right now
Jennifer you know what's perfect is a
second view a little shot glass oh yeah
thank you for being here thank you for
your dear uncle uncle people let's go
crowd go gaga up that's going down it's
slow bye oh my god horrible
bones oh my gosh wonder to scroll back
oh my gosh hurt we're gonna flick
shipping fleet in my mom I can't get the
vodka are horrible
oh my father was right
I don't wake up
I don't want any what that is the worst
bat oh my god dance worst I've ever had
in my life over to the cinnamon
challenge three more times than everyone
all again I was horrendous
Thank You Jennifer how you go in the
next hour let me tell you now we open
again intimate even the next time I go
on my Instagram I posted a picture like
this pencil be my Valentine teen super
common goals and asks civil I've sent
you don't have the picture comment below
the picture and we'll pick someone to
give a shout-out to I'm gonna take the
world's biggest pop back with live
stream by the way to be multicolored my
limbs are multicolored is what's gonna
be hey wanna Twitter there notice me
senpai hmm would like to know is it true
truth
what is your bra size what is my broth
giggles faster what is my bra size you
know what you gonna think I'm lying but
let me just let me just quote voices
here and say I'm a tomboy with a fig DUP
okay let me just quit I'm pretty sure
I'm a 34d yeah believe it or not I'm a
DFU believe it okay I'll take a picture
to show to you a / that's right 32 or 30
40 I think they're for you I think I'm
allergic to olives because like lamb my
mom's on fire right now
you like olives and you taste them
they're disgusting right
hey pour vodka actually made it better
epidemic vodka mix everything better
okay here we got him with a shooter dare
we got a dare a decorate Oh Gary time
again
thanks again re on Instagram what's up
she wants you to put box on me put boss
on you without using your hands
oh my I mean I got some olive Tomatoes
cinnamon breath right now B we'll get
over here let's do this I gotta put
boughs on to Kyle without using my I
want to see if I come up be honest like
I'm gonna puke uh no just calm down I
did already be our beef cows is
destroying the set no big deal okay here
we go you ready for this boo
this might be the most action you've
gotten from a woman in a long time or
ever here we go okay for the last
livestream point yeah yeah yeah hey yeah
how are you doing it no hands mm and I
also only date Indian guys oh by the way
I don't only do indian guys holla at me
I'm down I'm down
I don't worry I've dated attorney guy
before I've dated a black guy before me
all we did was tell hugs I count I did
it uh I mean I'm open
let me know boom I think you look great
by the way
I do think you look great hit me with
the to the did you didn't know ladies
and you can comment a lot
you want to win the last shout out
comment on my last Instagram picture
saying ask Superman live sent you
DoubleTap that picture where he fucking
depended Columbus olives in ordering the
conversation hashtag ask Superman live
is what you got to do is on Twitter
tweet me yet iisuperwomanii I and know
while we're here
genuinely want to pre-order my book
listen book calm comes up March 28th
which you can pre-order it now um we'll
talk more about the later here we go hit
me okay this is I hope you men pass
anymore tissue paper please we got a
spicy truth spicy truth okay here we go
from Jimmy Murray get me Maury asking
when it comes to good when it comes to a
guy okay this is actually not be a
little too dirty
okay becomes too dirty okay no you
already committed now here we go what
comes to guys
Tector tickles it detective okay so
let's react that question one more time
cuz apparently no one heard it oh no
can we go okay this is from Jenny Marie
uh-huh when it comes to a guy when comes
with that sad go for the motion of the
ocean sizes the boat of motion in the
ocean I must say the size of the boat
kind of terrifies me as I said I don't
want to be rolling up having a romantic
date and all of us on the Titanic so
yeah I'm like yo I'm s a motion of the
ocean I don't want no one feel bad so
motion in the ocean not that I would
have any damn cool about any of that so
let's ask this question sim on Twitter
some on twit once no that's never true
truth who's this celebrity man crash
Jeremy come on woman she'll be my gosh
Carly's a bin yesterday was when Rob
translates down into our drops room I'll
be doing the backgrounds and straight up
and down
here we go the person who won the last
shout out what you had to do is just one
Instagram comment sink ask Superman lies
semi and you're just that picture it is
Jane Marie Mira can we hug ASAP please
anything miss that don't worry F is live
team is done you can pause rewind
screenshot dois so thank you so much for
being you're appreciated wait here for
about 10 more minutes so you got to ask
your spiciest true questions give me
some good dares right now join the
conversation I asked superwoman light it
was going on you're just joining all
portions of every month I do ask one lie
but today the special Valentine's
truth-or-dare edition maybe you don't
understand it so maybe you need graphics
to understand that here we go
laughter the king zoom in real close to
my nostril so you can see what my
nostrils do the what a production you
see that you see that you see nozzles
why not answer you yeah that's great
hit me with the truth help me when it
there
hit me with some hit me okay
mm-hmm next one's a good one next one's
a good one what is that truth or dare
that's that dare god damn it okay this
is going to be from Lily's baby unicorn
Lily's baby you go baby my baby okay
how dare you to call in sick from a job
you don't have oh my god I got a cute up
to call Starbucks ten oh my goodness I'm
bad what's your name gonna be I don't
know amber what's her name super oh did
she have any news baby unicorn uh Akhil
no Aki Aki Aki loves to deliver you a
key
oh I feel so bad where they yell at me
someone just call and be like hey just
want you to know I can't cut all my
goodness gracious oh my goodness it's a
hiccup okay where when to wedding to
freeze yeah I might have ran out
well horrible math I think you're fine
okay
come on oh there we go we're good levels
are back okay but call in sick to a job
I don't have median a sign I shouldn't
do it okay hip it up Colin thank you for
calling your friendly oh it's gonna
customer service okay find a better one
oh I been better iCal adjusted there
yeah okay
hello what if you put your thing on
private okay and I call nada asking for
Brandel information for me the lab buddy
that's right yeah yeah on her office her
office I have her office number turn my
thing on yeah my phone turn myself on
private I'll call nada unless she's
watching this jerk she's watching just
kidding welcome back to that we're gonna
go back to that finally step find
another place okay give me two third in
the meantime we are going to go with oh
okay now that you got the nasty that
realness okay I'm going to do any of
these real nice ones
okay what Kyle he's like one of your
bothering Bob running balking who the
true the busy with that and so this
place started truth be honest from
Audrey Lucia mm-hmm have you ever pooped
or peed yourself okay so you know you're
peeing pants a song but this is for the
fifth time I've had this conversation in
the past month apparently every adult I
know his poop their pants except for me
I feel like I'm missing out
I've never pooped my pants ever but I
have peed I've peed in bed especially
there's a couple years ago when I was
coming back from like somewhere overseas
thing with India and was so jet-lagged I
went to sleeping had a dream I was
peeing but then I woke up at night nmp
there was pee everywhere
okay I've never crapped my pants am I
missing
everybody else hears poop their pants
you ampitheatre as I'm saying Auggie
damn why people be poking their pants
like normal up here
oh maybe we could pop it and burn it
into our skin we didn't know now I know
I'm not in the mood to the day we got
truth from Sierra
she's from Sierra what does the word
soon mean to you
what's in of the words solution can you
zoom in a little bit the word soon can I
get an alternate pronunciation please
soon soon soon
oh can you use it in a sentence what is
your definition of sins what is your
definition of soon can I get the origin
of the word please
you're the media social media okay
anything so means when I decide I ain't
gonna be some basic mother effin person
and just post tour dates in an Instagram
picture or in a tweet because I am
evolved and creative and will create a
magnificent script and video to announce
tour date that blows your mother effing
sucks up let me know if you want me to
be more basic soon great we can't add
air next was a dead tree 14 yeah we like
Toby except we like to leave one laugh
with
you
good but good sorry we apparently today
what the hell is this huh we apparently
today have no batteries no Wi-Fi no
nothing to cooperate without to
participate yes everything we're fine
today hey I'm Evan oh okay let me see at
once this will be our last dare a laugh
yeah oh my god master I dare you to get
up on your desk and wine your bumper for
us get up on my desk
and wine my bumper Bridget this is out
there this is what I do every other day
you wearing a pan up okay I get to have
a song give me some last shot up in this
joint come on now for spotting off his
desk and support my weight I'm just put
that out there okay let's do Michelle
why Michelle zoom in real quick because
Marshall has been kind enough to allow
me to use all of his music copyright
free alright what you liked a lot you
got a fall attack the beginning here
comma get up on this thing right here oh
no I'm good I'm holding it door I'm not
responsible if anything block off right
now okay
stay true for my Twitter that is on much
more where that came from but find
myself up pretty bake up rain upon us
no I'm not gonna zip up we're done
sittin on your cock girls did a poop
yeah look at the pants okay good okay I
believe run into wha-wha-what more tools
without that me no no we're gonna cool
okay hold on this leg oh I want to say
we all go talk I'm sorry for all the
technical difficulties I'm trying to
upgrade livestream game as you can see
but it's a work in progress because in
my opinion life you should be stream but
it's not that there's 7,000 buttons you
have to pee in a cop you have to F
inside yourself with a needle and then
you can live zoom apparently so iPod at
all technical difficulty steady we're
chopping it out if you talked it out I
just on the 14th of every month and from
this point on I decided that every live
stream will be seemed today's was truth
or dare if you need visuals for that
but I want you to tell me what the next
livestream should be should be
challenges should be having guests let
me know and I will make it happen for
you happy Anniversary team super this is
at the five year anniversary of ask some
love I've been doing this for five years
once a month holy crap I have no life
and I really love you is what that means
happy Valentine's Day really you're
single whether you're in a relationship
good F cares Valentine's Day is about
love and the person you love the most is
yourself
alrighty imma end this by saying a
positive thought before I get to that I
do want to say real girl talking without
all jokes aside I usually don't care
about numbers and I'm gonna maintain
that I don't care what numbers but as an
author this is my first book I really
would I would be like over the moon if I
got a best-selling book that would be
like something where I'm like oh crap
this is like a really big achievement
for teamsuperman for myself you want to
put on my book it is available right now
releasing book calm is where you need to
go it is available March 20th everywhere
in stores but before it goes on sale
March 28th it's important to sell books
because that's all get me on the list if
you're down to support it's a guide on
how to not just survive life but conquer
it really same book commas reckon going
if you don't want to do that they tell
me shut up and I'll shut up if we go I'm
going to end on a positive thought now
the positive thought is going to be it's
something I mentioned in my blog
actually little while ago and it goes
back to the idea that I just ate in my
life and all live and bit of tomato and
this women challenge for you is
sometimes when you grow older you think
about oh I need to take care of myself
when you to love myself as I just said
but there's a difference between loving
yourself and being selfish and I do feel
like when you're friends and you have
family people you really really care
about it is ok to once in a while bend
over backwards and inconvenience
yourself for your friends it is worth it
and you should do it and the people that
are important in your life
you should do things to support them and
help them out that's what love is about
that so Valentine's Day should be about
message your friends your loved ones
your families let them know yeah I got
your back I support you and I appreciate
you and but me too you team super I love
you
I appreciate you and I can I will I can
only hope to support you in every such
way thank you for spending this little
bit of time with me until the 14th of
next month and let's be real after I say
goodbye we're going to take five minutes
how to end this livestream but sending
lots of hugs and kisses and teleport
teeth of next month one love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop just shoot it
with a gun just shoot a gun
you
