I'm in one and my life I'm at my life is
this happening is exactly one of them is
real super holy crap live-streaming will
be the absolute death of me I will
always be late no matter what
holy crap if his livestream was my
period I'd be pregnant because I Evan
hate everything about this but in fact
it is Valentine's it it is the
anniversary
I've asked superb in life I sincerely
hope you can hear me and you can watch
me some a very special edition I'm not
gonna get into any special tricks yet
because I'm a wait for people to flood
in and hopefully kind of confirm that
y'all can see this cuz right now I'm I
talk to myself which would which would
make a lot of sense for Valentine's Day
because that would be very own brand for
me but welcome baby fun fact I started
asked some live like five years ago on
the 14th of February and we're all gonna
be told up and a thumbs up all good so
this is our anniversary not just
Valentine's Days our five year
anniversary of azkaban life you have my
Valentine you're my longest relationship
I FN love you in this ask Superman live
which is the livestream I'd 114th of
every month is any special edition why
why why because it is truth or dare
edition that's already hit the intro
retro
hmm the production the production the
production I'm dying right now how do
you want to get in trouble taking
involved K what you guys do is you got
to tweet me using the hashtag ask
Superman islets on your screen right
over there use that hashtag
give me some truths or dares and I will
do a whole bunch of truth and a whole
bunch of dares for one hour on top of
that I'll be giving away shoutouts one
not one two not two but three shoutouts
Rach hold up your name on a piece of
paper and then make out with a piece of
paper so if that interests you in any
such way stay tuned I'll also be tell
you updates about my life and ending
with the positive thought as I always do
without further ado I think we should
just give this a second let's just start
with some truth sir there's I already
know although we're going to be raptured
as hell with the truth or dares
Platteville's behind the camera cows
over here everyone's a hot effin mess
well that's at the started truth or dare
tweet me using the hashtag ask supalen
live come hit me what are we doing for
is the truth or dare
we're doing truth truth fuckers just do
it you guys Sam P autumn this is
relevant hmm asking are you actually
going to clean up that man are you
actually gonna clean up that lamp was
the question well guess what I did
before this livestream started I cleaned
up the lamp that's right that's why I
got stitches real quick and this
livestream was late because I cleaned up
the lamp boom you can do tomorrow's vlog
I clean up the lab I didn't lean up the
black lamp the lamp I came to my entire
room so boom how's that for some truth
next you got another one we're going to
keep it easy right now okay
okay what is it a truth or dare it's the
truth okay the truth is truth galaxy
free final five galaxy freak 505 what's
that what's up is asking if you were not
a YouTube creator mmm-hmm what would you
be if I was not a YouTube creator what
would I be I mean obviously a stripper I
feel like people just look at me and
they see that they're like oh damn I'll
go to probably Oh screw you no
don't-don't-don't obviously proven just
do it but I
honestly was getting it's like college
degree I probably a counseling
psychologist I probably would have hated
that probably would have dropped out and
probably would've uh been silent√≥ I
made a viral video just saying next to
me hey babe
our first dare mm-hmm comes from Matthew
from Instagram today already
oh my god quick I'm nervous I didn't
realize that there's also dares with the
truth others okay okay you yeah - oh I
shot gasses them but I like I Matthew
when you'll be friends Matthew we can be
friends
what am I please tell me it's alcohol
not like piss or something hey shot of
vodka
I shot a one cup I mean what kind of
dare is this is just what I do on
Tuesdays UK hold up you actually use
leave this right here actually I am
Matthew happy Valentine's Day I'm a
cheap drunk after this I'll probably
take my top off for you all right please
note I did not take a chaser you know
why cuz I'm an OG because I'm gonna oh
gee that's why what do we what do we Cal
telling me something like I can read his
mind right now now that you're taking a
shit okay good good good yeah we'll get
to that we'll get to that
how can you join this conversation I
know you're saying - I want to do find
the fun pebble can you zoom in on me a
little bit wanting to see my face I know
you're wondering how can you join this
one I'm gonna tell you right now treat
me using the hashtag ask superwoman
live I'll answer all of your truths I
will do your dares I'm out here for 60
minutes Valentine's Day extravaganza son
okay I did a shot of vodka not a lot I
felt that I was have a shot of vodka
also now they're all paying attention
what a pre-order of my book you know
it's been said that this book has helped
improve your grades clear your skin and
increase your fiber intake just sayin
tripled every dollar losing book calm no
side effects except for Awesomeness
no big deal let us andhere's let's go
hey someone tell me at one point so how
many people are here by the way if you
can pull that back for me later on you
know Yolo
hmm okay on our next truth is from team
super is fam team super is fam what's up
what's up how do you make your morning
smoothie how do I make my morning
smoothie let me break it down for you
right i take my magic bullet not a brand
deal is just amazing take my magic
bullet I put some frozen berries I put
some bananas which crucial point are
yellow let me show you something not
yellow this marker is not yellow that
truth is not yellow that is green I take
a yellow banana I cut it up I use about
half okay berries mango protein powder
on the milk I'll blend that issue real
nice okay I put a sprinkle of confidence
and I chug that ish except at the bottom
because those parts don't get blended so
I don't drink all of it then I give the
rest of problem because he will
literally eat or drink anything it's
ridiculous
thanks a question big this is fun give
me some more let's go a little bit on my
pony so what time it is let's go let's
go
and don't worry Nova started late I will
stay later don't worry I will I will
make this go later mmm next we're gonna
do dare a dare jeez from if it's another
vodka shot someone's got to hold my hair
I'm just saying on Facebook Kazak on
Facebook okay
asking you that be nice to me baby stuff
as many marshmallows what you just have
all the stuff on standby over there
behind that Blackard what the okay stop
there's many marshmallows in my mouth is
that the chubby bunny challenge rather
say chubby bunny after I probably got
real close into this beautiful area of
mine I want you to see all those pimples
and hi-def high-back one in front okay
somebody count for me well can't help
but notice you've got the biggest
marshmallows possible known to humankind
no big deal this is what cows belly
looks like this is cows booty okay right
who's in account we have a garbage here
right just John just ink it up one
chatty bunny ears ooh - chubby bunny oh
my god some wisdom teeth all over again
three Hey
Oh
hmm
did
