straight up you your grandma and grandma
first playing about to relate to this
video whatever one is a girl superwoman
and one of the biggest first world
problems I faced on almost a weekly
basis is not knowing the name of a song
that I really like I hear a song I love
it but I have no clue who sings it and I
will literally go through hell and back
to figure it out now the story of this
exact song in this video is Trudeau what
up t-shirt reference so I was with my
friends in Mexico and we heard this song
tension transition why are we
transitioning what about in a chipotle
fun yeah got it
rewind so I was alone driving in Los
Angeles and I heard this song is this
taxi
it's like love that first listen that's
it this song is especially your new jam
you can spread that issue on bread every
morning eat it for breakfast okay except
for what's that for the coke no prob Bob
technology bra you're Melanie okay
should then that is dance then they're
headed and it's ten cents so that's it
ahead attendance we didn't quite catch
that
therefore the artists of probably future
whatever you're putting the actual song
when you're a musician can took from
this point forward you'll start making
up the words for the song you think you
know so I even exact see both no-ho-ho I
even exactly going on mommy mommy Go Go
no banana taxi and even though you know
the words you're saying or wrong does
that prevent you from screaming room at
the top of your lungs in public
hell not you commit job I know I got
thank you sir job on goes on my desk is
George Osborne also law and I know what
you're thinking okay how was she able to
carry open if she didn't know the name
of the song but that would have ruined
my joking from my channel so as I was
saying now you're so desperate to find
this song that you start googling the
lyrics that you think you know she she
taxi and I want a taxi very taxi in
Chicago know what really shy found it
above the taxis then at this point you
start asking around so what do you do
you start humming the song to your
friends obviously God because you're a
pro beat boxer here's what you think you
sound like you know what's that farmer
goes boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom
we win
what's it but 100% of the time this is
what you actually sound like hey what's
this articles like to call wait wait you
mean like distance dings incidences
intention thinking didn't you just no no
it was like system Dylan and Jensen
Dylan and and time Dylan and a distance
in Tanana wait you don't we this song to
you yes this function and since finished
I sound exactly like that how drunk I
thought the first time I said it
yeah I don't know but when you find that
 your life completely changes your
basically Justin Bieber and now you've
got this play that H on reaching
exactly little bottle and taxi taxi
that is until eventually oh my god you
I'm so sick of this damn song what's
this you know just like that video if
you did give it a big thumbs up link to
my last video right over there bloopers
for this video right over there pretty
much well bottom right there's Trudel
other than that if you subscribe because
I make new videos every Monday and
there's a one love superwoman that is a
wrap and
