happy Monday everyone let's kill this
week Ryan Gosling is so cute MCM I have
such a crush on Big Sean do what you
love and you'll never have a problem
with Monday just why are you sitting
like that so you can see my whole outfit
silly by the way my shirt is forever21
my jeans are Topshop my shoes are adidas
and Rene Cortese did my hair the wind in
my hand the Sun in my eyes and the open
road this is freedom my hair is so
healthy and long it's probably because
of these sugar bear gummies I've been
eating yeah I want to mr. clean -
Rapunzel in 1 month and my breakfast my
breakfast I have breakfast looks freed
up orange my breakfast I'm gonna eat
this my breakfast ok that looks good by
the way I just uploaded a new video
check it out
I'm starting a live video awake alive
left on the way up I feel blessed by the
way have you guys watched when your
video yet not yet I'm too busy having a
blast with my favorite ladies no new
friends and I'm having a blast
getting in shape in my new waist trainer
yeah I've gone from a size 5 through
size 1 in just two weeks
Spahn dreams come a size too big so we
can grow into hey remember when we were
growing up
what's that shall we used to all watch
I'll tell you on Thursday by the way I
just uploaded a new vlog tell three of
your friends Starbucks
I got a Starbucks I'm drinking this my
navy nine even my mom I'm starting a
live video all this conversation has
made me thirsty
I'm parched thank God I have my 50 with
me I love this stuff
here's my skin improved my grades and
lowered my phone bills you know what
they say the darkest nights produced the
brightest stars what does that have to
do with what's happening right now by
the way did you watch when you vote yet
let me know what your favorite part I
did I can watch anything on the go with
Verizon Wireless with just a simple
click I'm surfing the web partner not
all those who wander no caption damn
that's deep hey hey I'm starting a live
video oh no one cares ugh I know why I
don't care about my new video look at my
watch you want this watch to use my
discount code one for three watch
current mood I'm starting a live video
I'm starting a live video I'm starting a
live video oh oh I don't care wait
London I'm starting a live video watch
before then whatever words a girl's
simple we hope you enjoyed that video if
you did you know what to do give it a
big thumbs up check out my last video
right over there
second vlog channel right over there
make sure you put it on my books in the
square somewhere wherever this in the
description as well I would Lana she's
blessed because I give it every Monday
and Thursday where did that have a good
day one love superwoman that is a wrap
and go
