oh my god I forgot to add kids whatever
everyone it's a girl superwoman and let
me just preface this video by saying I
actually love kids in fact I have 3
nephew that I adore tremendously
now that community I'm wonderful and
loving let me tell you five reasons why
I can't have my own annoying gratitude
number one movie I could literally see
the devil ripping out someone's soul in
a horror movie and I still wouldn't be
as scared as being a little girl in a
white dress horror movies are scientific
evidence that kids are the root of all
evil
straight over my kids start acting
creepy I would have zero tolerance
honestly I might even named my daughter
Felicia just felt easier to say bye to
her in case she gets with us Felicia
go wash up for dinner please but Billy
and I aren't hungry yet Billy your
unicorn no he's my best friend and he's
sitting beside me right now say hi mom
don't ignore him mom
pack your bags moving in with Daddy
I feel free to call whatever home record
heat with mommy bye Felicia we got
number 2 uselessness okay how do I sense
in a slight way okay I got it kids are
idiot if you don't supervise a kid for
three seconds they somehow end up in the
dumbest situation I want to help okay
put this shirt on a hanger for mommy oh
how put your seatbelt on sweetie okay
good go how okay now be careful and
don't spill it okay mother
how can you f up everything so quickly
stopping for the Trump number three my
vajayjay here's the thing right I enjoy
when my vagina is intact because bitches
belong in a Shawn Mendes all not hoo-ha
here's all the things that I couldn't do
is my vagina was tangled lunges
snow angels split oh wait i'm not logan
paul i couldn't do this with you the way
the point is my vagina says you know
what that hell no now remember for
setting an example let me be crystal
clear good
I'm a hot mess and the last thing I need
to do is adjust my behavior because some
punk kid is gonna copy everything my hot
mess of those like stop jackin my swag
Lu missing two of our students got into
a fight and your daughter asked actually
if she wants her to snatch her by her
weave and cut a home oh god dude sick
what a good friend I mean my goodness
that language I fear your daughter may
be mentally unstable justin dresses up
as different character than talks to
herself what okay I have no idea where
she learned that hmm my daughter's going
to be out there getting me in trouble
with teachers given machi everywhere
like y'all make just get bitches
Barack learn that respect that hit that
tattoo on your forehead
we can't be parental permission that
would be me collect ourselves number
five fake phrase I believe in a real
authentic feedback that makes someone
better and allows them to grow okay when
you have kids you have to pretend all
their fucking Asst doesn't suck and I
don't think lying is a good lesson mommy
I drew you
well let me see sweetheart this is trash
it's really bad you got my eyes all
along and my hair is not that been when
I tried my best oh and it wasn't good
enough
if you keep drunk ugly pictures of Mommy
and act like a brat about it I myself
answered you were naughty
he should get stitches ruff correct
Danny start copying me I'm sure there's
lots of Aladin you just have kids you
know like love being proud contributing
to society but me I just want to drink
vodka whenever I want and have no
responsibilities does that make me a bad
person
or really smart just kidding I'm
probably gonna get one day but I'm
definitely gonna adopt because I was
super serious about the vagina part
troll did you like that video here now
you can let me know give it a big thumbs
up you want to take on my last video
it's right over there
my second blonde town I have bloopers to
this video right over there and make
sure you subscribe because I have almost
11 million children my vagina hates me
also part of my book like it's right
over there
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
