number one pizza whatever one the girls
ooh and we all experienced three things
water life number one qu modern one
there's a carpet on my teepee number two
best friends
mom mom connects for FD help number
three dysfunctional families yay yay
were you yep kidding ya know I never had
a best friend named Ashley through life
most likely experience or will
experience the following different
number one bully doc payback this
probably has been your friend since time
okay you don't know who's great by
basically you go into the hot mess you
see go y'all have your periods ago they
know their whole sex education together
know when to the mall together for the
first time without parental supervision
and if you're Indian that was when you
were 24 now that you're old and old
chill all the time when you do be make
yourself right at home and they know
you're family
they come over like once every three
months open your fridge without
hesitation they called your mom and they
always look cleared up and they go you
better than anybody else so all the
kinds of trying to clunk like you're a
better person that you actually are they
call your Excel thanks bitch yeah I
would not to tell silently never
denzel's
oh my god I'm totally right everything
everything yelling girl remember that
time your first boyfriend has this
moment first you would you put them up
for adoption right and look I don't hear
what day of the week it is I will be
meeting y'all a snowman excuse me cousin
you're not upset
thank you and even though you don't talk
every day you so why you died for this
friend okay you've nothing back if
anybody messes with them like straight
up
what our t-shirt reference number two
real doping friends now this is a friend
you made in your adult life somehow you
do school like your career or whatever
those do I know asking me for something
I have vision and all the trying to
figure out a life together and your
friendship is based on these types of
questions
finally the word of what come on taxes
what is commitment is this a midlife
rear-ended Waterman y'all know my pistol
a new yoyo
y'all don't Park here get y'all whole
I'm here good and you folks been a lot
of times you new adulting friends so
secretly your way back play that friend
hate this music
you're all gonna just like you'll miss
the headline here well you want
utilities in 1 2014 yes so many times
over and over the Kanekalon outfit I
would have worn the sketch comedy we
should ever know how to honor past
cryptic by mr. Mulvaney umbrellas stuff
to really look at nothing between the
ones who cannot be named now chances are
when you were in your high school or
university or something similar to that
you have a best friend that you two were
in trouble
y'all got it all together and I mean
train together your class together that
you can exchange with your son do both
behind your walking razor in class where
you can meet Oprah lineman it probably
meant matching bracelets your nicknames
best friends and then she made out with
your boyfriend and your life lost all
meaning
so let me happen and he stopped being
friend and you had to warn for a full
month you just weren't listening to
Adele are we peace or if you're older
and oh yes thank you I
William who's quite a very bad
friendship under a pile of sub tweets
and indirect a success is just like
isn't it funny when people just stab you
in the back
no I hate when people start sentences
with isn't it funny because clearly is
not when you do it you're hurting
yourself yogi I know my finger I'm going
to tell me that's why we watch the video
you want on a friend from the person
this person emotionally scarring this
person turns with what God and Park area
cannot you're going to reach looking at
all these koalas with her face Rangers
like what up t-shirt reference number
two down before the boyfriend now is
just an age of interesting ridiculous
things like my brain is my best friend
removal your goddamn best friend the
person you complain to when your stupid
boyfriend messes up that's your best
friend okay drop listen I know you're
horny and you got the equipment okay
but if you're still shaving for your
boyfriend he's not your best friend cuz
we come with the miles you let me
quickly I can see you like you're
through your pants okay I internet right
turns imagine what a separate motion
where touches what I have to say when I
say surveillance we're kinda here is
like the day he sees you as ugly and
ratchet and petty as I have I think
about it the day my camera is in full
screen shot from your attack
conversations with him I played by the
day you tell me that he's seen your ugly
grin period panties that you can
basically use as a parachute I'll take
you seriously can tell when you not your
bf because that is you just to be a part
number five the mirror as you grow older
you will 100% go to some sort of
Revelation or major heartache that
leaves you with the realization that
everyone else is trash things you're
actually your own best friend
you know you do in a way does I go my
god
people I and Waldo just be walking
around with the comfortable just between
myself and Irene in the air you have any
purpose in life you love yourself you
talk to yourself you watch movies alone
you're enlightened you're reborn you're
like in a month and see a music video
and doing the five movements from the Oh
a reflection number six be fancy
now if or when you get old and you lose
you're old enough to have kids
these are saying crazy things like my
kid is my best friend and to you and
your hormones I say are you dumb all
right all right um does epidural just
like never fade away you just don't say
hi for the rest of your life just calm
down mom don't get mad at me okay just
let we're still friends
and so when you pre-order my book for
your kids so just stay right there you
clean their crap okay they puke on you
too close too
although I got you know to be fair I
guess your best friend in college
probably also tubes on you a few times
you know so interesting marina many many
many youth also talk about their not me
and you me and mr. ketamine are me cuz
I'm done look at me when I say that your
best friend should not have come out of
your vagina
okay well unless I guess I'm a no no way
no I stand by that any best friends are
supposed to join together okay not drink
from your nipple I mean unless they're
gonna no no no I found by that route to
get in gentlemen Tyra babysitter's over
here she is what Pam cool for a night
you might come over
cut the crap just like what I think that
reference I might not have known your
second mom when you were old and realize
that you have no friends you come to the
realization that isn't one person that
has had your back since day one
okay who loved you and accepted you for
the idiot you are
and loves you unconditionally sometimes
most of that somehow occasionally
unconditionally and so you'll start
saying things like my mom is my best
them Oh does that mean you're never
lighter my mom is my good friend does
that mean you're finally accept your
friend request on facebook my mom is my
acquaintance
does that mean your letter use your
phone and to prevent my mom is a friend
of a friend doesn't she have dragons my
mom is crazy just like deuces wait no
why am i doing that
what am i doing that I have a sound
effect I forgot that one second okay
that's what craft can use to get joke
again I bury my mom is cool easy what up
t-shirt reference will left post
production ah I think that last one
likes sleep my bra strap in me yes no
bra free the nipple wait what's the
video vote we all hope you enjoyed that
video if you did you guy and let me know
how comes a button that's how I know if
you like you can pre-order my book
called how to be about link is in the
description there's a little box right
over there you can click it works on
your phone it will redirect you feel 3
or my book is overflowing on inside
knowing if you don't
