I have no clue who the hell these people
are thank you so much for coming in guys
I know it's early in a.m. start time I
should have become an entrepreneur open
a sandwich shop or something their
turnout them last week so how is it kids
birthday this meeting could have been an
email well we just take a look at these
numbers move and you'll see that we are
I don't care I don't care
God can is so hot I would totally
violate HR to get a piece of that way
down this quarter way down don't yawn
don't yawn damn it quick scratch your
nose to hide it why don't we just put a
pin in that let's put a pin in your face
but you're probably used to that from
all the Botox kind of crochet don't you
think
why are you still talking okay time
again yeah I'm so hungry I'm literally
gonna die look at this my chart mmm
hi let's Circle up on that circle of pie
what's next on the agenda agenda
I should probably say something I think
we should just take a step back and
really focus on the core of the issue
that sounds great
that's fantastic nice work huge let's
discuss duties we have duties and
individual processes yeah
cissie's sound great make great too
often no let me try a different word it
sounds swell
nothing fine nephew guys don't draw a
Venn diagram don't draw a Venn diagram
god damn it is a Venn diagram it looks
like two dudes pressed together look at
Marvin he loves it
nod nod nod quick underline something
what the f are you typing I will kill
you and your family I swear to God if
someone says distribution one more time
I will lose it that way a distribution
model can shift stop stop
because right now our distribution model
didn't account for it Mike stop it stop
distribution like black hole oh really
Lily Lily Lily Lily what do you think
sounds swell great so it's agree then we
all start two hours earlier on Monday
good job moron cater for the office
needs more diversity they said Wow
whatever wins a girl soup oh if you like
this video what to do give it a big
thumbs up you can check out my last
video right over there you want to check
out the bloopers from this video right
over there on my second channel other
than that make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday one love superwoman that is
a wrap and look
