in conclusion I believe the 78 reasons
I've outlined in this email justify why
Obama should get four more years said
I'm so hungry I want like funnel cake or
so that what the hell well how do you
keep doing that or Lily We Need to Talk
I know it's been a few months since we
move and you still haven't fix your room
idiot you still sleeping on bloody
mattress on the ground hey I'm about to
hit 11 million subscribers I'm trying to
stay grounded you about to get grounded
okay but don't worry don't worry don't
worry we have solution okay we're going
to decorate your room for you what yes
we have made PowerPoint presentation to
present our plans come say hello please
turn off your cell phone do not distract
other viewers
Lily's a cool bedroom
it will make you feel very shocker like
orange juice in the morning uh no
sometimes I feel like our family isn't
even real and this is just one big joke
for the wall color do you want to keep
it very neat and clean but still very
fun yes that's why we decided on white
oh that's it but we didn't want to
decide for you okay we decide to give
you some other option I personally like
a snowflake avoid it what you want a
taste with white also good I don't like
this one
yeah that one a little bit orange yeah
you know all decide later let's keep
going because the suspense is killing me
okay you know you like an artwork so we
have suggested some beautiful pieces for
your bedroom that's right but we know
you also like a family so we got them a
custom-made go please know me
oh right and don't worry they come in a
poster size oh thank god
yeah I was worried they would be too
small Lily when you were on phone
yesterday
I heard you saying your friends like to
wake and bake what my friends they like
I never I don't ever that's why we going
to get you this Easy Bake Oven that's
like so your friend can sleep over
wake up and a big oh my god that is
perfect and my friends will use that all
the time every morning on the balcony
okay next we're going to suggest some
very cool DIYs
Do It Yourself you know smaller projects
that would work in your room making good
bed every morning you can do it yourself
DIY it number two cleaning your room
every week you can do it yourself
DIY it that's not really how DIYs work a
DIY is a little art project that you do
it yeah okay don't worry okay we
understand how internet a language work
okay
a FOH Stan Jordan let someone is over a
party and your favorite
relationshipgoals no I don't have a
relationship so good girl and you don't
need to feel lonely okay you know I can
DIY I know you like inspiration and
since you already have picture of us - I
thought maybe a very nice quote on the
wall a code on the wall yes of course on
the ball
I don't get it God God like you know
like believe in yourself you mean a
quote that's what we say caught Oh
my god there's a tumblr or your room
also sends you like books we're going to
install one bookshelf and we're going to
stop with very good books such as
arranged marriage myths debunked person
100 percent of kids in arranged marriage
are happy that's right just read what
their bear is said in the book centering
your bindi written by the association of
concerned auntie's huge problem or the
very popular Harry Potter and the
different of Secrets by the tender
rolling so original I'm so excited about
all this it keeps the season for one
second I'm sure turnaround will quicken
your god it's me could you please help
me out right now
also I'm really sorry but the dream I
had last night I wasn't working on its
Instagram and things
oh yeah I haven't read the Bibles who
gave me last weekend I'm a little busy
so I guess no silly we're here to
decorate your bedroom what the hell how
did you know that Google they monitor
prayers now and we're the most relevant
solution within 10 kilometers oh hey can
we come in alright so here's what we're
thinking
bold colors color blocking lots of color
color color color color color color
little color nope
Lily hate color and a beautiful vanity
to organize all of your makeup product
yeah okay really only know how to use
one eye shadow color and a stunning
accent wall just because of the Indian
doesn't mean her wall need accent okay
Lily what do you think let's do it
this way just upright club ready three
two one
Lily do you like it I think that means
she likes it
they're not even an easy-bake oven in
here how her friend is supposed to wake
and bake don't worry her one friend he
always bring his own brownies
yeah nice guy what the bloody hell is
this huh
JK rowling ready imitation oh thank you
so much this mirror is awesome I know
you can take 14 thousand pigs now yeah
except I only own one pair of jeans
I know wear them like every single day
okay I can buy more do you do this
whatever it's a girl superwoman in
mister hey Joey hey do you like this
video give it a big thumbs up if you
want to check out my last video it's
right over there but forget that if you
want to check on mr. Cate channels right
over there check out the video we did
there the complete room transformation
and make sure you subscribe and that
makes you subscribe to me why not cuz I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday well I love superwoman that is
a wrap and Zoop
