reason number one apparent when your
face color has to match your neck color
and I simply cannot figure that out
whatever why's the girl the woman
reason number two you know once in a
while I get comments under my videos
that are always you'll have usual makeup
tutorial and I'm just like what ad kind
of drunken day have you had to comment
that under my videos like how many years
does it take for you to believe that I
know anything above me in the face
straight up I should never be a beauty
group like I have a better chance of
being the first female brown president
of the United States and I'm Canadian
I don't know how my tastes applause like
those popular Beauty for math you know
for example monthly favorites yes you
would expect me to have different
favorites every month as if I buy you
crap every month
now Harry lion welcome to my generate
favorite my first favorite is this bra
that I wear every single day in fact
will also be my February and March
favorite because it's the only Broadway
in fact anyway well right now because
I'm holding it on my hand and I only
wasn't Lou this mascara is some January
of last year and it's still in my
neighbor's I had refused to throw it
away I know it is like I can't commit to
a relationship over some reason I'm
emotionally attached to this bottle of
dried-up crap I'm pretty sure find you
that I'll get pinkeye but you know hey
you know what Love Hurts this month I've
been living off my brand-new pair of
Spanx that have a pee hole I was going
to but they're on a little bit crooked
and my daughter bit dirty hello my name
is Lily and I'm a mascara bottle hoarder
why do I have so many empty master a
bottles in my makeup bag look I have
some mascara that's ancient from way
back way from a time when it was
acceptable to pull people on Facebook
it's such a time never existed speaking
of makeup bags mine are the hottest men
you ever see people that do those videos
like this is in my makeup bag and they
take off these flawless looking products
like thread of uncut and I'm just like
you know
your eyeliner looks like I went to like
a private school you know how to look
good
bringing my makeup is a disaster my
makeup had a consultant my makeup had to
work three jobs appearance my makeup
gets racially profiled by the police my
makeup eats Maggi noodles for breakfast
ruin two bidders for real my makeup bag
looks like a natural disaster Harry -
this is what's inside my makeup bag
his broken blush that explodes all over
everything literally all my makeup seems
shy this broken eyelash curler that
always slips out of my hand and pulled
out all my hair I know I just think less
is more just skin eye shadow palette
that makes it look like all the colors
are having an orgy if you want to go
black you have two things to keep in
mind number one you'll never go back and
number two you might get the green and
purple now you may notice that this was
emptying all the rest I'm full that's
because I only know how to use that one
color the rest are just fillers like the
copy members of a woman is the next
thing for you here you may have eyelash
glue it's look at my makeup bag for
possibly two years because I keep
pretending like I know how to do that
but I don't and then there's a cute
format with other people like hey not
only am i gorgeous and know how to do
makeup wonderfully but I have all these
people in my life that loves me so much
and for me got a little bit of an issue
okay honestly where is he um my
boyfriend you don't have a boyfriend
what I'm here but that's okay because I
can just do the next best thing
hello today I'm doing moving away bad
how we gonna do this your hand can't
cross that split screen line and let me
try run side note I actually do have a
video of my dad doing my makeup on my
channel go into the description it's TAS
who your back I can't be the only one
that thinks that Beauty life now people
have a routine for everything morning
routine 1999 routine morning to some
early winter night talent in families
like am I the only idiot out here that
doesn't have a routine that accommodates
to the season my routine is not a
Starbucks cup okay my routine doesn't
give an app what color leaves are also I
don't have a routine in fact my period
doesn't even follow a review sure my
period someone's like hey this month
I'll be a :
I want to come boy whether that be
horrible it happened get your period two
eyes it was like the opposite of being
stressed if you're pregnant you're like
oh my god if I can convert it back into
a virgin or for some people like remains
one shall possess my routine video would
sell hey everyone this is my year long
night routine first I'm going to not
wash my face and then I'm going to go to
sleep
thanks for watching didn't even get me
started on busy Hey I would be really
bad at making those cutesy faces in
between cake I would not be able to do
that seriously B as mentioned before I
only know how to do one walk with my
makeup
see I don't want the espys brushes for
nor do I clean them regularly okay like
maximum one time every 4 months max hey
everyone today I'm going to be showing
you how to do my only makeup look I'll
be using these two concealers and mixing
them because I'm brown and nothing
matches my skin tone
nice darker does this match my skin not
really but I apply this with a random
brush that's inside this custody case as
you can see it's very dense with
previous makeup and germs
next I'm going to use this foundation
that I found in a pharmacy one day
because I forgot my makeup at home that
day does this match my skin tone not
really now that my base is done and my
face doesn't match my neck I'm going to
make up a bunch of crap that seems right
I'm using this eye shadow I don't know
what it's called but it looks pink so
I'm calling it pink
now this brush names right I'm going to
put some white in the corner of my eye
because I'm not racist I'm going to use
this eyeliner that has a million of
those annoying fuzzy spring things in it
that'll drive me crazy and ask
everything up now the wings of my liner
will never be even
so I'm basically creating a handy cat
bird on my face I'm going to fill in my
eyebrows with this thing whatever this
is but clearly I have an abundance of it
wait what is this even called when
Jeep's beard he's nice Phil Phil Phil
I'm a girl next I'm going to curl my
eyelashes the key here is to not die
once I did this and died and it was
horrible
cut that off of some mascara from 2010
is the sexy lipstick this one is called
bow from Smashbox and it's literally the
best thing in my makeup bag next I'm
going to oh my god this is so good
after me hard this is very rope there's
also some she colors red of nomads love
to everyone that the beauty lifestyle
stuff online I applaud you trade off
I'll just stick to comedy you know where
I can be mediocre and happy wearing
sweat pants this is the part where you
have to say that I'm not mediocre and
I'm actually really funny you should
probably go ahead and comment that below
always cool expected yeah what am I hope
you enjoyed that video if you did you
know what to do give a thumbs up hope
this baby will actually do it what
appeared on my book how to be a boss it
is noble mouth little square right over
there last video right there second
column right there thank you my pants
down I wanna be here well I love
superwoman that is rough end
