No stop watching immediately and go grab
your parents and watch it with them
because they don't like this video what
everyone's a girl's sub woman hello
kids and parents uncle aren't you how
are you my name is Lily and I'm the
person your child watches on the do
booth and don't worry I don't do the
shame shame okay I'm going to teach your
children wonderful things there's
nothing to deny we're just friends what
the heck did that transition turn that
out with that that wasn't me no that was
a thousand Mindy Kaling now kids claim
their parents are full of double
standards which they are hmm but really
kids are equally as annoying because
kids also have a massive double
standards good subscribe can we be real
for a second less to do everything kids
complain about regarding their parents
they completely accept when it comes
from their best friend let's take a look
oh well I just got check out this
abandoned warehouse I'm gonna shoot that
tonight at midnight that's Paul yeah
it's gonna be sick
yeah oh really that sound very dangerous
okay I don't want to go mom stop nagging
me
don't heck whoa Lily are you really
gonna post that picture without a filter
that's dangerous for your theme or god
you're right how's a close one thanks
girl
yeah welcome Oh Lily I just follow you
on Instagram oh really you did
hey Jessica are you not following me on
Instagram
I am wait am I not that's so weird
uh there we built an castle but the
bloody I see you post this picture two
minute ago working out in my Calvin's
mm-hmm who the bloody hell is kind of in
nah I'm just young busy oh do you want
good slap in your Calvin no I have so
much work to do huh-huh
I wanna bang ranked in your Calvin leave
me alone you can't make me fail hey
what's up hello hey I'm a bit busy I
have a massive project due tomorrow I
haven't started
oh well I just bought with Derek tell me
everything he said he doesn't like that
my hair and eyebrows don't match uh-huh
thanks for the shirt mom no problem let
me see if it fits
turn around huh Darden around I give you
ready but just turn around I I clean
your boo-boo can you just turn around
perv or Julius - look I've gotta push
you to my body I am not changing in
front of you huh turn you turn up
thanks for the shirt jazz of course I'm
gonna try it on see if it fits girl your
boobs are on point
oh thanks girl you know my bras just
padded you feel like it's so soft
okay oh that's nice that's nice right
honk right oh my god I'm so jealous but
you know what my butt has grown a little
bit so that's good what let me see girl
turn around
okay stop it you know what dad I'm sick
of you treating me like a kid okay
or Lele watch your daddy boot okay fine
okay Jess can you stop treating me like
a kid Wow okay watch your attitude oh my
god you're right I'm sorry yeah I feel
like this one's gonna be just like the
first one see kids are no lame
you know when you're younger you think
your parents don't know anything and
they're stupid and your friends are
everything but trust me when I say as
you grow older you'll realize your
parents are wonderful and you should not
take them for granted
and you should make time for them so
treat them well you oh you enjoyed that
video if you did don't check the thumbs
up it's free and it makes me happy why
would you want to do that comment below
let me know what other videos you want
to see
which in my last video is right over
there my second blog channel right over
there make sure you click subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday little box right over here
is for my book pre go to that page how
to be a boss one love superwoman that is
a wrap and
