every salty person and they mama about
to relate to this video
whatever one it's a girl superwoman and
in case you're new here hi my name is
Lily yeah I speak the truth and I relate
to you like a cousin laugh now New
Year's just happened which means a lot
of people are jumping on that new year
new me train which means a lot of people
are talking about relationships and ex
is something like I'm not getting back
with him this year mm-hmm girl New Year
same thirst who you playing okay hydrate
yourself types of breakups you or your
homies have experienced shouting number
one the beneficial breakup now this is
the type of breakup or you and your
significant other have decided that
you're simply not right for each other
and you separate except your genitals
stay together so you have a big
explosive breakup you know no one killed
anyone no one cheated on a no no you
decided you were different
okay it would be better for both of you
if you went your separate ways you know
it would be good for your future except
your present self is a hot hormonal mix
and see when your ex's tongue is so far
down your throat you'll convince
yourself that's okay because technically
you broke up and on the perfect couple
well that's a little on trend okay yeah
let me know when you're completely right
in fact you doing the Chinese food and
you get the chopsticks go and try to
break the chopsticks and 100% of the
times it doesn't break right and I you
got this like one and a half chopsticks
situation yeah that is a metaphor for
your breakup incomplete that's because
you didn't really break up you just got
fractured or spring and now you do
broken up on masters make it out
together all the time on the phone late
at night and all your friends are
watching and they're claiming that
they're not judging you but the second
you leave the room
your friend dude it'll be like you are
about to enter the courtroom of Judge
Judith Sheindlin the people are real the
cases are real Judith why don't we do it
Oh
number two the eraser I am all upon the
camera just back it up Lily like the
cameras ryan gosling up here just like
hey you ever break up with someone so
bad and so hard that it literally erased
their entire existence like you broke up
and they became extinct like a meteorite
hit that mother penny gone this is the
breakup where you despise your ex and
you want to delete them from your life
block them on social media
throw away all our crap according to you
they never even existed because you hate
them so much and you cannot handle any
mention or association with them
I'm gonna call with my friend and I'm
like so how we been doing since you and
Harry split up and she's like who Harry
your ex-boyfriend Harry who's that over
there
who's that stop okay the guy with a 97%
of your profile pictures don't be active
it you didn't write those captions no I
don't know hilarious I've never been a
Harry so oh now look at handle Harry
okay hold obeyed me and follow JK
rowling off Twitter
holy girl says I can't sit in her car
and that's a shame because she doesn't
like Harry homegirl doesn't believe
there were originally five members of
one direction no Zayn election she's
like what that means three them right
home go straight up Hunter X into Jason
Bourne okay boys woke up the next
morning he needed an entire franchise
who discovered his identity that's how
hard she came in here just like what's
that pillow hello number three the
question mark next the types breakup or
no one not even the people who are in
the relationship know what 2x is going
on it's like the Mariah Carey's New
Year's Eve performance style breakup
when people are just like what's
happening who's in charge for the record
I love Mariah Carey the item together
are you wanna break are you split up or
I just in like a really long fight no
one knows that about Mark Zuckerberg
sitting with his shrink is he trying to
figure out your relationship status on
facebook
he's probably like you'll figure out the
algorithm was easier than this he could
solve for x in the
20 tents all for your mother Phoenix
I've made that joke before I'm sorry
it's just so good you know what I hate
Matt and you're in this like confused
unclear state where no one really knows
how to navigate the situation no kind of
like America post-election and that's
annoying for other potentials and ka me
cuz like straight-up homeboy you kind of
fine you know and I need to know what
the situation is okay like are you still
the blood surface or she not wouldn't
know more she's not wouldn't want you to
let me know now I can start filling in
my eyebrows when I come around you Cakes
nice shot he got a chance keeping with
some clarity boom okay because I know
usually when I'm around you I only wear
sweatpants
that's because you got me so deep in the
friend zone but if you're trying to
change my as this young okay I'm just
saying I can bustle the skinny jeans
though number four
no biggie friendship now don't get me
wrong I do believe that to mature adults
you know where they are in the world
could break up and still be friends and
it happens like 0.00001 raz√≥n the time
but there's a fine line between that
genuine friendship and the fake
friendship you a-hole because you want
to stay faced and hide your true
feelings this is the brain over you go
so above and beyond to pretend like
you're happy for your ex just like no no
honestly no I swear I mean I'm Rihanna
said I'm happy for my Golic Heat he
deserves it the girl stop you know I
really feel ki s Michael extra new girl
at your entire organization and the
nurse that helped deliver you and s the
punk that signed off on your birth
certificate put y'all on the bag at the
bag thank you I'm not happy for you I
wouldn't do a happy meal at your head if
they paid me to okay and I'm even have
an iPhone 7 but you'll take this
Motorola RAZR this down rain can match
the downward and you love life no Punk
nobody ever need anything I want you
know that I'm still here for you okay
let's just see the call I'm gonna always
be your view especially if you need a
box don't act like you don't have to
meditate and talk to yourself just to
get yourself the double tap on his new
Instagram pictures girl stop people talk
you're scrolling through Instagram you
see you're asking me like a snap with an
emphatic policy like what kind of person
do I want to be like do I want to be
that person who has a jiggly scroll of
Lucca Whelan
I just got to really a guy to relocate
all right one number five the custody
battle the missus breakups are the
breakups involved 17 other people
because y'all had so many mutual friends
your families are we knew each other and
heaven forbid you had a pet because then
you just need to flee the country with a
puppy
here's the thing though right everyone
feels like they got a pick side even
though 100 percent of the time you have
this conversations listen I know Harry
and I broke up but I really don't want
you to feel like you have to pick sides
okay I don't want to put you in the
middle shut the hell up of course you
want to put me in the middle that's
exactly what you want your friend to
pick their side stop anyway said to pick
side extended there we go waitress
in a restaurant just like yeah so what
did you want to sighs I did you want the
fries the damn veggies obviously I know
this is a test okay I'll be stem and
agree with everything you think and hide
my friendship with your ex on the deal
oh I'm gonna pretend like we never even
talked about that oh my gosh for like
ages know since I even i use i Oh what
if you get hit by that me terrific I'm
not drunk
this is just my personality no more
Cerritos recently one of my guy friends
broke up with his girlfriend Rebecca and
I feel like I had to hide the entire
think we'd be in the club and I'll be
singing alongside Joe you better call
put Trisha the good but yeah over boy in
your excess split in and faded boobs
okay ain't no one good thing she's the
Becky with the good hair calm down
now you see me I don't deal with any of
this drama okay because I don't break up
simply because I do not start up yes I
will be your idol yeah we enjoyed that
video did you know the drill give it a
thumbs up comment below I wanna let you
know about my book how to be a boss it's
available for pre-order that's that
fancy little box right there's it works
on your mobile phone go ahead and click
that last video blog Channel all nice
the descriptions new videos every Monday
and Thursday make sure you subscribe
well
superwoman that is a wrap ends up
