new year same pimple whatever wanted to
girls so forward why is this frame so
awkward my room is so messy there's no
space we go close to my wall cuz there's
so much crappy but you can't see that so
what's up happy new year I hope you had
a safe healthy blessed and inspired New
Year celebration if you celebrated with
your parents I hope you had a great time
with them until they went to sleep at
12:10 and if you celebrate at a party
with an open bar then hello its January
2nd now yeah he's probably over back to
wherever you left your car yeah a mess
as per tradition this is my end of your
recap video and you're so important to
me it is a team super milestone if you
will now which I recap everything we
accomplished together in 2016 and set a
tone for the year to come come home mama
let me start by saying holy crap 2016
doe I feel like I say this every year
but honestly 2016 was one of the best
years of my life and I know I've said
that before but I just needed a piece of
time and I don't care how many times I
said this because I want to take a
minute and just say that I appreciate
your support so much throughout 2016 we
did so many amazing things as you will
see in you know I've been doing this for
a lot of years I've been doing this
since 2010 so now something like on my
seventh year and it doesn't matter how
many years I do this world because the
one thing that does not decrease is my
extreme appreciation for your support
because I know you could be doing
anything else with your valuable time
but you're choosing to watch my videos
and interact with me and that really
freaking means the world to me so from
the bottom of my heart thank you so much
you are the foundation and the root of
everything I do and no matter how busy
again what opportunities again if I get
bigger or more popular where does man
that's still gonna be at the root of
everything I do so thank you promise
myself over to get sappy so without
further ado team super this is
everything we accomplished in 2016
we were on Billboard's across North
America
even before dime squared we release out
fast maybe a trip to unicorn Island we
went to Kenya and created girl
everything to help girls go to school
and we set a record and sold over 40,000
of them went to prison for the Olympics
we spread good luck in Singapore and
it's a good thing we were graced by the
friendship of the original superwoman
Alicia Keys we made a commitment to be
the generation to end aids with
Charlie's Zirin we moved into a new lily
pad we made a cameo and we'll be bad
moms force two unicorns and Ice Age
collision course got to be Beyonce in
YouTube rewind we faced off with t-pain
in an epic rap battle went to the White
House under the collaboration with
Michelle Obama hits 8 million
subscribers we hit 9 million subscribers
we hit 10 million subscribers
we won a Streamy Award for Best social
good cause per girl of what a serving
for Best Film for a trip to unicorn
Island release the 10-minute visual
music piece called voices performed
voices at YouTube FanFest Toronto leave
her on The Tonight Show with Jimmy
Fallon twice we're on The Daily Show
with Trevor Noah battled a fever and be
performed on fan fest Mumbai release our
own shade of lipstick with Smashbox Cal
Bob
Melissa as one of times 30 most
influential people on the Internet
1 2 Teen Choice Awards we were on the
cover of Elle magazine we went to train
that and tobago to host Marshall Monday
met Big Bird a brand cast announce our
growth our first book how to be a bow
inspire thousands of students at
multiple we days were selected as
varieties 10 comics to watch presented
in the world young women
Cayden parents and CBS's life and pizzas
found to be a dope human the Sabrina
carpenter made one delicious viral
sandwich became a sweeter Toronto team
because Andrea Todorov how to be a tuber
joint Victoria justices why got stuck in
an elevator
zendaya and greenie Harlem pretended to
date
markiplier fountain graduated with Gina
Rodriguez we went clubbing with Liza Co
she think you do Adam Devine
- my parents broke into Stephanie
McMahon's for the room told her adopted
Tama Tunes when shopping with um our met
the cast of stranger things did secret
center with bridgit mendler but scan by
Joanne Jenna was a perfect way women for
crying for children booty booty
did you know shut up are you ugly then
did you see yeah I'm just saying I think
we should stick together because I feel
like we make a pretty epic team can we
stick together
stop showing bra strap guy dead now in
terms of 2017 I have no idea what to
expect because every time I make one of
these videos I say you know next year
when do this isn't this but I've noticed
that what I'm teamed up with you all of
my expectations get blown away so I
don't know what it's gonna be like but
there are a few things that I do know
number one I'm going to continue making
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
no matter how many times people suggest
to me like hey you're getting really
busy well just make one video wait no I
would not do it I don't care how busy I
get I will learn how to organize better
and learn how to manage my time better
I'm committing still to two videos a
week freaking out but I do them in
advance I'm gonna be awesome yeah - is
officially the year of how to be about
now old if I wanna bore you with the
sales but your kid listen if you
actually do is you don't have a book
coming out the last thing I would want
and look at me and these two is the last
thing I want is for you to spend your
hard-earned money on a book that you
mother-effing hey so you know if you
want to check out a sample of my writing
and see what kind of things okay idea
that talked about I want to pause for
New Year's I'll link to it below is on
Facebook check out my writing if you
like it then prove the book if not tell
but oh cool but yes how are you boss is
coming out in March of this year so I
want PRS and link is in the description
triple that Lilly Singh book.com number
three with every book comes a book tour
so I'm excited to finally tell you to
stay tuned for that I'm so mean other
than that what I want you to do is I
want you to comment below now letting
you know what would you love to see in
2017 anything anything you'd like team
super doors video ideas new content
ideas new series ideas you live through
my dears new charitable ideas anything
let your mind run wild
comment below and let me know and I will
try my best to make it happen I cannot
wait to kill the mother effing game and
give back to those in need with you in
2017 it's gonna be a dopey ER with make
every single day count
I'm so excited me hug give me a hug give
me a hug mm-hmm okay stop it
new year same family we're in this
together team super I will see you on
Thursday for the first comedy video of
2017 one love superwoman that is a wrap
end your digital 2017 and now you can
like click these links these links on
your phone yeah if you're not seeing
these legs are you falling me to update
your inch because that's what's poppin
use on your more bio no problem click on
these links last video blog channel
subscribe right there all that ish we
fancy now with fares and
