Oh natural whatever wanted to girl soup
woman and like usual Christmas was
exactly what I expected it to be it was
filled with beautiful moments great
humor family and just utter and complete
joy it started with my very functional
family and I sitting in front of the
fireplace and watching our favorite
Christmas movies in complete bliss why
can't we just turn on the real fireplace
why waste guess we're gonna say money
okay fine listen what do you I going to
watch Arthur's perfect Christmas no we
do that every year just different
what about Arthur Christmas No Arthur's
perfect Christmas is tradition or Thor
Christmas hello no fighting okay Lily
Dena another say moving my god no Arthur
perfect Christmas it with the puppy and
bunny a puppy okay he's not a puppy
he's an aardvark and you're feeling it
aren't fun anymore
why and Arthur Christmas is a beautiful
story about Santa Sun real life adult
stuff kid hey how about jingle all the
way
home alone maybe watching jingle all the
way Arthur's perfect Christmas home
alone man I wish I was home alone then
you can do good all the way back to LA
and then we baked fresh cookies exactly
like in the commercials you know when
they rise perfectly in our golden brown
but no we hold you one job done Han what
are you doing
open them alone stop yelling okay
they're just well done my sister and I
got our parents the perfect gift yeah as
a unit a unit of sisterhood Merry
Christmas
how nice from Tina what no it should be
from both of us it's just like lily and
Tina but only Tina paid for it what Lily
pay attention isn't that enough
that's what she's ever feeling and in
return on Christmas Day my parents gave
us the best gifts ever okay guys stop
that here whatever you want for
christmas wait but Christmas is today
but everything goes instead tomorrow
yeah it was absolute perfection and I
wouldn't trade it for the world
holiday Cheers from my family to yours
Cheers
look Jimmy cookies again crap what about
we want to girls soup woman shouts to my
family for being in this video if you
liked it give it a thumbs up comment
below
shout outs to coca-cola from making this
video happen if you wanna check out my
last videos right over there my BTS and
second vlog channels where over there
just make new videos every Monday and
Thursday one love superwoman no super
that is su coke tastes so good a glass
bottle
