why don't we do this every year because
we're stupid people I told myself that I
was gonna start my Christmas shopping on
December 1st and yet Here I am again
with my Christmas yeah you know my niece
she wants a Lightning McQueen car she
said it she doesn't get one
she's never taking a selfie with me
again oh my Instagram can't handle that
kind of loss you know what my son wants
that too and he said if he didn't get
one he's gonna run away doors are all
child off but I mean he could figure it
out
god damn it Disney you know everything
they create turns into a monster
oh I'm sure not everything you know and
it's like a Gomez pretty cool out right
all right it's just part right look like
efficient okay and by the way we do need
to stress can we just take a moment to
remember what Christmas is actually
about love oh right like give me peace
hey idiot box complain for your doing
hello get out of my way this is my spot
yeah
you can't just claim a spot moron move
it
hey punk unless you're King Julian from
Madagascar you cannot talk to me like
that
you're Punk let me pull out you have
enough room you turd let her pull out
yeah let her do what your dad should
have done you clapping driver you're an
accident who's about to cause an
accident
ah hurry up doofus oh listen I'm trying
to park okay but this girl keeps backing
it up on me yeah we're like drink in
every on a music video my gaze on the
straighter than your parking job okay
honestly listen I'm a little mistletoe
above my butt right now okay kiss it
dress it love give me peace oh yeah
excuse me ma'am I'm looking for a
perfume for my sister lady do you have
any more Dora the Explorer backpack mom
I want Dora now told you to be quiet if
you want to explore so badly I'll buy
you a damn atlas I'm so sorry ma'am
we're actually all sold out right now no
no you don't understand I need Dora you
need to find me a Dora backpack right
now oh oh okay yeah here we take these
pliers okay and tie my tubes right now
mm excuse me miss my wife is going to
kill me
if I don't buy her a gift you please
take my money and save my marriage okay
take all my money who is crazy
grab whatever you can tell that there
there's a dollar been uh you know stuff
the dollar bed is always so weird and
crappy and laying the F OMG I just felt
the perfect present for your dad oh my
god he's gonna love that
this is totally him right it's perfect
he's never you take it off wait how do
you know so much about my dad
oh he dm's Milla on history
hello Hillary best of luck hashtag I'm
with her well there's nothing else here
hello
supply and demand where's the supply I
know right like you call this
consumerism we have to go to another
store listen whatever you do don't
breathe I'm up by Cinnabon you know we
won't be able to resist English change
pretend on the phone I'm sorry I don't
have any change it's an ATM right bus
drink what an ATM no we don't have time
for that I'm freaking out okay the mall
closes in 20 minutes it really just calm
down I can't come to I shouldn't even be
here
I'm not even question I don't even know
what a manger is sorry things carry
fully
we get to Cinnabons please yeah with
extra frosting I mean it's okay if you
charges extra I have spare change I
can't find anything on my list we're too
late
me neither Hilary look it's mine
lovely stand down listen okay my niece
is adorable okay
I pushed my son through my vagina okay
big deal stop being such a manger okay
Wow okay but you really don't know
English I'm taking this sorry but
someone just called this on hold wait
it's been taken they're actually on the
phone right now yeah I don't know who
you are
okay I don't know what you want if
you're looking for ransom I can tell you
that I don't have money but what I do
have are a very particular set of skills
you let lightning McQueen go that'll be
the end but if you don't I will look for
you I will find you and I will kill you
hey mom Lily what are you doing wrapping
Santa's gift oh really
she's going to be so happy but listen I
want to ask you is Hillary still coming
to Christmas dinner with you I want to
buy food no Hillary and I aren't friends
anymore
welcome girls so dumb okkkk
shut up listen what do you buy saying
anyways huh I ready for this the toy
she's been begging for
Lightning McQueen huh
you don't like Lightning McQueen no more
she like mononym
what Lily Lily
hello city flow CD whatever we wanted to
go soup woman hey Larry dad make sure
you check out the latest season of
younger links are in the description my
last clap bridge is right over there
bloopers and BTS right over there make
sure you subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday lunch
on my outro I did one low one last
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop I
like that move that's a new thing right
there boom
