what if everyone it's a girl so go on
and every Christmas I experience the
same three fails number one creating my
Christmas shopping list you see the
holiday season has this way of
convincing me that I like more people
than I actually do like straight up if I
was to text every single person on my
phone right now like hey really need a
friend to talk to
one person would reply my mom and not
even my real mom me dressed up as my mom
but when creating my Christmas shopping
list tis the season to feel like I owe
everyone a gift so bad
uh-huh you think I should get pre-op car
but me good card it's fine
how about Kevin yeah Lauren mmm mass
text David Oh a double tap on Instagram
is more than enough him remember that
time that he accidentally grabbed your
butt because he thought it was his own
my god I was so weird Oh kind of nice
wait dude why is your list so long and
who the hell is Jamie okay my mailman no
Jamie who still sends you mail my fan
company and who is Alex that guy from
the insurance company who sends me mail
why is your ex's mother on this list why
not she made me dinner like a solid
three dot yes in 2010 you haven't had a
boyfriend since I was on good luck
charlie Charlie's a teenager now
whatever okay let me look at your list
are you done are you done are you done
why is Mark on here more cheated on you
look it's the holiday season where's
your Christmas spirit
you keyed his car last week yeah yeah
but that was before I had my peppermint
tea my nice Starbucks cup I am a
different person now
plus you have Kelly on your list and she
spread that terrible rumor about you
back in high school yeah
what did be fair it was true Oh gross
he's your cousin okay first of all
harjeet is my second
cousin also I didn't know also the
Lannisters do much worse than that and
they have a hit TV show so really ah
Kelly I stole it jerk yeah it's like a
gift card yes but make it to 7-eleven or
will we get her a $20 gift card to
Topshop she won't be able to buy
anything oh can we agree to not buy each
other gifts this year like - is so long
as is yeah deal so would these are so
bad Nana number two the surprise gift
every year there's a couple people that
have a real conversation with like bruh
we don't need to get each other gifts
we're past that that's like way too
formal for us we wait - wrote for that
so you both agree no presence and then
this happens Merry Christmas your
Christmas present silly and I thought we
agreed - no presents no don't be
ridiculous it's Christmas of course I'm
going to get you a present
why don't we have the conversation then
Bridget I was sucking in your present Oh
obviously because we had the dot and
here you are that's just the thing
people say but they don't mean where the
f was the warning bra why did we have
the conversation you all here making me
look bad because I kept our promise you
know the bad gift is lying yeah liar
honestly how do you sit upon your
buttocks with it being so on fire when
you're in the situation you can do one
of three things well I got you a gift -
obviously duh uh-oh
I donated to a charity in your name Oh
which one which one uh-oh
the whales yeah wills to ensure wills
get to go to school huge issue education
oh yeah did you know like 50% of whales
don't get the opportunity to go to
school so oh well you know I got you a
gift - yeah it's just stuck in the mail
you know how it goes but don't worry
Jamie should be delivering it like any
oh well I got you a gift - yeah it's
just obsessed Oh better my no wait here
Lily it's like a little chilly out here
can I come in or
my gosh
what could it be you makeup yeah awesome
uh I feel like it's a little dark for my
skin now oh no no it's like a new ten
thing I don't know
I mean Kylie's doing it so I love it oh
my god
thank you you know me number three
Secret Santa here's the thing about
secrets an array first of all I wasn't
planning to buy any of you a gift to
begin with so I know this whole scenario
has been created to save me money but
really I'm just spending more money
second of all it's always awkward and
confusing when you're trying to decide
the price limit because no one even
sticks to it anyways and third of all I
swear to God Secret Santa is the second
biggest political situation to go down
this year the trains the deals the drama
let's be honest no part of Secret Santa
is a secret so what's the limit mmm what
20 what about 50 50 I don't know if I
like you guys that much what about five
no what can you buy for five fine thirty
what is that 30 including tax though or
excluding okay what about shipping
before or after shipping after what if
the store takes cash only in the ATM's
fee is like five dollars is that
includes as loan fine okay at $30 that's
it including everything we're done
hmm hey oz be ever in your favor
Helen hi hey Carl he walk so slow you
have I have Carl Ilias Allen now I am
just I want Carly's cute well I heard he
walk slow can I have him I can't tell
you some so you had me I guess it's a
hundred Japanese yes I have you way to
ruin it screwed mmm no I had Helen which
means you have me because you lied
not to mention that Secret Santa is the
perfect opportunity for people who don't
like you to be hella passive-aggressive
with the presents they give you Merry
Christmas Mary Wow a pacifier I don't
have kids
we know I just thought maybe you could
use it to shut up sometimes
enjoy Merry Christmas thank you
Febreze yeah is to help mask all the
crap you talk told you I didn't start
those reverse yeah that's just for the
record
Jimmy is my third cousin you know so
we're basically strangers aside from
these three fails though the holidays
are awesome you get to our comfortable
ugly sweaters eat amazing food and see
family hey cuz I tell you brother Jed
mica said hi mm-hmm I'll see if your
parents anniversary again what everyone
it's your girl superwoman n bridgit
mendler you want to check out Bridgette
on tour what you shoot her links are in
the description give this video a thumbs
up if you liked it check out my last
class by clicking right there me Jason
bloopers are right over there make sure
you subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday for Intermatic
oh yeah one love one love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop ah
