Merry Christmas thank you guys so much
for coming
No thank you so much for having us I
can't hold it in anymore we just decided
not to say anything
okay wait what's going on we
accidentally invited Philips ex what
okay look it was a Facebook invite and
she totally looks like a guy I know damn
it how could you do this oh my god
everyone calm down it's not a big deal I
would love to meet her she probably
won't even come no no no no you all
don't understand okay she is crazy
she posts videos about us on her
Instagram what fit that doesn't matter
because I'm crazy about you I mean this
was our first Christmas together no one
is gonna steal that from us okay listen
everyone attention I've arrived well
well if it isn't my ex love interest
philip ethnic housekeeper uh hi my name
is Lily I'm Philips girlfriend nice to
me Oh ash you've downgraded from a
Caucasian this peasant Joanne please
just leave us alone oh hey wait
Caucasian I mean you're not even close
to white you know honestly I cannot
stand you people telling me what the
hell I am
I am alike is she joking like that okay
I got it this is a prank right you know
I dated this pathetic man I basically
donated a charity and I demand respect
Joanne stop it do you see this hair
child these platinum highlights costs
$500 American dollars at that not paid
sauce not rupees American dollars more
than your monthly rent
Wow yeah okay you were right she is
crazy I can't believe you dated this
psycho I told you let's go that's right
walk away Philip but fYI stop calling me
wait you call her no no no she is lying
that is that is what she does Oh he
calls me honestly to tell me that he
misses touching my luxurious body while
we listen to Celine Dion and Michael
kitchen doesn't mean do you call her
Philip and when is the last time you
were in her home not my Caucasian her
home no don't don't listen to her okay
she is a liar she literally stole
thousands of dollars from me no you are
ridiculous
Philip look I can see that you're upset
and I would beat you if I didn't sleep
on a twin-size bed with this ethnic mage
and use shower curtains as blankets but
you're not getting any more of my sweet
peach so you can give it up okay he
doesn't need your flat back with the
crack booties latch because he's got my
booty tell him yeah got that on lock Oh
dare you had your squats every night
holding a bag of damn diamonds no she
really does have a bag of diamonds my
house looks like a damn game of
bejeweled okay yeah it's true it really
is beautiful hey Philip not helping it's
a nice house shut up how's your love
life because mine is fabulous that's
none of your business but you want for
the record it's wonderful and sexy and
intimate and out the best Philip has
ever had complain to me hmm
you know for someone named Philip he
does not screwdrive that well if
me unless he has the proper motivation
which is a real woman you did know how
to make a man go crazy okay what her ask
is when I shut your mouth you your wig
looks like it's gone Party City okay and
you need to touch up your roots matter
fact you need to remember your roots
since you're a colored person acting
white party's shitty the hell are you
try to do put my damn feelings
you look like Denzel Washington dressed
up as Taylor Swift whoa Lily don't be so
mean that's a nice watch ex with I think
someone stole my watch well look this
party is over
it's canceled can you look here girl I'm
more wider than you more privileged much
cleaner so don't you ever forget it hey
listen hi you're a mess dead out of my
Indian house you freak of a character
hey lil everything okay
who is this exotic man everything is
fine Doug Joanne was just leaving
huh leaving is awesome we just about to
open presents into Medicus Messer
presents
well hugs and kisses so nice to meet you
thank you he that woman very strong
Joanne just stole Christmas and my
bullet Joanne
wait I do miss your caucasian house and
my man iconic what everyone it's your
girl superwoman and joy in the together
if you like this video give it a thumbs
up comment below letting me know who
else you want to see me collab with when
I took my last clap it's right over
there
BTS and bloopers right over there make
sure you subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday
oh I love ya superwoman yes that is a
wrap and Zoop
