I'll tell you why it was really nice on
you to let those kids visit the workshop
those mall sandals are so weird
I only do it to get pool I still don't
know why you thought buying a 12-pack of
beer for a ten-year-old was good keV
okay listen Billy wanted confidence okay
it was either beer or plastic surgery
beer was easier to get down the chimney
and less expensive cheap oh okay
can you just try not to be such a Grinch
today I'll try not to be such a bitch
could you try not to be yourself because
I hate your personality yeah if I had a
genie I would use all three wishes to
change you ho ho ho hey Santa's here
everyone is $10 for pictures and $5 for
snapchat oh and poo ballers extra I'm
gonna put that stupid flower crown on my
head okay yo squirt what's your name
Noah
nice to meet you Timmy what do you want
for christmas all I want is for my mom
and dad to get back together
well Timmy Santa can't give that to you
okay
because daddy cheated on mommy it's no
one what do you mean
well daddy had too many sides oh that's
what I mean but they said it was because
they were better as friends everything's
gonna be okay
that's because daddy has too many
friends with benefits Santa is not a
perv only sometimes but you know what's
most important that it's not my fault oh
no to me you definitely made things way
worse what's important is that you get
this free kid okay
Santa likes Jen
a lot take it take it okay maybe Santa
should go to a but you haven't really
had time to talk about take it that oh
boy Timmy Noah look over here maybe
let's get a good happy picture no flying
for the camera mommy's gonna be very
upset I don't want to smile be a happy
boy right now you have to Timmy okay
look at your mom look at her smile I
want to take your Xbox away
we don't smile for this picture mommy's
gonna have a mental breakdown and need
more of those happy pills we flew to the
North Pole for this your mother needs to
take this picture and post it on
Facebook because she seeks validation
from strangers in order to feel like a
good mother why can't you give that to
me like she doesn't need validation Oh
before I forget could I get this
validated hey one more thing to me what
if you're naughty I'm gonna call that
monster to steal you again and you'll be
communicating through the lights Merry
Christmas
ha ha ha who's next
very jolly there's someone here in the
break room to see you Hey
almost as jolly as your mother when I
show her my South Pole thank God I'm
Jewish oh not you again listen Jaden
Smith I already told you everything is
fine with the workshop it's the happiest
place on earth
it's Caleb and on that note Disneyland
is filing a lawsuit - god damn it Mickey
you hit on Minnie one time I did a quick
walkthrough and already found some major
violations
what stop it listen everything is fine
okay I'm thinking kids laugh and smile
over here I hate you for needing
validation here's about four hundred
miners working in your workshop you mean
elves you only feed them candy canes
they hate their uniforms and they're
suffering from severe paper cut listen
it was either Oompa Loompa or elves for
those short years okay and let's be real
Willy Wonka's a freak
he literally attracts kids with candy
let's talk about these reindeer does
Peter know about this what do you mean
they're completely healthy and happy
look at him okay look this one has a red
nose and is clearly sick okay whoa
listen here buddy whatever Rudolph
doesn't his spare time is his business
how have you been monitoring these kids
to see if they're naughty or nice GoPros
do you even have a permit on these
GoPros Santa is rich and white isn't my
privileged enough I also see here that
you requested a uber sleigh on Christmas
Eve you know what we're and here what
why the taxi drivers are protesting okay
listen those idiots never offer me water
and gum hold on one second and by the
way you know Cupid literally shoots
people where's his audience hello huh
yes Santa I'm calling because Lily not
blinking her mitt and she being naughty
I don't think you should get her any
gift okay listen you parents need to
learn how to discipline your own
children okay okay listen Jaden
to be okay like novels ever have enough
all right let's get on with it
hey while you're in there some crazy
bald kid ran in here and stole your
address damn it did you tell him to
leggo my eggo no I think it would do you
some good to lay up there guys for a bit
daddy-o you know I think they needed you
in the mailroom actually why some kid
wanted a bride Oh Chucky doll for
Christmas to send you how is it you can
travel around the entire world in one
night but you can't make it to the gym
even once you see I have mortal hundreds
of houses a night because I'm Santa
what's your Excuse
see you don't like to give presents to
naughty people I do and I slay no
actually isolate okay you just give more
rides in a sleigh
okay Big Talk for someone who isn't even
real you know what is real acne
menopause unemployment all things you're
about to experience okay now get back to
work think Prancer took a dump with your
name on it
I'll go blow it up your chimney oh I'm
done for the day
yeah the Easter Bunny's having a house
party and mrs. Claus staying at her
sisters time to get me some Merry
Christmas what up everyone it's your boy
Noah thanks so much Lily for having us
on your channel we had a blast if you
want to check out our last collab it's
right over there if you want to check
out the bloopers it's right over there
and make sure to follow us all the link
will be in the description so make sure
to subscribe to her because she makes
new videos every Mondays and Thursdays
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
