oh I told myself to blow my nose before
I started now those boogers in my nose
up mom oh I told myself it blew my nose
before I started out of boogers in my
nose I should probably use that whatever
it's a gross silver welcome to a super
woman live the lives you might do on the
14th of every single month a few
exciting things the last one of 2016
second things is the first one in lily
pad the new lily pad and i know ii ii ii
was like you're just gonna be first as
simple alive probably got everything set
up
oh yeah count time to go be like pink it
is you never say everything I'll
organize on point you was hella wrong
look you know me better than that
so my first apartment I was on points in
one week everything was set up this was
a little harder because some people are
um doing decor in my rooms but that's
happening a little bit later on so I
can't fully unpacked little story short
my entire house is a disaster it's this
is how well my neighbor just helped out
here living well here mac and cheese
living up in boxes and this is how I'm
living but that doesn't matter what
matters that we're going to spend the
next hour it's gonna be nice quality
time worked with the kitchen order mean
will be until three o'clock PST I know
what time it is where you have all of
those are very thankful that you decide
to join me cuz I know some of y'all be
waking up in the middle of a night
somebody waking up early some be able to
do an itch to be here with me
so the next hour are you ready what
we're gonna do is a will let people
don't ask approval line has started
that's what we're gonna do first first
month I'm on you know my like my own
stream right now so tweets first step to
success loving yourself tweet using the
hashtag asked upon my facebook snapper
Jack Instagram Instagram story violin
when I was a tumble musically do ever to
attribute to boots and a mother effing
rainy but let people know ask supalen
live and started we got six thousand
people here we go grow it we go be
together for the next hour when I give
shout outs to some of you might wing was
noon exciting I'm gonna answer your
questions and more importantly than
anything we're going to be grateful
evolved happy human beings so listen to
me look into my eyes look into my eyes I
don't know if you're alone with your
friend whether
parents you sitting there dog whatever
you're doing for eating just look at my
eyes resign kid no matter what else is
happening in life we're gonna shut that
all off
we're shut it all off right now okay
last of happy mother to who shunned
Allah because the next our game present
in this moment mean you will be present
in this moment Oh me really well maybe
don't know me at all maybe I'm kind of
like weird you really like my videos is
matter for the next 60 minutes might be
friends there's exchange positive
energies virtually you know I mean if
you like oh fuck as the moon left we use
the hashtag ask Superman live my turn is
act i I super when I I call 9000 you
it's going to be splendid the tweet me
questions and you can treat me just
whatever you want and we'll go from
there
I thought a lot of exciting things to
tell you um 12 claps of Christmas holy
crap
it's chosen to use along as a prop grab
yourself a snack first
I got myself up by the foot okay it's
just fun fact in 99 percent plastic um
some eating like who Lindsey Lohan and
Negroes on myself some water on myself
some poop by the foot and ish we gonna
turn up have you been enjoying public
claspers good can you comment below and
can you treat me can you let me know
have you been enjoying 12 collapse of
Christmas I want to know I have never
worked so hard on 12 clouds before as
hard as I'm working this year a lot of
time energy money resources of thought
into clouds if you are enjoying them
makes all worth it I'll see what else
things worth it
I'm enjoying them I'm having a lot of
fun shooting them can we talk about my
cloud with Stephanie McMahon for a
second cuz I'm on the up and I straight
up I died I'm gonna walk me through what
the experience was like with my
experience with Gina was like I'm also
releasing a new club today
shortly after this livestream I believe
a little head here there you know Lynn
okay yeah okay um let me let me let me
be the jump on Twitter real quick I
never know what to do first it's
exciting okay let's see let's see what
we get up on Twitter use the hashtag
as Omaha he um Lily super @s as already
would you snapchat a gay a lot of people
who tweet me be like why don't you
snapchat
here's the deal let me break it down for
you I might snap chat hard for a few
reasons
I'm gonna preface this with I love
snapchat I think they're filters and
people - this dope and amazing but it
kills my battery like if I snapchat
three times a battery's icon zero and
also makes my phone shut off and I know
many of the people have this problem as
well second is because I daily vlog
right
I feel like snapchat is redundant in
that process I'll do something then I
have a snapchat it and I don't ever want
to become that person where I'm just
doing everything for social media to
screen like I want to do real human so
I'm from vlogging over snapchat that's
my two cents about it
do I think snapchats great yes but I
just I guess I'm not good at it my nose
is already in - god damn it what was
your favorite film so far asks Lay's
chips team super Palestine um my fake
lanthanum so far was Gina's and it was
weird because it actually like has a lot
of use but has a little bit less than
the other class but that is my favorite
Club of ever time with Gina it was so
much fun she is so much fun she's so
lovely and it was just like it was just
fun it was a fun creative she was like
grinding I'm using a good time and I
said that all the clubs have been really
special in their own way let's walk
through them mark is so sweet markiplier
so so sweet like I was blown away how
collaborative he is so markiplier you
also tweet him be saying please said
you're amazing because very few times
I've ever done a cloud where someone
comes to my house and they're like hey
like I have a few suggestions of what we
can do or like I'd to tweak things I
love that I think reading minds together
is beautiful
second Gina you ready no mom 11 Bay mob
base speaking with young women's honors
her event is gonna air next week I'll
let you know more about that all the
time comes but she is just mother at bay
her team were wonderful she was so
committed to the clam she's so
passionate about the clap she's great
Liza obviously was amazing Eliza was
doing special for me because I even
you're telling you're like you know I
taught chill but this way you should
feel some type of way because like all
my comments are mobilized and then it
was really nice to connect with her
because she was a gal that comes about
you and so it was nice to have that girl
of conversation we get to know each
other and she's so funny and so sweet
and very respectful not that anyone has
to pay me any respects I'm not trying to
say that but we're just very like trying
to learn about things and very just like
I don't know humble and I really
appreciated that number four was Adam
Devine hilarious came to my house so
down to earth came to the damn thing met
bottom dude all of them imaginary people
and he was just so cool and Stephanie
who's talked I was so nervous as she was
acne I walk in shooting my videos she
knew lines for my videos she knew my
birthday was she was just so sweet and
lovely
I went over time and she said no don't
worry but it's okay I said that I don't
just like you have a bomb your bomb so
that's I think what the fuck class use a
hashtag as Superman like let me know
what your favorite collaboration is
because I want to know what y'all like
and what you don't like in a few minutes
I will be someone the first shoutout if
you don't know what sense is your first
about as Superman number one what are
your priorities and number two it's
basically what I'm gonna tell you to do
a task like on Facebook or Twitter or
something I'll put one of you I'll write
your name on this paper and I both
opposing with it okay that's what's
going to happen okay ready
let's go ah ah yelling ha how's the book
coming along can we receive the book
Souter asks Esaias like Franco said that
right the book is coming along great you
can't get it soon unfortunately March
28th is the day but you can pre-order it
speaking of which you know what I heard
I heard on the streets you don't I heard
I heard that a great Christmas present
is pruning my book for someone I'm just
saying if someone emailed me being like
here's a link to your pre-order I would
be like your best friend alert and I'm
saying then we just put you in my five
you know they mean like that's a good
friend right there you want a pre-order
my book as a Christmas gift GI share
chick Shan I was coming on great to the
final design
it looks beautiful it sounds smart it
makes people laugh I'm very happy with
it okay Twitter's letting you know that
the first shuttle will happen in three
minutes and it will happen on hmm things
can happen on Twitter it's gonna help it
on Twitter so head over there
my nose does that Jay okay uh is it all
patent says what's your least favorite
and favorite thing about moving favorite
thing about moving was that I have more
space and mr. Kate is gonna decorate my
office and bedroom which I'm very
excited about least favorite thing is
this process I can't stand this every
day when I look at this I want to rip my
hair up then put my hair in a blender
and make this movie and then drink it
that's gross but that's what I feel like
that's how I feel all my stuff is a box
I can't find any of my things it is very
annoying and frustrating but is all good
we will persevere what questions I'm
going to open my where's the fruit bath
would y'all remember these when we were
kids
I mean it's um y'all still kids or what
I was a kid mmm-mmm-mmm
Blackburn asks are you going home for
Christmas this year I am going home for
Christmas is your but I'm gonna go as
close as possible to Christmas like on
the 23rd or 24th cuz I want to avoid as
much snow as possible and I hate the
coast mmm
and asks off the top of your head how
many pages is your book oh wow I should
know this I want to see 300 and
something wow I should know that's a
really good question thank you for
putting me in my place I'll go check on
that
mmm Muslim girl asks when are you going
to put up the team super wall okay great
question children the plastic great
question
I am putting up the wall in my guest
room I know that's interesting cuz not
gonna be in my office it's gonna be in
my guest room and the reason is I'm
gonna get a Murphy bed and my guest with
Jonathan is the wall that folds into the
wall the bedpost
wall and pulls down so that will be my
studio when guests come over it can
double as a bedroom as well that's the
plan there um I haven't done any of that
yet but you know ba ba ba ba David asks
how does she not even know how many
pages her book catch
well David it's because when I was
writing the book I didn't go by page
number I went by thoughts and when I'm
writing the book on word document those
pages don't actually translate to page
numbers because even if that was 200
pages with the way it's formatted and
the way there's graphics it could extend
to 500 so that's why I don't know how
many pages are in my book don't make me
make you a sandwich David come on now
okay I want the entire book I work hard
and why you don't one shade up for your
go shine come on oh well well well well
oh you guys use the hashtag ask a woman
live jobs all your asking questions I
see the hashtag women like that come on
come on team super where you at okay I
am going to someone asked me to super
can I ask what is your episode of a star
park aeri I don't want to check up on
that um I'm gonna follow up and ask them
but speaking of shows airing tomorrow my
episode of life in pieces airs I think
those are my friend Aaron actually it
will double check because right now I'm
a not knowledgeable person but but life
in pieces airs tomorrow on CBS episode
that I would babysitter it and it's fun
and it's adorable so if you watch life
in pieces I will be in tomorrow's
episode I'm gonna give away shadow I
feel like giving away a shadow that's
what I'm gonna do
let's give away a shout out okay so what
I'm gonna say is that I am going to UM
actually if you want my profile Terk on
slash heissen for my i'm it says i'm
going to be a WWE wrestler ah watch we
convinced a big man to let me into
WrestleMania as I pin to you I want you
to quote that tweet okay quote it and
say and tag Stephanie McMahon and WWE in
the quote and tell them what you would
want my storyline to be for WrestleMania
so
gonna be like dear WWE Stephanie McMahon
Louise you go to Wrestlemania and
wrestle or and enter with a wrestler and
interfere with and match and interview
people whatever you think I should do I
want you to quote that tweet the best
one I'm gonna give a shout-out to
speaking of which I really am going to
Wrestlemania is that for really pretty
cool I'm not personally before but this
is like through Stephanie McMahon god oh
oh hopefully some people here fix my
internet cousin be so annoying because I
told them not to come at you two and
three you know cuz I do I'm doing this
Kyle is it internet people okay here we
go here we go here we go okay but BAM
you gotta sing some great stuff flying
on a unicorn fighting unicorn onesie
enter with the Undertaker wrestle
Stephanie McMahon Yoshi would walk me
straight up ahh
uh I know know if you have a dry skin
here here I notice TMI but I do it's
like I don't know a joke uh-oh
Gabrielle says changeable Brazil hey my
mama bleep reorder your book as a
Christmas gift I'm gonna have to reach
week that I'm a retweet that ish okay I
like my line okay I'm gonna that simmer
for a second and I'm a crystal best one
in the meantime I'm to answer questions
I giving you updates another update is
like I said after this livestream I will
be releasing my is it since its sixth
clam right fix there's this club oh my
god mark Gina Liza Adam said she's my
sixth level today is the halfway mark oh
my god halfway through god damn god damn
oh but a lot of fun it's we my sis
Clavel be coming up it's very cute it's
very wonderful and I hope
you like it I love it I'm wrestling I
tell you big news
infomercial are you a member of team
super or maybe you just casually watch
my videos and you think honey I would
love to be in the superwoman video maybe
you thought that maybe you have never
had maybe I introduced this thought to
you right now well I've got good news
for you because at the end of the year
Lily does the video that reviews her
entire year but she's not able to do it
without your help if you refer to my
last year's review video I got teams to
super in the corner to say things that
we accomplished this year let me do the
exact same thing how can you be involved
well listen up I said evolve but I met
involved listen up okay what you to do
is keep an eye on my socials because one
day soon I'm gonna make a post with an
email address on top secret email
address and you can send in your video
submissions to be part of my end of your
video and which you can be featured on
my channel
does that sound great or maybe this
original I know you decide what the
point is in a couple days I will
announce this and you can say so
essentially you just reporters I'll say
we wrote a book and I'm like you'll be
in the video that's cool alright that's
cool that's correct the guy's cool good
job Billy all right let's see ah spread
all the girl of the shine ah God okay
what do we do let's super rock into
Russell me let them wrestle each other
okay I'll write something right again uh
um tickle fight with ladies winner come
Russ oh my god you're so good Oh hold on
also good I want to pick up a favorite
one though uh la you are saying to
wrestle the rock I know why you think I
would ever do I just found him to be
honest um she can find one of the Bella
Twins oh I love the Bella Twins
oh my god oh my god I don't know
okay wait wait wait wait I'm sorry guys
if I'm taking a second I just want my
share pika
mmm and you're the squad of wrestlers
wearing a unicorn Lindsey that's good
ah go to Wrestlemania following up with
a dweeb wrestler there the rock should
jump out of your heads
Oh what I guess I'm good um okay I know
I'm dead I'm a little sore to do I'm
gonna give it to um um um um okay I'm
gonna give it to I got it I got it I'm
writing a name I'm gonna shut up in the
right name is I you know what you order
is I have a bad habit of right I can
only do things I really believe it's not
a bad habits great thing red cat I have
no genuine I want to do it looks like
I'm gonna find an answer and give a
sháá like I actually have to pick the
one that I think is favorite yangmi okay
um so hey it's marker so pretty
um I don't know how to say your names
but I'm going to try okay
the person won this shot up if your
Twitter name starts with D you did not
win the shot but in Victoria name starts
with a what is it a you might have won
this shadow person said super should fly
in on a uniform with the Roth and um
commentate WWE which i think is great I
would love to competative his lot of fun
so
this is lling taffy I think is your name
I'm sorry if I butchered that but is you
shut up thank you so much if you do not
win that shard all right I'm gonna give
away and if you are using any list
offender work is that this live stream
is done you go on my channel it'll be
there you can pause rewind screenshot do
whatever you need to do my nose is itchy
let's keep going
the next channel will be on Facebook
it'll be in a few minutes maybe 6-inch
10 ish minutes so stay tuned on how to
win that thank you so much for joining
me continue to ask me some questions
using the hashtag asked superwoman lathe
oh we can continue doing the damn thing
leg up hmm
when will you announce the book tour
dates in the new year maybe January
maybe February I don't know new yeah
stair tone what else we got here sorry
I'm still reading wrestling thing
everyone laughs another book tour I
never stay tuned
yeah stay tuned okay stay tuned and yum
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum
you're so beautiful what is this my eyes
are melting that's a question Victoria
but thank you I tried what Julie asked
what you really want for Christmas of
your family and friends I honest I don't
want anything I don't people just say
how to sound their but actually don't
need anything
the one thing I did till I mom to buy me
was a vacuum it's arriving today I just
moved so like things like vacuum
yourself I'm all for that otherwise I
don't need anything I so much stop like
by a girl of Rafiki that's what I hear
in my book that's what I would want
otherwise I have no need for
materialistic things okay everything is
about the book tour
name the funniest people no angry angry
team super Dominican um buddy says I
know you you're very funny um I really
like there's so many people I think Amy
Schumer
I think Liza I think Johanna scammer
I think Miranda uh rebel Wilson was a
McCarthy Russell Peters uh Dwayne and he
gray is very funny
anything not is really funny too those
are my answers um are you going to be
releasing any merch soon no I'm doing
the opposite of releasing merch that's
Lauren by the way ask that I'm releasing
a book and my book the hashtag I'm using
is this is not merged let me explain why
I keep using the hashtag is because but
many people when they hear that I a
YouTube creator for lack of a better
term is creating a book they assume oh
there's like merge some stupid Cup this
book is not much is not merchandise this
book is a book with good ideas and smart
writing into the I'm worked very hard on
is not much there's not a checklist on
my to-do list it is not something I felt
like doing so I just didn't know
something I believe in
you're just a book by an author and thus
it is not much I might even call my tour
that this is not merch cool just saying
making sandwiches all day long okay
uh-oh its Bert okay um name your
favorite flavor of jelly beans asked its
gory I like the red color in every candy
the red or pink one that's my jam I'm
not fond of the oranges and lemons and
limes I'm not when I eat skittles the
orange and yellow ones are always left
in the pack because I don't want that
mMmmm ah shucks our asks what's your
favorite TV show okay I like the walking
dead I like being with drones
I like strangest things I like uh
aha I like Jane the Virgin they see
Messines Rose my tacos Lala what's your
favorite thing about the book ask Lucy
my favorite thing about the book there's
a few one I wrote it I like that I like
that I converted and I wrote it and I
believe in everything I said I really
like the design of the book I think it's
so stunningly beautiful it just looks
like a work of art I feel I'm very proud
about that and um one of my favorite
parts of book is actually the
acknowledgments at the end where I'm
thanking people I think that's very like
I almost cried while writing that
actually so that was very special to me
when you read it you'll know oh all
right what we got here we got 7500
people just chillin on the interwebs
over here I'm going away the next
shuttle in five minutes we'll be on
Facebook we'll be on my fan page
facebook.com slash iisuperwomanii and it
will be related to my video with
Stephanie McMahon so go ahead and jump
on over there and I will tell you what
to do in just a couple minutes and tell
them I'm gonna keep answering questions
in case you're just joining us welcome
to ask super in life last year we're
doing the 14th every single month where
I answer your questions I tell you
what's up a few shadows act weird I chop
really fast run out of breath I regain
my breath and it's a good sighting good
time so thank you for being here thank
you for joining me on this beautiful
Wednesday or Thursday depending on where
you live
small question Liz will you be making
any more sandwiches soon so yes I really
like that series where I made the
sandwich but I won't always make a
sandwich I will do whatever makes sense
from a comment so with that one a
sandwich makes sense but if I get
another comment I'll do something
related to that I really like that
series I think was really funny it was
really fun and so I go to another one
soon Harleen asks what's the thing you
love about Kyle Koons
can't think of anything actually Kyle
what are you doing you've been summoned
if anything I want Kyle is that face he
makes when he's confused
come here mother it is like no come down
look everyone use it what imagine no
you'll see what am I look at look
something like that dance my favorite
legal colonist of the look he makes me
confused that's a huge bin yeah oh my
god oh my god my favorite thing what
Kyle is everything just say so my
favorite thing woke how is called a very
hard worker
I like that you know Kyle he cares about
Superman almost as much as I can to vote
almost no one can possibly care loves I
do but he's out there sound like what
huh
daddy's booty so fine you just top it
from you over there haha
okay are you missing humble acts Lexi I
guess I'm missing humble I'm so glad he
was here when I got to move because I
wouldn't like struggled and been very
scared but then when he left I felt it
took a while like my god one of these
noises in the house I feel so lonely so
yes I miss humble all right I'm gonna
jump out to my facebook real quick
lalalala okay I'm going to say wait for
it wait for it wait for it wait for
share my latest video to make each
little action out like yeah I'm good
so what I want is I'm going to say share
my latest video to an alive shuttle
right now and go I'm posting sentiment
collab all you
share it then comment below say done and
I will pick someone and I will give my
shadow and it is posted go go go go go
go go
my nose is Ichigo mmm mmm mmm
I'm Yoshi hmm
how every bad feeling just a new
password no one okay what is made in the
last let's give you full name okay
Cao Lu sending me love loads over here
germ aspirin he wrote me a letter says
do you like me check yes or no I said
maybe
okay well question oh my god this side
of my nose can you talk one for a second
what do I do can you treat me some
remedies right here's Drive what do I do
somebody help me help me help me what's
my favorite thing about the new house
ask Rebecca but baby thing about the new
house is the right now because I haven't
gotten my hot tub yet right now is the
doors in my living room that bleeding
more difficult stay open but then they
open more angle into the wall so like
the whole living gets open to the
outside and it's very cool using them a
lot open those all the time that's
really cool mmm oh I was just informed
that I was nominated for a People's
Choice Award in 2017 how cool is that if
you want to vote you could do that
that's awesome
it's myself Miranda cutie pie Shane
Dawson and Tyler all people are
wonderful that's great
if you want to vote for me for People's
Choice go ahead and do that that's
really cool
thanks for nominating me Steve super
that's wonderful
I like to sweeten you know we to speak
to me I know what to do
what's the hardest thing what 12 clubs
asks follow a lot friend um the hardest
thing were 12 clans is thinking of 12
ideas 12 ideas in one month is a lot of
ideas a lot of script writing is a lot
of creative juices be used so definitely
that and second tonight is scheduling so
people have clapping with you know their
TV shows their movies their musicians
that it's like trying to find a tie to
my schedule and their schedule is very
very hard to do so those are the things
that I think are hard in about three
minutes
I'm gonna check Facebook so if you've
not done so you can go on to Facebook
you can share my recent post and you can
win yourself a shout out your car
laughing every four dancers from
upstairs sorry um okay and bam bam all
that we talked about the YouTube views
have been frozen forever so I have a
creator app where I can see what the
user actually at an absolute YouTube you
count has been frozen for three days and
I'm like what y'all doing oh you're
acting like Elsa mom's left not okay mmm
questions questions what happened to the
Piercy at the top of your ears producing
for a while at cut askin conceit okay
funny story when I did my book photo
shoot my stylist told me to take it out
we took it out
no one his name was put back in not
because the piercings closed although
honestly now it might be but you needed
a special tool to close the earring and
so that's why I don't wear it because
that was like a good one that didn't
stab back my neck all the other half
step I had the back of my head here so I
sacrificed it for the book another
reason you should pre-order god damn
yeah Jim
guys no questions James taught asks how
do you getting character to play when
Gees and bottom gee I have to be dressed
as them when I'm dressed as them it just
comes to me naturally I can do my Jeep
without Bluebeard and sure like I'm
gonna be like who said funny the big
head you doing no no you're not
but if I'm wearing the beard of the
shirt it'll be ten times better and the
wig as well is something about being
dressed as them sends me their energies
and I can do it sorry I'm slouching
I mean I was sleepy today I went to bed
really so I'm snatching now okay okay
okay um will you be getting a new tattoo
eight times to a nest Benicia I really
want to eat a tube I think I'm going
here um or here I haven't decided yet
but I really want to get think about
getting a heart a hollow heart like that
or you I agree like laurdiy is Lawrence
tattoo the coordinates I feel like I
might have a copyright or no see no no
no no no someone asks oh no where the
question go mm mm ah Helen asks what do
you miss most about the first lily pad
right now I miss how everywhere that
lily pad my phone and the Wi-Fi work and
this house reception sucks but we just
bought an extender from my phone and the
wife and people are coming right up as
lodging to extend that as well so
hopefully that won't be a problem as of
right now I'm in my bedroom my Wi-Fi my
phone reception is like next to nothing
yeah yeah okay instance kiss kiss kiss
John's um um how long does it usually
take to write 12 class acts the nya
Saunders uh if I already have an idea I
can write a script in one sitting and
maybe two three hours but that's just
because in December my friends always
tell me I just get smarter as a person
because I'm writing so many clubs my
creative muscle gets worked so much in
so I'm just better at it in December way
better than I am
rest of the years so I can do it a
little faster but it's looks as a real
long time fault like it's my like yo I
thought like alright I'm refreshing my
Facebook page into 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
there we go we're gonna pick some and
give them a shout-out so good okay here
we go
here we go
I got it I'm writing someone's name are
you ready it could be your name it could
be your name I'm ready right now I can
read your name if that means something
to you no okay
hello um yeah that's that this is gonna
be another name I definitely can't
pronounce so Bob I'm sorry you did not
win and I love the color of this marker
Kyle was singing upstairs Thanks
Oh being here I'm saying this ish okay
the person what is chairman Gullah
Gullah her uh who says my favorite part
is when you throw the can Jill is so
funny fun fact if he did not know which
many of you do know it is a parody of
the greatest freak of ever was a viral
video from years ago where a kid's mom
Kansas is World of Warcraft subscription
he goes crazy that's what I was
mimicking but thank you so much for
sharing your being here
if you
don't worry because absences done will
be my channel where you can pause rewind
screenshot do what you need to do you do
not want to shut up why are you trippin
I'm still here for 15-20 minutes and I
want more blank piece of paper could
have your name on it the next shuttle
will be on Twitter so you can hand over
there okay let's go back into my cheese
Jones on tutors ah Ultra King asks will
you ever get a pet I would want a dog
but I travel way too much that's the
thing when I start to travel a little
less in life I'm definitely I got a dog
I want to talk to so badly we never get
a gaming console Halloween and I'm very
content with it
yes um yum yum yum mmm mmm mmm oh no I'm
yawning good in HD but no more much TP
because I'm here you still have to wear
Invisalign every day yes I'd love for my
design every day admittedly I'm only
wearing out Nikes or a bad person best
is when I shoot I never wear my
Invisalign um but I tried to wear it
other times
so yes I'm still wearing my teeth are
getting a little better still cooking
but you're getting a little better okay
voila we put that where will you put the
new stick needles from visitors ash
Charmaine I don't know how you decided
yet if you have been following my blog
for a while you know that I usually have
a section of my house with sticky notes
that people sign that have been to my
house I don't know where I'm gonna put
that I gotta figure it out where do you
think I should put it you let me know
maybe near the toilet or people add
something to do better than poopoo okay
but what I can sing okay sorry you know
it is I just wish the real for a second
it is so hard to do asks if I'm alive
when I'm alone because I'm trying to
read the things and trying to do it my
miss humble cuz he helps me doing this
so and I also expend so much energy
being with all the master ulla and now
for the next
for 16 minutes I'm gonna just calmly do
a superb alive I'm still gonna be myself
but a calmer version because I'm getting
TP because I'm ready crabs and going to
bed late and my gosh if I'm alive and
you're my science and I think I can be
Tom so that's what I'm gonna do that's
what we're doing or die okay let's see
what else we got here
mm-hmm
who wrote gullible on the wall behind
you asks Aaron let me check so take I
stole mine
you think I stole her team super rhythm
says my teeth are so much straighter now
thanks uh thanks I mean it's not a lot
to go but thanks I'm only doing this as
I want to grill it's not a girl I want
just a girl right here so I can be like
this that could be like that's all
that's all I want
Gabrielle asks did you go to Walking
Dead attraction at Universal Studios
Hollywood
no I didn't they also something for
Halloween and I realized too late I
didn't get to go but I'm gonna go next
year for sure for sure
mm-hmm wear my unicorn floaties ask
Divya I don't know oh my god there's so
many questions upstairs in the upper
floor it's just all boxes all boxes is a
hot effin disaster is what it is what
has he done in about three minutes I'm
gonna tell you how to win one more shout
out and it is gonna be on Twitter so
stay tuned or I last shoutout haha
normal says I showed my sister had to
clean by hugging the table and she was
blown away you do good I just rubbed on
something if you do not know I'm a
cleaning master and I taught everyone a
new way out of clean tables you don't
want to talk about please refer to
youtube.com slash super blogs for your
life to be changed no big deal
have you ever considered making a gaming
channel ask Miriam no no I couldn't game
I'm not a good gamer I don't know how to
use more than like two different buttons
like on basic controller so I wouldn't
be good at that and I think there's a
lot of gamers out there that are great
at what they do like Mark and cutie pie
and all them and I think they're more
than wonderful at what they do even if
some of them want to say mean things
don't think they're great
um bah what's another question do you
have a favorite NBA team s and E up yes
the Toronto Raptors come on now we the
North Pole were six you know what's up
we out here Toronto Raptors what's up
evidently my babies what did not to do
the pineapples you Center ask Harley you
know what
everyday she says new picture her eating
a pineapple secure those so many
variables and everywhere the office just
knows that she's the pineapple person
now it's good it's good
oh you wouldn't notice one of the things
someone just said you'd remind me of
this this is new trend I'm gonna go
video well cuz this new trend of
complimenting people it's very abusive
it's like mom oh my god choke me with
your hair stabbed me with a high heel
hit me with the truck and a friend I
supposed to be the pictures nice what is
happening like on my victim so does it
with her range age I'm also self
consoling yes
stab me with your teeth choke me with
your hands why would I do that why would
I do that
so abusive oh my goodness
um mom could you possibly go to a we gay
even drink book tour as a joke thee I
don't know that be able to go to we
danger in book tour but I am hopefully
not set in stone planning to maybe try
to hope to go to the LAV day because it
does align with my book tour boy last
shot up what you gonna do on Twitter is
you got to who should we do okay use
that much look system
fools I'm gonna switch out the walls
what I want to do is I want to use a
hashtag twelve collabs of ex-miss not
Christmas I know it's a short form it's
too long for hashtag so 12 clubs of Xmas
and tell me what your favorite club was
and why I will pick someone that uses
that hashtag and I will give them a
shout out if you have a space please tag
me in the tweet if not I will also
search at the hashtag so yeah that's why
won't you do go ahead and do that let me
know I'm gonna have to end this live
sing a couple minutes early because I
had to poke but I'm gonna give this
shine away first is Australia in your
near future asked Alex I'm asking 2017
will you result in some australia life i
would like to believe because you know
tour you know what I mean well have you
found the extra footage from YouTube
rewind a slave ships no I haven't I know
when I shall I put it
I'm so stupid I think asleep remember
myself saving it to just annoying me God
Gloria asks do you still hear noises in
your new home I do and I get scared
every night I'm pretty sure it's just
like faint noises I can hear because my
house is technically beside other houses
but like I don't know I might have
talked sprinkle skittles everywhere to
get rid of any skirts la la la la la la
la la what else we go to mucho magenta
was one thing you craved for a for EMS
Christie um ice cream popcorn everything
that's horrible for you basically I've
been eating a lot of ice cream recently
ever since I made that video the
Stephanie McMahon when I was eating ice
cream cones about the ice cream cones
the ice from just that video and I have
every single day every single day that's
a hot mess is what it is
okay talk clubs a Christmas you're come
to tweet ah
ah got some Gina's I got a Victoria
Victoria wasn't well cloud is a cloud
though that's good
um Liza
Gina getting a lot of Gina's Liza Gina
what else we got here
Gina Gina Liza
Gina Stephanie McMahon lies on mark Adam
they're all different
I love it all right that's what the same
um I know who I'm giving it to this
paper okay writing your name
it's your Twitter name going with this
okay I adore you
the person won this shout out - yes
happy Rama whose name is also Jay I
believe you said you my favorite all
clubs on Christmas within you and Adam
Devine Club and I kept saying sex
education that is also one of my
favorite parts of a club so here you go
if you mister don't work because that
this is done you already know it's gonna
be on my channel you can pause your wine
all that yes you know what I mean um
this is really let me Bob for a second
hold on me and Ian asks the woman live
is going down this is really off because
at nine minutes left but I have to end
early because I have to poop that's a
first
say ha
I this is really awkward but I'm going
to end the livestream with my final
thought now because I really have to
prove and I don't want to hold in my
poop and you're my real friends and I
want to be honest with you also my nose
really itchy but I really want to do an
ask super alive still because even
though amongst the club collabs log
people like are you still gonna do what
it's okay don't happen to us no I like
this time even if a lot of people will
watch even if it's like you know 6000
people I'd like to know that is a lot of
people actually but I'm just saying that
I just like this time to spend with you
where it's not script it's not anything
I'm just spending quality time it's
important to me is one of my values and
I want to uphold it so I want to spend
this time with you thank you for joining
matter where you are and um and now I'm
going to send me poop emojis with just
further room I need to poop my final
thought is going to be it's going to be
something I learned during 12 left which
is it's important to work really really
hard we already know that something I've
learned during 12 clouds is one of the
ways you can work really really hard is
if you make things fun so I encourage
whatever you want to accomplish in life
whether it's you know your doctor to be
a lawyer or if it's to be a youtuber if
it's to finish a book or if it's to
write a movie script or if it's to be a
NASA whatever it is try to make it fun
somehow sit down literally write app is
live so you make a list of ways you can
make your dream and the hard work you do
fun whether it's listening to music
during it whether it's doing it with
friends for me is personally working
with people I really really enjoy and
it's clattering with people I think are
funny in that I'm dying to me so I've
thought of little ways to make it fun um
and it's made the world of a difference
is now I work really really hard but
it's fun so it's easier to work out so I
encourage you all do it there's always a
way to work hard and have fun figure out
what it is achieve your dreams I believe
in you so much and you should believe in
yourself
imma get out of here thanks for joining
the last ask Supergirl I love this year
what a way to end it with me having to
poop and thus leaving early but that's
how you know even in 2016 so for me
keeping it real until next time I wish
you happy holidays be safe
the next cloud comes out very shortly on
this channel stay tuned for it and I
love you all so much happy New Year to
you and I will see you next year and
when I don't have to poop what a
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
Hey
