I wrote a wish on this piece of paper
when I was 15 years old and by the end
of this video I'm gonna make it come
true what a cover what it's a girl
superwoman and I've accomplished a lot
in life I hit 10 million subscribers
I've traveled the world I have a VIP
chipotle card French Bonet every day for
a year say hey hey but there's one thing
I haven't been able to do yet and that's
to become a WWE Superstar now you might
be sitting there like what the f are you
talking about Lilly's let me break it
down for you since I was a little girl
I've been obsessed with the WWE and I'm
talking about like oh that's so cute
look at her she's passionate about
something like now I was a freak of a
child 15 years ago
time to play the game this match is for
the World Heavyweight Championship it's
gonna be trolling versus the Brahma bull
the people chances the electrifying man
could you smell what The Rock is cooking
she has definitely hit golf balls
did you drink when you were pregnant
with her this your stupid DNA okay
pedigree Stone Cold Stunner chokeslam
you name it my teddy bear got it mother
effing Ted is still scared of me to this
day okay
I was ruthless straight-up WWE was my
life and I was protective about it
especially when some person with that
death wish wanted to tell me it was fake
13 years ago my mom said that wrestling
is fake and they aren't even really
touching each other oh yeah
well my mom says that your dad's hair is
fake and that's why I nighttime your
parents don't really touch each other
either and all those scary noises your
mom makes in bed perfect no they're not
fake they're real they're playing video
games my mom is is really good at them
nah-uh and I also heard that you were an
accident and you're actually born
because of something called tequila no
tequila's my mom's medicine and the
doctor gave it to her and demanding say
that liar I did
um fake item then why are these motions
so real now the few times a WWE event
would come to my city I would annoy the
crap out of my parents to go this one
time of Wrestlemania aka the biggest
event of the entire year came to Toronto
the rock versus Hulk Hogan no big deal
no big deal and my parents just didn't
understand so I had to behave
accordingly ten years ago mom no I
didn't even ask you anything yet
whatever it is no mom I need to go to
Wrestlemania please refer to my previous
answer I have to go or else my life will
be over
really sad mom Mac the main event is a
TLC match hmm TLC they're doing
wrestling now I thought they doing say
yes to dress no a Tables Ladders and
Chairs match mom what is wrong with that
hey what's wrong with the semi you in
this family and no mom if you say no one
more time I swear to god I'm gonna run
away and I'm never gonna come back I see
what a god
no guys his mom said she can't go to
Wrestlemania and she's freaking out hey
chill out okay
all I want is to go to Wrestlemania
without having to threaten to run away
is that so much - and hold up I know
what you're thinking why does Lily from
15 13 and 10 years ago all of the same
as Lily today because I didn't want to
hire a child actor yeah apparently you
have to like feed them every few hours
no thanks
now since becoming a mature adult I've
tried various other methods to become a
WWE Superstar for example one time they
held auditions and like it went pretty
well all right Lily thanks for coming in
let's start with you doing three
push-ups when the auditions didn't go so
well I decided to find myself some WWE
friends and ask them for a few favors
hey girl
hey lil what's up do you remember that
time you some use and I was all like
bless you and you were all like thank
you um no but okay I would need a return
on that favor I need you to put in a
good word for me at the WWE please Lily
not to be rude but you're like the least
fit person I know what didn't I just go
hiking with you um you took an uber to
the top of the hill I already explained
this to you okay I was trying to support
the economy okay going to out here
acting like I didn't bless your sneeze
but wait are we sawing for yoga later
new phone who dis okay apparently I have
this reputation for not being in shape
which i think is ridiculous because
hello round is a shape let's not be
haters but this year I've decided to
take matters into my own hands and this
year my Christmas gift to myself is to
make my wish come true and I know just
how to do it I'm gonna work really
really really hard to break into
someone's hotel room yes ma'am
we'll have your order up right away
hey thanks don't know I told you away
two minutes so seems like I beat you up
come on get back in there hey ya know
that room service just got here
I'll call you back thanks even Marie
listen I'm sure your friend is great
okay but I just don't have time to talk
to her okay thanks
one spaghetti mm-hmm one Caesar salad
love those crispy croutons and one Oh
what is this future piece of
best-selling lurch what I'm sorry what
uh listen I know this is overwhelming
for you because you could practically
here in the money sighs that's just
because I'm the biggest up eww superstar
to ever exist
who let you in here destiny that
beyonc√© and Kelly you're in this hotel
oh no I just meant like fate and stuff
also wasn't there three members
sometimes Michele yeah Ashley
Jessica Courtney no no no wait wait wait
no I'll serve it to my tongue Oh Michele
Michele bull us working together our
break where's my security what not
definite listen she gave me a chance to
convince you please and why should I
give you a chance you break into my
hotel room pretend to be room service
and now my croutons are getting soggy
and there is nothing worse than soggy
croutons because I'm dying oh my god
you're dying to be a WWE Superstar why
is this happening to me my hands were
Shh
Stephanie McMahon definitely stick
absolutely not
listen Seth okay I've been watching WWE
from before WCW men women crush
Wednesday before your dad but hmm okay
I've been following your career since
you were supposed to marry text right um
you know that's all storyline right whoa
okay whoa that's not say anything we
don't mean now I know what it takes to
be a WWE Superstar now would be a great
one
all right you know what uh Paul he were
you you're here and everything so let me
ask you a few questions okay okay now
we're talking
all right so first up what would your
persona okay okay are you ready for a
with this thanks Oh done Millenial
sounds awful
I'm listening I'd enter the ring on a
hoverboard those annoying things wearing
a flower right a higher dose then I
climb up on the turnbuckle okay you know
just make yourself a second self easy
okay but I think you're getting it cuz
you know the audience would actually boo
you and we need bad guys yeah oh my god
I like this the catchphrase I'm ready
for this yeah it's time to Netflix and
chill
oh yeah okay it could be legal issues
with that one and my finishing move it
would be the dab of debt I raise that
it's like that came in to the ropes
oh okay cool into their esophagus slam
Wow
yeah no you'd totally be a heel
obviously core knowing is oh yeah and
entitled instead of a title match it
could be entitled matcha you could
that's good or or maybe a ladder match
oh except instead of a championship belt
on the top of ladder there could be an
iPhone charger yeah this conversations
actually making me want to get my tubes
tied or a Hell in a Cell but get this
here's the catch there's no life I in
the cell the horror
yeah the heart so are you like in shape
are you physically fit
oh okay this is up in your seat yeah
that's use a thing right I decided
instead of having a 6-time I'll just
link to a missile well I mean have you
ever actually competed in a ring mmm no
but last year I did go to the mall on
Christmas Eve you know basically same
thing nod to body to the ground -
laughing tenderly yes that kills you
know I've got to say I'm actually
impressed
okay I've actually got my partner's down
the hallway let me go grab them alright
yeah yeah sounds good no yeah yeah no
it's all good I am wouldn't anyway
whatever can I at least get tickets like
WrestleMania or something fine you just
get how boy was it was no question we're
not special kid when you sign your
initials next to your husband's and it
reads sm h HH the people think you're
just like shaking a lot of heads or i
don't even know what that means but you
get out right so nice to meet you oh
yeah bye
hey Dad listen I've got this great idea
for a new superstar so why don't we
learn here today kids we learned that if
you break into someone really important
hotel room you know you might not become
a WWE Superstar but you might just get
yourself some WrestleMania tickets and
that's one win for crazy obsessed very
cheap fifteen year old Lily I'll see you
there whatever wants a girl's some woman
in Stephanie with me that's what stuff
if you liked this video make sure give
it a thumbs up make sure you check out
Monday Night Raw every Monday night
don't get superwoman on Monday Night Raw
yes check out my last video check out my
vlogs make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday
one love superwoman that is a recognize
sure and actually I don't have visited
to whoever didn't want
