why you always late
what about one very big day macho and
latte for focus huh so the development
execs can only meet us today they fly
out to London tomorrow to Emma Watson's
pitch damn she eloquent true but we
bring the fun that's right get your girl
I can do both that is ours you get
Britney's present come on you only get
married once more twice oh forget me
three husbands oh okay let's do this 3d
Britany back to their party and there's
a table before in the name Gina
Rodriguez
okay
oh so sorry to keep you waiting and
thank you again for meeting with us Lily
should be here any minute
LA traffic you know Mel that is not a
problem at all Gina we were here early
so you're actually right on time I
always am ma'am
you missed up one two three rounds of
shots great yeah Jesus a few minutes
away you know at a drive-in had a city's
luck do a sittin down that big rut but
our stills there
real professional
sparkling Rosie you know I usually don't
indulge in alcohol but seeing as this is
a special occasion why not well cheers
to that
yeah oh it's yours daddy big I just love
drinking to the future of this project
oh and to the fearless women in film who
are dying to have their voices heard mmm
hey can you hear me
Cosmo double shot yeah all right you all
might take a leap out of here big
hi Lily
perfect timing we were just discussing
how 52 percent of the population are
women and yet 90% of the showrunners
slated for 2017 are male mMmmm lucky for
both of you or to fear on this women
ready to work Cosmo for the lady oh
thank you oh I'm just a regular here you
know so they just bring me things yeah
thanks David so our new series shied
away from stereotypes yeah we make it a
point that the women are portrayed as
strong smart and three-dimensional
characters that's right I mean doesn't
53% of the population deserve to see
themselves represented respectably no
well II I feel like you got it from here
man just go powder my nose yeah okay
okay I'm in what yeah I'm in I mean that
guy god no I just met the bathroom for
you sure else I'm always so kind of her
oh where were we
I am so sorry I'm late I was Gina virgin
yes that's me
yeah but hey how you doing you got a
cell phone can I get those digits though
won't we talk in prepay we ultimately
plan on distributing via subscription
based networks yeah it's prepaid making
it a safer investment I'm picking up
what you put down up in here boom yeah
oh and if we get picked up we would
double down our investment I'm just
saying that our chemistry is off the
charts according to surveys the need for
such a series is off the charts oh
excuse me one second I'll be right back
both in a restroom at the same time
what's wrong with that
you got a problem yeah so no no no these
Spanx are small
here's another job man give us more shot
if you take a look at the numbers
they'll actually compel you to give us a
shot yeah
the future is female after all when life
gives you lemons fight for equality we
would love to fully finance a pilot
episode for you Tim oh gee golly
fantastic who will not let you down sir
sorry yeah so do to get quality they
were sure I'm ready to get this we just
landed a pilot deal that will not only
empower women but level the playing
field in terms of diversity what
that's what wait which sport no no never
mind
girl is okay Congrats you're getting
married again
Oh for real I'm so glad we can make it
you're even with the back and forth Oh
worth it yeah guy I'm just not sure if
he's the one
okay what about me where's the girl the
superwoman and Gina rock true girls
right okay first of all using even a
thumbs up if you want Gina and I to do
more collaborations I'm in love with her
wearing like I'm in love it's a thing
Gina you did something sick young
woman's honors tell them what it is
check it out December 19th on the CW can
see more below in the description
because she understands YouTube and
that's why I appreciate it but loud
you're gonna also check that on Jane the
Virgin it's dope AF mix you check it out
you want to check out my last video it's
right over there it's right here if you
watching my second watching this one
it's right there make sure you subscribe
because I'm doing these sick
collaborations and other than that I
make videos every Monday and Thursday
I try my outro shout out one love one
love superwoman superwoman that is a
wrap this is era and and
