god I wish my clothes fit like that her
crews look like a dollar sign came to
life man oh god my Spanx are riding up
how's your hair such goals she's
actually Rapunzel those pumps are fire I
wish I can walk in heels like her she
came in looking like Naomi Campbell walk
Naomi Campbell walk my ankles would snap
oh come on man her eyebrows are the
literal definition of fleek and I bet
those are my lashes too
Oh her eyeballs are so protective oh the
sucks I'm in an elevator with two Malibu
Barbies are you guys going down yeah I
have yeah yeah sorry I'm going out
I mean he was cute but those donuts
though I know if we're glazed donut we
could take a little ride up for as I'm
right I mean legally so mess with us you
can take the stairs
bt-dubs girl this outfit is everything
hey say your lashes I mean they're
poppin
all right thanks I mean that's true and
all but I'm still thinking about those
priorities on No why don't we just start
talking when we got into the elevator we
could have been best friends like five
minutes ago
speaking of which girl I'm have to
borrow those shoes and an ankle brace
