alarm clock you had one job your resume
says the G in lasagna no time to get
ready today this outfit is so ugly One
Direction went the other way this
microwave is frustrated you remind me of
the guys that I dated your loud and
annoying like my ex you complicated I
always push your buttons and you always
keep me waiting you called this a
burrito it's falling apart like my life
man I can't eat you I'll regret every
bite man I thought I'd left my parking
spot but this whole freeway is this a
giant parking lot
and you drivers Got Talent cuz this
looks like one big mannequin challenge
off the next ramp smooth sailing for me
he's bumping dropped on my face smells a
lot of tea like a gossip magazine on my
class burning like I went to the gym
hey you know maybe I'm thinking about
life the wrong way didn't wake me up and
now I'm running late but look out the
window it's such a sunny day please love
photosynthesis Phoebe mr. Seidman on top
yeah gotta run the room is very messy
can't find anything that goes what all
this on the floor is looking super cool
this open doesn't match but have no fear
you want one of a kind girl the best
kind of weird like a Rito fell apart big
mess on my place so time for a spoon yet
too young meets away sup Kurian Krauss
I'm so uncomfortable I'm such a fertile
woman ovary so functional drop my phone
made a crack in the screen
now you need just got a message from
Miranda single mr. words but you're
still my queen
and we're stuck in traffic and nobody
really moving except for me to my
favorite song groovy everyone is sped up
and they're banging on the horn music to
my ears the bumper to bumper so own
record came out of nowhere and cut into
my legs I know you're probably late
here's a smile and away you'll need to
hold a grudge cuz nothing was lost
good thing I'm a pro and I Drive like a
must-read smooth sailing for me but slow
down I don't wanna kill all my teeth you
boy on the street just notice me man I'm
not toilet paper but I'll be all on that
booth to my meeting found a great
parking spot
nothing is so perfect that I could be a
watch it wrecks my upper lip but no need
to freak over extra helmet earning some
money hello hey cumulus clouds I love
the way you float up there like giant
pieces of cotton candy it makes me so
hungry hey mailbox I appreciate that you
provide an alternative method of
communication for grandparents
everywhere that don't know how to use
email he walks with no button thanks for
letting me press you over and over again
even though technically I always rusty
ones bugs I love the way you buzz random
rock you rock hey doormat I love that I
can walk all over you and you still have
self esteem hey door I love mine take me
from outside to inside or inside to
outside or outside to outside or inside
hey shoelaces no matter how many knots
are tied you still seem to come undone
and I admire that persistence
VLC media player I love that you play
everything but you're still so loyal hey
door handle I love the way you door
handle if we're always gonna shake
knocking up our days if we want a better
time than the start throwing shine
don't be shy throw a shot if we want a
better time than the start throw a shine
whatever everyone it's your girl
superwoman and I hope you enjoyed this
video if you did give it a thumbs up
like actually do it because I worked
really really hard on it huge shoutouts
to three musketeers for helping you of
this video and helping we throw shine
because you know this is the concept I
super believe in life is about focusing
on the positive not on the negative so
stop throwing shade and throw some shine
I want to hear how you throw shine so
use the hashtag throw shine a comment
below and I'll be stopping everyone that
does that's the promise you wanna check
out my last video it is right over there
my second vlog channel is right over
there you makes you spud cuz I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and I
want you to be here okay one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
