well we're going on our second date Hale
it isn't he cute mm-hmm almost as Judas
his fiancee but that's none of my
business
damn Jessica looks so good in this
picture of us crop her out I hit five
million Instagram followers yet the last
picture only got 50 likes but that's
none of my business
oh I should just finally update my
computer remind me tomorrow I'm like
really into meditation recently namaste
mm-hmm that must be why your bank
account is sitting still but that's none
of my business I'm so happy I'm working
out again order pizza no no more time
for bed one more episode I hate flying
like no I just can't stand airplanes yet
your head is always in the clouds but
that's none of my business my periods a
day late buy a crib I think I'm gonna
make another draw my life video first
you should learn how to draw your
eyebrows but that's none of my business
okay listen let's just have a mature
adult conversation about this throwing
tantrum Kevin keeps texting me no he
seems really sorry respond with K he
hasn't responded yet I'm gonna stop he's
probably just busy but Drake lyrics in
your Instagram caption girl don't even
get me started okay you know she tried
to hook me up on a blind date I'm like I
am not that desperate
you know I've been sipping tea across a
hundred and thousand tweets but you're
still more thirsty than me
but that ain't none of my business damn
the lighting here is perfect for a
selfie show some cleavage shut up
yeah I only organic and natural foods
hmm
yet your personality's so artificial but
that's none of my business I'm good
honestly new rude Kermit no I don't have
time for you you know all the time to
find foundation that matches your skin
but that's none of my business you're
not even real mm-hmm just like your
lashes but again that's none of my
business okay you're a puppet there's
literally a hand up your butt
Oh more action than your again but
that's none of my business
you're just a dated meme hmm okay you
know what I'm an adult so I'm just gonna
walk away from this by stab it with your
fork and what if everyone's a girl
superwoman and yes that will be inside
of my brain looks like this is such a
goofy video but I kind of sort of loved
it if you enjoyed it please give me a
thumbs up because I am sweating buckets
right now from that costume and I want
to know if you enjoyed it so if you did
take a second let me know by clicking
the thumbs up you can also comment below
let me know what other memes do you want
to see me reenact you want to do the
blueness let me know if you wanna check
out my last video it is right over there
it is called how to make a sandwich
for sexist my second vlog channel it
can't help but notice that you didn't
click Subscribe yet but that ain't none
of my business
