now don't let this title confuse you
okay cuz when I say three I mean three
out of seven hundred whatever everyone
it's a girl superwoman and I had a very
blessed and privileged childhood with
wonderful parents all right now the bath
out of the way Oh straight up that
issued me the F oh I mean in the end are
we all messed up in our own special way
not me here are three ways my childhood
turned me into a weirdo number one
expiration dates here's the thing right
growing up and even to be honest
currently right now my parents simply do
not believe in expiration dates my
parents believe that if you wash your
hair on Thursday it's bad luck my
parents also believe that if you're
leaving a house but someone sneezes
that's a sign that you should not leave
but tiny dates on food that prevent you
from getting sick hell nah don't be
ridiculous
why am I so close to the camera I'm like
all up in your face I'm like Hello it's
my video just back it up Lily back it up
I just zoom out I just I don't have of
the video though yeah I mean Oh
anyways Frank okay listen just go to the
skit do the swipe things
okay mom what are you doing I'm putting
over the team powder and milk why does
it sound like you're building a house
it's just little bit hard okay that's
probably because it's expired okay
expired no no when and hitting the
bottle better get a little bit hard okay
the air isn't Madusa mom let me check
the day then it's bloody brand new okay
this hasn't expired in 2015 what no 15
is month no it says June 2015
that's more than a year or nothing
happening just one year okay it's
expired no yes it is
No oh this is not my opinion okay this
is a fact what these things just
estimation okay suggestion look this
Patrick now and because of this as an
adult I now too
don't believe in expiration dates and I
don't take them that seriously to be
honest is more of like a pride thing
where I'm just like yo who the f is this
bread to tell me what to do like 101 let
me get this straight okay I bring you
into my home I refrigerate you and and
you're gonna give me orders don't make
me cut you you see what I did there with
the bread and the cutting is the
digitarium is this is why I'm in the
comment section of YouTube go ahead and
subscribe now remember to sex or lack
thereof now it's no secret that in
Indian culture the subject of sex is a
little bit taboo and to be honest it
shouldn't be because there was so many
Indians in the world and clearly we're
coming from somewhere over mmm but
because of that growing up I never got
the talk as a kid everything I knew
about sex came from school and rap music
video so I was like okay boys have
cooties also girls eat a lot of
lollipops okay
my ear just Papa cut damn and to be
honest even right now you asked me for
like an accurate description of what
happens during sex or like childbirth or
like boobie milk I wouldn't be able to
tell you true sorry when I was in grade
school I overheard some kids and they
said the words jerking off and I was
like what the ass
for the next whole year I legitimately
thought that boys could jerk off their
penis meaning they could like take it
off detach it from their body with a
jerk like motion I swear I'm not making
this up I actually thought oh my god I
was a moron
cuz that's not true right what well I
mean I saw them had to talk hold on let
me check Google I was right that's not
how that works I legitimately thought
this was a thing I thought men were
walking around with their penises in
there like briefcases and I had so many
questions I'm like what if it pees in
there also like how do you keep it alive
if it's not you don't water it I was
just so confused
also what if they forgot it somewhere
where they're just like oh we just jerk
off my penis leave it over here and then
they forgot it was there like I'll find
my penis functionality huh yeah but you
know I found comfort in the fact that I
wasn't the only idiot in my class yeah
my fellow Brown friend she was equally
as confused as me she thought that
masturbate was a synonym for master plan
yeah listening to her organize anything
was number three respecting my elders
now I'm all about respecting elders in
the sense that if I was on a bus and an
elderly woman came onto the bus I would
get up and give her my seat however I
don't believe that we should respect
everything someone says just because
they're older because that's the real
being older doesn't make you a good
person or a smart person growing up
though I had no choice because I was
taught that age defined how much respect
you should receive so if you were older
you got more respect and after age it
was sex so if you were like 50 years old
and a man whose penis was not in his
briefcase you're golden so how do you
oddly I'm good
what grade you are now I finished school
six years ago hey a grade six yeah good
okay you know pee pee lily white don't
be rude okay
you know pity my grandson he always on
computer using the Facebook cool you
know first I was a little bit mad but
then I thought look how many people
using the Facebook because of him I
don't get it
he made the Facebook he made the
Facebook he made the Facebook your
grandson yes he wrote to the book no he
didn't
yes yes he did and he also made the
snapshot snapchat and no and no yes
siree sorry jack shot and the Facebook
no no he invented neither of those leave
show some respect okay what but what you
saying is wrong whatever
unti say is correct okay congrats thank
you you know everybody in his home
school class saying he genius Wow
Wow these damn W come here
okay sweetheart tell everybody how you
make the Facebook I put an email address
and a password amazing got it amazing
yeah you should try like this sometime
I'll try go to Java son you can do
making us all very proud Fiji yeah nice
to meet you mark zuckerberg
who
Hey I hope you enjoyed this video if you
did give it a thumbs up and I actually
mean that like actually give it a thumbs
up if you liked it because I want to
know if this is a good video
or bad video or should make more videos
like this or just delete my channel I
want to know give a thumbs up also you
want to check out my vlogs they're right
over there that is my second channel and
I do it on a daily basis so check that
out my last video is right over those go
ahead and click you're a guy's hot other
than that if you want to preorder my
book the one that was featured in this
video for a little quick suck in that
promo you can do so by clicking the link
in the description there's also an eye
and the corner of your screen to click
that it'll take you to my pre-order page
just go check it out go check it out and
I don't like it close it
that simple other than that you can
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday I'd love for
you to be here well I'll be a great day
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop no you know but Betty happened let
me tell you okay you just moved to LA
you become too modern okay expiry date
huh get out of here go drink your latte
yeah
