Oh what me on I just woke up like this
yeah I mean and then paid someone to do
my hair and makeup and dress me and
pluck my eyebrows whatever everyone it's
a girl superwoman
so initially right I had this dope video
idea with a skit with all these
characters no so fun even wrote it a few
days ago you know supposed to record it
two days ago like a responsible adult
and then the fever came along and hit me
upside my head and I got sick in fact
I'm sick right now as well don't let
this fool you know I just had to go to
an event but I'm dying inside in fact I
feel like so much crap I wasn't even
gonna make a video today yeah but then
I'm like now I look to fly to waste this
opportunity when the f imma be able to
do a smokey eye like this never so
instead I decided to make a super easy
video I think this videos so easy
because in my opinion is just common
sense now I would like to believe I'm a
pretty humble person okay obviously I
mean humble people clearly talk about a
humble there and no but for real I feel
like I don't brag much about myself but
I do brag about the people in my life
that are awesome sauce in other words I
will brag your mother F an ear off about
how my viewers it k my fans okay team
super are the best fans in the entire
universe and if you disagree with me I
might have to a laugh at you okay be
book your doctor's appointment and see
pay for your tuition so you can learn
something because just like how people
brag about their kids or their friends
or their siblings i brag about team
super all the time if you're sitting
there all confused because you're living
under a rock a I'm jealous of you say
what up to Dwayne and B let me educate
you real quick I have a group of awesome
fans and I sincerely hope you don't mind
me calling you fans call team super and
they're quite simply the best people on
the planet okay if you disagree with me
I'm have to go to the store right now
buy a white glove and challenge you to a
duel this is not my opinion this is this
is a fact my viewers are the best for
the following but not limited to four
reasons and I don't care what you doing
you gonna sit there and you gonna listen
to these reasons okay because these my
babies and also I'm sick and I keep
sniffing my boogers because I don't want
to wipe them and ruin my makeup so
boogers are on my brain for this video
number one team super is my mother today
super Monday right I tweet like hey it's
super Monday what do you want to see
quick mere video suggestions and all the
tweets are we want to see you sleeping
for 10 hours sleep rest take some
medicine don't have to make a video if
you're tired team super stays wanting me
to sleep okay syrup if I was sleeping
beauty and sleeping and they saw Prince
Charming walking towards me to be like
oh yo he's hella fine hey you got a 14th
back
she got chiseled rotten sexy AF let's
tie him up and throw him into a river
mother F I don't even think about
kissing Lily and waking her up because
she is sleeping and she needs to sleep
okay now I'm give an F if she's sexually
frustrated and gonna be single don't you
worry about a get the F out of here I'll
buy her nine cats when the time is right
they care about my health and sleep so
much and to be honest sometimes my
Creator friends will message me being
like yo my fans get pissed if I miss a
video or don't create like regular
content I'm just like yo we are not
cousins cuz I did not relate my fans are
the best number two team super is made
up of a group of detectives
y'all know things about me that I don't
know about me I can't tell you how often
I will look through my tag pictures and
I will see pictures of myself that I
have not even seen you will show me a
picture of me and I'm like I don't know
where I was I don't know when this was
taken
I don't know how I got here it's a
mystery it's the Ramudu triangle of tag
pictures straight up and they're quick
okay team super be tagging me in
pictures from an event that I haven't
attended yet straight-up effing time
traveling for these temperatures if I
post a picture right now of my friend
and I within 15 seconds there's gonna be
ten different edits of this picture
posted that I'm tagged in as well as a
video montage of our friendship and I'm
just sitting here in awe what kind of
factory y'all got running behind these
fan accounts also can I hire you all
like straight-up team super is so on
point that if I'm ever in a relationship
with that ever have any what that ever
happens and anyone is like you always
cool like we like you who you are in
stuff and like it's cool is just like a
madness or sometimes if I'm ever in a
relationship right and this person
cheats on me y'all gonna know before I
do in fact you're probably gonna be the
one to tell me this and I'm like dude
what the f you talking about show me the
receipts and y'all just go
like don mommo clad these with the
chapters in my book you know that I put
them back in order Chuck P order Lilly
Singh book comm team super knows all
want to take a flight and they asking
for my emergency contact I don't know
why I put my parents I put my parents
every time straight up one day a
doctor's gonna call my parents like hey
we need you to identify your daughter
you please tell us your eye color my
parents are gonna be like ah magenta I
should just put team super as this
contact because the team super ever got
this call they'd be like yeah I call it
height weight blood type last video last
seventy meals what you need let me know
curious I don't excel sheet yeah for PC
and Mac on the number three team super
is a team now any time I have an event a
project or I'm nominated for an award
team super is the best marketing team on
the planet strap I don't know why I'll
be paying other people to do my PR and
marketing because team super is the most
loyal and effective billboard to ever
exist can I just be real writing okay
the way my audience comes together and
works together as a group is phenomenal
and I mean this in the most loving way
you know the movie ends okay close ask
that's team super they get together and
they build bridges and issues with their
body they just move and function as a
unit with their group projects and all
these teams and group telestrator but
they were on the Titanic no one would
die okay both of those mother efforts
were survive floating on that door cuz
team super would have been there like
Tetris Bergen that all you go there
you're like here let's balance it out
here okay no deaths and some Jack and
Rose with our week AF Squad shipping was
expensive for my girl of rafiki's so
what do they do
hey let's buy them together by 20 and
then meet up and divide them amongst
ourselves what that's my bet that's
project management that's more organized
than some countries people out here
trying to have kids to make them proud
I'm like nah y'all should be trying to
have a team super number four team super
treats the people I love with so much
kindness when is one of my friends
birthdays team super wishes them and you
didn't gives them gifts sometimes yeah
my I'm sitting here my
texting me like y'all wanna come to my
birthday party I'm just like your new
phone who this is your best friend who
your best friend yo hey I'll be there
I'll be there yo I'll be late okay I'm
not getting a gift either you don't also
have to pay for my parking and teen
super we'll be out there drawing
pictures of them when I was in Spain a
few days ago almost every fan that
approached me wished my mom happy
birthday because they knew it was her
birthday I don't even know if it's my
birthday unless I go on my Twitter
profile into the balloon floating you're
small you Doyle expect that and for
these reasons and many many many more
my fans are the best fans and if you're
watching this and for some reason
offended don't be okay
the subscribe button is right there this
is in your hands now this video was easy
to make this video was so easy to make
oh my I should have made this video a
long time ago I should've made this
video so long ago when people thought
Donald Trump being president was still a
joke back in those naive innocent days I
hope you enjoyed that video if you did
please give it a thumbs up I know a
little bit different not too funny but
I'm chic and I don't feel good so I'm
sorry
another thing I want you to do is my top
claps of Christmas are coming up I want
your comment below letting you know who
do you want to see me collaborate with
because I'm very excited about it every
December I do my club collaborations at
Christmas so comment below let me know
you can check out my last video right
over there it is a collab with victoria
justice so make sure to check that out
my second blog channel is right over
there if you want to check on my Spain
adventures and daily other adventures
such as today just now I just mingled
with my BAE the rock you want to check
it out I'll be there tomorrow
hey just saying other than that what
else might I tell you I limited my list
oh you're out of my book and stuff you
wanna know the links up there in the eye
and in the description whatever no big
deal whatever you want to do it I mean
and make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and I really love for you to be
here because you know what love yours
are the best one love superwoman that is
a wrap and Zoop
oh no Blazers too tight to go that high
just none that right now that ripped
something snapped
