oh my god
five c7 hey if you wanna be my lover you
gotta get with McKeon then I got bad
blood hey hey hey Lane I go time
ten seconds damn it again let's take a
look at what you've done
hey cuz now we got bad Hey too much
Lilly too much Ludwig yes Louise yeah
yes
rice no I got it no juice cleanse no
carb diet what x / - work work work work
work he so many of you work work work
work No - no really - love mom
hey is this your first time - oh yeah me
oh my god
she's wearing floral pants I should have
worn floral pants hey sorry do you looks
like a written portion to this I'm so
bad at scantron so you know I just I
never feel bubble all the way so I never
know tell me more whoa okay how are
those her eyeballs come through Disney
Princess realness huh
I wish I could be part of her world Lily
see present I mean me I'm Emily hi Lily
Victoria come on II miss you I should
come over there I'm going over there
thanks for stopping by today
without are you kidding me thank you for
seeing me oh I see you were runner-up in
the fighting the right photo angle for
your friends competition last year nice
well and you were also voted most likely
to have an extra hair tie during your
senior year of university I'm also
proficient in fleet and have a working
knowledge of yeah yeah yeah oh but also
since you have a perfect record of
tagging your friends on Instagram yeah
only if they were people that was a test
you pass a shot also I didn't have to
wonder what I could spend the summer
abroad volunteering for girls in need of
a shoulder to cry on
so do you mind telling me more about why
you think you're qualified to be a
member of the squad uh yeah of course I
throw a mean pajama party I've never
dated when my girls ex-boyfriends I mean
except there was this one time said she
totally said it so it was totally fine
you know I mean I can practically drag
my eyebrows in my sleep except I forgot
last night's of those women I'm really
good at texting for you while you're
driving so you're not like texting and
driving but nowhere I can text in a way
where it seems like you're texting so
the person you're texting doesn't know
it's not you you know didn't mean
totally I'm not even here right now this
is my standard nice work okay do you
happen to have your latest squall and
Shawna what I do
oh the classic back to back nicely
favorite advice the sorority girls
always good yeah
Crouching Tiger Hidden smize love this
excellent
Charlie's Angels really solid still here
lovely thank you so much miss Texas
please call me Victoria okay Victoria
tell me what squaws do you most admire
and white oh yeah oh definitely Queen B
as we sign me up for that all natural
heroism this any day my girl I will pay
travel deep all over my face and get my
formation right on you know I'm saying
up definite army
and we won whoa look out of work work
work work what what I would and regroup
like how you kind of Gigi like let me be
the melanin and that is friends that
would you Marie
Oh take a moment to appreciate the only
tree that is Tina Fey Amy Poehler by
Rudolph
half-ted long slog listen nej found what
a squad listen Lily I think you're great
in fact I think you're probably a little
bit overqualified for the position but
it's like they say you don't use the
squad the squad chooses you and I happen
to know yeah call the board
tell me found someone to build a
professional and emitter seat at the
table
no it's me living thing I'm gonna be
honest I hope you enjoyed that video
thank you so much for joining me on my
time thank you for having some awesome
of course if you like this video give it
a big thumbs up comment below letting us
know who else do you want to see us do a
girl up episode with you can check out
last episode right over there
all the victorious links gonna be in the
description she just had on scroll down
just don't care what I've done do wanna
know if you want to spread worker love
use the hashtag girl up you can follow
us on our social is that spread girl up
and you'll make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and sometimes on
spontaneous days when I have wonderful
guests like this haha just like do you
want amazing I love thanks you guys I do
my outro with me yeah it's kind of
complicated but we're gonna try it okay
so it goes one love one love superwoman
soo yeah oh yeah is a wrap that is a
wrap and Zoop and oh my god it was haha
sitting gold this is a bird
