trust me next year Amish are my
Halloween costume in August not dude I
just don't have time for a Halloween
costume this year I just don't care
about Halloween at all this year I'm too
old for this stuff suddenly this is so
important to me this is the most crucial
costume of my life the degree to which I
care about this is unfathomable we need
to think of Halloween costumes
immediately I thought you didn't care
about Halloween yeah but then I saw an
Instagram okay and it's like a montage
of Harley Quinn okay and I'm getting hit
by all the foam oh okay
so being only Quinn no no I can't don't
you understand because if I stand next
to literally any other two girls in a
costume we're gonna look like triplets
yeah when I'm gonna look like Harley
Quinn we're gonna look like opposed
children from The Simpsons just like
Harley Nahasapeemapetilon
Nahasapeemapetilon a subpoena but
honestly I'm not that type of Indian
grad enough okay so what are you
thinking oh I don't know I mean I dress
up like a man so often already I feel
like my entire career is Halloween huh
listen I don't know what you're talking
about I'm real boy okay wait you're
Pinocchio you see that's a good costume
my what oh thank you oh I thought it was
real I had no idea you even did that as
a job
oh okay what if we go was like a duo
costume me like a couple what you know
God don't gross not a couple
obviously couples our roles ill don't be
ridiculous I mean just like two people
wearing costumes that complement each
other huh to Google to Pinterest Google
Google Google obviously I'm a man
obviously let me just log out here Oh
what about a plug and a sucker huh are
you dumb
that's so sexual I told you we're not
going as a couple right right right
in fact let me make this very clear for
you okay this socket is when are you're
not available for any plugs okay this
socket is like that socket in your house
when you're babysitting kids okay you
know what that child protection lock on
it's like jammed right in there that's
what no plugging no electricity okay no
sparks will fly hot you could literally
try plugging it over and over and over
again but it's not gonna work okay you
know what's gonna happen is your plug
you're just gonna break and be crooked
not everyone's broken crooked Pleasant
trying to plug in is just like ah and it
can't really fit into any socket okay
and just every time everybody is never
gonna work just like this oh wait uh-huh
in fact well you know we should dress up
as woohoo you should be an auxilary
cable and I should be the iPhone 7 no
plugging okay okay got it
yeah you're in the friend zone noted at
the back of the zone okay like nosebleed
section friendzone understood okay wait
oh my god should I dress up as a savage
oh this one's good
what about ketchup and mustard no that's
so obstructive I want to be able to
dance at a party you know what I mean
and plus condiments aren't hot I want to
be a little hot okay then what about
spicy ketchup or hot salves that's
racist okay wait let me get this
straight you want like a sexy costume
yeah I just don't want to pull like a
Lindsay Lohan from Mean Girls you know
what I mean I don't want to have every
other girl at the party looking hot and
then I walk in as Dumbledore
okay then be a pussycat you know do you
know how many people are gonna be
dressed up as Donald Trump
that's dangerous yes true oh oh but you
all we should do we should dress up as
the kids from stranger things yeah
you're nosebleed section friendzone will
help at eleven nah man look I got a
beard okay that costume is not gonna
work for me are you serious right now
just take a makeup wipe and wipe it off
what this isn't I don't know what you're
talking about okay this is realistic
quality content right here you do
realize I'm your actual friend and I
have an actual beard why don't you just
ask me to be in the video
can you be my video no I'm busy you know
what we're in the best we're so stupid
for waiting so last minute you know
those tuxedos they were in Dumb and
Dumber yeah the orange and the blue one
that would have been the best damn
costume we're so stupid dude
I actually still have those costumes
from last year
shut up really oh my god that is so lame
never mind that sucks okay okay what
about pirates huh no I'm done that
what about nerds see I'm so cool no
one's gonna actually believe that what
about gangsters why would I need a
costume for that okay maybe we should
just find out what everybody else is
going as well Alex and Lauren are going
as toad and toadette oh that's so
adorable
damn den I know ooh maybe we should just
print out shirts that say the word
commitment on them I mean what's a
scarier costume than that yeah ha ha ha
ha what about called Robbo and Khaleesi
I don't want to spend money ooh what
about eating Scratchy huh Mike big thing
hey right no I don't want to wear masks
yeah it makes me itchy that won't work
why don't you deserve is a unicorn
I'm already that actually yeah I know
that's perfect you already have so many
unicorn onesies
no no that is not creative I literally
wear those all the time Lily we don't
have anymore time to decide okay just be
a unicorn god dammit you took so long
and went down the continuity is ruined I
got there nothing you say will make me
wear unicorn onesie I'm done
so should I order the plug and socket
then I mean he says same-day shipping
hmm let's go to this party huh you
should have been Bolton I could have
been Theon cuz that's what you make me
feel like wait it's 12:01 it's past
midnight it's November 1st it's not
Halloween anymore you know what that
means
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way whatever II wanted to girls so for
me I hope you enjoyed that video if you
did please give it a thumbs up I'm sorry
I'm not behind my Great Wall my house
actually went through renovation right
now I'm just totally kidding I'm jus
lazy to take the tripod upstairs so I
just died doing here
IV like this video comment below let me
know what are you being for Halloween I
want to know because this everything
that happened is absolutely a true story
kind of maybe so comment below let me
know what are you for Halloween you can
check out my last video right over there
as my parents give you Halloween costume
ideas my second blog channel is right
over there check that out if you've
never watch on my blog so check that out
you might like you might hate it but
you'll never know and you don't drive my
friend okay I'll then that mitrice play
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday one love superwoman that is
a wrap and Zoop
happy Harley Quinn I mean Halloween whoa
damn I'll be looking hella sexy why
can't I exist in real life
