hello hello hello
stop Lily screams abruptly what do you
sing Chandigarh sector 17 good fixing my
hair it's that time of year again oh
that very special day where we celebrate
with sweets and dress up ah that's right
it's almost Diwali happy Diwali P Diwali
I told you to make a Halloween video huh
hello e hello vir
who the bloody hell is being invited
Betty hell I have to say hello to them
okay Halloween I remember hello V okay
okay hello the hell of your phone I mean
I know this one dress subscale good
feeting pumpkin car get scared okay I
remember dumping a little kitty the best
thing of the boogieman sort of goes oh
okay fine be able to tell you last
minute Halloween costume ideas you know
bar because lazy and you don't know how
to manage time okay you want the stupid
people waiting in line
October 30th along with dumb it okay
fine Halloween I do Halloween these are
very scary Halloween costume idea okay
is very scary people
someone who have dirty room that if you
need tutorial lastly someone was
marrying outside the religion oh well
this one very scary and very painful
okay you dress up as the walking dead
season 7 premiere he was white brother
he was like that ok and then you do like
this you make a hypo
I don't want to make video a girl
wearing miniskirt someone who is any
profession beside doctor or lawyer or
like a teacher or dancer who Millie
Cyrus from wrecking ball music video
that's right so bloody scary and also
this one if you maybe on a budget don't
have too much money that's ok because
you don't need nothing and were so cheap
you can take your clothes you can sell
your clothes and I don't need this one I
don't need this one for Millie serious
somebody who don't know how to make a
deal 10 year old kid who have cell phone
scary and confusing the USA election the
random man on Facebook who keep poking
me the girl on Facebook who will not
friend you Barlett not be a son who
don't listen to his parents and even be
smoking oh just kidding it's still me
I've got you I got you so good man
that's right somebody who's crowd
somebody who have everybody's it up okay
okay
sex sex sex before marriage
Oh or you could just dress up as crazy
parents boy get out of our video okay
there's not your video dumb had someone
who won't give you grand cater who
somebody who rapping music and the last
30 people we hope this was very helpful
to be very safe on Halloween okay please
don't shame shame okay good thank you
for watching alright good bye
Queen you can hello in goodbye video I
am so funny okay that's all for now
but indeed out okay bye look how spicy
I'm looking up okay see you next time
okay bye what if I watch it girls to
boom and I hope you enjoyed this video
if you did give expounds up and come on
let me know what other videos would you
like for me to see because i love your
ideas at the end of the day like where
this beautiful family will make videos
and we spread creativity and share
energy so share your energies in the
comments section below if you want to
come my last video it is right over
there I'm supposed to remember what it
was but it was on all right types of
people will see on Halloween my second
vlog channel is right over there if
you've never watched one of my vlogs
give it a chance which you would weirdo
you might enjoy it
other than that yo you know the scariest
costume ever would be someone who didn't
you out of my book what up self promo
had to be about three other links in the
description you put the I right there as
well
loosing book calm oh really really
hard on it and this is it WN preorder it
I see a lot of really smart things I
think and I'm really great
no wonder that's catchy anyways if you
want to subscribe I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday
I love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
hmm I give up one candy this one can be
that adding or deleting nothing
conducting
