Kisame focus on me but but focus on me
that face you make when this is the
second time you're shooting this video
because your camera hates you and is
probably racist whatever it's a girl
superwoman and it's almost Halloween
which means I'm about to watch hocus
pocus like 90 times and I'm hella
excited it also means that I'm gonna
convince myself once again that this
year I'm gonna call my pumpkin
differently and be creative
I tell myself this every year like no
this is gonna be the year my public is
gonna be dope and every year my pumpkin
looks exactly the same I got the same
smile they might as a global thing with
the eyebrows it just never happens every
year my plump can be looking like that
default profile picture you get on
facebook when you sign up straight up my
pumpkin is a girl wearing of drinking
Starbucks okay my pumpkin is basic but
enough about me let's talk about the
types of people we'll all be on
Halloween also like why do I keep
bending when I just adjust the tripod
for a higher Amish let me make a video
whitesell dumb number one click costume
okay
click click close almost Halloween right
you have these sick costume ideas
straight up your costumes gonna be fire
because you're dressing up like Katniss
I'm catching fire your costumes gonna be
left because you're dressing up like a
light bulb your costume is gonna be
turned because your costume is a
doorknob so you're sitting there
preparing your speech for best costume
and your friends want her float you like
hey you know what would be cute okay if
we don't say it don't say it oh I don't
did and now you gotta do this stupid
boot costume because if you don't you're
gonna be that one douchebag that didn't
want to be part of the group here's the
thing though right anytime you do group
costumes the characters in the group are
never equal
that's a Power Rangers for example
there's two girls in the group who that
ass is trying to be yellow ranger I
ain't trying to be yellow ranger you
already know I'm a big Ranger and no one
is stopping me I will be pink ranger and
Lily you can be yellow
ah no that's not gonna work for me I
need you think but I called it first and
I called it second yeah exactly
I feel to see your point what do you
mean is this a race why can't you just
be yellow
why can't I just be yellow okay honestly
Jessica because my skin
Brown Jessica okay and you asking a
brown woman to be a yellow ranger that
brown and yellow and my a Power Ranger
our Amaya public washroom Jessica what
what if he gets cold and I need a
sweater
so so people are gonna think I'm bananas
in pajamas and I can't have that
Jessica what are you talking about what
if I drop something and bend down to
pick it up okay because for those three
seconds I'm gonna be a minion I think
you're overreacting and I can't even
speak in minion watch baby that's not
River mommy I really don't get come on
look see that Matt nothing mmm okay you
going stop wait when did you get that
shirt oh you need this one yes that one
I'm the Pink Ranger oh really
then why am I wearing this shirt Oh
number two monster mom it's every
mother's dream for her baby to do two
things number one graduate from college
number to dress up in a cute costume our
new parents and public pears I have a
baby that's like one years old
spending a hundred dollars on a
Halloween costume and I'm just like are
you dumb
all right you don't like it are you dumb
you end up going on you acting like your
baby should consolidate memories in his
rough dressing their kid Ava's a pumpkin
a pirate a big yes can you please put my
voice on the back of a milk carton
please because it is missing and the
thing is this baby will be screaming the
whole time because the costume is hot
and uncomfortable but does that stop the
parents never why because they want that
cute picture yeah yeah to keep with you
boo
smile for mommy come on smart be a few
pack come on well ma come up do it for
the grandbaby do it for the granny with
the cover it why don't you just let me
take it alone Xu this is a family affair
shut your dirty mouth come on big Union
are you dong what's even worse is when
they bring this child trick-or-treating
they're holding the baby today
trick-or-treat I'm like let me get this
straight one time I gave your baby a
strawberry that wasn't organic and you
almost shot me and now you want me to
give it a kick ass are you dong or one
parents from their toddlers up x3 you
know I'll keep packing like walking top
but the kid is like not good in social
situations yet so then I'm gonna answer
don't be like hello there and the kid is
gonna be like and then the noid parents
gonna be like come on Timmy you know
what to say
come on Shrek co3 say Trick or Treat
Timmy come on here here's the thing
right and I hate to be the bearer of bad
news but if your child cannot utter the
words trick-or-treat the new child shall
receive none of the tricks or the truth
and that's not me being a jerk that's me
preparing your child to the real world
also why are you doing this
doesn't want to be in a costume they
want to go trick-or-treating why are you
forcing that my do is make no sense to
me your baby wakes up every three hours
and pulls your hair why do you need to
buy a costume aren't they the devil
anyways I'm totally just kidding y'all
kidding if your mommy like refined it
don't be I'm just kidding I think your
devil child is amazing
please don't unsubscribe I really value
my mommy demographics also can you
pre-order my book fair Shelton now imma
do the festive phonetic not hello you
mean to me just hold on can you wait
have you not been seeing my cute sweater
this whole time what the best infinite
oh me no I stand like this all the time
this is how I stand the best it's been
added you what Halloween means to me
it means I'm gonna watch more Halloween
movies I may eat candy then we'll wait
for candy go on sale so I can buy more
candy but for some people the season and
Halloween results in a change in
lifestyle you ever meet those people who
redecorate their whole house and out
their ringtone is like a scary whoo
I walk into these people's houses and
there's pumpkins everywhere this pumpkin
scented candles there's spices there's
leaves on the wall just like do you have
a job like straight up it looks like
autumn got too drunk and then threw up
all over your living room and I
understand trying to get into the spirit
but some people take it too far
Chidori some of my friends spend
hundreds of dollars and hours on their
Halloween costume strip I will call him
on the 5th like what are you doing and
I'm like I'm working on my halloween
costume I'll be like rah it's June
people be out here struggling to pay
rent okay but then they got the dopest
Halloween costumes on the side bro where
are your priorities okay you must be
scary this costume then let that big
credit card will you receive my rent
yeah idiot box also why are you spending
so much money on costumes don't you know
snapchat filters are free and let's be
real you're only doing this for the pics
anyways puppy filter one time free of
charge hmm number four trick or choose
are my fingers weird oh my God look how
weird my fingers oh my god I am doubly
doing there so sometimes when I'm giving
out candy I get these kids who are brave
now let me set the record straight right
off the bat okay when it comes to
Halloween candy I am NOT a cheap person
when it comes to everything else in life
on the hella cheap when it comes to
candy
you know Reese's Pieces butter cups okay
the perfect blend of chocolate is peanut
butter that is your basically gourmet
and I dropped two or three candies in
your bag each okay I'm basically giving
all donations I'm a charity right now
all right I'm a philanthropist I'm out
here
making it rain M&Ms there's so much mm
is basically a mile so this young you
approached me and is like don't trick or
treat or make your Amadou refuse some
pop pop pop and then kid was look at me
like mmm can I get the skittles and I'm
like excuse me what like oh snap I
didn't realize I was dressed as a
vending machine for how you know
you must have slipped a dollar into my
butt crack while I wasn't looking for
you to be able to choose which candy
mommy to dispense hmm
that was a really good vending machine
oh my god my genius like let me get this
straight my friend okay you show up to
my house wearing a hat and a plastic
mask and suddenly you uh standards kids
be making demands 'ok i want it i
marzack them with all i get it i know
what you are for Halloween you're
entitled or you're a girl you're sexy
entitled then what do you think this is
I'm not made of siedel okay the subject
put well hop it down yeah I don't worry
my McPhee later Oh a purple one no I
hope you enjoyed this video if you did
please leave a thumbs up till I have to
shoot it twice in this videos the bane
of my existence but if it made you laugh
then it makes it all worthwhile comment
below letting me know what do you want
to see next to me if you want to check
my last videos right over there
it is a collab with Sabrina carpenter
called how to be a dope person my second
blog channel is right over there
hey what if we order my book called how
to be a boss the link is in the
description English the eye right there
well I'm salivating from the skills
other than that make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and I would love for you to
be here
one love superwoman that is it all right
that is a wrap and Zoop Oh a purple one
one of teacher reference why don't teach
your reference what upset mo reference
OTO references Hey
