haha just kidding it's me it's me did i
trick you they trick you it's me it's me
it's me whatever I wanted to go Superman
and welcome to ask super woman laughs
what'd you say we keep for an hour and
we go have a good time smelling the
invisible air as I do the manly walk all
right I had to do that long enough for
the stream to start on this window so I
can mute it here that's that's what
anyways welcome to ask super black if
you're here doing what the Bob Morales
is happening on the 14th of every single
month I do ask super live which means
for one hour I chew and chill like this
that very much so hurt I chew like that
I answer questions I give you some
shoutouts
I just check i chat with you we have a
good time I tell you what's going on my
life I got notes I got things I got pens
because I got all this stuff I got I got
all this stuff it's me great the next
hour this is when I wants what I want
right there's like first first of all
first of all I'm just so I'm always so
excited the beginning I don't know how
to communicate we got a tweet and
Instagram and Facebook and let everybody
know that Superman life is happening so
let me do that hold up hold up hold up
wait a minute let me put some promo in
it um let me go into my community tab on
YouTube hey guys I got him down
hey guys have it down here we go we're
gonna go home girl I'm live right right
now join in here boom alright community
I'll be gone it's going to Twitter be
like ask superwoman live is happening
right now
boom alright
boom God join everybody join join
alright and we're done and we're good
and now I'm gonna shut up and talk to
you there's 6,000 of you here let's make
this part of your biggest bad
best party ever I so many exciting
things to tell you I can't wait to
answer your amazing question let you
know let's take a moment let's take one
look at me I want you look at me come
eyes could my eyes look my eyes I just
want to say that I don't know what time
of day it is where you are might be
night life isn't middle of the night
maybe the morning might be the afternoon
I don't know you might be on the toilet
you might be in bed might be eating
dinner I'm going dude you might be in
class in which case sneaky snitch
Medicare partisan I just want to say
I've had a very rough morning one of
those morning's where I walk into my car
and everything's falling out of my hand
and them in meetings and I'm just
waiting everything delayed is happening
but then although the day I thought you
know what it's okay you know why because
for this our ask Superman live I'm gonna
turn all that off I'm putting my phone
putting the upside down menu looking at
it everything is off cuz right now shows
you and I and we're gonna spend some
quality time together and so I want to
tell you no matter what is happening
your day or in your life turn it off and
be present in this moment because we are
together team super family always spend
some quality time together okay take a
deep breath in let's hug it up and let's
have a good time you can tweet me your
questions using the hashtag ask Superman
live on Twitter um go ahead and do that
if you want to tell me what today asking
you a question
tell me something about you tell me
favorite food what's your cat's name is
whatever you want to tell me you can
tell me I will refer to those there's
ninety eight hundred of you here right
now and we're gonna have a blessed time
they're going to update you to leave you
some shoutouts
that's what's crack-a-lackin' um I know
your little bit the Heinz I'm gonna let
those questions filter through on
Twitter in the meantime let me talk
about some exciting stuff first and
foremost I've been getting a bazillion
tweets about something and that is that
first of all for my birthday we sold
15,000 essentially rafiki's the first of
all I made was 1500 y'all added another
zero to it that's how dope you are these
are free keys right here for my birthday
I sold them thank you so much for
supporting and for everyone still asking
you can get Dorothy key still just my
birthday
pain is done but you can still get the
Rafiki it'll come in a dope package like
this with a note from me just like that
and you can have a we org slash girl up
so yes you can still get them but the
breath the campaign is done so the
shipping might have increased and all
that stuff again but thank you so much
for Ellis important that all 10,000 of
you here that's just crack like it let's
jump onto Twitter hey hey hey hey hey
hey um Carrie add asks can you dab also
do you have any pets I don't have any
pets because I don't I'm not in a
relationship so alright next I'm gonna
weird mood I'm not gonna lie I'm in a
weird mood let me put my Twitter tab
next to side there what that makes sense
okay next question is you Ashley says
when Superman livestreams I'm at work I
miss all the fun I'm sorry Ashley
I'm in the time zone that only allows me
to do the live screens now and I
apologize I don't know what I'm talking
about because you're not watching this
so my bad Ashley my bad
your eyebrows Dan system and you use the
hashtags to me but I'm still gonna say
it out loud just because it's a
complement of a spoken but myself to
like them I kind of told them in really
quickly today I don't really have
eyebrows unless I fill them in so
anytime someone says eyebrows on fleek
what they really mean is coloring on
fleek is what I have a feeling my bras
gonna show okay bonus points if you can
tell me what color bra I'm wearing I
know this is a particular question but
if you know me well know what color bra
I'm wearing because I've been wearing it
the last couple of videos and days I was
gonna be just holding my ruler Anna um
all 11,000 of you tell me what color my
bras tweet me the color of my bra right
now I will be very impressed if you know
okay okay you're acting kind of drunk I
love that says rhythm I'm not drunk keen
on it before I start vlogging and before
I show the livestream I was longing I
was like I'm so tired and I'm gonna turn
on to the next hour and doctor I'm doing
so this is not drum
this is very tired Lily and it's like
when we're doing tasks noblewoman leg
so yes I'm work are you planning to get
more piercings um I don't know I have
one two three four five six seven eight
a bellybutton is nine right three four
five six seven eight nine yeah I don't
think so oh wait ten I don't think so I
think I'm good I think I'm good
should I get another piercing let me
know ah ba ba ba BOM I don't have
someone yet Monique kara yay I stopped I
said that right this whole pink is
correct pink bra is correct
I've been wearing it it's one of my
comfort Rose I have in white and black
but those are in the wash and so I'm
stuck on the pink right now twelve
thousand you are here right now let's
get it cracking like let me tell you
some stories yo if you live in Toronto
and you're like I want to chill with
superwoman
we danger on Oh October 19th at the Air
Canada Centre not only am i making a
speech but I'm informing IV i v-i which
I'm very excited about the unicorns will
be there
Humber will be there we'd enter on
October 19th Air Canada Centre that's
what's crack-a-lackin' so if your school
is going I know my high school Pearson
is going on checked on that I can't wait
to see you there it's gonna be dope am
zendaya is hosting and we need Harlow's
gonna be there a girl Bridget's gonna be
there my boy Michelle is gonna be there
it's gonna be dope and I'm so excited
about it um also okay can we just have
all summer okay I won't take too much of
your time I don't wanna take this much
of your time I won't take this much of
your time I'll take this much of your
time I've been working real hard on my
book if you would like to pre-order in
the link is in the description it is
what is it again up right Lilly Singh
book calm okay it comes out Marshall
Peters pre-orders are available right
now I'm coming up with a lot of great
ideas and also funny if you if you
wonder know what a day in the life of
being on my team is like let me tell you
right now
these are the time with emails Roget
okay you might get our evil in the
morning that has says good morning let's
dominate the world in offices in that
I wake every morning and I'll have like
some motivational meme or something and
then I'll get you'll get you know that
like hey I had this idea um I would like
to do a skit um I would really like for
Beyonce to do this part of the skit and
then we get the rock to say this and
then you know Selena Gomez like that's
the type of emails I said and my team is
just like or I'll sense in that case
this the favorite I'm gonna buy my book
tour right I might need a real unicorn
who could make out bonus points whoever
can make that happen and this is how I
actually talked of like 100 gold coins
to the person that can arrange Demi
Lovato to do this for me and then if
someone replies and says sure
Lilly L ily I will literally send a game
of Thrones me to be like off with your
head this is me if you want to know what
it's like to be on my team that is
literally it the Evo's who get will just
make you be like is she serious like if
she sees and I'm always serious
that's all I have to say about my book
and about the 12 collabs is I have no
ceiling especially this past year I've
reached this next level of feeling
myself from like obstacles what are
those
ceiling I got none okay I'm just like yo
I'm reached from the mother effin stars
and everything I do anyways I'm a shut
up now and stop barking away but that's
what I had to say about that I'm what a
career out of my book listing book calm
was where you can get it I worked really
really hard on it and I'm really happy
with how it's turning out really really
happy yes she will be also able to buy
an audiobook version of it yes I'm going
on book tour all the information will be
coming to you um so yeah Ashford's going
on network around here we go
twitter twitter twitter twitter twitter
twitter but ah I want you to ask you
some questions I've never answered
before I'm in the mood to answer weird
questions I don't want no how did you
start why are you called superwoman all
that stuff has to be some really
creative questions can we really make
this a creative session I'm in the mood
Robin be honest about a lot of things so
I
just feel like you should just take
advantage of it you know and ask me
things that I might not otherwise answer
what questions do we have
Kavita asked was your favorite chapter
from how to be a boss um I do have
favorite chapters called play Nintendo
that's all I want to say about with a
chapter called play Nintendo I'm very
very excited about and I think the
analogies in the word playing that
chapter is very very cool so when you
get the book to Nintendo's on my fav
chapters ah was a good question Lavie
sha my homegirl still having to tell her
by the way um asks did your name boss
book after the boss lipstick or boss
lipstick after boss book well that
question though so when I was coming up
with a ton of my book I wanted to be
called how to be a boss and around the
same time I was also working with
Smashbox I was like oh it would be great
if we call the lipstick boss so the book
came first and then I made the lipstick
align with the book and I wear the
lipstick a lot in the book so it's
almost a beautiful harmony situation
that just worked out great I feel like
I'm just such a marketing og maybe not
but I would like to compliment myself
all 11,000 of you I would like to
believe that I am impressive in some
ways that you are impressive in some
ways because you're listening to this
talk for a long time and that's
impressive
um do you want to get a new tattoo asked
Anna yeah I do want to get any to have
you I have a few ideas let me tell them
to I want to get something here I was
thinking either a heart here or like I
want to get a finger tattoo
I've always wanted a finger tactic right
on the guts to do but like Cara
Delevigne she wrote it was so dope and I
think they look so good I also might
wanna get something here you know I have
a few things I'm working with right now
I don't know I'm figuring out but I
think I'm a new tattoo soon I do la la
la la la la
ah where you what what sometimes you all
send me pictures right this is like a
daily occurrence in Milan
you all will send me pictures of like me
or my apartment or my family or friends
and I have no idea what the pictures
from like you have found it before I
have it him cycle where did you get this
picture from it is the weirdest thing
when people who live across the world
know more about you than you know about
yourself it is so extremely interesting
okay in a couple minutes I'm Natalia you
could win the first shout-out it is
gonna happen on Facebook so you can head
on over to my facebook my facebook fan
page facebook.com slash iisuperwomanii
the link is in the description I'm gonna
give you a few minutes ago ahead and do
that that's what's gonna take place in
the meantime I'm going to talk about
something so important and that is Yin
he just back on up okay my big fucking
her show comes out today came in at
midnight haters back off is on Netflix
y'all check it out I've seen the first
two episodes I'm so friggin proud of her
um and if you haven't seen this already
let me show you something alright so if
you follow my parents on social media I
bought in g-iii Manjeet aiya
they've done their best Miranda
impressions let me show you this one
hold on like Miranda right like crazy
crazy
okay books hey anybody do is I need to
tell you for huge bangle would be good
Netflix a boutique she wanted if you
like that is bottom dude commented on
Instagram has a Miranda in honor of
haters back off check it out shorts so
hard and I'm so proud of her and it's
incredible so ah he used ankle keeps
more focus there's no questions no
questions
11,000 of you up yo let's stop for a
second
there's 11 thousand people here every
single person I don't give your loan or
with someone else whatever or shake your
right hand take your right hand
and once you touch the screen we're
doing a 11,000 person hand-holding
session I'm holding my hand on the
screen I'm holding your hand I'm gonna
close my eyes even oh the Telex
spiritual moment close your eyes I'm
gonna close my eyes ready close close
close I'm imagining me holding your hand
I don't know where you are in the world
of imagining India imagining Jamaica
imagine Trinidad imagine Canada America
Germany and Australia Dubai Japan
wherever you are and we're holding heads
that's telling me nice and like that it
felt really nice thanks for doing that
I'm lame I know I'm probably one of the
lamest creators I'm very self aware I
know it of all the other youtubers you
probably watch I'm probably one of the
lamest and like unicorns and rainbows in
happiness and positivity I think those
things are cool so I don't care if
they're lame I think they're cool I
think it's cool to be positive and it's
cool to be nice I think it's cool to be
a unicorn and I will maintain that I
don't think drama is cool and I don't
think being me into school I don't think
having beef on line is cool I don't
think any of those things require a
evolved brain I think that's very basic
and I would rather have an evolve brain
and you would rather have evolved brain
I hope and I hope that's why you're here
um alright I'm gonna be the first shout
out and it's gonna be on Facebook and
i'ma basically say if you don't know I
released two videos yesterday for super
Thursday two videos with Sabrina
carpenter when was a skit and one was a
girl up interview the reason I did that
was because you know girl love as well
as totally new still the series I'm
doing on my channel and still try to
figure out like a format that makes
sense when I do just the interviews I
feel like they're good but I don't know
if that format looks the best so I
thought what if I took a skit comedy
skit and a separate interview format
that's also fun let me know what you got
y'all feel like about that format in the
comments below of those videos not this
live stream but in those videos comment
let me know if you like that you like
that what you think but I am going to
share some one that is 5 ways to be a
dope human
and I'm going to say share my newest
video with Sabrina carpenter or a lie
shut up shit and go enjoy
I put the videos I'll share my news
videos between a carpenter for a live
shut up and go I just posted it all I
gotta do is going to my fan page click
share and also comment under that video
saying done and I'm gonna pick one of
you and I'm going to give you a shout
out because I like to shout out people
who support me I want to pay attention
people who support me nuts people that
don't support me because I doesn't make
no sense
why would I focus on people that don't
support me when there's o'phelan do
support me come on come on all right
eat my eyes at you oh my god as long as
I knows not a gs5 okay more questions on
Twitter mmm Papa Papa Papa Papa fucked
up at the back okay but them have you
decide your Halloween costume asks ask
the Vice shitty no I haven't even
thought about it to be honest I have no
idea what I'm doing for Halloween I
don't releasing a sick Halloween video
on October 27th who said that I have a
setback for verse 27 - one day October
27 - I did say that what I don't want to
actually be found I might just take this
to my face and and go like this emoji to
be honest no questions shell boo asks is
that picture are you kissing Dom real or
fake
some people said it's fake it is very
real Dom and I did kiss for that scene
because that would be hard to CGI in
post-production so we did kiss and he's
a very good kisser mmm want questions
well questions caleb asks would you ever
shave your eyebrows no I know
jennamarbles did and I think she's so
dope for being so fearless but I am way
too scared to do that and I would never
but I think she's absolutely fierce for
doing whatever the f she wants to do and
I picked on that video thinking it was
going to be complete joke
sure no better Jennifer was on to
clickbait Jennifer will just does the
damn thing she said she's gonna do
that's why I love her um what was the
first time you played in shakarez a
steam super Toronto the first song I
played in my car was one loved by Bob
Marley because I want to sit standing of
love in my vehicle um not that I get any
love in my vehicle but you know I'm
gonna let that Facebook ish simmer for a
few more minutes before I check who won
I'm sorry if I'm acting weird I can feel
myself acting weird I'm really tired you
know what it is I need more sleep than
the average human I do I need like 9 or
10 hours of sleep so he last night I got
6 and I feel like it's just like making
me go crazy and I'm just like hey hey
hey when he's yeah but I'm still here
and I'm still enjoying myself but I feel
myself acting weird so thank you for
accepting me for who I am
I appreciate you okay
why am I not wearing my Invisalign ask
Ruthie good question it's because I'm
waiting for my new um that's what they
call cases to arrive
the last ones don't fit anymore so
waiting some new ones arrive but I
should be wearing the old ones but they
don't fit so I can't speak in them so I
wear them at night so yell at me okay
I'm sorry
oh my god sigh ass will be well this is
the last ask Superman IV really bad I'm
gonna say no I'm gonna say no because of
November 14th I still have a lily pad
will I be in LA is a different question
though but I feel like I will be so I'm
gonna say no this is not the last ask
Superman my googling pad I don't think
but if it is holy crap holy crap
everything's happening too fast I don't
know I can't do okay does the super one
ring with the Diamonds feel different
asked to not
- Tanishq this one it doesn't feel
different it doesn't it feels exactly
same exactly the same ring it's not
heavy or anything
it feels pretty I mean yeah cuz I was
gonna say it feels more super fun
doesn't diamonds doesn't make it more
super just makes it fancier but it feels
exactly same alright if you haven't
already done so you can win a live
shadow if you care about that my mouth
will see your name and I will hold it on
a piece of paper if you like that go to
my Facebook fan page facebook.com slash
hi super my eye I created a post that
said show this video and you could win a
live shout outs avoid and click share on
that comment below saying done and I
could pick your name to give you a shout
out and we could have a grand old time
okay whenever just tweet me the picture
of evil clowns stop I'm scared of clowns
and I know these all these Psychopaths
around the world dressing up as clowns
and commits can we have some real talk
if you if I'm driving my car and you
want to come in front of my father just
like a mother effing cloud nothing for a
second
for a second I will not run you the F
over I'm not paying no games okay 90 no
get I am trying to have no intimate time
to no crusty than my death and clown
okay a mother from bozo I ain't trying
that ish I will if I see a clown and I
am having a right turn and you standing
there like drag is a found you will die
I will kill you not my choice by force
because I will not be able to stop I
would just like room right into you okay
this me wigs and red noses everywhere
you don't want to do that ish people you
know what's the next thing the people
who are dressed as the clown are they
crazy or all the people who film them
and chase them are they crazy they're
both crazy it's like if I saw a clown
right there and the guy was like you
know what I love mother F in Reverse or
run them over one of the 12 of them
first and leave you got people out here
like this is a nope
now under s FRA we're hunting no clown
oh god this queasy comes with a knife
let's go see what they're up to come on
well I don't know I got I got I got are
you dumb why are you doing okay why are
you doing that don't do that
y'all want to die by the I understand I
understand I understand these people be
crazy y'all be crazy out here crazy out
here cheese the people things people do
I just don't understand all right
someone tweeted me with a screenshot it
says when the drugs kick in I'm not on
drugs and I'm not drunk will I be drunk
later on tonight
yes I'll be so drunk but not right now I
don't do job I just slammed my mouth so
hard that I just a notification came up
saying connection lost um I don't do
things drunk in my job before I go on
stage I might have a drink to loosen up
but I don't do things drunk for the most
part in my job I take my job very
seriously so um I'm not drunk okay good
I'm I'll stop working I must I'll get
connection lost okay come on
also one when my mouse says battery low
you know what I do I don't change the
batteries instead I just slam it against
my desk see there is what enough perfect
okay I am going to refresh my facebook
page in 10 seconds 10 9 8 7 6 5 Oh
3 2 what and refresh I pick someone's
name and your name is gonna be so go to
be so sexy and I cannot wait all right
oh you mean I do then when I wake up in
the morning better better better than a
dead edger it's all right cuz it's a
bother
it's all right cuz ups a bother it's
alright cuz I stay by the boot that's
what you do okay let's pick someone
la la la la mmm oh hi let's see let's
see let's see let's see we gonna pick we
gonna pick with I know we're gonna pick
I don't wanna pick I'm writing the name
hey this is a really nice color I'm
writing in writing your name could be
your name yeah could be your name oh
okay
okay so long name it's all the bulbs out
there I'm sorry thanks for your support
I really like this color markers make me
very happy
look it's pretty right it's definitely
scented too
I like it okay the first one this
shuttle if your name starts with M you
did not live this shuttle I am so sorry
to do that to you I'm sorry your name
starts with a you also do not win the
shadow I'm really I'm a jerk I'm jerk
but if your name starts with s you also
do not win the shadow whatever your name
starts with H you also might have want
this shout out the person with this
shadow I recognize this person because
they're so supportive in the comments
after all my videos and we're kind of
twinning our beer Singh Brar I see one
all my videos as you commenting I see on
your support
I appreciate you as your shout out if
you missed that after the action is done
it will be on my channel you can pause
rewind screenshot you would you'd like
hardware thank you so much for being
here
you could be anywhere else spending your
time anywhere else but you choose to
support me and I truly do appreciate
that so thank you if you didn't win the
shutter you sad don't be sad you know
why because I got two more to do let go
Bob or tweets Morty's did you like my
video with Sabrina by the way Sabrina's
album came up yesterday it's called
evolution and
the Oh L fell backwards love so it's
really friggin cool or album cover I saw
her yesterday at a party I went to and
she's just an absolute bundle of joy and
I adore her so much so if you're into
new music catch Sabrina's album because
it's dope a F y'all need to stop
tweeting me pictures of clowns okay stop
it stop it right now yeah people people
all right here we go no more questions
more questions
Cara asks would you ever go back with
any of your exes you know I'd be lying
if I said that I wasn't tempted after I
broke up in my last one - there's two
relationships in my life I can think of
where I was like shake it back with this
person I didn't I have never gotten back
before my exes um or is that a lie
I've never gotten back with any of my
exes but I had considered it but I
always catch myself because I think I
only want to get back with people for
the wrong reasons not the right reasons
and so I've never gotten back for Max's
yeah a little a little um what questions
I'm only got like the new dope questions
that are the creative and stuff okay I'd
these are all questions I've answered
already all questions of answered um
Holly asks favorite song to sing
recently I've been singing two songs
almost every day I'll sing them both for
you because I'm a really great really
great senior in the teaching the first
one is Lauryn Hill um and Bob moon your
Ziggy Marley I should know this turn
your lights down low it's just my go-to
Jam if you ever want to just vibe like
just be like this and be like we just
think about my life let me chill out
turn your lights down low let me give
you a little taste
Oh boom punched you turn your lights
down low never never try to resist
oh no I right now just let the love come
shining in right now into our lives
again
singing oh it's been a long long time to
get this method to the leader but it
seemed I was never on time then turn a
minute basically it's dope it's like a
dope song I highly recommend it
the second song that's been on my mind
for a while this quite random it's a
Backstreet Boy song it goes like this it
goes everybody
yeah yeah Rocco by hey yeah everybody
rock your body right backstreet's back
I do ginger ginger to that I've been
having that my brain for a long time as
well so those two songs I've been
singing you're welcome for blessing your
eardrums um yeah that's crack-a-lackin'
okay no questions wrong questions a how
is Lee when she's drunk asks Daigle
McGee Anna I'm not you a really good
drunk person I don't get emotional I
don't get upset I know some people get
like that oh you're really happy and I
for sure get really affectionate things
I've done while drunk um I have kissed
and oceany I have a licked Tyler
Oakley's face I have um I text really
sweet things to people I drunk texted uh
Alicia Keys once I have the people a lot
I sit in their laps I cuddle with them
that's how the drug islands of yo I love
you know the shut you don't why your
right let me tell you why right I see a
very happy you positive that's type of
drunk I am okay okay
in about two minutes I'm gonna tell you
I'll say right now I'm gonna give the
shout out to someone that tweets the
hashtag ask super on live I'm just going
to see I'm gonna go click on the cash
tag see who at the top and I'm gonna
just give him a shout-out so if we use
the hashtag ask Superman life I think I
gotta do this at a better time ever
since I moved to LA I understand that
I'm so behind everyone else in the world
was in Toronto I was three hours ahead
and now like I can tell like just by the
numbers nothing it's about the numbers
I'm saying by the people who are joining
us I can tell that is not an ideal time
either that or I'm not promoting them
enough or properly which is probably
true which I should probably work on
doing so yeah I'm gonna work on both of
those things and I apologize that our
party's not because things that usually
is but maybe it's also because I'm not
entertaining or funny in which case my
bad
what questions have you ever regret
something you've done while being drunk
as caramel oh my god yes I do regret
some things I've done while being drunk
um not a lot of things but there's like
a few things like sometimes in my life
when I have drank a little bit too much
and got a little bit sick
I regret those moments I don't like
doing that it's not a good feeling um
but anything else I don't regret this in
fact I think it's awesome and my friends
tell the story and he's a proud moment
for me one time at my birthday I was
drunk and I for some reason convinced
myself or thought that I'll wait to
smell my birthday party this is a water
fight so I saw my friend in his suit and
I took a water bottle and just
completely dumped it over his head and
he so what the hell are you doing and I
was like we're in a water fight and in
my brain I was like I'm stupid not to do
this I'll win the water fight he wasn't
mad or anything was actually hilarious
but everyone was really confused as to I
did um more questions wait what's your
favorite alcoholic beverages oh my god
you guys are asking something alcohol
questions and I my favorite cold
beverage is if I had to pick with you
the hard liquor would be vodka I'm a
vodka drinker but I like cosmos it's a
girly drink but I like cosmos and
actually I don't want to say it's a girl
why my stereotyping drinks I like
consoles and I like vodka sprite that's
what I like a sane ass has none so I
asked have you ever been pulled over by
a cop yes I have been pulled over by
common it's been terrifying each and
every time I got pulled apart from
caught for speeding ones once I went to
a yellow when he was like Oh too much of
a red I was like sure um so I've been
pulled over before not many times in my
life think twice and both times has been
terrified actually one time was the
first time I was after I'd met Hannah it
was in Toronto and I was going to this
party they were at and I was lost so I
was at a red light I would just like to
point out the situation and you can be
the judge I was at a red light and I was
in downtown Toronto where the streets
are like packed with people who Park on
the sides of the streets
so there's cars parked all on the sides
I'm in the rightmost lane that I could
possibly met a red light and I lost so I
pull out my phone so quickly GPS it and
a cop pulls me over for using the phone
I'm like what would you want me to do I
couldn't pull over anywhere I'm at a red
light and there's complete traffic
everywhere and I wasn't even know he was
just like a crazy situation I don't know
I guess he's still right but still I was
like other one else below little oh I'm
good okay um did you did you did took a
chair uh do you pick your nose ask Elena
yes if you might know something about
fix her nose with her long um my nose is
not into your right princey but that's
not jinx it maybe is the popcorn because
now I think about every time you eat the
popcorn like to touch my nose that's
amazing issue maybe I don't know I don't
know I don't know have ever been a car
accident as crystal yes I have been in a
car accident I have been in two three
car accidents none of the major thank
God
I'll buy lunch a few fender-benders and
I'm going to a few things in parking
lots you know minor things minor things
and that time is so stressful within my
least favorite thing and it stresses me
out so much
a favorite subject in school asked SIA
when I was in school my favorite subject
was believe or not one of them was
biology I really like biology I like the
manga oblongata and the neurons in the
brain set them in the synapses and the
mitochondria which is me cuz I'm the
powerhouse of the cell okay I'm gonna
stop being weird I'm gonna pick a winner
in 30 seconds if you haven't we'd use a
hashtag as to proving life go ahead and
do it ask the woman lighting is what's
gonna happen here we go Danya and um
we've been making any songs in the near
future acid Alvin yeah I've been
thinking about making some more songs
I'm admittedly I have a lot of other
things on my plate right now but I've
been thinking about recording some songs
and also in addition to recording songs
just how did my mic constantly set up so
any time I do feel like just doing some
musical I can just go do it even if it's
to release or not release just for my
own personal enjoyment you know doing
that kind of stuff doing things for
yourself actually when I'm gonna write
that down that's a good idea
doing and mmm and I'm going to tell you
why it'll be my ending thought I just
drop something
then I lash I know that is um okay I am
going to click professional asks a woman
like hashtag in oh okay la la la la a la
semana
Mikko my mangos a Yoshi noises okay you
go and a damn Panther fans and then
hello listen very easy names pum pum pum
I like you
boom-shaka-laka why in your body and
wiggle your body and why now you can go
up one down and go down first one good
shoutout you had used ass to prove my
patch site several times I see according
to you we're also trending and your name
is Jorge kidding it's Nina Nina Nina
unicorn love thank you so much for your
support and for being here this is your
shadow if you missed it don't worry
because Isis is done you can pause
rewind and do all that stuff when you
know you'll read even though that
already know that because you're
certified unicorn aren't you now I'm
gonna give away one more shout out I'll
tell you how you can get in about five
ish minutes I'm here for about 15 20
more minutes so if you have any more
questions please do tweet me use the
hashtag ask Superman live things we've
talked about our we die tomorrow I will
be there you can still get girl of a few
keys that we don't work fast girl up and
the proceeds still all go towards all
great causes they went to before you
want to compare to my book don't link is
in description it is Lilly Singh book
calm haters back off my girl Miranda
colleen her show came up today
check it out on Netflix and support her
because I love her also if you haven't
seen my last two videos I was to
yesterday I wanted to skit one as a goal
of interview with Sabrina carpenter aka
Girl Meets World
yay me yeah I need more questions on
Twitter here we go luck that baby you're
writing his beautiful son Helen Helen
literally no one in my life has ever
said that because my writing my
penmanship is actually my weakest point
so thank you for saying that because
literally I'm so insecure about it
my fingers are double-jointed so they
get stuck like this and I'm not the best
I'm writing I always type everything
I don't do right in my calendar okay I
Tina T let's see do you think of
captions before taking pictures or after
pictures because it's always on point
ask a range that's a very interesting
question
I'll very rarely do I think of a caption
before I picture unless it's like
picture I've been planning for a while
um like for example when I took the
picture with Dwayne and I had my rock
shirt I knew it was going to say what up
t-shirt reference but I usually think of
my captions after the pictures yeah I'm
not that I'm not that ahead of the game
you think of them before okay have you
seen Colleen's
kitten ask ELISA yes I haven't for kids
adorable and so small and cute and
pooped everywhere it was amazing um that
there it's very convicting Dan didn't
what questions do we gal well catchy
ride says how do you feel that you're
about to catch a ride tenderly for Lily
oh can you believe we're gonna hit 10
million soon isn't that crazy
don't meet people that is 10 million I
can't even understand or comprehend how
many people ten million people is that's
like bigger the population of some
countries that's crazy that's crazy what
do we have right now let's check alone
we are at nine point nine three six
everything's fine I knew they're gonna
do a firearm test also for all of you
that watched my blog and you were like
oh why didn't you wake up when there was
a fire alarm because this building stays
testing the fire alarm this building
every day all they have the fire alarm
going off it's bad though because I feel
like people don't treat fire alarms till
a few fire alarms these days if you're
not no one evacuate anything unless
you're in like a public school I just
wrote a check
um okay well my Sean's Megan gun I'm
sorry I yarn I'm yawning I'm CPM Sean um
bad bad bambam um
bambam would you listen to BTS blood
sweat and tears as Alvina you know so
many people
ask me juice I haven't done it yet but I
do like BTS I like your song dope
because dr. Tanner
don't turn a turn and I didn't that's
probably bad representation on it but it
goes in other words out of tune don't go
there get a good a good dude dude dude I
like that song is dope
the music is sick too ah who's your
favorite female Sabri crushed ask Ayanna
Celina and you know what I thought at
least once a day I think about Selina I
just hope she's okay not even from a fan
point of view because like I suspect her
as a human and they just I'm so happy
she's truly taking a break from social
media and focusing on herself because so
important to focus on yourself and love
yourself and yeah and learning up a bum
bum bum bum bum bum bum bum where's your
diamond play button that's a good
question my diamond play button is in my
bedroom but I will not post it yet until
I actually picked 10 million okay I'm
gonna tell you to win the last shuttle I
actually don't know I don't have
anything written down look it's blank I
don't know I don't know how you can win
watch out do you want to give me some
ideas tweet me some ideas of how you
would like to win lash that out and then
I can do it like that do it in a way you
want me to do it since I love you and
you're so important let's do it Shauna
asked what's the best worst pick-up line
you've ever gone I'll say the worst and
it's very common once I'm sure you've
probably heard it but someone actually
came up to me and said are you from
Tennessee cause you're the only ten I
see
I swear to god he said it and he was
serious it was not a joke I don't I
don't I you know Jack drew Bo
have you ever dreamed about being on The
Ellen Show yes I want to be on The Ellen
Show so badly I think Ellen is so wicked
um hopefully it's all my it's on my
vision board so hopefully I get to be on
The Ellen Show and I will talk to so
let's put that into the universe
and then show also seven days okay can
you bottle flip see if I can bottle flip
wait I need like a warning we will see
if it lands cuz they're not my god
nothing is cooperating wait maybe over
here you can see the Lancer is that a
thing there's a lot of water though
we'll try know what you talking about
Cana bottle flip what you talking about
son would you mean what to making our
bottle flip I'll be flipping them
bottles tipping them cups all day every
day you know what's up okay okay mmm oh
you guys are sending me some great ideas
about how I should pick the shoutout um
um um he's all really good it came hold
on wait I like that one a lot
let me just think okay let's say whoever
captures the best screenshot for the
remainder of the livestream get to shout
out you guys send me a good tweet
shopping livestream that's one right
there ah oh my god my hair is everywhere
I'm giving you a lot of material
screenshot quite a screenshot on the
live stream tweet it to me using the
hashtag ask Superman live and I'll pick
you that's creative that's something
I've never done before and I like that
I'm trying my hair or not okay here we
go my god what am i doing after is gonna
take a nap not like I'm just so tired
for some reason I don't know what it is
let's see I think I can take a nap
okay Haley says I just thought Alessia
Cara last night in LA and she was
amazing what's your favorite song for
his was she here I love her
my favorite song first is definitely um
funny weather laughs things ah oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah I love wild things I love
iPhone so much actually covered it for
YouTube FanFest um and put it into my
Toronto mix and I told that she was a
girl
um before my one of your songs from
seconds of your song tomorrow I'm so
excited and I only see two screenshots
right now and I'm not I'm not blown away
by them I'm not gonna lie okay nevermind
here they come I like this one a lot I
like this one a lot I'm gonna remove
your ticket that was good
I'm a write your name I'm arrived from
name on this paper my right when I think
your name is not what your actual
Twitter name is I don't think that's
your name um although this might not be
your name either understa soothing and
you da me esta boom boom this is to the
screenshot of says when you realize you
can take a nap when I retweet you to a
diva team super guitar thank you so much
for your love and support yours you shut
up
if you mister don't trip you laugh I'm
done you can pause and whine screenshot
do whatever you would like to do thank
you for being here thank you for support
I'm here for about five more minutes
technically I should be here for ten but
I feel like I'm gonna collapse
otherwise I'd you know what maybe it's
like the quality of sleep I'm getting
about shirt I have a lot of ideas in my
brain and when I think of ideas when I
sleep I know I don't truly get good
sleep because I'm thinking of ideas and
so my brain doesn't actually ever turn
off it's like a problem I have um but
you know it's all good good problems
good problems to have thank you for all
of these horriffic screen shots that I'm
being sent and my self esteem is no I'm
kidding I love myself but it's I'm
definitely ugly definitely an ugly
person
um I'll answer a couple more questions
and then I will end on a positive
thought and I have a good butt because I
were to done ba-bop ba-bop ba-bop ba-bop
okay ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum uh do
did you know Game of Thrones was filmed
in Croatia I didn't know that team super
Croatia I didn't do I have to come to
Croatia you have to do that let me know
let me know
um are you gonna be watching with James
Jays game tonight truthfully I'm not
gonna be watching the Jays game I'm
going to be chilling with Lauren and
Susie um so I'm not but I hope they win
go tomorrow six i Jays be killing all
day every day you know what's up Beverly
as described Kyle in three words all
three words very difficult dedicated
kind considerate those are three words
describe Kyle was ever thought about
he's so considerate like so considerate
I mean at least to me he's very
considered he's always trying to help me
out
he's always trying to make sure I'm okay
he's just the best the best team in ever
all right I am going to end on a thought
here earlier on in the livestream I
jotted it down it was about doing things
for yourself and this is something I
have slowly gotten better at and it was
going to be some real tea I must feel
for you right now I know I do the
internet I know I do social media I've
blotted well since but recently over the
past few months I think since I've come
back from Italy in Kenya I have just
been so much better at doing things for
myself for example I will dance around
and not vlog it house dance because I
want to I will experience things without
documenting it um I will do things that
make me feel good
solely because they make me feel good
for no other reason and it has really
positively changed my life someone
encourage you that it's great to do
things for other people and for social
media and all something you can create
change continue doing that I mean I'm
doing a livestream right now but do some
things in life just for yourself and
that's why I told myself I'm buy a mic
and whether I release music or not I'm
just record it for myself because I
enjoyed doing it it makes me happy so
happens moments to yourself do things
for yourself take care of yourself love
yourself no one is gonna love you like
you love you and no one is gonna do
things for you the way you do things for
you so consider that and truly do place
importance in doing things for yourself
because I do think it's very important I
would like to say thank you so much for
spending the last hour with me when you
could be doing anything else I'm sorry I
was a little bit dying on my trip for
the next a simple life but not as tired
and I'll try to do it at a better time
and try to promote it more and I'll try
to improve it in general because I
always believe there's room for
improvement you can buy your girl over
free keys we got work slash girl up you
can pre-order my book leasing book calm
or you can do none of those things and I
hope you still have a great day thanks
for joining me I will see you on the
14th of next month imma go nak that
fault right now so I can rejuvenate
myself through these next two meetings
but I spend time with you as always my
favorite thanks for letting me be myself
the last hour and I love it
and I'm one love superwoman that is a
wrap and so my
