oh my god I'm so nervous Kyla standing
right over there I'm sure I'll be fine
wish me luck good luck
whoa girl you got something in your
teeth we're here no no little okay
run steer like opposite okay they get
their leaders gone the whole thing nope
is small no it's like an entree side
salad you got it right but there look
there because it you can ways everything
else okay things clear but Kat check
cavernosa veggies my nose well no look
you don't even touch a little oh not
literally I'm looking well no no you're
good Michelle why did this just don't do
that thank you so much we did it oh stop
there's another girl here who's that
girl but she hates me I've never met her
before
I better avoid her whatever
there's another girl here who's that
girl hey did you just smile at me I
think I did but we've never met I know
what what is happening
my name's Sabrina Lily Oh her eyeliner
is so awesome she always looks so good
Sabrina wears way too much makeup like
her eyeliner is winged way too big like
her wings could be on a raven and game
Thrones or something and then I need
symmetrical okay the Raven wouldn't even
deliver the right message people would
think spring is coming Oh her eyeliner
is so awesome she always looks so good
girl
you are so good at doing your makeup
like it was look so amazing can you
teach me one day this little sweet of
course I feel my eyeliner is never
straight you know I thought my eyebrows
are spelled wrong and then autocorrect
put like a squiggly line underneath
hey dear the hair tie can borrow oh no
I'm sorry this is religious Oh
hey give it here tank Amuro oh yeah have
a song but do you only have one that's
okay take it but this is the good kind I
know it's fine but these are so hard to
find really Sabrina I want you to have
it no but it's hot outside and you have
long hair I know but you know I'll use
my shoelace if I have to I won't forget
this
I love you no tie that here
my dad dress is so weird and she tries
like way too hard to be cool don't you
think um yeah she's the worst like
sometimes people say we look like and I
hate it
Maya dress is so weird and she's a way
too hard to be cool don't you think
actually I think she's kind of cute
anyway let's talk about something else
so how was the test hey I hope you
enjoyed that video if you did give it a
big thumbs up comment below letting me
know who else do you want to see me
collaborate with and exciting news
Sabrina's album evolution comes out
today the link word is in the
description so if you want to check it
out go ahead and do that she is so
deserving and I adore her speaking of
which if you liked this skit we also did
an interview or discuss amazing things
together it's right over there
available right now on my channel two
videos in one day hey my last video is
also right there if you want to check
that out and you can't even see cuz my
fingers are too low but they're in there
you know what I'm talking about come on
other than that make sure you spat
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday one love superwoman that is
a wrap and Zoop
