whatever I went to girls soup over and
welcome back to the girl love series I'm
so excited because today we have a
talented musician and the star of
Disney's Girl Meets World
Sabrina carpenter and she came looking
this cute oh and I was like you look
adorable you look looking at you too and
you already had that shirt Oh what this
one way sure what do you even talk about
what it's so fun you're wearing what up
t-shirt tank top reference that's right
thank you so much for be here having me
I'm so excited so obviously I know
you're like a super dope musician you
have an amazing come dope until you know
no I didn't like I didn't the come fro
until this moment that I depth so aside
from all that and ask you some quickfire
questions get to know you first date
questions here favorite song right now
favorite song uh either cheap girls or
Opilio better Lumineers huh love it love
it
we've got approvals from all the capital
they're like yeah yeah favorite food
Mexican like fajitas and I can make them
too which is really nice what are some
of the claims that you have oh the list
goes on for a while be Brina Brina SABS
stabby stabby a a sab sab Bree Bree Bree
Bree so bring me I don't know why I got
that one um yeah my sister I think in
that one yeah I have a lie like people
get really weird with it there's a lot
and I was asking that someone has to of
course call you like the Teenage Witch
yes so good and did you always
understand that or were you kind just
like what do you talk with merely enough
that was always my favorite show because
I was like hey guys like my cat talks am
i what I love and yeah speaking of our
cat person or a dog person a well I have
a dog but a staff for cats so I love
both your love and applause cats oh my
god you're basically living my future
yeah I'm going to happen what did I say
yeah no I mean I did looks like yeah
that you will have for now it's ok these
are facts it's like um what is up I grew
up in Pennsylvania so
in well I like an hour outside of
Philadelphia in the woods
there's a lot of deer there was once
like a cow in the middle of the road so
I was living in the rural so you married
in the woods yeah Lennie Majella you
just play tillers a song and I just like
yeah exactly I did that you started the
entertainment mystery at a pretty young
age like you were saying how are you
well I started acting when I was around
11 and then I was signed to my label
when I was 12 so um yes I know so I just
yeah I kind of started for most people
that's young for me I thought it was old
because you know I have friends that
have started when they were three
everyone.i blows things they could have
started they could have started at me as
well and I think I was I was very lucky
in the sense that you know my parents
never pushed me in any way I was the one
that was annoying and wanted to do this
and I annoyed them until they let me
know there's a challenge is like being
so young being a young female getting
into the entertainment it was that
challenging what was that students like
it's very challenging when you are young
because you're always told that you
either are too young you look too old
you know you're just not right it's like
the Goldilocks syndrome right um but it
is one of those things that you know for
every 10 knows there's usually one yes
it's it's it's hard it's a lot of
rejection in the beginning but I think I
was so lucky that I had those years that
I didn't care and I knew that it wasn't
personal
so I take that with me and I've got
great people around me that you know
support me so so alright so I want to
play a fun little game with you okay
I want to play a quick-fire compliment
game so girl love is all about
complimenting other women and building
them up even if you're supposed to care
Island is great no but seriously it's
really on point did you do that yourself
it did oh my god I'm too scared I can
never girl stop no I'm sorry actually
blushing for real because I struggled
through my eyeliner
time you just made my day are you
serious all the time so I'm gonna hold
up pictures of five of your friends and
I want you to the first genuine
compliment that comes to your mind and
it doesn't have to just be what how they
look and be about their personality it
could be about how could be about your
favorite characters too about them are
you ready yes Maddie her talent is
unreal like seriously just dancing but
also beautiful on the inside
Sofia my big sister Hayley oh oh just
like it's so cool but she's got that
like favorite example probably I don't
know um she's so open and just so
welcoming to like all sorts of love
which I loved about her last one okay
Meghan well first of all writing she's
like the best writer you've ever met in
your entire life um but not only that
she's just so real she's so real and raw
and she's always been like just so open
to me in being like you know a figure um
and an artist so she spreads a girl love
and she's herself she's just down to the
point real I love it all right I'm so
excited - next challenge is called the
girl anthem challenge I can do this with
all my guests but I know you have some
dope on fleek vocal cords so I'm gonna
hold up five titles of girl anthems and
I'd love for you to sing them
okay Jam out let's just jam let's do it
you could be my guy and toast agenda
chosen Jeff I get it like peanut butter
now are you ready are you ready ready
what's first oh okay wait girls just
wanna
oh girl just wanna have fun
Oh hahaha Oh mom right the way I move
you're like okay that was really good
okay you ready I'm so excited I really
want so probably what you want what you
really really well I wanna I wanna I
wanna I wanna I wanna really really
really wanna zigazig ha all right
that was really good that lovely we
could tell how how I see dancing that
okay
this is a classic boom oh yes bzzeep
final enemy movie oh yeah II think I
know what it means to me again your
voice is so good this one says flawless
what I'm going to say because she also
released lemonade recently I'm gonna say
any Beyonce song you want so what would
be the one of your choice gosh okay um I
love freedom do you know freedom oh god
knows yeah yeah but you're beneath your
eyes and you love them as too high oh no
games for mine I've seen your cousin
kiss your crime so many people I know
that they just on the touches kiss up
and rub up and be like you really good
okay Basia ready do you ever feel like a
plastic bag drifting through the wind
wanting to start again I do
do you like I'm feel like feel so paper
thin they do like a house of cards one
blow from caving in alright so if you
know so aside from all the magic you've
already created for the planet what else
can we expect from you next year I have
my new album like my second album which
is so crazy that I've been writing since
August so I'm very excited for going to
hear that
I have a new animated show that I'm
working with the creators of Phineas and
Ferb on
it's called Milo Murphy's Law and that's
out or um I'm going on to work and I'm
gonna be on tour for the next couple
months and I'm very very excited to meet
everybody is my first official tour so
you still wanna tell me why I'm going
you're not really that busy you're just
chilling and no I'm just chillin now we
see Netflix um yeah you should probably
start doing stuff I should actually more
productive you know yeah so make my bed
every morning that's a good thing yes
into today um amazing I'll make sure for
all the links in the description but
where people find you on the instagrams
and the socials and all the instagrams
yes
so Instagram I'm Sabrina carpenter very
original I thought of it myself and then
on Twitter I am Sabrina and Lynne which
is a NN oh my and then my middle name
for those of you who don't know or care
um and then on Facebook I think I'm
Sabrina carpenter as well we didn't like
what else is there the would doom would
support I'm gonna put every every
description below I'll put her first
album I'll put a link to Oliver so get
down there give me my phone numbers all
of the blood type that humble owner have
your own Sabrina carpenter that's right
um it has been so wonderful having you
thank you so much you're awesome you're
awesome you're awesome okay okay thank
you so much for watching this episode
comment below letting us know which
other amazing influential women do you
want to see on our girl upset and join
the conversation by using the hashtag
girl um you can also follow us on our
social sites spread
girl laughing right boots absolutely
let's do this right so it is one love
one love superwoman subbu that is a wrap
it's a wrap and Zoop hey hope you
enjoyed this video if you did give it a
thumbs up and also surprised I did two
videos today aside from this interview I
also did a skit with Sabrina you want to
check it out it's right over there
I'm calm below letting you know who else
do you want to see me collaborate with
also don't forget you have Sabrina's
album that's available today called
evolution the link word is in the
description and make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and I'd love for you to be
there one love superwoman that is a wrap
and
