why do you keep leaving the house alone
there's been zombies outside for the
past five seasons have you learned
nothing
oh great good no no please continue to
have an emotional conversation when
you're surrounded by zombies don't know
please kiss good good yeah uh-huh work
with me I'm trying to keep you alive I
could totally be on the show how do you
have time for relationships
what hello hello are you are you dawn
well honestly hours you deserve to die
you deserve to die
Oh oh yeah you're getting bitten up good
okay all rest in peace now you're only
gonna be remembered for your IMDB idiot
I told you turn around is this your
first day on the job whatever you doing
oh why are you not staying with the
mother-effing group stop wandering
around oh my goodness could you please
just cha-cha slide yourself back to
mother and group oh look at me I'm
surrounded by zombies but what's that
sound
let me go check by myself idiot okay
honestly Darryl where are you getting
all these arrows from no no no the video
mocks wish to why a panic you know see
on the zombie man come approach to
bridge that way no you are you stressing
me out man are you really okay people
don't have babies down it's because the
economy y'all mother F is getting
pregnant while you're surrounded by
zombies just F up are you done are you
done are you done are you done are you
done no look at me are you Dom are you
under I dumb are you dumb
what the hell is happening what okay
wait wait what who are these kids what
am I doing with my life these eight year
old kids are knit as f bar Oh aren't you
believe her believe her
can you just believe her see if it's
your problem you ain't gonna believe her
you're gonna think she's crazy then
y'all mother F is gonna die feeling like
oh she's crazy there's no time imma go
back to housing
stupid waste men's that's right talk
close to the light baby talk to us to
the lights come on dad acting though why
why am I not
damnit
what are you saying talk to me her nose
is bleeding okay can you leave her alone
what the hell is this thing
Oh what okay what oh my god what oh no
do not end do not end now stranger
things I swear to God I won't be so
pissed off I do do not roll the credits
door oh my god that hit me with the
credits they hit me straight in the part
with the credits I want Eggo waffles
what is not your brother well who's this
character again your Google this
characters why are you doing that with
your brother how do you not have alcohol
poisoning I just like liver take month
evernotes your pansy homeboys half your
height okay you acting weak is f oh well
why isn't that your cousin are there no
rules okay okay
damn boobs ah and here come the boobs
how do you not constantly have a
hangover
oh look boobs that boob shot doe so many
boobs okay obviously I've seen your
boobs more than I've seen my boobs oh my
god please die die die die kill him kill
him please
yep trial by combat Lego what our future
reference I will kill you okay I will
kill you I will kill your entire family
what you think this is a game there's
not a show anymore okay this is a real
life yeah yeah yeah
tell them Queen why the f is winter
taking so long
like what calendar are you following Oh
see everyone's getting along and
everything's going
yeah shut up shut up shut up shut up
shut up shut up everybody shut up
how is everyone letting this evil leader
exist
I just don't oh sorry I forgot to change
the text there you go
how is everyone letting this evil leader
exist yeah they're breaking the wall
there's monsters inside the wall oh my
god they're gonna climb the wall
honestly I cannot believe this idiot is
trying to build a wall
what good and good-looking
what if everyone's a girl so far hope
you enjoyed that video inspired by very
true events it's literally how I watch
TV I could be completely alone and I
would be the loudest person ever if you
can relate give this video a thumbs up
comment below letting me know which
shows are you watching what do you
recommend I watching do you watch the
shows that I talked about you want to
check out my last video it is right over
there it is called my thoughts all
getting ready my second vlog channel is
right over there make sure you subscribe
because make new videos every Monday and
Thursday
and know what you're thinking today's
Tuesday well you were happy with Sharada
I love you so much I'm just thinking
tiny hope you're having a great day
really I really do you know think that
you'll never have another day that's
this day this exact day will never come
again so there yeah so you guys love one
love superwoman that is a wrap and I
forgot the soup last time so Zoop Zoop
ha ha so weird
