hey there beautiful don't worry about
anything else let's just be present in
this moment and get ready to relate on a
spiritual level whatever wanted to girls
so woman if you love bras raise your
hand okay now take a look around
men men everywhere raising their hands
as if they're on some sort of invisible
roller coaster that's only going down if
you're a woman and you raise your hand
you know what straight up you're simply
a better person than me I strongly
dislike bras and I'm not gonna stand
here and complain about all the fairy
tale reasons no I'm gonna factually tell
you why I dislike bras so all my ladies
and my fellas that wear bras let me know
if you can relate first of all I walk
into a bra shop right and I instantly
don't know what the f is going on I am
confused just racks on racks on racks up
different bras there's always something
new roles are like mascara you know they
have that one simple job but they're
gonna keep convincing you that this one
job they're getting better and better at
it like you I know we said that last
mascara was gonna extend your lashes but
not this one this new one this is the
one that's gonna extend your lashes this
one does it better
okay strap you use this mascara man I'm
going to be using your eyelashes to play
jump rope
you got bras called push-up plus push-up
flexi super foam gel push-up padded
push-up diva the nipple gripper 3000 and
I walk into the place just like Miss
yeah yeah miss I'm looking for the bra
that just holds my boobs I am
overwhelmed by all this terminology and
all the options I just want a bra that's
gonna prevent my nipples from cutting
people when I hug them in cold
environments because if it's cold
straight-up almost a body you were gonna
hug and then I'm gonna step away and
you're gonna look like leonidas from 300
after he got shot like 400 arrows and
then I'm gonna be standing here like
Edward scissor Dipple that's why I just
hired me for all your gardening needs
you're sick because the thing with the
fancy bras right is that I always buy
them I walk into the store and I
convince myself oh yeah I don't know
where this bright yellow neon
highlighter lookin lace bra but in
reality that is she is never practical
can I just be real I own 25 bras okay
and I were
exact same one every single day I were
the same bra so often that I can't even
afford to wash that one bra because if I
did and it was in laundry for four hours
I wouldn't know what to do I wouldn't be
able to leave my I would have to put a
hold in my town to like do not do
anything for four hours if I had a
dollar for every time I had to take that
one bra out of the laundry without
washing it because I had to wear it
again I'd be a millionaire I am
disgusting okay I have separation
anxiety from said bra and don't get it
twisted I have a drawer full of sexy
bras but they never worked out because
when I put on that bright yellow bra and
then I put a t-shirt on top of it it
looks like I'm breastfeeding Bart
Simpson not to mention that the fabric
and lace has now created six bumps under
my shirt and I'm just sitting there like
hey I have six nipples and I'm waiting
to feed my calves this defeats the
purpose of the bra but look at this bra
look at this bra I have never worn this
bra except for the one time I tried it
on in the change room and can we be real
Beyonce was probably like playing in the
store I must have been fiddling myself
to convince me that is impractical
Jungle Book Logan brought for work I've
got the their necessities the simple
bare necessities and also I know what
you're thinking you're like okay really
that bra looks pretty big like what are
you doing with a bra that beggin to you
I say I'm a tomboy with a figure
underneath that t-shirt tracing curves
with your finger what a voice is
reference and can we talk about how for
something so supportive bras are
actually huge jerks they're so expensive
why are broad so expensive I walk into a
bra store and I literally have to start
thinking about my financial situation in
life I decided to buy one bra I
nervously walked to the cashier and
she's just like okay right dude or do ya
would you like to lease this bra I
really hurt my boobs got me out here
making life decisions okay I'm gonna do
I buy this bra or do I pay for my rent
this month I know if I buy this raw for
the rest of the month I'm gonna be up in
Chipotle not getting the guac because
that issues extra I got a fancy bra now
I'm out here with plain chips with six
nipples looking like Marge Simpson you
know what the most annoying
artists that I will buy this super
expensive bra that I tried on and I was
so hype about in the next day I'll put
it on and I'm ready to be supported AF I
put it on and suddenly this mother effer
don't fit no more I go over a speed bump
on the way to work on my nipple pop so
what happened from yesterday to today
where this bra
no longer fits me I just don't
understand why bras don't fit the same
way they fit like they fit in the change
room should I start to think that my
nipple is just moving okay my nipple is
just like one of those lost uber drivers
it's like all the way over here - hello
yeah no you gotta meet me ASAP in the
pin right here yeah make a u-turn yeah
yeah yeah that's trees but make a u-turn
dump in rolls over here straight up
nipple I'm a 3-star your blood clot oh
my goodness and do not even get me
started do not even get me started on
washing bras I can't I can't I don't
even understand what Wizardry happens in
my washing machine I can someone tell me
because legitimately it's supernatural
my washing machine is Hogwarts I will
put three bras into the washing machine
they will wash I will open the wash
machine and I will take out a pretzel
literally my broad have turned into a
fisherman's knot why why did this have
honestly why do bad things happen to
good people my bras are so tangled and
twisted in out of order that they're no
longer spelled VRA they're spelled var
and that is exactly where I'm headed
because of this bra trauma ain't no once
in a while okay everyday when I'm on a
plane or like you know when I'm in a
movie theater ends up there a public
setting although I'm gonna just unhook
my bra and I don't think anyone's gonna
notice and every time I think that but
this is what happened let me do it I'm
gonna unhook my bra right now actually
and within a matter of seconds my bra
will do this thing where it leaves my
boobs and it comes up here and I'll be
like hello I have three chins dear
gravity on behalf of Sandra Bullock and
I a few Wow anyways no bras were hurt in
the making of this video except this one
ah hey hope you enjoyed that video if
you did please give it a thumbs up can
you relate to what I'm saying or is this
just me am I crazy are my boobs we're
just let me know comment below
let me know your thoughts and feelings
about bras whether you're a male or
female I would love to know if you check
out my last video right over there it is
a clap with the First Lady of the United
States Michelle Obama purse so heavy
gettin Oprah up but my second vlog
channel is right over there other than
that I just wanna say thank you so much
because my birthday campaign sundar
figis was so extremely successful we
sold over 13,000 rafiki's that's
thirteen thousand bracelets that will
support women's education in Kenya so
thank you so much that is so much more
than I ever thought we would sound so
thank you and even though the birthday
campaign is done you can still buy a
girl lover Vicki the link is in the
description they will continue to be on
sale from the bottom of my heart thank
you so much for supporting that cause I
don't that make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday
Erin left me to be here my love
superwoman that is a wrap and
