whatever one's a girl's super oh man I'm
at Howard University and guess whom with
him you think you're ready but you're
not ready you know home with your the
First Lady of the United States herself
the Michelle Obama thank you so much
being on my channel how are you I am
great I'm excited I'm a huge advocate
for education as you are with my
campaign of girl love I believe that
girls around the world should all have
access to education and I know with your
program reach higher you believe that
kids should go beyond getting the high
school diploma and get their college
degree absolutely
you know we're encouraging kids to take
control of their educational future
getting an education beyond high school
is essential to be competitive in this
globalizing economy accessible education
i love it i'm all about the proud of the
work that you're doing as well you it's
not just retired we just punch in and
get a reap you dollar proud of the work
that you're doing
proud of the work that you're doing
girls education is an important mission
of mine and we've got let girls learn
and we're trying to make sure that the
62 million girls around the world that
are not in school get the education that
many of us take for granted
100% I feel like we have so much in
common we do we're like we're like twins
on the same page yeah career-wise
everything's right together yeah
President Taft okay fun notice I didn't
say first lady yeah I love that sense
we're both huge advocate for education I
thought we could play a really really
fun game okay we have these two
wonderful students with us Priscilla and
Trey are you excited are you nervous
soon she'll be so much fun
you know the game heads up yes I did
have that I do they do and I know we
have a rich higher edition of heads up
and now considering I'm kind of like a
huge advocate and I'm probably gonna
nail this I thought I'd go first okay I
know you guys okay so this is the reach
higher version of heads up let's do it
yes so my car doesn't add to my
aesthetic is everything even I can see
that tape you've done this enough you
know yes I do
screenshot that that is gonna be my
profile picture for the rest of my life
nervous
it's big exam the test not finals but
midterms its caffeinate and do you need
in the morning Oh coffee
Oh window test in the morning and you
don't go to sleep so you pull out a
prayer I'm not an address
oh we talked about this is a job that
you don't get paid for and Colliver that
you unfair hey how are you work as an
approver sorry it's it's an appreciation
yes
oh you buy the books here oh did Devin
oh uh
sleep in them sleeping units stacked on
top of all combats yet oh this is the
food that is a like a pasta but it she
comes in a cup in a bowl my little wave
it it's salty like oh rexella
you own your iPhone well you know
skyline our she's a star on YouTube yes
okay oh yeah oh this is the crazy name
for financial aid the formulary my great
that's Italy oh you see where you live
in dorm room and um yeah we gotta be
yeah this is a big animal
oh by school but first lady go you you
eat captain not necessarily
that wasn't a you he anyway you eat I
was supposed to work
that was wonderful I'm gonna say you one
that was really good alright yeah Elvis
Oh in the morning you have this all its
are the first don't like it it's not at
7:00 it's in between 7:00 and 9:00 a
question you know what time between 7:00
and 9:00 it goes yeah NASA
oh I got the flying here superwoman yeah
stand in line you get to get class to go
to the paper winners and stuff yeah yeah
but the process of that registering Oh a
later time your address later yeah this
is a big party yeah um that help got to
a blind date I mean I think that helps
you like okay study guide I'm gonna give
it to you I love when I said when people
ask you to a date
even you know I don't get a date never
know funny even float is like girl you
trip in so let me tell you a little bit
more about my girl love initiative it is
basically about bringing women together
encouraging them to build each other up
and breaking the cycle of girl-on-girl
hey one of the actionable items is to
compliment other women I love that
sometimes it's as easy as just making
another woman even if it's a woman
you're supposed to be competing against
that's complementing absolute and so I
thought you were probably being really
good at that cuz he seems so lovely and
wonderful ooh then you can do that ran a
little fun game called the compliment
quickfire well I let you have it okay
so I think I know some of your friends
okay and some of the people that you
admire and so I'm gonna hold up their
pictures and as quick as you can
you got to say a genuine compliment
about them one word or many words as
whatever you like or whatever comes yeah
I would like to know just what lives in
your heart so don't take as many words
as you like all right oh yeah beautiful
talented kind giving caring role model
goals goals I'm gonna treat this to use
in this would we do see you
oh dear friend partner blue star mom
kind curious smart professional I
appreciate how you're really making the
eye contact with the picture I really I
feel like Jill cuz I haven't seen her in
a couple of weeks awesome spectacular
spellbinding strong
um just amazing fearless strong did I
say strong it's okay you can say it
twice strong strong strong time I'll put
this point in here but oh oh is that oh
oh it's me that's I who did this who did
this
go ahead beautiful that's a smart
entrepreneurial funny uh loud
hard-working role model mentor leader
thank you so mine when I heard mom you
hear that nice you are so awesome and
fun thank you so much for being on my
job despite a first lady no picture
thank you so much for watching this
video
uh hello FLOTUS give it a thumbs up
where can we learn more about the retire
Berwyn and better make room work so go
and do that I'll put a link down in the
description you can also check out my
last video right over there
my vlogs are right over there it makes
you scribe cuz I make new videos every
Monday and Thursday in the first lady
and I so come on what's here you want to
try my outro it's a little bit
complicated but you know it's you know
it's earth okay so a game one love one
love there it is
superwoman super I am to impress tryna
that is a wrap that is a wrap and Zoop
we're so gold you are so bold
