hello hello I got a fashion hello
won't you sing Chandigarh sector 17
video making today lilies happy birthday
she turning 26 27 wait how wait Lily how
old you are huh shut up okay doesn't
matter because you still not married
dumb head
today we decide for Lily birthday we
going to give her a break okay we go to
make video for her happy birthday she
does have to relax you know not do
stupid things like draw a beard on her
face and do work like that
that's so dumb okay she should be
partying with her friends not dressing
up like man like some pathetic loser
loner right today we decide we're going
to tell you all our favourite and best
memory about Lily okay but don't worry
we have very short list is going to be
very small video what did you get
deliver bro
what do you mean I'm our dad this
already happy birthday huh I give her
bars
how'd you come to a birthday with her
birth huh what is your favorite never oh
yeah one time I say something to Lily
but she didn't say something back you
know why she got her wisdom teeth
removed she couldn't talk
very amazing one time in 2002 she shut
up it was so bloody nice she look at
that old ugly world I'll shop you can't
talk dumb godly sub W you stay quiet
over there you drink your soup it was
dead what it was Wow
you know sometime really dress up very
nice look this picture you see this one
look she dressed in like nice indian
girl look opera
wait who these people who there's a guy
who the bloody hell just got lily this
your boyfriend
you know she very funny and her body
very fat you I'm very proud of Liza but
you say Lily or Liza
doesn't matter happy birthday cutie how
is really a job you know that show
stranger things like that you're very
special kid with very important power
very strong you know you see these
people you think she she's going to make
a difference in this world
brave kid you know they make you feel
good and safe to be strong you know
those kids in stranger thing they find
that scary monster really exactly like
that monster just like and we like the
bloody kids that's like we can to stop
this crazy face okay she don't know we
went I am 11 what do you think about
this new power machine this one oh it's
very great it make me want to listen to
French Montana know yet that song don't
stop
puff that puff that don't stop what -
popping popcorn you know that's the song
right like what is going to pop no
popcorn machine her friend give her this
one right very cute you know what her
friend should have given instead yeah
Gemma membership of this race no you
think I expected to be dressed up as my
mom on my birthday and doing this
instead of getting drunk right now
object I mean you know so many kids they
lovely they love her you know this point
in her life I think maybe these kids
should be her own kid not these random
strangers on the internet being super
economy's how my team super India team
super Singapore team super Trinidad team
super Pluto I haven't even anywhere you
go to teams you put it down to that you
might go to more other day I'm getting
in my car go driving home like this a
cool guy someone come it is and I say
why who the bloody hat you are which is
it I am team super parking lot
I said go ready home do you sing with a
happy birthday you mean like a rap song
you mean like Reedy Oh
no no no I'm too shy no I could never no
no I get it happy birthday to you people
happy birthday to sue me happy birthday
Ryu thank you who's the birthday gun any
fun words yes Lily I'm almost proud of
you okay
and I know in my heart right here in my
heart that you want to be okay and one
day you going to do something decent you
know do a very special day today the
birthday of Serena Williams a bloody
great woman okay
also Lily I love you because you my
daughter happy birthday darling
happy birthday also wait one second
before we leave
you know Lily's birthday today and she
decides she want to give you something
you know she bloody working day and
night so bloody hard on this book how to
be boss
one year ago released submit her book
proposal and today she won't be shared
with you the final tower were booked you
now please enjoy this feature
presentation
Oh
hit me now
we are
ah
Oh
what up t-shirt reference hope you
enjoyed that video is very happy
birthday and all I want for my birthday
is for you to help a girl go to school
in Kenya Halle last quick question you
should go ahead and buy my girl love
Rafiki today is the reason I made this
whole thing for my birthday so I hope
you support the cause all the proceeds
go to sending girls in Kenya to school
the link is in the description look how
awesome and looks it looks so cool that
you can check out my last video right
over there you juggle my blogs right
over there yeah she's web does I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
I would love for you to be here and
thank you for all the birthday wishes
y'all me feel so special today and I
love it now we got beats on be fat
I love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
Seth :
