stop stop look at me look into my eyes
this video is for fun so have fun with
me
whatever wanted to girl superwoman so as
per usual I asked my audience what do
you want to see you for super Thursday
and I got a few people saying how do you
feel about Brangelina aka the news that
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt are
divorcing and I thought that's a really
good idea so I thought I'd take a seat
today you know get comfortable pull
myself a drink
mmm unicorn pee do some vocal warm-ups
yeah and talk about this because I think
it's really really important my thoughts
about brand Julie and I see I feel like
it's none of my damn business
I straight up here here's a list of
things that are my business okay my
bowel movements okay the fact that my
bra never fits straight up my nipples
just like the last person I texted my
recent emojis and that's not least my
actual business but when I own and
operate those things are my business
Brangelina is nowhere on this list right
okay there is much on this list as
Donald Trump is on Santa's nice list
speaking of which don't you think we
have bigger issues than Brangelina you
cannot see them on this list but they
are nowhere on this list they're not my
business in fact they're not your
business they're no one's business but
people out here trying to leave Yelp
reviews people have to try a new go map
some and find out their hours of
operation if you open my briefcase you
will find paperwork pens vodka no grin
Jelena they're not my business I could
never offer them employee benefits if
their teeth were brach I couldn't help
them I could never give them a raise
because they're not my business and also
because they're millionaires okay my
raise would be like the opposite of
Snoop Dogg not very high what do I think
about Brad Pitt I don't know I've never
met him what do I think about Angelina
Jolie I think she's a great actress
people here are invested in this drama
straight-up stockholders shareholders in
this drama and it just confuses me
because I'm like why are you so involved
people are acting like they consummated
the marriage
if you consummate information if you are
watching this video you can truthfully
say that on their wedding night you had
a threesome with Angelina Jolie and Brad
Pitt
what's the heckler you want you're doing
your name should be high as f if you had
a threesome with them your life should
be too busy and terms to be dealing with
this basic drum and you should be making
a rap album right now that y'all check
out my mixtape mr. and mrs. and mrs.
Smith just straight up at yo got
Maleficent horny I'm talking about on
her head say what up to Troy y'all Fight
Club is that my bed huh what up t-shirt
reference get future on the remix yeah
yeah but isn't there a fatwa just a good
measure
I don't want Judah Fight Club me but
maybe give us some soak off there owe me
one get down and fight club your bum
Bobby
fight club your bump up quit Fight Club
get your bum ba I'm confused why people
are so invested because y'all are not
there divorce lawyer nor are you one of
their adopted kids okay les your age and
foreigners f you do not qualify it's
like someone asked you to be involved in
this situation structure is a list of
people that asked you to be involved in
this situation that's my ring light
ignore that a chick ain't fine you wait
one second one second my bad here is the
list of people that told you the
involved in situation okay and here are
a list of people with a soul that told
you to be involved in situations no one
beside the reflection of my ring light
what annoys me the most is the media is
out you're pitting Jennifer Aniston and
Angelina Jolie against each other like
why it does that can be like that why
does one woman's pain have to equal
another woman's happiness we're more
evolved in that where's the girl love
how do you know what Jennifer Aniston
feels like y'all know you're acting like
Monica and Ross and you know nothing so
just pick back one woman gets divorced
so another woman must be happy here's a
better headline people use 140
characters don't have any real character
people use hashtags can't hash out their
own life problems these are real people
with lives just because they're rich and
famous it doesn't take away from the
fact that there are people okay
we don't even give our closest friends
our passcode to our phone because we
respect our privacy we want our privacy
but we all have been grand Gelinas
bushes just like boop boop
so to answer your question what do I
think about Brangelina in the most
humble and respectful way I think my
to-do list is way too long for me to
pretend like I matter in this situation
having said all that this is just my
opinion feel free to disagree I
understand this is how the entertainment
industry functions my opinion not the
fact I know the difference so that is my
response to the Brangelina situation
okay and if you don't agree then pat
back but if you do agree go ahead and
share this video
why oh no I just want you're done and
you know what pet vet is from then we
can be friends
yes that was a hint hey what is he doing
I had the sound effect I have the sound
effect it's called shiny ding why did I
do myself
I don't know I don't know I don't know
mm no you enjoyed that video I know a
little bit different but I thought it
was a current event and everyone was
talking about and asked me about us I
thought what what the hey why not I hope
you had a fantastic day I really really
hope you did and if you didn't yell
that's okay it happens sometimes
tomorrow's a new day and even today if
there still time the day it's never too
late to turn around so I hope you are
inspired and growing and happy and all
of those things in the video I didn't
mention girl up and have something
exciting to tell you in case you missed
my last video I did officially launch my
girl love rafiki's the bracelet I'm
wearing right now my birthday's in a few
days and I'm asking my audience to give
me the birthday gift of you supporting
the cause and buying Rafiki none of the
money goes to me all the proceeds go to
women's education the link is in the
description signal goes on until
September 30th so if you want to grab
yourself one of those go ahead and do
that and that you can check out my last
video which is my kenya experience where
i talk about it my second blog channel
is right there click subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday I really like beer you know
that would be swell and I I'm tempted to
say if you weren't here I would miss you
even though I don't know you personally
I feel like I would and thus I am saying
that superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
also if you care at all about this we
were nominated for streamys Entertainer
of the Year you want to vote you can go
ahead and do that the information in the
description but also don't waste too
much of your time doing that
