yeah we have something to tell you one
two three
spread girl that was no rehearse that
came naturally this is insane
this is amazing cuz I'm in a different
world right now we are not on the planet
that we were whoa I've never been even
been to the continent of Africa
so I had no idea what to expect I've
traveled along the world I've seen a lot
of places life but it's gonna be another
place go different animals something
will might kill me maybe a different
climates be very very hot be sweating
all the time I landed the first things I
got off the plane and I was like it is
cold I'm in the rock the plane took me
to the wrong place because of North
Americans we think Africa's always hot
no it is definitely cold in the mornings
night
one of the main reasons I came to Kenya
was to partner with me to we and create
a girl love Rafiki bracelet I had a
chance to visit the Design Center and
that was really cool because I got to
see my Rafiki design come to life
I mean prior to the trip I had phone
calls and sent email after email about
colors and vibe but to see it in real
life
it was really overwhelming there's only
been a few times in my life where I felt
like I've given birth to a child just
know what tour movie this was one of
those moments when I saw it I was like
this is my baby
think I work so hard on this exactly
what I wanted it to be and it just
represents so much to me it represents
not only being fashionable girl of but
doing something about it no you see this
could possibly be one of the coolest
moments of my entire life right now look
at this this is the girl love bracelet
look at it look at it look at it watch
it like I'm about to learn how to make
one just yummy but my mom would be so
proud
so do I start this is my website Esther
you can stop with beat something like
okay got it
how long does it take to make one and we
finished my 15 minutes 15 minutes yeah
and then took me three hours oh my god
so basically each one will be unique
because this is the recipe in here
though and then I'm gonna go like this
and get them on it you will be different
I made by hand
that's so cool that was like 15 ish
heading to the Masai Mara before
necessary awesome Masai Mara we landed
oh my god
we landed on the grass in the middle of
a vast piece of land when we're landing
I saw a zebra can we just can we just
take him hello can we stick him I saw a
zebra well we landed like out of my
airplane window Kiboko pokeball go
that's right look at that bit just
there's chillin in the back live long
right now everything was living in
complete harmony all the animals are
coexisting with the channels and Wow
humans could really take a page out of
this pug and learn from this this
morning I woke up it was the first
morning in since I can remember that I
couldn't go through Instagram and
Twitter and my email since I woke up in
bed now just lying there like do I just
wake up now and it's so different it's
like a totally different set of
priorities in life and morning routine I
had the honor of Hannah conversation
with my mama's who by the way is my new
slot just saying because they're so
funny and so fun and just so positive
I think one of the things that caught me
most off-guard and you see it when
you're driving and the kids run up to
the car and they like saying gentlemen
it's huge fly on the face same with when
I went to the environment center it's
the authenticity of their reactions even
myself I'm guilty of always being
robotic Leon like how are you good how
are you it's just a phrase it's what we
kiss a pattern what we say a nice to
meet you nice to meet you too and I
think what hit me like a wave fresh air
was I went in there just the smile and
reaction was so genuine that you cannot
fake we were beating bracelets and I was
telling but girl loving they're telling
about their life and their often and
beautiful look how beautiful with
they're just so happy with the
opportunities you have to be it was part
of their culture before and now they get
to do it and get an income from it and
they're just so genuinely grateful for
that
this is the Internet you can bang one of
the MoMA said that she was married off
at 50 because her family traded off her
husband for a cow and the blanket needs
a pound
and she will trade that for that you
will trade out for that when she's
around 15 years
did you do this did you do that she got
treated for the out of my
great adieu if a husband he is five and
she said that laughing as if it was like
that's what happens I'm telling a joke
and I was just like a cow and a blanket
ask me the number one question is how
old am I am i Meriden do I have kids and
they're all astonished that I'm 27 years
old and I'm not married not yet and they
made fun of me and I was like mom is
that you when I was asked them questions
about their kids or their life or their
daily doings the answers were so simple
what are your kids want to be and it was
my daughter wants to be a lawyer we
thought it was my doctor and then
there's me my friends they're like
actress singer wanted dancer all these
things that they are probably just out
of their realm of reality because they
know what they need and they want to
fulfill those needs and so that was
really inspirational for me to hear
because I just made me realize how
blessed I am to go up to my parents and
say I want to make youtube videos Wow we
complain about so much stuff but back
home
just a little bit of try know you live
in LA morning so we were told last night
that we got to be here at 7:00 a.m. on
the dot to go for a walk and we're told
if you come at 7:00 8:00 703 we gonna
leave without you so I woke up at 6:45
roll out of bed and landed here along
with all these people people it's seven
oh seven right now and these people just
showing up this disrespectful
disrespecting me
I think these 20 people right here I
guess people buffer in time for that
they know they're always late Jack's
been seven oh seven remember this guy
good morning
it's good afternoon now he's I'm not
we're going for this one you know I
would never agree to wake my seven
o'clock for anything but Winnie was I
like for the vlog it's gonna be dope and
it's a good great experience so I best
see like a giraffe riding a rhino right
now I bet see when you're riding a hippo
right now I better see everything great
right now I'm trying to see Mufasa
resurrect from the dead right now
now I must carry some water like a
mama's do so I things like 1.5
kilometers and they carry and there's
five times a day and it weighs about 50
pounds weight a tribe a once one of the
responsibilities of daughters is to
fetch water so I can take hold a can do
many hours and so that's why girls don't
go school that boggles my mind like a
girl can go to school fishes of fetch
water coming from where I'm from which
is like let me turn on Vitalik this is
no part of my day
why would I even consider this Kingdom
at you my time so what we treated it as
set up a well and water system at the
school so that girls can go to school
and still fulfill the response
getting water I'm really excited for
tomorrow because we are visiting one of
the schools that we charity is built and
we're going to speak to the students so
the girls are attend to school this week
and in Savannah and these bracelets
listen right now
they employ 1401 which is a lot of women
and that income lets them are you closed
that's the kids go to school which
otherwise they wouldn't have done well
they also let their daughters go to
school because prior to the income they
got these bracelets only some to go to
school
so now it's recording so now this will
go on the internet so is there anything
you want to say to the internet or say
to the world this one right here
you guys see her in movies soon junior
superstar superstar in the making right
now what's your name my name is Vicky
and what is your name s my name is this
and I came from the school now we're in
a Vicki's house cuz she's gonna talk
show me at a party and dance and she's
she's a really cute bracelet class I'm
just very funny
I can't oh no we just went for this
school and now we're going to the house
I'm gonna walk dinner's 20 minutes away
right and I promise off actually good I
love it that's where she lives and iris
leave her family and I think what took
you back the most is that you know it's
a very small space that it's very little
life it was very different for animals
too
as a privileged North American I'm just
so used to always wanting more
and always complaining and always not
being satisfied and being surrounded by
people that are trying to be
technological advances upset about their
grades upset about something at work and
then you meet people at Lincoln or
famine that are in a dark family room
with h1n1 posters a steak or in their
family room that are smiling so largely
be so hospitable offer this child for
just lunch
come back any time thank you so much for
visiting us in a living space that was a
huge I the biggest lesson I learned from
today through the water for the school's
the damaja is juicing the hospitals is
that when I'm sitting in North America
we're having these conversations there's
always this idea that the problem is too
big to fix it's always like yeah girls
can go to school you know people can't
afford to do things the problems way to
things don't even do about it
and then when you come here you see the
school and you see the Mamas making the
braces and you hear them say my daughter
goes to school because I'm making these
bracelets you're like the prom is
actually not too big to fix if you just
start to fix it
a few years ago there's a really bad
drought in East Africa um usually the
income from beating goes towards clothes
like I said in just a better life but
during the drought a lot of animals died
while he was on food so the income on
the bracelets actually went into their
basic survival food and water and so
this organization these bracelets of
this structure didn't exist
people would have died that's like a how
can you say they shoes too big people
would have died if it wasn't for this
three stranded bracelet embarassed I've
done a lot of things in my life but this
is by far one of the most important I
hope you will join me in supporting
women's education and spreading girl
love around the world this month for my
birthday I'm asking you for a gift to
purchase a girl love Rafiki and support
those who are less privileged than you
and I I've met the girls I've visited
the schools and I've seen the impact
firsthand it's not our job to be a
witness of humanity but rather be an
active member of it girl love we're in
this together
