what I wanted to go somewhere welcome to
ask superwoman live oh my god I'm so
excited
I don't know why particularly excited
this ask supermodels probably gonna have
a bazillion things to tell you and
they're all so damn exciting and I'm
just over the moon um I just watched I'm
watching my live stream right now and I
can see that my whole interval cut and
it started with you going sometimes
whole thing starting over
whatever welcome to that supervinlin now
in your brain resume we're gonna spend
the next hour together it's gonna be
phenomenal I've so many things to tell
you I'm going to give y'all shout out to
answer your questions you want to join
the conversation
use the hashtag ask superwoman live I
would love for this party to get bigger
so please tweet and please Facebook call
your friends go to your neighbor's house
send a raven weather app you need to do
that yo everyone else I know on the
planet hello what are you doing let me
tell you what you should be doing you
should be watching ask some room alive
so tell everybody to get their booties
here let's get this thing popping I got
my popcorn I got my drank I'm ready I'm
feeling myself I'm feeling myself to
have a really good time um so let me
tweet let me do some things you are the
general housekeeping things and then
this time it started I also just want to
point out real quick that my hair is
currently open it wasn't like this I
opened it because I was gonna livestream
because I was like let me try to look
good at the Alicia Keys vibes going on
no makeup oh natural because I love
myself you should love yourself also um
but I'm saying all this because it's
really hot and intersecting the gonna
type my hair and I'm gonna go back to
looking like a 9 year old boy and so I
wanted you to take in this right now
this effort that I put in so you can
know that for four minutes of asks of
whom live I did this for you ok that's
some first date effort right there I'm
neither nighttime night let me share
them shit boy hold on all right hold on
yeah excited when I do
okay I am live right now join me boom
Shakalaka so I just tweeted it you can
retweet it you can do whatever you like
or you could also just do nothing at all
because you don't care and that's
completely fine I am now officially
tying up my hair so every future person
that joins us live stream please tweet
and comment at them and let them know
that yo before you got here
look II was looking damn fine with your
open hair and a hell of a lot of effort
and yes oh there's already not eight
else are you watching I'm still thinking
oh my god my hair tight already popped
open jeez I just want to point out how
OnPoint my armpits look right I could
just take a moment I mean throw a little
bit actually but for the most part that
all right look all right
all right there's nine thousand of you
here do not let me think that's a total
of so many things
I'll start my telling in like four
minutes you'll get give some time for
people to accumulate and have a party um
well I guess you can join the
conversation this is your first row you
and you never been here before welcome
all so that would be really interesting
to know if it's the first time you've
ever watched asks involving live tweet
me and let me know III Superman I I um I
would like to know that and you can
tweet me ask questions and just say
random stuff to me good hit on me you
can say you want to touch my booty
whatever you want to do you can do it um
and we're gonna have a good time
together first and foremost it is
September 14th which means that in 12
days I'm turning into an older person
when I only bring this up because my
recent trip to Singapore was so I've
never had this happen before I went to
Singapore and my event was on like oh my
god I remember and the time I first it
was a few days ago and seems superstar
sing me happy birthday I'm like my
birthday's not for another 20 days my
friends but this is my birthday month
we're gonna talk more about that in a
little bit because I actually want I'm
openly telling you that I want you to
get me a birthday gift I want you to get
me birthday gift now I'm gonna tell you
what it is very soon oh you will get to
that it'll also go tell you some
exciting news blade to my personal life
which is very cool because it does kind
of impact you as well um getting married
sorry I couldn't even I couldn't even
hold it for a minute and then we had to
talk about my upcoming events events you
can see me at if you so choose to do so
and some new features on our channel
right here are what we're gonna discuss
so I'll call thousands of you yeah but
what happened good time hope you're
sitting with a friend sitting with your
mom sitting with your brother your
sister dog whatever we bout to get lit
all right let's go onto Twitter right
now um while you ask questions I will
first tell you about my upcoming events
so those of you that may or may not know
I love the organization we meet we we
date and I performed at many we days
including Ottawa and LA and one more
that I'm not remembering right now but I
am going to be performing a tweet a
Minnesota so if your school is going to
lead in Minnesota I will be there
speaking I'll also be speaking and
performing at we day Toronto on October
19th and the whole squad is performing
with me we're gonna be performing IV i
v-i so we do Minnesota we a Toronto
you're going to each of those you won't
catch a girl I'm gonna preciate your
support you want to make a sign I will
call you out I will take pictures of
your signs
it was appreciate your love and support
so just putting that out there into the
world okay number two and I'm gonna
recap all this to talk a lot and an
hours a lot of times we talk you I can
say mad a shit out okay number two
amazing you so YouTube has launched a
brand new feature and only 12 channels
in the world 12 channels have access to
it one of them is our channel right here
they must have seen how cute you are and
they're like yo we gotta give this to
you super so what I want you to do is if
you're watching this on your phone or if
you're watching this on your computer
the future works on both but if you
watch it on your phone it might stop
this stream so let's just listen to it
first but if you're watching on a
computer you could do it right now all
you have to do is open another tab so
that you can continue watching me and
you go to my channel so you don't have
to with those watch my channel price
basically go to my channel youtube.com
slash Lilly Singh and
usually you'll see a whole bunch of tags
I'm going to do with you right now
usually you'll see a whole bunch of tabs
that say home videos playlists now
there's a new one that says community
that was never there before only twelve
channels have it when you click on
community this is a new place for us
team super as unicorns to communicate so
I can post pictures I can post videos
that are like secret that armed on my
main channel icon a normal upload it
would just be for that stream I can post
a whole point to think and you can reply
and it's a place we don't have to leave
YouTube have a conversation with me and
it's not comments it's different so
check it out your community features
there I post selfies on that I post news
I'll post blog posts I'll post
everything and we could talk and you
don't have to leave you do you don't
need a Facebook your Twitter your
anything you just do that so it's very
very cool so I'm going to be giving away
a shout-out on the community tab today
just put that on your radar but it's
very super cool
Oh 14,000 I'll do people get hurt in the
community tab that's what's going on I'm
just asking answering your questions now
and shut up but I still have so many
more things to tell you about that are
very very exciting all right all right
here we go it's going to Twitter what
questions team super DC asks um no I
never said to ask me questions ask me
questions using the hashtag I ain't no
good at my job
hashtag - I take ask superwoman I always
will hashtag with an H at the end like
some pretty ugly word like hashtag I
always do that ask me questions hashtag
ask super mine and I'll answer right
because cuz that's how this works
right oh my god so seem team super DC
asks what what is a movie to watch over
and over again and still love there's so
many um white chicks for sure
bridesmaids
love neighbors one and two um I think
those are the ones I've watched over and
over again probably also Hunger Games
around for life I really like Hunger
Games that's my answer
okay more questions
No Nick says this is my first time
actually watching your livestream can I
touch your booty Nick welcome those I
don't know I do a livestream on 14th of
every single month I mean it might not
be good but I do it no I tried no this
is my time so just for an hour's not be
scripted to be myself with you and Nicky
is legal a warnings kind to the first
time in wearing this times the first
time Nixon first one to touch them first
and only probably love to be real okay
um well you Carmen asks will you ever
get used to people coming up to you
while you're shopping um probably not
the mall is one of the places where I
actually do get a little bit anxious and
nervous and people approach me not in a
bad way just more of a like because
sometimes people won't approach me and
they'll just follow me or like I can
hear the whispering that makes me feel
anxious
um and I won't get used to it simply
because like every time I'm like it's so
sweet and I love it so yeah I don't
think I would enjoy my laid-back unless
it's like Oh rudely done no I don't mind
it but I don't think I'll ever get used
to it
and Alex whitey addict asks what is the
most thing you look I'm gonna I think
it's a typo but I think it's what do you
like most about the book boss book you
already know that's one things I'm gonna
talk about technically my book is due
tomorrow oh why am I still doing this
live stream I not even though my book is
due tomorrow dice off so much to do cuz
I love you I love you and I want to keep
my word that on the 14th of every month
I do a live stream okay but my book is
here um this is my chapter outline how
my chapters printed it's a lot it's a
whole thing the whole the best part of
the book for me is that I really am
communicating in a way I've never done
so before
so the comedy in the book is different
from the comedy my videos different from
a comedy in my live show it's like a
different format so I'm allowed to
communicate to Hawaiian exciting and I
think the park was my favorite is like I
genuinely like what I'm writing like
after I write a chapter and I read it
and even my editor when she flies she's
like I really like this chapter like I
think it's really good I think it's
really helpful it's really real it's not
like you wanna be a boss and like
we'll even do this no it's like real
advice on real things I've learned in my
life from real people there's lessons
from Jimmy Fallon from Duane from when I
met Selina from when I went on a tour
from when like all these lessons that
I've picked up are in the book for real
and I think they're gonna be really
really helpful no matter what you're
doing in life I think we'll fight so
yeah dad for shop um- that I will tell
you the least favorite part of writing
the book is I had my brain I was like yo
for the next month I'm not doing nothing
but just write my book that apparently
is not a thing every day something is
thrown my way too much I do this ready
drive my book so time is a little bit of
a little brubber issue in exactly six
minutes I'm gonna tell you how you can
win the first shadow of a super malavika
Muse and I'll write your name on this
paper all the paper I'll make out with
the paper and essentially be making out
with you and give you a shadow in
exactly six minutes so stick around all
right stick around all right hold on
wait one second we need to check on on
my social things you guys honestly I'm
really bad at live-streaming like
there's so much things you have to do
like the screen I don't my Facebook or
Twitter my utility just it's just like
requires a lot of multitasking and I'm
just very bad at it
I'm just very bad at it okay can we go
before I answer some more questions I'm
going to tell you about a few things one
we're already talking about my book to
sound I'm not gonna make this whole life
from the Bernabeu but if you want to buy
my book you can do so the link is in the
description it is Lily sink book calm if
you don't want to buy the book half the
book don't buy the book okay um it is a
guide on how to conquer life not just
survive it it is something I really
believe in and I think it's really truly
helpful so if that sounds exciting to
you it is available in most places in
the world on Amazon indigo in all these
places
um the puter link is right there it does
come up March 28th 2017 but pre-order
story map because I want to give y'all a
head start
alright I'm in US dollars it's like 23
26 dollars something like that I don't
know what that equals wherever you is
yeah
I just got off a call and it had to do
with a book tour you already knew that
was coming I'm literally gonna tell you
no details about it except for the fact
that I just had a call about the book
tour and you know I'm gonna try to make
it as global as possible and as awesome
as possible
um so keep that on your radar if y'all
want to start asking your parents one
year in advance this is your warning to
do so March and April of 2017 I will be
going on a book tour so go you have so
many months to do dishes do tour chores
if you need to get your parents
permission to do that um but yeah so
that's everything about my book that you
need to know and I have some more things
to tell you okay if you're not sitting
down you can sit down because it's some
good news there's some big news
you see sit down sit to put it out right
now okay I'm sick now I'm ready so if
you watch my blog you know that there
was a chance it's not confirmed there
was a chance but I will be moving out of
the lily pad and now you might be
sitting there like I don't give an F and
that's fair and that's right but for me
this is a very big deal um I've been
think since time I've been renting this
place since I moved in December and I
haven't been here that long
not even a year but I don't want to rent
for a long time because I that is I want
to invest my money and I don't want to
give my money my rent constantly keeps
going up and eccentric cetera um I have
seen so many places and I have not liked
any of them because I'm so picky
yesterday I went to a place and I was
like it was the closest feeling that
I've had to when I saw this apartment I
was like I think I really like this
place it made me feel really good and so
I was such an adult yesterday and I put
an offer in to buy the home I put the
offer in it doesn't make like Stefan
that doesn't mean it's happening doesn't
mean confirmed but I did put the offer
and meeting it could happen which means
that the lilypad not going to go
anywhere because the lily pad is right
here really pad his home and homeless
people but lily pad will be a
place possibly within the upcoming
months super adult super scary I am
terrified but I'm excited to go on this
journey with you I know what you're all
thinking I had the same question where
is the unicorn going the unicorn cloudy
literally saved my first and only
concern we will find a place in the new
lily pad for the unicorn shouldn't
happen but I really need your support
throughout that whole process because
I'm so terrified and scared also very
excited but yeah I'm so nervous I
haven't even taken a bite of my popcorn
yet how unlike me right I know okay in
one minute I'm gonna tell you you can
win the first shout out it is gonna
happen on Facebook so you can hang on to
facebook.com slash high school night I
pop code just for my mouth um I will be
even wait for a shout-out there someone
give you a minute to do that
facebook.com slash iisuperwomanii
uh and while you're there if you have no
you done so okay click the like button
because what are you doing not as effort
okay
you've made it nineteen minutes thus far
my nose is not achieve world record
let's not jinx it touch black okay and
then going on to Facebook Facebook la la
la okay what was I gonna do again right
okay boo okay so I'm going to say I'm
doing a super woman live right now one
eight live showed up by clicking share
on my news really enjoy after I might
wanna say let's make make it easy make
using a name parents yeah to side to
side like Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj
isn't this so entertaining you watching
tonight I basically posted something on
Facebook right on it's like Indian
parents react to side to side by Arden
Grande and Nicki Minaj and all you have
to do to win a live shot up is it quick
you click share and I will pick one of
the people in a couple minutes to give a
shout out to so do two things one click
share and to comment on that posting
done so I know that picture um that so
go you can go
if you want if you don't care what a
shout-out then you'll don't waste your
kind of I'm saying always your time in
the meantime I'm a continue answering
your questions is my phone not on
silence
geez Louise okay who asks what Maheen
asks favorite song at the moment okay um
that seems a lot of Michelle Montana but
that's not you because this is old album
I took this into it over and over again
um
fifth harmony I'm listening to a lot as
well you know what else I'm listening to
um um mostly fifth harmony particularly
all in my head it's not new but I I just
we like song so yeah um one question
then nah um dude did you do today what
are these questions what other um
I should ask I mean my friends are
running a campaign about spreading
happiness at school tips advice also
first time ask super reliable welcome
um hi I would say my advice is that
happiness is subjective
so it's a very difficult topic to
discuss because what makes you happy
might not make someone else happy and
vice versa
so I would say the number one thing is
make sure all opinions are welcomed when
you do anything to make sure all
opinions and viewpoints are welcome
especially when you're dealing with the
subject as abstract as happiness well
that sounds really great and I'm proud
of you for doing such a positive
campaign that makes me very happy
right here is be happy right here okay
um what is your favorite tattoo on your
body asks Holly will only have three you
can see them all right now um if it is
this one because it's just so crisp and
everyday it surprises me a little bit
like cuz it peeks out of my clothes just
like that and I'm like oh yeah
I had that and sometimes it's just it's
like love and then when it's like this
you like what is your time to say
because just as one so it's a
conversation starter and I appreciate
that um if you haven't yet done so I
don't know what your facebook.com slash
Lilly so I'm in sorry / - oh man I I
click share on my latest video my
dispose composing done and you could win
a shout out Nestle's crackle I have
right now oh yeah mmm mmm mmm ah mum
pushes questions questions okay here we
go oh yes yes
some Salamis I catch Zedd Goldstar asks
of a subject of Marcel his movies coming
out are you gonna watch it I absolutely
am Masha has a movie called Baz OD that
came up and the official soundtrack is
IV i v-i so if you want to go support
that um search Bazeley ba z OD ee or if
you're in America ba ze z OU de I still
supposed to wrong but the joke was dead
versus Z you get my drift
I'm gonna support that yesh and tell
Michelle that I love me okay let me tell
you about one more thing and this is I'm
so if I don't everything I'm talking
about I'm most excited about this so
literally stop everything you're doing
and pay attention to me because I want
attention right now I'm craving
attention okay so September 26 is my
happy birthday
that's not important what is important
is what I would like you to give me for
my birthday
and yes I am blatantly telling you that
I want you to give me something for my
birthday which is very unlike me I'm
going to explain as you may or may know
I recently went to Kenya um with Frieda
children with me to eat which is a great
organization they hold the we day events
and as you also know I have a campaign
called girl up which I am with each
passing day more and more passionate
about so passionate about gender
equality feminism all that stuff um and
it's a conversation for men and women I
love when we can all come together and
discuss it long story short I have a
collaboration with Frieda children a
charitable project and it goes a little
something like this
so when I was in Kenya I visited a
school that me too we built
I visited the hospitals they built they
basically adopt villages and build
schools and hospitals and give people a
chance to go to school and there's a lot
of reasons why girls in particular don't
get to go to school and
yeah one of them being their household
obligations like fetching water it's
also really expensive to go to school in
Kenya and so if a family can only afford
to send one child or like we can send
their son loitering sure there's a lot
of girls don't go to school and then if
they do go to school it's very very
expensive so I have created a and
anymore how to present this to basically
before I tell you in the particular
community I visited in their culture the
women culturally beat a lot like so bead
bracelets and jewelry that's part of
their culture
so Minah we basically went and said hey
this is already part of your culture and
why don't we try to provide you with an
income by selling these bracelets I have
created a girl love bracelet it is the
one I keep wearing it looks like this
and you can wear as a necklace or anklet
I words embrace it I put it on my hand
three times just like that it employs so
I'm not telling you made-up things I
went to Kenya and saw this firsthand
this bracelet employs 1,400 women
majority approve my mothers who then use
that money to send their kids to school
more the case in most cases their
daughters to school the sale of these
bracelets in the store in Toronto and
also they sell them online the profits
go towards giving girls scholarships to
go to school so in two separate ways
they help girls go to school in Kenya
this is not me telling you what I think
happens based off an email I went to
Africa met the girls met the moms I made
this bracelet with them with my own
hands and I saw the impact that these
bracelets can make so from September
20th to 30th these bracelets will be on
sale in the store in Toronto but more
importantly online available for
purchase I know in u.s. or Canadian
dollars it's 15 1 5 I don't know what
that converts to wherever you are in the
world but the profit from these
bracelets I cannot emphasize you what a
difference it makes to the girls in
Kenya
it would mean so much to me if for my
birthday you somehow managed to save up
15 Canadian dollars to buy this bracelet
because it's going to make such a
difference that is my mom for a birthday
I want everyone on the planet to buy
this Rafiki it says it's very cool if
the colors are very pretty at least I
think is a little tag that says me too
we and there will also be in the final
version a tag says girl up on it an
official girl up tag so you'll have 10
days in September 20th to September 30th
to buy them um and I would love nothing
more than you to support this cause I
believe me so much that's all I say the
rest is up to you there will be a video
on my channel that talks more about it
closer to the day I want to give you a
heads up because I know a lot of times
some of you need to ask your parents for
permission etc um so now you have 6 days
before they go on sale to do so so
that's it that's what I want to say now
in 10 seconds I'm going to refresh
Facebook I'm going to give one of you a
shout out right I can't forget my eat my
popcorn what is wrong with me I've
changed I'm changed I'm literally
changed but throwing gum mm-hmm-hmm I
just saw on Twitter someone asks how do
you buy them my slip will be online so
I'll promote the website once it goes
live on September 20th you can buy it
online and you live in Toronto in the
Eaton Centre there is also me to be
store so that you can buy the bracelet
in those two ways so from a majority of
the world it's gonna be online
ok I'm refreshing in 5 4 3 2 1
you go oh my god hey there's so many
people let me pick one I got the one I'm
going to write your name on this paper
me one second in the meantime while I'm
writing this you should hug yourself
because why not
okay um I a drawer I'm not gonna lie the
sound of this marker on this paper is
kind of hurting my cheek um okay I'm
writing your name right now don't want
to spell it wrong mm mm mm hmm wait wait
and then BOOM oh I never promised that
my writing was nice I just promised I
would give a shout out so the person
does not want a shout out if your name
starts with a you did not win the
shelter I'm so sorry to get your hopes
up like that I just not you it's not you
maybe next time there's still two more
to go if your name is rhythm go but
thank you so much for sharing and
commenting you said I'm loving the live
stream and book tour March April I'm not
okay also new lily pad I have attachment
issues hope a jet lag is better now um
thank you that means that you watch my
vlogs and you know all about everything
I do and I very much appreciate that
so rhythm this is for you if you missed
it don't worry after I'm done this live
stream will be on my channel and you can
make watch it over and over again and
pause and screenshot it thank you so
much rhythm and I appreciate you being
so involved with team super and if you
didn't win there's still two more
opportunities during this live stream to
win the second one will be on Twitter
they'll go to someone that uses the
hashtag ask citroen live so keep
tweeting and then I'm gonna click on
that hashtag and I guess the person
who's used it the most is going to come
to the top and they're gonna win the
chatter so
second one the second one and then and
oh my god thirty minutes already done
like 31 minutes left
oh my life is so unfair okay with God if
you're just watching by the way and you
just joined in you're like what the hell
is going on here welcome to a super moon
live it's one hour of positivity goofing
around we can connect non-scripted get
to know each other a little bit better
because I know on my main channel you
get to see the whole life what if it's
real superhuman a joke joke joke this is
me unscripted with no makeup on
oh no my nose is gonna get you god damn
it and I get to tell you is near
exciting in my life and I get to talk to
you so welcome things before you disgust
my book I will go on book tour March
April next year so you should start
begging right now if you need to thank
so many thanks someone then yo what's
stopping depending right you can also go
to my book at releasing book calm I'm
second is in the next coming a month I
might be moving so I will need your
utmost support if you want to follow
along that journey you can check out my
blog channel youtube.com slash soup
Roman blogs to follow on my journey
number three I will be at weed a
Minnesota and read a Toronto so if
you're going to either those events
we'll see oh girl dare before for my
birthday which is on September 26 from
September 20th to the 30th I'll be
selling a girl love with Becky's that go
towards supporting women's education in
Kenya and number five which is really
exciting is on this channel when you're
watching right now this one right now
there's a new feature called the
community tab where we can all talk and
I can give you exclusive pictures and
videos and all that stuff um so if you
look to my channel on the tab that says
videos playlist Home Instead are there's
a new chat tab called community which
we'll talk more about in a little bit
but you should definitely as a few
things you can actually turn on your
notifications in three different ways
one you can turn them on so you've got a
notification every single time I post on
that or you can select highlight so it's
like only important posts I guess or you
can just turn off and if you turn off
you can still go to that tab and check
whenever you're on my channel is it me
so yeah I'm cool twit me use the hashtag
ask Superman Len let me answer your
questions let me give you a shout out
I'm through the bang alright yes when
asked what did you have for dinner last
night
okay I'm not gonna lie I don't think I
had dinner last night I fell asleep on
the floor right there because I was
really tired here I was I was gonna
reach the ladder on the floor the floor
is not comfortable night there's no way
I'll fall asleep asleep definitely fall
asleep asleep right there and crawl to
my bed I went to bed so I don't think I
had dinner unfortunately um she's not
great
Azaria asks what are you going to do
when you hit 10 million unicorns okay
subscribers I don't know we have very
close dating ten million subscribers
we're at like nine point eight ish I
think um which means that we're gonna
get a diamond play button which is
really cool because what a certain
YouTube I was like there's no way we're
reaching million spreads that's what I
thought what I started youtubing this is
amazing I don't know well we should do
something right give me your suggestions
I would love to know what would you like
to do when we get 10 million subscribers
I don't know I can't think about it I
can't it's too far-fetched comedian
think about in a realistic way so you
let me know I'll maybe make a post about
that and you'd be like yeah what you
guys wouldn't oh sorry sorry he asks
where will you be celebrating your
birthday this year so I will actually be
in LA on the day of my birthday which is
the banks Harry because I don't think we
ever celebrate my birthday away from my
friends and family at home um that will
be here in LA and then on the weekend I
will be flying to Toronto to kind of
celebrate with my family and friends so
in LA and then the weekend in Toronto
both I guess you could say and when when
we win oh good good good Mary loves
Louie says how was meeting the first
lady for those who don't know I had the
honor went to the White House and
meeting the first lady Michelle Obama
and shooting a video with her that will
come come out at the end of this month
it was amazing
the first lady is so cool and she knew
all about the stuff we do and we sang a
little bit of Beyonce together and that
was not even for the video that was just
like what happened was is that people
a picture with us and all these guys
just like behind us and such a fast
efficient way and I was like yes boys
get in formation and then first lady
beside me she's like ok boys now let's
get in formation then meet her just like
break it down a little bit with first
date to the same it was dope she's very
cool we had a lot of really funny
moments that were captured for the video
um so yeah you're gonna have to wait
because butor actually have a little
catfight like this with each other at
one point it's very friggin adorable so
it was amazing and she's lovely
um yeah they could make it to be big day
tis mate a Tim video and I always I
always krauser name wrong I know your
name I know exactly why just can't
jeopardize a 10 bite and I know that's
not what if it can be day I hope is what
it is but um will you be changing the
video while this one no maybe actually
I'm just talking the best to replicate
that but I'm going to my I might change
some of the images just for like
security reasons that I won't get into
but it'll look pretty much the same the
same type of vibe um oh yeah don't
nothing major is going to change except
for if I do get that place it's bigger
so there's more options of where to
videos more of my friends can stay um my
family and its entirety can come visit
me including my nephew should they want
to and um yeah yeah yeah that's that
that's it okay um team super Canada asks
where's your surfboard from the Teen
Choice Awards that's a very good
question I don't know my team is still
following up with them for many rumors
of people never getting theirs I hope
that's not the cases myself I would love
to have the surfboard because I think
would be so cool in my part my apartment
and my it's my new place I get it and so
my team was gonna follow up with them
consistently so and I hope I get it
eventually
but as right now I do not know oh my God
my nose is it you know in three minutes
I'm gonna pick someone that use the
hashtag ask super live um so yeah
use the hashtag oh my god someone just
sent me a sick wall team
supermodels I just sent me a picture and
it says this is just a way to have
happiness and positivity with me
everywhere I go
and it's shoes that have my face and you
corn island and this on the girl what I
have to retweet this I'm sorry I am here
this is amazing this is amazing if you
want to know what I'm talking about you
need to go check my Twitter right now
because god damn cool
how are you brows want to the ass team
super lucky yeah
that's icing it I did fill my brows on
1% that's the only makeup I did right
now I'm just because otherwise I would
have none um yeah would you think what
you want to wha point Emma asks when you
save your team who do you mean by tea
very good question
my team consists of um manager and agent
and I had many agents of a book agent I
have a TV film agent have an overall
agent I have a touring agent I'm a
publicist I have a lawyer
um I have some assistance I have the guy
own brand manager I'm in studio 71 which
is not I have a lot of people on my team
that are very very cool um that's that's
what I mean when I say to you and Hayden
killed Lily notice humble oh boy okay
let's see what Hubble say cuz someone
has super to notice me K thanks back to
work combo I always noticed you you
won't let me not notice you gagged amaha
was a great guy
also everyone should know I went to goes
for everything humble does um represent
one humble let me see something what
humble honestly this is not even BS I
think out of everyone else I've met in
my life
I think I've learned from the most
amount of things from humble and he just
has taught me a lot about life through
just our conversations or how he acts
um I've never met someone we're so often
I'm just like I've never thought about
it like that
when I'm commenting which is very cool
very cool so home was a cool guy
also my nose is officially achieved also
today if you follow me on Twitter is the
two-year anniversary oh my god this is
just such amazing things are happening
to you today's a 2 year anniversary of
when Dwayne tweeted me so two years ago
I was sitting on the couch with humble I
think I need to pull this up right now
because hold up hold up hold up hold up
okay I'm sick a rock tweeting i
superwoman I am hold on where's that
video yo ah got it okay
so two years ago I was sitting in a
rented place this did not pull up the
video this is a lie everything's a lie
fine I'll go into my vine where I know
where it is I mean a vine downloaded on
my phone oh my god I'm failing in life
um as I get computed I thought I thought
I thought um two years about saying the
rent apartment eating cupcakes I vividly
remember sitting here humble sitting
here we're on the floor I was eating a
cupcake doing this and then I was doing
asks for live obviously because two
years ago today we're in 14th and in
industry and you just see me look to the
side and you literally conceive my heart
stopped and you see it live in video and
you see my face overcome with complete
joy I'm like oh and I freaked that effo
and that's because few years ago the
rock tweeted use the hashtag ask super
live how quickly would you pass out if I
hugged you that was exactly two years
ago and now we're like homies and I
remind him about that today he was like
I love you girl I love you girl love is
reversing love but I'm going to show you
this vine as soon as downloads I'm sorry
I don't use vine that event my old
person piggy um let me show you let me
show you let me show you let me show you
open open most of you probably already
seen this but sign up o log in if you
good logging the Twitter's I don't think
haha amazing I hate signing up for
things I'm not gonna use your name god
oh my god
many things password I have no idea let
me guess hello that is ID password
incorrect
god dammit uh-huh um is this that Oh
incorrect I am too annoyed right now
well that wait oh is this Twitter's god
I got it
shut up I got it hold on this is quality
content right here for all of you
watching this my password yes good okay
let me show you
hold on hold on hold on it's like the
first vine I literally only got mine to
this purpose the first vine I ever
posted cool okay here it is ready I'm
ready
hello okay ha ha pay attention to the
Sun when I land hold on as if like my
head is literally breaking against the
floor and humble is just like the whole
life should with me dying that was two
years ago is the moral story okay I'm
clicking on the hashtag ask Superman
live and I am your winner right now
let's do it to do it
Oh
um okay I got some I could be you I
could be writing your name oh my god my
nose is officially full-fledged icky
right now
no hey muffin while I'm doing this take
this opportunity to tell yourself all
the things you love about yourself and
hug yourself because why not no ma'am
I like youth um or to the main go others
oh my god my nose is on fire oh I really
are this I need to ask I actually
already did I need to ask a SAP science
because I went up to that one smells
like amused by the science to me of why
my nose does this and they're like oh
must be different cream are different to
them I go I do nothing nothing different
actually nothing
the only difference is I'm
live-streaming so maybe the Rays of the
livestream make my nose at your mixer
says okay anyways person one this shout
out thank you so much for watching ask
super live you said that how's your
experience going to Brazil for the first
time and for the Olympics Brazil misses
you team super Rio Gabriela thank you so
much for being here and having that
whole account dedicated to me I
appreciate that
you know when I look at this
the letters are backwards but maybe when
you're looking at it it's fine hopefully
hopefully it's fine if not you can flip
it if you miss that after I'm done this
whole life's will be on my channel you
can pause you can rewind you can do all
that stuff
there's still one more shadow to go I'll
tell you how to get that in five minutes
I've only here for 15 more minutes but
it's okay because after this happen and
I have to I'm going to shoot a cloud
with Tula and I'm going to work on my
book and since CM says something very
funny which is remix of Alicia Keys this
nose is so fine yeah
huh Alicia Keys by the way I've never
met someone who I fell so instantly in
love with when meeting him look I don't
love her look not even like Oh young
love look LOV like you know what no I
genuinely love her when I met her her
energy and everything about her I was
like you're magical and I love you and
so I've never felt so in love with
someone so quickly um but not be asks
when why am i saying like they gonna
watch double yes the cat when does the
Kenya vlog coming out it is coming out
all goes well on September 20th the day
the rafiki's launched it's gonna be a
boost and a half to edit so I might get
some help on that I might adit myself
we'll see um but September 20th is when
I'm hoping it's gonna be busy one got
the Kenya vlog that Rafiki sales we got
the first lady video coming up I might
have I might have a new place it's it's
exciting I mean I won't move this one
but I might like get might get confirmed
this month you know what I mean so this
is a lot of time that we got we date
Minnesota a lot of exciting things are
happening it's gonna be we're behind in
my book all the stuff oh my gosh the
amazing okay and we'll questions
oh um team super high n which I'm
guessing means India or international
not sure team super hates the word yo
ever since you said you don't like being
called back team submission yeah that
makes like that I say yo a lot and I
actually don't mind if my friends
something like yo you're gonna read what
I don't like is if in serious situations
or situations where I'm talking to
strangers but I don't know I don't like
the you just as yoga so if I was like in
a meeting and someone's like yo I
wouldn't like that or someone came up to
me yo David you with me yeah I would
like that it small context context I
know I say yo a lot I don't hate the
word you um just to clarify all my blog
windows is literally on fire I can add
yeah there we go
um Chelsea asked favorite thing about
our baby Kyle
so loser nope don't know Kyle is the
girl of brand manager what is happening
kyle is the girl of friend manager and
if he is one of my favorite people on
the planet my favorite thing about him
is mine he was really passionate about
girl love and he's really really
passionate what he does what favorite
thing about him is probably he's always
he was makes his jokes this joke that
he's five steps ahead of me and it's
true it's very hard in the most humble
way to be five steps ahead of me because
I am so detail-oriented I'm so on top of
stuff I'm obsessed with my work he is
always so on top of work like he never
forgets things he reminds me about
things
he's just so reliable and on top of
things that is my favorite thing about
him is that I never have an issue buy
time to do something or asking for
something I will never my brain think of
all kid like he's not gonna do it or
like I need to remind him or like check
him no he will do it and then you'll
remind me five times about what I didn't
do or like if I have to do something he
is so on top that's what I live okay and
I just I get his whole live stream just
about kind of had to he does not have
any ego like he has such a lack of ego
where he's just not about like pride or
anything just like yo teamwork let's get
it done and he's just he's just great
I'm gonna get a picture of Kyle tattooed
right here right here
Kyle's face is gonna go right here what
I'm gonna do okay in one minute
I'm gonna tell ya you can win the last
shut up it is gonna happen on YouTube in
our new community tab so if you're on a
phone I don't you might be able to still
do it maybe if you minimize this and
then go to the community I'm not really
sure you don't need the newest version
of the YouTube app or you can go to a
computer or grab someone else's home if
you are the channel our channel um
youtube.com slash III Superman III
videos playlists community are the tabs
on the top click on community I'm going
to post something
and then I'm going to get gave one you
reply a shout out so if you look on the
community tab the first pictures of
McGee there's my log there's asta from
live promos I'm going to be doing some
blog post there as well
I'm excerpts from my book and a whole
bunch of cool stuff so turn the
notifications on if you want to be
notified and it's not that every once in
a while check this out because I'm
everybody exclusive pictures and video
clips and all that genes into what you
mean same I know I keep complaining
about this but my nose goes from 0 to
100 I don't understand it's dying and
the second I stop this live stream it's
gonna be fine so I don't know what the
science is I don't know can someone help
me can you tell I don't know I just
gonna rip my skin off ok ok so on the
community tab I'm going to write thanks
for watching thanks for joining me for
ask superwoman like comment below thank
you give this point a thumbs up you want
to win a live shut up in the last few
minutes and I said thanks for joining me
for ask Superman live comment below and
give this poster Fromm's up if you want
to win a live shadow at the last few
minutes and go boom it is posted you got
to go to youtube you can even go to
youtube.com slash user slash I I support
I slash community but that sounds a lot
of work so just click on the community
tab on my channel and you have the
thumbs with the comment and comical and
I would give someone a shout
that's how - don't work if you have no
desire to do that then you can saw some
questions on Twitter and I'll answer a
pop quiz to kind of keep I got it
Oh
No and my nose is on fire the itchiness
is because Imran says the aegis is
because of the nervousness and anxiety
of livestream trust me I'm a doctor I'm
not nervous at all though nor my anxious
I'm literally so calm and Cho so I don't
think that's it well I realize up hmm
bench Kapoor says the it could be all in
your head what up psychology degree
you've never used acting right it could
be but I don't think it is because as a
real physical implications it turns red
right I know where that is a medical
condition I kind of allergic to last
evening I don't know what it is okay car
I asked separa ass what are your
thoughts on Millie Bobby Brown I'm
obsessed with her okay don't even get me
started
so I finished watching all the stranger
things if you watch my blogs you know
that my character that gold plates 11
whose name is Millie Bobby Braun
obsessed she's 12 years old I tweeted
her she tweeted me back we follow each
other now my life is complete because I
swear to god she was such a talented
friggin actress and I am in complete awe
of her talents so that's how I feel what
really ball around I think she's amazing
I think you did such a good job in
stranger things there'd be times I've
watched the show and I'd be like I'd
have to stop and if a pause and I'd be
like - humbug like what the hell is this
like how how is someone this good this
good at such a young age like I just
wouldn't complete all okay um lotion on
it so won't bitch what asks Eve okay
okay I'll try I never vote right here I
don't think it isn't goodness dry but
let me try okay okay okay
this is either gonna make it better or
worse just I did I knock on my phone on
silent two seconds ago but wanted okay
you know what it does feel a little bit
cooler I will say that if you if you
solve all my life home right now I'm
very excited okay in ten seconds I'm
going to refresh maybe more than ten
seconds maybe a minute I'm going to
refresh the community
so if you have not yet done so go to my
channel or the community tab thumbs up
the thing comment below on the thing and
you do both thumbs up and comment and
you could win a live shoutout is what
could happen
I remember my name MA okay how long oh
you know what my nose back when I get
geez let him help okay team super love
asks if you were to go to if you were to
a book tour where's one thing you would
go that you didn't do drink HT you I
that's a tough question I actually don't
choose Foligno the destinations yet for
the book tour I don't have to confirm
but I do know 482 I one of the cities
within the u.s. I did not go to one of
the places rather one of the states was
um Texas I did not get to go to Texas I
would perform in Texas before but I
didn't do a to you either as far as my
memory serves me I'm incorrect that I'm
sorry um so that's one place I want to
go um otherwise where else I didn't get
to go to New Zealand right see you I I
perform in New Zealand as well what I
haven't done H to either um so maybe I'm
trying to go there we'll see Joe does
not reinstall it's very yeah I don't
know yet but yeah Surrey says that made
this chart my class check it up a baby
or read this thing are you ready like
two three days ago
I seen all things if I would I read it
and then on top that I was like oh my
god you're such a good writer like just
like the way you structure sentence this
is very impressive
I'm so thanks vent mmm okay I'm going to
press refresh in ba o32 mmm Sue's
getting the last shout out no no no no
no no I got it I got it I got it okay
I'm writing it
I'm writing it bah bah bah bah bum bum
bum bum bum bum okay if your name starts
with M you did not want this shut up I'm
so sorry but if your name starts with D
you also do not work the shut up I'm so
sorry
the president want a shout-out is
actually someone who commented saying
instead of a shout-out could you please
please just wish my girlfriend
none of it a happy birthday August 23rd
it will honestly make her day and she
deserves the world that is some hard
jolt
Dulli well and so no no none of it I
hope I said that right
I'm over the two and you have a great
boyfriend who cares mo tuned so you go
ahead after this last room is done you
can pause rewind while I stuff it will
be on my channel I hope she had a happy
birthday and I hope she's very happy and
I hope that her day does in fact get
made by this gesture um thank everyone
who commented don't stop up here for two
more minutes I'm so that makes me sad
but also I'd like you heard so many
things to do today so I and I feel
appreciate you spending an hour with me
and I was a long time you spent 60
minutes with me and my nose and for
thirty of those minutes I'll scratch my
nose so you know that that's really cool
of you I'm to recap everything you
talked about if you would like to buy my
book listing book calm links in the
description you can pre-order it now
comes up March 28th 2017 if you want you
can go ahead and do that um we might be
moving the lilypad but we're not gonna
say it anymore cuz I don't wanna jinx it
so lily pad ah I don't know um I will be
at meat
neither obeah we'd a Minnesota and we'd
a Toronto I will also be selling these
girl of rafiki's from September 20 n to
September 30th and all the proceeds go
towards supporting kids going to school
in Africa I started on Africa in Kenya
get better at saying that because the
continent can use ok Kenya um and there
is a new community tab on our channel
right here where you can check into the
notifications on if you so choose to do
so or I will be doing pictures and
videos and posting my random thoughts
and blog posts and etc so you don't need
to leave YouTube anymore and for someone
that doesn't have Facebook or Twitter
who can still communicate via family via
that community tab that's really really
cool other than that you know I gotta
end on a positive thought let me think
of what a positive thought is mmm I got
it I was actually sparked by something
very minor when I was writing my notes
like all the notes of things that I need
to discuss and stuff and this green
poster which by the way where is the
poster weren't supposed to go oh no it's
kind of a blush I had a poster about the
poster I was using this purple pen to
write on this green post-it I promise
I'm going somewhere with this my purple
sparkly penned crowns being posted and
as soon as I started writing I was like
oh my god this is so pretty this purple
petals green looks so pretty then it hit
me
that made me really happy and then it
hit me again that throughout our days
sometimes we get so used to what we have
to do like oh I got to write my book I
got reduced collaboration you might be
like I gotta go to work I gotta do this
homework guy whose essay got wash dishes
we're so robotic sometimes and so
systemic and always think what we gotta
do that we don't actually think about
what little things can I do throughout
my day that make my day unique and make
me happy whether it's using a nice pen
on a colorful posted whether it's using
a colorful towel that makes you happy
whether it's eating something unique
that you don't usually eat every day
just to be like you of course
serve myself a little love today by
doing this do a little thing select your
day that aren't systemic that aren't so
robotic that a for you because you
deserve it and you should prioritize
your happiness and your well-being
should prioritize loving yourself and it
doesn't mean get the take yourself on a
vacation you know something small like
using a cool pen on a pool pump stick
because that makes you happy and that's
okay
no one else is allowed to judge those
small stupid things that make you happy
because Ashley's last room is done I'm
gonna cut my nose off cuz that's gonna
make you happy but thank you so much for
joining me
um we will be back here on the 14th of
next month in this apartment I'm sure
right yeah no yeah yeah yeah I miss
apartment that's like too soon
no no it's apartment I'm sure ever yeah
hopefully I think so
anyways thank you for joining me I'll we
can carry on this conversation on
Twitter and on everywhere else and on
our community tab so yeah oh also you
want to say bye to my blog real quick
without any any medium weight by team
super thank you for joining me for ask
superwoman live look this is you look
this is all you oh yeah this is why by
the way every time you look why do you
do it on Twitter if you're looking at
this stream right now you know what now
you know what cuz it's literally
impossible to read it alright I will see
on the 14th of next month thank you for
joining me and I love you Michael work
really hard so we can achieve great
things together
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay
