where in the world is superwoman today a
Singapore la whatever one's a girl
superwoman and no matter how confident I
am in real life I get super insecure
when performing one particular action
and my defense is a very high anxiety
action that requires a lot of brainpower
sitting I'm being completely honest when
I say that I suck at sitting I'm not a
talent consider like I don't know how to
do it properly
I hold up whole binary product things
like what the f are you talking about
Lee everyone knows how to sit correctly
and to you I say what about howdy Gong
see that mother effer dunbrook his face
Humpty Dumpty I never realized what a
silly name that is Humpty Dumpty
something a one-night stand
first you Humpty then you Dumpty oh my
god am i discovering like some sick
twisted double meaning to the story wait
wait sat on a wall is the wall a boob no
no okay moving on I'm just so glad you
subscribe
earlier today I was on a panel and it
was me sitting with a bunch of other
people it was a public setting and all I
could think about is oh my god I'm
sitting so stupidly there's just so many
factors and concerns number one genes
that's right genes aka the creator of
fake penises on girls I made sure no
matter how I sit in a pair of jeans I'm
gonna look like I have a fake penis okay
or like an inflamed
vagina of some sources a giant kitty cat
just like hello I'm a fossa no you know
why because I'm single oh and look at
look what why is this like this can
someone just invent a pair of jeans that
don't do this don't give me a fake penis
because I feel so insecure and
constantly trying to smooth it out
somehow sometimes I'm in a really deep
conversation I'll be sitting and I'll
forget and so I'll be talking talking I
look down and I'll see the fake penises
giant balls ever what dog and where did
I turn into a black guy by the way
that's not racism okay that's a
compliment
Kingsley be sitting at home right now
just like true I just feel like
everything works in the favor of guys
you know what I mean you're telling me
that I have to have a vagina and go
through periods and childbirth
but then when it's least convenient also
look like I have a penis can someone
invent a pair of jeans that makes guys
look like they have camel toe anyways I
need to change the subject now okay
because I've reached the maximum amount
of times I can say the word penis
without feeling awkward number two my
butt crack I am killing it with this
video when I'm sitting down it doesn't
really matter what I'm wearing what the
chair looks like that I'm sitting in or
even how I'm sitting because I will
constantly be convinced that my butt
crack is showing I'll just keep pulling
my shirt down no matter what even if
it's a long t-shirt just I just got to
double checking even if I'm on a cell
phone sure where there is no hole where
anyone behind could even see my butt
crack doesn't matter I could be the
effing onesie okay and I'm still gonna
be like everyone is staring on my butt
crack I have like butt crack phobia or
something which is just like mine
showing not anyone elses like Nicki
Minaj - straight up backpack bang up or
like Suzy like come sit him on my lap by
his GERD if y'all confused have y'all
ever seen Suzy's but that's right
illustrations ain't the only thing he
working with and this is literally the
only reason I have long hair is just to
cover up any butt crack mishaps just
like y'all really I think I think about
crack showing I'm just like nighttime a
girl doesn't split it just then it's
like camouflage okay for the sitting
impaired number three legs so I
generally sit like a dude you know I sit
like this okay and then I realize that
this combination with my gene penis
might not be the most flattering so then
I'm like okay let me try sitting like a
girl so I'll do this but then I might be
the only person on the planet that
actually looks at what everyone else is
doing evaluates that and then besides
how to sit like you're which way I want
to go right but what's going on over
here okay see Barbra Barbra she's gone
right so I don't want to ask this all up
okay everyone else has the right leg oh
I first of all is my left leg I can't
even tell jokes right barb over there's
got her left leg over okay so I'm like
alright everybody got their left leg I'm
gonna move my neck like so I don't try
to be the one drunk person on a sacred
ice swimming team just like yeah I'm
gonna go swim to my ex's house I am
trying to go
no case I'm sick all right here we go
straight up I just pulled something so
give this video a thumbs up because not
a cow what so I'm like a real was such a
beautiful pattern everybody's nice born
this day we wouldn't let them on that
for wallpaper up in here okay but then
what happens after a while my leg is
numb something oh I got us I'm sorry I
got a switch we ain't getting the gold
medal synchronized swimming I quit -
switch like this but then I my grandma
that's it that's all you're allowed two
switches
you went left you and right that's you
can you guys switch again who invented
this rule I don't in my brain I have
this thing right like if you switch
again everyone's gonna see how stupid
your legs aren't any the Patels roam
with you but what do I do I keep
switching everyone else is just sitting
here like normal human beings what you
think that I'm up here I'm folk dancing
up in here I'm just like I don't know
what I'm doing I'm f & OC doing right
here with my gene penis and ball cracks
showing
I'm not messy upper here okay just get
around my mom here's that joke she
didn't like you right you are so very
messy number four arms
can I ask possibly the most honest
question I've ever asked on video before
when I'm sitting in a public setting and
people are looking at me okay what the
heck am I supposed to be doing with my
arms and then I figure I can fold them
like you know do stuff all my hands do
something like that so formless like
this makes me feel like I'm at church
also I don't know what church feels like
I've never been to church but you know
what it is I grew up with one religion
and then I also became a youtuber so I
don't want to disappoint my parents in
more ways than one
so what do I do I go like this is that
weird but then I'm like okay chef with
my hand in my knees but then it kind of
seems like I'm ready just like Buster
wonjun or do I be like an Abe Lincoln I
don't know what you don't add like that
floaty thing with the arms at carsales
places you don't talk mother's just like
help me I don't know I don't know and
then so you know what I do everyone so I
do one of these one is one of these
liens around my iron
milene and instantly I regret it cuz I'm
like oh my god why the hell am I trying
so hard to sit I'm such a trihard I'm
like one of those people on Instagram to
post this with like 78 hashtag just like
sitting of Instagram sitting on fleek
insta sit sit love just play
just just this just play just be like yo
number 5 leg hairs here's the single
boat sitting right is that I'm at home I
put on a pair of jeans I'm like you I
don't gotta shave my legs why the hell
would I shave my legs I'm wearing jeans
my legs are covered when I was gonna
shave my legs for myself I don't need to
impress myself with shaved legs okay I
press myself with my humor freaking it's
funny as hell I'm careful my hairy
person then I go out okay know what
happened I crossed my legs I don't take
into account that when I sit my jeans
raised a little bit thus causing this
action right here and then my leg hairs
be creeping out so then I'd be having a
conversation and now the cutoff buggers
I look down but oh my god it looks like
I'm wearing ankle warmers tonight learn
this for the next time and I shaped like
the bottom to three inches of my legs
look this is the safety zone I got a
shave right here just in case my gene
for doing this type of ish I don't know
what you're thinking you're like what's
the heli that's your ankle like how bad
could it be it I'm just like okay ah
that's so cute I'm South Asian okay
you're Jon Snow you know nothing so
nightshade that little bit not feeling
real good I'm feeling myself I have a
conversation I'm perfect I'm like that
summers oh sorry I don't mean to expose
my legs you know what I mean I just you
know yeah my whole leg looked like that
just whatever you see here is expected
for the rest but then not realizing I
got itchy like this going on with my
ripped jeans you know that's part of
Life of Pi when he's like yeah the
island with the forest appeared out of
nowhere I got this effing chia pet just
sitting right here so now I'm like oh my
god I'm glad I got a cup so then what I
do is I shave right here then I start
shaving circles here now I just look
like a dog like I run over by a car you
like a stray dog she like patches all
over some act up Dalmatian and don't you
think you wanted to just take the time
to shave your whole leg like what the
hell are you talking about you know they
only give you 15 seconds in between
episodes and Netflix but I'm being
serious like I know this video seems
very exaggerated and you're like what
I'm being completely serious when I say
this is a legitimate stress for me like
sitting stresses me out and I have all
of these thoughts exactly as I'm
communicating them to this isn't even a
comedy video for me this is a video
diary
I'm just being completely honest it
affects my daily life okay like you know
I will
Rubino relationship I'll always be
single why because I can't ever be
sitting in a tree with anyone
Luna and Dewayne sitting in a tree but
then you like oh wait look at Lily
sitting on a tree and he's just like I'm
just saying I think it should be
socially acceptable to have a blanket
over you at all times when you sit that
way my Jean penis my forest my drunk
legs my butt crack won't be showing
after all aren't all those things
acceptable under a blanket anyways
anyways this video was a little bit edgy
for me and I need to go lie down to
re-energize no I hope you enjoyed this
video now more than ever I know I've
said this in a lot of videos but I
really mean it this time
am I the only one that thinks this way
because legitimately
like something might be wrong with me
can you comment below and let me know
and if you agree with anything I said
please give this video a thumbs up you
can check out my last view right over
there is called when parents want to
talk my second blob channel and
Singaporean adventures are right over
there
other than that subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and there's that
you can also pre-order my book by
clicking the link in the description or
that I in the corner of the screen and
what else do I got to tell you uh Ulta -
video a little bit late the time zones
up in here they're they're screwing me
over a little bit because I was at yeol
and then all that your and then there
was like you over then I was like I
peace one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop oh thank god I can finally
stand up
