another episode of the DIY challenge
okay Lily
come here what's up mom I'm a bit busy I
need to ask you something why Lily I
need to talk to you I need to talk to
you I need to talk to you
the hell did I do
did you find something online what did I
post on Instagram salmon with you why'd
you so ratchet oh wait did you go
through my text crap crap crap crap
right damn I probably slept with someone
and don't even know but somehow she does
weed on dad is sick oh hello hey first
off happy belated birthday I'm sorry I
didn't wish you yesterday that was my
bad okay well my dad is sick and I don't
know what to do please let my dad live
long enough to watch season 2 of
stranger things he's told young to leave
he doesn't even know who's iTunes
properly yet please just get in
formation and help him leave
wait what if they want to Hansel and
Gretel me and leave me in the forest to
pay for medical bills wait wait was that
building always there where's the mic
where's them where's the mic so camera
somewheres are kept hey hey hey doctor
why hey hey what did you tell my mom did
you tell her I got drunk that one time
I'm puked in your car because I told you
I was just feeling carsick okay and the
only reason I was holding my heels is
because I didn't want them to feel cold
hey Julie remember me yeah how does my
mom know that I failed weight 10 math
huh oh my god did you find out how I
really got the dent in the car because I
swear to God that pole came out of
nowhere man she's about to kill me
because she's on you pick me up last
week from my driveway I told you down
the street Rick you pulled up on my
driveway my driveway Lee yeah know what
you might as well have just Skyped my
mom while touching my boob you idiot
come here right now
no honestly Rick I hope a walker get
your stupid face
yeah Lily okay before you start I want
you to know that I'm sorry and it wasn't
my fault
turn off the light on it what not the
light turn it off it's making glare on
TV yeah yeah okay okay where'd you go
sprinkle wars okay that's it that's it
yeah okay
mini what now what you want to back on
now
Victor boy pick you up and esterday what
ever wanted to girl superwoman and I
hope you enjoyed this video I don't know
about you but any time anyone says to me
hey I need to talk to you I freaked out
if you can relate give this video a
thumbs up you can check out my last
video right over there it's called why
I'm not in a relationship and you can
check out my second vlog channel right
over there
which is really cool cuz I'm actually
going to Singapore tomorrow night and
you can follow me along on my adventure
I've done that yeah thank you so much
for allowing me to be in your day and
taking the time to watch this video I do
truly appreciate it and I know you don't
have to do that what you did it anyways
and I appreciate that hope you have an
awesome day make sure you subscribe I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and I'd love for you to be here
one love superwoman that is a wrap and I
need to drop you my god is always going
about how I'm stressed
