ah sorry this video was late I was
chilling at the White House yeah I mean
whatever everyone it's your girl
superwoman and every 45 seconds of the
day two things happen number one I'm
hungry number two someone asks me are
you dating anyone I get it
I'm a 27 year old brown woman you don't
know what else to ask also most of these
people are my aunts uncles mom and dad
to you I say no no I'm not dating anyone
and even if I was dating someone you
know I'd be lying to you and be like no
we're just friends okay no and we only
hang out to do school projects like I
know I'm not in school what we just want
to remain academic gosh and by academic
I mean it's getting our boy to shy for
that back to the point oh no I am NOT in
a relationship for the following reasons
number one hustle if you are someone
that is in a happy relationship and
you're still hustling to achieve your
dreams you know what you were just a
better person than me because I cannot
kudos to you okay because I will
continuously pick my job over a
relationship and hear me when I say
that's because I want to I'm not crazy
I'm not delusional I'm not lonely no
that is my choice because straight up
right now in my life I'm the type of
person that will choose editing over
going on a date that's right final cut
turns me on more than people and you
know what from time to time final cut
will even greet me with that colorful
spinning wheel so chances are it's gay
but I'm still down if you surprise me
with an anniversary dinner I can't come
unless it's like a collab or something
and I will feel zero remorse for not
going my job makes me happy I love
working and right now I'm all about just
achieving my goals and your world
family friends you don't need to feel
sad for me I never have to share my
pizza okay I never get in trouble for
not texting goodnight I flirt with
whoever the FI want and I sleep in the
center of my bed like a mother F a
starfish I'm doing great
number two romance listen you I don't
know any way to sugarcoat this
so I'm just gonna say it I dislike
romantic stuff I know I may be shocking
cuz I'm a unicorn all but it's the truth
don't get me wrong once in a while like
you know like two times a year
a romantic gesture I can appreciate that
but all the time like nah I'd rather
have lice and I don't mean to be bitter
and I'm sorry if I come across that way
it's just I feel like these days a lot
of romantic gestures are just
meaningless and empty for example I
can't stand when booths be texting me
romantic cheesy lines the other day some
dudes text me some edge like oh you are
every breath I take and I'm just like
are you sure because science would
suggest otherwise
like brah gif photosynthesis some credit
straight-up chloroplast we out there
putting in work musical disregard and
I'm gonna be honest I don't even like
receiving gifts that often gifts I think
I can't adored gifts like is it gifts
cuz when I say gifts you think I'm
talking about like a gift but I'm kind
of a gift but who pronounces the t gift
honestly I don't even like receiving
presents but now am I talking about time
like past present future what is the
word
I don't like receiving gifts that often
either what once a year maybe more than
that I feel like a lot of times guys
think a gift represents the meaning of a
relationship and like oh look I love you
about your gift and I'm like yeah I
prefer we just like talk about stuff and
like you listen to me also if you could
like not flirt with other girls and then
not pretend like you had no idea and
you're stupid when you talk to me that
would be swell I would really prefer
that over a bracelet yes and roses are
cute you know once in a blue moon but
every month that's just too much that's
just straight up destroying an ecosystem
and then every time you deliver me these
roses I don't think you realize that
actually comes in a vase every single
time and now I just have like 14 vases
you know that I don't got that much
cupboard space so really it's just
inconsiderate also as a vase or Vaz a
bit up what is English and you know
don't even get me started on slow
dancing yeah okay sometimes too but
randomly slow dance and use a thing
intentionally doing something slow
really disrupts The Hustler me because
I've had four minutes and to be honest
those four mins that concent like five
emails it might just be because I can't
get on board with a lot of love songs
because I just feel like the lyrics are
unrealistic and I know this is the
second time I'm referencing the song but
Nick Jonas space was just a word made up
by someone who's afraid to get close
maybe space was invented by someone
who's afraid to get an STD the flu a
common cold wish you hear that you that
it's the sound of my vajayjay crying in
anger because it's trapping alone with
no
love I shall name her Cinderella number
three pick up lines I'm gonna be honest
I don't get hit on very often because I
feel like majority of people are just
really terrified of me provided
sometimes when they approach me I'm
wearing a beard true story
recently a Bollywood actor who shall
remain unnamed and I we were texting
he's acting stupid and flirtatious with
each other and so as a sexy gesture I
sent him a picture of Manjeet yeah
that's really why I'm single because I'm
horrifying anyways just like everybody
else on the planet of course I'd like to
be complimented but within reason
because sometimes when I meet guys I
feel like they think they have to
continuously tell me I'm pretty
or they think I'm funny and I'm just
saying like you know I kind of believe
in my own beauty you don't need to keep
telling me I get you trying to be nice
and so I appreciate that but sometimes I
get text messages from guys and they do
there's like two compliments in every
single text message and at that point
I'm like can we just have a normal
conversation because I'm not one of
those girls that needs to be constantly
validated by you and you're else I get I
get a lot of guys coming up to me and
acting like they can provide me with
something like they can protect me they
can pay for things and they're strong
and they'll look at for me and I'm just
like hi hello stranger I just met jacked
up on testosterone yeah I can take care
of myself in fact I've been taking care
of muscle and I don't know if it's just
because of the industry I'm in but
sometimes zoos will approach me and try
to pull that baller movement and pay for
all of my stuff and I get you're trying
to be kind but if I repeatedly say like
yo I'm good I can pay for this like
don't act like that super weird because
in the most humble way this booth right
here it's mine this event that you're at
right now it's for me and this credit
card it's for the business that I own
and you know what I can write off
entertainment as a business expense so
how about I buy you a drink
I'm sorry in the mouth I'm away number
four ships okay now I don't mean to
break your heart
because I know you shipped me with
everyone in anyone straight-up y'all
should be with so many people my life
could be like Titanic a 20 episode
series ship names are stressful for me
there's stressful you tell me I got take
my name cut it in
have and merge it with someone else's
name my name is only five letters okay I
don't have that type of real estate I
got no independent up in my name okay
it's just lily and three out of the five
letters are Elle's it's like a horrible
game of Scrabble pestering these days
people making up ship names before they
even know each other just like oh my god
Zack and Tiffani you guys are so cute
how long have you been dating well we
have our first date next week
Safin e yeah so those are all the
reasons I can't be in a relationship
also in addition to that like commitment
issues trust issues denial insecurities
but those are like minor things that we
don't really need to address yo I hope
you enjoyed that video I really do I
hope I made you feel lighter and a bit
you know at ease and fluffier throughout
your day maybe you're day was stressful
maybe it was not but I hope this added
some sort of positive light into your
world if it did please give it a thumbs
up if you're single and you agree with
this share this video and if you're in a
relationship and you think I'm bitter
share this video if you wanna check out
my last video it is right over there my
second vlog channel is right there as
well
I'll link to pre-order my book is in the
description and links to all the videos
I just mentioned are also in the
description if you want to check those
out on that make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and I would love for you to
be there one love superwoman that is a
wrap and I sorry
