I genuinely hope this video makes you
smile so just forget about everything
else that happened in your day and let's
laugh together whatever everyone it's
your girl superwoman and I love people
like I really do I love people you
become friends with them lovers with
them some of them even deliver you pizza
so as someone who loves people so much
you might be a little bit shocked when I
say that I think group texts with people
are hell on earth let's start off with
the fact that these days people start
group conversations for no damn reason
okay I get added to this group calls
arranging rides for tonight because
we're going to the movies and I'm like
why am I here hi I own a car okay I want
a vehicle I know exactly how I'm going
to the movies I'm sitting up in this
combo like Chris Brown while Drake was
making that speech to Rihanna last night
just like make it stop but then you're
like all right it's no big deal this
group is just to arrange rides this one
outing it's gonna be over soon or Gore
the movie and it's gonna be done but
then someone in the group changes the
group ikon you're just like brah hold up
I signed up for this type of commitment
I thought we were just arranging rise
giving now we have a logo image and then
someone else changes the chat title to
catching rides not feelings and I'm like
whoa this is how cults start okay yeah
today it's all about arranging rides and
the next week it's all okay drink this
and believe so I am part of so many
group texts and whatsapp groups is
ridiculous I'll wake up in the morning I
have like four hundred and seven new
messages I unplug my phone brush my
teeth my batteries on 42% and I didn't
even catch a single Pokemon yet and then
my phone stays vibrating throughout the
day just constantly mean and what you're
gonna say Lily why don't you just mute
the conversation no because I don't want
to miss anything okay I want everything
I'm a brat so then I just leave it on
vibrate and it's so annoying throughout
the day you know the worst part is that
there's so many people out here in
public so I can't even use that
vibration to my advantage just kidding
bad back shame shame no I'm kidding I'm
so gross I would never do that okay
unless it was like for medicinal
purposes what would your illness be
loneliness hi mom
you know sometimes we'll be in a group
chat and I want to invite people to like
an event or tell them something personal
you know like about my period or
something I ain't got nothing else going
on but
like four out of five of the people in
the group because Nick Nick you don't
want that close yeah we send a meme here
and there but I don't know Nick like
that and Nick I know what you're gonna
say okay space was just a word made up
by someone who's afraid to get close oh
and you're right that person was me so
you know what I'm gonna have to do I'm
gonna have to start a side conversation
with four or five other people who like
your hair no she's really awkward but I
want to say this thing I don't want to
say this conversation Boop text got me
turning into a rapper okay because now
got a main squeeze
and a side ting and then in the side
ting we got to orchestrate this whole
dialogue of what to say in the main
group chat because inevitably Nick will
find out we chose without him now it's
like a scripted play you know honestly
someone should start a YouTube channel
about group text because they're so
dramatic and then they can exploit
people's pain you know what I mean
you'll get so many views of promoting
drama and make so much money and so
Jesus wait what people are already doing
that oh my bad
another thing you know I feel in group
text people now believe it's acceptable
to start sending random crap to each
other like hey we're in a group chat
together snow another word community we
have this bond with each other and now
people think that I care about their day
way more than I actually do they're like
sending me pictures of what they're
wearing and their food and I'm like when
we were in a single chat together I
didn't care and now that were in a group
chat I still don't care where's my
binoculars I'm just trying to trying to
look for who gave you the right I know
the worst part is this behavior now
prompts everyone else in the group to
send pictures of their food and I'm just
like Rachael Ray is that you now I'm not
gonna be looking like damn Food Network
and I know exactly what's gonna happen
the next time I look at hell at you and
I'm trying to take a home to get it
selfie my phone can be all like out of
storage and I'm have to go to my camera
roll and delete your buffet don't treat
this conversation like snapchat okay we
need some standards you know what the
world record for oldest person is 122
years that's like half the lifespan of a
group text straight up some of my group
texts they don't die okay they live on
forever they should play extras in the
walking dead just like
oh my group chat for my tour a TTY okay
still gets a hundred messages a day
minimum that was from last year I have a
group chat in my phone titled y2k
preparation and it's fine it's fine you
know why because that's really okay in
the history of the entire universe the
most disrespectful thing you can do is
leave a group chat because everybody
gets that notification okay just like
jill has left the conversation and you
know what maybe no one will say anything
in the conversation but you already know
that everyone's at home on their phone
holding their wig just like mmm it's
like that Jill and Jill you might think
everything's fine there was no big deal
but the next time you see these people
at a party and you're like hey how are
you they're gonna be like how am i oh
right you wouldn't know would you Jill
yeah have fun fetching that pail of
water yourself you are chained to the
group text okay one does not simply
leave the group text
I know attemping you think I don't know
it's tempting especially when some idiot
tries to resurrect an old group I wake
up tomorrow look at my phone there's a
new message from catching rides not
feeling just like hey how is everyone
know we don't know do not do this
do not start this conversation this
conversation needs to remain done unless
this conversation is Jon Snow let it die
just checking up on everybody why why no
I'm fine work I everyone is fine okay I
still have my own car still have my own
ride what the f is this the uber app you
know some of my group shots be getting
hella awkward as well because sometimes
you forget that there's like other
people in the chat I have a group chat
with some of my closest YouTube friends
writing from time to time Yusuf will say
something flirtatious to me Thomas oh
how cute but thou remembers is like an
audience of four other people Susie and
Dietrich's are just at home like and
then Lauren and Alex are there although
I'm pretty sure they don't care yeah
they probably like busy making out or
something but then in a few minutes
Lauren will message me separately to
discuss the haps because it's too much
testosterone in that group and then
we'll Girl Talk Girl love it up or when
you're in a group chat and one person
says something really snarky and rude to
someone else and everyone
in the group conversations just straight
up like beyond saying that elevator just
like what you're talking about
no Mayan got a phone I'm right here
like roll there's a time and a place
okay GUP conversations is not it that's
what sub feets are for you know what
screws me over the most is sometimes
I'll be annoyed at one of my friends so
I'll ignore their messages but then I'll
respond in a group conversation not
realizing that they're in that
conversation so now they know and I
ignored them and I'm like oh let me live
but you know sometimes my friends we get
in real brave okay so in that group
conversation they'd be like oh so you
can respond here and not to me
and then everyone else the group
conversations like which would you don't
mow I don't even need a ride
no I'm saying I got moves over it it's
all good you got to catch a rise not
feelings remember I know some of my
friends are in several of my group so
one friend will be in the friends group
the tour group the girls group and that
way when I have an amazing story to
share they're gonna hear that ish three
times because let's be real what you
have something brilliant to say via text
okay you copy and paste that ish and
said no mass text when I collaborated
with Dwayne Johnson I took that picture
okay I hired ten digital Ravens I roll
out like a to take set in the word
mother effers okay I want the seven
kingdoms to know what's up my friend
that's in all three of the groups okay
your camera roll just straight up have
rock looking like National Geographic
and I'm not damn straight that's for all
the food pictures okay yeah you got kale
I got the rock what's up hey I hope you
enjoyed that video it is so wonderful to
be back I feel like it's been forever
since this has happened thank you so
much for your patience as I was in Kenya
I had an amazing life changing time but
I'm happy to be back it byways it's hot
I got like sweating all the places that
I'm very exciting but if you like this
video give it a big thumbs up you can
check out my last video right over there
it is a girl of episode that just came
out with bebe Rexha which is very very
cool so check that out my second vlog
channel is right over there because I
resumed by blogs
if you haven't already done so you can
pre-order my book called how to be a
boughs the link for that is in the
description if you're on a phone then
you can also click the I I think at the
corner right there so go ahead and do
that otherwise you can subscribe because
I make new videos every Monday and
Thursday I love you to be here but even
if you don't want to that's okay because
um you're a human and you can make your
own decisions but if you decide to be
here that would be really really great
until next time one love superwoman that
is a wrap and Zoop
oh look at us this hair tie done ruined
the whole thing
hold on you could just edit this part
out Lily but you won't gallop
did you give you your fear that
everything
