whatever where's our girl superwoman and
welcome to girl love this is our first
episode on our brand new girl upset
enough first guessing move baby Rhett
shocked I'm so happy you're here got the
son voltage oh I don't do music you do
music that's wrong more time but
collaboration my friends collaboration
I'm so sitting here thanks for coming
thanks for having me hey thank you so
sweet she's I don't have my oh my York I
am for a kiss and you still leaned in
okay cool I like that um girl love girl
Ella
so obviously I know how queen you are
and I know how amazing you are because I
might not know you by the way shame on
you don't I talk bit about yourself like
what do you do first day questions what
you do uh I uh I'm a Virgo I like for
walks on the beach I am a
singer/songwriter
I started singing at age of four and
then I started songwriting to kind of
make a living and the first big break
that I ever got was Eminem and Rihanna
the monster - yeah I was I was actually
wrote that in Harlem New York cuz I'm
from New York I'm from Brooklyn New York
and yeah I just want that song with my
friends and then I ended up working on
some sub Selena Gomez stuff then pitbull
and then this here was being myself and
I G it's just me myself and I solo
for life yeah I don't need a handle even
when the night is going well I got that
by a muscle okay aside from your fear we
all know you're super talented musician
and songwriter I don't know what you
he's hiding behind a career what kind of
kid Reid going up um Thank You Liz I I
was very loud because I always wanted to
sing and I would always want to every
like watch me you know the garage being
actually like you watch this like the
mom's old like you know camcorder radios
it's really obnoxious anyway I was very
loud as young as a four or five year old
and then I would sing all the way until
junior high school and then I started
getting really nerdy like I got had like
my unibrow my as any all dude in my life
and pretty contraption in my mouth all
right lemon thyme little girl up oh love
is all about breaking the cycle go uncle
hatred and building women so it's about
women empowerment as well sisters were
in this together because I feel like a
lot of the time like influenced
systematically to compete against each
other so harshly you know what I mean so
on the note of girl of us getting some
sponsor what female musicians do you
look up to and why Lauryn Hill good good
I love Lauryn Hill I love the big
education of Lauryn Hill right you
haven't heard that album you need to
download it because just you know a lot
of those are not like home Oracle is a
lot of you might not know because
writing like younger in fact I put a
link to it in the description because I
agree Lauryn Hill is the
so when I first started youtube I know
there was so many common fear like stop
trying to be like someone so or like why
are you trying to buy up this person
stop I feel like that such a thing so
when you start in an industry if you've
been to right now if you get prepared a
lot as a woman I feel like that's so
prominent people have to compare women
to other women when you started your
career even right now did you get
compared to other artists yes like about
a year ago up until I had dark black
hair like that's my natural hair color
cuz I'm Albanian and everybody said I
look like Lord and the second that I
dyed my hair blonde and I get the green
aura
oh I'm like I just can't win maybe I'm
just BP so we're real Real Talk let's
get real maybe pretty right here we're
friends right so okay so in the music
industry do you feel like being a female
has helped you I'm just how does it help
you how's it been a fertile hmm have you
ever felt like you didn't get an
opportunity because you're female and
did get it because you're a female like
one thing that I did get people would
tell me I was too masculine and too like
hard if I came up very bitchy and that I
should be more ladylike and be like I
love this beat I love this song I want
to sing it or thank you so much for
working with me but I'd like hey yo
what's up this is we're gonna do today
and just the sound that I want to do I
want you know the song that Connie did
with the drums I want that and then I
want the strings from like this Coldplay
song I want to be inspired by that and
just what I want to talk about today is
what the lyrics are gonna be and they be
like whoa like omentum was an opinion
there's an engineer who's you know he's
recording the vocals he just focus on
the computer like recording and that's
most likely a male and then the
producers they're going to they're most
likely males they're making the beat and
then you know then there's like runners
and interns you know that our work at
the studio and they're most likely male
and a lot of the writers are most likely
male so it's like Here I am
one female in a roomful of five guys and
I'm like I want this this and that and
and it's only coming from like a really
passionate plays and so sometimes for a
female that can be taken as being like
classy or bitchy
aggressive but when it's a guy he's a
boss double hand emoji preach you know
I've had moments where I've gone to
studio and like producers shredded on me
and like they start like like I was
younger and they saw like one thing
should I grab my foot and like start
trying to massage it big producer and I
was like oh hell no I was like she's not
happening right now anybody was like
I'll never work with you again I was
like I don't care I'll never work with
you again like the other day I posted a
picture on my Instagram just like a sexy
picture and actually wrote a song while
that it's called 24/7 it's gone being a
woman but I never released it in the
lyric is like you know a big girl and
then my lipstick oh give sexy foam sound
you can't tell me this wrong I'm so
turned on like yeah no but no but like I
wrote a song about like I put a picture
up in somebody comment and said oh geez
here we go again another girl can look
sexy to men and I'm like maybe I'm not
trying to look sexy for men maybe I'm
kind of look sexy for myself yeah and
you tweeted about it
I know I stalked you oh thank you man
when I start a girl of last year I made
this video where women complimented
other women even if they were in the
same field because there was a belief
that like a certain level of competition
is good but we don't have to get each
other's crooks you know they still
support one another so I have a few
pictures of people I would love to show
you and the goal here is you to in the
Quickfire quickfire way a genuine
compliment towards the person got it
just like six is I'm three of them are
me so prep smile smile make it rain now
and you guys are faster yes standard
Brando for friends I don't know oh
that's really cute yeah all right there
you go meghan trainor comment below let
us know are you friends with Vicki yeah
well I'll treat you like no no no I know
her and I know I think her personality
is unbelievably and unbelievably
beautiful oh those eyes that I look at
your face I think we zoom WBC look it's
been five genuinely I just like in love
okay I think he's sizing Rihanna just
stunning we want to put her in your
pocket I was on tour with her yeah but
she's like really sweet when I say
something
Nicki Minaj's hair is like on be on set
with hair on the no broken hearts video
is legit
absolute perfection I've never really
had like a speech for any female before
and you know this is just one time at
the end of the video but she pulled me
aside after we shot our segments in the
know broken hearts video and she was
like I was just talking to her about how
I saw this one video that she posted up
a long time ago about you know when
females are aggressive I know I wish I
would pick oh yeah it goes for a video
shoot
Becky and so I told her that I saw this
video about her speaking about how when
then want something or say something
their boss when a female wants something
and she's a dress that she's a bitch
and I was like I was that really
resonated with me and I told her that
and she told me like oh you know she's
like it's gonna be a tough road and
she's like and I agree with that she's
like me that I really keep pushing and
and she just like gave me like a whole
bunch of words of wisdom and I did not
expect it at all
so you gonna membered the girl oh yes
she on icky and Minaj's spread the girl
love really did and she could have
walked off set and be like I'm done
but she sat there and like spoke to me
and I thought that was really really
nice and it was very genuine well thank
you so much for spreading some girl on
he had awesome time I genuinely do
actually really kind of adore you okay I
stalk he's at Omar they didn't get
really it's it's to get to like hot deep
it did I loved it I thought it was great
oh make us comment out of that talk
comment that I really like so where can
people find if they want to learn more
watch Institute don't music tell us when
I um I live in California this is my
actress I'm joking
um they can find me on obviously
Instagram snapchat
I love it just bebe Rexha ve ve are X H
a throw on all social media let's go and
I'll put up with a link subscription as
well so you click that follower she's
dope certified unicorn will love love it
all and please make sure you follow grow
up join the movement Instagram and
Twitter it is act spread girl love and
you can use the hashtag girl up as well
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
haha you're the best thank you thank you
so much is I told
this was only gonna hurt if I warned you
that the sign is gonna burn would you
walk in would you let me do it fast do
it all in the name of love
