hello red in the world is party to a a
we are here in Brazil for vacationing do
you have lots of Olympic soccer and lots
of boy with no shirt no shout the boy
here I really bring sunscreen I'm here
relaxing and Lily come up to me and say
daddy
bloody fan Keeper facebooking or
twittering saying we want monkeys I say
okay my fans want me I make exception
you know today we doing part two
reacting Lily Instagram oh muscle hard
thing of working out and jump
that's okay Brazil Brazil and real
computer hit but stories
this is snapchat or they same thing now
i truing shared okay hello hello I'm
doing video
pay attention picture number one this is
a nicer picture Lily you look very nice
this guards old is who this is this rod
Lily this got a pretty a lot of time
when she doing this photo shoot thing
like that way she look very pleased to
be for coming up throat and say oh my
god you look like a man Jesus look oh so
nice look at me lipstick on Lipper
looking like a girl this is my daughter
hello
why are you doing like this Lily you
have realize while boy scratching your
head huh remind me check your head after
okay here but the bloody hell this one
when your dancer grab your boob and
whoopee and you want to thank Jesus this
is why you have dancer huh who grabbed
your and your booty
you know Jesus don't like like this he
told me he's my friend he called say
Lily when they've grabbing her
you want someone touch your booty you
just call me okay I hate that one very
hard
next picture okay second hold on hello
ambulance my daughter having seizure
what's happening here
look at me I'm Lilly bless you someone
step on my foot
somebody punch me in stomach I am having
diarrhea I am I'm giving birth good good
curtain that's my dumb daughter you look
like a stupid face dumb ahead Oh voices
voices I know my head hurting because
because I am so stupid she performing
this one holding head or my head hard
thing because I never listen daddy my
head hard thing cuz I don't clean my
room
oh my head hurting because daddy so cool
I want to be cool like Daddy but I don't
I don't know how you know maybe lies the
hurting or Lilly let me know I know this
one fourth harmony girl this one she's
singing work work work work oh look at
this one what a pretty girl look how
nice she dress such nice smile nice hair
so good then Lilly look I know I don't
understand why really getting so many of
you but can't afford clothes they're
properly fed you have psychology degree
okay not the green shame shame
Lilly your bra wash your bra Lilly you
drinking yes you know you know they say
are new they say if you drink you going
to jail I say they say new policy brand
new law anybody caught drinking going to
jail even if you using the rubbing
alcohol okay ten years jail drinking
very bad okay thank you
pair in the louder drink okay shut up
for kids for kid knows not for parent
parent allowed parent aku cashew season
okay I see this one not poisonous each
eyeful ask jack
oh this one virgin don't worry like me
and like you should be
Rio de Janeiro oh look at this a picture
full of amazing people there's a great
picture and then Lily standing there
naked why why can't you wear sleeve
disappear make me proud okay right
you're right here in my longer I don't
understand how this conversation
happened Malala there great girl helping
girls alicia key there very nice song
singer yet carly very nice model than
your Billie I drop weird on my face and
my name Lily
I draw a beard on my face he saw dummies
I never do like this do I do dumb a
thing like this where'd you learn this
Rama
I never do like this dumb dressing like
a man so stupid this one also from
voices look at me
my mummy pay my tuition look at me daddy
paying for bill
look at me I'm using fake money look at
me I don't know how to pay taxes
it is a flagons it
keeping that dude perfect
what the bloody hell happening here now
you taking a shower on Instagram this is
how you do instant gram huh no no why
don't you also take a poopoo take a
picture of poopoo pause that one a
comment below let me know guess what you
think I eat I'm going to report this one
where is my fault I'm reporting also you
know after you take shower Lilly how
dirty shower is huh
look at your buddy card between there
okay that's right this offensive to me
I'm her daddy just mean a Leyden they go
and shout they fly on carpet that make
from your light hair dirty you know tell
me you meet Drake did you met a Drake
why do not let me Greg my brother you
never tell me me Drake I love a drag
yesterday you know Drake email me he's a
become Prince of some small country now
he want to transfer me five million
dollar you know you know I do prayer him
other day you know why because he's six
God he always doing like this like he
turns six upside down like a roti he
must be calling India poor connection
for hello hell hell hell are you doing
like this
I'm sorry I'm getting little Vader
there's a margin like this you know why
but happening here huh oh hey if the
rock trying to make a pebbles I rock you
trying to kiss my daughter huh please do
like this I'm such a big fan man hmm
rock rock if you watching this one can
you introduce me when a diesel please I
proved you want to marry my daughter
upon me like this
I want him show me fast and furious
universe or demon did what I'm coming
I give you birth after nine months okay
I raised you
I clean your poopoo I teach you have to
pee-pee and you do me like a desert to
me you flirting with my man girl you
know how I feel about this Zac Efron
ever since the High School Musical and
you go here like this do all my own got
it dr. Boucher me huh you know what all
the other auntie says you know this is
your OTP
they say the ship and you do like this
my own blood do like they betray me like
one more one more
okay I don't I don't know if just me but
I think I look like these guys am I in
this picture I don't I don't remember my
hair is being blonde if you like this we
have to like this video
Lord of ready choice okay that's it good
Oh follow me on instagram I I per mg the
ìiî making very nice a picture and I
wearing sleeve okay because I'm a dirty
girl
they put a spice in they really put a
little bit of spice in this I think they
mix it was a permanent marker I don't
know okay thank you good bye
it
you know I hope you enjoyed that video
if you did give a thumbs up because it
was so hard to shoot I'm really tucked
away in a corner of the hotel that we're
in Brazil so give it a thumbs up I hope
you enjoyed it my parents do actually
have Instagram accounts that you can
follow the links are in the description
column below let me know what else you
want to see my parents react to because
you know always I just want to make you
happy that's all I want to do you check
my last video right over there is called
types of friends part 3 my blog channel
rate is right over there did some cool
360 vlogs in Brazil that is super dope
you can check out also huge kind of
announcement that is kind of sad but
good but kind of sad a good I will be
taking a week off as I'm flying to Kenya
in a couple hours and I will not have
access to Wi-Fi or electricity so for
the next week there will be no vlogs and
no videos will be a one week hiatus I'm
gonna miss you so much Jannetty but
there would not I'm genuinely like I'm
sorry I'm kind of excited but I was due
a week from now thank you for your
patience and understanding umm but yeah
if I do have any electricity maybe I'll
tweet and snapchat so if you miss me
maybe you can find me there by I'm not
really sure and this also is really long
so I'm gonna go now I love you so much
and thanks for following me along with
this journey well bunch of some dope
girl love stuff in Kenya and can't wait
till you see it self one love superwoman
that is a wrap and keep oka
