where in the world is superwoman today
eh in Rio Brazil eating people car
whatever wants a girl superwoman it's
been a minute and a half since I've made
a types of people video and you're
always requesting more of this one so
welcome two types of friends part three
which means is a part one and a part two
links in the description and the gold
medal for that promo no goes to hello
friends unlike ABS I have some let's
discuss number one the insta BFF so
you're at a party right and you meet
some people that don't seem like they're
completely psychotics you're like
alright let me hang out with you let me
drink a beer with you let me eat some
with chaps with you
maybe you've exchanged some digits you
having a great time you're like this is
amazing I made some new friends and you
know what maybe this could be the start
of something great
you know with a little bit of time and
effort and birthday Instagram posts all
the things that normal friendships are
made out of this could be the start of a
great relationship then you're like
great let's hug goodbye and hopefully
I'll see you soon you hug another
person's all it okay love you bye and
you're just like ex-squeeze me you love
me how do you love based on what you
don't know anything about me you know
who loves me my mom I think my dad
sometimes my boyfriend I don't have one
but you I've had hiccups for longer than
you've been my friend you just met me my
friend request is still pending in your
Inbox
we haven't even experienced one Game of
Thrones season together it took Monica
and Rachel so many seasons to navigate
friendship okay and you go drop the
l-bomb right after the opening credits
straight up it's taking me longer to
catch pidgeys okay then it's taking me
to capture your love BRB I need to go
text Calvin Harris the word shallow but
why oh because yet how deep is your love
you're like the ocean no no
I'm really other words these people are
the insta BFFs okay the same people that
will text you after chillin with you
once being able I miss you and you miss
me how do you miss me you don't even
know what it feels like to be with me
it's stupid that you know what you
should be missing Wizards of Waverly
Place okay
fresh prints Saved by the Bell these are
things to be missed
obviously I don't say that go okay
another plasting oh my god I miss you
too XO but you're good back on play and
if it's a hot guy I Moloch oh that's so
sweet let's hang soon and if it's my ex
I'm all like new phone who this number
two
the only if friend so you're out to the
Google friends right you having a dandy
time there's like seven of you maybe
right a group dinner
maybe right a Pokemon hunt things I
thought I'd never say everybody's
getting along you're making memories
because you're being a well-developed
social person they go home go to sleep
reminisce on all your great memories and
the next day friend number three from
the group Friendship Circle ISM calls
you nazar like hey do you want to go to
a movie and I was like what thought and
I don't know you like that here's the
thing right we all have that one friend
that like we love I care about you I
love spending time with you but like not
alone in a group setting I can show with
you all day every day okay but alone
just you and I together I feel it that's
awkward never get weird and to be honest
I'm not completely convinced not a
serial killer and also I don't know if
I'll like you of no one else's around
because I swear I have a feeling that
you're really annoying and just everyone
else's characteristic just kind of your
craziest camel up at where you kind of
just kind of blend in with everyone else
I was like oh maybe just this situation
is annoying but maybe with you a lot Tim
Tim maybe you was annoyed all along
and I just didn't know and I don't I
don't want it we take all that away you
know I mean it's just you standing with
too much
you think I'm drunk but I'm not I just
feel like what some people our
friendship is dependent on other people
being there okay like a minimum of to do
or the movies a minimum of two Kathy one
cuz what if one person goes to the
washroom and then lo behold here we are
again together for 90 seconds and you
are a serial killer and then you kill me
and then I'm bleeding on them my last
breath I text my mom mom I'm gonna miss
you my mom got like new phone who this
number three the instigator
it's Monday night you have so much work
to do tomorrow morning of 8 a.m. meeting
you have no time to
laughs okay so you open your laptop and
get to work and all of a sudden get a
text message and your friends are like
yo let's go out and you're like guy I
cannot go out I have so much doing your
friend somehow convinces you with their
magical wizard powers to go up for 60
minutes just sixteen minutes of harmless
fun kit that's not a long time so you
agree because like 60 minutes that's
like two episodes of The Simpsons
they're like one episode of dose of
pussy so you say fine but you're not
drinking and you're not staying out late
obviously because you're responsible
okay remember yesterday when you floss
you're basically an academic but then
somehow seven hours later and you're
stuck between a fence and a garden gnome
reeking like vodka and skittles no not
me I'm talking about a friend that's
what this friend does they instigate bad
choices okay they convince you to go out
they can meet you to drink they make
sure everyone's having a good time they
call you up on like a Tuesday or
Wednesday and F up your whole week they
want you to eat pizza and other oily
foods and they also chill with my ex all
the time and that's why you are drunk
texting you stupid crap like you misses
me and you know what this is the best
type of friend yo fren remember last
week down my livers still hv number four
the cray cray can I just be completely
honest right now like no script like I'm
not making this an artichoke I'm being
absolutely serious right now some of my
friends are psychotic because sometimes
I friends will call me and they'll
genuinely tell me their problems and
tell me what they're thinking all this
was saying they're like holy crap you're
an insane person like I am baffled that
you have even integrated into society at
any level to be honest you're
codependent you're awkward you make
terrible choices but I still love you I
have friends who call me and will
complain about their boyfriend for like
40 whole minutes and at the end of it
all I'll be like yeah um this sounds
like your fault you lunatic
all her friends all call me and like
complain and complain about the office
knowledge like yeah but don't you think
it's kind of weird that you're there
every day even though you don't work
there we all have those friends are
absolutely crazy and we know it we're
not denying it but reckless than you you
deranged person I accept you and I love
you
it's my person and that ladies and
gentleman
was a story of me and all of my friends
because you know I swear people at the
office be pissing me off November 5
mystery friend though this one kind
someone came up to me and they asked me
what my really really really close
friend does for a living and I was like
you I have no idea that I think she's a
teacher but then I'm like she might be a
lawyer I mean we'll get me when she's my
friend and we're really close I just I
just don't know anything about her
apparently she's had a boyfriend for
like six years - I just thought she was
really close with her brother
no inside of my Falco she really doesn't
use Twitter so she does have a Twitter
bio and let's be real people I don't
have Twitter BIOS or likes scat cheese
so yeah anyways I don't have any more
jokes I'm gonna go go get it up boobs
yo hope you enjoyed that video if you
did please give it a thumbs up comment
below letting me know are there any
types of friends and I've still not
mentioned in all three of these videos
kampala let me know maybe I'll make a
fourth one who knows new chick in my
last video right over there it is called
voices it is my newest musical project
and I want to thank you for supporting
that endeavor even though was in comedy
and not stuff I usually do your support
means so much my second vlog channel is
right over there and you will check that
out because I just recently got a 360
camera and we do these dope stuff in
real you don't want to miss that because
if you miss that likely you will regret
it for the rest of your life and I'm
trying to look out for you I don't want
like your smile you're sitting on a
wheelchair you know next to your other
grab my friends it's like hey your
member caralyn made the 360 video and
you're gonna be like no I didn't watch
it and subscribe to her channel and
they're gonna wheel way because you're
not the cool ground I'm like okay well
are you Meredith I want to defin to you
yeah I mean other than that Yas you
haven't pre-ordered my book yet how to
be a buff and glide and pure and now the
link is in the description I would
HIGHLY appreciate your support with that
as well but more than anything I want
you to have a great day because that's
let's be real what matters more than any
of this other stuff if you want to watch
my videos you can click the subscribe
button because I make new videos every
Monday and Thursday ma that'd be so much
and I am NOT being an insta best friend
I actually do love you what I love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop every
day
in puberty everyday everyday I'm here to
do it
