we stand oh man where's your back effect
okay
two hearts we see thee rise the True
North strong and free
ladies explains thanks God keep our land
glorious Canada we stand on guard for
thee o Canada we stand on God
did you by the way we're in Brazil
welcome basket where we live why thank
you Donna thank you set design you made
this all possible appreciate it
welcome to situate over your what if I
wanted to go soup woman make sure you
can hear me and see me and all those
things you can God knows you won't be
able to and everything's gonna be all
asked up and all my fault
can you hear me can you see me yes yes
yes oh so I read someone saying boo so
the Americans knew everything okay what
everyone knows the woman you're alive
from real Brazil I got my kind of flag
reppin team canada i'm a moose head
repligen karen team equip camera
backwards equip a canada ever says equip
equip Canada
that's French yes bear made a Boosh
welcome passes woman laugh this is first
time you ever watching why would he be
with you on the 14th or the 15th of
every month I make a 1 hour livestream
answer questions give you shout outs
tell you what's going on my life this
one
really specially because I'm in real
Raziel for the Olympics works by the way
I'm here because of my dope partners rat
cop-calling Haneda set me here let me
slip magical Olympic miss which I never
my life thought I would do which is very
cool so you just Coco thank you so much
for making me be here and luckily Yap
people got so important to use right
Nana popcorn is people got sour potato
how do you say potato my God my God ever
answer your question some exciting
things to tell you you can join me is
mash tank ask Superman live right now
got the answer crashes and after humbles
and suffering in space you'll also see
sneak in this process all right we jump
on and yes the voice is kind
disappearing I'm sad about it but you
love me for who I am right so no problem
put in my mouth again but doctor I feel
like what you've you sounds like
Dothraki czar when I stand awarding
offensive and call me opposite people
yeah yep I'm so excited I was always so
beautiful I can show you maybe a little
bit once my laptop's in charging I'll
show you it's so awesome it's so
beautiful
we saw open swimming was right across
from a hotel two hours of swimming I saw
it at Olympic game it was amazing and
crazy also get let me tell you threw up
face before getting questions ha ha
together yeah number one I'm in Rio
anything cool number two after real I'm
going to Kenyan it's going to be very
cool I'm going to Kenya scrape from Rio
to do some amazing stuff with girl of
and making these amazing bracelet that
will employ 1400 women in Kenya I'm
going to sell those bracelets and those
proceeds will go to a scholarship fund
to help girls good secondary education
in Kenya so it's very very very cool
also I just performed at YouTube FanFest
Toronto at Molson Canaan amphitheater
and it was a lot of fun and that's why I
lost my voice just everyone came I
perform voices for the first time if you
have any questions about that feel free
to ask awesome I'm very sorry I didn't
post a video on Thursday I feel very bad
about it but today is Monday and you
will get a new video cuz I don't care
where I am in the world you get big joke
I arranged
tripod I'm here to build when I'm so on
this and I have people also beat in here
your girl has a book well it's gonna
have a book it's writing a book you
competed on my book called how to be a
boss we'll talk more about that but
let's talk about you how are you Tom
which means the hashtag ask Superman
live and your since we're real Brazil
tweet me some Olympic questions were
your favorite Olympians who are my
favorite appears what games are you most
excited to see what games are you
shocked by where are you from how many
medals you got I'll at me let me know
what's good and we'll answer all these
questions
I also also no big deal my coke says
northern pride what's that I'm the
coolest person on the planet yeah it's
correct you're correct you are correct
if this was a test you would we get
debark correct alright here we go
someone said what was your inspiration
for voices that's a really good question
so I feel like voices was twofold one of
one of my inspirations was the fact that
I feel really helpless in life sometimes
when I see a lot of things going on in
the world and I just feel like I see a
different trending topic every day and I
see a whole bunch of opinions on Twitter
of people that like there's nothing we
can do about it the world is F and
there's some people are like no like
there's something we can do there's just
so many opinions that I'm like yo these
opinions opinions are very reflective of
the voices in my head and I feel like
one of the reasons people feel like they
can't take action is because some of
their voices tell them they can't so one
of the points of voices was like yo yeah
you'll have a lot of voice in your head
some of them saying like it's hopeless
some of them saying it's not your
problem some of them saying no you can
do something it's okay to have those
voices as long as you pick which ones
act upon and I'm encouraging people to
act upon that voice that says no we will
do something to change it second to that
is I always get this people come up to
me more often than are like how are you
so positive all the time and that's not
true I'm not positive all the time I am
choose to be a positive person but I
definitely have a sad voice in me I
definitely have a negative voice in me I
definitely have a voice inside me that
constantly tells me I can't do it and
that I'm not good enough it's okay to
have those voices the point of this part
was it's okay befriend those voices and
choose to act on the voices that make
you feel empowered that's
voices good question you can tweet me
using the hashtag ask superwoman live do
it do it now good no I also you I use it
wanted grab like some people carve your
own and some drank of your own some coke
of course I'm coca-cola of your own grab
myself a drink
grab yourself some popcorn is my time a
wine I'm sure I'm chilly right here like
this invisible school I am chilling del
Webb may his voice is gonna be on iTunes
it is not gonna be on our team so voices
knocking on Spotify or iTunes or
anything else it's just gonna be on my
channel that's the only place I want
that party to live and that is the own
place it will so feel free to go to my
channel and listen to it over and over
and over and over again and if it makes
you feel good about yourself feel free
to rip it so I don't get any views and
and listen to it that way whatever
floats your boat for that project is
what I want you to UM
if you have to pick a man who would it
be fousey or uses my answer this
question is why do you think those
around with you options oh I could pick
any man alone and to be honest I see a
lot of these tweets yeah we have a
system people who ask questions and when
you feel appropriate
humble you are gonna be controller of
the drum thing okay when you feel
appropriate you're gonna smack the drum
thing okay the drum thing people always
tweet me these questions
I love Yusuf and I Love Lucy I love them
he says you're the same person while
signals I love you so and I love swoozie
but I always like so that hurts your
ears apologies in events people had
treatment this and I'm always that kind
of semi offended because I'm like why
are these the only two people you think
I can get what if I don't like what if I
don't want to be with these what if I
like someone else
why do you guys want to celebs are
having humbled you're going to talk
after come on scream so hard would
finish your racing the Toros
I don't want another potato donor but
that because it affects the way I speak
Rio in honor of also being embryo we had
this also my good friend Hinata is from
Brazil choose with us we have discovered
that Portuguese sounds like Dothraki
allow me to show you how to I say I need
the car second what's his name
Shekhar's preseason proceed oh dude Rock
I see you see a humble chair gonna get
in here
humble bar ladies enjoy and humble the
poet welcome to the party nice okay
questions are you planning to do my
music in the future yes I am to be
honest I'm mostly creative voices when I
did even though I had the idea for so
long because I wanted to perform it at
YouTube FanFest wait humble you can't
come unless you wear this near moveset
from
nice this is almost thinking face
extreme thinking phase right now come on
join us it's fine okay
don't I am Li release new music this one
was just little a tease of something I
was feeling but in the future maybe not
immediate future I will be releasing my
music yes yes it's loaded they're just
joined welcome to ask Superman life they
lack some real Brazil and anything like
what the f are you sure because there's
no telling but I swear we are welcome
look there look at that look at that
look at that cleavage look at that
cleavage right there look at that that's
Brazil oh don't get no more Brazil also
this Canadian flag we had to rent it
from a street vendor for a hundred
dollars that's the deposit we had to lie
that yeah yeah
so we went we went hand for this set
design and I'm here to see the Olympics
Eugene also coca-cola Canada or
partnering with me and bring me to the
Olympics I'm so excited to I'm gonna
create some dope vlogs and I have a 360
camera that they gave me which I'm
really excited to use because I don't
even know how to go about editing that
but I'm gonna figure it out and so Seco
some dope dope law so shouts to them
talk more about that though alright more
questions that go and then in two
minutes I'm gonna teach you how you can
win the first shadow as you know I hold
the people's names and give shout out so
I'm gonna teach you how to do that
momentarily more questions on Twitter
all 15,000 of you I love you so much
thank you so much for joining us hope
you see any good questions ask them ask
the questions okay
take my coke or take five since you're
in Brazil have you been to the parts
where they film Fast Five tomorrow
you feel that's my view yeah Fast Five
is my favorite one that's my favorite
one
I swear that's my favorite one
what is it oh my god
basically I'm gonna be in Fastback
tomorrow is what's gonna happen
yes we're gonna visit that's okay more
questions more questions Ella humble
help me or some questions about huh when
the next clouds in bed you don't know
when it's gonna be bad no legs like do
you want to collab with and I will just
say that I see all your comments to
collaborate with a certain girl and
separately a certain boy and I see all
the suggestions and I will be
collaborating both of them maybe I'm
saving it for December because what's in
December 12 collabs of Christmas so yes
I will be sued I have a question from
Nina TARDIS says you could do anything
in the Olympics what would be okay if I
was gonna win no Olympic sport let's be
real it's not sleeping it's not sleeping
I really believe I could win two Olympic
things they're very specific but I do
believe I believe I could win I believe
I could pick two things one frizzy
eating I think I can eat an enormous
amount of freezies in a small amount of
time maybe not speed but it would be one
of those like endurance well I could eat
probably I I bet you I can eat a hundred
reasons today and not feel any type of
way well I would pace myself but I do
like the I think I could eat like 200
species I swear the second thing is
there's a game um I don't know what you
I don't know what you youth are calling
it today but back in my day it was
called bejeweled the game bejeweled
I feel like I'm Olympic level status in
that game I'm not a single person that
can beat me I'm so fast at it and I'm so
good at it
so you're get it all right beyond
ourselves we have ourselves a
competition then because I'd look I
would get the gold medal in that I
thought you're really throwing you can
see that we deal is a no-brainer
I just want to stand in front of them
like so I say infernal hum oh who were
at the airport Oh
next question here we go okay let me
tell you how to win the first shut up
here's I'm gonna do it's gonna be on
Facebook so head on over to my facebook
facebook.com slash III superwoman I I
and what's gonna happen is by the way
the second channel is definitely gonna
be to someone using the hashtag ask
Superman live so go ahead and do that
no no we're gonna do that a little bit
I'll do that in a little bit but I'm
going to post my latest video which is
called voices you've been talking and
I'm gonna say twin a live show live
shout-out click Share to my picture to
click share on that's what it is English
and kind of click Share on my newest
musical project voices boom but alive
should I put your mind using over that
is there you're gone so what you do is
if you go to my facebook place it up on
this guy's superval III and you have to
share that video I'll let that similar
as if it were asparagus and butter for a
few minutes and then I will come back in
time all right
northern pride cope by the way remember
one of my videos I showed you the play a
coke app where like I have my own
playlist on the team super ones for this
one if you use a play a call app and use
this northern Prai bottle the playlist
is completely Canadian and you know I
love all things Canadian you know what's
up name some five billion things go oh
Henry Tron elite beliefs but humble
what's in oh Henry every to exist it is
the only known fear factor correct
so funny story sorry time Kyle who's the
brand manager girl love was at my house
over at the hotel for why PFF and humble
first of all when humbles hungry he's
not a human being he's like a different
person he's legit a different person's a
horrible human being in the best way
possible and so he said to Kyle get me
anything from the give me in store give
me any chocolate Kyle comes back and his
exact words were they had no normal
chocolate theirs had all these weird
ones and he pulls out an arrow possibly
the most popular chocolate in Canada
they didn't have been on arrow in
America barely it's pretty good that
uber only cost me $8 Canada car rack do
you get how many miles I don't how many
keep me let me know which country you're
repping
which sporting event you're looking
forward to using the hashtag ask
supermel I've also be superwoman and
share the video that I just posted to
win a live shout out hello where are
your priorities
nothing's more important to me writing
your name on a piece of paper and doing
it in this live stream right now nothing
nothing don't convince yourself with the
game's more important than this not
enough here we go here we go how many
good questions okay what no you can read
the question I'll answer the question I
never have an opinion on drama simply
because I do not waste my energy on
drama I don't judge any of these
situations or the people in the
situation's instead I make videos every
Monday and Thursday and vlogs every
single day and I work that's what I do
I don't do drama I work while you tweet
were you sleeping out work while you
write into yong-gi work okay
that's what's up son okay next question
okay Canadian question okay I'm gonna
need your support on this the question
is just this bag of milk asks rice cake
yes in Canada no they're asking why oh
why in Canada our milk comes in bags yes
everyone makes fun of this cuz
everywhere else comes in cartons we have
bags it's you ripped open of milk I
don't know why they're in yeah I feel
like it's not your doing so maybe maybe
Americans are just married that could be
why there you have it from humble of all
days and ever why America doesn't have
the Olympics did you know it's Indian
Independence Day happy Independence
dandiya I did know that happy
Independence Day I don't chase is
dropping a video for that so make sure
you check that out when that happens I
am in that video there's two more
reasons to check it out Russia also has
bags of milks breaking news I need to
start a child humble here we get a tally
going up how we play so we have Canada
we have Russia we have Brazil tweet me
letting me know your bags of milk
cartons of Oh boxes of milk balls of
milk I would like to know what your milk
comes in let's keep this PG what does
your milk come in PG answers only okay
here we go we'll put some more questions
and one minute I'm a check Facebook I am
aware most of my milestones of 100
stress me out okay because I know every
hundred whatever video means a t-shirt
rap and can I just tell you that of all
the videos I make that video is the
hardest most
time consuming stressful video to make
many know me lilies are harmed many
many a Louise are harmed I don't know
what to do that I'll be home but if I am
out having best to do it imagine you
having to wear every single t-shirt and
right around it's just very difficult
Yolo unless I hire who to do it I don't
know if it's a napkin but I would say
all the time for this video that's very
cool I have cartons of milk oh no you
can't just tell me enough cards IDs know
where you're from
to keep the tally this is our own little
Olympic game India and eggs and milk
India begs a milk I got okay I guess
what have I guess memories were half
have lungs right did oh I see what
you're saying
I don't feel the girls are sexy so I
don't think that they can on gills I
think that's at once
that's gross I don't like the way girls
look so I'm gonna go with they have
lungs
these have magic ones thanks I'm looking
where No okay Estonia bags of America it
looks like it's just you learning
something important today I've been made
up so many times by friends and America
for my bags of milk yes that came all
how I said it
that's exactly whatever Costa Rica's
bags milk yeah
New Zealand doesn't have things in them
but Austria has or Austria has milk
cartons damn it we're on a Polish
bottled milk whoo that's fancy but yeah
I thought bottled milk only was yeah
dang dang alright I'm a tweet all right
now currently currently currently live
join join in boom chugga
oh wait that's my voices link
yes yes oh okay let's go in ten seconds
I'm gonna refresh my page
you've won y'all a shout out and maybe I
will get nada to help me out because not
as beautiful writing five four three two
one
booyaka booyaka okay let's do it
I am picking someone who I am picking
could be you stand by stand by
okay I got someone I got someone I'm
gonna I'm gonna write no no this is our
Facebook in the mean time when you
answer questions humble you make us both
boxes of milk and bags enough Macedonia
exact notecards Qatar and Jordan nice
and open courts awesome this is any
questions here do you believe oh c'mon
go slow what team are you on
humble I would love for you to answers
question I don't play because I feel
like it will destroy my life I think
it's a really cool thing
downloading yeah however what I did
learn is if you say to Lily late night
hey Lily go so we got some food transfer
will be no they say hey Lily I'm gonna
be the subway that's the Pokemon answer
Moby I'm getting my shoes Shh
I do play but I haven't played in so
long because I realized that when you're
catching flies you can't catch pokemon
I'm just really really super busy and I
haven't been able to play but I love
Pokemon I'm the red team I don't
remember one name that is but I'm the
red team Grenada tins of milk made up
okay yeah if you could just make that
thick or that would be great okay we got
the first shadow coming momentarily
momentarily
oh yeah I'll give you this
everything is doing because there are a
little bit behind
thank you all 13,000 people watching I
appreciate it so much wherever you are
in the world whatever time it is
whatever team you reppin we appreciate
you being here spending this time with
us okay I love Victoria I would the
concert they slay especially my girl
Deena Dinah
they call her both and I'm confused
shininess but I love her she's like a
young young safe I don't know I'm saying
that it's like you know she's a dope and
she's really a good performer and they
all are so good and they're so nice we
went back it was actually because that
mostly pain out there too to where I
perform and so we went backstage to meet
them they were so kind and so nice and
so chill I love those girls the best
that's the best something to say all
right next question boy says based on my
voices oh you have a boy's inside your
head that that people might not be aware
of
yeah my favorite line of voices was I'm
working hard to make my family proud
maybe they just want to see anymore they
just want to see more and that's the
truth sometimes we work so hard we want
them to be the glue of everything and
they're like why don't you just keep
knitting with us that's all we really
care about you don't really care about
all this game and all the stuff that
comes with sit down have been in with us
except that we're going to done up you
know with something but what are you
doing with you that's what the
contradicting voice comes in he pop that
he popke okay the person who won the
first shout out if your name starts with
an A it is not you you did not win I'm
so sorry to do that to you but if your
name started with an H and your name's
not humble then you could have won a
person when the first shuttle is kaylee
Conn thank you so much we'll close we're
here
thank you so much Helle if you missed
out after Simon's daddy will be on my
channel you can pause rewind screenshot
do the damn thing I want to know use the
hashtag ask super life
what Olympic events you want to see me
go to and what do you want to see me
doing real well I'm here at the Olympics
what would excite you to see on my vlog
channel let me know what are you showing
me Jimmy again come o question that
favorite song at the moment voices no
I'm gonna go with voices my favorite
song right now is voices that's a song I
like I don't give a smile that's voices
which one in voices um my favorite side
okay the most fun one to perform to me
is the first one it's a coffee one but I
think the second one is really real I
think the second one I was like my feels
manage it beautiful coming up the sexy
one the sexy one okay yeah I'll say it
was hard for me to write all these
things that I'm so shy when it comes
these things and I had to show humble
them first I've never done that and so
like that really made our friendship
strong because I think they call mo can
you listen to me trying to be sexy
because I don't think it's good and even
if I will you hear me she wrote that so
she write my rhymes oh snap if you could
add any sports to the Olympics what
would it be hmm
getting writing you I think getting you
ready should be a sport humble would not
win humble would not qualify and being
allowed to participate out for do you
want
like oh we are real Brazil right now
turning up feeling good
shadows Coco counter for having me here
pretty I'm gonna say that much will the
end actually absolutely important to say
at the end is last you want everyone to
know that's the important stay but we're
to save until the end is the final
thought if you think but your final you
should thinking of one tweet me using
hashtag ask Superman live in about two
minutes I'm gonna pick a winner someone
tweeted using that hashtag then I'm
gonna give them this second shout outs
hear me now let go here we go
ooh okay also we've only been in Brazil
a for hours yet yes we landed a nap yes
so we will attend of this tell you what
we have but let us know what you I see
if you were here what you would want to
see all you guys seen my gloves let me
know let me know let me know okay let's
see have you ever posted a video or a
vlog with an ex
maybe and you'll never know about it
just promise the guys will take them to
get something right after thank you yeah
okay yeah no questions humble I'm still
getting milk sweets good question
no I should be writing my book I'm gonna
use my opportunities in real cuz I
thought I'm gonna be real with this
beautiful mountain that looks like
cleavages and look and look at them and
he's fired you're right because they'll
be like look at these mountains now I'm
gonna write and teach you how to move
them teach you how to move mountains I
would be in front of mountains for
inspiration I'm so behind but I promise
I wouldn't start writing
Xena asked what is it doughnuts all the
doughnuts leave the money more question
is okay at least once a day I get this -
your addresses right now yes I know
Scotland's animal is a unicorn I feel
like I get texts and tweets about this
all the time
so Michelle I appreciate so much I know
Scotland is dope because they're
national animal is the Unicorn
and that's amazing that is amazing
where's my book get my book back okay I
had to tell you a few things that I want
to tell you number one is oh yes I've
really brought this up and now I'll talk
about I'm letting some sentimental music
please if you could to make with your
mouth and also computer make for me
rough little bit look maybe that maybe
that yeah I want to go very like a team
team super team super I'm really sorry
for not posting a video on Thursday and
I know you think that it's not a big
deal but to me it's a big deal
yeah okay no no you're not hired man you
just just instrumental any okay no
chicken I'm really sorry sorry you can
ask him I feel so bad on Thursday for
not making video always go back and I
know it's been happening a lot recently
I'm trying my best I think I saw the
book writing a lot things happening but
I'm trying and I'm sorry I'm gonna post
a video today and I want you to know
that access me every single time I'm so
sorry here I honestly probably care more
than any of you here I care so I like it
ruins my day it legit the next 24 hours
I'm so mad at myself it's true I do care
but um yeah on that note now that I'm
apologized for that there is a chance
that when I go to Kenya I will not post
anything for a week and that was my
segue to that reason being when I go to
Kenya I think I'm only gonna have
electricity for six hours a day and I
don't think it'll physically be possible
for me to post anything including blogs
I'm gonna double-check on this but there
might be a week of hiatus when Lily
takes a legit one week bye bye from
posting anything and we'll be away from
each other
music music dramatic music heartbroken
over and I will miss you so much okay
more questions more questions and then
in 30 seconds I'm picking self a winner
that is using the hashtag ask so go on
my live I love my channel I want to
marry Marshall I think Marcel is great I
should answer like oh will we go back
soon there's no more polka ooby boca de
polka okay what is your favorite Selena
Gomez song and kissing Selena Gomez yes
I can sing my sexy or something I just
want to look good for you good for you
huh wait I'm gonna recreate one of our
Instagram pictures it's actually I think
the most popular picture on it to them
it is the most popular picture on
Instagram she might not be wearing the
ears in it but would it got more if you
know what I'm just saying okay ready can
you make my win hair blue hold that with
that they said a coke slippage no
problem second any bullets I went take a
screenshot for a second and compared
this to her picture because of what
Dempsey 5-liter Gomez's picture like
that because she has one it's a most
popular on Instagram and put them side
by side and tell me that what are twins
tell me were not twins
I dare you oh if I design fight for
unicorn Island it would be similar to my
video intro so the colors with the
Superman you know somebody unicorn it
weird
come I want you to pick a winner that
use the hashtag ask people I have some
that has a good question
write their name down I'm gonna make it
happen maybe not I can make their name
up drunk again
Oh user on the side paper okay how will
you pick a name law is very hard to
impress oh wow
first thing I look question marks okay
um how long my stay in Brazil for a
super moons unicorn until Thursday
all right the 18th and then went to
Kenya
from you kisses it every amateur no it's
amazing where falls your lungs suck if
you have gills okay someone just show me
an ad on Craigslist it says two unicorns
let's delve of 1.86 million I love it it
says serious inquiries only humble yeah
yeah oh my god you're right son swifty
my nose is an itchy design my nose is
itchy during every single live stream
was not easy today oh my god it's a real
error it cured me I'm good look at me
look at me I'm a new person
look at me look at me oh my god I'm like
those things in video games Mario
listening to flybys oh my god I get can
you make the star noise not a shoe
already my writing hurt they handle it
please excuse me someone needs phone
certification on this process okay my
question thank you so much for being
here by the way there's still another
shout out to giveaway still answering
more questions still a lot of stuff give
us some challenges as well use the
hashtag the problem and you know
fouseytube mentions during every vlog I
did not know that seems super Serbia I
do not so I wish I come out now to make
sure see what he's saying
as to who lavish ended in India Indians
you hold it down you hold it down so
hard
everything trends in India eyes on your
special shout out mind in unicorns all
hold it down everyone else holds it down
as well but y'all I see you I see you um
oh my God look look look at this Selena
look at me what I feel like I'm gonna
retweet this go on my Twitter right now
I'm gonna retweet I'm actually gonna
quote tweet because that's how impressed
I am with this can't tell the difference
though I'm just saying I'm just saying
okay the person win the next shadow hum
what would you like to announce it one
would say they are rather do my heart
the first one is dear tomorrow thank you
so much for being here was supposed to
if you miss that you can pause your mind
thank you so much for being here
spending your time with us truly want
it's a humble take us in let's just have
a woman come close I sorta have a moment
take this in right we're sitting here in
Rio Brazil are we not sitting here
there's 11,000 people around the world
right now we're sitting somewhere in the
world and they've decided for these 60
minutes we're gonna sit in front of our
computer our phone iPad whatever
whatever we're gonna join in this
conversation and I was a conversation
happening with thousands of people
they're on the same place the same time
isn't that awesome
so if we were to do this and we also do
this all do this into thing we could all
like be connected ready you're going to
relocate ready ready you feel that you
feel that magic cuz I did
I'd really like to feebleness I hope we
give you the last shout out how much we
give the last shadow um you can the last
shout out by telling me the most
creative Olympic related thing you want
to see in a vlog tell me that what you
want to see based on the Olympics of
Brazil in my blog tweet me use the
hashtag ask Superman live and then I
will pick someone who gives the most
creative suggestion because I really do
wanna make these vlogs without a 360
camera yeah
go hook me up nod they woke me up so I
want to just admit I don't think I need
one understands outside a little pieces
together because I always use like just
simple things I never had these guys
just like I'm not the creator that has
like drones and knows how to use them
but this DC I'm excited about this I'm
very excited ok a suburban life is
trending in the u.s. bigger bigger
bigger big up yourself I'm watching
around watching sorry not as every
frozen item analyzing what do you all
cash is combo question question give a
some challenges give us all the things
standing in Canada die a troublemaker cm
knows see how I knew her name's you
always up to no good I love her gargle
the Canadian national anthem
well alright homeboy you ready for this
gotta help what do you mean
I think that's impossible is that in the
possible things you know he's actually
possible I think you get both singing at
the same time I think you're just
shrinking Museum see you trick me you're
doing it that's I'm Emily to give you
the point brother that was very
impressive
I got a voice in the imaginary game that
doesn't exist on balls got a point try
to get a piece of food in your mouth
from before head without using your
hands now you know how hot I hope
somebody is I might wind up on I did not
get it
see can you put it boys with your mouth
stretched with your hands okay oh man
better
somebody's I think how can you make this
appointment s sign and how many while
holding as many coke bottles as possible
I don't know if we have that many coke
bottles we do
all right let's do this
my record is one all right stand by
we're getting the props for that one
someone said do your best man does
things impressions right humbly first
okay if not even good Cellini still
doing it nobody thinking all right easy
we all got more than this not to you
down to bidness with the glass once they
drop oh well you asked for where you at
where you at
listen look explore right here will you
ask why is it were drumming by someone
coming amazing accomplishment right now
okay we need don't forget I need you to
tell me what you want me to vlog at the
Olympics in Rio that's where we can lash
out or to someone's will use any company
so funny see um can you focus on that
one pipe I feel ready you booked with
this one
then you put this one you know are you
wouldn't don't all right you're looking
for the Olympic Rio related question oh
yeah I Superman live is trending in
Serbia yay
um okay more questions
hmm really act like humble when he loses
and monopoly deal no problem from okay
here's what a cheat that's like well if
you need to cheat to make yourself you
but no I understand if you need is this
is what you need to make yourself feel
better than I I'm not gonna listen you
you want that's fiction
yeah okay you guys are right now know
what they want to see my blogs
oh so many times each other I like to
point that out so hot that might um the
cameras fogging up oh just kidding it
was just Sun good questions questions
good okay no josephus ask me I do not
know what happens to use this motorcycle
I did not take it I swear I kind of wish
I did but I did not take it I do not
exactly exactly are you going to see the
Christ the Redeemer yes tomorrow how do
you say yes and see ever seen elbow
that's Dothraki for yes I am humble you
find one no humbles not impressed yet
ladies and gentleman not impressed what
do you want to see my vlog what do you
want to see my vlogs from Rio Olympics
what do you want to see me do do it do
it do it do it
maybe there's getting a second because
we're ahead of them Oh
go gargling with coke Rick we're clear
broth I appreciate that the gargling
with coke tribunal anthem I love you
should send us videos try and do the
same thing or you should go a little
coke and try sending me your favorite
part of voices do that send me a
favorite part of voices
Go Go Go Go Go 360 view Luxio it's not
been a be dope Tami dope with one of our
own Olympic athletes oh I like that
who's that okay wait let's let's find
that person make them win
oh that's really good that's really good
you didn't use the hashtags I'm still
gonna Nadine said pranking watch earns
by pretending you're an Olympian I do
have a tracksuit here I'm just gonna
point that out to everyone I do own a
tracksuit just dick around humble you
could be doing this now your water dries
like like that I like that
alright okay because I'm a real animals
did you try to get into the Today Show
credit koko Cabana Beach and blog
gymnastics I think something right now
though she's mastered salmon right now
I mean Copa Copacabana where they're
done okay humble we need a winner we
don't want to pick a winner write the
name down and guess my nose starting to
itch no bald words I think she should be
the winner she's finding better okay now
do you pick a winner it's up to you
write down is doing this do it let's do
it trending in Greece number 2 training
in Greece as Superman live doe
if I'm trending where you are please
send me a screenshot I'd love to see
them and I will be doing Beth I will be
doing montage in a circle like Bev I
know you're dying cuz I don't like
that's a better friend right who vlog
you running around the Olympic track
that would take like a that would be
like a 57 minute blog that's great
that's pretty good
I'm really bad at running but I will do
it I will do ho ho slow mo Ron yeah
Michael Phelps Olympic swimmer try to
meet Michael Phelps Michael Phelps one
of the most accomplished people in the
Olympics ever he has more medals in some
countries you know I would like to meet
Michael Phelps can you do this team
super would like me to meet Michael
Phelps and therefore we need to make it
happen I think you should fully hang out
with our gold medalist penny we have
access oh we're gonna try okay oh she
won a bronze who our girl she's New
Jersey native her name is it D Haj
Mohammed if T Haj Mohammed is the fencer
from America right she's an American
offensive and I believe she bought
herself a bronze medal yesterday I wanna
meet her alright let's congratulate her
I will do the last shut or two your
handle is double agent oh and your
question was oh the statement was
lilian of all vault oh okay I suppose
with this first humble good this because
the Sun is a little bit thank you so
much if you miss it don't worry after
this is done you can pause why do all
that stuff we are pretty much out of
time but the conversation does have to
end because the conversation carries on
on Twitter and on Instagram and Facebook
and I'm all of them and on everything
else
humble do you have your ending thought I
would like you to go first if you don't
mind
well I'm minding but now is all gonna be
about 50 odd Muhammad died and how
wonderful and inspiring she is look you
guys can see her from my screen that
works for you on screen D this year from
New Jersey logging it down for the East
Coast and I just love the fact that she
doesn't allow herself to get involved in
any type of controversy term world she
lets her actions do the talking
actions are worth way more than words
don't listen to what a person says to
you listen to what they do it's a lot
could be like all your important but
they never make time for you a lot of
people say a lot of stuff and their
actions contradict their words the
actions are more important also I'd like
to add to that words live actions can
like consistency speaks the truth boys
everybody who doesn't understand what
bothers news when you write lines to
call bars musical bars and when they're
hot fire bars so any type of saying this
is wonderful papaya bars
combos ending thought I would like to do
it my ending thought is actually heavily
based upon experience I'm going through
right now which is that as I mentioned
I'm here partnering with coke at the
Olympics in Rio and I want to talk about
that for a second because humble noses
that anyone that knows you all those
that only work with people with
organization companies that are whether
it's friends or was not that add value
to my life and I feel like that's
important to make many decisions in our
life sometimes we were tempted to make
decisions based
superficial things are based off just
just we made poor choices I would like
to encourage you to make decisions and
choices based on the experiences you get
in return
I think experiences are very important
in life I think when you can learn
something new from experience or from a
relationship from a partnership that is
a value and way more important than some
of the other more temporary attractive
elements that may occur in life so I
just want to encourage you all to chase
experiences more than anything else and
on that I want to say thank you so much
for letting me come to the Olympics
because I know not in my life I would be
going to the Olympics that's like so
cool I wasn't even on my bucket list you
know the thing they're so cool were like
this for me to make my book see that's
what I'm saying I wouldn't even have
thought to put it on my bucket list so
thank you so much I'm gonna make some
awesome vlogs the 360 camera they gave
me and I hope you all enjoy them so
excited here I feel humble before I got
you I'm like the thing I'm most excited
about is to make laws here I just want
to make does every on a daily basis I
have to make vlogs every like this is my
life and I love those but it's like I'm
gonna be like artistic and creative I
think I'm very excited some go chase
experiences shoutouts travel I
appreciate so much you still give you a
shake still keep treating us we'll be on
Twitter follow my blog follow along the
journey and follow me on snapchat
following the journey as well I sizzle
my iron Gumbel's is that's what's up
thank you so much for joining I love you
so much
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
bang
