where in the world is superwoman today a
Italy Buon Giorno what everyone's a girl
superwoman and know what you're thinking
what the f are you doing sitting in
front of a Windows XP desktop I'm at
this dog camp in Italy it is so
inspirational and I feel so motivated so
I decide to make is very serious adult
mature shut up go Mac laptop Red John
the ball McCloud waves and taste chop
very mature video called five reasons
you will succeed and four I start I want
you to envision close your eyes also but
like look at me up saying that maybe
let's close one yeah and I kinda like
that I want to do this and vision your
goals your dreams what you want to
accomplish I vividly imagine it now I'm
going to tell you why you will
accomplish that number one tech do you
realize that we're absolutely spoiled
brats to be living in the time that
we're living where all information is
literally at our fingertips that you can
learn anything with a mouse and if your
house does not rodents like you can use
a computer how to install a baby seat
Google how to tie a tie YouTube how to
practice for a job interview BuzzFeed
how to lighten your armpits I mean what
no no I was actually my friend how to
find a boyfriend what who is going
through my soldier sweet sexy guy to
stop stop can I ask a really honest
question what possible excuse could you
have for failing when everything you
need to know is readily available to you
this is a privilege that previous
generations did not have which is why
your parents raised you in a weird way
and you're kind of effed up whatever you
want to do in life research the F out of
it you have an endless library and in
the words of Arthur the aardvark having
fun isn't hard if you have a library
card
indeed Arthur indeed having fun is it
hard if you've got a library card number
two parental unit chances are if you're
watching this you're in a pretty decent
life situation you know you got a
computer or phone you got Wi-Fi in which
case you'll hey you want to go through
my search history and chances are you
have all of this because your parents
worked really really hard and put a lot
of time and energy into providing for
you for example my parents are
immigrants and I get reminded at least
once a week that my dad came to this
country with four dollars in his pocket
working five jobs
single week and a lot of my success is
because the sacrifices my parents made
and the work they put in I had a cheer
squad since day one squad goals and it's
gonna the average person can relate you
know unless your parents like crackheads
and stuff and your dad was douchebag
in which case in which case this whole
part the video might just be really
frustrating because maybe you're a
Mobley and you got a bandit in the
jungle and something in which case my
bad but I'm sure you had somebody there
since day one
that's had your back and you're gonna
succeed because they couldn't work for
you so the next time you slack I don't
want to work or know that you're not
just wasting your own time and energy
you're wasting the time and energy the
people who supported you and you don't
want to get out Little Mermaid with a
bomber club number three your dope a F
so you'll check this out right I'm going
to blow your mind no one on this planet
is crazy in the same way that you are
crazy
no one is you don't have the same
characteristics as you which means no
one can do exactly what you do even if
two people are doing the exact same
thing they're not gonna do them in
exactly the same way it's unpossible -
dancers can't dance exactly the same -
artists can't paint exactly the same -
doctors will not heal people in exactly
the same way that's just a very cracks
okay I know you think you want AB nearly
wiping so tumblr let me explain though
if no one can be exactly like you that
means it doesn't make any sense for you
to compete with other people the only
person you have to compete with is the
older version of yourself stay with me
you are going to succeed are you ready
this you are going to succeed because
the world is waiting for what you have
to offer because no one else can offer
exactly what you have to offer and if
you don't work hard and you waste that
opportunities that you didn't show up to
a job interview that you already had in
the bag so not be done you're done done
beat up my camera number four or rather
 you're a homo sapien you know how
amazing that makes you we're Homo
sapiens a peon see you in twice
you're a homo sapien safety and
obviously you know how dope that makes
you human beings have this natural
amazing desire to do more push limits
and be ambitious it's the most annoying
quality you have with the most amazing
quality we have that's why we went to
the mother effin moon that's why we're
exploring Mars you think that's easy
that takes time money and effort people
are doing that do they not know netflix
exists that's why you want to catch so
many imaginary pokemon that a Dragonite
autumn like white is that it dragon i
just want to be included I'm not really
sure this Dragon it-it's just Dragon
Knight is that it contains some buddy
Google legacy technology you are going
to succeed because you are a human being
and it is embedded in your DNA to push
further and want to succeed you'll
remember that time that humans made the
Taj Mahal before there was any legit
machinery those your brothers and
sisters don't waste that energy so
congrats on being a human that's a great
start on your path to success because
straight up there are too many human
bodies that have a sloth work ethic you
are a human act like it number five you
have a struggle everyone has a struggle
they're passionate about
- mental health because I was a sad
person and I want to talk about those
issues I also really big believer in
feminism because I know what it feels
like to be treated lesser because I'm a
female
maybe you're just racism because you've
experienced racism maybe it's
anti-bullying because you were bullied
maybe it's animal rights because you
live next to a slaughterhouse
maybe it's cancer because someone you
know lost the battle to cancer you will
succeed because you recognize that
within your success lies the ability to
help those causes because let's be real
let me real people who slack and don't
do it don't change the rule but you you
want to change the world and you wanna
help those causes that affected you and
act you up now I'm gonna stop saying you
will succeed and instead I'm gonna wait
for you to show me you will or rather
show yourself you will succeed because
you have everything you need what Power
Team yo pew enjoyed this video I know
it's not like my usual videos but I'm
just so inspired by everything happening
in Italy I'm sorry for the sound but
what's the lesson success doesn't come
without resilience also maybe we should
invest in proper audio equipment that's
beside the point I have two awesome
things to tell you one if you like the
way I think and you like that yes I talk
about you like all the tips and tricks
that give you
here of my book called how to be about
the link is in description strip without
loosing book calm so do that if you like
the damn thing also second cool
announcement related to boughs is my
signature box lipstick in collaboration
with Smashbox will now be a built on the
following places Sephora and shoppers in
Canada and Sephora Ulta Nordstrom's and
Macy's in the u.s. I also have two
appearances in Toronto on August 5th and
August 6th the links are in the
description all the information is in
the description so go check that out if
you didn't like this video I'm sorry I'm
on a beach I'm in Italy I'm eating
papaya got time for this what you mean
shoutouts on before holding the camera
and like a tripod like a boss you don't
anyone check my last wheels right over
there you shake tripod on purpose you
mother-effer
I appreciate you watching my last videos
right over there I wanna check out my
blogs right over there make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and you'll
honestly from the bottom of my heart I'm
not talking crap I'm saying this stuff
because it sounds good you are gonna SN
succeed you're gonna do it and I'm so
happy that I get to experience it at the
same time that you're gonna change the
world I'm patiently waiting hi
