whatever wanted to girls superwoman and
welcome to the girl love series
I'm here with possibly three of the
hottest moms on the planet with Mila
Kristen and Catherine how many kids you
havin how old are they one 21 months two
three and one and a half of 19 and
counting
I stocked all of you I know everything
you're gonna say that's great um so
would you say that you are good moms or
bad moms I think I wake up every morning
with the idea that I'm gonna be a great
mom and then ultimately fail within five
seconds per day nice I don't like
judging myself as a mom deep mad I judge
myself sorry yes myself every day nice
and I do try my best and when I fail
which is often I'm totally okay with it
you're like a tumblr quote you're
walking tumbler quote I I am I love my
kids and I get like when I'm putting
them to bed or reading stories I'm never
happier a lot like me eating fries okay
well let's find out I wouldn't take in
fun if you're a good mom and I mind s
down for it is I think thanks I love
prom
Thanks and get me honest real friends
you're right we're all friends okay so
if I want to continue with my tumblr
cool yeah you you know why this is your
world tell Chad you'd do what you wanted
to okay if I just wanted to go like this
like I could you could where's number
one have you ever forgotten your child
anywhere not yet none of you forgot to
get anywhere no oh this is 21 months you
can barely walk it's already forget I
don't they're fucking loud
and they said find your iPhone is always
on yeah I've had nightmares where I have
and then I was like my baby my
girlfriend dreamt that she gave birth to
a goldfish this conversation is gonna be
the best form of birth control for me
personally a lot of nice have you ever
sworn at your child hats or just around
but still around around all the time
okay Wow tunable act yes shit got real
the other day because she said hey look
how I can put my bathing suit top on all
by myself this
four days ago and she said see fuck you
know my head and it was used correctly
it wasn't used at any local this one
said namaste in my head slightly walked
out of the room and left this have you
ever genuinely forgotten not in a dream
that you had a kid your moments
different moment have you ever let your
child watch TV TV for an entire day an
entire day yes you little but like for
an extended period time yes okay nice
someone was sick have you ever let your
kid go without a shower for more than
three days oh gosh yeah that's like a
no-brainer
it's not good to wash your hair that
much have you ever given your kids meds
so that you shot up and go to sleep
no what do you mean by yesterday all the
time
no judgment this is this really sorry
pain I feel like I someone again
somebody was sick and maybe on the man
no that doesn't count I was like you
still need babies okay
true if he is sticking on the men that
doesn't count cuz I was just getting
really used to considered it
yeah good okay have you ever seen your
kid eat something that they weren't
supposed to eat and just look away come
on
go pirates all the time what was your
mode was touchin and Commander Patti
Adam a piece of dogshit I can't wait to
have kids have you ever let your kid hit
another kid because your kid is an OG
and other punk kid deserve it come on
come on ya girl love is all about
empowering other women and not you know
breaking down other women it kind of
supporting each other the sisterhood but
I do feel like when it comes to
motherhood sometimes being a mom is hard
because new moms can kind of judge you
as I don't know but I've been told it
can be difficult you feel like getting
judge do you agree with that have you
experienced that for a lot of a lot of
people it is very easy to just try to
defend the way you
decided to parent because you're so
scared yourself and so you're like if
they're not doing it that way then maybe
something's wrong with the what are you
I'm doing it so I'm gonna so I think a
lot of it has to do with like just
justifying your own decisions I think
anybody that attacks other moms just
projection something intended anybody
does it just look inside yourself and
say okay and ultimately whoever's
attacking the other person should be
okay to ask for help and always in my
opinion from everything that I've
witnessed always boils down to whatever
it is that is judging it's just too
scared to ask for I said spend that
energy with your kid like don't worry
it's a game don't play it oh now that
you have this new girl of wisdom and you
guys although girl up and I feel it I'm
gonna read you just two confessions of
mom they've confessed things and I
wonder how you react or tell them we're
consultant be like it's alright we're in
this together
I'm embarrassed my kid is always late to
daycare my schedule is not full-time I'm
a student a man is never around I drink
wine at night oh god I wanna hang out in
the problem what exactly action yeah I
don't that's the one at us okay just
know you're doing the best that you can
yeah yeah I have enjoy a glass of wine
if you're late you're late
what about ways when people ask me about
my kids I tell them I love my dog the
most that's funny yeah there are days
where I gonna disagree I love ya my
daughter believes that I love our dog
how does it yeah because that's
unconditional love
hey you said you being you guys are all
awesome that girl love me do you want to
check out the movie back mom's comes on
July 2 by 9 it is epic it is so damn
funny you have to check it out the
killer awesome thank you so much you
guys want to try myself it's a little
bit like kind of calm
okay one love superwoman osa never woman
I'm impressed
there yeah that is a wrap and some
killing it nice
goodbye hate hello girl love
