sitting down couldn't build a tripod in
this room drop food on my sweater what
the hell where in the world is
superwoman today a and NYC where in the
world will to burn me tomorrow the
Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon more
about that in a bit what if I wanted to
girl superwoman
so yesterday right I was finally able to
get a good night's sleep because I've
been sleep-deprived for like a week so I
was all like hashtag blessed life
hashtag live laugh love it was 11 p.m.
and I was like nope I'm gonna get me
like a solid 9 hours of sleep feeling
like I won the lottery
but then this teeny little evil voice
inside my head said that's pretty early
you know you might as well just watch of
one episode of Walking Dead s like okay
you put one episode can hurt so that
watch this one episode and then suddenly
it was the next day - episode 3 episodes
4 episodes I'm addicted and this is why
I'm terrified to watch TV shows I don't
just watch shows I become obsessed if I
am describing you click the thumbs up if
I'm not describing you stop block and
straight up the only reason I started
watching The Walking Dead is because I
had a void in my heart from Game of
Thrones and then my friend home Bowl is
out like you watch Walking Dead's online
I and now obsessed and now inevitably
there are two shows that are gonna cause
me in our turmoil and this is why TV
show stressful number one cliffhangers
yeah I know I know that's how you get
the views that's how you get people
coming back your show don't do that
issue with me don't shoot someone and
then fade to black
don't say you got a major announcement
and then roll the credits you know why
because that makes me hate everyone in
the credits but yeah a few stunt double
a few seconds if operator is he alive or
is he dead Fu sound assistant catering
with you Kate oh yeah but you serve me
some clarity I am weak and emotionally
invested because what you fail to
realize is I don't just watch a show no
I become the show I am in the show I'm
mother effin pigeon okay and the TV show
has thrown a pokeball I am caught I'm
captured see p03 it wasn't even that
hard not to mention when I'm watching
these shows on Netflix Netflix wants to
give me 15 seconds to decide if I want
to watch the next episode now let's just
talk about that real quick these are the
fastest
fifteen seconds ever these ain't no
Mississippi seconds you don't even give
me enough time to try to be responsible
I can't even find my remote in 15
seconds let alone decide if I want to be
successful what's that well why don't I
just stop the show after starts playing
watch your language once the show starts
one does not simply stop the show okay
you can't do that you watch the show if
the show starts that's just
disrespectful
and if you know anyone that stops the
show once it started you should not
trust them because that's abnormal
behavior you should immediately unfriend
them for safety reasons could you
imagine just extend it Oh number two
death I get upset about a lot of stupid
things in life but fictional characters
and TV shows dying is not one of them I
just think it's wrong but you'd allow me
to get so attached to a character over
six seasons and then some random writer
in a boardroom somewhere in the world
eating a doughnut drinking a steeped tea
decides to kill him who decided you were
in charge huh
what Oh Oh HG Odin oh my bad okay
all right no worries I'm sorry to
interrupt your reading I'm sorry my bad
also I'm just gonna I'm gonna take this
water all right thanks everyone have a
good day also can someone validate my
parking I can't watch TV shows because I
love characters like I love real people
I become devastated when they leave me
and I don't understand how other people
aren't also upset oh hey Lily you don't
show up to work all of last week
um yeah Jon Snow died so whoa eh that's
extremely disrespectful B I mean you
know three months off and see I will see
you at human resources like where is the
union where are my employee rights
where's the national holiday I had the
flag not been lowered am I the only sane
person here number three the wait let me
get this straight
right we spend all these nights together
just just you and I all right you give
me that good good you're gonna be
excited and then just gonna get up and
leave for
eight months and now you know what's
gonna happen right i'ma have to find a
side piece just like I did with Game of
Thrones I found walking there but what
can happen
I'm gonna finish Walking Dead and then
we need to find a new show and then a
new show and then you show ain't knows
gonna happen I'm gonna addicted to ten
shows and on eight cats and only pet
them in between shows for 15 seconds not
even Mississippi seconds because I'm
gonna be a failure is that what you want
also my two closest is focusing on me I
can't do anything not to mention because
of this long wait your actors look
different now okay that nine year old
boy you got he's got stubble now he's
got a beard now you trying to convince
me still Tiny Tim from the mother-effing
would you looking like Big Friendly
Giant now okay boo frickin was in the
news last week for a freaking sex tape
you got him stuck in his thumb up in
your TV show what we suck in other
things of real life number four spoilers
social media has both better and
destroyed TV watching it's good because
when you watch an episode on time you go
online read all the hilarious tweets and
means about it but if you miss an
episode you cannot go on social media
because why are they popping off
everywhere and you see this sometimes
people they'll purposely tweet me a
spoiler because the thing is funny
alright it's a Clegg card or whatever
it's funny no no it's not funny and it's
not a game okay it's not a game do I
look like I'm jigsaw doodoo my nipples
look like dice look at them do that I
don't think you know cuz I'm not playing
if you tweet me them spoilers I might
have to block you I don't have to delete
you I'm gonna have to unfriend every
person in my life that has the same name
as you Ronald four five six f you
ask your family f McDonald's I never
want to see a happy meal again if you
showed up on my tinder I wouldn't swipe
left or right I would swipe up and then
turn my brightness down your next
instapoll should be a death certificate
because you are dead to me
we are not friends Ronald you are not
Monica I'm not Rachael Ronald I will not
be there for you Ronald
we will not enjoy many many seasons
together in friendship Ronald we will
only enjoy one and that will be winter
because I'm ice cold who you Ronald I am
Elsa to you I am Olaf to you some people
are worth melting for you are not one of
them Ronald don't be tweeting made-up
spoilers also I really love all my
followers thanks for being here number
five the non-believers okay this place
is not even funny this is just straight
facts I'm speaking there's no jokes this
I'm literally like saying science when
I'm obsessed with the show I just don't
understand how other people are not
equally as obsessed as I am like why
don't you make good decisions like me
what do you mean you don't watch Game of
Thrones or don't watch walk that don't
step to me telling me would show you
like ah like oh I watch Breaking Bad
already touched everybody here with your
recommendations we are on YouTube
you ain't my side panel just a step and
no Stiles ridiculous but as far as I'm
concerned if you don't watch my show
you're not as happy as me okay I don't
know what you'd be doing in your spare
time your life is not as great as mine
you are a lesser person than me what
kind of decisions are you making I am a
ride-or-die for my show I'm a picture of
my show in my wallet I might discern a
formal debate in defense of my show I
don't care how well your show did on
that exam my show is smarter and better
my show is nominated for an Emmy and an
Audi my show is deep my shell has layers
my show is lasagna my shows an original
my shows of a shell Obama you show us
Trump so take three steps back and touch
her slide out of here with your show
okay go take your show to some next
channel that nobody watches like F in
superwoman blogs or some bitch
stop it Lilly all shows matter quad
stove for the video but also kind of
really true also based on a very true
story um thank you for accepting this
Mick ship video in a hotel room was just
super late because like I mentioned the
beginning of the video I did just tape
with Jimmy Fallon for The Tonight Show
and it is super late here in New York I
want to tell you more about that I've
been teasing a really big announcement
and I made the announcement during my
taping today for The Tonight Show is
airing on Friday so like all technically
is 2:30 right now a.m. so today today it
is airing I'll put all information in
the description I would love for you to
watch live and use the hashtag really on
Fallon because I'm trying to get a
trending because the announcement is so
important to me so if you want to help
out with that that'd be great if not
that's still cool you should check it
out um I'm really really excited about
it other than that you can check out my
last video right over there it is with
Dwayne the rock Johnson
Dishman my second blog tells right over
there make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and I'd love for you to be
there one love superwoman that is a wrap
and you know what maybe I'll just tell
you the announcement now I'll be fine
you're probably gonna like see you in a
few hours enemies
I'm so excited to announce
you
