I'm done for the day
hey lil can you spare any time for one
more lesson my hours are very clear okay
twelve p.m. until I get tired it's
twelve sixteen listen buddy Dwayne Rock
DJ what what are you doing here
oh my hormones hey hey hey I love your
hormones but I'm launching my youtube
channel soon and I just need a little
bit of advice from the only person I
could get it from you
right of course YouTube and obviously I
know you YouTube yeah you pretty much of
my world it's pretty much like my tube
and I would love to help you get into my
tube what what let's begin
so tell me yes why do you think you for
your first video all right you ready for
this I'm the rock and this is my youtube
channel uh-huh okay I like it I like it
Melissa's we're got some basics you see
some days it's rule number one yes
high energy ah come on mama you know I
mean I am the most electrifying man and
all attainment do they say that is how
they say that that's what that I know
that's my thing
oh that's great what would like the
intro of your video be with high energy
that's here give me a dress hey
everybody this is the rock and welcome
to my youtube channel and I am with
Lilly Singh okay okay great yeah I'm
gonna feel that electricity part though
you know I'm reformed like Fellig Zeus
without the bolt kind of pioneer village
boy so let me show you how about I show
you how it's done
right these are a standard where we go
here we go all right say we're
collaborating right now yes huge math
reach whatever where to go super Rama
Babu thing my hubby
my papi Dwayne the rock Johnson get over
here come over here oh wait Wayne hey I
think you forgot your fanny pack on oh
no I'm not wearing a fanny pack
rule number two exciting thumbnails it
is so crucial to make a thumbnail that
your audience can't resist clicking well
I'm thinking maybe a really cool
headshot of me you know or like maybe a
really cool picture of my my little I'm
saying yeah oh oh I mean if you wanted
to I didn't think you would I mean yeah
okay you know personally though if
you're gonna do I would like to approve
that or possibly even take that picture
just make sure that the proportions are
writing the ISO underlies the aperture
that's a--that's a thing right just just
obviously for technical and professional
reason hold yeah yeah yeah well I got a
picture right here okay
oh cool this is my is my little big bag
right there miss Hobbs Hobbs right right
good thank you all like Lombok yeah
Hobbs is great um but I was thinking you
know something like really good you know
you're something that your audience
would really want to click on right all
right cool so would you have a mine well
unless you're something easy to
understand so first video right I think
okay I know what what do you kiss me
what what do you say you want to kiss me
um do you think it'll work I mean I
don't have almost 10 million subscribers
we're not reason you know I mean of
course you just probably do it you know
I'm just gonna smash for business I'm
just gonna set up the camp oh you're
right I was just doing you spell
thumbnail right that's from something
all right okay all right cool let's do
it
gonna get my literary there we go
that was okay fellas yeah whatever them
yeah I think we should one more time
though just I'll zoom in a little bit
this time just so you know yeah can't
you just drop it oh no see fingers
YouTube doesn't allow cropped thumbnails
yeah oh and also we're gonna have to do
a French kiss so that the subtitles work
in France huh okay yes well number three
CTA aka call to action because it's so
important you can tell your audience
what to do in your outro
how would you I'm here I would say like
yeah I hope you like the like the videos
and and maybe you want to UM just
subscribe to the thing a little bit more
that's it just subscribe yeah the thing
where you're giving them like of this
much wrong you know you can like this
much or you doing like Grand Canyon Oh
wish I you were doing it's good to it
that you say someone I kick thanks so
much for watching if you don't make sure
you like comment subscribe you know like
me on Facebook watch me take Lily on a
day follow me on Twitter but oh oh which
one was a follow me on Twitter the I
think it was the comment below that yeah
that was the comment below that you guys
in Conville oh oh and then you say yo
check out my snapchat yeah check out my
Pinterest my merch is in the description
I'll check that on tumblr because the
rock tumbles tumbler calm slash I have
to wrangle them that's right yes really
important check out my IMDB you know
what because if you don't know how many
more fascinate rears movies are gonna
make it or demean need to be prepared
I'm just saying follow me on instagram
follow my eyebrow tensed up wait her
eyebrow has Instagram it does not have
an Instagram but my little big man has
an Instagram hog pheasants your man know
I talk about DJ you're killing me right
we need an Instagram please I'm gonna
Instagram verified
immediately verified I don't want to be
confused with any other eyebrows case
you don't want to be confused Cara
Delevingne you in fact if you also
secure pebble Brown rock brows that's
grew igneous Brown all synonyms Rolling
Stones route all that okay and last
number four it's don't important yes be
yourself that's it yeah honestly Dwayne
I have been following you since I was a
little girl I had your posters all over
my room and I read your autobiography
when I was in fifth grade I wrapped it
in saran wrap because it was my most
prized possession
this right now is the greatest
accomplishment of my whole career so you
don't need any gimmicks people love you
for you I love you for you so just be
yourself oh that was so beautiful and
earnest thank you so much I mean you
really think so dude hell no well you
need to eat some cinnamon and we're less
shirts huh okay but now that you know
the basics I want to take you somewhere
okay I gotta take you to the factory
what let me show you we're gonna kiss
again
yo hope you enjoyed that video if you
did give it a big thumbs up comment let
me know what was your favorite part I
know you're second wait to get it he had
to go actually he was he was busy at to
run something why he's got tied up in my
basement or anything I don't know what
you if you wanna check up the second
part this video on green channel it is
right over there so check it out check
out where we go what is the factory find
out there my last videos right over
there you want to check out the
behind-the-scenes the link to that is in
the description and yo make sure you
subscribe to Blaine's channel
youtube.com slash the rock white last
because your face throw party at the
rock do it one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop oh my god did you see a
damn video shut up
