tuition booster pay you more life being
hard so I met a boy what where when how
who what's his Instagram what I met a
boy we're at a friend's house when
yesterday ha I looked cute who his name
is Devon Instagram I don't know we just
met
Devon underscore Williams a 4 5 1.5
billion followers
favorite Instagram filter is Aiden okay
and what are you going out well the S of
I was free tomorrow so I was thinking
maybe lunch wait lunch what time 12:00 I
don't know how I feel about that 12 is
pretty formal what about like a 2 so
lunch it to ya I was thinking more like
a 2:30 like I can't make you for lunch
but maybe I could pencil you in before
dinner yeah yeah like a linner or a
dunge or a loner yeah like a
hey I'm like in between meetings right
now but let's catch a lunar is lunch too
serious though because like what if he
ends up being really weird maybe just
like a quick coffee is better or maybe a
hot chocolate that's cute that is cute
or what about like a tea before dinner
like a tinner or a lunch ii okay but
what do I talk about I don't know
anything about him I've googled him what
would you like to know I'm on his
LinkedIn oh my god stop he used a model
girl get it you want to know how uh how
old he is
no what okay fine
24 okay oh my god girl know he could
babysit you that's only five years when
he was twenty you were 15
yeah but when she's 45 he'll be 50 and
that's like nothing what kind of
questions do I ask him
okay what about what's your shoe size
stop hmm he's six feet tall oh that's
too tall
she's gonna be like right here yeah she
was like yeah I make you shoot like you
should I can't you like you that's not
that's like that much I got bad just
wear heels just for you yeah or or
stilts yeah I'm freaking out but what if
he's creepy you're right what if they
establish like a safety word that you
can text us if things get really weird
and then we'll call you with a fake
emergency it's a good idea what about
pineapple no wait what if she's ordering
a fruit salad why would she ever text us
about that Oh what if she wants an
opinion she is not a child she can
handle herself anyways let's get back to
how to behave on the state pineapple is
good I'm so nervous
girl don't be you know we got your back
no matter what happens and if he does
anything to break your heart we'll go
Taylor Swift on him yup take guitar
lessons and piano lessons write a song
change hairstyles win an award change
hairstyles again roast him in our
acceptance speech enter the woods get
out of the woods forget to put the blood
in the fridge now we got bad blood enter
a room with an echo now I'm lying on the
cold hard ground trouble trouble trouble
oh thanks girls honestly just be
yourself
exactly also I just ordered the stilts
and they can only arrive by 5:00 p.m. so
should we just go to a dinner too early
for dinner maybe a dessert after lunch
like a lizard or judge everyone is the
day God man if you enjoyed this video
give it a big thumbs up comment below
letting us know what your favorite part
was makes you check out these lovelies
YouTube channels they'll be in the
description too great card to Apple and
kilt they're the best if you can check
out the last video right over there the
vlogs are right over there and you make
sure to web cuz I make new videos every
Monday and Thursday
what why I love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop
