hi okay
I am streaming from my hotel wait hear
me now it's his life it is that hi hi hi
I'm streaming from my hotel in my own
just have no idea you can hear me or see
me please let me know in the comment
them right now Oh myself no I do it okay
I think it's very I think we're good I
think good hi whatever to feel super
we'll go to ask Superman live oh this is
gonna be a little bit of a different ask
superwoman I don't I'm not at my
apartments I don't have like tens and my
papers and my all my things I'm in Miami
right now and it is 1012 a.m. which in
LA time is 7 a.m. so I am very tired I
actually landed a few hours ago I can't
hear anything is my ears are still plug
I landed at 6 a.m.
collect my hotel at 7:30 a.m. went about
like 8:30 and then I woke up at 9:30 to
do this live stream so a little bit like
other than groggy but I want to make
sure I still did it even though I don't
have my shout-out papers and all the
things um and it might not be the full
hour it might be a little bit shorter
this is me when I wake up
also my nerdy so it is so hot in Miami
or my hotel room is freezing
frozen literally i sat next to Elsa like
it's very cold so the window is open put
some heat in so that's what that noises
and I was late because I stood in the
shower for 10 minutes prior to this was
like in start timer thing and I just
like turns the hottest setting and I was
like so now leave a little bit better
right there we're like wondering why
never you mind what are you doing I will
tell you soon I will tell you but first
how are you thanks for joining me
wherever you are in the world I don't I
know it's a very different time to
something you might be like in the
evening probably file yes number from
India was like tonight that's not super
great we tweet your questions using the
hashtag asked supalen live I am a little
sleepy but I am gonna still do the thing
because a super blobs important to me is
important to know spend time with you my
lips are dry look
because I'm a new pizza um but that's
what's crack back I have a few exciting
things to tell you as well
maybe I'll jump right into it now so I
have been activists livestream my vlog
is gonna release and it's literally just
me talking about secret things I can't
tell you about a new as well I can't
even imagine how annoying that is
awesome anyway pause if you hear any
disruptive noises it's because how
mostly thing there and this drawing
might be what you hear so if you think
you're hearing on quick it's probably
just humble story yeah some we're
talking about secret things and it's
probably I can't even imagine how
annoying it is for you to be watching my
balls be like shut the F up no one even
cares stop talking about secret things
and so I totally feel you on that I
can't tell you what those secret things
are but I can tell you when you'll find
out the secret things I'm hoping my
calendar right now today's the 14th one
secret thing you will find out on Sunday
so literally like two days from now
that's one secret thing Sunday another
secret thing you will find out so thing
I'm due today if it's in my control you
won't find out but if it's in other
people's control than you might but one
thing for sure you know there's three
secret things that I want to share with
you one is Sunday one is on Thursday the
21st and the other is the 25th is the
24th of 25th so that's a lot that's like
literally back-to-back at Sunday
Thursday and then Sunday or Monday and
decide yet so the next three video days
after today are like kind of cool
they're kind of cool are there
announcements they're really cool things
so marked on your calendar was a one
last time mark it in your calendar and
let all the teams super know on the 17th
which is a Sunday isn't it cool
announcement then on the 21st which is a
Thursday something I think out of all of
them like the 21st Thursday then for
sure I'm up here trying to talk to my
people
so it has a temperature outside it's 92
degrees outside I can see the
temperature because I'm assigning
because I'm you know
Thursday the 21st that's the day more
than any other day we should mark your
calendar and that all of Tim's super
know and if whatever I'm doing doesn't
follow your time zone you should look it
up because that's the one that's the one
yeah the two are important but that's
the one yeah that's what you're gonna
find out about stuff today
you have a super super super busy day
I'm actually only Miami's like 24 hours
gonna flying out I will post a vlog and
I will post a video so no stress about
it super one got you trying to be more
responsible trying to do things in
advance but that's crack-a-lackin' when
I'm going to shut up you can tweet your
questions using the hashtag ask to come
live and I will answer some of them's
your best of my ability and I go
Benedict asks do you play pokemon go yes
so admittedly I wasn't the biggest
Pokemon fan growing up I did play
pokemon snap Pokemon Stadium but I don't
like know all the Pokemon and stuff like
that
I have been playing it and I'm obsessed
like I'm upset it's I think it's a game
change of an app and it's genius
I think the technology of it is it
change the world and every time I'm
outside I make new friends from Pokemon
go every single time so really really
cool I'm only on level 5 right now so
that's because it's just where does it
kill your battery it kills my battery
I'll be 100% and I'll catch a Pokemon
over that when we act so IG Pokemon go
let's see what other questions do we got
yeah awesome a asks are you having a
crush on Dominic I think Dominic is
hella cute I don't have a crush on
anyone because I don't want to be in a
relationship but I will say DOM is very
cute I love his personality and he's a
great kisser
so three wins 3 wins should I ever
decide and should he ever decide yeah
but isn't right now I'm single
do my thing on that career got Brian
have my beyonc√© moment
Marky asks are you thinking of going
vegan okay answer this Thurmond answer
anyways because I'm sleeping in it I
have no better judgment I'm not gonna
answer that question with a definite yes
or no
I'm trying where I can
- not like I've stopped drinking milk
and eating cheese and having ice cream
and yogurt and I have the almond
replacements for those so I'm trying
where I can having said that like you
know in a lot of places it's very
difficult like when things are mixed in
the things I have no choice I'm trying
I am a vegan no am I not a vegan no I'm
just trying where I can to not use
animal by-products why might you ask
just because I know it's good for your
health and also the more important one
is because I feel like and this is the
one sentence I'm gonna say about it and
I'm not gonna ever Stanko talk about
again I feel like there are a lot of
fairy you guys on the internet and my I
like to promote what I like and not bash
what I hate so instead I thought I can
be someone I know it's positive that can
speak about it and so maybe the mean
people won't affect as many people yeah
so did you know have you thought about
what you wanted your bio you asked sorry
Sarah hi Sarah hey I'm sorry festive
that wrong so much pressure to make a
bio I don't know what I wanna put yet
cuz I don't know if I want to be the
same bio I thought like it could be a
natural graduation where it fits thing
else is my bio now that can be a miles
from where I got hacked it got erased
and I can think of something new
I haven't decided yet it's a lot of
pressure and stress I know it doesn't
make me mysterious nocturnal bio
something mysterious what do you think
okay no no no no all right
those you don't wanna know by the way my
upcoming travels because I know usually
give you updates during these ask Simone
lives my upcoming travels are as follow
New York Montreal and a lot of this is
like back to back so once I leave I'm
gone for like a month so I'm I'm sure up
so New York Montreal Italy Toronto
Brazil Kenya but back to back I'm
basically you know one tour without the
tour basically and nothing second thing
I want to tell you about is in Toronto I
am doing YouTube FanFest
in Toronto I recently facebooked and
tweeted the link there's a custom link
to buy tickets through my like ticket
thing so if you want to buy tickets
YouTube FanFest is and
this third team right there teeth yeah
August 13th most in cane amphitheatre
which is like an amazing amazing venue
and I'm gonna be closing the show super
super super dope and you know because in
Toronto that squad there so all the
dancers and stuff will be there and you
have tickets for that if you live in
Toronto and your about that life and I
don't think in my humble opinion the
tickets are that expensive I think
they're like I haven't checked so I
appreciate it like ten fifteen dollars I
think I think I think don't don't kill
me
yeah one more questions as the time is
1021 I want to be honest I'm probably
don't even like 25ish minutes just we
think that's so many things doing if you
knew what I was doing today you would
tell me to go I promise you but I still
want to spend 25 minutes quality time
with you because I love you this is
important to me okay okay okay okay okay
okay okay okay
mm-hmm questions questions questions
questions questions question question
Suri asks hi sir why are you releasing
the Manjeet music video I'm guessing Oh
Sheldon argues in India so that's part
of a bigger video idea I have and I want
to lose the whole video so I kind of
shot that and Bengt it and I'm hoping to
shoot the other two segments soon so
that I can release it as a full video
because that it's not long enough for a
substantial enough to be video on its
own and that's been forever and even
Argus's I'm like what the heck thanks do
anything with that but I am it's just
part of a bigger I'm getting better at
thinking longer-term like hey because
usually I just like monday-thursday
wonder if there's any doing something
I'm getting a bit better at being like
hey I will do this and release it on
piston later on that way by this day I
can do this isn't this I'm getting a
little bit better and healthier it was
telling my channel bye huh that's to the
team super handshake says Shivani yes
let's do it if you don't teach you that
super handshake it's a chance to learn
are you ready here we go that's what's
up when you sing you discrete so you
know how to say yo team super handshake
that's what's going on I've been there's
are so plugged I can't hear anything
I can't hear anything okay
zaw line zahlen as are you planning to
come to Singapore anytime soon I'm not
gonna answer that and I'm simply going
to do one of these and now I'm gonna
continues crowing five seconds on the
hot zero zero since I came to meet me in
NYC also can you say hi to Alma hi Alma
unfortunately not gonna do me in green
and my seat this time I just did one
like less than a month ago when I was in
Sephora so I'm not gonna do one but I'll
keep you posted on any future meeting
greets I do and then we can hug it out
and stuff yeah yeah yeah okay Christian
Christian Christian melissia asks aren't
you doing montage in your vlogs anymore
good morning good way to so I know using
montages I'm it's or it is they're very
difficult to do sometimes when I'm in a
very busy day usually when I'm vlogging
I'm taking you along with my super busy
day and so the montages take time to
like make an edge of shoot because I'm
in a place I think with all these angles
and do things so I'm not even done for a
while I will bring them back soon but I
haven't forgotten it's just that
sometimes I'm rushing it's really super
hard to do team super Dooley asked are
you coming to England near future like
before 2017 near future maybe not before
2017 yeah yeah I will I'm not gonna tell
you I can tell you in or for what yeah
well basically slap scuse me just saying
how much stuff that's gonna make you
want to kill me basically yeah like I
just your honesty okay
this month is probably the most secrets
I've ever kept from you I'm gonna be
honest like so many secrets because
there's like two other secrets that I
didn't include in the timeline I just
gave you they're just a dope but that
just I've been working on for so long so
they no longer appear to be secrets in
my mind but I know that you know nothing
about them so like this month is this
month and next one is I'm gonna be like
that are month 13 super smiles like
you're like by that by the end of July
you're gonna be like
like I'm telling you I'm working really
hard for all y'all I and I can't wait to
show you all the things I'm working on
I'm working really hard and spending a
lot of money not that money is important
like the main thing here but I come to
say I'm really investing into it into
team super and superwoman and a lily
sing brand this one so I hope you'll be
excited about everything that's coming
okay but wait by the way did you like my
last date with Connor isn't he so cute
he's gonna love you right
Connors the cutest I love I love Anisha
asked why investing so much decorating
this house if you won't premiere live in
it
I haven't invested too much into the
apartment I live in right now all the
artwork I bought I'm gonna take with me
to my new place when I buy one
the furniture is rented so it's not
bought even though I like this rate I
could like bought it would've been
cheaper and the few things I did buy I
want to taste my new place - so the
other thing I might not be able to
transfer all those big vinyl stickers I
have on the wall which I love but I'm
definitely in a reorder that's from that
new place
my mom is liking the pictures on
Instagram right now that's what my mom's
doing at 10:27 and by the way which
conditioner and shampoo do you use ask
Lily Jean tootle I usually kind of use
this ever I used to use whatever was in
there and now I really started to use
Pantene it's kind of really soft and I
like it and I'm not gonna lie it's kind
of because Lina is works with them and I
would like to support her endeavors okay
next question when this was so dry and
why God but was the last text you sent
ask Simran okay let's see my mom also
commented on Instagram saying I am so
excited
I didn't even what she's talking about
let's check me she's excited about what
oh my mom's excited
my mom's excited about YouTube FanFest
in Toronto okay last text I sent was to
kayo and I won't tell you what I'm
talking about
I said haha oh I will that's good
that's my last text I can't tell you he
said cousin
the sequence I just brought my inner
morality writer okay next question
the question was I just saw a good one
hey last year I hear your code I'm so
rude I'm not even funny um rhythm asks
are you doing anything with Yash Raj
Films / mother I've wronged me going to
a meeting and the door said
YRF which does stand for Yash Raj Films
um nothing is set in stone at all I
really just wanted to meet with Ruth a
so I met with Luther Chopra and I told
him that my favorite movie of all time
is my heart but they and then I had a
little fangirl moment and we just hung
out a little bit and we just discussed
possibility of working together in the
future nothing is set in stone so no I'm
not secretly working on a Bollywood
movie that is not one of the surprises
not yet at least
so that's what's going on a new movie
which youtuber is your favorite one to
make a video with asks Kwan yes huh
maybe YouTube to make a video with maybe
two answers one is gonna be Miranda and
that's because a lot of people don't do
characters and when I do characters it's
kind of refreshing to have a character
there as well so I remember the video I
did where I was like when Jeep and then
Colleen was Miranda it was a refreshing
because I was like oh we're both
characters and it's cool
other than that I love shooting with
like Hannah
maimry grace and them I think they're
all super patient and super especially
Grey's I'm really for some I shall talk
on old script you said yeah don't worry
we'll get it done we'll be cool and I
like people who are willing to let me
take the creative you know like I don't
mind collaboration but sometimes my
collabs do take longer I don't do a lot
of challenges and some like that so
challenges generally are just like run
the camera and it's kinda like 15
minutes of shooting skids take way
longer so I like to collab with people
who are like down with that you know in
our patient with that and a lot of
people are I've not glad with many
people that were not yeah how many
people are watching
15,000 you are watching me be sleepy and
talk about nothing right now I'm
astonished
I'm literally astonished someone is at
the door hold on I'm so sorry
yeah I understand if you one second let
me just um sometimes I think I want more
questions we got your I'm gonna sleep
like 15 more minutes okay
hope that's okay you madam you can take
me let me know you know that or if you
are my tell me also is that fun um next
kiss John I washed my hair yes it's all
fluffy see see if you need to also did
my eyebrows last night even though I
liked it so late last night is in a few
hours ago and something kind of like
alright I think I my eyebrows I need to
clean that up right there though then
what I wanted I something there so not
on fleek and I've to fill them in to
make them a concrete I'll tell you why
that I don't think O'Hare is a very long
let me know if you can relate to this my
my hairs are so long so when I sleep or
do anything with the eyebrow hairs like
curl like been and be out of place so a
lot of times when I pluck is just one
eyebrow it's just like really long and
effed up that's my story
okay well long question okay someone
says Shia says please do musically I'm
gonna be honest I don't get that app
like I get comments all the time being
you would be so good at musically I
don't know how could you be bad at it
don't you just lip-sync
I'm so confused do not just lip sync is
there like a talent required to do this
because I feel like everyone is good at
it so people are like begging you to do
and say I'd be good I really don't get
what they mean and I don't get what the
hype is so I would love for one of you
youthful people to educate me and let me
know what the hype is about this app
like please okay are you going to wear
them Demi and Nick shows oh I wanted to
go to Toronto once so badly because we
have a few mutual friends and I wanted
to find the meet Demi
be there I think the Toronto Islands
like 10 days I can't be there because
I'm gonna be somewhere else
so I'm bum but maybe I can try to go to
like a leash or something I should look
into that actually been on the to-do
list
but Dance Moms Chloe for the win says
what times there is now 10:32 a.m. which
would make it 7:32 a.m. in la time so
know that I love you okay cuz I want to
get it for anybody else literally nobody
else I have missed exams
sleeping it someone is watching other TV
Sharlee that's very sweet
and I also look very large Karen
questions questions questions questions
questions questions huh Zara asks do you
mind that we constantly ask you to sleep
I don't mind actually I think it's very
sweet I wanna be that I have phases
though this doesn't so much apply to you
because you're not in my face and you
say it but I can go one of two ways
people tell me what c1 I can be relieved
like there was that video day like I
think was two Thursday's ago where y'all
told me go to sleep and I was like a
static cousin oh my whole time I was
told of people telling me about a sleep
and I didn't do a video and that was
very relieving she's also tired but if
I'm like in the middle of a work zone
and like I like killing it and then
people go to sleep go to sleep then I'm
just like not no it doesn't bother when
you all do if people in person do it
that was it you just go to see now do
you think it's an option
really why don't get pieces if someone
tells me go to sleep and that's clearly
not an option when is it clearly not an
option look if I have something due the
next day that needs to be due and you
tell me to go to sleep I'm just like do
you not think I would go to see if I
could go to sleep but do you not think I
would do that do you think I'm choosing
to exhaust myself no I have things to do
um but long story short no I do not go
my nothing's very sweet when you I
always know at the end of the day I'm
gonna be a bunch of tweets telling me go
to sleep and I appreciate that means you
care about me can you wish Lily smiles
I'm yeah happy birthday happy birthday
happy have a wonderful day
can you do a boss lipstick tutorial ah
not right now because I'm gonna get my
hair makeup done speaking of boss
look at this boss it comes in this this
is there's Boston here and this is what
I do when I get people gifts is like a
very cool card case and inside is like
boss and so that's how I package boss
when I give it as gifts isn't that
meatball I also didn't realize
everything in Miami is white I think I'm
a-gonna last person to pick up on the
fact that that's what Miami is but the
home will tell them is white all the
buildings are white everything is white
it's very cool it also stresses me a lot
because like I could never eat Nutella
sporadically Oh Chi can't attend a
beauty guru asks Nina I don't have a
favorite would be honest I don't watch
too much beauty stuff on YouTube but I
will say I think person was I think one
of the hottest people on the planet is
candy Johnson like I think she saw
sometimes I just go to her profile like
and stare at her pictures for no reason
like a minute of the day and then I'll
show my friends who couldn't yeah but
really hop right I don't want to show
you what is I think she's so hot
uh I think she's phenomenally talented
and so candy Johnson I love and adore
tell her I said that
and will you pay me Yusef back asks team
super USA here's the thing right I don't
want to get in the middle of a prank or
I guess I want to do something to get
him back um but I don't want to get
myself in a prank war because I was
annoyed that he bragged to me and I told
him this I wasn't mad I was annoyed
because I told him a million times I did
not want to be prank and I told him like
seriously even like them on the vlog
camera went off and as a friend as a
piece of ivory doing a prank please
don't break me his friend was so
harmless and it was completely fine but
I was mildly annoyed again and now it's
completely over it so it's fine he's my
friend but I love him but I'm I'm
debating to do something we'll see I'm
undecided if you have an ideas between
me let me know oh god it's humble up yet
I don't think so although if he was
sleeping we'd be hearing him snoring I
know he's wearing a nose trip so maybe
that's why he's not are you planning to
see Colleen any time soon ask Rachel I
hope so I haven't seen calling in so
long because she's been shooting your
show in Vancouver but I think she might
be coming back and forth now so
hopefully I get a sear soon because I do
miss her but we text every now and then
and so I know how she isn't I check upon
her and she checks mommy it's a good
thing but I haven't given her boss yet
he hasn't been here then I said what's
your address in Canada and she's like I
don't know that's a such a colleague on
survival measure my addresses so Colleen
what was your reaction to Dom's video
ask Sierra ok so and um I'm don was
texting that everyday because that you
know took so long to me by the way you
should all like love and appreciate
respect that video because it took a lot
of effort as you could tell from the
editing it's a lot of perception stuff
and so he'd be texting me be like home
only four more days of shooting or okay
I wasted a whole day trial and error
like tomorrow and so like I know how
much work you put into it and I always
just bring stresses like you are home I
hope I kisses hot like I hope I look hot
and I hope he looks like I hope you look
okay you guys when we shot it we're
friends like I try but I'm not like I'm
just kidding I'm not a hot person like I
don't know how to do sexy things with
the most part and so like I was like I
hope I don't
weird dude kiss kiss but I'm pretty
happy I think it does look hot I mean at
least in my opinion I think I'm gonna
top you guys can let me know if you
thought it looks silly or weird or
whatever but like I think I think you
know yeah doing what questions do we tag
someone who's ask Matthew s was that
kiss real with you and e-chips yes it
was of you we wouldn't be able to see
ji-hye that we actually did that kiss
like six times because he wanted
different angles of it I think different
angles but yeah we did like six times
I'm which is why I'm you as any cousin
which is why for the vlogger just like
kissing pick me I'm like that just get
that first kiss over with so we can just
think his properly yeah he's a great
kisser really good I was not mad at that
situation what is your phone wallpaper
and for what while people are currently
is mean doing
and that's what this did you what the
biggest crowd you can formed in front of
please say hi Alexis hi Alexis
the biggest crowd uh performing for him
ever might have been New Zealand I think
which is like 20,000 people maybe
biggest crowd of my own show though at
my own show on tour was Trinidad which
is like 5200 people yeah okay on Google
in five minutes okay fine one meter
that's encoded in height why why I know
it's hot outside but you don't have to
like make it Alaska inside okay try
pronouncing my name kitchen beat in ten
beat a Tim I I promise I'll get on the
icon I know me encanta a long time some
was a ten bite can be day I'm pretty
sure as I say I've been practicing I'll
get better I promise
um let's see let's see okay
someone just send me a picture of me the
team's who ran phantom sent a picture of
me being pregnant and that stresses me
out so I'm gonna scroll past that I'm
supposed to eat I'm so rude a and I'm so
sleepy
do you like Michael Jackson as Benedict
again yes I do
like Michael Jackson I think he's conic
and I'm confused music and I did a
thriller remake so yeah I do like it and
I know you all are saying did not go but
I promise if you knew what I was doing
today you would be like go go go go go
go go go um I have to go because I have
to take place with humble on a few
things regarding me shoot I have today
and I have to have something to get my
hair and makeup done and oh my garbage
tricks my nails also so yeah that's why
I got to do those things you know he may
mean and then you mean so that's what's
happened okay
this evening and then really early in
the morning okay let me just break I'm
gonna bring it down okay you know I can
tell you details and just tell you just
so you know in case I like and malade on
certain things and like whatever I'm not
saying it's a good I'll look at all the
things I'm doing I'm saying it together
don't be mad at me if I have up
uh-hum how is she today after this she'd
I had an event my flight back to LA is
seven and morning
as soon as I land straight from the
airport I'm going to another shoot
straight I hate doing that but I had to
straight from the airport I'm going to
another shoot tomorrow as soon as that
shoe wraps you can think I'm joining
joking I have to go somewhere and go to
another shoot back to back in fact of
actions to them then the next think I'm
joking again then the next day I have a
shoot again in the evening and I have to
release one of my secrets and then the
next day is your day right no missing a
day yeah no it's videoed it oh my god
and then the next day I have a shoe and
the next day I have the second day of
that shoe in Dannemora New York I swear
from this moment now as you see me my
life is chaos hey yes of course you can
follow along with me on my snapchat out
of my vlogs but just know I'm gonna need
a lot of your support I'm gonna need
your encouraging tweets I'm gonna need
your patience and we're in this together
cuz from literally this moment on sleep
will be a luxury and I'm just gonna be
hustling more than I've possibly ever
hustled before I'm going to leave in two
three minutes I'm going to end on a
positive note as I do first of all thank
you for being so patient thank you for
being understanding that this life you
could only be around 30 40 minutes I
notice usually an hour an hour and a
half but I still wanted to do it I hope
that means something to you if it
doesn't I'll just shuffle up there's
still 14,000 if you hear even though I'm
tired and talking crap and my hair is
all effed up and like I look like what
is even happening right now and so I
really really do appreciate you and my
thought is just going to be kind of
related to what I've been talking about
which is busy is the blessing
sometimes people ask my schedule and I'm
not saying I I'm not saying my schedule
is the most healthy schedule I'm not
saying it's the most ideal schedule
sometimes in your hottest hustling you
don't get the ideal schedule you don't
get the ideal situation and so my
positive thought is going to be if you
really want something understand that
busy as a blessing and understand that
like if you're not gonna hustle really
really really really really really
really hard to accomplish your dreams
and like do you deserve them I mean that
in the kindest way do you deserve them
then I mean I don't hustle the hardest
on the planet many people hustle harder
than me but I feel like I do so many
things well you know this is the time to
do them
what else am I gonna do with my money
what else I'm gonna do with my time when
I die when we're going to yo I hustled
so hard for those things I'm like it was
fun even though I got no sleep it's fine
because like I accomplished those things
so like work hard today or card on your
dreams enjoy it
busy is a blessing listed last time
enjoy it enjoy the hustle and then thank
you so much I love you so much and know
that I'm so excited for all the things
I've planned for this month and I'm
trying to do it bigger and better than
we've ever ever done it before I'm
trying to do it bigger and better than
she's ever done it before and we're in
this together
I'm not low if you want where nominee
for three Teen Choice Awards choice what
twice you too much choice web star
female choice web star comedy um to be
honest I'm not gonna be in a Teen Choice
Awards I can't even attend them um timer
bomber but if you'd like to vote I'm
sure you can find all information online
I'm not gonna waste your time talking
how to do that but uh yeah that's the
same - I'm gonna head out now I love you
so so much thank you for joining me
send me an exciting day and I can't wait
til you find out what it's about
all right then what I love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop I love you love
you love another
