good morning what's happening in the
world any breaking news yes Taylor Swift
was seen going to the gym with her
friends in Hollywood anything else she
was wearing gray sweatpants and white
singers okay
also I think there's like a war going
out or something welcome to ten reasons
you should smile wow did you really just
say that
what about people who can't smile
because they're weak facial muscles okay
okay awesome yeah me my sister over
there my sister and I oh I just posted a
new video check it out what if everyone
it did good
hey I know this is really annoying but I
just post a new video to my new channel
here on YouTube but I wonder if you
check it out and give me a chance please
and I'll take a side of fries actually
no wait I'm gonna try onion rings today
wow you've changed you know what I feel
like wearing lipstick today I miss the
old you
welcome to girls and their periods
that's really rude what about
exclamation points and commas I love
onion what a sellout what ad what are
you talking about Illuminati confirmed
sending prayers and positive vibes to
those affected by the recent tragedy
tweet
Wow I've been here for three seconds and
I'm very offended and disappointed the
dunes and anything about tragedy
unfollow okay check out this adorable
video of this puppy falling that's like
really cruel to animals I love this
campaign i won
hashtag like a girl yeah well I were
hashtag like a boy I find like a boy
let's get like a boy trending is like I
believe in equality so what about
cheetahs they run faster than all of us
all lives I think I think I'm a heart
attack
hey oh my god I hate Lilly so much she's
so lame
almost as lame is talking crap about
strangers thinking we got Billy thank
you so much for applying have your
biggest fan I love you so much
whatever with your girl superwoman with
Connor Franta
Oh nap son oh that's kind of good
actually kind of Francis that's a thing
make a thing it's officially a thing
hope you enjoyed this video if you did
give it a big thumbs up comment below is
this just us or we probably the only
jerks I feel this way or is this what
the internet is like I don't think guys
think I think I think we're geniuses
actually yeah I agree
you'd be doing that video we did on
Connors channel as well the link is in
the description it's super fun and cool
we do Instagram things yeah we recreate
the most popular Instagram on Instagram
so you go check that up yeah I guess
face such a good time in Judea we had
such a good time screwed again
my last video was right over there my
vlogs are right over there and you click
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday you want
trying to thang with me which odd thing
with me oh yeah you know I do wrong
while oh so cool them that's a wrap and
so sooo mmm thanks I guess
