how I deal with finances spoiler alert I
don't I don't deal with finances if I
had a game show it wouldn't be called
Deal or No Deal no it would be called No
Deal or No Deal what about when it's a
girl superwoman anything kind of boo-boo
Lily this video is not about you okay
I'm good at a lot of things okay Mario
Kart Dancing getting hacked but
something I'm not good at is anything
related to finances well except for
spending money now when it comes to
things like taxes and bank accounts and
investments whatever those are and
budgets and crap I am absolutely
horrible and when it comes to tax season
straight up I have no idea what the f
anyone is talking about just like taxes
huh taxes let me just think about
everything I learned in school yeah less
yeah yeah yes there's the provinces of
Canada are fun to remember fun to
remember fun to remember types of rocks
igneous metamorphic set image of hey hey
you want to pay attention to this okay
you're nine types of rocks you ain't get
nowhere in life and the smallest planet
is Pluto that's never gonna change
conjunction junction what's your
function and remember kids the EU has 28
member states including and most notable
the United Kingdom know nothing about
taxes and then the government wants to
you're mad at me when I don't properly
claim my income you know if I just spend
my whole education learning about plate
tectonics maybe I wouldn't be in this
predicament yeah whenever I go to see my
accountant it's like he's speaking a
different language since he got ginger
ow oh gee I'll do better better told you
hmm
no but for real our combos go a little
something like this okay Dean you have
made any charitable donations
Oh oh yeah I did good this one just the
other day I like my old friends
Instagram picture and she got like
20,000 new followers ah yeah oh and I
tagged her this morning
honestly I'm basically sponsoring her
okay here's the thing about donations
right I do feel like I give a lot to
terrible causes but I also feel like I
give back in a lot of unconventional
ways that are never recognized by the
tax system for example a few days ago my
friend was crying to me for three whole
hours about breaking up with her
boyfriend of three weeks but the third
time okay and you won't tell me that
time is money that's good math okay at
least $600 of charitable donation and
she was crying so much that she finished
all my tissue paper and that issue is to
play so let's talk about business
expenses okay what about business
expense huh do you have any of those do
clothes count did you use the clothing
for work well technically I work for
social media so yes I did wear the
clothes while tweeting mmm
that doesn't count okay Oh yesterday
hello
I spent $40 on a manicure that I would
feel better while using a calculator
that's business-related
and you know in fact I even take $2 for
parking so I think $52 you mean for
caboodle now I had to buy the calculator
for $10 - okay see here's the thing
right
I find it disrespectful and straight-up
inhumane that someone else gets to
decide what my business expenses are I
also am hitting puberty
in this video as we speak and there's
hair going in you listen what if I feel
like I'll do better in business meetings
if I'm wearing Easy's who are you to
judge in fact if I get even one new
follower for one of my selfies that
entire outfit should be considered a
business expense
okay I've worked for that H - I'll just
give away likes for free speaking of
expenses I hate when my accountant asks
you have the receipt no but I've logged
it like no I don't have the receipt you
know why because it's 2016 and there's
seven pieces
electronic evidence that I purchased
this calculator okay look at my visa
statement you'll see the purchase there
I snapchat using the calculator check
the history of my GPS you'll see
calculator Depot after my purchase they
emailed me saying thank you so much for
your purchase and then I tweeted them
saying yo I love your calculator so do I
have this two by six piece of ancient
paper and call a receipt and looks like
some MS dolls multi-nation no no I don't
have those actually what is this never
mind never mind I do have it I do have
it but like for every other time I don't
keep my receipt okay because we're sees
these days be looking like Scrolls
receipts these days has too much damn
information okay you got my payment you
got the taxes now you're gonna tell me
about this surveys I can fill out that
you're gonna circle if I go online win a
gift card then you can tell me the terms
and conditions or the survey then you
will tell me your social media then you
will give me a coupon for five cents off
toilet paper my question to you is why
would I ever need toilet paper again now
that I have this ten-foot receipt I
can't be folding received that big and
putting that into my wallet okay
within three receipts my walls gonna be
looking like it's doing the chubby bunny
challenge either use imagine my Waldo
Villa d'Este just like thunder go beer
bread damn good another thing about
finances that confuses me is this whole
idea of writing things off we have a
business cuz you're not the first time
I've heard I could write things off I
was a static yeah I'll take the king
suite I'll take an extra large coke
please thank you
you're sure spending a lot of money Lily
don't worry I'm gonna write it off you
know that doesn't mean stuff is free
right like you just get some of the
taxes back I'm here you know refund no I
don't even drink if you don't know any
worry about the suite you know I thought
I was Zack and Cody you know I thought I
had two with a sweet leg but now I just
do a tea closet you have fun let's just
say after that all of my bank accounts
were frozen what up t-shirt reference
you know hope you enjoyed that video if
you did please give it a thumbs up
comment below letting you know
are you as clueless as me when it comes
to finances or is this just me up like
huge shoutouts to TD Canada Trust for
partnering with me on this video and
your if yous clueless about financials
let me give you a let go check if use
Poulos is ever like me download their
app called TD my spend it shows you your
expenses in real time it categorizes
your expenses as well and also lets you
know if you're spending more or less
than last month it generally just gives
you a better idea about them gala bills
nothing and straight up all the exercise
right keep it real with you I genuinely
do use this app easy to understand and I
am a stupid person all the information
in the link to download in the
description so stop being always dude
because you will be strong one day and I
go won't let a hammer money and your
counters can be like boo you have enough
make sure you subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
