yo what's up America just legalized gay
marriage that's awesome hell yeah I'm so
proud you should be that's Tom Tom Oh
red white and blue okay muricata great
murica oh say can you you you chew enjoy
your MOU can I should take notes aid we
legalized gay marriage 11 years ago your
what if Trump becomes president if you
have impressive problems after bad for
you son I got 99 problems and a leader
in one oh my god this like the best
thing I've ever eaten
Oh clearly you haven't tried poutine yet
hey hey say about about no no you say a
boob no one says a boot it's about a
boon Oh booth a poop come on about say
boo say a boo say it would say sorry you
say word so weird yeah it finally do
what do I say these words weird free
health care lowered
Canada Red Cat oh you know Drake put you
eyes on the map and the weekend Jim
Carrey Celine Dion Oh Seth Rogen Ryan
Gosling
he's Ganesh a Mitchell Shawn Mendes
she's mine my nodes you know Alessia
Cara Ruiz Mike Myers Terry Fox and
Justin Bieber you're American right
actually I'm from Canada same thing no
don't be ridiculous
we have to Morton's dude we have the
best parties and our fraternities though
beta type like a green hmm
damn yeah we can drink one more 1918 if
you want to take a road trip Canada in
sports don't go together like baseball
and basketball yeah we invented those we
banned Kinder Surprise because it's not
safe really no we didn't do that yeah we
banned guns
why do you Canadians say sorry for
everything is so annoying I know we have
to keep apologizing to the rest of the
world for our loud neighbors you know
growing up mr. Rogers was not no she mr.
dressup for life
mr. dress your money looks like monopoly
money it's so funny and colorful yo
colorful see oh L you are ful car
did you watch Game of Thrones winter is
finally here winter was always here
Canadians are so polite and boring what
do you do for fun
follow your election we prayed for
people trying to escape war we let them
into our country yo why do all Canadians
live in igloos we need to keep cool
because our Prime Minister is so hot I
mean at this point it's either Hillary
or Trump
what are you Canadians think what
everyone's a girl superwoman don't be
mad at me don't be mad it's a very
light-hearted friendly video because
tomorrow July 1st is 10 today and I'm
not in camera and
move and miss Canada I want to wish all
my fellow Canadians happy Canada
Americans they don't hate you this is
just a joke ever since I've moved to LA
all my American friends tease me all the
time I got made fun of all the time for
being Canadian so this is just
light-hearted rebuttal a little bit of
my way of saying oh Ken like no I'm
saying do you like this video give it a
big thumbs up share it with all your
fellow Canadians and comment below
letting you know have people ever said
these things to you of you're Canadian
or if you're not Canadian have you ever
said these things be honest you can
check out my last video right over there
you can check out my second blog channel
right over there and you subscribe
because subscribe because I just hit
puberty so congratulations and I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
I'd love for you to be here one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
I also drink so much water on that mug a
piss an ocean
