wait who is this
who is this when did I follow you I have
no idea who you are
oh my god stop with the stupid tea ads
okay two more minutes on Instagram and
then time to work why do people post
three pictures in a row is that allowed
what is this blank picture oh okay it's
because they have an Instagram theme
honestly I don't understand people with
themes it's too much damn maintenance
hello
damn this thing does look matte legit oh
this picture is so cute what's the
caption chilling on the beach and
feeling great thanks to my favorite
weight loss tea oh shut up should I
start an Instagram theme okay honestly
who the hell takes Drake's pictures do
people just have photographers following
them around should I hire a photographer
to follow me around am i doing Instagram
wrong Connor Franta how are you doing
this how did he adit this picture oh my
God look how many friends they have oh
my god do I have friends you know what
yeah maybe I should call my friends over
so we can take a picture like this okay
I like this outfit tap for details don't
mind if I do dress is a hundred and four
dollars girl bye
JK I'll take two hello priorities where
are you I wanna see who are these girls
with drinks that oh my god this dog is
literally the cutest person I've ever
seen oh my god stop look at this dog I
don't have a dog I mean I do travel a
lot but I feel like that's okay right my
dog would totally have an Instagram
should I go buy a dog I think I'm gonna
go buy a dog tomorrow who the f is this
girl with Drake's dad okay
my friends need to see this guy
screenshot oh no wait wait wait this pic
is better oh no wait this one this one
screenshot happy monday ladies okay five
more minutes on Instagram and then time
to work oh why am I still following this
person okay whatever just ignore them no
you know why should I sacrifice my
happiness every time I scroll through
Instagram I love myself this person
needs to go boy
if I unfollowed them will they notice yo
can you unfollow me on Instagram real
quick I want to see what happens okay
now follow me back who the f is this
girl with Drake's dead why can't I be
friends with the fat Jewish
double tap double zap double
actually I think this one just deserves
a firm impress nod nod no caption ya mad
deep double tap
how is everyone dressed so nice am I the
only sloth on Instagram hashtag sloth of
Instagram 100 thousand posts nah I'm
good
who is this cute person with my friend
oh my god who is a few person with my
friend's friend who is this sexy boy
with my friends friend's dog wait where
am I yeah follow ok one more minute on
Instagram and then time to work this
picture is so cute when did they post it
four weeks ago I have a problem oh my
god are they still together damn it
they're so cute oh crap Oh F me yeah
whatever you did make sure you thumbs up
comment below letting me know is this
just me or are you equally as crazy when
it comes to Instagram you can check out
my last video right over there it's
called what people do after exams my
second blog channel is right over there
if you're gonna phone any like your like
the app do all these don't work the
links are in the description why you
trippin yo and make sure you could
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and let's be
used to be here I have a upper lip set
but that's nothing new
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
we let's go a drink that
