what's that why do I keep making school
themed videos even though I'm actually
27 years old because shut up what if
everyone it's a girls soap woman and
it's lovely exam season for all of you
youthful ones and for all of you old
ones that are trying to pass the twelfth
grade for like the fourth time and
you're no judging man okay shout out to
all the people who are celebrating their
22nd birthday at prom now I've made
videos in the past about all the
stresses that come with exam season you
know why you're setting for them while
you're writing them but I personally
think the best part of an exam is what
you do after and if you're anything like
me this is what you do after you write
an exam number one gather Intel so you
just finish writing your exam and you
feel like you've been probed by aliens
okay like straight up you're walking
funny because that exam just ripped you
a new one hey hey but then you think
wait am I just stupid like am i dumb
person did everyone else feel the same
way about the exam so you go around to
all your friends and you gather Intel
but you don't want to seem like you're
dumb she knows all you should get a
plate cool hey yo so how's the exam it
was okay okay like what like was it easy
mmm not bad
okay blonde are skilled like tic-tac-toe
like flappy bird the cow how hard you
think it was it was decent but decent
how like turtleneck decent or like skirt
slightly above the knee decent
turtleneck decent so like drape like
like hotline bling decent I think it I
think it did well how well like deep
well like like samar oh well like you're
gonna die in seven days I've well er I
think I did well yeah yeah what about
you yeah yeah same same also aren't you
like 25 why are you in a video about
school
well because shut up which leads me to
number two number two prepare your
parents so you better prepare your
parents for the possibility of you
feeling this exam right yeah no oh my
god mom everyone was saying how hard it
was so I'm pretty sure like everyone
else failed not not just me and it's
funny how we believe that if we fail or
do something bad it's okay if other
people also sucked it's so interesting
how kids get so annoyed when their
parents compare them to other kids but
we do the exact same thing when it's
convenient for us
mom everyone else failed mom everyone
else is going tomorrow mom all the other
kids have a cellphone
Lily why can't you dress nice like all
the other kids ah why do you compare me
to other kids hey we'll do that right
away
hello I'm a waste dude and you're away
stood in you're a waste you'd number
three fact-check you run out of that
exam and you throw open your textbook so
you can check your answers and make sure
you knew what the Eppie was talking
about this textbook right here is about
to disclose your fate what why is Ben
Massell since when no that was bad
monster Trevor isn't it bed moss my name
isn't Trevor it's still second achiever
look at this it's brackets exponents
divide multiply efficient subtract this
one I thought was brackets exponents by
much why are you late subtract I think
ovulate is from sex ed what what your
wasn't me yo the textbook is wrong okay
number four calculate so you're coming
to the realization that maybe you didn't
do so well on this exam right so what do
you do you bust out your calculator and
figure out what Mark you need on that
test to pass the class we've all done it
and straight up everyone sucks at math
until you need to figure out this
magical number okay I could have just
failed a math exam but when I get home
and I need to figure out this number
I'll be carrying so many ones you would
think I was in a strip club okay so
according to my calculations all we need
to do is carry the three solve for X
okay flip the parabola use trig to
discover the Q angle and then all I need
is a 31%
let me pass this class oh my god they
just post it to grades what did I get
um 30%
hello Clown College but real talk all of
you who are going to exam season I wish
the best for you but also you should
ignore everything I'm saying because me
wishing the best for you is not going to
help you do well you working hard
doesn't help you do well and for those
of you around the world who aren't going
through exam season and you just watch
this video anyways you I appreciate you
and for you please enjoy this weird
dance yah hope you enjoyed that video
and all the sweat on my face and the
upper lips why I'm looking at the thing
right now and was like ma'am it looks
like like Titanic sank on my upper
mother effin lip but I hope you enjoyed
that video if you did give it a big
thumbs up comment below let him know are
you going to exam season or I just like
you I don't know the f you talking about
you can check my last video right over
there
it's called types of poop very adult or
sure thing my second blog channel is
right over there so check that out and
you subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and lastly on
Twitter and Instagram
I do think you should follow spread girl
love as you know girl love is my social
campaign and some interesting things are
gonna be happening there so Flo know
follow follow one love super one love
superwoman that is a wrap and so we have
one job I can't do it since when I
thought was bed mask
Trevor Tomatoes me but moss
my name is the charrids
