where in the world is superwoman today a
New York City what about we wanted to
girl soup woman real name and so let me
just start by saying everything's going
wrong right now keep this construction
happening outside my hotel room
literally transformers are humping each
other outside my hotel room have a
pimple on my lip it's huge I popped it
or nose Asian pop it I popped it anyways
and out there and there it is comment
below come over here oh my god your
pimples ugly just come and get out of
the way comment below pimples all ugly
people to do it there is out of your
system because now I need to talk about
a really important matter and that is
that it is super Thursday ask you what
do you want to see and one you lovely
said types of poops and you know what I
really like that level of maturity
because as an adult I am completely
qualified to make this video okay I've
been pooping for 27 years except for
that one year that I was constipated
because I would only potato chips 26
years I'm going to get sick that one
time in India 33 years taking a poop is
like swimming in a pool okay you feel
lighter you're in there for way longer
than you should be and you always pee
wait what okay enjoy number one
the weight loss now this is the poop
where you just feel like you released
half of your body okay because legit
after you're done you feel like you lost
weight this type of poop usually happens
when you had to hold in your poo for
some reason maybe you were on the bus
maybe you were watching a movie maybe
you were at a friend's house right and
you don't know them like that you don't
want to ruin the relationship but then
you finally y'all done out there then
Optimus Prime I know you was a
one-minute man and then that glorious
moment came where you finally went to
the bathroom and unleashed the wrath and
the wrath did not hesitate you take a
dump you stand up you're feeling like a
different person when I walked into the
washroom straight up I was a size five
okay I walked out size three and you can
kind of see my abs this is a type of
poop that impacts your day okay it's
like a tumblr quote it leaves you
feeling good you just like strutting
your stuff like what's up and these are
type of poops that you just don't forget
about no guy had one of them this
morning I walked up washroom I was
feeling myself okay
i winged my liner flossed I even
organized my computer desktop cuz I'm
not you I need to step up my game of um
be pooping like a probe now all throat
today I was just zoning out for
everything I was doing cause I just like
y'all remember that poop you had this
morning diam not really that will happen
you remember the poo you had this
morning
dear God please protect those in need
and thank you so much for watching over
me oh and thank you so much for that
amazing poop at 10:30 9:00 a.m. you're
the real MVP number two the boom box
poop round tour ready y'all tryin to get
your own reality TV show 16 robots and
Counting Chuck now in my opinion the
fact that is 2016 I don't have the
ability to poop on demand or better yet
flick a switch and hold my poop in it
just really means that we're failures in
technological advances the number of
times I'm at a friend's house or friend
is at my house or someone's in my hotel
room and I have to hold in my poop it's
simply unacceptable because there's a
situation right you know if you walk
into the washing to drop at boost the
person's like four feet from the door
and they're gonna hear everything going
on in there so what do you do you sit
down and you do everything in your power
to poop as silently as possible okay
you're giving a motivational speech
chair booty right now you're giving a
TED talk just like y'all you can do this
okay I believe in you you're trying to
lean your weight to one where you're
trying to position your booty in a way
that your poop might be centering the
kamasutra of silent pooping positions
okay and then you're like okay let me
just flex this room over right here
doesn't it let my booty as close to the
water as possible you up there whatever
you need to do so your poop doesn't
sound like a dubstep anthem so you
release and you hope for the best you
hope for the best now what happened
betray about the booty this is louder
than dial-up internet this is me sound
like Skrillex is next album and you just
like damn it everyone is hearing my
biology and then at this point try
making yourself feel better by telling
yourself oh this is so stupid
you're human okay this is okay everyone
poops everyone else makes poop noises
it's fine no it's I'm a mature adult I'm
beyond this with the newfound confidence
you walk out the washroom you see your
friend nothing's wrong everything's fine
you're like see we're all adults here
until next week you borrow your friend's
phone and you see your name and saved as
puppet onyx Apple music you'll be god it
is body number three the prankster poop
did I press record number three the
prankster poop
so I'm sitting on my sofa watching TV
ray and I have the urge to poo but I got
my priority but I don't want to miss any
of my show so what do I do hold it in
cuz my poop organs are strong they can
handle it okay my large intestine came
to this country with seven dollars in
his pocket okay it have to work two jobs
it knows the struggle but then as time
passes the urge to poop grows I'm sorry
fine let me stop watching the show ruin
the whole atmosphere and vibe and go
deal with biology on biology so needy
sometimes my biology just stays texting
me like I'm hungry I need sleep I need
to poop and I'm sitting over here like
new phone Buddhist so I walk into the
washroom sit down and get ready to drop
bombs and then what happens nothing
nothing happens because apparently the
United Nations went up my bumhole and
removed all the bombs and now there's
peace in the South hi hello poop where
did you go call my poop like an uber
just like hey sorry what's your ETA not
now that you're going the wrong way know
where I drop the pin because when I was
sitting on the sofa enjoying my show my
poop was all like Diana Ross just like
I'm coming out and now that we're here
I'll feel like Justin Bieber cuz I'm
just like well you know that I need you
don't know where cuz brah I already got
the toilet paper in my hand okay what do
you want me to do with these seven
squares right now you got me out here
wasting trees okay you got me out here
googling how to make origami swans so I
wait and wait and nothing happens
you know what because this poop is a
prankster okay this pool is fouseytube
this pool put GoPros all up in my
washroom and now all of its friends are
laughing at me so finally I give up I go
back to the sofa back to watching TV and
then what happens knock-knock okay oh
and I'm just like at you poo okay means
you're gonna find piglet and hang out
because I'm done with your nonsense who
had the best poo this morning man it was
good numbah for the perfect poo you ever
gonna take a crap and everything just
works out super smoothly literally you
don't need to put in too much effort you
know just kind of sit down this kind of
happens it's comfortable it's relaxing
it's satisfying it's on point straight
up bowel movements on fleek bowel
movement goals and then you start
feeling really proud of yourselves like
yo did you see that poop I must be
really healthy well it's probably that
salad I had a salad yesterday it's
probably it's probably because that all
URLs like the gym earlier this month and
all these all these actions are just
equaling a healthy lifestyle
water that's probably what it is like
I'm like a fitness guru just like yo my
system has better call of duty the next
months I just imagine my insides looking
like a very organized database you know
just like okay here we got tomorrow's 9
a.m. pool right there a little file
folder over tomorrow's 10 p.m. pool
right there
imagine like a little amiibo wearing a
tie at a desk in my bumhole just like
okay everything looks in order here oh
my god oh my god
and then when I'm constipated it's
probably because they went on strike my
genius number five the two flusher let's
say you somehow mastered the Kama Sutra
of silent pooping and you had a flawless
quiet poop and your friends outside they
have no idea what took place feeling
good about yourself you know
wash your hands look in the mirror
you're like good job you're about to
walk on what you see it seems like your
poop is wearing a light jacket because
that ish didn't flush your poop is
definite role from Titanic your poop is
blowing a whistle on a door panel right
now the poop remains the toilet paper
remains thing my mates and I D like damn
I need to flush this again but wait I
can't flush twice my friends are gonna
hear that I flushed twice I already
flushed one my one flush has been
accounted for so then what do you do you
know you do what any mature adult does
okay you make up a series of excuses you
just walk out the washroom like man
that's what it's so weird I like flush
on its own or you know what I didn't
properly press the button you know I was
like hard to press it's like I'm getting
weaker you know what I'm probably
laughing b12 and then I was in there had
this idea for sick beats I was producing
a beat in there and then I use two
flushes to the course
stop lying Lilly okay you flush twice
because your crap was so big that toilet
can handle it what your crap was so big
that your large intestine looks like a
before-and-after picture in an
infomercial your crap was so big that it
looks like the poop emoji took steroids
your crap is so big that I have to shop
at the big and tall store your crap was
so big that it sounded like a Donald
Trump speech you took a crap so big at
the toilet on crutches okay the toilet
has to go to therapy the toilet could
never walk again
the toilets up in the Special Olympics
because you're crap the toilets trying
to flush and you just doubted a king
high you drop so many bricks in that
toilet it looks like a game of Tetris
and you're losing you made so many beans
that if you put a bag over your head you
would look like a beanbag chair if they
made a movie about you it will be called
James and the Giant poop you would be
James last name brown not because you're
saying but because you poop dude I'm
joking obviously I want to hear that
sick beat man
no I hope you enjoyed that video if you
did give it a big thumbs up comment
below letting me know are you weird
talking about poop or like are you cool
talking about poop let me know where you
weird out were you cringing watch this
video when you like yeah you can check
out my last video right over there it is
called types of sports fan my second
vlogging channel is right over there
and yo today we hit 9 million
subscribers team super thank you so much
for your love and support this crazy and
insane 9 million like what that's
basically like the population of the
planet and possibly Mars so thank you so
much congratulations to you as well
because we're in this together also for
those of you that are in the New York
City area I will be at Sephora in Times
Square tomorrow all the informations in
the description if you want to meet me
there's a few things you could do to do
that and we can other than that make
sure you subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and I
would love for you to join our 9 milli
family one love superwoman that is a
wrap and
