and whatever we wanted to go simple but
I'm welcome to ask superwoman life or
the first and foremost is giddy
if you know what's up if you know what's
up let's get you ready to be asked to
fool I the live scream I do on the 14th
of every single month just an hour here
to spend time with you my lovelies
answer your questions give me some
updating some shout outs I'll do God are
you softly caress your face if you
cuddle impose upon your back maybe put
up your pants for you you can see right
here all the low stakes
eyes over the next hour waiting spend
some quality time together and I'm so
excited I hope you can hear me hope you
can see me I think so because this time
I decide not to use that loo super
complicated program I've been using like
you effing up as I can oh gee keep it
original no fancy effects Nutter Yosh
we gonna keep it simple will get the job
done right now if you want to join the
conversation you see all of us talking
like y'all you I want to sit with them
and sup you can sit with us everyone's
allowed to sit with us team super loves
everybody tweet me use the hashtag ask
Superman live even to be at
iisuperwomanii the link to that is also
in the description and yo let's have a
good positive now 59 minutes of some
good old pain super fun yeah I mean this
is your first time here welcome if
you've been here many times welcome all
the same that's a lot of talking I just
it I feel like my lungs just collapsed
um grab yourself a snack and drink I got
myself some popcorn it's actually vegan
popcorn I'm pretty delicious I got
myself some water Who am I Who am I
shoutouts here to give away to all of
you I'll have some exciting things to
tell you so I may jump on Twitter get
this thing going do the same tweet the
URL it's right there and let people know
to join the party
we're having a team super party they
should join if they don't joy then I
mean nothing's really gonna happen but
it would be cool if they did join
also look at my shirt just sayin
queen bee and a lotta you might be like
slurring on your shirt Hammacher let you
in on a little secret here and I know
they'll feel something away this I don't
swear I know that most you know my don't
swear like I not that I think anything's
wrong with other people swear I don't
think anything is wrong with that I
think it's an expression and people
should be free to express in the
vocabulary as long as doesn't hurt
anyone and I don't think swearing hurts
anyone because unless you're not
swearing at let me rephrase I don't care
if people express themselves to swearing
as long as it'll hurt me anyway um but
one thing I do know is I occasionally to
my friend I do give the finger sometimes
I don't know what it is I don't I don't
consider it the same ass word I also
swear in other languages it's not in
English but in fact based on my shirt
but um yeah anyways a supreme loves
hashtag do you think do you think do you
think a lot of exciting things are
happening
number one is we are so close we are so
close to hitting nine million
subscribers on this channel I feel like
by tomorrow or the day after
where did not subscribe just crazy
that's crazy that's just dumb that's
stupid
that's just sit in the corner because I
got in trouble that should wear a dunce
cap get that field it's math test that's
stupid that's dumb yeah I knew so thank
you so much just be really exciting
myself with that what happens and the
meantime tweeting your questions teach
me all that stuff I'm sorry passing a
little bit like tired a little by 8:30
for some meetings yeah currently there's
like at 8:30 in the morning now I don't
know some time that people speak up um
but yeah and you go check put your
question through the hash tag and in
about five minutes I'll tell you how you
can win the first shoutout I'm gonna
tell you for sure that one of the
shoutouts is gonna go to someone who
uses the hashtag asks to go in life so
use it love it be it live the hashtag
also it's got the popcorn stuck in my
teeth because my teeth are moving
because of my Invisalign and I can no
longer gauge where the gaps in my teeth
are and so things are stuck in my teeth
all the mother effing time literally
I'll talk to people and everybody hi all
and because I just wouldn't even know
things are stuck in my teeth
alright we tired tweet our Oh
a spin asks again how come you sip is
not doing that lap dance
honestly I should call him right now and
be like mother effer
what aren't you gonna Tek some right now
I text him right now
hold on are you free are you free I'm
doing a live extreme and want to
FaceTime or call you let Siri says good
question though I'm yet to get that lap
dance that's right please give us an
eyebrow tutorial a similar honestly I
don't know why people are always
complimenting my eyes I think it's
because you're speaking from a distance
if you look up close you'll see that I
am literally filling them in so much
because I don't have eyebrows also if
you look right now
this one is darker than this one because
I probably look good like this wiped off
so girl you need to find yourself a
better teacher it's all I've got to say
about that yo people here chilli party
you're very small also thousands you
let's get this straight right if you
don't know the team super handshake let
me teach you right now there's this
crucial stuff is crucial stuff right
here okay this is what you got to do you
take your hand and you go kick kick
slide up grab hands
props three three so positive mysamma
kind of be like I took a lot of
concentration as you can tell by my
faces are like but you learn the
handshake 70 videos I say team super
handshake that's what's up you meet me
i'ma go like this and you best know the
handshake yeah I'm saying that I did now
going on all 13,000 14,000 you watching
right now it needs to know the hand
shake don't get it twisted all right
don't get a quick string you're saying a
pretzel okay
it's a breadstick yes I mean all right
more questions on my car in the meantime
I'm gonna do crazy hairstyles as I
answer questions um
why because I feel like it all right
let's see I'm just a girl you know just
a girl Jersey girl asks
read any good fan fics lady I'm Rihanna
to do I don't think I've ever in my life
read a fanfiction I think I might like
half of one this one time other than
that I it's not something I should do I
don't really know how to go about doing
that kind of stuff I don't know where to
find it and I don't know what it like I
just the whole process really confuses
me
it's already going to have a peel box
okay a lot of people have been asking
this I'm who's struggling there's really
a lot of you love that asking me if I'm
going to have a peel box the honest
answer is I don't think so I don't think
I'm gonna peel Bob snuggly simply
because when I had one in Toronto my
house was filled with things and I don't
want to be in that situation where I
start getting ungrateful because I've so
much stuff like I haven't fortunate
enough to have a lot of stuff and so I
don't want to keep getting stuff there's
a lot of people out there in the world
that need stuff and I believe our
efforts go towards them the only time I
will open a peel box again is if I like
do something for charity go Mike all
right everyone seven you stop and I'll
take the stuff and donate it somewhere
that's that's gonna open up your box oh
I like that i don't i don't think so i
mean i please get so crowded that's how
my last one was like disastrous i'm not
yet okay next question do you have a
boyfriend
oh can't answer that you can use the
hashtag so tough when would you when
will you ever visit Iceland you know I
really want I mean I'm so soft we're
talking about the other day
I really wanted was Iceland I really
really want to so I'm soon as soon as
the answer ten more questions more
questions do you ever wear heels
okay sure me ask you boys my things my
relationship feels I think heels are
awesome and they're sexy and they're hot
and they're powerful my ankles are very
weak so I don't know if it was because I
don't like heels I don't wear heels
because I literally could not walk in
heels like I did it shoots the other day
not Iceland is trending something
happening and I say I'm and my ignorant
idiot that doesn't know what's happening
and I spend Reena Oh something with
supports right again or anything about
that anyways I was wearing heels for
shoot I was doing and my ankles were to
snap like my ankles are not built to
withstand heels
I've tried so many times it's just
either my bones are aligned properly or
the muscle tendons or whatever
not strong enough I have no idea but
that's why the way yells Oh
14,000 if you watch you might not thank
you so much for being here and two
minutes of the time oh you could've shut
up in the meantime you can ask me
questions using the hosta hash tag in
the head then that that you can tweet me
using the hashtag ask Superman live on
Twitter glitter tutorials asks how long
is your hair here is this long next
question
if you dye your hair and what color
would it be asks Jenna
honestly I'm too chicken to dye my hair
but if I was in a diet I'd want to diet
like a candy Johnson red because I think
that red hair that she used to have with
your pinky right now is also very nice
but I think it's like really really
really dope that right there you guys
have Daenerys half or York when you
think I'm gonna stop soon but I just run
what they like keep going am i green it
tight that's I mean yesterday yesterday
I'm so weird in that video no no
boundaries just being myself so you know
all right one more question how often do
you stop team super asks catty a lot I
start to sprawl wah I stop over a lot
I've been able to live on Twitter I love
Twitter Instagram aha and so I even
though I might not always engage I
watched a lot of eyes and what you guys
do and I think it's awesome
and yeah let me pick something Michelle
- how you finish are you saying that I
will win this shuttle so for you anytime
yeah we did shut up now I'm gonna tell
you right now how would you shut up the
red run what you need to do gone
facebook.com slash iisuperwomanii means
that it's in the description there's a
link I'm going to post my latest video
call types of sports fans and this is
what I'm gonna say click share and give
this video a thumbs up to win a live
shout out right now
come on hello when you're done there you
go
my name is quick chair give it a thumbs
up in the combo let me know you did it
so I can pick one even give you a shut
up and show my appreciation for your
face and for your arms and for your toes
because that is what I would like to do
there is 40,000 Lucas there's 14,000
people do many people that is 14 that
let's align people 14,000 people is like
three thousand 999 more friends than I
have that's a lot of people are all here
in this moment together
take it home again let's try something
we try something this might be kind of
some kind of regular traffic let's see
if we can be connected all 14,000 of us
if 14,000 people across the planet all
do the same thing right now
just think about that you could be a New
Zealand you could be Australia you're
gonna be Mumbai
you don't mean diddly little bit in
Dubai you could be in Singapore gonna be
the UK you could be any literally
anywhere okay I want you all to take
your right hand okay and once you put it
on your screen imagine this in your
brain right now 14,000 people just do it
I don't care if it with someone else
you're embarrassed in the library or in
Cotton's when Africa needs to do it
touch the screen I'm touching my screen
14,000 people are touching their screen
connecting two teams of arena
holy crap that's pretty freakin awesome
if you think about it let's try the
handshake right you go ready ready that
pauses crucial it's not it's cool
whoo sound effects whoo-hoo that's
what's up
you know what's up all 14,600 view I
love you all all right I'm gonna let
that simmer on Facebook for a couple
more minutes and then I'm gonna pick a
winner and that's what's crack-a-lackin'
let me tell you about a few things
that's popping off in my life though
right now first and foremost I don't
know this right it's my hat I will do
this morning
you know and Nicola are you watching my
live stream haha Nicole I love you babe
um when right now Yussef okay all right
so this morning right hold up before I
type it straight but this morning let's
just get one thing sorted off right now
pull up pull up pull up pull up
did you do this I was calling you crazy
this is yousef this is guy I tell him
what a face 17 takes his shirt off he
puts a hide on he put it on his face
you about to shave anyway the reason I'm
calling you is because so many of the
team super members have a question for
you and that question is when am I gonna
get my lap dance
this weekend I'm going to York tomorrow
next week you were next week use them as
Lord okay we have this group text with
Suzy Laura as long as they keep texting
that's coming up but next week you
promise pinky promise
okay there you have it uses give me a
lap dance actually okay boo I'll talk to
you later
anyway there you have it next week next
Orido Christmas because mental mental
math this morning right have my alarm
set you know I don't wake up let me just
change story I don't wake up to a lot
okay I don't do it
I kick I got spanked backwards
it's like this I click snooze ain't
nothing wake me up okay didn't be a
hurricane
I ain't waking up I don't wake up okay
the girl from a freaking ring to become
humble okay it's been seven days and I'm
like oh yeah cuz I thank you I don't get
up okay
but then this morning as I was clicking
snooze on my life it's you know through
the high road was up at my phone oh my
this is the city that's a rock
dude what is this and then I and then I
open on my phone right I open up my
phone and then I go to Doane's Instagram
all right let me just show you this real
quick
and there's your girl intern addiction
director and acute status otis thing and
then I see that boom we spell my name a
lot ly so you know what I did yo you
need to call the government get them to
change my name okay because it doesn't
matter what my name is my name is
whenever the rock says my name is okay I
know I've been say my name is al ly wait
once for Li Li then it's Ella
go F itself because I got too many yells
my name anyway so you know what I didn't
give an F and then I tweeted him that
and then he changed it to la loi and
then texted me after as well being like
at last L can go ahead himself for the
smiley face and I'm just like who you
know I can't he's so sweet
posting pictures of me on his instinct
gram when he could be posting pictures
of anybody else but each hopes they post
a picture with me I'm just saying he is
the sweetest most wonderful man ever and
and I always happened him about you to
that research channel I was like nearly
helped him down to help him work on his
movie when I met him and he invited me
humble and humble man he's just so
amazing and sweet and wonderful and on
that note central intelligence is so
dope when it comes out I encourage you
all to see it because Dwayne come and
heart as well they're both so funny like
I've never seen Dwayne play a character
like that and he's so funny and so good
in it and I genuinely encourage you all
to go check out that movie in theaters
when it comes out and support it because
that man deserves to be supported that's
all I must say I'm much shut up now okay
you guys sounds like I'm playing game of
rock-paper-scissors and I'm just stuck
on rockem's like like a broken record
but that's what's up that's reality in
about 10 seconds I'm gonna refresh my
facebook and pick someone to give a
shout-out to I I cool um let's go
through this I've missed what you guys
are saying there's so many tweets coming
in oh my god oh my god oh my god you
guys saying that and you couldn't hear
Yusef what you guys are saying here is
that one person let me know if we
couldn't hear you zip and I'll tell you
what he said but I think you guys should
have been able to hear let me know okay
in 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 3 2
Oh three two one all right all right
here okay and let me go over her okay
okay let's see you I got someone we're
gonna learn to use paper underneath the
shadow because I've done got power mark
around this desk already once okay I'm
writing a name it could be your name all
right Keith it could not be your name
you're trying to find out momentarily
the person on the first shuttle your
name starts with L I guess the L in my
name that I told you go into your name
because Leo Kelly we're the first posed
to win a shout-out thank you so much for
your love and support motor paper cut if
you miss that don't trip Leo survived
she was done it would be on my channel
where you can pause rewind screenshot do
all that edge thanks so much for being
here
you said girl I hit that like button
like a girl I hit that like button and
hit that share button please shut me out
girl cuz I love you team super and it
would make my life so happy I hope I
made your life happy in some such way I
have two workshops to give away so if
you don't win why you trippin tie your
shoelaces
is that Mario Kart there's not bananas
everywhere you're not Suzie you're good
at this okay that's what's going on um
alright there we go let's see what
people said you guys hear what Yusuf
said I kind of didn't hear Yousef he
basically said next week next week he's
gonna give me a lap dance that's what he
says but you know you've been saying
that we gotta see you guys see you guys
see what else they tell you about
tomorrow I am going to New York we're
going to do York for an event or a few
things before an event with Smashbox
which
150 people in New York can meet me so
the situation is let me show you because
I posted an on my actually I posted on
my facebook - I just go there so I'm not
rude holding phone basically what the
situation is a man lured by gun you can
meet me at Sephora in Times Square which
is 1500 Broadway New York postal code is
136 when Friday June 17th
this way the event times from 11:00 to
7:00 but my time there is 2 to 4 p.m.
here's the catch first 150 people to
purchase any full-size Smashbox product
at Sephora Times Square will get a
wristband to meet me actual clock
limited quantities while supplies last
if you live in New York and you want to
meet me and wanted to get some some
boughs and all right yes I like to go
you know what to do
Times Square Sephora on Friday that's
what's up you used MQ to do first
hundred fifty people goes up to me I'd
meet a million a million million people
unfortunately I'm one person one body
with two boobs and two arms and I can't
do that all that stuff you mean so I'm
trying my best and that's a good nut
all right more questions and then in
about two months in this second shout
out all right here we go
oh my god time is finally over 30
minutes up oh thanks for so unfair
sometimes okay hey we should dance a lot
of dance party later dude
tweet me let me know what song should
dance to prefer there not a copy written
song so maybe a song by like we maybe
Lindsey Stirling's ah okay next question
fucking my asks what's your favorite
makeup product and why okay you're gonna
think I'm biased and saying this but
truly one of my favorite makeup art
products is my boss with lipstick and
that's because well this too I also
really love mascara
I love mascara because I'm always sleepy
and mascara makes me look awake and so
mascara is very important to me so I
love mascara but I like my boss lipstick
because one thing I don't like about
makeup I'll be straight up this and this
is like consistent across my life I
don't like things that will choir a lot
of maintenance that's why I'm single
that's why I don't have a boyfriend
that's why are all the kids okay I am
not the type of person that can carry
makeup around with me and touch things
up I'm not the type of person that like
touches their hair up and like I'm just
not I just can't do that it I haven't
listened because I never have touched
that ish up I literally never do like it
literally looks just as read by the end
of the night and I don't carry a purse
just hard for me to carry one lipstick
that's why I love it
sarah and lipstick a problem at two most
favorite things and acid English I don't
know how to use many other things I
don't know how to use bronzer and don't
know how to contour I don't know how to
use those things but yeah those are my
two favorite making things as you want a
question then we're gonna have a dance
party then I'm gonna give a shout in the
way and that's what's going on hope
you're having a good day by the way
thanks so much for spending time with me
all eleven thousand people are being
thrown twelve thousand people of you
being here thank you so much for being
here all right
i sir asked have you seen Dance Moms I'm
gonna be honest I have not seen Dance
Moms
but I do know Maddie is a part of Dance
Moms and I love her I've seen a perform
live and I've also had the honor of
meeting her twice and one of my top 10
favorite things to do on the Sun is
probably watching Maddie Dance
I think she's captivating and brilliant
and passionate and strong and I love
watching that girl bands like it is
literally top 10 most favorite things to
do okay let us watch it now very very
disturbing okay a students Easterling
okay this is what I want to do I do a
little more now are you with friends
either way doesn't matter what you
should do is you should dance literally
and genuinely like no one is watching
sometimes I notice in public some
positive way but really close my eyes
and I will chant according to the music
and not care about how I look
let's take of this live stream up to my
eyes open but I'm gonna do that right
now me on the music dance it is so
liberating we're gonna dance to Lindsey
Stirling's crystal eyes okay
that is the best thing I've ever done in
my entire life delicious oh hi when the
next round is almost switch it up a
little bit okay I'm going to I would
like you and I genuinely me this I don't
want you to just do this to wanna shout
out one thing because it's important and
you should do this I want you to use the
hashtag as Tacoma live but in the tweet
I want you to write why you love
yourself and I want you to think don't
just like write some crap a little bit
so because of norm so no no no no I want
you to pause and reflect
why do you actually love yourself what
is unique about you that you love
yourself like if I had to answer
question why I love myself there's a lot
of things I love about my cell phone
there's some things I think I could
improve on but one things I really love
about myself
I really love my work ethic I love that
I don't want things given to me and I
want to work really hard for them that's
what I love about myself and so I want
you to tell me really rips like deep
down and tell me why do you love
yourself and tweet me using the hashtag
asked to go in life and I will pick
someone to win a shout out
tired-ass down now sound good no no that
sounds good okay go yes simmer for a few
minutes
and in the meantime I'm a ton but some
more edge what do you work
what does not she won't start you pop
when the signals I'm going to do your
first match box on them derek is also to
meet me there to new shoots one
billboard stuff I am going straight from
New York to Toronto or the MMVAs which
I'm very excited about I'm presenting at
the MMVAs which is super super cool so
that's happening on the 19th member not
to LA and I will be at VidCon however I
will only be at one day of VidCon and on
that day I am committed to doing
everything I'm supposed to over the
weekend in that one day so it's gonna be
a hectic day but I wanted to do that
because I had to pull out of the rest of
these I've become because of my friend's
wedding in Toronto and I couldn't miss
that and I already committed to things I
didn't want to cancel my being green I
don't want do other stuff some Jam
hanging on to one gauge will be the 23rd
I will be epic on that one day doing a
whole bunch of panels do my meet and
greet doing some exciting announcement
t-step which would be really really cool
but yeah so we got Smash Mouth events
MMVAs
and they con all very super exciting
stuff and that's going to go on on let
me check out some Oreo questions up on
Twitter oh I see cool drawing very nice
I'm gonna give it a like I love myself
because I'm genuinely smart I love
myself because they give people second
chances when I think people deserve them
I love myself because I'm not afraid to
be myself I love myself because I do not
have stage fright that's awesome
I love myself because I'm accepted Who I
am all my flaws I know I'm not perfect
and that's okay I love myself because
I'm a survivor I've survived a lot of
hard times are still smiling I love
myself because I stand up against the
things which are wrong I love myself
because of my imagination
all great keep them coming tell me why
dig deep why do you love yourself
what is special about you beyond mixture
what is special about you that no one
else has like you have it let me know I
want to hear it I need to know because I
want to date you and I need to know this
information that's why huge shadows all
eleven thousand you guys still here even
amongst my weirdness and craziness and
I'm holding it down on a Tuesday Street
and going up on Tuesday just spending
some time with me I really really really
really appreciate it and again it's
going to be intense I'm walking it when
you look okay I'm okay
Daniel young Lucas Jones Oh wah wah wah
okay I'm sorry now I haven't mixed your
questions and why I love myself let me
go through them okay let me just pick a
winner
for this because then you get back to
questions because right now my twitter
is full of why you love yourself and I
love seeing that I'm almost tempted to
not pick a winner right now said you can
keep treating me why you love yourself
okay let's see who I want to pay
well I wasn't me no no it was like that
one again yeah no no is there yeah sorry
but um let me pick a winner
they're all so good I know the pain good
okay I got one I got one I got one I got
one I'm writing your name boom
I wrote your name if your name starts
with a you did not win this shutter but
if your name starts with s you also did
not win the show but if your name starts
with T you also my friends enough with
this shut up way out six it's you oh
it's not the person will they shout out
your name starts with a D and your tweet
is I love myself cuz I have nine months
sober and I'm overcoming true struggle
and I'm a better woman because of it
that is amazing that takes strength and
power and I salute you Danielle K thank
you for being here
there's your shoutout I appreciate you
bro
there you love you mrs. Daniel don't
worry girl when this action was done you
can pause record or whine screenshot on
a dad yeah thank you so much for being
here and congratulations on nine months
sober that is amazing to hear and I wish
nothing but the absolute best for you
and I know that you will accomplish
great things and conquer great
challenges and Daniela you're just
awesome you're just awesome
alrighty here we go Shannon says so when
you're gonna give us a hint about the
secret project well not now all right
next question
mmm Julia asked who's your favorite game
of Thrones character okay what do you
mean we started right
I love me Khaleesi Daenerys Targaryen
hands on my finger I really like arias
storyline words going now I don't want
to do with any spoilers because people
might not see if I really aria I mean
it's on I was like beautiful it's a
strong female characters and them to all
super dog songs up
Daenerys Aria I love Tyrion obviously
wouldn't like Tyrion he's like he has
some of the best dialogue of osho so
those would be my favorites outside of
Colorado but you know oh my god have you
ever danced naked asks Muhammad I'm just
right now I'm sure I've danced in the
shower I'm sure I've danced while
changing clothes my dad's pretty much
all the time can you give us a hand who
your collabs are with as the jet
princess yes I kind of in fact I can
tell you who they're with my first club
I'm shooting it with Tila and Ava two
people have never collaborated with
later on tonight I make a cameo and one
of John's videos
so the very busy day then I got a pack
as well those the classroom today yeah
me all right in about five minutes I'm
gonna tell you how you can win the last
hour it is gonna be to someone who uses
the hashtag ask some light just so you
know that's what's gonna be that's this
topic that's going on all right a man's
it's more your question I love you but I
have OCD and all yours crunch crunch I'm
so sorry I just know he is I just
reading a popcorn and almost rule and I
keep eating and I know and I almost
finished the whole bag but I just really
like it makes me really happy and it's
only 140 calories per cup and that's not
bad I'm sorry but I'm still good you to
popcorn okay Maggie says do you know
much of holies secret menu
now you're talking about would stop more
meds are you are you pranking me right
now it's the prank what secret Megan I
don't know what a secret menu puts so
much a new list of things
Chipotle secret menu secret menu
chaparro I'll get back to you about that
okay next question can you wish
amber dance 2008 happy birthday happy
belated birthday amber dance mm I hope
you had a wonderful great stupendous day
and you dabbed a lot whoo that let me
the next tweet which was from my escape
from reality who said that please you
need to use the hashtag I still did it
will you be selling more merch asks
Isaac I only sell merch when I really
like merch I don't like to sell merch
the sake of selling merch I might not
have my lipstick on sale and I'm
connecting with that and I think I'm
gonna hold off before I saw anything
major unless something really big that
I'm planning then you know maybe I'm so
freaking weird why do you watch me why
do you like me I read you yeah do you
like oranges asks legendary bear I do
like oranges I don't like peeling
oranges I think that's very annoying to
do also know I was younger orange peels
you still irritate me and so I wouldn't
peel them I'd be the mildly allergic cuz
they just not know but make me feel
you're touching them and stuff like that
but I love oranges I don't like orange
juice but I like oranges and I just
don't like to peel them so if you would
like to peel my oranges that would be
great if you hire a professional orange
peeler that would be great or I can just
move back in with my mom that can happen
- all right Lego sorry I'm getting a
little sleepy I'm gonna go sleep am
about at 8:30 and um I'm shooting my
collab with teal at 4:30 and so after
his life he was done like the moment
it's dum-dum a moment it's done I'm
literally gonna like dive down the
stairs and crawl into my bed and take a
30-minute nap is what's gonna happen
I've mastered the art of napping by the
way even I think about me you guys suck
at napping when I say I'm napping
I actually just mean I'm gonna sleep for
five hours and fail in life because I
miss everything I have to do but
recently I've been able to take like 30
minute or an hour naps and then wake up
I don't know I guess I'm just becoming
an adult and I'm getting better at
things I don't know we'll see okay -
your mom and dad so do you and your mom
so sponsor the adorable little girl in
India yes and I mom and I still smoke
the subtractor my mom's credit cards
with mom sponsors a girl in get name
who's fun um but I was thinking about
sponsoring my own little girl as well
but I'm debating which organized
do that but yes my mom is a sponsored
was gone in India and she is do you ever
watch any of your old videos make fun of
yourselves self as Jory okay
what do all the videos is literally the
most uncomfortable thing ever I'm weird
I'm awkward and I'm like I don't know
when I watch my old videos it's so
cringe-worthy it's so pretty I'm really
hard time doing that even like my new
videos I can't watch them in front of
other people that's weird the whole
thing is weird
Faiza says tongue twister and see what
this tongue twister got here I saw Susie
sitting in a shoeshine shop where she
sits sheesh times I saw Susie sitting in
a shoeshine shop where she sits she
shines and where she said okay I can not
we can do it how much wood would a
woodchuck table we could no can do it it
would suck to have a woodchuck could
chuck wood huh how much chuckles it
would huh that's right okay next
question in two minutes I'm gonna pick a
winner with the hashtag ask Superman
line so if you sitting there picking
your bum and not tweeting using the
hashtag and you expecting a shout-out
it's not gonna happen my friend my
friend it's not what I was a fine
feathered friend but they don't look
you're not Birds what am I saying Gus
then I said Ben yeah no uh that's not
mad at my friend you need to use the
hashtag ask to fall in line that's what
he's happen okay you need to use it on
Twitter and I can click on it the Nang I
write the name on the paper then I'm
gonna go shut up okay
do you miss Lana steal asks em on the
llama corn first of all I love Longhorns
um as long as that worked on the show
was really dope and really nice down guy
I miss sound guy um and it was fun it
was fun to beat people up and like
pretend to do cool things so I do miss
it but I had fun while I was there and
I'm
maybe proud of it so that's what counts
um yeah questions so I'm looking for
question that I haven't answered a lot
of questions on what that buddy answered
so I'm trying to scroll to and find the
new ones
whoa isn't it a tongue twister by
princess Vicky a big bug bit a bold bald
bear and the bold bald bear blood blood
bad thing that's just wrong
my brain can't handle that like me can
you remember the character give it to
him try to get me some big bad bugs
right now a big bad bug bit a big bad a
big a big bug being a bold bad bear and
the fall beard was like a big bug bit of
old backflip a big bug bit of bull balls
beer and the bull Balbir very father I'm
not good
how did you become friends with an ocean
II as neither
I haven't invested an Australian
University chase and I were the
coordinators and the captains of a dance
team and an ocean II auditioned in our
second year and made the team so we met
through dance in University next going
on and it's hilarious to think that I
auditioned her to dance with in reality
which is a much better dancer than me so
that's kind of interesting but that's
how I went down
can you make the duck sound again it's
so cool as you show yes I can you can go
ahead and click subscribe now you can go
ahead and kick it top says it's not that
I'm not twisting you can go ahead and
click Subscribe now have it also my
teeth are still really quickly but you
don't tell they're like you see how
they're getting straighter look here
either guy straighter
like you see this is really crooked but
it's gonna move up and this is get a
little bit the front ones they're
getting straight they're getting say
okay I'm gonna pick someone to give a
shout-out to someone who asks the best
question with the hashtag asked to whom
life a question I never answered before
and a lot of discussion of answer before
us let's make very tough person asks me
the most unique question is in the
window shut up last channel constrain
make it spicy
make it count making unique make it all
of those things okay sorry I'm this is
me being like oh my god I'm really tired
I'm going crazy
uh-uh-uh someone just treated me saying
they loved my gums they loved my gums
isn't this thank you thank you so much
for liking my gums okay let's see how's
my hand asks I'm so sorry I lost your
name all right sign that team super
Dooley I still have a boo-boo and I feel
like it's gonna be a permanent part of
my hand oh that's not true it's slowly
disappearing but it's still very visible
the booboo I have in my hand it was a
boo-boo I got an ally but it's okay
because I had to put stab myself and
take the blood out no big deal whatever
- yeah okay Oh most unique question most
nake question nope events on these I've
answered these need more need more
they're answered that to that
but that's with that huh hey man I don't
really know this is tough because now
I'm getting random questions like is
your is your pinkie ticklish and stuff
I'm sorry it's taking so long I want to
make sure I give to someone who's asking
unique question ok this is kind of
unique question I'm gonna give this
person a shout-out and to be honest this
name sounds very familiar
so I feel like I have given this person
shut up before I don't remember I'm
sorry your name sounds familiar but I
like your questions I'm gonna do two
anyways and it's I'm giving you a shout
before the past then yo that means you
ask good questions okay I'm writing the
name it could be ordering that I'm
writing
eat my chicken scratch writing this I
dunno corn citing and I'm I can give you
a shout-out cuz you are my knight in
shining on it anyways the first one this
shut up your question was if you were
actually to become the leader of a place
called a unicorn Island describe what
you would do I'm tilde on I'm gonna give
you a shout out for that because I'm
gonna tell you right now what I would do
if I actually ruled a place called you
or not
you can pause rewind all that H when
this is done but I'm so intrigued by a
question because if I actually did lead
a place called you know crying I don't
believe the problems of the world are so
easily solved I don't but if I was in
the place gay marriage wouldn't even be
a thing like of course gay people that's
just stupid to think they would be able
to anyone can get married to anyone
right off the bat um anyone who has
issues with sexism or racism or
homophobia would not be allowed in you
know where now it's as simple as that if
you are hateful towards other residents
of unicorn Island you were not allowed
on your horn Island there would be no
guns on unicorn island there would be no
guns and if people smuggled in guns or
tried to bring us they would be deported
permanently and never be allowed good
unicorn up um the people committed
crimes depending on the crime that would
not be deported but they wouldn't go for
medial process we'd have to do X amount
of community service to better the
island Oh humble is lost someone asked
me if I was become the leader of place
called unicorn I live scribe Aerojet
rule the wrong I can kill people killed
anybody
no there's gonna be the buttons of food
in your crowd you know what you're
ruining my question and good thing going
here what would you do huh
were leading a place and you led a
certain region of the world what
decisions you make I would make it
mandatory for people to be more curious
than judgmental okay how would you how
would you I would create an environment
that encourages people without reward
people for hanging out with people from
different cultures lifestyles and rinses
because I mean a lot of the times we
hang over people were so similar to us
that we never get chance and people like
me and you we don't even realize how
much our traveling has expanded our
Springs a lot of people don't travel and
I would make travel mandatory so people
would leave the spot see how the rest of
the world is living and I'll get a
better understanding of how their lands
a lot of people think their life is
horrible and doesn't go see how the rest
of the world is living and be like hey I
don't got it so bad I just noticed
something I thought the same thing
what's not all right but good question
we're gonna answer one more two more
questions then it's time to go bye bye
I'm gonna go Nana for 30 minutes oh yeah
I'm done in two minutes
what do we know that person I've asked
about this okay
so many of you said that you want to be
included when humble that I play catch
here's your moment to conclude right now
that's a question that we get okay um
he's a good one
if you work as a security at a Samsung
store would you be a guardian of the
galaxy that's a good one who said that
Morgan villach who said that
it's okay which is the anniversary of it
beautiful that's a big there you have it
folks
um we're gonna end this last you want a
positive thought from each of us thank
you so much for spending your Tuesday
it's a random day I know that live
stream but thanks so much for spending
your time and energy with me um well you
can think of a buzzer thought I will
also have a positive fuck let me know if
you have a life or we don't
um anything yes okay go ahead come on up
here come on down to the price is right
and what I mean that
like that one of my favorite community
George Carlin said trying to like buy
stuff to be happy is like taking
sandwiches to your body trying to get
full and I think we should do it the
other way I know a lot of stuff outside
a lot of your friends you hang out with
make you happy but we can't make it
their responsibility to keep those that
we have to have sources of habits on the
inside from me for example writing the
teeth you watching the movie make me
happy but this is something between me
and my own world we keep making other
people responsibilities then eventually
because they're human they let us down
and that's not fair so focus on self
love self happiness and then once you
fill up your cup I left so much extra
you can spill it all over people my
thought is going to be something I've
been thinking a lot about recently um
something that I'm not always great at
but I'm trying to get better at which is
to answer certain situations first and
foremost with compassion
it might come across a little bit
shocking because unicorn but some time
that I'm doing work and I'm doing
business stuff I'm trying to figure out
projects and shoots I can get very
task-oriented which is great it's helped
me so far but I think a lot of times
when we're in situations we do need to
even if it doesn't govern our action
it's important to take a step back and
think how can i address the situation
with compassion first and foremost to
this person and as we you always have to
you know act and according to that
because people will take advantage of
that but it means acknowledging kind of
the life people the life of services
looking at the situation centers might
be in a white person's acting the way
they are so think about all those things
instead of easily just missing it it's
like you're lazy you're slack you're a
stupid yeah this is like well let me
think about the shoes they're walking in
a little bit and deal with the situation
with compassion and I think that's very
important to understand people like that
so for example like if I'm paying home a
little monopoly deal and he he loses I
don't want to just be like you suck I
just wanna get listen maybe like growing
up
you are used to winning a please you
know if you permanently become part of
who you are and I want you boys playing
me but she doesn't want to lose I should
understand listen I have to have some
compassion she's just a scared little
girl when have I ever said everything
when's lesson you asked me I said no I
really really do treat me with
compassion and take a walk through in
shoes even if you don't know how to do
that understand that they have a
different pair of shoes that's a good
start to begin with but the time is up
I'm gonna run into my bed take a
30-minute nap so I can be all pump for
my collapse one will catch and that's it
but no thank you so much for joining me
for a supermoon live I'll see you on the
14th of next month keep smiling have you
all so much each other
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
