now I'ma be real with you I don't know
much about sports so I'm not really
qualified to make this video but I do
have a degree in psychology which means
I'm extremely qualified to act like I
know things what ever wanted to girls
soup woman I am a toddler I just I can't
make videos my hair open anymore I
stanbury's get so hot
it's like my neck I got I'm sweating
anymore deodorants a whole thing and the
NBA Finals are upon us now if you live
in some part of the world that doesn't
give an F about basketball
then I'm sure there's some other sport
you love like baseball or hockey or
soccer or tinder regardless of where you
live I'm sure you know at least one of
these types of sports fans and before I
begin I promise this is gonna be
original ok I'm not gonna start with the
bandwagon fan that we've all heard about
a typical crap like that ok I'm not
starting with that fan that jumps on
board and heads with a bunch of people
to a similar destination number one the
carpool er I feel like a lot of people
get upset at this type of fan because
this person jumps on board and starts
supporting a team when that team starts
doing well and I get how that can kind
of be annoying because fans are fans for
so many years then you got this new
person you're like exqueeze me but
here's the thing right
our sports meant to bring people
together and does it really matter if
someone's been a fan since today or
since a year doesn't it just matter that
they're supporting their team and
showing pride and most importantly
aren't these people great because I'm
one of them now have you know anything
about me you know I'm a huge Raptors fan
what I know if you're not familiar with
the Raptors the Raptors are Canada's
official team for the annual Jurassic
Park games and if you believe that
sentence chances are you're voting for
Trump because you're so easily
manipulated just kidding no I'm not no
I'm not you should give yourself a
wedgie the rapper's a caddis basketball
team a and I'ma be real with you I try
my best to catch the regular season but
I travel a lot and have a super busy
schedule so I can't always do that but
when they make the playoffs I'm all over
that ish I'm attending games I'm
changing my schedule I'm dropping block
money on those games I'm at the Apple
Store on a stroll by a computer from
9:00 to 5:00 sending emails so I can
cancel my own Wi-Fi and save money for
these games I'm using two pencils as
chopsticks water gotta waste money on
utensils for these games I put a
magnifying glass in front of an iPhone
for to watch TV to save money for these
games so don't be hating on me because
I'm a carpool okay because I play in war
or these games okay and also I'd like to
be a part of something number two the
emo now we all know at least one person
that talks about sporting events as if
there are physically a part of the team
and they say things like yo we need to
win this game we need to get it together
can't believe we let that happen and I'm
just sitting over here less but that
mean we these athletes are out here
risking their bodies getting injuries
putting in work you sitting on the couch
eating hot cheetos and picking that
wedgie from the first part of the video
oh is the way you say new and Steph
Curry just boys now you're on the same
team y'all in this together now you
think that if your boys with Steph Curry
I wouldn't be encouraging you to have
boys night out our place more often you
think I want to be arranging a Secret
Santa with your friends and I you think
I would be making peanut butter and
jelly sandwiches for your friends right
now you think that if you were taking
selfies with Cristiano Ronaldo and he
was all up in your iMessage I will be
wearing my PJs when your boys come over
you think I want to be shaving these
legs and winging this liner and
investing some Febreze for this house
and hiring a gardener if your boy was
Preciado Ronaldo who asked you talking
we and when their team loses their
Intolerable because they're so emotional
and angry and they act irrational and
they lash out I wanted a to this dude
and every time his soccer team lost
rated the homeboy would hang up on me
run away from home
skip leg day and deactivate his Facebook
like calm the F down like I wouldn't be
surprised if he went and robbed a bank
and then in court he was like no you
know what I was upset emotionally
impacted because my team lost buzzer you
know you want to get off the hook okay
he doesn't have that kind of privilege
he ain't Brock Turner number three the
defense these are the fans that will go
to the edge of the earth to defend their
team even if their team is completely in
the wrong you know what I'm talking
about the fans that are watching a game
and they're just in a question every
call what foul unbelievable penalty
are you stupid wrap out of bounds why
you blind straight up a jigsaw from saw
was playing on this team go get it okay
he barely even cut his head off show the
replay there's just blood everywhere
come on he didn't even touch him
straight up the guys getting wheeled out
on a gurney look at him he's fine I did
the opposing team so much as sneezes on
the bench it's personal because where
the foul at where
that just so loyal straight-up Brianna
Harmon Tyler just like I swore an oath
til the day I die to support and serve
the Cleveland Cavaliers Brienne of Tarth
brand of TARP Brianna is is the castle
made of tarp Brianne you know who I'm
talking about Game of Thrones it's a
tall one the blonde egg you know what
I've out of here how do you remember all
the states in Canada you didn't see
anything wrong with that sentence you're
definitely voting for Trump
we know straight up let's just say this
sports fan has twins and both of their
names are standard then get up because
of the bus bandit and you know what I I
when I was writing this I don't know if
that joke was clear or not so I think I
have to explain it like in a flowchart
chip shepherd diagram mmm we'll see it's
a lot of editing I could just get better
at my job I also sounds like a lot of
work I'm hungry
speaking of which number four the eater
you know what I love about sports right
is that like you can eat and drink
beverages while watching them everybody
knows that whenever you're watching the
game in person or from home it is
customary to have a lot of food and
drinks if you go to someone's house and
they don't got no snacks you really need
to question to the type of people you
have in your life because if you go to
someone's house they don't have no
snacks you're getting fried okay if they
don't got no snacks
Roman Atwood is hiding behind the couch
if they don't got no snacks they don't
like if you go to watch the game at
someone's house and they don't have no
snacks you should feel bad okay because
even Katniss and Gale
shared some bread and do a prepper for
the mother at the Hunger Games you tell
me that Jack from work
couldn't get some chips and that for you
how hard is it to become deaf open your
fridge any two ingredients blend that
edge together like ourselves all deaf if
you go there is no deaf
you need to dip my friend I just want
the chips and up I'm so weird oh yeah
ah no but for real because some people
don't even care about the game as much
as they care about the snacks and the
drinks okay
some people be drinking beer and like
wait there's a game going on while I
drink my beer imagine a game with no
beer no beer makes Homer go something
something crazy don't mind if I do
just kidding I hate beer I think it's a
I don't believe anyone that tells me
they think beer doesn't taste like piss
okay beer tastes like such piss
I know people say it's an acquired taste
so is the new Instagram way out I hate
that too number five athletic genius
this person just turns into Captain
Obvious during a game yelling out things
that they believe are so easily
achievable and no one else is thinking
about they're yelling don't things like
just shoot it pass the ball just kick it
do you not think that's what they're
trying to do my friend what you're
yelling isn't easy there's many factors
that come into play just hit the ball
just get a touchdown
just tackle him like roll do you
remember that time you tripped while
standing get that out of here and do you
remember that time all these people are
professional athletes that are 10
million times better than you and you
yelling at them from the safety of your
home in peanuts a cricket trip straight
this person is acting like me in a
relationship a just demanding things
instantly because we believe they're so
easy just read my mind
just get me Pfizer just kiss my neck
just say the right thing just tell me
I'm right didn't I tell you yesterday to
grow beard yet here you are again
looking like Tommy from Rugrats honestly
be gone number six the auntie this is
the person who doesn't care about sports
they can't be bothered with sports they
don't like it they don't get it they
would rather do literally anything else
then watch the game I'm talking this
person would rather grab everybody's
laptop and cell phone and install the
news update and restart everyone's itch
instead of watch the game I'm talking
this person would rather watch Mufasa
die over and over and over again and get
emotionally scarred then watch the game
I'm talking this person would rather be
in fossa then watch the game this person
doesn't know anything
the game so they would voluntarily give
themselves rugburn then watch another
period of this basketball game watch
another basket in this football game
there is a relatable now I had to
include one for people that are like
sport there okay I'm so relatable click
thumbs up come on no but for real I hope
all you sports fans enjoyed this video
and for those of you that like curling
and think that's a sport I hope you also
enjoyed this video
yo if you like this video if you chuckle
a little better maybe you hated it but
you just want to do a good deed click
the thumbs up comment below letting me
know are you into sports which sports do
you follow let me know I want to know
because I want to get to know you
speed-dating so check out my last video
right over there it is yeah what is it
to piss baby what is it oh yes my
thoughts every single night I'm so good
at my job
my thoughts every single night my second
vlog channel is right over there also
tomorrow June 14th is my monthly
livestream ask Superman live it is
happening at 2 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time all the information is in the
description for an hour I'll be
answering your questions live giving
shoutouts act in a pool so check that
out as well also click subscribe because
I make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and I genuinely would love for
you to be here because we can spread
positivity together in the world and
actually and do and do stuff ok one
super moment that is a wrap and Zoop
energy drinks more energy drinks
