it's getting pretty late I should sleep
but wait am i hungry mmm I shouldn't eat
before I sleep though that's like bad
because of carbs or something like that
oh wait is that swimming okay I'll sleep
after this video
okay one more oh my god one more Lily
stop you're gonna regret this tomorrow
morning you have to wake up so early
okay you're right you're right honestly
you're so responsible crap I have to
wash my face wait maybe it's fine I mean
okay if my skin can't handle this then
really maybe I need to build its
tolerance wait do you really want to get
makeup all over your pillow who cares
I could always turn it over to the clean
side if people come over just shut up
and wash your face it'll take two
minutes two minutes this mascara is
waterproof okay I can watch Lion King
and a walk to remember back-to-back and
it wouldn't come off
fine get pimples Oh fine honest you're
so annoying there was that so hard
don't talk to me I'll pick up all these
clothes tomorrow no I think I like my
bed better than people wait is the door
locked
wait wait turn on your alarm also while
you're here you should probably scroll
through Instagram for a bit you know
just to be informed but not too long
okay Lily
go to sleep now you have to wake up at 8
a.m. it's fine
don't worry I had a talk with myself
today and I decided I'm gonna start
being a morning person yeah I'm sure
I'll totally remember this decision in
the morning 7 701 703 704 wait is it
a.m. maybe you should just watch one
episode before I sleep how are you just
gonna end the episode like that okay one
more okay that's it good night wait wait
is the next one already starting f oh
I'm hungry okay
go eat something small man that pasta
was real good okay now I'm really tired
wait am i hot or cold right now should I
change
I have to pee just hold it in until the
morning okay fine wait should I text all
those people back okay well if you're
using your phone again go back on
Instagram what are you gonna wear
tomorrow I have to pee
then go pee but what if I get up and I
can't get comfortable again can you just
go pee see now I lost my position there
it is no wait wait where my pillows
always like this you should work out
tomorrow morning wait what if there's a
monster right beside your bed and it was
waiting for you to close your eyes that
only happens in movies Lily what that's
what they want you to think what if
monsters created horror movies to create
a false reality monsters are not the
government or are they whoa
okay fine open your eyes and check you
see ya idiot wait what if it just hit
right now we go to sleep fine whatever
I'm exhausted anyways wait what am I
doing with my life
what if everyone's a girl super when I
hope you enjoyed that video if you did
please give a thumbs up because I just
finished a 10 hour shoot and shot this
video so if I like look a little bit
like it's because I am just is now a
word I think I swallowed a booger you
check out my last video right over there
it is me roasting myself you check out
my second blog Channel right over there
and you make sure you subscribe because
I make new videos every Monday and
Thursday I hope you had a great
stupendous wonderful inspiring day thank
you so much for including me your day
and you keep smiling
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
