he needs to take off her makeup and put
on some clothes the idea behind this
challenge is basically to look at
yourself as if you're another person and
then do exactly what the title says
roast yourself and just like any
challenge I'm gonna be doing some
call-outs to youtubers who I want to see
Rose themselves as well totally set up
on the following people jenna more
d-trix cutie pie
yummy they like it iisuperwomanii what
roasts myself I have no idea how anyone
can make fun of me like what could they
possibly say sorry Ryan no can do wait
if I do Ryan's challenge he might
finally go on a date with me okay you
can do this you can do this girl just
roast yourself come on here we go what
up everyone it's your girl superwoman in
the kitchen okay the roasted lillies
what I'm cooking on my lap Brown girl
who's pretty ratchet look and if it
wasn't for diversity I wouldn't get no
book and I'll play all of my characters
because I have no friends and I'm never
looking sexy so my videos never trained
and when they wipe my beard off there's
always still a strip and that ain't no
makeup I need to wax my upper lip I
shave in the morning by lunch in rose
bay jump custom
Oh
but we're saying yes cuz I'm so scared
of cars in how girls do this and that
then I'll make a boy version all these
dating topics are just a big size
version so you don't notice on my big
old version cuz I'm my face on
billboards and on taxi cabs when I'm
only getting views cuz you two runs my
complain like a child with them because
I'm getting every yo one for left and I
am so single cuz I'm always staring guys
and my boobs are always egging cuz I
don't know my bra size and I'm really
really awkward if I ever try to be girly
4ever alone even this beat left me early
Sh'ma yeah hope you enjoyed that video
huge shot on love goes on to Ryan for
tagging me and the challenge you created
the roaster self challenge it is so up
my alley and I believe in the message so
much because I really do believe one of
the most self-aware things you can do is
make fun of yourself and I think it's
perfect and I love the message so I
encourage you all to do it as well and
tag other YouTube creators to do the
roasts yourself challenge if you want to
check out my last video it is right over
there I don't remember what it's called
because I'm bad I'm bad at my job I'm
bad at my job my second vlog channel is
right over there - wanna check that out
and you make sure you subscribe because
I make new videos every Monday and
Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop also if y'all could convince Ryan
to actually go on a date with me that
would be dope
single cuz I'm always scaring guys that
my boobs are always second cuz I don't
know my boss dies and I'm really really
awkward if I ever try to be girly 4ever
alone even this beat left me early
