alright I'm doing this video with no
makeup because I want to preach about
inner beauty and loving yourself
regardless of if you have makeup for all
your blemishes and scars and however you
look and you should just be so in love
with who you are and how God you know I
honestly I was just really lazy that's
it I mean I believe all that stuff but
like I was just this ring I could make
Chuck you look good
oh my dear for my brows a little bit
because I don't have any other pimples
it was not what you say acne well you're
really supposed to do like one line
before you transfer video you're doing a
whole video right now who the F are you
to tell me how to start my video I'm you
I'm just standing on this side how can
you be me if I'm over here because
literally at that jump cut you just
walked over there so you should start
your video or else no one's gonna watch
them you how many people are making out
on YouTube getting usual and here's not
even starting your video
cha ok I'm starting the video I can't
tell you how many times I've used
penguins theorem in my everyday life
said no one ever
what ever wanted your girl superwoman
now if you're living a blessed life
which I hope you are that you probably
got the chance to go to school or maybe
you're still in school in which case
you're definitely not doing your
homework and you're watching my video
instead
in which case yo what's up but either
way you'll probably agree with me when I
say that the majority of things you
learn in school are under waste and
don't get me wrong ok I do believe that
school is beneficial in some ways not
always but some way so don't go telling
your parents that you're dropping out
cuz superwoman told you to do so your
parents already don't like me ok I wear
my hat backwards and therefore I'm a bad
influence that's right you know why she
get a pimple because you wear a hat
backwards ok don't listen to her when I
think back on what I actually learned
from school it's none of the stuff I was
supposed to remember I can tell you
since finishing school I have never in
my life had to calculate the degree of
an angle in a triangle to be honest I
don't even think I've seen a triangle
since I finished school I definitely
haven't seen that other effort shape was
the rhombus whatever the F in you
understand you think that's a wheel
shape I think that teachers just made it
up to keep kids busy
oh she's raw you see a rhombus I never
seen a rhombus is that beep wrong
business daddy
that finish Apes name did I just make
that wrong rhombus that sounds like I
feel like that's a thing also do you
know how many times I've calculated the
square root of
something yeah the same number of times
I've enjoyed a flight on Air Canada okay
zero to be honest I don't even remember
what that means square root is the thing
I don't I have no like my brain is
instantly envisioning an Instagram
picture of a root I don't even
understand what the functions on a
calculator mean all these ones that we
learned decides like the plus and minus
I can overexposed hello hello hello
hello
my god this is like taking a selfie with
a white person like this is not gonna
expose both of us properly what the hell
is this bun that says MC I got music on
leasing now it's like iTunes what the
hell is M plus it's just M plus well m
plus what you notice this looks like
Michael okay we try to be all cute and
romantic M plus and then realize you
were single real quick and just stop
halfway because he's forever alone M
plus then you got mr mr. oh now Michaels
married I see Michael's out mess let's
be real the only things we remember from
school in regards to a calculator is
five three one nine zero zero nine
movies this this is what I have to show
after all the money I spent on tuition
and all the other money I spent paying
for doctors knows to defer my exams this
and back in the day my teachers usually
ask me to solve for X you don't do all
of these steps and figure out what X is
x equals what that is shown apply to me
okay I know exactly what X is X is a
lying boy that ain't right for me and I
don't need no chart paper to figure that
out but there are some things that
school has randomly taught me that it
really helped me in my everyday life
such as how to format an argument you
know I'm talking about a kind of
structure and arguing with these to
teach you all those procedures and steps
when you're writing I use that ish all
the time when my ex-boyfriend will send
me a stupid text message or a big yo
hold up let me write a rough draft of
this right now bullet form right here in
my notes app you know what's up and all
you noobs might be thinking well why on
the Notes app and I'm gonna tell you
don't be an amateur why and then
everyone knows if you're writing a rough
draft of a text message you do it in the
notes app why because then if you do it
in the text field my actually press send
and you can't be going in on someone I'm
good yo and you know what else your net
sorry I accidentally press then but
anyways but you nasty dirty liar no that
doesn't work always in the notes at man
finish my rough chapter Kanan you know
what's up here anything I tell my
friends your proofread this issue's is
crazy enough
do I sound mad enough let me know more
emojis less emojis let me hear it what
you think I'm gonna send a text message
to a boy without running it through my
girlfriend girl no after that's all said
and done I send this boy a text okay
with that thesis statement three
supporting points and a conclusion and
it doesn't stop there no no okay point
to you a dirty liar insert footnote
footnote reads yeah I'm a friend to
Becky with the good hair said the
follow-up attacks with my references
like lemonade
Beyonce 2016 please refer to Appendix A
for a list of things I will need back
from you uh bye bye I know what y'all
think you lose making a lot of jokes
about her ex-boyfriend what happened oh
my god maybe she broke up with someone
and do you win say don't be ridiculous
who's that F word did all of this i neva
wearing any pants
hmm who would have thought that all
those annoying rough drafts you wrote
throughout school would help you drag
your boyfriend in 2016 didn't see that
coming
another thing I learned in school is how
to use my cell phone without anyone
knowing I'm using it now I don't know
about you young uns in today's day and
age you know your wild rules and freedom
but back in my day you weren't allowed
to use a cell phone in school and I mean
anywhere like not in class not in the
hallway not the cafeteria nothing so you
had to master the art of learning how to
use it while hiding it so then you know
me I'd be sitting up in chemistry class
looking through my backpack for my
textbook for like 20 minutes but Brian
ah okay I'm writing a long Instagram
caption with my hands in my backpack
okay we didn't have Instagram when I was
in school I'm too old
okay my hands were on my back I was
playing snake though got my hands in my
backpack town looking for something
where is that textbook let me check the
corners like how big is his backpack is
this backpack one dry time said no wears
and then you're like writing stupid
things like you're texting your friend
about farting but your face still has to
like maintain the roles he like yeah
textbook textbook you can't even see
what I'm doing because I'm on a frame
honestly I suck at this unsubscribe just
kidding please don't do that I like to
have food to eat also homeboys bought a
Swiffer mop and I feel like the refills
for that thing are so damn expensive so
like don't do that to me but real talk
all day every day you set my phone in my
desk staring straight ahead just texting
in my desk or what you think I need to
see the letters to text but I don't play
around okay you ever see me and my hand
is in my pocket you know
is not just there resting now I'm on
level 50 of candy crush don't get it
twisted the last important thing school
has taught me is that people who display
their weaknesses will be picked on and
you might think I'm gonna go on a spiel
about bullying right now but no no I'm
referring to all of those times when my
hand was not up and my teacher still
asked me for the answer you know the
drill you're sitting there teacher ask a
question you have no damn idea so what
do you do put your hands in your pocket
you avoid icons you're looking over here
okay you look through your bad pan yours
not pens let me see missing my desk
you're trying to be invisible you're
trying to shrink right now you look on
you in here
I know I'm a hologram that's right you
might have seen my uncle - Paco for my
coachella but I'm not here and then what
happens
Lily you answer and I'm just sitting
here like ex-squeeze me my hand was not
up there for I do not know the answer
should I know the answer I will raise my
head as I did three minutes ago when you
asked who is the Prime Minister of
Canada and my hand was up why because
Justin Trudeau is my BAE you did not
call on me when my hand was up because I
was sitting there like this my hand was
so up that I represented liberty okay
tourist look to this classroom to take
pictures in front of me my hand was up
so long people thought that all I do is
win win win no matter what my hand was
up so long it lost circulation my hand
is blue now I'm a smurf now I gotta
leave class early now to audition for
the next avatar movie now Misskelley
people are approaching me asking me for
three wishes now Misskelley the next
time I eat Chips Ahoy people are gonna
think I'm Cookie Monster now should I
ever have the opportunity to cut Marge
Simpson's hair you wouldn't even see my
hand and turn me into an optical
illusion now Misskelley so no I do not
know the answer and should it become
apparent to me I will indicate so by
lifting my dory looking limp arm high
into the air this has taught me to never
display your weaknesses okay when I'm on
the streets and I see a cop yeah I look
straight in that cops I'm shy boy look
at me I'm out here I'm confident I'm
right here I do nothing wrong so keep on
cruising and usually they drive right by
but those random times I get nervous for
no reason I'm looking look away at the
cop look away okay
act casual act casual you better believe
well ma'am I'm gonna need to give you a
speeding ticket what I'm not even a car
I'm just crossing the street I'm gonna
need to see your license and
registration doc
another thing school taught me Authority
being unfair yo hope you enjoyed this
video if you did please give it a thumbs
up come on it's just a simple click you
can do it it was really not a hard thing
to do you know what I mean comment below
letting load you agree with what I'm
saying or is this just me you know also
check in my last video right there is my
parents reacting to work from home by a
fifth harmony my second vlog channel is
right there and also make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
and holding that in for so long
