where in the world is superwoman today a
home in Toronto and I don't have all my
professional lighting have this one
whack light that looks really scary and
I look like a horror movie welcome to
insidious for what everyone it's a girl
superwoman and you know what I miss
about Toronto I miss having neighbors
like in this house right now I have
neighbors I saw them yesterday they're
like real people what a civilization
little human interaction what is on my
upper lip oh it's well it's a massage
because in LA I lived in apartment it's
right up it feels like castaway up in
that joint okay is that I don't have
that like balding bald up you know used
to talk to it what was it ten no no no
Joe Joe Jordan Gordon I know some white
name work we're falling you know hold on
Wilson right that's what I said anyways
neighbors types of them this sweater is
so hot I'm not wearing any pants right
now speaking of which hey neighbors
number one the vampires okay let me
break this down for you real simple okay
if you put in the same house for seven
years that I come over to my cave who
are your neighbors and you're like oh I
don't know you should call a priest if
you live here this long you don't know
who the f your neighbors are girl you
need to build a moat around your house
okay and feel that ish with holy water
cuz blue neighbors are vampires
that's the only logical explanation you
telling me your neighbor never takes out
the garbage you telling me your name or
doesn't need to go for a little stroll
around the block to digest their dinner
you telling me that when it's a
celebratory holiday and you're blasting
away fireworks your neighbors not
intrigued enough to at least peek out
the window not at that okay ain't no one
immune to fireworks
I could literally have spent my whole
life working at Disney man okay but
still if I see or hear fireworks I will
go to the window literally hold my day
open up that snapchat okay just stand by
that window sill and just be filling
myself you know how pretty that
pollution is what you're telling me that
your neighbor here's your fireworks and
then just carries on cutting carrots
brah now if you never see your neighbors
they're vampires that's just science
number two the bow-chicka-wow-wow when
your neighbors are so damn fine that
they frazzle you okay they confuse you
the simple comings and goings of your
life they're complicated you go take
your guard
hi neighbors like hey how you doing
you're just like what um today is
Thursday suddenly you have the IQ of a
potato and not the smart potatoes now
I'm going to be completely honest with
you I don't actually know anyone who's
in this situation that has a hot
neighbor I feel like that only happens
in movies I get this whole idea of
having a hot neighbor it's just like a
construct made by the media because I
don't think storylines like the movie
neighbors ever actually happens with a
comforter nity moves in next to lead by
Zac Efron because like what's the app
sign me up if y'all my real writer that
would you need to do right now okay it's
taking my address and you need to mail
it to the director of neighbors from you
and be like yo set location I'm just
saying because I was without moving
right okay if I had a little baby and
add back after I make a lot of noise I
gotta dig in I dig listen baby girl
listen okay I know these neighbors are
so destructive and loud that's bad for
you okay that's why mommy's gonna send
you away okay because mommy's hormonal
and Zac Efron he's come a long way since
High School Musical so Wow goodbye but
black priority right I'm just even real
number three the walking friend request
we've experienced those neighbors that
are just super friendly that it's almost
annoying it's one thing to be nice okay
but this is not overly nice it's like
this is Facebook Facebook is real life
and you're just sending me friend
requests in person I just keep hitting
decline but yet here you are again you
just walk outside to check your mail in
your neighbor's all like good morning
sunshine hey Martha good morning how's
it going good just checking my mail mail
oh we get some of that stuff too mmm
Congrats I checked my mail and I opened
that sucker right up mm-hmm
nope the other day I got this coupon in
the mail for 50% off pizza I am so happy
for you but you know Bill and I don't
have to think too many cards sorry to
hear I'll see you later
oh if you want we can get you the coupon
I'm okay I'm sure I got my own are you
sure because it's 50% off and I mean
although it did come to our mailbox
enough our name on it you know for a
neighbor we can live life on the edge
I'm sure by gee golly you don't like
people honestly my don't push me
about my pizza okay Martha okay peace
out Oh am i recently used emoji okay
Martha
you know why I watch Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles for the pizza you see this
shirt though what up t-shirt reference
this shirt though okay don't push me on
my pizza you know what I don't like
though I don't like you hassling me
every time I'm out here checking my mail
okay Martha I'm gonna try to check my
mail Marth okay this ain't no
speed-dating they say no interview okay
you got me scared checking my mail last
night I had a nightmare
you know those about me checking my mail
and you're standing there on your yellow
card again looking like an evil Tweety
Bird just staring at me like straight up
you got me scared of mail Martha okay
you got me so scared of mail I don't
want to talk to boys anymore and those
words I even spelled the same way okay
you turning me into a lesbian mark of it
will fight for my rights Martha I need
things okay so shut your Yap and buh-bye
hey Oh Martha
uh I actually didn't get the coupon so
yeah y'all take number four the campers
once I had neighbors that were legit
always outside and when I say always I
mean always throughout the day
well the night well the apocalypse just
straight up outside listening to music
okay drinking some beers maybe playing
some cards all they are they straight up
I'm talking it could be the purge okay
and they're gonna be standing outside
barbecuing not giving enough and I'm not
brah
do you even live here like is this whole
thing in allusion like I setup you know
I'm just your next car and you're just
like stand beside the car and you pose
you're like oh you're dope Karla is that
what you're doing but with this helping
do you own the keys to this home or are
you like renting out the drag where
something like I really need to know
that or you know as your house one of
those like TV house that's where like if
you walk through the front door you just
end up back in the garage because I
really need to know like where do you
who you go inside to do that or do you
also do the outside is that why your
grass is so green do mean my hell or if
you only see your neighbors while they
meet up with people outside their house
and they make these quick visits and
drive-by trips then you know what if
they ever have a big sale you should
probably not buy the families I mean
unless you bought that life I enjoyed
your let me just say what happens new
doctor me you know me number five the
bore bore bore bore roller buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh boo boo boo boo burger
burger this is my brain I'm sorry I'm
not even focus right now focus is all
about this girl girl stop thank you
I once had a neighbor that legit
borrowed everything from me okay it's
like they thought I was IKEA okay and
they were just taking it back
my return policy just like can I borrow
your line more and you know what if you
want to borrow my lawn more I have
nothing against okay you'll have to
Cigna I don't want to be living next to
your raggedy grass either cut that is
okay it's all good this is the Bible say
like respect with I neighbor here take
the lawnmower can you do with a but I'm
not really Christian but if you hear a
good quote you follow the quote that's
why I always dance like no one's looking
but there is week after week after week
you won't keep asking me to borrow my
lawnmower I would have to ask you you
think I'm Oprah you think I'm just
putting lawn mowers under people's seats
just like you'll get a lot more you get
a lot more invest in your own mower man
can I borrow a hammer can I borrow some
rope can I borrow a shovel first of all
who the F are you murdering okay second
of all why can't you use that ransom
money okay to drive yourself to home
people and invest in your own supplies
bruh also I don't own a shovel
okay you idiot I always borrow from
other neighbor you know hope you enjoyed
that video honestly it's so hot honestly
my pizza my piece of you well done right
okay if you like this video please give
it a thumbs up comment below letting you
know what type of neighbor you have when
I check out my last video it is right
over there it's called how girls try on
clothes my blog channel is right over
there check that out it's a separate
channel if none of those links are
working cuz you're watching on the phone
and the annotations don't work I'll put
the links in the description as well and
you'll mix your scratch so thank you
videos every Monday and Thursday and I'd
love for you to be here one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
somebody take my clothes off
