ladies please excuse me as I reveal all
of our secrets
what if everyone's a girl superwoman now
if you're anything like me you're very
familiar with natural disasters because
all you have to do is try to decide what
to wear and a tornado will rip through
your room girls trying on clothes it's a
catastrophe like legit animals can sense
the danger we all have to do is open my
closet and my neighbor's dog will try to
escape
whoo we do like I honestly don't know
how people in Wars haven't figured out
this secret weapon yet just like hey we
need to attack them from the east
let's send an army of 10 girls who have
no idea what they're gonna wear tonight
we do spoiler alert the White Walkers
actually get defeated because Arya and
Sansa Stark are north of the wall and
they have no idea what that after were
denied here's the thing though right
trying on clothes is not just a simple
test no no okay trying on clothes is an
art form and the best place to
experience this art form is in change
rooms in clothing stores all my ladies
can I get an amen on my fellas let me
educate you real quick see because when
girls go shopping you know they pick out
a few cute things to try on and when I
say a few cute things I mean way more
things that are allowed in the change
room girls you're walking up to change
rooms like Lindsay Lohan just like the
limit does not exist
and in the queue sales person will be
like oh how many items and you're just
like six okay teen what but once we get
into the change room this is how it goes
down we take off our clothes and we
neatly hang them on the hook why because
these are our clothes okay and we love
them dearly I invested tied up in this
shirt okay I ironed this shirt I put
respect on this shirt
but these clothes over yet did these
clothes right here these clothes from
the store you ain't invested in you yet
okay because straight up is the
Bachelorette and y'all are the
contestants okay I haven't figured out
if I'd like you and if I don't like you
and you don't fit I'm a top suicide on
to the floor and I know what you're
thinking don't know no that's not wrong
why because I care about my clothes more
but real talk when girls try on clothes
there are certain procedures that go
down first we got to see how our
stomachs look okay and if we're not
happy with it we're gonna suck in an
extreme amount and then check how our
stomachs look because let's be real if
the pant is cute we're willing to learn
how to survive without breathing fish do
it all the time
Oh what I can't do
now most better than me - because Nemo's
a fish and I'm not don't be racist and
then of course we check out our booty
okay but we don't just check out the
booty no we check out the aerodynamics
of the booty up in this pant okay
because yeah the booty might look nice
standing still but what if this booty
goes over speed bump
this is loq how does the pants support
the booty what if there's an earthquake
what if my flight has turbulence
what if someone mistakes me for an
etch-a-sketch and they want to erase the
image okay this is my bootys - look you
it's my booty looking right now my booty
look like the peach emoji and maybe you
don't know maybe you're not sure maybe
you need a second opinion so what do you
do you ask your boyfriend who's waiting
for you outside
kidding you ask the salesperson kidding
no you idiot you obviously pull out your
phone take a selfie and send it to your
friend who is clearly on standby keep up
keep up cuz you don't know you told your
friend earlier girl i'ma go shopping I
need you to be on standby holding your
phone in case I'm in the situation where
I need a booty status I need you to
provide with booty status let me know if
you need an iCal invite to remind you
and usually when you send the picture
you have to text some sort of disclaimer
like hey girl didn't shave my legs but
like check out this dress I ignore my
face and my hair is wack but like what
do you think of these pants
you need to get the cosign from your
friend okay because this is not just
about the past no this is a major life
decision book your duck tea pants can
bring down the whole vibe of the
squatter we don't want that because then
you know what's gonna happen we're gonna
stop inviting you places and then when
we see you work a bit oh no we didn't
let you get up the text mob go through
we didn't send you the text okay but
we're gonna lie about it and then that's
gonna be your identifier you're gonna be
known it's a group and patty is that
what you want when people come up to me
they're like yo how's patty numbers like
Oh which patty looking like oh you know
the one that was the ugly pants I mean
oh that one is that what you want don't
do that to yourself patty okay where to
Trigg at get yourself that cosign now in
addition to all these basic procedures
when a girl tries on clothes she's not
just seeing if a clothes fit no no okay
what she's doing she's imagining a
scenario in which she could wear these
clothes now this scenario depends on
three things number one the type of
outfit number two the event for which
the outfit is intended and number three
the imaginary song or musical that the
girl has playing in her head because we
need to envision this outfit and how it
will work in different situations so
what do we do duh we act it out and we
use our imagination see because you
might be sitting there thinking well is
not changing but no no okay this is not
a change of this is a portal to my
fashionable life that sounds crazy right
you might think I'm joking but I'm not
because here's the thing the thirst is
real for a bomb outfit for example date
night
we do shopping for a cute summer outfit
she ought to have been decreasing yeah
he poufy fancy not course yeah
shopping for a dance party Oh
shopping for a girls night out so you
know you know I keep drinking it
weirdest because like the light you see
the light is doing this so I'm like my
like I'm like trying to set design this
you know like this is what you're
talking about this is always will cook
what you we mean this is how I drink
Coke
Xavier Mia nailing it look at you
orchestrating all these dope looks
you're all set
alright how did everything up oh it
didn't work out
yes sorry that itch always looks better
on the mannequin done it
oh also what a bottle reference no I
hope you enjoyed that video don't you
think it's so dope how different songs
are appropriate for different moods and
have you feeling different types of ways
speaking of which cool news alert y'all
know I have an awesome relationship with
cocaine and we've been working on
something kind of really sort of awesome
in Canada you can find coke bottles that
have different situations on the label
just like I showed you in the video they
have like like a boss selfie time a
whole bunch of cool things but there's
one bottle that says feeling super wait
wait oh this one right here this is my
bottle any wondering why I'm gonna tell
you right now you see this bottle right
here that I have drank but that's not
that's not the point okay you can scan
it using an app called play a coke you
will be introduced to a playlist that I
created music that I curated oh there it
is right there play a coke whoop it says
you just unlocked feeling super let's
see what the first song is
all the boys to double-check looking
like you good access to an entire
playlist that I curated and songs that
make me feel super we got Selena Gomez
we got some Justin Bieber we got some
machel montano we got some Pig harmony
we got some Fetty WAP and you know we
got some Bob Marley how cool is that all
my team super Canada peeps I want you to
go and find the feeling super bottle
take a selfie with it and tag me in the
picture all the information about
playing coke is in the description I am
so excited to but we got our own cold
butter go find it just be like Barack I
think that you can check out my last
video right over there you can check out
my second vlog channel right over there
and make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and I'd love for you to be
there there's a link in me
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
