oh my god exams are the worst JK I'm 27
the only exam I take is trying to like
wing my liner what if everyone it's your
girl superwoman and so many of you have
tweeted me being like oh my god we're
currently studying for exams which is a
great indication that you're actually
not studying at all but don't worry I
get it okay exams suck and they don't
even suck well okay no exams are like
those vacuums that don't do one job they
were designed to do so like there's a
piece of land if you're just like
vacuuming over it and over it and over
inside just refusing to pick up a piece
island exams are like that sucky vacuum
you know what I'm sorry I'm sorry this
off you know you know what yesterday my
vacuum broke and now that piece of lint
is there and have no idea to get rid of
that single piece of lint anyways exams
they're annoying here's why first of all
while writing an exam the room is full
of distractions okay people sneezing
people coughing people sniffing is this
an example this is a doctor's
appointment whether they don't people
have doctor's appointments in
examination rooms who writes these jokes
newer should have made a challenge video
for me personally though the most
distracting thing during exam is those
people who twirl their pens okay and
let's talk about the base stick twirling
I'm talking about twirling 3.0 see this
this I'm not talking about this okay
this is easy anyone can do this also I
just want to show you that I could do
this and show off how look at me
anyway I guess that's the good news I'm
talking about people that can do the
backflip 350 mega behind the thumb
parole with your pen like how are you
doing that I'm over here trying to write
my exam fee but I can't know what
because I'm mesmerized by the
aerodynamics of your pen how is anyone
focusing and do not the Harry Potter is
basically sitting up in this business
class I'm sort of sit over here and get
an a on this test and you got struck
this layout up on your finger I am
distracted and now once I get over the
pen Olympics okay I look down on my test
and I am introduced to a new annoyance
and its name is multiple choice I know
just thinking you like multiple-choice
it they're basically giving you the
answer ease you know see multiple
choices like flappy bird okay it seems
easy but really it will be the death of
yo four options to easy let me just do
this math real quick one train traveling
at 12 kilometers an hour another train
traveling at 70 kilometers per hour okay
you just do some multiplication and we
divided me add and subtract to either
get the answer 16 I'm like oh my god I'm
like a math whiz I look down at the
possible answers and I see 28 Holland
purple Kiwi what the f is this and then
when my answer doesn't match any of the
other answers I do that thing were like
I convinced myself of it I'm like okay
you know what yeah just you know what 16
is like pretty close to Kiwi so I'm
pretty sure it's Kiwi yeah you know what
actually Kiwi sounds right yeah it's
totally cute you know you want I
probably thought you liked Kerry Irwin
or something Kiwi and don't even get me
started on these questions I mean I
don't know maybe things have changed but
I can't imagine answering questions like
that in today's day and age like okay
you better train traveling 12 kilometres
an hour and then you got another train
traveling 70 kilometers an hour at what
point they both reach X my answer uber
it so as I'm trying to figure out this
train schedule all up on this task okay
what do I see out of the corner of my
eye a little mere flicker with YC his
mother and Tim getting up to hand in his
examine I'm like what the f we just
started this test there are vines longer
there took you to write this test Tim
and you know what happens I start
panicking I'm looking around I come on
what if I'm in some sort of time warp
okay and it's been like two hours but I
feel like it's been five minutes
Tim you better sit yourself down boy
until I'm done Tim I swear you added
some musical chairs you better run to
the nearest chair and take several seats
in fact I need you to sit down get back
up and then sit down again I don't play
no games Tim okay I just finished
writing the day don't do this to me Tim
your team wasn't it
so I continued writing this examination
and then I reached the beloved true and
false section here's the thing nothing
makes a person more psychological and
deep than true and falls on a test
question 1 photosynthesis is the process
of turning sunlight into sugar yeah okay
true question 2 sugar is converted into
ATP yeah okay true question 3 plants
intake carbon dioxide and release oxygen
yeah I think that's true wait 3 trees in
a row that's a bit strange isn't it
maybe one is false
or maybe that's what she wants me to
think oh yeah yeah I'm on to your games
ok let's make them all truly I don't
throw them off no one would expect
everything to be true mm-hmm let me
double check photosynthesis
is the process of turning sunlight into
sugar sugar is that right wait what I've
never seen sugar on a plan no I'm pretty
sure that plants grow flowers we're
gonna sunlight into flowers we were to
just say it all out photosynthesis is
the process of turning sunlight into
sugar and what that sounds true wait
wait
does it sound true because it's my voice
and I'm don't trust worthy okay say to
someone else fell of synthesis is the
process of turning sunlight into sugar
sugar see nope that's fall seeing I knew
it was flowers and then I have to remind
myself like Lily you suck at science
you're so much better at math just shut
up Ann answers question you have like a
40% chance of being right then I'm
writing this test right but here's the
thing I spend half of my time writing
the test and the other half trying to
deal with the extreme betrayal that my
teacher has committed because none of
this inch with what you said was gonna
be on the test and I've said that they
could let one deaf cat go when did we
learn this material cuz let me just
rewind to earlier last weekend just
flash back to strip that's all regular
wear miss Kelly said and I quote girls
and boys you don't want to focus on
trigonometry for next week's test okay
there's gonna be a lot of trigonometry
so what did I do miss Kelly I was all
upon that trigonometry I was up all
night with my BAE hypotenuse you already
know don't sine cosine tangent that's
the motto baby yellow so then this
morning I walk into this establishment
all confident you give me a test
I'm already question one of my like
let's do this right dudes right now
question one is 2 p.m. I where's Tom
who the F is Tom miss Kelly and more
importantly where is his triangle where
the trigger you said there be trig I
don't see no trick because straight-up
trig is acting like Beyonce in that
elevator ok trig is absent trig must be
on airplane mode trig must be Azealia
Banks Twitter okay because I don't see
trig trig must have sang the song Paper
Planes okay because trig is mi a trick
must be at Hogwarts because trig is
wearing an invisibility cloak trig must
be Miami in game seven okay because trig
is gone trig is the reason Justin Bieber
asked where are you now what up if trig
was my father okay
I would have grown up with a lack of
male role model and then I would have a
tendency to get into all these unhealthy
relationships with all these waste suits
so miss Kelly where to trigger where to
trigger
lastly exams are annoying
because they are a reflection of my poor
time management skills I spent two hours
on true and false multiple choice
there's 10 minutes left in the test I
turned to the last page to ask a
questions hello
now I'm writing this test is Lily
featuring heart palpitations I might
just have to pull a shot of my booty
right now question explain the history
of Rome I your Rome is a place it's all
there's also a font named after Rome
okay that's right Rome rhymes with cone
ice cream goes and calms Rome may or may
not contain ice cream during the summer
also in addition to all of this the
mitochondria is the powerhouse of the
cell references include 300 gladiator
and Roman reigns can we be real for a
second okay it doesn't matter which
subjects you took in school everyone
that went to school learn three things
and three things only number one the
mitochondria is the powerhouse of the
cell you know exactly what I'm talking
about that little potato with the little
barbed wire inside number two I before E
except after C number three that whole
rule about I before E except after C is
a lie height beige foreign neighbour
protein why I'm lying what you think we
just make some inch rhyme and sideways
legit how many times I've been
embarrassed by this damn rule and lost
all my street cred your Lily I hate
science well my good friend its I before
E except after C I cool thanks oh no
actually it's Scie and T so
honestly don't make me play lemonade on
your English rules no I hope you enjoyed
this video and if you did you know what
to do and if you don't know what to do
let me tell you you're the big thumbs up
comment below letting me know are you
dealing with exams or you're not doing
exams or your old geezer like me or like
exams what are exams I used to walk to
school no shoes and let alone do better
my last video right over there is called
types of commercials my second blog
channel is right there so make sure you
subscribe to that and you subscribe to
this channel because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday to all of you
are studying for exams y'all work hard
hustle hard make a count I believe in
you best of luck also if you haven't
heard I kind of released my own lipstick
just I'm just gonna just slide that in
there slide it all information for that
is in the description other than that
have a beautiful day and until next time
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
winter trigger
