maybe this is working right now maybe
just working every idea I might he's
working we never took again all over
again I'm gonna tweet this all over
again hold on stress live-streaming
is rocket science hold on maybe it's
working I think it's working I think
it's working
oh yeah yes good is working oh my god
let me tell everybody what's new like
hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up
hold up
sorry for the technical difficulties ask
superwoman what is happening now
at this new place boom okay yeah yeah
it's working amazing welcome to ask sue
Rubin live thank you so much for your
patience as I struggle and don't know
how to livestream even though I've got
it literally a hundred thousand times a
bazillion times literally we were
probably like four years I basically I'm
using a new program and trying to like
pretty girls with cool stuff and so
that's why and stuff but hey spread the
word that improve lives at this new link
cuz it was fun way at the old thing and
our family is divided and now we have to
collect them all again um yeah cool
amazing I'm fried over now I'm better
than that but we're gonna ask people in
lab is your first ever ask them who
might be like what the bum clad is
happening on 14th of every month I try
and do a live stream where I can just
spend some casual quality time with you
because I'm my life is super busy and
I'm sure your life is super busy and
sometimes you know you only get to see
me through videos and sometimes only get
to see you through comments and I would
just like to spend some time with you
and I'm not wearing any makeup cuz I'm
like these my family nail all purple
we're all friend right it's my family I
don't care
Vesuvio naturelle you myself have a good
time with all of you so I'm going to be
answering your questions I'll be giving
you shoutouts I got so many
announcements and things to tell you as
well
first and foremost we do this cool thing
rubbers like you do live streaming why
you do this
was not worth it to the program kind of
cool right right right right
glad even more fun like I changed all
audios for all these things to see I get
it I get it I get it I get it all that
lot yeah I get it I get it I kill him
again kill him again kill the game um
all right let's start off with a few
things today is a very exciting day
because the other day I tweeted and I
was like why do I not have tickets for
Beyonce's concert today I tweeted and I
was like god I don't ask for much this
is really what's up if I remember you
created me 27 years ago I don't have so
much okay so I would really appreciate
it if I wake up tomorrow and I have
young certificates cuz I do understand
how Beyonce's here and I'm gonna take it
because I'm just in here like why you do
this why you do it
the movie I got beyonc√© tickets
I meant access and staring my love got
me tickets to Beyonce's I'm heading to
the Beyonce concert a physical ice-cream
you can follow my adventures on snapchat
there's only a lot of fun so I'm pretty
really excited about that
and that's what's going on um aside to
know how are you doing tweet me if you
want to join the conversation use the
hashtag ask supermel live so my voice is
kind of disappearing I was yelling at
the TV a lot yesterday as the Raptors
are playing but Tweety using the hashtag
ask superwoman live and I will pick
someone at the end of the livestream
that is use the hashtag and give them
you know some love give them some love
be like give you some kisses and Huggies
and just you know do like this who your
face okay started I'm thinking um and
yeah just be casual times you can trim
your questions I will answer them and
that do today
thing and then I got some other
announcements to kind of tell you right
to that you probably already cat and
know about but until you either cup
script everything's going wrong have my
popcorn I have my water inspired
everything is fine everything is fine
okay first question
mmm okay Sid asks where's Yusef slap
NAB's though that's a great question
Yousef is yet to give me a lap dance
y'all should tweet and be like what the
hell if I just didn't give me really lap
dances a never date I knew a man that
doesn't follow his word you don't clean
up my encouraging um max lon Amelia
asked how many temps to take before you
succeeded in throwing the case so I
don't know what to talk about she's
talking about my last video
yes I'm shooting the melk open cuz we're
family and is not rude it's love I do
commercial where I'm throwing a phone
case I mean to the garbage can it took
like seven tries probably was really
hard to do cuz I was throwing it this
way I wasn't able to select I had like
this who's like a little bit difficult
buddy I just like seven tries it was
difficult to do not even like it's just
me just eating we're pretty much what
says I'm at 8,000 beer oh my gosh do a
better job
I'm so sorry okay are you making more
makeup well let's talk about that real
quick that's a good segue to one of my
announcements and we don't know now you
know I two days ago launched our very
first lipstick that's right with
Smashbox and look what I have right here
zoom always on liquid lipstick I even
wanted signature red that for so long
and if you follow my socials you know
that I with Smashbox cosmetics release
my first ever shade of lipstick it is
the same red I usually wear it's called
Baus i custom designed this packaging so
it has unicorn is the packaging up close
bold smile there it is there it is boom
boom boom boom I am very happy about it
because I truly like it and i truly
where all the times when you open it you
get another cool box inside and if you
open it open i'ma show you the unboxing
of boughs there is right there read it
read it right there says Bob's and this
is it this is the lipstick it is the
exact same one I wear comes in a cool
little brush and I adore it and if you
want to get it you can go to Smashbox
comp or Sephora calm it's available
online but it'll also be available in
stores too because I am going to lunch
in other places as well and you'll be
able to get it in stores so if you are
like like makeup and you like lipstick
and you like to write out where you
might be wondering Lily why do talking
about lipstick you might even wear no
lipstick you're probably like well you
do this well you do this and I might be
like all right well let me show you a
little bit of me wearing the lipstick
and yes so if you haven't seen it on my
show to you right now and hopefully if
everything likes me this is gonna work I
check out the official commercial for
lipstick and then I'm gonna shut up
because there's gonna be a fun time I
want to show you because like you I look
kind of Oh kinda alright in this
commercial break
no I'm are like y'all I might look like
this right now music damn commercial
rain check check is up next much and
BAPS
okay that's the I didn't press the right
button and BAPS I'm bold
I make a statement I'm powerful
I don't just survive I concur if I fall
I get back up I am confident I make
heads turn and I do it for me
always bold always boss if you look like
the same dress rather like the same with
or without makeup pretty much I can't
even tell the differentially but now
Sabah's I'm so excited about it and if
you still don't believe me don't believe
how cool would be let me show you a
little bit of I think I have a picture
somewhere with and like oh wait long fun
again oh there it is that's been wearing
the lipstick that is me wearing the
lipstick as well that's what's up if you
like it go grab yourself some and if you
don't then don't grab some cuz that
would be a waste of your time and money
so don't do that um when I can ask the
from line that's really exciting with
soap honestly I have the best family
ever team super so dope and I'm really
happy you understand and know that when
I actually release a product or have
merch and I really believe in it I don't
just sell a reason for no crap like I
don't sell things for no reason like I
don't care I don't need to make more
money like I don't I don't care I only
would like to sell things I actually
believe in and only do partnerships with
things I actually like genuinely every
time I was sick all my friends like dude
your lipstick looks friggin perfect
which lipstick is it and that's why I
decided to partner with them it wasn't
just acne vehicle aggression just saw
something immediately I don't care I'll
only tell you about things I believe in
so just know that and that's what's up
so boss Beyonce - was going on exciting
exciting as well how many of you like
mine Jeep and bottom G vineyards on you
I don't see much Ethan but if you thing
of Lilly why you do this and I'm gonna
tell you right now I'm indeed and bottom
geez
we had a family meeting and we all sat
together and they told me they want to
be more active on social media my
when teachers are like when she dabs all
that you're really able to do better see
smoke tumble want to tumble and ribbity
know do good things so I started them up
you know they got Twitter they got
Instagram but I talked them I give them
a whole tutorial yesterday and they're
going to use that stuff more often so
when teeth and finally I was going to
have awesome socials and it all starts
tomorrow because when she's been part of
youth there's such a divas they have a
photo shoot tomorrow and they want a
periscope live from it so if you want to
watch my youth and bottom view periscope
live tomorrow
follow their socials at I I'm Angie III
at Iife item gpii on Twitter and
Instagram you can follow their ventures
that is going on if you want to see more
my cheese and butter you'll see it now
and you can follow them on periscope
tomorrow the naturals going on other
than that I also want to say thank you
so much for your patience because I know
for the past that we can have two weeks
I've been like some of my team's
traveling and there's so much stuff
going on the lot the lipstick and all
that stuff and my blogs have been kind
of late and even asked to come live I
didn't give you 24 hours notice I told
you the day of and so I really do
apologize for being last-minute
recently I was up and trying my best in
terms of so many things that you're so
patient a wonderful but I want you to
know it's not because I don't care I'm
just trying to do a lot of things at
once and I always do them but just my
blogs don't be like a little bit later
and I'm working on it I'm working on it
it's been great and it'll be awesome and
you're doing together so that's all
great and the last thing I'm gonna talk
about before I'm gonna give you guys
some shout outs as well I'm gonna tell
you how to win the first shout out in
like two minutes but before we talk
about that on top was something
important Teen Choice Awards how about
Teen Choice Awards now if you have been
part of team Cooper for a while you know
that last year we were nominated for
choice your youtuber and comedy female
Webster I believe here's the thing I
must say this and you can do with it
what you will but these are my thoughts
right would it be great to win a Teen
Choice Award of course that's so cool
you got like a surfboard you look great
in my apartments amazing it's so cool so
yeah I meant that would be cool do I
agree with the voting process I'm a
little bit not because I believe it's
fair or unfair that's not it I just feel
some type of
way about promoting my stuff against my
friends like everyone else's been owning
these my friends so it feels kind of
weird big hey boo boo people for me when
I'm like people are nominating like
Colleen and like you know like all my
other friends which is we Grace and
she's weird to be like let me below to
like beat them it feels strange to me I
so yeah I've been like retweeting a
little bit of me like hey if you want to
vote do this but like it's I don't know
if you want to but I have no problems
like great you want to do that that's
awesome like I said it'd be cool to win
but don't ever feel like I'm gonna feel
some type of way if we don't win because
we do so many awesome things together
that are not going to be validated by an
award um so you know I'm not gonna do
that whole I'm gonna call a musical
person that tweets it so I'm going to
keep you guys secures no because I
honestly that means move out of my heart
like it's so great that you would love
to do that but I would love to see you
spend your time doing other great
amazing things I mean some of you to be
like a hundred times a day and I
appreciate that dedication that is so
sweet but use that time and like write
something you know paint something save
the world
volunteered so that I'm not mad at all
if we don't win and if we do great so
that's that's my thoughts on that and
that's what I'm gonna say in regards
that you could take that information do
what you want to do it either way I'm
more than happy to have you here and
have your support so that's what I'm
saying
now those children up you shut up cutie
pie be like you media chat watches
livestreams i watch like and wall up in
your like camera and I need like why you
doing why why why not working ah I can
mess you up a little bit better than
that
holiday there you get the first shot
what you can do is i'ma go on my
facebook facebook.com slash I are
superwoman I I and I'm going to post the
last video which is types of commercials
which by the way apparently you've loved
it all one point six million views in
one day and I don't know the last time I
need my videos of that well so that was
super super cool I'm gonna post that
video hey why can't my rappers picture
post twice on Facebook no Facebook some
crazy stuff sometimes I'm gonna post the
video and I'm going to say yeah yang
yang yin yang I'm gonna say click Share
to win to get witness Canova click sure
to get a live shout out comment below
when you're done video types of
commercials of c-suite new video types
of commercial the awesome could sure get
a live shout out call them below another
good in spare I'm gonna estimate five
minutes you go there you can share it
I'll pick some shares and comment below
saying done I'll pick your name I'll
write your name I'll make out with your
name I'll make up with your name so hard
as your name will be impregnated because
that's how pregnancy works and then
you're gonna be like why you do this and
meantime I will answer your questions on
Twitter thank you so much all 15 oh my
god is a 15,000 people here
I got upper lip sweat nation there's
15,000 you watch me right now oh my god
is amazing 15,000 people if you don't
for taking time out of your day to spend
it with me this gonna give me I'm so
much time and I just kept calm all right
well questions we go
anyone ever don't ok don't ok what's
your favorite song from Drake's new
album ask Jenaya hmm my favorite song I
want more games but I'm not gonna count
like as I was only uses a single I log
too good with Rihanna - good Rihanna and
controller like this just have a moment
I think I like you I think I died for
you
controller controller like controller
controller mmm can't wait shot me drink
one day or sculpture and be like yo you
and I you should make babies straight up
I guess judges what you straight up
white boy which makes baby cool don't be
da cool it would be my nose all itchy
initial get those next question mmm
liz asks have you ever been to Rochester
New York yes I had been to Rochester New
York when I used to compete in dance I
was I went diving for competition yeah
I'm pretty sure I think so
I believe so okay let me check out
Facebook I'm gonna that simmer for 3
more minutes 3 more minutes
aye aye next kiss John yes
it's John or if you want me to tell
these stories and stuff as well I love
telling stories so if you want me tell
me shortage of your street me with you
let me tell you I can tell you some
stories what is your favorite Lindsay
Stuart by the way and I think I'm
comfortable enough to admit that I might
thinking faces really ugly when I think
of my so just ignore everything my
thinking face that's just how it is um
watch your favorite Lindsey Stirling
song oh my god I really love crystalized
my favorite music video however is round
table Riley because she is Queen and if
you have not seen that music video and
to go there you should go there and you
get your life change because that is vo
is dope Lindsey my baby so dope I love
it um how long have you known Suzy ask
Lucy um I have not went to last time oh
my god when the first time I met Susie
alright oh I don't meta playlist which
happens in Florida and I believe was
like two years ago um I remember a
friend will go first pressure diver took
me to Chipotle you took me I was like
what's the big deal
and you took me it was great little
awesome
hmm okay new dad for us ask Elizabeth
sure cool what's your favorite cereal at
the moment ask Sara my favorite right to
fear materials of a lifetime one is
lucky charms one is Froot Loops yes I am
forever going to be a 12 year old I
don't care love your charms are for
hoobs or my favorite cereals and I adore
them and I love them and just have if
someone gave me a bowl in the student I
would be so excited to eat a bowl of
that cereal because it's so Moger whole
God okay I'm gonna get a one more minute
on Facebook so you've not like yet click
chair go onto chair and you could
possibly win a shout-out if you care
about that if you don't care about that
you definitely don't waste your time
doing that um and that's what's going on
I'm a more question d'Arnaud hashtag
extra for my life and that have happened
there I'm so weird Kendall asked would
you ever consider getting a pet if so
what would be I want a dog so badly so
badly I just travel a bit much and I
wouldn't know who to take care of it and
all that stuff so that's the only issue
so when I figure that out I'm definitely
gonna get a dog I can only add up this
year to be honest I don't know Deborah
Kerr it up mmm popcorn stuck right here
all right I've answer one more question
and pop on the PS book the answer yet to
check out who in the shoutout
everyone 19 asks have you ever
experienced supernatural stop story time
yes I believe I have just the other day
a time this is not supernatural metallic
straightaway three days ago I mentioned
my dog I was sleeping I had such a vivid
dream and when I woke up in my dream I
was like a hot a nightmare was
horrifying I woke up like this
like freaked out now just dreams why you
do this and it was a horror story and
instead of going back to bed I woke up
and spent 30 minutes writing my dream
because I thought it would make a really
good horror movie so one day if I ever
write a horror movie know that it is
actually a dream that I had me was so
scary and dipp'd it unlike any of those
you have ever had so that happened also
I do believe that there was one time in
my life
judge me I don't care I believe that my
mother and I were possessed once in our
life I don't think I've told the story
before but we wouldn't happened when it
was it was Thanksgiving and one of my
friends we discovered like it was so
strange one of my friends I've been
friends for so long in school his mom
used to work with my mom and we didn't
know this like we were friends we didn't
know this so we would show we were
children one day we all did this event
together and then all of our parents
were there and then she was like what
the hell and I said what are you doing
here to my mom and she's like I'm his
mom and she's like I'm so I'm so small
so we discovered that our parents
actually worked together for years and
years when I first moved to Canada that
was kind of cool
so then a couple years after that for
Thanksgiving I like you wonder be really
cool like we've had Thanksgiving
together so our parents could connect
again and I'll be really cool so we did
that we drove to his area his areas also
really known as like there's a lot of
horror stories around it that's like in
a place near where I grew up is a lot of
like scary stories surrounding that area
but he lives there so just like not a
lot of lights in that area there's kinda
like scary Road so we drive there we had
this dinner and then we go home I'm Lea
mom went home separately cuz I stayed to
show them some more and she went home
and since that day that for the next 24
hours I believe we
that something happened there either
like they were meant to connect again
and we forced fate to change or
something that when I left his house the
first thing I noticed I'm driving home
it's late and it's a night or whatever
right I'm at a stop sign I wasn't sleepy
I obviously didn't drink because then I
would be driving so I'm at a stop sign
no one is there I live in both ways so
I'm starting to drive and second I start
driving a car like it was right there it
was like on cam you know it's like what
the hell would this car come from the
car was not there when I checked so I
was like okay that was weird then I was
like shook it off and I like it maybe
usually didn't pay attention then the
next 24 hours and I swear that true
story next 24 hours I just felt so weird
I could not explain I felt sad for an
old reason and it was the most like the
best way I could describe it was that I
felt like I was not in my body I felt
like I was watching my body it's like
it's horrified I felt like I was
watching Lily go through the motions of
the day without feeling anything she was
feeling her understanding what she was
doing I was like a bystander watching
her like in the corner of the room and I
didn't I didn't say anything else okay
maybe just trip it out or something I
felt like that until the next night my
mom comes up to me and she for you whore
I don't even think she comes up to me
she starts hugging me and she's just
crying and look why I'm going I know she
said to me she said I don't know I feel
like something's wrong ever since you
went to your friend's house and then we
cried for a little bit and then the next
day everything was fine everything went
back to normal I don't know what the
hell happened it was the strangest thing
your mom whole something happened and
that's a story and to this day I don't
know what it was and so yeah I'm gonna
give someone a shout-out now I'm going
on Facebook and I'm pressing profession
in five four three two one blast off
refreshing this page is loving let's
check it out 1496 shares your read all
right let's give someone a shout
I understand you on tobacco I have for
you okay there's so many pretty shares I
don't know who to pick okay I'm gonna
make this person right now I'm gonna
pick this person right now hold on let
me get my piece here nip it yet okay hey
I'm writing a name could be your name
mmm
am i writing your name I could be right
now unless you didn't click share and
you're just like shut up I don't care
about this in which case you know why
I'm almost done so just hold on um boom
boom boom
I like this marker Thanks
I still thanks for um thanks for being
her
I'm the sign god dammit stop corner mark
on my desk
oh oh no is it gonna be permanent on my
death
well I okay well person was getting this
shot of know that your novel per minute
more on my desk to the marker got on my
desk and it's not coming off and that
that's just that it's here forever now
that's the thing okay great well the
first don't want this shadow hook your
name is Javier Singh Brar thank you so
much for being here I appreciate your
level sports so much I'm opposed to this
beauty and picture a potential desire if
you missed it don't worry hackers lapsim
is done it'll be on my channel you can
pause rewind and all that stuff know if
you're there for every my beer thank you
so much um but that's what's going on
I'm gonna wait two more shout out so
don't even worry about a white chip if
you didn't get a web trip and how your
shoelaces brought because it's about to
be dope right now okay so if you just
join the two Dodos going on welcome to
ask super live the show live on the 14th
of every single month with popcorn and
with the drink and what I've been
talking about it that I'm going to be on
this concert no big deal I'm saying no
big deal that's a big deal that's not it
get on you're not it that's it um also
if you haven't heard I released my own
shade of lipstick official team super
yesh opera sips tickets called boughs
you can get on Smashbox calm or Sephora
calm I know it is sold out one of those
sites but it should be restocked very
soon will be available in stores soon as
well in a little bit not right now but
in a little bit so you can go check that
out as well if you're like I don't know
what the lipstick looks like I don't
know if it looks nice I don't know
anything or not BAM that's the lipstick
right there that's me wearing it BAM
he's like no difference in those two
pictures no difference whatsoever uh I
was going on other than that make sure
you follow my parent characters at hi
I'm Angie I I act but um g-iii but um do
I I so let me just write that over you
actually as well because they will be
periscoping live from their shoot
tomorrow um and if you're interested in
that you can go check it out I'm writing
it for you on these pp
a harem G went went okay so it is at I
I'm Majeed III act i but up geez III go
follow on Twitter and on Instagram they
will be using till Sharia a whole lot
more and you'll be prayer scoping
laughing the shoot tomorrow I don't
think I'm gonna be there unfortunately
because I'm busy but they'll be there so
you might be like nilly you're not
stupid and I'm gonna be like I'm gonna
tell you when the next shut up right now
how do you swim in it is this is not
gonna be different usually on my go if
you tweet the hashtag ask superwoman
life I'm good and like I'm gonna like
give you a shout out stuff today I'm not
gonna say that today I'm going to use
the power to super to create some good
in this world so if you want to ask me a
question sure you use the hashtag
askaprilandvern to do is this is
versatile tweet a group of people that
you think needs a positivity
this can be anyone from women people who
are going through some sort of cause or
issue it could be a friend that might
need some motivation it can be YouTube
creators it could be mothers of the
world fathers of the world sisters of
the world girlfriends boyfriends of the
world any group of people that you think
need some loving tweet them something I
send a positive basically wants to send
a positive vibe into the atmosphere for
example I was to do this I would say
dear mothers of the world and I would
really think about it to make sure I
actually mean it so there dear mothers
of the world I know your jobs are so
incredibly hard and it's when I say
you're the only people that can give
them a diploma to do sending some
positivity to Google people tag me in
that somehow actually dream tag
that you get back to that makes it about
me and I don't want that you use the
hashtag on um team super love then it's
about all of us team super love tweet
something positive into the world I'll
pick someone else gives my shut up
you're doing their part in making the
world a better place do that I'll let
that simmer for a little bit and then
I'll come back to it and in the meantime
op reduce if you don't want to do that
those you've water do both things I will
continue answering some your questions
and well know what was your first
thought when you woke up this morning as
team super Georgia hmm my first time I
woke up this morning was what time we're
going to ask the groom I was my first
thought the reason was the last minute
because I was waiting on some
information I was waiting to see if I
would get the peons tickets actually in
my hand and what time the doors are open
that's what I was waiting for to know so
I apologize once again the Rose so last
minute I apologize I'm sorry okay
thanks Christian mmm when we'll find you
the budget do the lock then ask so you
up tomorrow morning PST so I believe
there shoot starts at 10:00 a.m. at
11:00 a Hamish 10:30 a.m. and maybe even
9:30 I know 9:00 9:30 10:00 at early
area est la time so that's when they're
in tears hoping I'd be like I said I'm
not gonna be there I'm not hundreds
unsure but that's what they told me
yeah Damini asked is it normal for
American people to not say bye on the
phone or is it just on TV first of all
I'm not American I'm Canadian
I want to be plugged in or something
like ah Canada's in America no you're
wrong Canada is not America the
continent is called North America if you
don't say the north part it's not the
continent America is the country North
America is content you have to see the
north part
Canada is in North America but is not in
America we'll make that prayer right now
okay
um I say my own home I don't know anyone
that doesn't say by the phone is mine
inversing Bionicle why would you say my
room did not insult there's not a thing
I don't know I've no idea
what huh my nose get sil-eighty
I don't know why okay I would love to
know i'ma ask ASAP sighs like why does
my nose get itchy what I didn't ask you
for life
why does that happen is it something
with the webcam sending out radiations
to my nose and I just like I have no
idea the strangest thing
okay okay no I'm sorry takes me a while
to find some questions because there's
so many tweets and sometimes it's hard
to read them so quickly don't forget to
use the hashtag team super love what if
you're tagging me don't tag me it's not
about moon go
good questions questions questions
questions what your favorite Taylor
Swift song oh my god they were telling
the song I have so many but I really
like I love the visuals for out of the
woods also I believe on my favorite
music videos banks today so out of the
woods is so good my favorite song though
might be shake it off just has a good
vibe to it and I like wildest dreams I
love wildest dreams because I love the
melody wildest dreams so I know I just
had a lot of songs right now and none of
them are really an answer but that's my
answer
can you rap the Fresh Prince theme song
asks Ashley I don't know k9o
let's Philadelphia border no that's how
stars wait humble he's not here I'd
struck wait has a start
I'm sorry Google right now Brad and
Lennox bare hands
there's hmm house start come on come on
come on I should know this this is like
Oh God now this is the story all about
how my life got pizza no son I like the
minute just sit right here tell you
Holly something something something
something bel-air hmm boom look Oh
fill it up yeah ball race I guess I
don't notice well that's up I'll read it
West Philadelphia border raids on the
playin there was us spend most of my
days chillin out maxin relaxin all cool
and all shootin some b-ball outside of
the school when a couple of guys who
were up to no good started makin trouble
in the neighborhood I got one little
fight and my mom got scared she said
you're movin with your auntie and uncle
in bel-air mm-hmm I think that's what I
can manage right now but yeah I love
Will Smith and I loved when I met Jaden
Smith at the UM the awards he was so
cool he actually recognized me when I
when I went up to my cam I'm a YouTube
creator my name is Lisa oh yeah I've
seen your billboards everywhere I was
like he's so cool he's so so nice and
really talk of an affable where other
people think he was just having the best
time ever I thought that was really
bored
mooo questions no questions no questions
uh is about asked would you ever do a we
day in Vancouver I see on its already
know when the we Dame and Cooper is I'm
trying my best to do as many readers as
I can positive because I love read a I
think it's subjugated event and so
meaningful and I meet so many cool
people they're like I cuddled with my
bass Selena Gomez no big deal
by the way revival tour we're sure all
the best as always put my pictures looks
like she's slaying it and I'm so proud
of her um Paul Abdullah my voice each
other that we D as well like my sisters
icon boy cops that's really cool I'm a
Ciara Russell Wilson last Angele cooking
like it to be thrown I love being around
the energy so I love you as many days as
humanly possible now I'm going to search
up teen super love another press ENTER
in about ten seconds if you haven't
tweeted yet if ten things you so found
and I let you know that even when flash
stream is done there's always a reason
to put positive energy and positive
vibes of the atmosphere as a member of
humanity is all our job by name
everything like why I don't have this
problem or Idol it's not about that you
are part of a much larger thing you
aren't human in humanity there's always
gonna be your job to put positive energy
for humanity into the universe so now
that I've said that team super love
let's search it up here we go Hey okay
I'm gonna retweet some of my face
getting underneath the shadow see on the
sides do people take a moment to smile
at strangers I brought you to hope you
know people like you appreciate you very
much I love that that's great
mmm here's to all the fighters to
chronic illnesses that stay fighting the
battle for what you deserve you're
incredible that is amazing Nisa thank
you for that I retweet that as well I'm
little and we got here Ashley says and
dear everyone oh dear everyone's having
a bad day I just want to take time and
say that's probably a positive and happy
did I'm going to retweet that
so many good ones I'm so proud of you
this is amazing dear teachers thank you
for dealing with us helping us get
through life even though we don't thank
you enough for it so thank you that's a
good one I'm going to do that not all
teachers are raising but a lot of them
are a lot of don't get the credit for it
so I really appreciate that treat um no
no ma'am what else we got here oh I love
this one I love this one
Jade says dear depressed kids keep going
to find labels and stay happy we'll work
together I think that's so amazing
jay says dear parents thank you for
sacrificing so much for your children I
love that as well these are all so
wonderful I'm going to give a shout out
to now um there's so many good ones oh
okay
I'm keep reading no pressure no pressure
ah ha ha so much ha ha ok this is great
this made me so happy while this is
amazing ok um ba ba oh ma
okay I got I got it I got it and there's
no way in a bazillion years I am going
to be able to pronounce his name by the
way there's no soul Bob I'm sorry you
didn't win okay I know having a brown
Bob I know it's not pop home Bob okay I
know but this day's gonna be hard enough
but I'm gonna I'm gonna try okay
what up okay no pen on the desk Billy
all right um I don't think I've ever
heard this name before it which makes it
awesome
oh my god my nose is so itchy no pen on
the disk whoo okay the first one this
shara I really like your treat because I
thought it was really honest and I like
things that are real and honest that's
that show all sides of something and so
the tweet was dear kids and teens of the
world I'm writing now to motivate to
explore take chances ask for help be the
help be brave be you that's really long
so shouldn't you put in spaces you just
like at the spaces they no time for
spaces I like that because says ask for
help be the help multiple facets and I
really do care that's aa secrete I'm
gonna butcher your name so I apologize
in advance
Burt guess is the door oh I'm sorry
that's horrible well thank you so much
for being here
if you missed it don't worry at this
live stream is done you can pause rewind
all that stuff um that's a great tree
and just because I've done that shot
doesn't mean you can't always do this
remember sending a positivity is not
just like a thing you gotta do because
you're forced it is your duty as a human
that is part of humanity to put positive
energy into the world others one more
shadow to go and I'm going to do it on
Instagram but I'll do that in a few
minutes I actually have to go in about
10-15 minutes I know it's been a short
scene but I gotta go and Beyonce's
waiting for me oh I'm sorry I got oh my
I'm wound up hi I'm rude up my nose is
so a dude I dunno
hi okay more questions less scratching
up nose here we go I'm not going to
cause a stir for live anymore John
didn't call watching scratch Meadows any
popcorn and not speak and just think
Luis probably watching us anything no I
won't for him to watch this
okay more questions bean mocha stamps H
to his old zou asks have you ever broke
a bone and never broke a bone but I've
like fractured a little part of my um
hand once and but I healed over time but
I've never like had a cast I'm kind of
sad about because I would love for
people to sign my cast but I don't think
I should wish them up because that a
broken bone I would be able to work and
that would devastate me
devastate me uh how excited are you for
VidCon s/m I am very excited I'm
unfortunately only gonna be there for
one day but that day will include a meet
you read of course because I love you
uglies but um and is the same weekend as
one of my very good friends is getting
married so I'll be flying back home
between now and VidCon I'm actually
flying back home like three days one of
them is gonna be um sympathiser I said I
was gonna fly home for Game five I do
not do that because I'm flying back home
for a revival and you don't I know
you're thinking why would you do that
because so he was gonna have a concert
in LA I understand that there's a very
specific reason as to why I want to go
to Toronto no I'm not going to be on
stage three I think there's a personal
reason uh because the first time I ever
saw a seen a concert was in Toronto and
so I want to watch this one in Toronto
as well and I'll talk more about that
when the time comes near but yeah now
you know I'm gonna fly all the back to
Toronto to go - revival and I feel happy
about it and great about it um let's
take a picture real quick let's also
blog and let's also snapchat let's do
all the socials what's going on what's
going I want someone goes oh it's going
yo look at you just chill in here chill
in here we're doing a suburban life and
in true fashion my nose is so itchy and
red and I'm doing my thinking face like
that and I'm I already got pen on the
desert pen ago this from the marker on
the desk I'm eating popcorn up it's
great everything's going great
everyone laughs they're all here and
they're being so patient 15,000 people
were watching at home
which is like god I should that's you
know I should have probably been funny
if T that was been watching but being
myself well that's all not if you didn't
know I make daily vlogs you can check
out my blog channel at hmmm you do
Balcom supermoon blogs oh so funny I
come to my live stream I got the popcorn
k-much now by with 10 minutes from now
my nose not going to eat you at all it's
not right now it feels like it's on fire
and it happens every Lodge dream I don't
know I don't know I don't know one does
there's no possible answer I sit here
every day exactly they were yet when I
do a legend no idea all right let's take
a picture like I said I'm gonna pose and
I want to try take a selfie in a way but
it looks like words and selfie together
post on Instagram now I'm going to shout
out to someone who does that so you can
try put your body here
I'll come this side not kind of pointed
you like which they go together you
ready so get your camera's writing I'm
your second to the left swipe up make
sure it's facing the right way
each camera already do all these things
everybody ready everybody good e.e I'm
ready n
bonus points if you can get this one
half of a heart it's going to be hard on
even if that's possible with
all right uh post a picture on Instagram
tag at iisuperwomanii use the hashtag
ask superwoman live and I'll pick up
winner I'll show their picture now give
my shutter on this piece of paper and
that's what's going on in the meantime
I'm just gonna rip my nose off during
his live scene because I'm just like
your nose why you do yes so
okay go ahead and do that but give you a
second do that and then I'm gonna give a
shout out ah ah ah okay
no questions no questions mocha stands
Papa Papa a Russia my home bruh asked
will you ever been shaky moments back
here's the thing with shady moments
right JT moments is just my rants with
me sitting down or my glasses that's why
I get so like confused as to like how
I've been shady moment life is
everything I would have talked about
shady moments is what I give in my rent
kind of except I don't wear glasses and
I'm not sitting I don't like to perform
today I understand so do if you just
mean like library glasses in a rent I'm
not good but I appreciate that you know
which ad moment is led into a real OG
ask for swap okay then you search up on
your hand for mana
humble the poet can you join me for a
second 25 seconds alright alright rain
for humble just humbles and help me
choose a winner because my nose is on
fire I can't concentrate because on fire
it's been 25 seconds I think
haha at one time lines I have one though
good thing
16:17
my joke and he shall be pick a winner
cut my nose on fire
my nose on fire every virus to my nose
is itchy I don't know why okay we're
gonna do
is I want you to pick a winner that is
closer to selfie with me like this kind
of selfie with me in this outfit so you
know what the right scream not like that
because it's gotta be with me okay and
we're looking for certain oh yes we need
my pony it's early search them humble
we'll pick a winner and then I will give
a shout out to that person and he's
gonna be very intense about it so we're
talking to vote with the live look ya
know Tantra Photoshop it's got to be in
the live stream i well does that I'm
gonna give a recap of what we have what
we did today I'm sorry I'm a bit
distracted right now but literally my
nose killing right now is on fire um
boughs if you don't know now you know if
you injure lipstick there you go
Safaricom smashbox.com go grab that Teen
Choice yeah do what you want with that I
yeah good job with that um
Parrish periscoping tomorrow from there
handles so bitchin check that out and
follow them on social media on Twitter
and on Instagram pi I would you III III
bottom teeth I I is where you can find
that stuff um I'll be snapchatting my
experience at the Beyonce concert so
that is super cool um if you want to
join that my snapchat is iisuperwomanii
as well thank you for all your patience
bought my last Minnis and whatever you
like that one okay I'm gonna write down
oh god my nose on fire can you possibly
give a theory as to why my nose is so
did you know this one my house with you
every single time a classical island
without Phil who like every single one
my nose gets so incredibly itchy and red
and irritated and I'm just scratching it
for the entire stream and then when
streams done it's awfully cheap but you
look really pretty but then why wouldn't
it always be used to here I was in this
exact spot one for all time why is it
when I get the live stream that my nose
sensitive its sights of the where's Bob
I don't know you look at every time for
the segment reflux dream
that's right sir
it's a move yeah I said baby's alive
scream radiation
laughing revision yeah I'm reading your
name it could be your name time hotel oh
this is a little bit of okay
I think humble take this humble one
explain why pick this one I think this
because I love individual came prepared
and dressed up for the lucky dress I
notice it is Elmo the person with this
live stream is Elizabeth
I'm just course see I just or 23 I'm Bo
you can pause missile as well right
I'm so good Rockland thank you so much
for being here
you are so cute look at this of us look
how cute that it's a complete that is
thank you so much I appreciate you being
here so much um unfortunately at the end
this live stream no because I never went
ready we're leaving in less than an hour
and I'm so excited about all this
somebody's welcome to a place no voices
in your head that I don't know but that
end on a positive thought my positive
thought is going to be something about
everything about it um my pacifier is
moved and based upon reflection I think
in my life something I've struggled with
a lot these past two years is reflection
it's pausing what is happening and
feeling it my life moves so quickly and
sometimes we're doing so many things and
there's so many distractions in the
world that we don't always pause and
reflect
especially for in my life because I feel
so blessed and grateful that I could
tweet something like oh I look like a
Beyonce chickens that I get beyond
settings and I don't wanna do person
that's just like oh grateful that's how
it is it's important for me to pause am
like yo that's really cool and I'm
really grateful and I want to feel how
grateful I am for this at this moment so
they pause anything else I'm doing to
feel this moment and then let me pause
as
beyond that concert and not snapped I'm
not do things good whoa this is really
cool and how do I feel right now I think
it's important to do that and pause and
reflect and so that's my positive
message to you homogenic and Dad you
don't have an obsession well I found
something very shiny is the producer
expediter I'm sorry producer that
produce lad or 300 wrap and a lot of
those songs you - um and he's a wicked
guy and what you're in touch so you
posted something I'm totally stealing
this molecule is present because if it's
unappetizing do not eat date or sign up
for it if the mere thought of it is
depressing do not major it sit through
it but devote your life to it is not
important to you do not do it only
because it's important to someone else
you will thank yourself pretty
self-explanatory and dope appreciate
that thank you so much for joining me I
asked upon live wherever you won the
world I appreciate you taking the time
of your day somebody waking up so early
some of you staying up so late to join
me I'm sorry was a short one but I'm
gonna do this on the 14th every month I
will see you next month and involved my
adventures on my blog channel and on my
snapchat I'm gonna go ahead out of here
I'm gonna do a makeup you kaput and chop
off my nose um it's not what's going on
I love so much I have a the best day
night evening wherever you are singing
lots of positive vibes and I hope you
continue to send them right back one
love you lots
love you lots love you lots let's see if
I know I drop the stream cause it can
take me a second let me keep saying bye
okay and then bye and then okay bye then
that one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop thank you so much bye
