hoo-hoo pops a pimple before they shoot
a video what about wanted to girl a soup
woman and before I begin let me just say
that I love Boober uber has changed my
life no this is not an ad no this is not
sponsored and to prove it this is vodka
I just drank it no company would sponsor
this video unless it was a vodka company
speaking of vodka on behalf of someone
who occasionally likes to enjoy a Cosmo
or two and has a very low tolerance I
don't like to drive because drinking and
driving is not cool
thus uber like straight up the biggest
lightweight ever okay I just have to
like take a selfie with a bottle of
vodka and I won't pass a breathalyzer
test worst Punjabi ever now in case
you're living in a part of the world
that doesn't have a burr it's basically
like a taxi on-demand service through
your app but honestly if you don't know
what uber is then chances are you don't
have internet either so you can't really
watch this in which case like yo what up
Fred cos bedrock I've taken a lot of
ubers and if you have to then you
definitely experience these types of
uber drivers number one the lost soul
alright so I requested uber right I drop
a pin on my location Here I am and I see
you and you'll animate a car and you're
over here and I'm like great you tapped
it from here to here the app says you're
two minutes away I'm like great splendid
everything is going marvelously you have
one job that is to pick me up so far you
are nailing it do you it says you're 30
seconds away I'm excited I'm like my
knickers are in a bunch right now yay
transportation that what happens is
suddenly when you're 30 seconds away you
get possessed and your car makes a 180
and you start having the other direction
and you'll have a goober up shows okay
doesn't do like a slight turn oh just
has a complete 180 where we're not an
uber app anymore we're in insidious 3
okay and the Google car is like Oh
smeb I swear I'd see one sip of vodka
why is this happening why is my uber
doing the cha-cha slide I straight up
this is an uber anymore no this is like
Waller coaster tycoon okay the jerk
that's playing just picked up my uber
with alcohol and dropped him somewhere
else you know this is karma for all the
times I picked up people and drop them
in the water and they drowned was it
just me so then I column like hi mister
over man it looks like you're going the
wrong way
make a little three-point turn and come
this way I'm standing outside the mall
and then mr. Kubik drivers that okay
I'll be right there
any other thing right I feel like you
could say absolutely anything to an uber
driver and the response will always be
yeah yeah I'll be right there
hey yeah mr. uber driver I'm waiting on
Saturn's third ring okay yeah I'm
turning in yeah okay keep turning in
just like I'm gonna buy ivy park to work
out come on
and then I look at my uber app and it's
gone from 2 minutes to 7 minutes oh my
god okay just like my love life the
possibility of me getting picked up is
getting further and further lonely I'm
so lonely left turn left turn right turn
right turn you turn all the turns just
like that it's not monopoly okay you
don't have to go around the whole thing
Pass go to collect me this guy calls me
back is like oh hey where are you
and I'm not brah I'm at the mall
remember which mall me which is the mall
that's being stabbed with the pin in the
app we put pins and things to mark them
that's how this works okay
it's not like a pirate's gonna look at a
treasure map be like oh you know what
see that X right there and it probably
crossed it out because the treasures not
there follow the pin that's what it's
for
Sam waiting and waiting I'm literally
watching this over driver play pac-man
okay around my pin he calls me back and
it's all like hey so where exactly are
you going you see that right there where
are you going is another way of saying
is this trip worth it because in the
world of Buber distance is like cleavage
okay you're going across the whole city
that's a b-cup okay
you went across the street in straight
teenage boy and that's why I never put
my destination address in before the
over driver arrives okay I don't be
judged by my destination if I want to
over to cross the street that's my
choice shredder but over driver asking
you where your destination is before he
arrives is the same things like a boy
asking you if you have a boyfriend he's
trying to gauge the situation to see if
it's worth it okay get issuing no
government survey inside that Club
I'm sure knowing my luck you probably is
just like hey are you singing oh my gosh
thanks vote for Bernie I by the way I
know nothing about politics so don't
take that any type of way I honestly
don't even know hey I I think you I
think you should vote for Justin Trudeau
and can I just say there is no bigger
betrayal than you having like a
conversation or two with your driver
letting them know where you are what
you're all about maybe a text or two
you're on a first-name basis okay you
leave your party to the guys I gotta go
my uber is arriving okay my over cares
about me deeply is pulling up Zhang
Cheng what the pull up in his Hyundai
right now okay right here you're
standing by the curb
you know all confident I was in a Buick
your uber driver has canceled another
said what that F okay I thought we had
something special I thought we had to
understand it honestly this is probably
the premise of Drake's new album just
like you should keep your family close
because then your dad can pick you up
number two the Chatterbox now don't get
me wrong I appreciate any person who's
friendly and likes to have conversation
but I equally appreciate people who can
recognize social cues I hop into an uber
right and within 30 seconds I can tell
what type of ride this is gonna be if 30
seconds pass and the driver hasn't said
anything it smoothes that I'm gonna sit
back I'm a relaxed number two all this
free gum but if the uber driver hit you
with the so how was your day oh my god
you know what kind of ride this is gonna
be this is gonna be go where you're
going where you're from what do you do
for a living type ride and sometimes I
don't feel like talking so just like
cakes using huge put on the radio
thanks but does that stop this driver
from talking no and now we're listening
to the radio and every song just remixed
with speed dating so where do you work
work work work work work set me happy
work work work work work how long have
you lived here I ask myself what am I
doing here Oh Lily that's an interesting
name what does it mean my name is no my
number is no please just let me enjoy
this ride in silence I don't be like
talking okay and I promised you I was
still give you a good rating if you shut
your mouth I promise your rating will
look like a red carpet stars piece
number three the Eskimo you ever stepped
into an uber and straight up experience
climate change me a F see me I'm super
sensitive to cold I am always cold and
sometimes when I step into an uber the
AC is blasting I feel like I'm in
Alaskan conditions it's just like
stupidly cold I feel like I could write
an article called like life packs for
frosty you won't believe number four
live in this uber it's Lenny no I sit
down I try to ignore it and not say
anything because you know humans were
stupid any time we're in an
uncomfortable situation
why just communicate our needs let's
just pretend it's not happening I would
rather freeze then request the a/c to be
turned off because I'm a nice person
does this make any sense no but this is
my logic but eventually I can't take it
because it's freezing I got goose bumps
all over my body okay and are see if
there's a traffic jam head
don't even worry because my nipples
could cut traffic right now literally I
wouldn't be allowed on a plane or
through security because I have to sharp
objects on my person you could straight
up hang two jackets on me like big
yeah I've got like down-filled Canadian
jackets so then I finally cave and in my
super Canadian way I'm just like sorry
you know what can yeah you don't mind
I'm so sorry if you just turn off the AC
and the person acts like is the most
ridiculous request ever like at all
completely off the AC and I'm just like
yes homeboy I am frozen all my leg hairs
have grown back
okay and I shaved this morning usually
they would last until like at least this
evening okay it's 12 p.m. so then
homeboy turns off the AC but then what
does he do roll down all the windows so
now I have all this Tundra wind up in my
face okay and not only am i freezing my
hair is going super crazy and my hair is
very long so not only is that in my way
but the car next door put their window
up and my hair got caught in it okay so
now I'm into cars just driving down the
road like this number four the bag DG
gonna make one thing clear okay it's a
Tuesday afternoon and I just stepped
into your uber I'm expecting it to be
lit I need good music at all times
one time I stepped into an uber and the
guy was listening to this weird
audiobook about finding something in the
woods and I'm like oh my god I'm gonna
die okay so they know obviously what did
i do I was that I can just like them
Taylor Swift please okay you know cuz I
wanted to know if you were out of the
woods mmm see what I did you see what I
did so home skillet turns on the radio
and literally puts the volume at one
like one the volume is so low I have no
idea what's playing is this Nicki Minaj
is this a commercial is this static
honestly this could be my stomach for
all I know
so again in my super Canadian hammock hi
I'm so sorry to disturb you I'm just
really apologetic okay you just turn the
volume up a little bit homeboys like
sure turns a dial up by one I know
sitting down what kind of turn up was
that after a 90 year old Mormon men
would turn up more than this turn up
right here give me some volume run
because songs don't sound good if
there's no songs are meant to be played
loud okay imagine listening to Rihanna's
work work work work work on low volumes
oh no I wouldn't believe that she
actually wants me to work no that sounds
more like you know : sick oh wait but
you don't take a break
you play that itch loud I work work work
work I'm on a treadmill writing an essay
this do could play Adele's hello justic
hello and I wouldn't even know the song
yeah I would think a nearby cricket is
making a phone call number five the
astrologist
all this uber driver wants is stars you
about to leave out of the car
I was like hey can you give me a good
rating please numbers like Brock did you
earn a good rating you think that's just
a simple ass track or if you kissed
John's for you did you indicate while
changing all up in these lanes did you
check your blind spot did you offer me
some h2 Hisle what's that no you didn't
okay then you don't get a good rating
simple as that okay
what you think I'm handing y'all ratings
like fires now okay I put respect on
that rating and I get it you want a good
rating but it's just kind of strange
people bluntly ask you to do that that's
like be like hey can you like like my
Instagram picture please right now and
even though I'm saying all this I'm
talking so much crap because I give
everyone a good rating it doesn't matter
what they do literally an uber driver
could drive me off a cliff and as soon
as they stitch my fingers back to my
hand I would give him five stars mad
firstworldproblems ruff yo I hoped you
enjoyed that video if you did please
give it a thumbs up because that ish
matters also leave a comment below
letting me know is this just me have you
experienced these uber drivers my last
video is right over there is my family
tag with my real mom my real dad and my
real sister second vlog channels right
over there make sure you subscribe to
that I do make daily vlogs and make sure
you subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and if none of
these annotations work because you're on
a phone I'll put the links in the
description as well other than that oh
one last thing follow me on Instagram
III Superman III and please like all my
pictures Thanks one love superwoman that
is a wrap and
