yeah okay we gonna be gave you you have
to sit like that she's like whatever we
watch the girls still food and what you
thinking what the hell is going on and
why is this happening and honestly I'm
asking all the same questions I'm home
in Toronto for the weekend so I decide
to a fun video with my family I know I
don't usually do tags and challenges but
um you've been really really requesting
this for a long time and I just finished
doing the sister tag with my sister on
her Channel so that why not with my real
pet because my Wendy's and I'm just
parents are on vacation so they brought
in these actors to play the role of my
parents I'm gonna ask a bunch of
questions and then we do a lightning
round and that's what's gonna happen
hey ready 1 2 3 are you ready great dad
that was that was on before you don't
have to put the hand yeah whose video
this is huh this video this is you ready
sister what is the most annoying thing
about me can I say everything you can
everything everything is annoying about
you from the way you make that weird
face when you make your Indian accent
with the nose natural spice that one
that one and also the fact that you get
whatever you want abroad what is the
most annoying thing about me
so ha yeah I don't think you know no I
don't know sometimes yeah she gave Eddie
dude I guess she's busy but she gave
attribution to mother I must not have
been there at those moments because I
don't find it as well as you okay dad
most annoying thing about them yeah most
annoying thing is because yes your mom
said being a dad I can't see anything
annoying but you are sometime annoying
okay thank you like you just said a
bunch of words being bossy Oh bah
attitude blah all right my god honestly
I feel like I'm watching chickens it's
news to me right now okay this is news
to me right now I'm gonna cry
best quality about me hold on I'm not
one in time one at a time
okay dad won't you start oh let me tink
oh my god I can't pick up any can i
that's not your Oscar someone get the
Oscar over here this one right yes but
she still owes good idea okay okay
the question is best quality about me
that's a question you are always on
obviously you're very helpful than ever
I need to talk to you
yes sir you see Schubert Dana the Tina's
busy with the kitchen see how she's
doing
Jerrica it's not that she's not caring
he doesn't love you no no but it's
because I know because you buy south no
single soon as I need to talk to ya and
I thought she's helpful like mix it back
we are mind this conversation you'd even
love me
Oh obviously what I read from that take
focus what I read from that comment what
I read is that I'm her favorite
that's what I'm gonna remind Gina best
quality above me
hard-working hard-working hands down
please stop stop you're making me black
one more thing we got to at three I got
out of one thing you make up something
for mine to do it you will do it like me
I would be like you yeah
I've been I mean hey you know what I
mean determination you know you know
yeah yes
one word to describe me take - come back
to me I think you are hilarious and the
best daughter anybody could have that's
more that's one word - a turd yeah
hilarious
that's daughter anyone should ever have
by the way
all right Louie rewind it play that back
bass yeah one word yes Byron you're
inspiring to them yes oh uh sure I like
to add okay
whew would anyone work no I see a few
more things I'm learning from you to her
to be more humble another well you know
you know I just say my sheep I'm very
humble and the best you are over dad
this is just cuz cameras rolling cuz
you're not yeah that's true yeah not but
but okay who named me and why I named
Billy Tina named you Lily because she
said she has a girl in her class yeah
her name was Lily
yeah and I really like your name so I
was like oh I'm always sister than when
you were born their name is I don't like
the name Lily so she was fabulous well
as fabulous as this we don't any I don't
know about as I said for Blue's shooter
dad jokes right you're getting on the
pencil describe how I was as a baby
however I don't think so they can
describe how you hold a baby I can I'm
sure mom can as well yes mom I would
like a baby play at the opportunity okay
go ahead give yo you are a crying baby
most of the time okay again Brad from
the beginning whatever you want you have
to get it I can tell you a story which
always to describe how she was as a
child from the beginning so are you
telling the toothbrush
yeah oh my god water I was a child so
we're brushing our teeth in Nevada this
one black one I don't want you to
entertain bathroom is meat plant what
what mom that's a pickle question alien
oh my god
I was Victor I um maybe I was
embarrassed about my teeth maybe I was
uncomfortable
maybe you were to the wrong maybe we
regret sensitive tooth brushing me is
fine she's always sleep in my bed and I
tried to I said you know what she has to
learn how to sleep in her own crib
finally after four hours I had to give
up
I felt bad she's exhausted crying but
she
giving no she's holy thank you sleep
yeah don't you remember
okay then again at finally I finally I
had to give up on that you exist take
note of this situation I am given up let
it be no I have I changed since making
videos on you have I changed since
getting YouTube success have I changed
no I think you improve your more yeah
you're more approachable yeah no I agree
I think you change in a good way so I
want to say you haven't changed like I
think you're still like you're not like
oh look at me I'm free yeah no no no you
don't do that anyway I really want to
but you don't do that but what I think
has changed about you when you improve
is because you're actually just older
now right so just yes so many years
since you started YouTube so now you've
gone to a different phase of your life
where you're yeah you are more
approachable you are much better person
now I think more humble and honestly be
yourself at your number one quality
perfect no way you're gonna see much
better person
she's not a better person before no she
no yeah no I don't want to know this
question because of how I make my videos
do you pressure me to get married and
what are your thoughts on me getting
married I'm gonna start with mom no I do
not pressure her they're married she
will get married whenever she's ready if
I just want to get marry yeah she's into
Berkeley right now I'm night after that
oh that is a rehearsed like no no no
it's fine it's fine
dad were you think I read that question
you got except the question would you
like me give me you wanna honest answer
yes you have no fun okay thank you thank
you
that's true it's the best day of my life
now you know my parents don't care
everything's great alright we're gonna
end the video with a lightning round how
it's gonna work I have a series of
questions here k but it'd be nice if you
like married this bombs you know what up
sweater reference first question is
where do I live in LA I think Tom's mom
I don't know oh yeah City raw like
Valley Stream Valley Stream if not even
if you just said
Oh think about your daughter moves out
and you don't even know where she even I
didn't want there okay
Miracle Mile is right yeah all right my
god what is the acronym for my world
tour 282 to you I yeah which city did I
not go to my world tour my name for
which one did I do not go to K which
place Hong Kong Sydney Malaysia Dubai
Thank You Malaysia okay both you gotta
think I'm Elaine I go goodbye oh don't
you get this right now okay hey Chitti
how old am I here funny done what year
was I born yeah yeah yeah yeah buzzing
cheating what I answer it because I'm
not you better cut it yeah my pleasure
Oh Didier okay there's multiple right
answers for this all except various
answers game what is my favorite food
it's a bad film used to be chicken curry
okay what is the novel at Chipotle okay
always got that enter that's right
Jabari yes
mac and cheese popcorn but mom :
okay popcorn is their food is to snap
its neck as Louisville no I mean I even
knew that about you you were like okay
listen as you said English is not a fuss
line we should have another chance
yeah okay no way the snack is not a food
snack or snack is what is snappa drink
speaking of drinks if I went into a barn
or in an alcoholic beverage what would
be the beverage mom in a fight cool I'm
gonna accept that as an answer because
in Canada I would do that but if it's a
mixed drink oh it again you still gonna
point that Shetty temple cognizable
comes another one Red Bull vodka I don't
even know cause Moe what two days we
upload videos Monday Thursday sure use
it up changes Monday Thursday yeah no no
- no no no I get it
the two of them wrong raise your hand
again Monday and Thursday and every day
blog yeah that's right hey Dad at the
end of my Monday Thursday videos what is
my outro one I'm superwoman and Zoop and
wrap him up yeah one love superwoman
this is a wrap and Zoop chic okay when
he is one super one that's a wrap and
Zoop okay at the end of my vlogs I have
a phrase what is the phrase okay yeah if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe got
anything you want to say anything you
want to say good good if you like a
sister
okay mom or you ever say to all the
viewers and support us left you super oh
my god this is been my family tag I
don't know sir if you hated it I knows I
like my usual videos look if you like
this video please give a thumbs up make
sure you comment below letting me know
what else would you want to know for my
parents and/or sister about me
check out my sister sister tag off with
a link in description she has a channel
as well where she blogs and you'll my
last video is right over there so click
and watch that my damn channel is right
over there so click it and watch that
hey make sure you subscribe to our new
videos every Monday and Thursday
well I'm love superwoman that is a wrap
in the end we're gonna start me and
friends you're gonna start our own video
channel soon
- okay okay at it it's imagining stay
tuned
