- drops on the drink what's the Wi-Fi
password
I got Disney's messing me up by the code
for the Wi-Fi today kotappa buddy
timeline
my dad it's week Mills by the way
today's special is the roasted chicken
sorry what you better pay attention
hey I'll take the chicken someone put on
a handful of chicken porch yeah they
know I gotta hook up they just wait on
me to cook up baby I heat up a stove you
do the dishes you know ask you to please
excuse my table manners I was making
room for the table dish I spilled all my
emotions tonight I'm sorry rolling
rolling rolling rolling rolling how many
more shots until your road well I'm
lucky that you're big lucky that you
stayed home I need someone to put this
weight on
what do you want we just want the credit
we're still I'm gonna worry about me
give up about you what credit we don't
like to do too much explaining stories
stay the same I never changed it
this is never happened to me before you
got your fair share of admirers they
call your phone you try to act like it's
just me but I am NOT alone I need you to
say something now we're in the basement
now we working on the phone now we
interface we then we working on the
phone I don't know working on the phones
now we enter
let's change man Jamie changing I'm the
mob
love your cash shit no no how much your
mother trucker making out laughs I must
have a quarter million on me right now
my part time if a car decline you need
to check this run again I'll give you a
mess where you keep that money coming
there yeah
I'm just feeling sorry for whoever got a
sweep up I'd only want to get the job
done
I don't know anything that could cover
from yo can you be right home by the
coils a little I got somewhere to be
okay where we go only thing we ever
owned is the radio
let it play thank you hold on just hold
on on home no I'm not going home I'm
heading to a party made me feel like I
did you wrong going places where you
don't belong
actually sorry I'm so sorry I need to go
home and get ready when you're ready
just say you're ready when all the pack
is just ain't as heavy in the party's
over just don't
we'll change the place and we'll just go
slow actually can you speed up a bed I'm
getting late
Cyril join in real quick well we ran off
quitting again really because it
honestly feels like we're not even
moving you just waiting on a traffic jam
and finish girl the things that we could
do is run into this guy a cramped window
air it out what sorry now my friends
want to ride you gonna make me go out of
my way I'm sorry
now look at getting now your friends and
you're getting in the car and you're
coming to the house so we clear right
now use yo hope you enjoyed that video
shadows to my boy Drizzy Drake was
releasing this album tomorrow this would
be a little fun thing to do for him if
you liked it give it a thumbs up and
comment below letting me know did you
know all the songs did you not know
what's going on you can check out my
last video right there you can check out
my second vlog channel right there
I know that subscribe button click it
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
six-six
