Game of Thrones tomorrow oh my god I can
always ice what happened oh my all right
nothing distracting me from Game of
Thrones no nothing
I've been shocked happen my body was
away what everyone it's a girl
superwoman and the closest thing to the
zombie apocalypse has occurred that's
right
Beyonce dropped her new album and all
you Walking Dead fans I thought you
would be so prepared for this moment
yeah you know what that have to do with
all this lemonade Beyonce straight up
broke humans with her casual tweet
releasing her album chaos everywhere
what mom sent me a friend request wait
what's this lemonade I know what you
nonbelievers watching or thinking what's
the big deal Beyonce released an album
which is an album who cares well Tim
okay let me tell you why it's a big deal
because not just about the album it's
about how Beyonce releases an album
casual Twitter gives you 140 characters
okay Beyonce used like 20 just like
y'all lemonade new album here
straight-up Beyonce's album just showed
up to a party wearing jeans and a
t-shirt casual because everyone was like
Beyonce Beyonce oh my god when is your
album releasing we are they tell us what
your album brought later and she's all
like soon oh give a wet but when is soon
that we're dying soon
we had I heard rumors of album's coming
I don't know when the album's coming mmm
here have some lemonade
no prep no warning okay just dropping an
album as if this is like a normal thing
to do put this into perspective let me
show you what normal people drop on an
average day phones change data mate
dignity but what does Beyonce drop
visual album yeah super deep super raw
12 tracks and obviously everyone lost
their mind real tweets regarding
Beyonce's album settling into lemonade
my nipples could cut glass today is my
day and I can lemonade if I want to
sitting in a Publix parking lot trying
to piece my life back together
hashtag lemonade now we all know what
happened when Beyonce mentioned a
watermelon okay and honestly with the
lemonade and lemons I expect nothing
less
serving that fresh lemonade post roses
are red violets are blue lemonade oh no
listen I'm done I'll talk what juice it
would I don't make me go lemonade on you
right now we should just rename the food
group okay fruits and vegetables nah
more like Beyonce okay I can't wait till
she drops her next album celery
everybody's recently used emoji to be
looking like a salad when's the last
time anyone ever use the lemon emoji go
straighten the lemon won't stop me
feeling lit right now just sit in there
a little app like yo ain't no one talked
to me okay I'm bother status up in here
okay that's right friggin peach whatever
FDR's bowl of rice but I get the F over
there get rid for me and here's the
thing why the album is so dope it's like
off the charts
speaking of off the charts this is
lemonade sales since the album came huh
lemon farmers buy a yacht
lemon farmers do people farm lemons
trees trees water trees what where the
lemons come from and even though that
chart was a joke we all know it's gonna
be absolutely true because the internet
has no chill so a lot of people are
saying that in the album beiongs is
alluding to the affair between jay-z and
Rachel
and obviously the internet Mac computer
heard HOF this weird and started
attacking everyone whose name starts
with R so they got Rachel Roy confused
with Rachel Ray yes Rachel Ray the
innocent lady who's been holding down 30
Minute Meals on Food Network oh you
thought the premiere for Game of Thrones
is on HBO not now the premiere for Game
of Thrones and Rachel Ray's Instagram
comments right now me I went in your
Rachael Ray had your stanky stop going
through that the queen bee your hair and
even that better and Rachel rage is like
like honestly beehive you had one job
y'all confused okay y'all out here
trying to pollinate a traffic light
anyways if you know anything about me
you know I love Beyonce I think she's
super dope and super talented and you're
watching this and you're not a fan of
Beyonce well then hi Kim Kardashian I'll
make a video for you next time and I
know I've dedicated this whole video to
Beyonce's album but that's just because
I'm so excited lemonade drop and
literally my priorities changed okay
this disrupted my Aikau my body was not
ready and I just hope the next time
Beyonce drops an album she gives us some
warning it doesn't just do this all
surprising you win that count God it's
okay it's okay it's okay Shh
Wow yo hope you enjoyed that video if
you did please give it a thumbs up
comment below letting me know have you
listened to Beyonce's new album watch
your favorite song can you not listen to
are you not a fan if you're not a fan
what I mean everyone has their own
opinion even though it's wrong
you had check out my last video it is
right there it's called how to not be a
jerk on the internet you can check out
my second vlog channel right there
also make sure you subscribe because I
make new comedy videos every Monday and
Thursday and I would love we're gonna be
here because if you weren't here that
this would be kind of weird to be honest
well I love superwoman that
