please show this video in schools and in
hospitals when kids are born
honestly just even take an iPhone and
slip it into the uterus so embryos know
what's up whatever when it's a girl
superwoman and recently I've been
noticing that more than ever social
media is being used as a weapon in some
pointless world war that doesn't make
sense it's like watching an
uncoordinated game of Risk aka some
people are heartless irresponsible
douches on the Internet now before I
begin I need to address a few things
first do I think this video is gonna
change the world
no no I do not think this video is gonna
change the world because the majority of
people who watch this video are gonna
leave a sexist racist comment and then
continue their game of Sudokus let me
just save you some time and say yes I
have long hair I'm not gonna cut it yes
I have a vagina I'm not gonna make you a
sandwich unless you're nice and you
deserve a sandwich and yes I like curry
that doesn't offend me you know why cuz
curry is delicious some people didn't
watch this video listen to it be
affected for like five minutes then
totally ignore it aka tree-like Kony and
some people aren't even gonna see this
video because they have no idea I exist
so do I think this video is gonna change
the world absolutely not but I believe
you watching this right now have the
ability to make some sort of change in
some small way and hey that equals less
jerk so that's a start
second Who am I to be calling people a
jerk well first of all hi my name is
Lilly I am a unicorn let me make
something clear okay I think we all have
jerk tendencies so I'm not really
calling other people out I'm calling
everyone out including myself so take
your defense mechanisms and put them
back on the shelf in the electronic
section third my entire career is based
off the internet okay I've been doing
this for six years have over 400 videos
I'm very passionate about it I love the
Internet I believe in the community that
it gives birth to okay I know what I'm
talking about okay so when you hear me
talking about I don't think I'm just
talking about some crap I know nothing
about no I know what I'm talking about
this video is not about trigonometry
it's about the Internet I know my stuff
so when you hear me talking though this
is coming from a place of passion okay
not lecturing you okay well it might be
a little bit above now that those
addresses are out of the way which is
this GPS and put us inside let's get
started okay ways to not be a jerk on
the Internet know
one negative viral videos are not cool
everyone seems to be so obsessed with
this idea of creating viral content for
the internet and to be fair I get it
that idea has been validated time and
time again you create a hit suddenly
people want to interview you suddenly
people like your Instagram pictures if
your cat falls off your sofa in a silly
enough way Ellen will invite you and
your cat to her show and that's all fine
and dandy but the problem lies in the
fact that people are trying so hard to
capture viral content that they're
willing to capture someone else's pain
to do so people are confusing viral
videos with simply being inhumane and
yes for those of you on the
Twittersphere I am referring to rest in
peace Amy and to be honest a million
other instances in which the exact same
thing has happened hear me when I say if
you prioritize a video getting on
WorldStarHipHop / helping a fellow human
being you have a problem dude I get it
you want to make a viral video about cat
flying through space amazing you want to
make a viral video of a silly dance that
everyone's gonna copy do your thing you
want to make a viral hit by
complimenting your friends shoes dope do
you but if you're trying to make a viral
video by recording someone getting
bullied or beaten up I can assure you
that is not going to take you very far
like how do you think that's going to
positively impact your life ladies and
gentlemen I have panty girl 3-1-1 here
the girl that recorded the viral video
of the girl getting beaten up how are
you fine so tell us about this video it
has 5 million views
fascinating ok and panty girl how do you
think this video changed your life oh
well I got 5 million views uh-huh uh-huh
and after this video did people throw
jabs at you uh no but WorldStarHipHop
emailed me the interesting interesting
ended and people liked you more after
you release this video uh not really but
I got a lot of comments amazing amazing
okay so when you hit 5 million views did
people stop you on the street and shake
your hand because of your brilliant
cinematography no but did you win an
Oscar
oh I don't think so okay what about what
about a Grammy for your amazing
commentary oh oh
oh snap no but but people shared it wait
so what you're telling me is you didn't
receive any type of plaque or medal for
recording this no but but I got 5
million views amazing really ok final
question
when you look in the mirror you see the
reflection of a champion
uh no I usually just take a selfie and
if you don't believe me and you think
I'm just preaching someone love BS ok
let me ask you a question
the last viral video you saw of someone
getting bullied or beaten up do you know
the name of the person who uploaded it
take a second can you name that person
that username that profile can you name
it
chances are no because things like that
are only relevant for 24 hours so stop
trying to make reality TV with your
iPhones and make something that actually
matters now I dislike talking about
causes where there's no practical
solution so I'm gonna give you three
ways that you you watching this can
directly help this cause number one when
you see someone in need of help help
them instead of pressing record on your
iPhone and this can go from big issues
to small ones fights people getting
bullied people in car accidents remember
that these people are actual humans not
just actors in your iPhone video number
two I know it's tempting but when you
see these videos on Facebook or anywhere
else don't watch them this type of
culture is fueled by people watching it
it's fueled by views if people stop
watching videos of kids getting beaten
up then people would stop being
encouraged to make videos of kids
getting beaten up number three don't
share these videos I mean it really irks
me that I can make a motivational video
and I'll probably get 300 shares but if
I upload a video of someone getting
punched in the face
it'll get 10,000 shares you see the
problem see it's one thing to recognize
a problem but I do believe that we all
have to make a proactive effort to also
not contribute to the problem which
leads me to my next point number two
spread more of what you want your you
like Nutella right chances are you like
Nutella so when you have a piece of
bread
you're gonna spread a lot of Nutella on
it you're not gonna spread kale on it
why because kales gross treat the
internet the same way I mean yes there's
a lot of horrible things and horrible
kale on the internet but there's also a
lot of Nutella
bradman Nutella share the positive
things spread the things you believe in
don't share the video of that fight
where people are getting beat up and
bullied instead share the video of that
athlete you spend every Tuesday at a
Children's Hospital giving back if you
want more people doing amazing things
and helping change the world give those
people the view why don't they get the
shares why don't they get the same
traction that a high school fight would
get well what's that oh because that's
human nature okay yeah I hear this all
the time where you know then it's time
to change the nature of humans okay stop
making excuses and let's start taking
action we're not bystanders of humanity
we are humanity does it make sense to
use our energy bashing things we hate
and that bother us and we could be using
that same energy promoting things we
love and causes we believe in the
Internet is effin awesome okay but we
keep thinking it's horrible because we
keep sharing horrible things about it
the Internet is standing there looking
damn fine okay we keep taking pictures
of the Internet from a low angle now the
Internet has seven chins so how can you
help this cause share the things you
want more of in this world all the
positive content it's totally fine to
want to be aware of the horrible things
that are happening on the planet but why
do well on those things why not post
solutions to those things if you see a
video about kids fighting on a
playground don't share that video and
encourage that type of content to be
captured instead share a video about
anti-bullying work talk to your kids
about anti-bullying be proactive
speaking of promoting love and promoting
solutions we live in a time a very crazy
time where people can make a living off
the internet but I make a living off
making videos on the Internet
unfortunately with this amazing wave of
entrepreneurship there comes a lot of
people who try to make a career off the
internet by bashing things they don't
agree with or people they don't agree
with but they also understand that they
need to be strategic so there's so many
people that use good causes as a vehicle
to hate on other people pro tip if
someone is really passionate about a
cause they won't convince you to do
right by bashing someone else they'll
convince you to do right by talking
about the cause they're so passionate
about for example I'm very big on mental
health
I believe in it I'm very passionate
about it but if Kelly standing right
over here okay doesn't believe in mental
health in my next video would I talk
about mental health and why it's so
important or what I bash on Kelly for
not doing so one of those solutions
helps the cause
of Mental Health the other gets views
use your wonderful brains number three
comments are optional and you notice how
the Internet has convinced everyone that
there is a need for their opinion even
if their opinion is not warranted at all
and is totally irrelevant and
unnecessary people feel the need to just
get a word in
it's like Scrabble up in here people are
just like h UF k wh k knows a word i
export the words give me some points and
here's the thing where i'm not
delusional hate comments are always
gonna exist i don't think i'm gonna say
this and suddenly people are gonna beg
I'm never riding that hate comment again
that's never changing but it's more so
the idea that people think their opinion
is required at all times I can't tell
you how many times I've read a wonderful
status by one of my friends on Facebook
and they've talked about something
they're so passionate about for example
that did someone writes a status about
women's rights and then it'll be a
random person that comments below saying
oh yeah well what about global warming
completely missing the point we're all
out here playing basketball and you show
up with a golf club
it's like do you have some sort of
comment quota you need to fill for the
day we like haven't dropped enough
comments oh no people don't know my
opinion so what can you do to help this
cause if you don't have something
meaningful to say that contributes to a
conversation don't say it don't say
things just for the sake of saying
things okay the comments section is
there but it's not mandatory think about
it the Internet can be so educational
and can broaden our horizons we should
be like the smartest generation that
ever existed we have so much knowledge
the problem is the Internet has too many
teachers teaching about topics they know
nothing about
okay there's syllabus is made from
Wikipedia and they want to be teachers
not because they have something to say
and offer they just want to be a teacher
because the staff room has donuts and
this video right here I hope you
recognizes my attempt to try to make the
internet a better nicer place but for
sure they'll be at least one comment
down there saying honestly I can't
believe she was so mean to Kail stop
number four close windows you know what
I do when I see a shirt in a store and I
really don't like the shirt I don't buy
it or when I'm wearing shoes and they
really hurt because they're too small I
take them off or say I'm really really
sick and then there's this medicine
right here I would take the medicine
common sense so
yet for some reason when people see
something on the internet they don't
like they feel the need to write this
mean thesis instead of just closing the
window don't understand if you see
something that really upsets you and you
have an intelligent opinion to offer go
for it but if you're watching a comedy
video one of mine a cop and you don't
like it close the window I do this all
the time if I'm on Facebook and I see
someone is made of it's a really
upsetting status I don't like i unfriend
them
I'm on Twitter and I see tweets that are
upsetting me i unfollowed the person I
don't continuously put myself into a
fire and then complain that I'm on fire
I just won't step into the fire I just
need to know who is holding you at
gunpoint forcing you to go through my
Instagram I promise if you unfollow me I
will be fine real life example from my
channel I upload a video to my youtube
channel and one of the comments I hope
this channel gets shut down the way you
span the internet is observed like I
don't think you understand how this
works what you basically just you showed
up at my house knocked on my door and
then you got upset that you're no longer
at home how can you help this cause now
I know you're expecting me to say don't
leave me in comments when I told you I
like to offer practical solutions and
that's not a really practical solution
because of all humans and we all have
the urge to say or write mean things
from time to time I mean there's a lot
of people I dislike and if I see their
tweets over and over again I'm just like
oh my god I'm totally gonna reply
because they're so stupid and this is
why I'm going to tell you that Twitter
has a mute function okay Facebook has a
hide post option use them don't place
yourself in a situation where you're
gonna continuously see something that
upsets you and that's gonna prompt you
to leave a hate comment remove yourself
from that situation and you might be
like that's so much effort well yeah you
know what being a jerk is easy being
nice takes work start working and that's
all that's all I have to say this is
like this is a book recording this video
for 30 or 28 minutes and 34 seconds it's
so long and I just I felt so passionate
about I know this is not like my usual
funny comedy videos but I felt so
strongly about this today and I hope you
can see how sincere I'm being I didn't
make this videos that you feel guilty
into sharing it or anything I just
really want to do whatever I can to make
the internet a nicer place because I
believe in the Internet and I just
really
it brings a little bit of awareness into
our lives so we can do small things
every day to do our part and just
remember that profile pictures are still
people comments are still hurtful
analytics are still human beings so from
the bottom of my heart if you think this
video can be helpful please share it and
if you don't think it could be helpful
please exit the window but if you do
think it's helpful sure because next
time someone is in need of help
maybe after watching this video a person
will stop recording on the iPhone and
help the person rules next time that
person could be you or your daughter and
that's all that's all I'm going to say
just please spread love what up t-shirt
reference you I hope you enjoyed that
video even though it wasn't my usual
comedy stuff but like I said it's just
really important to me give me a thumbs
up if you did like it and comment below
letting me know your thoughts let's have
some intelligent conversation of how we
can make the internet a better nicer
place because like you know it's pretty
awesome you do want to check out one of
my comedy videos and stuff I usually
make my last video is right there it's
called types of eaters my second blog
channel is right over there
I make sure you subscribe to this
channel because I make new videos every
Monday and Thursday one love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop have a great day
