I'm so full I can't even breathe
whatever wanted to girl superwoman and
yesterday I have an article that was
titled six reasons why have a personal
pan pizza it's better than having kids
now I was like ah I could not agree more
food is wonderful speaking of food types
of people who eat it not only why I
recommend you watch this video because
it's obviously crucial to your survival
and living it the happiness and joy of
your heart and soul this is just you
pause grab yourself a snack and then
come back and watch this video because
this feel everything is better with food
okay
and I said food don't come back with a
salad if you come up with a salad what
did God make you not be friends okay you
can not be Ross salad not food take that
salad throw it away look now to toss
salad and make funny
number one the food addict oh my god
what a creative title Lily oh yeah well
I'm rubber you're glue whatever you say
bounces off me and sticks to you punk
you've won this round it's like what
actually happens up here I don't know
anyways the food addict now typically as
a species human beings need to consume
food for survival and to live but the
food addict doesn't just eat food to
survive no no they eat food because it's
been a ten-mile radius because they're
bored because they're sitting at a table
and there's pie on the table and because
they see the pie because it's Monday
because it's 4:30 because even though
they just ate dinner now they have to
study it obviously they're gonna need a
study snack it doesn't really matter why
the point is food they eat it the food
addict or someone will eat food beyond
the point of comfort
they'll be so full but they'll just keep
eating and let me be the first to say I
am this F in person sure if I could be
so full but if there's fries on the
table I may eat fries I will literally
unbutton my pants in a public setting
just to alleviate the pressure so I can
eat more food okay I'm the same person
who can like change
in front of my mom but asking to take
five
hats off and McDonald's to eat more
fries I'm your woman and then after the
ghost fries going to pass up possibly
about to have cardiac arrest I will ask
for the dessert menu there could
literally be a doctor beside me like
handling if you have one more bite of
food you will die and I'll just be like
go listen could you just make sure the
slide shot my finger goes on point
yeah I don't want no angrier I sort of
life I see this right here
Neptune is light so I will press it
right and smack a hook okay and not
invite my ex's new girlfriend okay
I can't compete with her from dead
unless I dive into pose then maybe pizza
so cold old and dirty but anything about
video my cooking is delicious bro I eat
so much that it causes me physical pain
great you know most people will talk
about how they regret their past
relationship now
I'll be sitting there like damn
shouldn't have had that second slice of
cake man I did so much food that it
makes me think about my life
I'll go hold up my neighbor's near my
breathing okay just straight up my
stomach cannot process what is happening
right now my stomach is straight up
buffering okay you put a microphone
inside my tummy it will sound with the
Titanic soundtrack a bit sinking it's a
tragedy down there it's crazy I'm hungry
look there's pizza just stay here number
two the one-bite wonder now they sing
all right here are the opposite of food
addicts they talk a big game but when
the food arrives they take one or two
bites and claim their hope or even worse
they finish half of their appetizer and
claim their full appetizer but this is
just the beginning okay what some hummus
and Peter's got your skirt five minutes
ago you are like oh my god I am so
hungry I could eat a cow no I give Italy
eat a whole chicken I need met them to
come right now I'm so banished and the
food arrives and the only thing I see on
the table or empty promises bro huh your
stomach should be a politician and to be
honest it's disrespectful to people like
me who will continue eating because now
that you're dummy because you're oh okay
I feel like you're judging me when
really you're the weird one because
everyone knows
that carbs are better than people so
maybe your priorities are just whack
because you know there's our fault when
you've been eating for 15 minutes and
your plate still looks like the things
I'm just spitting pizza there's just
pizza flying up everywhere in my mouth
I'm just saying you for later you know
there's a problem when 15 minutes of
pass and your plate still looks like the
picture on the menu
and then you know what you gotta do and
you want the waiter to think that you
didn't eat anything you're like some
crazy person so you take your fork even
ship some rice this wave bigger crater
over here you pile these mushrooms out
let me add a few things up so it looks
like I ate something but the fact
remains that your stomach is weak okay
your stomach in the Meek Mill of anatomy
that's right you heard me Drake what's
up champagne papi six views night number
three the calorie combiner now these
centers the people that really don't
care about individual tastes and flavors
because when they eat they just mix
everything together I'm not one of the
people that grab this part in the
cocaine fries yeah I got some veggies on
this right different is no ketchup boom
stick plug my mouth with some coke YUM
it's actually insta collage of eaters
basically what's supposed to be
happening in your stomach is now
happening in your mouth and I don't
understand how you have all that stuff
in your mouth at one time and you are
seeking because me when I eat call it a
control freak but I actually have a game
plan okay all right not these mashed
potatoes like yourself delicious yeah
I've better safe three bites of these so
this can be the last taste in my mouth
I'll give you super vegetables over here
so I can get them all the way they W
half of this tofu okay then we'll come
back to this mash potatoes I got a plan
I got a blueprint I can guarantee if
you're talking to me the middle of meal
I'm not listening to you I'm making my
blueprint okay I'm like the culinary
jay-z and let me just tell you some of
the worst days of my life are when I
have this plan okay then you said you've
been using during this mac and cheese
mac and cheese I see you over those top
five we okay let's finish these that I
finished the veggies then what happened
I get full okay
I'm not plan backfire so I'm like what
kind of cruel prank is this and God is
just sitting up there like right that's
a great thumbnail for my prank video
screenshot number four good manner
munchers now we all know that one person
needs food the side dish of well-done
matters
let's say I'm going out to breakfast
with person B that's your real breakfast
I weigh about 11 weight let's say I'm
going to brunch with person B boom
that's me real on my way
wait let's say I'd like to dinner with
person D we order food and now obviously
I forget all the food porn in the menu I
am starving and raging hunger after what
seems like an eternity or that you know
Kanye West speech finally our appetizers
arrived but no no not our appetizers
person B's appetizer arrives
the waitress take care mom appetizers
okay the waitress neglected my appetizer
the waitress says my appetizer at the
mall be the winter doesn't even know
what color my appetizers eyes are she
only has person B's appetizer and now
person B s who know my curated cool
person B deserves your personal be a
good person first and be always signals
when they change lanes so you don't have
this person B but then what does person
be doing this mother pepper doesn't eat
their food because they're polite and
they want to wait until my food arrives
I hate that don't do that that is
disrespectful to guards C now here's the
thing okay I'm you trying to be polite
but now you've created this expectation
where we're gonna wait for each other's
food to arrive and let's say when the
main course comes the waitresses mine
first
and you're gonna expect me to wait for
your main course you're right and let me
be the first to tell you that is simply
not going to happen you'll think I'm
gonna let my four cheese spaghetti get
cold because of politeness here's a
question people what's politeness taste
like is what it's like delicious can I
dip my bread into like this no no I
can't so why would I do that how long
the cheese in my pasta to be saucy and
hot and gooey
I want passed up with some effing cheese
strings and this politeness makes no
sense okay you're just ruining your food
and it's not like if you wait for my
food to arrive my foods gonna ride
quicker stop make them eat your food in
addition to this some people are so
polite that they don't constantly wipe
their face after every bite nice thing I
know you don't want stuff on your
facebook after every bite who needs to
wipe their face if you were to wipe your
face that for everybody okay what you
need to be doing is leaving this
restaurant was you
and getting a blood test okay because
you just might be a hyena like well like
person B will eat pizza nachos and
chicken wings the knife and fork because
apparently using your hands is impolite
and rude and on the glass since when how
was that use the thing right I had so
many gentlemen grab my effing booty but
then eat pizza with a knife and fork and
I'm like you know what your manners are
like my cold cheese no consistency the
moral of the story is where the heck is
the waitress at on my a P number five
the fit
fatty that sounds like should be already
sun-baked fucking fit fit potty
yeah yeah yeah yeah baby oh yeah
what if it fuck yeah we all have that
one annoying friend that we all secretly
lo because they can eat an entire
buffing table but still look amazing
these people come in two forms number
one this skinny friend I'm talking your
friend that's so skinny they have to run
around in the shower to get wet
yeah when you go on to eat they'll eat a
double cheeseburger side of fries sign
up onion rings milkshake finish my pasta
and then have some dessert like
literally where does this go but where
is your stomach the Bermuda Triangle
where's all the food disappeared you
know that would explain how all those
airplanes full of food disappeared when
you're younger or number two the super
tank must be a friend that will need 20
pounds of food and I just don't get it
how are you eating these cheesy nachos
let's still have six pack AB because to
be honest it looks like a cook could
have graded the cheese on your ass Casca
what also in addition how come when I
eat nachos it doesn't have the same
effect this is like hello hello God yeah
sorry
hi search interrupt you I know you're
editing your prank video but um I think
my nacho to muscle converter is broken
my body yeah I think it's set to fat
right now so I just wanted to get some
tech support all that hmm hmm what's
that
unplug for five seconds honestly how
both of you people trip at least once a
day because the rest of your life is not
fair and I hate you what's that
what's up Oh work out every day that's
why okay this is my video and my ram
will you shut your dirty mouth also in
reference to this entire video what up
t-shirt reference anyways yeah well you
enjoyed that video if you did please
give a thumbs up because this stuff
makes me happy I like when you click the
thumbs up or I mean if you didn't like
it you can go to thumbs down I just like
your feedback comment blow letting you
know what type of Peter are you do you
know these types of people is just me
and I'll bone are now you can check out
my last video right there it's called
how to get your crush to like you
featuring Caspar Lee my second wall
channel which is separate from this one
I upload daily blog and right over this
you can check that on subscribe you go
subscribe to this channel cuz I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday also
very exciting I will be up with a
Seattle in two days so I promise in
Seattle I will see you there until next
time one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop
