this video is your cousin get ready to
relate what everyone is a girl
superwoman
I'm gonna be real with you I don't
really argue with my parents a lot you
know mostly because like I tried my best
to not be home and then also because
then I moved to another country but the
times that do argue with them I feel
like it's the same script over and over
again it's literally final destination 1
2 3 4 5 because I'm trying to escape
death every single time now there are
certain things like parents always do /
say during an argument and I have
narrowed it down to six key elements and
if you use these six key elements you
too can argue like a parent not to begin
with usually an argument with your
parents begins with you having a great
day until you remember that your parents
can't allow that
I am absolute um our role I am a soldier
I am a foreign I am better and best I am
Valerie I am care why the bloody hell
you wake up so late huh good morning to
you too mom
this morning it's ready 2 p.m. what it's
11 a.m.
exactly my stop bloody late huh because
it's Saturday god that's what people do
on the weekends and why is it even
bothering you 80% of the communication
that happens during an argument with
your parents is your parents facial
expressions there are very few things
scarier than your mom or dad giving you
the look oh you know the look the look
that scary intimidating bone-chilling
stare that makes pee trickle down your
leg the look is basically a down payment
okay because son who's about to get um
you know that boat that's all like
sticks and stones I break my bones but
words will never hurt me
yeah the words following the look okay
gonna hurt you okay these worse about to
shatter your kidneys bra okay you won't
be pissing out of your bellybutton budge
that one those sound physics people
going sightseeing today pictures of
ready you okay because you look like a
faggot you go don't pennies at you and
wish for things that's how much these
words about to her because the look is a
death stare your parents give you as
they formulate a plan to destroy you to
fact your mother's death stare probably
cause the pandas to become extinct okay
the arpanet even extinct ana-lucia
tennis oh no wait no they're not Kung Fu
Panda 3 like just came up what you say
to me I said why is it even bothering
you if I sleep in I mean it's my sleep
my day my bed okay when he's in my
bloody house what's your point
what am i point I tell you my point okay
my point I don't want more lazy
bummer like you waking up ready for p.m.
inside my house fine then I won't sleep
in your house okay bug juice my buddy we
see uh-huh don't eat my food
don't use my electricity you see honest
electricity you don't use you start
paying me rent okay look this girl look
how she's speaking to me do so bloody
ungrateful okay I just buy you new bike
last week dad that was like 20 years ago
huh
Bunty here I just buy for you it had
training wheels okay okay but who teach
you how to ride that one huh who buy you
fauna Danny daddy don't let go please
daddy don't
don't wait one second okay who care you
9-month invited ready poopoo I remember
that time you fell inside toilet who
pick you up without fail every single
time I argue with my parents they will
bring up everything they have ever done
or bought from and there is no time
limit on these purchases oh what's that
your dad bought you a teddy bear no girl
be prepared to hear about it on your
wedding day okay just like oh my god I
can't believe my little girl all grown
up okay I feel like just last week I buy
her teddy bear like that that was not a
teddy bear it was a gremlin it's been a
while you just need to make like else on
just let it go and I know what you're
thinking I know what you're thinking
because you're a smart person do you
think you like me you're like yo I'll
just do the same thing back because I
I've done a lot of things from my
parents so then you pull one of these oh
yeah okay well remember the time I fixed
the printer for you and dad what about
the time I hooked up your iPad to the
Wi-Fi oh and let's not forget mom the
time I made you a facebook profile and
I'm sure by now you realize that those
statements don't work the same the other
way around
fix a printer for you hook up your iPad
make Facebook account huh
you're just repeating everything I'm
saying but in a different tone different
tone repeating what I'm saying did you
even hear what I said
because I made the same point that you
made same point you made stop
I feel like if any valid point is made
by a child a parent can simply not
accept it and so what they do is they
just repeat what their child is saying
sarcastically and in a very different
tone and that tone is basically saying
okay what you're saying is so ridiculous
so I'm basically just mocking what
you're saying even though what the kid
is saying is actually genius and
completely warranted it's like when
you're arguing with your boyfriend or
girlfriend and they make a really good
point you're like god dammit that was
good but instead of admitting it you're
just like yeah okay whatever me but you
know you're properly bloody lazy okay
you always sleeping in you know how many
other kid I know waking up early always
doing work that's right that's it look
that guy Justin Bieber look at him he's
so nice everybody loves Justin Bieber
now why can't you do like this you want
me to be Justin Bieber or you listen to
me listen to me okay you know what Trump
Clinton Bernie all have in common huh
what they're they all believers hottest
like today everybody is believer okay
Bieber's represent haha that's right
that's right you know who has those two
boys but then him on Ellen
those two boy but I Daniel hot Daniel
you see Daniel two boys famous you know
why because they're driving while two
vans white you can't do this kind of
service it's like my parents have a
database full of people that are better
than me and like I get it if these
people held the world record for
earliest wake up time but they don't
it's very like people that are totally
irrelevant to the situation we're
talking about right now it's like they
got successful people in pokeballs okay
they wait for the right time is what
really slept in on a Saturday go doctor
cousin go you know jasmine a doctor now
you hear that doctor she doing surgery
what does this have to do with me waking
up late
also she doctor her surgeon she do both
okay and she lawyer that's right you
think she's sleeping
yeah probably he probably paying
operations you know that game practice
you know when I was younger I used to
wake up five o'clock in morning okay to
do housework
it could be Monday Tuesday or Wednesday
but that's not gonna stop your parents
from dropping that throwback Thursday in
the middle of your argument because it's
just not an argument unless your parents
bring back something from the past okay
reflecting on their childhood because
they were better than you obviously and
they had it so hard and you you're a
spoiled brat and for bonus points
they'll even reflect back to the time
they had children so they do Express the
extreme regret they have about that
decision I just wake up thirty four
o'clock in the morning okay
to walk to school in the betis know you
had school on Saturday no then I had to
leave two day early to get there for
Monday I wanted to be single mommy said
no I had four jobs she didn't even let
me take a singing class in school
just one second saw him hi hello Google
Maps how did I get into this
conversation could you could you please
direct me back to the point I don't know
why I have buddy kids I saw I could get
a 99% on a math test okay my mom would
punch her uterus in shame
okay listen woman it's not a big deal
okay I slept in late one day I work hard
every other day you how little sleep I
get I'm like stressed out about so many
things and you're making me feel that do
you think this is making me feel good
because it's not it's making me feel
horrible I get it I'm a bad kid you hate
me you right go back to sleep thank you
I know this just hotel for you I'm
honestly starting to think that my mom
has like a brand deal with Hilton every
damn argument my mom will drop this
hotel largish it's like you're in little
Wayne say young mula baby okay cuz you
hear it all the time is that future when
he says hmm-hmm and if it's not
specifically the whole town line it can
be any other line that makes you feel
very guilty no no we won't speak again
okay I am just a slave housekeeper no no
that's okay I am just here you know as a
trophy husband oh my god when you have
kids you I hope they don't treat you
like this okay when you have kids you're
gonna understand how God might don't
worry don't worry about us you just put
us in a retirement home that's okay mom
stop
huh mom but ma ma who's man I'm not mama
no I'm hotel staff Michael can you stop
what I happened you need more shampoo I
am so sorry oh I see you won't get the
lady checkup dumbhead and your hair they
look very ugly like this okay oh yeah
and what does your hair look like under
that yeah okay whatever what about the
timer put music on your iPod shuffle mom
okay that was like last week yo I hope
you enjoyed that video it did you know
what to do give it a big thumbs up let's
see how many thumbs up we can get I mean
I mean to be honest it's not like I'm
gonna get a prize if I get a certain
amount of thumbs upses I just think if
we gets a lot of thumbs ups it'll be
like a cool thing for us and like our
Familia you know so thumbs is up says
comment below letting you know can you
relate to what I'm saying or is this
just my parent please let me know you
can check out my last video right there
it just types of fans part to my second
blog channel is right there so make sure
you subscribe to that and yo I'm making
videos every Monday and Thursday so make
sure you subscribe
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
