give me my ring keyring kidding give me
my monkey do I love you
whatever wanted to girls super Alma and
yes so many who come did saying she's
not crossing your eyes anymore when she
does it that is intentional analyzes all
the time but I mean this for realsies
y'all have been requesting this video
for months and months and I've been
ignoring all of you for months and
months and here's why first of all using
the word fan as a little bit awkward for
me and also I don't want you to feel
like I'm making fun of you but then
after seeing all the requests i watch
the first one types of fans part one and
i literally laughed out loud because I'm
hilarious so like I get it so fine I'm
gonna do types of fan part two buffers
disclaimer disclaimer you know I love
you all I adore you you changed my life
I would never want to hurt you or offend
you so just remember that as I spend the
next few minutes utterly roasting you
number one the unintentional meanie now
I can't tell you how many times a
nervous fan has approached me and they
think they're being really sweet and
genuine
but really they're lowering my
self-esteem quicker than Rihanna's booty
in the work music video just like oh my
god superwoman I am such a huge fan of
yours
ah thank you yeah like when I first
started watching your videos I didn't
really like them but now I love them
okay well great
yeah I mean they were like really really
bad and like not funny at all mm-hmm mmm
did you did you wanna take a picture or
something yeah you said to all my
friends at school that you were a man
because you know you didn't do your
makeup well but then you got better
looking thank you yeah did you want to
pose for the picture or oh yeah also you
actually nothing like your videos yeah
you're really pretty I love you so much
appreciate it work work work work work
to me every work work work work work the
amount of times I've heard people say to
me oh my god you're actually look really
pretty in real life really makes me
question what the f kind of over I look
like every Monday and Thursday in my
videos is this like a known thing are
people watching my videos for different
reasons that I am unaware of like Here I
am
thinking I'm making comedy videos
meanwhile y'all sitting at home like hey
mom
come over here yeah shampoos back
the ocean this time she's wearing a
snapback am i ugly
is this a note am i ugly well I'm not
sorry this is my face
number two premature poser one of my
favorite people to meet literally the
most adorable like you should be a
snapchat filter open your mouth dammit I
expect a rainbow a premature poser is
the fab that approaches me and utter
excitement and then oh my god Superman Q
to yourself you know my do is then we
bust out of pose I'm talking about boss
pose rooms like crouching down bringing
on the squad goes and I'm posing after a
few seconds I realize like no one is
taking a picture of us so then I'm on
like hey who's gonna stick in the
picture and then they're all like oh my
god I'm so sorry yeah okay a random
stranger if you take this picture or the
best oh my god ask me the best is
whether we're posing just like squad I'm
like yo who's who's taking the picture
and the person's like for what oh oh no
I don't have a camera I'm sorry what nah
I don't have a camera I thought you had
the camera rah why are you approaching
me ask for a big job you ain't got a cat
why am i up here dropping this dudes
right here for what reason am I in a
protest and my ordering combo number
tool
I'm not playing rock paper scissors but
I'm just like directionally challenged
why you up in here orchestrating this
and the person's like oh my god I'm so
sorry yeah I'm nervous I forgot can you
just you just sign this for me and I'm
just like of course give me a pen oh I
don't have one I don't think you know
how this works
did you know sometimes people will
approach me in public settings like a
mall or restaurant and they'll come to
me like hey do you have like a picture
of yourself I can sign I'm just like
well why the F would I be carrying
around pictures of myself do I look like
I'm conceited do I look like I'm
self-absorbed no okay now please go away
so I can finish taking the selfie huh
sorry oh yes this is me on my shirt
number three
twat Prez what you just pop des pr√©s
plat no stop the almost fan every once
in a while I'll be out about and a fan
will approach me super excited why I
keep spitting on your face I'm so sorry
it's like new
tinkles I'm Elmo what they're talking
about
my leg is it G what's going on it's so
hot
Oh someone will approach me super
excited like a thousand percent fans
over with oh my god are you that girl on
youtube and then you know me I'll be all
gasp like yes that is correct that is I
oh my god I love you with wait what was
your name getting on something girl a
superwoman rubber right oh my god yeah i
watch all of your videos every Tuesday
and Wednesday really because I say my
name in the beginning of each one oh my
god yeah noodles videos roadman dip and
what is it pram tweet okay first of all
pram tweet sounds like you're British
baby started tweeting and listen I don't
mind if you're not a huge fan you still
want a picture with me it's okay I just
find it very amusing when you try to
convince me that you know a lot about me
you know why because me I I know a lot
about me and I'm gonna know you're lying
yeah I follow all of your posts like
what are you doing here in London oh
yeah I have a show today
yeah I've tweeted about it like every
single day what what why - oh I've been
on tour for like you know two months
tour with oh my god only so she got very
red wine all about the towards us a trip
to LA I trip - ostrich island
fake fake man you are a fake then okay
this was a hot summer day and you were
the only fan here I would die of
heatstroke number four crazed parents oh
do you want to know how to build a
successful army okay let me tell you you
don't need soldiers or tanks or weapons
all you need is a group of parents whose
kids are trying to meet me straight our
parents are the only reason I have
security I buy me angry it's not kind of
kids it's the parents okay cuz they can
be Cray as hell parents at my meeting
grades can be one of two types of people
number one the Royal Rumble parents
these parents will turn my
meet-and-greet into a Last Man Standing
type of environment okay there is a
system there is a line
watch me this person then this person
then this person there is a method but
this parent is this gonna be like oh no
we got to make our kid need to boom
right now immediately
because this is mission impossible this
meeting Greece will self-destruct in
five seconds
sobbing me in the studio over here like
of course we can take a selfie this
parrot over here is gonna be like Lily
Lily please this my darling take my
picture she love you so much and I was
like okay I'm sure you have one second
I'm just gonna meet the people ahead of
you over here ine cutie has gone really
pleased but Victor she W should watch
your bundle woman video all the time
okay I heard you I just I'm gonna do
these people first no and I'll be right
there
he has it coming Lily Lily give me one
picture fishy watching your video every
day on Netflix okay I heard you you Rita
keep repeating the same damn thing to me
my deal with this cute kid over here
okay you need it but Victor like oh my
god who invited Mordor into my mother
after me angry who do number two the
instant chill losers these will be the
parents that want their kids to meet me
but the second they actually meet me
they lose all chill and lose sight of
priorities highly oh my god - pleasure
to meet you this is actually my daughter
she loves your videos take a picture oh
you know I I actually love your vision
take a picture of Mommy and Superman get
over here
but mommy I want a picture with
superwoman young lady do you want a time
I'll take a picture mommy in super over
here goes let me see you see it's blurry
actually do better mommy I'm a mommy
actually walks away with one blurry
picture her mom is friggin uploading a
facebook album mama just went straight
Game of Thrones dogs actually I hope you
learned a valuable lesson today okay all
men must die
learn to hold your own I get jealous
when they see you with your mobile phone
damn - game of throwing references in
one video I have a problem bye go drink
some wine number 5 follow fanatics so I
didn't agree right and this wonderful
fan is waited two hours to meet me and
I'm so excited they're approaching me I
can feel I can feel the magic I'm
getting nervous like they're approaching
me I feel sparks flying they're about to
say something already know they're gonna
tell me everything they love about me
I'm gonna be trilling my hair all shy
and stuff the beautiful words will you
follow me on Twitter
let me get this straight you waited two
hours to meet me in real life not behind
the screen so that you could tell me to
follow you on a screen hi hello this
right here this is a real life yeah we
can hug we can shake hands we can have a
conversation we could be real people
yeah
do you know how much Pinocchio and
Little Mermaid wanted what we have
the best type of follow fanatics are
people who write me notes because I
opened an order like hey follow me on
Twitter Instagram and snapchat here's my
username Thanks well you should write
home our greeting card look at this ok
honestly yeah you'd read the script for
the notebook is honestly this is
literature have you forgotten everything
you learned about the hamburger model in
English class ok bun stuffing middle
lettuce
meats tomatoes fellow concluding bun
hello if this note was a hamburger I
would starve today or they write a
letter instead of signing their name
they sign their Twitter handle I'm just
like Dahl says why this signing your
Twitter handle the same as signing your
name could you imagine being in school
and handing in an essay with your
Twitter handle and teachers just like oh
the highest mark goes to at believer
4:11 huh you right there could you just
put this in your iCal if that ever
becomes a reality shoot me in my eyeball
litter literally death of a pupil
because the stupid pupils shoot me if I
was your teacher I would send you
straight to ESL ok because English is
clearly not your first language you know
what is means one does not simply write
their Twitter handle at the bottom of a
letter oh you wrote your Twitter handle
in this heartfelt letter I'm sure you're
a big fan number six six damn it had one
job six trying to think of the way to
make it a tea and a flick on a test when
it's trying to I'm trying to be true and
false I can make it six and like number
six compassionate attackers at least
four times during every meet-and-greet I
will be compassionately attacked by a
fan who charges towards me hugs me
knocks the breath right out of me almost
kills me but kind of also loves me an
important specific fact every time this
happened the person hugs me the backing
of my earring the stick part will stab
my neck and true story after every
single me angry I have dried blood
behind my ear this is a real thing that
happens back calm down this is the mean
we drop football game because is a
football game I know nothing about that
sports oh please not make me participate
in the Super Bowl here's like a
hurricane
patiently waiting in line as soon as
they get closer like dogs are running
crap they know it's the wrong oh my god
I'm a big fan of you so I'm gonna
suffocate you maybe kill you but you
know what I got you these skittles and
I'm just like hoping shoes thank you
thank you so much
I hope these kiddos are from
mother-effing Tuck Everlasting because
if not I know how to go and revive my
corpse right huh if I wanted to be
suffocated I would walk into a family
party and bring up the topic of marriage
if I wanted to be suffocated I would
have a boyfriend right now and say hey I
think we should talk about our feelings
but I don't I'm not doing that and I
know you love me but I also love my ribs
so pretty nice y'all are crazy effing
unicorns and I adore your faces hope you
enjoyed that video I'm not gonna lie out
it opens like that it's just awkward to
make fun of you but you wanted it so
give it a thumbs up and stuff comment
below letting me know if you have ever
met me and how that experience was if
you've met anyone else that you kind of
think is cool which I don't know if I
fall into that category but comment
below and let me know you can check out
my last video right over there it is
called oh my honest Q&A my second vlog
channel is right there also in just a
couple hours look my watch my watch is
the a CTU I live stream on my channel it
is happening at 4:00 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time on the 5th which is like
depending on where you are tomorrow or
today time zone which means all I gotta
do is grab yourself a copy of ATT UI we
can watch it together you can hear all
my live commentary and all the fields
it's gonna be like for a global family
watching the movie together all the
information for that is in the
description so make sure you do that in
a few hours from now
oh my god the pressure the pressure but
you know it's not full of pressure
clicking subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday well I
love superwoman that is a wrap
Oh
