whatever when it's a girl's new Pullman
and I would be honest I am kind of dying
if you've been following my vlogs you
know I haven't been feeling too good and
I'm having a lot of trouble doing this
very complicated task called
breathing just can't breathe I'm working
on it I'm trying to get better and then
trying to get better I'm working on it
I'm trying to get better but I am just
feeling a little bit under the weather
right now and I'm feeling a little bit
lightheaded and dizzy I still want to
post a video though so I'm gonna do
something that I hate doing which is to
anaise I'm not a fan of Q&A I don't ever
want this channel to be about me and you
have to like know me to care about it
you know I just happy but I'm gonna make
a little bit different kind I'm not
really sort it just listen I feel like
every time people do q and A's the
questions are kind of similar and
they're about would you rather have
breasts for feet or feet for breasts and
things like that so I've decided to
answer all those questions that um I
guess most people avoid a que me I avoid
these questions so this is gonna be the
most honest Q&A ever every answer I'm
about to say is 1,000% honest and you
know that means there's a lot of
questions about boys and the sexing and
the body parts and the it's the Internet
shall we begin let's do it would you
have sex with two people at the same
time first of all hi mom enjoy this
video um I'd like to say never never say
never I don't know if I would right now
at this moment I wouldn't um having sex
with two people kind of stresses me up
because I don't even think having sex
with one person isn't awkward enough for
me to be honest how many boyfriends have
I had and when was my first kiss oh okay
hold on it um what was it what counts as
a boyfriend though if we're gonna go to
like you know we got a boyfriend great
do does that count I'm gonna I'm gonna
use my judgment here hmm I have four
four serious relationships and my first
kiss was a grade eight grade nine I
initiated it that I'm that person most
commonly asked question are you a virgin
I don't know what it is why is everyone
so curious about everyone else's sex
life is just like the weirdest crap to
me that I get asked this question
all the time and I used to be like super
embarrassed answers question because I
was a coon know I'm like you know kay I
grew up in like an Indian community and
an Indian family where anything related
this topic is very awkward
so it's embedded into my personality and
you time I'm around people talk about
sex I'm like that's me if you really
want to know I don't care I am a virgin
I don't give any type of F I used to be
so concerned before that people would
virgin shave me and I wouldn't be cool
and Here I am being unapologetically
myself and I don't give an F if I'm
cooler up you guys is who I am I'm a
virgin I am 27 I'm a virgin I don't give
enough I've not met anyone yet that I
wanted to have sex with that's my choice
so now you know go make a meme about it
how's that for honesty ohne be proud of
your decisions and who you are you can
whether you're verge or not that's your
choice and you're cool either way are
you dating anyone
I am truthfully not dating anyone right
now as your hair ever fallen in the
toilet on accident oh I don't think my
hair's ever falling toy but I will say
yeah my hair can get some pretty weird
places when I sit I sit on my hair my
hair has gotten stuck in my butt crack
in the shower you have long hair I'm
sure you can relate to that my hair is
long
it passes my mud it's gonna happen it's
I mean I'm in the shower so it's clean
so you know what else do you hear that
because that sound it's all the people
watching this video realizing how weird
I am and unsubscribing I'm you know you
know thanks for being here what happened
with your past boyfriend I know the
right answer has to be like oh you know
it didn't work out and it was a douche
I'm not gonna say any of that I'm gonna
be honest and say we were super
different people um he's wonderful and
the real answer is I'm just a bad
girlfriend I'm not in a place in my life
where I can be a good girlfriend right
now and be in a relationship so that's
what happened I just I'm bad at
relationships right now and we were way
too different and he's a great person
hey you have a kissed a girl yes I have
kissed a girl um me and my girlfriend's
have drunkenly kissed many times and
sometimes when I'm in the club and I'm
feeling the song and I had one for me to
kill the shots my god I love I've kissed
a girl and and I liked it the taste of
hurt
read chapstick that's not even the right
tune name and then come to my oxygen
did you pee in a pool ah in my memory
currently I don't think I've ever holy
crap I'm dizzy okay I'm gonna just bring
this chair over here and lean on it
hello I don't think I've ever peed in a
pool to my knowledge but I peed in like
at a beach yeah they've been so many
times our to pee at a beach and I'm like
I'm gonna pee in the ocean and that's
why there hasn't been a little mermaid
sequel I'm so sorry I killed her with my
piss will you be coming to Texas any
time soon I literally just included this
question because I'm going to Texas in
one day for Wrestlemania so I would also
like to point out I'm not trying to be
dramatic
being sick making a video like I wanted
to make a video this is not me being
like oh oh my god I'm the most dedicated
youtuber ever I'm sick and making a
video note like just shut up Lloyd next
question do you Netflix and chill up I
have a very hard time hooking up with
people as I mentioned I'm very sexually
awkward I mean yeah I like I would like
to sometimes but will I ever initiate
that probably not um
I think I've only ever kissed someone
that I didn't know too well like twice
in my entire life and I felt guilty
about it for like weeks after that so
would I Netflix and chill probably not
unless it was like genuinely
Netflix and chilling though I just
started watching fuller house I watched
it all in two days so you down with that
kind of binge watching we can be friends
what do you do with the gifts that fans
give you and again this is an honest
Tunis and I tell you I always have three
piles
when I get gifts at any meet-and-greet
one is take home one is donate and one
admittedly is throwing away and I'm
gonna explain to you why I get a lot of
food I can't put food in the suitcase or
travel with it so I'll eat as much as I
can if it's safe to eat and the rest I
do have to throw away unfortunately I'm
sorry that's me being honest I do donate
the things I get multiple of I get a lot
of the same types of teddy bears and I
feel like other people in the world
might enjoy that stuff more than me and
I feel like if you're one of my fans you
won't mind helping out other people
because that's what team super believes
in and in the take I have paid heavy
suitcase fees all my life because of the
amount of stuff I take back home so
that's what I do with bang gifts I'm so
close to the camera why alright the
chair favorite tampon bread if you watch
my vlogs you know I don't wear tampons
aware pads tampons Jeremy refer to
Indian community growing up in Oakland
how long have you been single I
I've been single for a year and two
months you just like any youtubers no
need to name them I would never name
them I would never bash another person
in one of my videos um I can't think of
any youtubers i dislike strongly other
youtubers i don't necessarily agree with
um yeah laughs I see a lot of content
I'm like no no no but you know what I
just keep that to myself because promote
what Jill um don't bash what you hate if
you had a million dollars what would you
do with it uh well I have a million
dollars and I don't do anything
differently I $0.99 mac and cheese every
day I'm wearing the same sweatpants I've
been wearing this wet pad for entire
week and I over X everywhere honestly
everyone seems to be so captivated by
youtubers and money and I've heard so
many articles on myself and how much
money I make and all that stuff and
honestly money is the result of what I
do when I started making videos it was
to be happy it wasn't to make money so
it doesn't really change a lot of what I
do
to be honest I'm cheap as hell that's
right it's probably why I have a million
dollars how can i watch eighty two UI
for free the answer for that is that you
shouldn't want to that movie costs so
much money to make its a movie when you
go to the theaters you pay to watch
movies my videos are free every Monday
and Thursday that movie can't be free it
cost hundreds and thousands of dollars
to make do you stock Instagram accounts
yes I stock a lot of you I stalk my exes
sometimes I stalk some people that have
hurt my feelings and I stalk my friends
I'm going to talk everyone why is humble
the only guy friend you will share a bed
with if you don't know humbles my friend
he's staying with me right now I'm
sometimes we share about at hotels he's
not I've shared a bed with many of my
other guy friends I don't think sharing
a bed is a big deal you're just sleeping
it depends what to do in the bed I'm
just sleeping next one my guy friends I
don't think that's a big deal have you
ever been in a relationship with someone
we know probably have you ever had a
crush on a youtuber and who I can
genuinely say I've never had like a
really serious crush on a youtuber
because you're just so busy you barely
get a chance to hang out with them and
get to know them but I will say every
time I have filmed this skit with Yusuf
and it was required me to touch his body
and muscles I would be lying if I did
say I was like this is a skit you can't
lick his arm yeah you can tweet him I
said that use it I'll be expecting your
text shortly and that's all the
questions I know this was a Q&A and my
challenges when we do this like I said I
hope you enjoyed the honesty of it oh my
god why is everything spinning Yahoo if
you enjoyed that video give it a big
thumbs up if you didn't I usually make
comedy videos rents and skits and I'm
gonna just sit down real quick because
I'm dying yeah I usually make skits and
rants and if you want to see those
please subscribe to my channel I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday my
last videos right over there it's called
technology's making a stupid that's a
good example of the videos I usually
make my second blog channel is right
there I will be I'm gonna go fix myself
and I will be back with my comedy videos
on Monday apologies again for this
comment below letting me know if you
hated it or what chill if you liked it
did you what did you think what did you
think of this video tell me please
validate me other than that I love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
