technology is making us stupid and by us
I mean me mostly I am said stupid person
whatever wanted to girl superwoman so
the other day I walk into my building
and there's a girl sitting there she's
like hey you have an iPhone 6 charger
because I'm stranded and my first
thought is yeah okay you're better off
asking me for my firstborn child and my
second thought is girl if you're
stranded why don't you walk into any one
of these six establishments surrounding
us and use their phone and then she's
all like because I don't know anyone's
number and I'm like girl you're wack
you're crazy
you stole part and you're literally me
me me AF Sony that I faced walk with a
picture of myself remembers back in the
day when we used to like know things
like know them with our brain yeah me
neither I mean I'm sure that was a time
though I'm sure somewhere in my iCal
technology is making me stupid in the
following ways number one numbers now
I'm talking phone numbers dates
birthdays I know none of them straight
up of those an emergency and my phone
was dead I would find the nearest
payphone K somehow find a quarter who
has changed these names by the way and I
would die like 9 1 2 because I literally
don't know any important number hello
I'm talking my closest friends like
friends I've known for 20 years I don't
even know which digit their phone number
begins with hello I don't even know the
area code their number starts with you
know guru Christmas song like I've got
homes in different area codes I would
never be able to sing that because for
all I know
I got tools in the same area code and
then I would sing and just sound
ridiculous if you gave me four numbers
to choose from that were completely
different instead choose the one that is
your best friends I would have to use
all of my lifelines except for phoning a
friend because I wouldn't know their
number hello love me really okay my
phone dies the sad reality is that for
those 20 minutes we can't be friends
because I have zero ways to communicate
with you girls tramp I know we're best
friends okay I know when you get your
period ok I know what your debit PIN is
I know why you're wearing a turtleneck
get nasty I know just shoe sizes and
sneakers and in heels but girl I do not
know your phone number okay wait I do
have like my mom's number memorized
obviously okay that was her Mother's Day
gift but like I can't recite it if you
ask me for it
if you said to me right now tell me your
number I would be like three because I
can't just tie I would have to look at a
phone keypad and then only my finger
would go on autopilot and dial it isn't
that apt up back in the days of
everyone's number memorized okay at
Facebook I used to know people's
birthdays in my brain it was a bucket in
my brain labeled people's birthdays but
now that bucket has been renamed to Game
of Thrones characters hey why do Twitter
and Game of Thrones have in common they
both have like 140 characters you get it
the point I'm trying to make is that
your birthday has been replaced with Jon
Snow and you like to be honest that's a
sacrifice I was happy to make but
honestly don't feel bad because I don't
remember dates for anything
by the way April 24th season six starts
items a weird word
all men must die thank God from a
vajayjay number two directions you are
literally looking at the most
directionally challenged person I'm
right here behind you I could not be
more honest when I say if I can't use my
GPS to get somewhere I simply do not go
I use my GPS for everything
oh what's that you want me to come to
your house that I've been to 50 times
that is literally two blocks away from
where I live
great well the GPS says I'll be there in
three minutes see you then
you expect me to make a left turn on my
own at a specific spot what am i a
wizard everything is not what it seems
to do doo doo doo ah my heart and being
so relying on a GPS has somehow made me
worse at directions so story I'm the
type of person that will get lost in
buildings like hotels I get lost all of
the time I would literally walk out of
my room and walk the opposite direction
from the elevators and end up in like a
janitor's room I don't know what's wrong
with me I had this habit where if I
don't know where I'm going I'll just
keep turning right it's a real problem I
say if I ever go missing
don't even bother gathering a search
party just take one person to the last
place I was seen turn right a few times
and for sure you'll see me there crying
with a dead phone like mama D I'm a
stupid idiot even in video games like
double-oh-seven as soon as the game
starts turn right you will find me there
attempting to turn right again just
shoot me in the head and if you want to
avoid my mind's just go left I'm a
stupid person I don't know what it is
and even when my GPS does give me
directions the amount of times I still
miss a turn or like blatantly dull
listen to it it's alarming it is
actually alarming like this GPS might as
well be my dad telling me to go to law
school cuz I'm just like I can't hear
you we'll go straight right exit you
don't tell me what to do
and then after I make the wrong turn the
street signs always do this cute thing
where they're like no you turn it on my
adorable in my defense when you say keep
right then turn left when exactly is
then okay it's not me it's the bloody
system number three Google Google isn't
just a search engine not okay Google is
a part of my daily conversation
literally a word I use every single day
because you could ask me anything I mean
anything and my response is always going
to be I'll google it I mean I couldn't
just use my brain and think about it but
what is this 1999 without uses their
brain when you can Google something so I
recently moved from Toronto to LA and in
Toronto we talked about weather in
Celsius and in LA they use Fahrenheit so
inevitably every time in a conversation
we talk about weather obviously because
we're being fake and real friends don't
talk about the drought so we start
talking about weather and every single
time they have no idea what I'm talking
about so every single time I would put
my phone with let me just google it I
could just memorize what the math is
because I'm sure it's quite simple to
convert but no I google it every single
time every day every conversation well
you're that famous saying that's like oh
by a man efficient he will eat once
teach a man to fish and he will eat a
lifetime firstly why can't a woman fish
second I would be buying the fish that
would be me buying the fish every day
okay from the target that I googled and
I GPS directions to me I'm coming at
what the hell wants to fish these days
up with Nemo and Dory you know I'm
emotionally attached to these fish okay
I'm trying to murder my friends you know
making a murder ain't nobody offered me
no Netflix series I'm weird right I feel
like I feel like I'm weird in this video
I feel like I'm weird right I feel I
feel like I'm weird now whatever I'm
normal yo don't touch my unicorn I'm
fine
number four spelling once upon a time I
swear to God I knew how to spell certain
things but now spellcheck is like the
parachute in the sky
dive that is the English language
because today I have a type of person
that is so far from the correct spelling
of a word that even spellcheck has no
suggestions straight up spellcheck just
looks at my letters it was like what
alone no suggestion just a red squiggly
line and then I have to enter the
incorrect spelling into Google please
refer to 0.3 in this video hoping that
Google will be like ah did you mean so
I'll go to google and type in like sh e
d oo l and Google will be like didja
means schedule
yeah effin idiot you're moron who
learned in you to speak English just
stupid for and you might be thinking I'm
talking about that one time I did that
but no no this is a daily occurrence
I went on texting people I don't even
try to spell a word correctly because I
know
autocorrect got my back okay so I just
kind of slam the keypad in the general
area of the letters I need so if I have
to smell like tomorrow black t mo y RR w
and I guess tomorrow and can I just tell
you that the times this doesn't work I
am literally enraged let me get this
straight a thousand dollars on an iPhone
and you can't spell for me on top of
that it takes like five apps to turn a
video into square xeu okay f you e SS q
you anyways I'm an idiot
do me a favor hug yourself if you at any
point today saw someone post on
Instagram about turning on their
notifications yeah that's another stupid
thing technology makes us do like hey
not only do I want to take a picture of
my lunch but but I want you to be
notified when I do so because I cannot
imagine you live in your day to the
fullest potential if you didn't see my
cheesecake we're such stupid idiots but
I just think if you do want to turn on
notifications I'll give you directions
on how to do that is open up your phone
and turn right and then rate again yo
hope you enjoyed that video if you did
please give the thumbs up and let's see
how many thumbs upses we
yeah comment below and let me know if
your groups what I'm saying or am I the
only idiot that does this stuff you can
check out my last video right there it's
called if youtubers were teachers my
second vlog channels right there if your
are full and the annotations don't work
don't worry I'll also put the links in
the description if you are on your phone
and you want to watch my last video you
can click the I in the corner of the
screen and I'll take you there it works
on mobile because technology make sure
you subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and I'd love
for you to be there I hope you're having
a great fantastic day
send me positive vibes one love
superwoman that is a wrap I hit my chin
and wait where do I go I'll be right
