where in the world is superwoman today a
Mumbai India what everyone it's a girl
superwoman and every once in a while I
get a tweet from you lovelies being like
today my teacher showed your video in
class and that always makes me feel
super thrilled and honored but also like
super confused because what the f was
that lesson about hello class and
welcome to career counselling 101 now
today we're going to evaluate all of
your career options for those of you
pursuing a career in psychology your
career options are youtuber liner any
questions yes kitty I'm totally kidding
real talk though don't stress if you are
getting a degree in psychology you can
totally use your degree to become a
sales associate and that got me thinking
what if youtubers were teachers I mean
like what if we taught school classes
and you our viewers where are students I
mean we're already really good at q and
A's so let's make like Columbus and
explore the situation first of all our
class attendance would be awesome
because think about it we can get people
to watch our videos we can definitely
get people to attend our class
welcome to oh my god there's a snake
inside me
this is gonna be so awesome and in this
class we're going to learn all about
biology weight biology I thought we were
gonna see a snake inside of you yes
correct
there is a snake inside of me it's
called my intestine so technically I
didn't love and I'm going to teach you
all about it wait where's the snake I
want to see the snake that's what the
class description said you won't believe
your eyes you said there's a huge snake
yes there's a large intestine and a
small intestine oh why did I take this
class at what time does she actually
show
clickbait for days welcome to how to
make her your queen chess club
welcome - you won't believe what's
inside her booty Anatomy welcome to one
direction chaos history although I guess
that one's accurate now don't you don't
shoot I'm sorry I'm sorry and I'm pretty
sure youtubers would have a really
unique way of teaching things diagrams
note-taking now group projects ever
group Roger hey why I hate group ROG is
one so Tim could lower and Tim can get
an a fu Tim Tim fu I might have been Tim
this is how youtubers would teach things
oMG I have never been reserved in a
class good morning class that's your
teacher missing and I'm so excited
because today look at it it's me Mr
Sanders for next doors history class and
if you don't know Mr Sanders is what are
you doing you gotta check out his
history classes I'm gonna put his room
number on the board oh thank you oh so
good to see you
yeah I know right so do I know uh who is
that Oh
faves first I totally ship it today
we're going to do about sex education
with the condom challenge what I'm going
to do is fill four condom with water and
then drop a Mr Sanders head to show you
exactly how strong a condom really is
I'm so nervous like no idea what's gonna
happen
are you ready mr. Sanders I'm ready
that's why I want everyone to stop and
tag someone that you might think to hook
up with um miss I thought condoms went
on the other head leave a comment cake
all the staff member collabs and as a
challenge for every subject world
studies accent challenge visual arts
pancake art challenge chemistry die coke
and mentos challenge drama class
cinnamon challenge or let's be real any
other challenge where people eat food
even if it's completely normal but there
isn't a challenge for a certain class
lighten trippin we have other ways are a
class today we're gonna do a fun
experiment I need everyone to walk onto
the hallway and pretend you're having a
heart attack what kind of experiment is
this a social experiment and their final
mark you're all gonna have to complete a
project what kind of project what does
it do what is this involve can't tell
you that it's a secret project
and to be honest youtubers would be
really good teachers I mean we're really
good at creating safe spaces where
everyone feels welcome and comfortable
well most of the time all right class I
finished mapping your tests and I'm
gonna be honest I was pretty
disappointed I'm not going to mention
any names or make a scene because I
don't want anyone to feel uncomfortable
but I'm about the hand that beats tests
right now if somebody don't want to play
pool with somebody here feeling yeah
yeah you feel look at the seconds you're
at body feel the tunes are gonna tell me
but they're they're gonna kill us
your parents are gonna kill it look at
that look at her all right everybody
open up to page three youtubers would
give their students the best books to
read because we know what's cool and we
know what students like to read and
what's educational okay but we also know
how broke some teachers could be all
right classify homework I'm gonna need
you to read chapters one through five of
our new class novel Brendan if you don't
have time to read those chapters I get
it wait what no I understand sometimes
you'll have the time in a day to hold a
book open the book read the book less
time for that right she's serious yeah
you know what you should do instead you
should listen to the book and I know
thinking miss how do we do that we'll
don't worry I got you you should visit
audible.com that has all the latest
audiobooks in fact oh my god stop it
already
yeah we'd be the best teachers ever yeah
I hope you enjoyed that video if you did
you know what to do give it a big thumbs
up sushi cause I'm sick and dying and I
mean the video anyways and I sound like
a stupid person in it because of my
watch and anyways so I think you should
put the thumb says if anyone only why
you're happy I guess
subscribe and let me know what your
favorite part of the video is you want
to check my last video it is right there
is called things people say to
vegetarians my vlogs are right over
there and I'm in India so they're pretty
cool check them up you know also
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and there's they're also
exciting news our first feature film a
trip to unicorn Island is now available
and so many more
country's all countries are in the
description so if you haven't seen it
yet now's the time the time is now go
check it out all the links are in the
description what I love superwoman that
is a wrap and good hummus yeah ok
everything more like you black out a
condom collar
