wait you're vegetarian really like where
do you get your protein from Wow
I could never do it it's like what do
you eat oh don't you drink alcohol how
can you be a vegetarian
wait you don't bacon so wait do you eat
eggs what do you believe in abortion
yeah we've got lots of vegetarian
options we've got this great salad yeah
I was a vegetarian once for like two
days
yep anything marked with a V so we got
these you've got this great salad but
you eat fish right with fish isn't meat
fish or living things
mmm and we can make any of the pastas
vegetarian except that one and that one
and that one right there
so you don't eat lobster either what
about shrimp
what about crap no unfortunately we
can't take out the chicken yeah it's
pretty mixed oh my god I'm vegetarian
too well except I eat chicken I'll take
the chicken I'm a vegetarian too on
Tuesdays and Thursdays so the grilled
chicken pasta is $19.99 and you wanted
no chicken so that's $19.99 is it
because you're Hindi what's that you
want to walk
that'd be three dollars extra I have
another friend who's in blue Julia
chilli meep limo
chickens being sacred no not at all
don't worry about it I have a friend
she's handy to wear with a little plans
I mean aren't you killing plans I'm sure
you don't want some SHhhh I don't want
some what if you love living things so
much then what about killing plants oh
wait can I eat meat in front of you
picking an apple off a tree is like
basically the same as ripping an arm up
an animal I mean this is basically like
apple picking
it's like would you eat meat for $100
don't you miss real food what about
$1,000 but what about one
million dollars I know I read an article
that was like people that are vegetarian
are 10 times more likely to that what if
you were trapping an island and the only
option was that unanimous what if your
sister was held at gunpoint and the only
way to save her was to eat a pork chop
would you eat a pork chop
listen there's a food chain for a reason
Naomi it's already dead so if you're not
eating it doesn't boil yet so when you
have kids are they gonna be vegetarian
too oh okay and for the vegetarian you
wanted the three cheese tortellini oh
but that has cheese in it is that okay
what if your husband eats meat would you
cook the meat got it got it must be
because you're Hindi just kidding
they're vegan chicken wings and they're
okay I hope you enjoyed that video if
you did get a big thumbs up make sure
you comment below letting me out are you
vegetarian I not do you make fun your
friends do you
is this something you do you check out
my last video right there it's about
getting your driver's license and my
blogs are right there because I'm in
India right now and it's a blast you
should subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
so
