we wait before you even watch this video
take a moment to pause close your eyes
reflect you have so much to be grateful
for you should smile whatever wanted to
girl superwoman and getting your
driver's license is a really big deal
getting your driver's license means
you're capable enough to operate one big
metal box that could potentially run
into other metal boxes and yo that's
Talent
I remember the day I turned 16 I rushed
to get my driver's license and not to
brag or anything but I passed every
single test the first time which means
I'm basically qualified to be in every
single Fast & Furious movie as long as
it doesn't involve parking that's been
real okay everybody learns how to
parallel park for the test then after
that and you realize you absolutely suck
at it one complete turn quarter turn
three quarter turn this ain't nobody
remember that crap it's like when you
used to learn things for your history
test but you forget it right after let's
ask me when World War five was because I
have no idea but don't stress because
I'm about to tell you how you too can
get your driver's license number one
believe it or not when you go for a
drivers test you actually need a car and
not just a car a functional car that
means your car with the brace that don't
really work in the side mirror that
busted in the huge cracks off the
windshield yeah not that car which by
the way your windshield is not your
iPhone screen okay you need to get that
ish fixed and stop driving around like a
hot mess
also Millennials there is no substitute
for this car just doesn't count huh no
that's not a car what about now you must
make vines vines I went to university I
clearly make youtube videos number two
once you obtain this car you want to be
friend of the car okay you want the car
to listen to you listen to me Sam baby
baby listen to me okay you're not gonna
hit any pedestrians today no matter how
slow they walk okay and you ain't gonna
wind up on no kerb today I know you've
been single for a while Scion listen to
me baby I know you've been single for a
while okay and those curves you're
looking hella fine but not today
that's right two seconds stop and every
stops and I'm not talking Mississippi
seconds okay we're in this together
by you so much Donald I don't know about
you but growing up the ultimate bribe my
parents could give me was offering me
McDonald's Lily if you behave I buy you
McDonald's I swear to god a Happy Meals
are the only reason I went to school is
good will horn uh Paula Paula let me get
this straight
you're telling me that all I have to do
is walk into that building and learn
something and in exchange you're gonna
get me four nuggets and deploy out of my
way woman number three now that you're
friends with your car you need to
befriend the person that is actually
testing you hi my name is Lily and I'm
so thrilled that you're testing me today
oh here's a gift card to a spa my name
is Steve Aoki oh wait
Steve okay oh my god what a great name
was like people don't have to ask you
how you are because your name already
tells them it's Aoki what a unique name
what is is that polish this Japanese
it's a oaky amazing okay listen I want
to have a great time mister okay so I'm
gonna play some music
y'all got to wish Timbo's to pay I hate
that kind of music that EDM what about
you number four now you want to impress
the person who's testing you with how
safe you are on the road and the only
way to do that is to over communicate
every safe thing you're doing it's kind
of like when you're taking a science
test but all the things you memorize are
not on the test you know you're like wow
I have all the extra knowledge that I
feel you should know I know
for example if a science question asks
what's the difference between red and
white blood cells your response should
be they're different colors also neurons
communicate through neurotransmitters
they basically set neurotransmitters
from the pre synaptic vesical to the
post synaptic vesicle also saturn has
rings your anus also has rings I bet you
Jupiter like Uranus so he put a ring on
it please give me a name nailing it
please reverse here okay got it I'm
gonna reverse right now with my seatbelt
on okay Oh checking my rear view camera
and that is the only screen I'm gonna be
watching while I Drive because I believe
in focusing on the road you know I'm
talking about even own a cell phone
not a cat door um please turn left here
okay got it
I'm gonna indicate first okay I'm gonna
check my blinds well we're all clear
okay I'm gonna turn left see them do
right here okay
calm not killing a single living thing
no in my hand there on three and nine
that's right also the mitochondria is
the powerhouse of the cell number five
most importantly when doing your drivers
tests remember all the important things
your parents talk to you about driving
babe thanks you're okay on the road you
want to be very good wrong Jane Jane
stop stop stop messing me up
my dumb man
good guy you won't bring it this person
okay oh my god yeah waking me up man how
do you party up okay I slaughter oh I
like this like this what you're doing
huh stop look at Mahalo
okay that's it gently I've I'm changing
Lynn ginge me why are you changing Lane
you are stressing me out
look so stupid haha hit the gun dumb
head yeah yeah you did anyway but I can
assure you when you get your license it
is like the best feeling ever
I vividly remember when I passed my life
turned into a music video
congratulations you passed I passed yes
I can try
yes oh my own yes in a car yes
Steve okay we do
you
yeah that's exactly what happened
yo hope you enjoy that video if you
didn't give it a big thumbs up shoutouts
to sign for not only giving me this dope
car but hooking me up my boy Steve Aoki
just beautiful here look at it are you
gonna check out my interview with
principal it is right over there also
for more behind the scenes on Sion
socials all the links are in the
description so make sure you do that my
blogs are right over there
and you kind of look like me on your
favorite part and stuff and according to
him there's also subscribe you know what
I mean cuz I make my videos is that
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
instant engine toots tintin tintin
tintin
