I'm not seven minutes late your
seven-minute acoustic noise in our new
centers day is done with it
where are you seven minutes language Oh
were you seven is me this girl Supergirl
so ugly stupid girl I should I do on the
14th of every single month I hope you
can hear me and see me I just put the
lid to the comments I've already seen
someone that's at fu Lily and it's
already been one minute I bet you record
let me know if you can hear me see me
all that stuff tweet me tweet me at AI
so fungi are using the hashtag ask
superwoman live to join the conversation
this room yours home will put both of us
are leaving for the airport in heaven be
real be doing this last different up is
not a responsible but man Nestor because
I mean spent on my fence basically
running to India today I have to leave
for the airport at 1:00 the livestream
is any I wanted I stopped taking showers
with bunch of other things
look at this look is this volcano on
Potter this happen I don't know but
there is that beer a little bit rushed
and prizes awfully apologized early
breakfast during the stream both I sleep
like a nice family thing spending some
family time together and I mean why
don't we have a handshake it no stupid
handshake disrespectful without the ball
anyway do questions for me or humble the
hash tag ask super my humble host
Twitter is at humble the poet if you
don't know who this is
he is my slave he's my good friend very
talented rapper and you should on my
looking at this crater I know this is a
reaction to something
either way I hope you're gonna answer
your questions the next hour and also to
give you shout outs muscle
my life um so yeah the last ones going
on before we start that let me just make
this party bigger by tweeting and
facebooking stuff right now faced with
those struggles to post this but you
speaking of which I'm so excited for my
blog channel because I haven't travelled
for like two weeks which might not seem
a long time but it is a long time for me
and we're gonna go to India together on
her vlog channel so make sure you check
out the lastest but to get high ting on
the note about we're going to India for
on the plains which stands for you do
you're chewing cereal amazing when were
YouTube FanFest and I know you're gonna
think but Lily yeah I'm you're gonna be
watch the entire lives do not I
understand it published in a time where
you might be the might be the evening
but the entire show best live screen we
have the honor and privilege of closing
the show we got a lot of really cool
things planned some things you've
already seen us do but we've added some
new twist to them and some completely
new elements and we're really trying to
step for the box so no matter where you
live you can watch YouTube FanFest
online if you don't live in India so
don't trip it's gonna be done online no
also I'm a baby who's on the other side
of the exactly which means my video
schedule might be a little bit funny
eggs I'm like my videos so basically
I've been trying to maintain my vlogs
uploading at 98th ESC as they happen but
in case I'd be just a little longie and
try for to not be but please forgive me
and I apologize in advance
let's get some questions tweet me some
questions using the hashtag accent for
my life let's get into it
let's do it let me know where you're
watching from and I'm gonna tell you
that you can win the first shout-out and
in just a few minutes these right here
are vegan sausages
Nicole no that's okay because I love you
eggworks well I'm gonna be chewing
rudely to this entire livestream so I'm
sorry a mess there is already ten
thousand of you watching which is
amazing let's do it
okay cool
questions questions questions questions
questions questions questions questions
questions questions questions questions
mmm Julia says please give tips to stay
motivated before high school
my pointer for high school say motivated
is honestly high school in here in its
physical water work and seems very
chocolate is it is high school is so fun
though when I reflect back at times of
my life high school most fun times and
even though that you have a lot of
challenges associated stay motivated is
knowing that I promise you you will miss
those four years of your life later on
work really hard but have a lot of fun
and make a lot of friends and make a lot
of memories and make it the best because
high school is one was number one so
even if you're motivated on Monday
you're gonna have to do something but
everybody has to figure out what
motivates them some people what can
people do on Monday to get motivated
well uh my name is
and you can watch Lily's play this video
long time as well as you can watch daily
blogs a lot as well as you can all over
you can also have into the conversation
with la because she's always there good
question Melvin asks anything especially
a fan for watching at home but yes
there's many social things you have
planned let's just say when I send a
creative over that you must started with
I know this is crazy but
so you're seeing up to tune in and see
alright next question is a lovely
exciting to go to India ask something
obscure yeah lolis very exam sir of all
things gonna be in full full motion with
India when my community it's always
gonna be having a feel their home yeah
yeah own me the picture everything
Sophia asset you could say hi to all the
Greek unicorns oppa do with the other
Macedonian ones as well cuz Greek to
Macedonians are not the same people
no hello to both of you question
Pauline asks when will the video that
should recently shop come up good
question so if you've been following my
blog I've been doing a bunch of shoots
at the YouTube space and schools and
stuff that is because like a responsible
human being I am banking videos for my
India trip
India you just don't Wi-Fi the hotel if
I stand but it's difficult for you shoot
things there because like I'm
challenging jet lag and I'm doing all
this you sound like y'all know who bad
busy let me be responsible I actually
have videos banked until I come back I
will not be missing a missing a video so
I have a fever today I'm video for
Thursday have a video for next Monday
and when I land it's the end I don't
think about video there's one video in
tumble but I will not be missing a video
out of India
I didn't want to do that I want to
responsible so those will be coming up
over the next week and a half
cuckoo cuckoo got Cheney and I'm
surfaces are wrong said are you staying
for Holi yes I am so excited to say that
we have to see you for 10 days
from the 14th till the 24th and holy as
we goooo them 2013 holy moly is a
celebration of life why do people do not
holy what people will do a holy if they
wear always and then they throw it's fun
and I'm really excited I cannot wait
keep asking questions you guys I'm gonna
be some life updates I'm gonna tell you
the first shoutout in exactly four
minutes thank you so much for every
single person that's William there is
10,000 humble is it true one of the
things you're performing I add this is
something new that you're gonna release
on their channel yeah new track that
we're going to release that I'm going to
go ahead and say Wednesday confidently
is Lally in the video to invest
literally a lily sunglasses Lally unless
it is something you guys releasing I
think you'll really like and we are
gonna make it part of our friend as set
as well and the best performance that
hands-down if we pull it up the greatest
performance I don't know if I agree with
that because 82 you why what is
different this is a smaller segment H to
us on our show but we're trying to make
it that level I mean we'll even doing my
mostly it's the best fan fest
performance we've done thanks for oh
yeah we're trying to really step on
boxes always
mumbling I have missing with you want to
do things that we know you already love
even though we've done them before it
but we're trying to find the balance of
how can we make it new and fresh so
that's the balance trying to find and I
think you're all really really like it
oh okay robust asking which hotel gonna
be and over to you I save it froze and I
don't want to start chaos but I will say
that there will be several opportunities
to see me in India and I'll just tell
you when the rabbi not said this yes I'm
gonna say it now it's not open to the
public but if you are YouTube creator
going to creator Academy or I'm working
out the logistics of it book basically
this is obviously saying I don't want
those things because they I've makes me
really passionate about YouTube as you
know I'm really passionate about getting
back you know there's some real talk
there's some real talk feel free to jump
in if you want to listen me speak for
the bottom my heart and then I found
myself start being funny again but I
understand that a lot of people
associate with me being like you know
one of the first Indians on YouTube for
you know Canadian Indians that you know
gain success on YouTube and they always
associate with me though is like almost
like all my Q&A is always about skin
colored about all this stuff and so I
take a lot of pride in that I also don't
want to be the last person who's very
passionate for me to hopefully inspire
people to you know deal with the
challenges associated with being an
Indian woman on YouTube because there's
a lot of challenges not roses love club
and so I'm passionate about that and in
India I'm going to be doing a keynote
speech slash panel slash seminar on
being an Indian woman on YouTube and
everything I can possibly teach you
about the success and things you can do
that are good practice and things that
you might want to avoid doing and we're
gonna take my brain on all the tips and
tricks and secrets I've learned and
teach them to a roomful of people
majority women I'm not saying that
because I'm trying to segregate I'm
saying that because I feel a specific
challenges associated with being an
Indian or on YouTube and you know what
the thing to it is
you can you Kate women and educate girl
everybody wins and trickles down yeah
women tend to be naturally smarter than
us for some reason
so did you do a girl she competed to
five boys up versus the future to a guy
like me I'll just forget it
thirty seconds later but if you are a
creator think about this you're gonna
have one of YouTube's were the world's
top creators of YouTube
teaching you tips and tricks things that
she wish he learned on her journey so if
you can get into this seven seminar yeah
I'm going to you are but it's part of
the Creator Academy on YouTube and this
is doing you probably not heard about it
yet but it's something I Pro actively
said wants to do so it's not being
regulated by anyone except me I will say
exactly what I wanted to say and teach
you the exact truth whether it's ugly or
beautiful one it takes in whatever fires
and put things I've learned done and
this second thing I'm going to do it's
you not heard about yeah position you're
spending time in my life so I'm gonna
tell you I'm gonna tell you the secrets
it I have arranged to do a screening of
a TTIP in India details to come but
you're gonna watch the movie with us if
you need to do is my facebook facebook
twitter no you're not it's gonna be
amazing
pretty much like my last month
we're on top of this we're on top of
this okay I'm gonna touch oh you didn't
want a shadow real quick we will write
your name pose with it it's gonna be on
Facebook on facebook.com slash
iisuperwomanii they'll tell you what to
do buddy be a second to do that it is
going to be associated with sharing my
last video which by the way did very
very well
it was types of people at the grocery
store and so I'm really glad you liked
it because it did exception a lot I'm
going to right click share share my new
video so share my video to win a live
shout out during a slide like done
comment below the same saying and boom
just post on my facebook I super I share
my last video say something nice little
cool but if you liked if you didn't
don't share it I will never ask you to
share something you did not like you
didn't like my video to not share don't
like my tweet
don't worry tweet it it's very simple
but go ahead and do that if you did like
it and I'm gonna pick some one moment
early to give a shout out to a new me
time humble you answer are either of you
perfectionist if so do you I'm probably
more perfectionist one is that sure I
don't make sense also it's kind of the
OCD H were like if something's crooked
I'll be like to fix it on my calendar um
I'm a perfectionist when it comes to
getting work done honestly sometimes all
done in my world sometimes I do believe
getting it done instead of it being
perfect is support you know if you sat
on a video and tried to make actually
perfect it would take months and months
of months really sometimes I feel like
those little imperfections make my
contact personally what they what it is
I agree say we're thinking a lot of
people who are this people who do stuff
they're waiting for things to be perfect
where they put tomorrow that can slow
you down so sometimes that done
yes know who she's already having a hard
time yes see other tweets I don't know a
lot just a lot of you by name
I love you so much I know things you
tweet about and know things you like I
know other youtubers like I stop you all
so much also know a little bit this is
you sitting right there when I give away
my fan fest tickets for India and if I
can't wait for any fan fest or anything
I manually pick the winner so I gotta
people being like all right in 130
winners tweet out this Google link it
will randomly pick two winners Dawson
nah I need to manually pick the winners
I sign it for four hours because I
stopped the people just to make sure
like you're legitimate you know you
literally looked at your name clicked on
it make sure you were naughty or nice
make sure you were a real fan and then
just pretend to be a fan that day up
make sure that you read some movie tweet
to make sure that it's always an only if
I'm an accountant and they've tweeted
something mean to someone they will
never win a ticket for me I wanna read
senior actually because that's a little
way of making karma happen so if I see
you not only being a family really
Oh everyone has a great time they're
positive you're gonna win ticket yes it
wasn't a raffle
everybody was scrutinized and if you
were chosen
congratulations you and everybody else
keep reaching for the stars
hmm and sometimes I'll even like toy
people emotionally on purpose so for
example Surrey team super Mumbai and do
you really want the ticket I waited a
little bit to give you up because I
wanted to hang zydeco a little bit
unicorn Island the lemon I knew it was
your birthday so exciting you ticket
last because I'm going to make your
birthday special the last minute I know
all these things I know all your stock
oil but let's go on let's go on to
Facebook and pick a winner refreshing in
five four three two one
all right let's do it okay
humble would you like to do the honors
yes okay first things first let's turn
on the waypoint let's erase this
whiteboard and we'll write this name
okay so sweet hello this name I will you
see how most amazing penmanship
fun fact about humble humble was
actually a teacher that taught grades
three four three four five is a teacher
so every time I'm struggling with
something lots of great little jewels
and gems of knowledge for being a
teacher
well the right criteria teaches us in
this he's very very smart
not just handsome haha so he's cool it
was just saying hello named me I hurt
you then I'll sign the bottom of it and
we'll take a picture so I'm gonna get
started in just a second um you can take
a screenshot you miss it don't worry
about it because after this lecture
started go on my challenge with positive
why do all of that stuff I'm adding
simple water if you don't mind because
eight to Hisle all right look at this 10
min shit but you're not present marks on
that too she let you know I told him to
write I naturally believe that's how you
know it's real it's a that's really how
long like to - this is a special
shout-out to purse
okay let me sign this once I got that
outside of the site okay here we go
well no we're gonna tell them to mind
again what is it do it again because I
didn't audio out I just signed them it's
different my autograph anyways the
person who won this first startup person
win this first show me if your name
starts with s you did not I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry knowing if your name starts
with if your name starts with T it also
did not wait em to say if your name
starts with a you could have possibly
won this shut up first one this time
your name is Amy George thank you so
much for your support we're gonna pose
with this right now
I didn't got long immigrant or June
there you go you can pause rewind do all
that stuff thank you so much I'm gonna
be even wait or shut up
so don't trip I apologize it all this is
a little bit of us shorter streams like
I said you gotta run to the airport
remove your run to the airport thank you
so much to all eleven thousand three
hundred and forty nine degrees are
spending your money here with us we're
very happy but I'm very excited but
thank you so much that's some more
questions you got questions for humble
questions of me you can tweet use the
hashtag ask superwoman like alrighty
let's do it
my asking the top of your peers church
this hurt no not involve I need to get
this earring I need to get them and all
my vlogs my earrings basically I thought
it's like that the reason they let me
show you right now the top bar it's too
big it's the natural one they pierce
with but you know is bigger than is
supposed to be so I need to go get in
change you haven't got a chance yet
that's why it was effed up and all my
blogs but once I get that bar change and
they'll be tight it didn't really hurt
um I felt like this one hurt a little
bit more than that one but I'm
I have a pretty good tolerance of pain
even with three days hashtag excuses all
right my my my my my my my my my my my
asked mountains or the beach that's both
ends of the country one two three
beaches I knew you say that Beach
because I love warm and Beach he's worth
to me and mountain means is a cool
activity that I have but my questions
feel free to drop somebody said how was
your experience in Mumbai last month and
it was in the desert to ourself and they
can arrive and Anthony called a silent
heart the other bit of silent party
everybody wears headphones and we read
it connects to them just three DJs for
the red new day a green DJ included it
you just press to change the channel
so you're happy with global color so you
just get what people in India I think it
was like after 12:30 it like shut the
music box when you're on that printer
that's really old like people jamming no
one with the music that's really close
that's
I um cool
next question is llama and loves Lily
said what are the words you can't
pronounce at the moment so in case you
don't know I am NOT when you miss line
right now because I'm eating ground put
dog I'll show you I thought in his mind
recently and I have little bumps on my
teeth and so I've been um slurring
certain words it's a tart state which
was like special and like the words our
SP are difficult to say because of that
but if you ask humble I've been really
frustrated over the last couple days
because I have been able to speak proper
five dishes like that the other day I
was probably at the curb in my blog the
next thing on my period it was like CIA
and gap 3c asked me hey mumble how does
it feel the Europe friends are such an
awesome person and I want to say you
brought up a really good point very
important you to be friends with
yourself you have extra the gifted
everybody goes see the good guy someone
asked me and to work with he's whether
he's one of my favorite is womanhood
because me to have a very great
understanding our friendship is based on
just pure realness I'm upset I would
tell the thesis that he will tell me
there's no drama there's no in between
the lines if I'm gonna work asana Mumbai
and I'm Wu Tim he's not gonna be up
stuff for that day it start like slow
team that you Lou said this me know he's
going to get the work done we're gonna
put on awesome performance and then
later and everything's done with your
for the record this piece of chocolate
was this big and your auntie of the
person's name I think you make that up
in agreement what you do
your friend get on your nerves you have
to wait three months to get the back
down are you gonna try to fix your sleep
schedule in India says faith I know Mike
won't sleep central and I just know when
I wake up when I'm asleep we'll see when
we get there though I am another 16-hour
flight and I stopped for words in Dubai
and I don't even know what time is
Islands I wish but I'm not fix it in a
way that makes sense because I'm late
I'm basically just gonna fix it away
where I can be the most amount possible
we land over in the middle of the night
it's over it's all gonna be very sad a
book I'm writing here look closely
yeah but it's all good it's all cool
he's just sending this less opportunity
to do so despite humble in three words
asks yeasty Sammy oh okay humble and
reward is gonna be intelligent
comfortable intelligent comfortable and
accepting Rix Lagos and challenging this
he'll be lucky really smart he says
really smart things is very intelligent
with doing the laundry and like to thank
you um comfortable because how will his
soul come will be himself I've never
ever seen humble trying to be something
he's not ever and three accepting is
I've never seen humble ever judge
someone else I don't think it matters
what you do what your beliefs are
anything he's very just like oh that's
we were that's that's how you wanna live
your life great
like he's married like that it's very
cool unless you're left-handed he's not
racist he's not he's always a yeah
and his dog um before we start any of
those things what is the best friends so
combos very accepting it's variable homo
would you call yourself a feminist I
would not call myself a feminist I was
raised in a culture that really kind of
indicated that women were superior damn
it so really yeah there's a huge you
know succeed we have a very prominent
evening my partner who actually you know
let R me then we had the largest the
largest palace story the largest royal
family that control the northern part of
India even though it was a king he was a
king at age 11
a person who actually gave him his power
with some mother so I always kind of
raised with that understanding but I do
understand why it's important for people
to continue to stand up for women's
rights specifically because obviously
you can still see there's a lot of even
if you take the religion aside culture
leaders so I think the word feminism I
think when people hear it if ten people
record feminism ten people ten different
what it is and I think a lot of it how a
lot of people who use the word feminist
feminist have gone overboard I'm a big
believer in equity equity isn't treating
everybody the same it is treating people
the way baby tree so if somebody's in a
wheelchair they need a special rap to
get up there widows they take the stairs
like everybody else we treat them the
way they need to be treated females in
certain situations may need to be
treated differently and in other
situations they don't we're talking
about this when it comes to like ah you
don't need to separate men and women
from hackney a good actor the good I may
be in sports you have to separate them
but in terms of the feminine I think
sometimes it kind of goes overboard and
as well I grew up you know we wrote with
a much I had two sisters so I've always
been around women but at the same time
you know we're guys and guys like being
guys sometimes they'll say you know I
went through a whole period or like I
don't call myself a feminist such a
negative connotation that I decided I
don't care what consciousness I am a
feminist and I understand the story
different definitions and the best I can
do is fall into that definition that I
believe to be right and so I do feel
like I actually will fight for
everyone's rights but as a woman I just
first had no lot of challenges and so
small things like doing my seminar
didn't get whatever I can do to help
that child to struggle is what I would
like to do but now that that's another
question and about a minute I'm gonna
tell you can win another shut up it is
going to happen on snapchat so I'm gonna
be right now I guess not try to get that
one deck get that all prepped up and
mega you know more questions more
questions more questions
by the way right after this live stream
I'm loosing my will not right after
within like an hour two hours when
releasing my Monday video which is
featuring Steve Aoki so make sure you
stay tuned to that I worked really hard
and I hope you like it
so that's come out um okay
why should use questions questions if
you finish this video on my game he's a
sausage okay so the first thing I got
right now good question when do the next
thing to go back for me I hope you're
working when I come back I'm trying to
set up a lot of stuff to figure out what
I need to do and I'm not going home till
it gets bigger so if that takes me a
couple days great if it does it more but
yeah also have some music videos also
Hamelin I'm I'm just I'd take a little
trip down to Wrestlemania cuz I've
tickets to Wrestlemania I'm very excited
about Wrestlemania hi that's really all
these years old it's all good
okay went on snapchat unsnapped I'm
saying yo what's up I'm gonna ask
superwoman like right now okay so face
like that I don't think you shut up to
someone who snatched me back from right
now on snapchat boy didn't snag me and I
will say anyone watching
what is your snapchat a new woman my
snapchat is I I superoes III
every single social media have I'm
fortunate enough to say my username is
the same across all go ahead and do it
alright it seems I posted to my story
exposing I'm gonna stab me back and I
will pick someone and I will mention
your name on this thing of operator
might even snap you back why not here we
go a chica asked can you braid home with
a false beard you know who Brady when I
realized was
your brittle grip listen you watch even
while you add to the next section
MC your friction down so the next
question which was Chris each ass would
you think drinks judgment or Rihanna's
work oh ok at the same time one two
three work yeah I knew like men but work
work work as well as work is this ultra
little Hans yeah I saw this why do you
think that was like people be like yo
check from the new video although the
answer is yes yes I can alright let's
check snapchat oh my phone is not
turning on and I bet you my no I
literally it's not hang on and I know
why it's probably because snug just okay
no it's because I got so many snaps just
down at my phone literally 100% right
now snapchat okay we're gonna come back
to this what happened literally my phone
is broken again which I plug it and see
if that rejuvenates it I'm gonna get
back to that in a second okay here we go
we asked would you like to shoot video
with ruin the ones oh I can't wait to
hold please there it is equal to the
show because equals have mutual love for
Dwayne I'm gonna chill a lot of cool
people and one by my cool cuz everyone
skaters are very busy I want me to come
back there's so much to a lot of people
in I'm on course try to shoot with my
people that's all i'ma say that's all
i'ma say I haven't mentality going to
give you know this is new be the best in
each other ever made that's my mentality
okay here we go
I love myself
yeah okay mommy I'm so sorry bumpy's I
am trying to diss your go-to mode means
actually I really want to go I always
audiences I'm see people's pictures of
these people so I'm trying to go this
year um Melissa P maybe you're shaking
shit
so I do love him some shade Mitchell
Jasmine ass name one place do you want
to travel jasmine
well ma you just one but I'll mention
another one there's too much and I
really want to go to Malaysia
I'm not going to Malaysia yeah and
they're really big wedding in Malaysia
also this is one it's not so common I
really want to go to Tibet because I
really love meditation I know
meditations that time of meditation to
been is very very prominent so I wanted
a survey and I want to go to like seven
different countries but I might have
something coming since my step Oh
I fell down that's how long it took my
phone unfreeze and I'm pretty sure
snapchat okay I'm gonna quickly go oh
this is why this is why right here this
is why so let me show you you can see
the screen oh sorry I just got someone
it's basically they're just flooding in
you can't see but they're just flooding
that's why my phone froze okay let me
pick someone okay
I was gonna pick out a name ah no no
because I suppose you got it got it got
it um god damn it it's freezing
no I can't it's freezing so chat was not
ready oh my god what do you let me pick
okay everyone stop for a second I can't
think any one last question any time
YouTube lover mm who's your favorite
rapper at the moment who's your favorite
rapper at the moment my favorite rapper
at the moment it's gonna have to go in
the cage of the wire you just put a
surprise I really exciting about the
qulity whoa yeah okay look obviously
Drizzy Drake yeah oh cool we go next
yeah um I can't pick a single maybe
because they're just flooding in so I'm
just gonna get a bunch of shut us people
for believe Tilly rain no I can't
possibly what if you what if Oh lovely
okay let me go into airplane mode for a
second okay good good call good call
okay but now's knocking a little snaps
okay okay guys I got it I got it
cool the person who wants a Highlander
channel how do I say here oh cool seven
seven seven quickly write that up so
here cool seven seven seven and it's not
letting me respond to you because it's
not
oh my god there I sent him back yes
that's the one sit here cool seven seven
seven I managed open your snap I'm sorry
I will not do that again on snapchat
this snapshot was not ready snapchat was
not prepared to laugh but let's hold
this shoutout for you I send you a snap
back as well
dope all right we're going to give away
one more shout out in a second is going
to be to anyone who asks a question
using the hashtag ask Superman live so
go ahead and do that and mmm I really
talk charges like an appetizer it's like
with paper things see them just said
Millie stop doing everywhere linemen see
them up guys - obviously I don't know
what to say I don't know this year Henry
London but I'm working on something and
it will in turn soon maybe not this year
but soon taking your Lipman circuit
project secret project um that's a
jalebis I will say babies are bested by
job but in Mumbai there's this place
often job growth endorsement right here
I'm not going to say this
I just love Pablo if food is so um well
you can pick anyone who asks a good
question you - I asked to allow name for
the Lasha then you top-quality question
please notice to me in another question
exactly and you won't say the name right
now and both in there I make sure my
Invisalign for a second it's mad goes
what's not good but it's my Invisalign
case he's on my teat sees this little
thing like this he's a my crooked teeth
they look like a nice breakfast
so you can't really see you I don't
wanna get a little bit shiny but you
can't really see what this one looks
like and there is that's when I gotta
wear a smile notice that my speech is a
little bit slurred and it feels weird to
drink water them but they're very
effective I can already tell they're
working okay Oh
10800 a few here let's end with a bang
ask your best questions here we go what
group would you be if you could choose
and why is inspired to be happy um what
I mean I would be I think watermelons
are fun but I my favorite food is
pomegranate and second set is mango I
think I want to be I think I want to be
a mango I feel like it's you know shows
my cultural side if you like they're
they're smooth they can shake things out
if you don't want to shake that's good
alright so I'm just still thinking
someone in the meantime I'm good and
said mm-hmm out of curiosity do see my
tweets and stuff lean yes I do see your
tweets and stuff can you pronounce my
name probably not Kawara Jesus we tried
everything a cubed thank you you sandy
Sophia asks what's the most challenging
thing you face during your career and
how do you overcome it
um I think one of those challenging mix
in my career which I actually think is
not only child but also one of the best
is my career announcing months the other
day when I was crime level curve it's so
much of my career like literally so much
of it is uncomfortable so much of the
cost causes me anxiety so much of it is
scary
and sometimes my heart needs a program
like oh my god I just want to be a
comfortable situation but that's the
hardest part your constant for yourself
situations that or horrified ones we go
to stage with being on a pan or whether
it's trying to univer tribalist
auditioning that's all the most hardest
part my career is dressing yourself in
both very scary uncomfortable situations
and positions
he picked winner all right what was the
question so the question was are you
guys going to do a segment on girl your
name is girl oh thank you so much for
the question amazing
that's your question drink whitey and
that's bill but during my palaces don't
drink rate creator Academy yes possibly
I am going to see her on stage counts
seeing me flip a girl all right
soon as we're all calm right now as soon
as this last few pitches the week we're
gonna ride down the stairs hurricane
throw all my other garbage did you
shower okay got child I feed on garbage
and he's probably watching so they don't
okay so watch this has gotten mixed up
can we extend the ride and after this is
done but we will end on a positive
thought like we do as well give us a
couple seconds because I want to
actually make sure I believe in it
humble I believe you won first and when
you're thinking when tall and cool and
when you're saying here's what I'm gonna
lose yes exactly
so you think of one first let me know
okay okay thoughts that you have in your
brain
paint the life that you have so even if
things aren't doing will feel like you
have a very negative attitude or sucky
actor it's only gonna make things worse
sometimes forcing yourself to smile at
some kind of remembering things that are
worth appreciating like hey oxygen
amendments
hey I get to watch Lily on this life
human just simple things that you can
appreciate and turn and day around and
make you happy
you can think and make your entire life
wonderful
your attitude determines how well in
your day's going to go so always have a
wonderful attitude if you could always
control your attitude and like that my
thought is kind of it's positive but
it's also associated with working mr.
price is here but my thought is that you
know when you do something for a really
long time and you go through life with
your career with your personal life
whatever human nature will make us on a
settle and make us want to be
comfortable and I went to tell you all
to not do that I'm a challenge also put
yourself in uncomfortable situations
explain why it's like third YouTube
FanFest name yet we've been fan fest
fill up and still every time a new fan
fest to think how can we make it better
than the last one we know we can go out
there do the exact same thing every
single time we know everyone will love
it we know it'll be fine but it's
important to continuously challenge
yourself to do better each time because
the more when she starts to send early
for things like that himself or
everything else in your life do above
and beyond for yourself and you'll get
up above and beyond or turn to you in
life don't ever be in a situation we
like you know I'll just do this because
fine this is what expected to be no go
above your expectations and that is what
will be returned to you in life always
go do your best no matter what it is do
your best step outside the box place
yourself in a couple situations and poop
cheer not everyone else go for everyone
else prove to yourself why you are so
good at what you do and why you deserve
to do that we want to sincerely thank
you all 10,000 you spend time with us on
a Monday wherever you are in the world
but it's midnight whether it's exam
whether it's lunch time whether you
dinner thank you so much for spending
time with us I do this every single
month ask super my life for as long as I
possibly can
we're headed take me up follow along on
my blog channel I will try to snapchat
as much as I can
hello what's your snapchat and maybe
humble and I will do this thing again we
just screwed by each other and if you
want to see like shots of me around I
pay attention maybe I'm a little
snapchat that's cool he's he's a creeper
like that and I'll do the same things
not better than good exactly thank you
so much I hope you have a blessed
morning I can give me wherever you I
we're headed to India humble say your
goodbyes
one love superwoman that is
right and soup Mumbai here we come lag
