look at me making videos about grocery
shopping like an adult what if everyone
it's a girl superwoman so just recently
I started living on my own which means
I've been going grocery shopping a lot
more often which means I buy a lot of
food and then I don't eat any of it and
I eat out every day and whether you're
super mature not like me I'm lured to
you or you're just used to tagging along
with your parents I can guarantee that
you've seen all of these people while
you go grocery shopping number one
you're responsible drivers some people
are straight-up cray behind a shopping
cart I know you don't need a license to
operate a shopping cart but like
honestly you should because there's some
rules that are unspoken that everyone
should know like you can't just exit an
aisle without looking both ways that you
just own the bakery section okay I don't
care how much dough you got you get it
you get in because does money but the
dough's also like donuts in fatsozon
play-doh sirens all day but y'all
straight up you can't be driving so
recklessly with your car because I got
peaches on board and if your car bumps
my cart literally nothing will happen
but I'll be slightly irritated it's just
common courtesy stop operating your
shopping cart like we're playing Mario
Kart because we're in a place where we
actually could slip on a banana and then
your car's gonna do that whole thing
where it spins on a thing Wow it's gonna
be embarrassing for everybody also it's
not like you just park your car in the
middle of an intersection so I don't
understand why you think okay to park
your shopping cart in the middle of the
dairy section what you need to be doing
is parallel parking buy the canned soups
over there again
right now what's doing is problematic
cuz you're blocking me from accessing
this yogurt and you know my mom wants me
to eat the dry Joubert I don't even get
it your car to your all the way over
there in the food section why do you
think this is okay this is not monopoly
this is not free parking
you are literally blocking an entire
food group you're over there squeezing
oranges not giving your knife I'm over
here getting calcium deficiency and hold
up I know what you're thinking you're
thinking why don't you just move the
cart and I'm here to tell you enough you
don't just move people's carts that's
wrong isn't that weird how like it's not
a car doesn't like you need a key to
move it it's literally a cart you could
move it if you want to but you don't you
can't you can't move someone's car I
feel like that's super disrespectful if
I don't never move my cart I'll be like
I challenge you to a duel like listen to
me this is
my car look I inserted my quarter these
right here the micro see these eggs mine
from my stomach okay don't be touching
my car if someone moves your car it's
pretty much like they licked all your
groceries and slept with your imaginary
boyfriend so straight up how much have
to pull out a game of Risk right now and
declare a war but sometimes I will admit
it's the cards fault can we be real 60%
of all cards are just act up natural
selection does not apply to shopping
cards because the broken ones are never
taken out I feel like it's a sick joke
all grocery store employees houses are
like sitting in the back watching
through surveillance cameras from the
Capitol like all let's see who picked up
the crappy one it's like a lottery oh
wait she's pulling on a corner you pull
him out for her you grab a car I don't
know because when you grab a cart it
always seems fine the cart always seems
fine you glad to give a little test you
like yeah this one looks good I'll take
this one and what happens a second you
wander store oh yeah idiot
straight up sounds like c-3po is
painfully dying
shopping carts are like relationships
you know I mean everything is fine in
the beginning but then everything
changes the moment you walk by some
melons and it's horrible because now
everyone around you is silently judging
you're the person you're the one that
got the destructive cart you have the
flip phone of grocery carts straight up
you might as well just fill up your
entire cart with five or one okay
because it's crap
and you're gonna pretend like
everything's fine yeah but everyone
knows everyone knows that's you okay
look at this idiot with their idiot cart
now you're a lesser person number two
label lovers sure like apparently when
you buy cookies there's this outer
plastic that has these numbers and
things I wouldn't know that because if
you will I'm looking at the cookies but
some people read all of those numbers
huh label lovers the people who spend
hours and aisles reading the labels of
cans and food products just to make sure
like they're counting enough calories
they know all of the ingredients and
it's organic these are the same people
that watch the Magic Mike for the
storyline and stop Kim Kardashian on
Instagram to read your captions
oh just joking I do think it's really
important to know what's in food no to
the print in food these days I respect
that I just don't have the patience for
that and to be honest when I see someone
else spending so much time reading
labels I feel the need to conform
because I feel like if I don't
now they think they're better than me
like I'm I'm a less responsible adult
cuz I don't weed
I don't read the labels fine you know
okay I see you read a label what am I to
do I'll take out a can I'm gonna really
like a really lame okay obviously and
bring this label yeah we both we didn't
lay off yeah I'm a mature responsible
and I care about my but my body is a
temple
all right think I read those from the
quotes I read a little bring this label
to be honest I've already decided I'm
buying this cat okay this can you
literally say could cause extreme
illness may result in growing a third
arm I'm buying this can to be honest I'm
not even reading this cat I'm just
reading a consumer
I'm sitting up here like watermelon
watermelon water yeah that seems like
long enough okay and the worst is when
you see one of these label makers and
they're standing a little bit away from
the foods the foods over here they're
all the way over here and now you feel
like you can't pass them like there's
some sort of force field that you can't
disrupt so you're just like awkwardly
waiting there and you're just like and
now it's just like you me and the lima
beans that I'm not gonna awkward third
wheel I just and then you got to do one
of these I got oh sorry excuse me and
like you're so embarrassed you feel and
you literally ruined the person's life
number three express pest all right let
me make this super clear okay if you're
gonna buy enough food for the entire
cast of Game of Thrones
don't be strolling up to the express
lane like nothing's wrong you see that
side you see that side races five to
twelve items that is not a suggestion
that is a rule do you have five to
twelve items do you no you do not we
have 96 items you don't even kind of
have five to twelve items or if you had
fifteen you could argue maybe that pears
and apples are pretty much the same no
you have many many items and I'm
standing behind you holding a single
chocolate bar and honestly I'm going to
behead you not only will I behead you
but I will take out my sword take your
fruit and pretend I'm playing fruit
ninja there is the system this is a
system express lane okay
what is expressed about this you are
ruining the flow you are clogging the
artery now this lineup is about to have
a heart attack number four the stressed
husband now every time I go grocery
shopping oh you should see a man who I
would like to assume as a husband that
has clearly been sent on a mission by
his wife to obtain some sort of
household need sometimes he's buying
food sometimes he's buying things for
the baby
very often he's buying tampons slash
and/or pads and do me this is effing
hilarious because I just kind of met
what it's like being a man having to
stand in that section and figure out
what the f they're supposed to get with
wings wait these fly
wait what part wraps around her leg hi
excuse me I'm looking for the tampon
that's also a hat
wait did you mean like cotton pads like
for her nails or it's probably the same
thing walks home with a box of Kleenex
and some saran wrap and they always look
super stressed because you can tell
based on their actions they're about to
be judged and punished accordingly and
you know what you're probably right
number five the merger so I'm checking
out my thing right I'm checking out my
donut now I'm not checking out my things
I'm not like checking her I mean I could
be checking out my thing about what I
meant was I'm checking on my food items
at the grocery store I'm so stoked I'm
checking on my food items at the grocery
store and what do I see the person
behind me starts putting their groceries
on a little conveyor belt okay cool I'm
watching my price watch my price I look
back at this person and they're not
using the little divider thing and I'm
just like bro I ain't about to pay for
your pop-tarts bro you have to use the
divider thing here's a thing right as
the person in front it's not my
responsibility to put that divider thing
behind you don't know it is your
responsibility to put the divider thing
because I put the divider thing I just
look like a douchebag I'm just like oh
hey like I don't want your groceries to
touch mine I'm basically I'm a better
person than you instead I want your
stuff to touch my stuff and also I
notice that you have a cart that's asked
up okay a my cart over here is royalty
so we can't be having this conversation
you have to use the divider it's there
for a reason okay peace if I go home and
find some diet root beer in my bag I'm
gonna be pissed for two reasons number
one diet number two whoopy cool drinks
Wooper I'm sorry I know commercials keep
telling me I'm sort of like root beer
but I don't like root beer I don't like
don't brainwash me I don't like root
beer so what you need to do person
behind me is act like Donald Trump and
divide that ish build a wall between my
groceries and your groceries on a side
note though people are actually
supporting Trump that's a joke funnier
than all of my videos combined what are
you doing
yo what's up hope you enjoyed that video
you've actually been requesting that one
for a very very long time so I hope you
enjoyed it and still e from the bar
of my heart and the bun of my heart if
you didn't give it a big thumbs up
comment below letting me know what you
want to see for my next video on Monday
because today's Thursday right
yesterday's Thursday also on Monday I am
going to India because YouTube FanFest
is on March 18th and I'm giving away a
whole bunch of tickets to the show and
my meet and greet I'll be doing that
within the next 24 hours so stay tuned
to my Instagram and Twitter from now
over the next 24 hours I will be giving
away all of those tickets also if you
want to check out my last video is right
there is my parents reacting to Zayn
Malik's pillow top my vlogs on my second
channel right over there check them all
and you kill you if you like this if you
love all this and are just okay make
sure you hit subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
