this video needs to be shown at schools
what about when it's a girl superwoman
and I cannot stress how important this
video is to me because if you know me
personally then you'll know that one of
my biggest pet peeves in life is people
who do not take ownership for their
actions aka suck at apologizing and if
I'm honest I used to be really bad at
this but I recognized that and made an
active effort to change it and today I
can honestly say I think I'm pretty good
at apologizing to people when it's
appropriate more real talk a lot of
people suck at this straight up so many
people suck at apologizing it's like the
real-life version of flappy bird okay
one second in and you're already a lost
cause so for people that suck at
apologizing I've created this guide to
help you do it
for starters have you ever been in this
situation babe did you stain my shirt
damn I guess I did okay okay would you
like to say something obviously I'm not
stupid okay I love you you don't look
fat it amazes me how many people
apologize without actually saying the
words I'm sorry apologizing without
actually saying the words I'm sorry is
like a Super Bowl without Beyonce what
is the point and don't use any
substitutions for the words I'm sorry
would you like to say something
my bad babe say sorry this one's on me I
need you to say sorry I am regretful say
the words I am sorry I'm full of remorse
I'm literally going to cheat on you next
don't play the blame game I can't tell
you how many times someone has owed me
an apology and suddenly the situation
isn't their fault like I know it's their
fault they also know what their fault
but when it comes time to apologize all
of a sudden there's ten other people
involved in situations that I know
nothing about babe did you stain my
shirt
what oh yeah I did but it was because of
Eric who's Eric my friend well I know
all of your friends I've never met an
Eric Nana you met him once at my
birthday party in Mexico what you never
had a birthday in Mexico I mean India
when did we go to
India babe can you stop I'll just tell
Eric to get you another one although how
did Eric stain my shirt that you were
wearing anyways because I was eating and
then he was talking and I got distracted
cuz he was talking and then I dropped
something on it yeah that sounds like
your fault
can you stop nagging me what you left up
my favorite shirt and you don't have a
friend named Eric and then that classic
line that people use when they're trying
to win an argument everyone thinks you
neg who is this everyone
I honestly take that line everyone knows
yeah like everyone agrees with me yeah
like people even told me I can tell you
who but there's a whole bunch of people
that were that were telling me that they
also can you neg who who are these
people
and please tell me when you had the time
to conduct a global survey in which you
travel the planet and asked everyone and
obtained this information that I neg
alot shut the F up do not make me find a
sexy guy on tinder and effing swipe
right okay by the way I don't actually
use tinder I had to Google which way to
swipe yeah algal it X where have you
ever noticed that when people try to
apologize suddenly their IQ drops to
four here's something I have learned
through my life and that is if people
act very overly stupid when they're
apologizing or any situation for that
matter chances are they're lying about
something babe did you stain my shirt
huh did you stain my shirt which shirt
this shirt the one I'm pointing to and
holding right now what I didn't even
know you had a shirt like that you fully
asked me to borrow it yesterday I didn't
even know that you wear shirts you
didn't know I wear shirts what what we
don't usually wear turtlenecks I feel
like this is the first time I've seen
you without a turtleneck I've literally
never worn a turtleneck what I thought
Dre got that from you know what what oh
I am totally mind blowing right now it's
like honestly don't act dumb and make
the situation worse just admit what you
did and apologize because once I forgive
you about the shirt you're gonna have to
apologize for lying in the first place
and we gonna be here all day in other
words is it too late to say sorry now
yes yes it is you ruined Justin song now
this one's really common something you
want to avoid while apologising is
making the situation worse by acting
like you're doing the person a favor by
apologizing babe did you stain my shirt
listen I don't want this to cause a
drift in our relationship so yes I did
okay that's cool and I know how you get
about things like this so I'm gonna be
the bigger person yeah it's fine
because I just want to be honest with
you always about everything about this
and about the other girl well I'm sorry
what I'm so happy we can move on from
this which girl babe look stop living in
the past okay this is a new start for us
because of me and my honorable actions
don't act like you're doing some
amazingly good deed and giving someone a
favor by apologizing case you're gonna
do it do it because you're a responsible
good-hearted human being that wants to
take ownership
ain't nobody throwing you a party or
making a cake because you did the right
thing and the nobel prize goes to this
idiot over here who actually didn't do
any spectacular research or discovery
but just did the right thing straight up
you don't get cookies for doing what's
expected of you that was the case I
would have all the cookies some of the
cookies maybe one large cookie I would
have okay let me know if you can relate
you ever be in the situation where you
need to confront someone cuz they did
something that's bothering you any like
okay I'm gonna I'm just being a doll
talk to them and it's gonna be all
resolved so you go talk to them six
hours later you go home smiling lying
your bed and you're like wait we didn't
actually come to any resolution do we
even talk about it babe did you stain my
shirt hey babe
how are you I'm good but did you stain
my shirt huh what am i doing oh I'm just
watching these howtobasic videos on
YouTube they're so effed no I asked you
if you stay into my shirt god I missed
you give me a kiss
no stop okay I can't do that because I
don't know how to edit split screen and
you're just me wearing a fake beard also
did you say my shirt don't ignore the
issue a kiss will not solve the problem
flowers will not solve the problem an
Instagram post will not solve the
problem wait what if it's a collage what
maybe but on the other hand some people
are actually really good at apologizing
babe did you stain my shirt yes babe I
did and I'm sorry I should have told you
earlier but I know it's your favorite
shirt and I was just so concerned that
you'd be upset and that was wrong of me
I'm really sorry and next time I'll make
sure I'm more careful oh babe ah nailed
it said sorry took ownership and most
importantly made a statement that
indicates what they will do differently
next time to prevent the issue in the
first place the only problem is big did
you stay my other shirt yes babe I did
and I'm sorry I should have told you
earlier but I know it's your favorite
shirt and I was just so excited today
huh people who apologize so sincerely
but then make the same mistake over and
over and over again yeah gotta love them
people like that deserve Oscars we
cannot take t-shirts for granted I do
not take this night for granted thank
you and lastly if you apologize to
someone great good on you but that
doesn't mean they automatically have to
forgive you saying you're sorry doesn't
automatically warrant forgiveness if you
feel like you've sincerely apologize to
someone and they still don't forgive you
give them some time here's a watch
think about it you want to apologize
because you want to take ownership and
show remorse for a situation not just so
you can be forgiven so they don't
forgive you chill out babe
did you stain my shirt yeah I did babe
I'm so sorry next time I'll be more
careful oh I'm so mad but I apologized
yeah but I needed to wear this shirt
today but I apologized I don't care this
was my favorite shirt okay yeah you know
I get it
you're upset Pass me the shirt I learned
this little trick on YouTube of how to
get stains up that's it watch this
but I apologized in conclusion
stop sucking at apologizing it's a part
of life and it's okay to make mistakes
but it's not okay to deal with your
mistakes like a douche baguette so
please share this video with all of
humanity and let's apologize more
sincerely and forgive people more truly
also watch this video again and hug
yourself everytime I say babe did you
get a stain on my shirt preferably
somewhere in public like the bus or
something hey beautiful I hope you
enjoyed this video if you did please
give it a thumbs up because that really
matters to me none lets me know that you
liked it or didn't like it but hopefully
you liked it also comment below letting
me know if you're good at apologizing
are you bad are you the boss of
apologizing let me know you can check
out my last video right there is called
things I miss about high school my
second vlog channel videos are right
over there you can click that and check
on that lastly you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and it would mean a lot to me
if you were here because I like when
you're here one love superwoman that is
a wrap and Zoop yes there's a koala
riding a unicorn
eating pizza on my shirt under a rainbow
that's what's up
