I never thought I would make this video
what if everyone is a girl superwoman
and during high school I could not wait
for high school to be over like 8:30
a.m. class and you got to wear pants no
thanks
but now that I'm much older when I look
back to my high school days there's a
lot of things I actually really miss
about high school so if you're in high
school cherish these moments but if
you're old like me let's together take a
walk down memory lane but first don't
forget your orthotics and a box of
tissues to wipe away your salty tears
huh that real truth number one lockers
the moment I was assigned my first
locker in high school was literally one
of the best moments of my entire life
wait hold up pull ups you're telling me
that this designated space on this wall
is solely from my belongings don't kill
me
why was I so excited about my first
locker I have no idea I treated that ish
like the ring from Lord of the Rings
just like every morning is legit my
locker turned me to Smeagol because of
not just about the locker no no it's
about the things that come with the
locker the la fleur de coeur my locker
had a mirror in it okay and let me just
clarify
not just any mirror no no my mirror okay
else for my face in my face only
this ain't no community mirror no
bathroom none now okay I'm not a
fourth-grade peasant that has to share
my mirror space troll I'm a ninth grader
with needs and I need a mirror that can
handle my ninth grade reflection I'm
like mother effin Mulan 3.0 okay just
like when will my son in grade 9 not to
mention getting my locker decorated for
my birthday
getting your locker decorated on your
birthday is a mandatory obligation of
friendship if it's your birthday and you
stroll into school turn the hallway and
your lockers not decorated your parents
might as well to watch you at the mall
okay you might as well run away you
might as well be that other brother
that's not Nick or Joe in the Jonas
Brothers because no one remembers you
having your locker decorated in high
school is the modern-day equivalent to
Facebook letting everybody know it's
your birthday if someone ever ever came
up to me in high school
like hey it's my birthday and you all
have the decorated Locker to back it up
I would laugh I would laugh in your face
because it can't be your birthday with
that basic looking locker you telling me
you won't be you're telling music your
but your locker looks like the before
picture in a makeup tutorial your locker
be looking like a McFlurry with no
toppings okay
your nothing looks like I make cloudy
your locker is so basic it looks like
the first level of every video game okay
so I'll step to me
requesting a bird sandwich if your
locker doesn't look like a Katy Perry
outfit okay because what you're doing is
you wasting my time you being
disrespectful okay and look like a fool
number two supply teachers okay I'ma be
real I have a very soft spot for
supplying teachers in my heart because
kids are horrible to them and I don't
encourage anyone to be mean to supply
teachers or any teachers because it
honestly breaks my heart but I will say
as a high school student you do have the
right to try to convince a supply
teacher of some fake rules just a few
nothing crazy
miss miss usually our teacher lets us
leave 40 minutes early from class miss
ya know our normal teacher usually
doesn't take attendance miss I don't
know what we're talking about
there was no homework due today oh no
miss we're allowed to watch youtube
videos in class miss I swear to god
we're allowed to swear in class I mean
as Julie Julie I do are we allowed to
swear in class
Judy Matt took Julian Manor saying I
know what more proof you need if me
Julie and Matt are all the same we're
not just wearing class I mean I don't
what kind of democracy is this I just
there's a special place in hell for all
high school students number three going
to the mall not know about you but my
high school was across the street from a
mall and for some reason going to the
mall during lunch break was the coolest
thing on the planet like if you weren't
going to the mall what were you doing
the answer is nothing
bell rings lunch starts just cross the
street like an old G Jess I got a bright
can't talk right now okay I'm walking
through the mall unless you walk into
the mall we can't be have this
conversation again because the mall is
where it's at right now slow-motion walk
into the food court buy the cheapest
item at McDonald's okay pulls up at our
table just like y'all we all here eating
lunch
hashtag male and you don't get it
twisted okay I'm up here in the malls I
wanted to okay I could go into any
retail establishment and pretend like
I'm gonna
by something because I got options I'm
out here on school property okay I'm on
my cell phone I'm chewing gum you see
the snapback it's on my head okay ain't
nothing you could do about it we all
here in the mall I what you think this
is a game boy what up t-shirt reference
it's been a while number for the date
I'ma be real with you okay I haven't
known what day it is since I graduated
without having to write the date every
day in my binder I don't know what the f
is going on the other day I woke up on
the weekend feeling good excited my I
slept in this is amazing six hours later
I found out it was Wednesday
I can't even competently throwback
Thursday on Instagram I can't even say
going up on a Tuesday because let's be
real might be Monday that I'm gonna look
like a fool and lose all my street cred
I can't take that risk
number five bathroom breaks going to the
bathroom in high school is 10% because
you have to pee and 90% have a secret
meet up with your friends back when I
was in high school there was two ways to
arrange a secret Meetup the first way is
a pre-arranged time we like your Stasi
10:35 a.m. first-floor bathroom don't be
late
I'll be waiting this never happens to
you arrange a time you're sitting in
classes 1034 you're like okay one more
minute left I got this and then Bobby
over here raises his head and asked to
go to Washington you like this guy
intervening with my ish Bobby Lilly's
gonna be downstairs up in the washroom
cold alone shivering thinking I forgot
about her Bobby
sorry Lilly I ruined our whole entire
friendship because Bobby over here he's
got a piss Bobby needs a new bladder
Bobby maybe you should stop eating bean
burritos for breakfast Bobby that you
would be messing with my friendship
Bobby it's um Bobby your name is Bobby
I'm so sorry
or number two you slowly walk by your
friends classroom and try to drop
signals Kindle leasing please report to
the first floor bathroom
that five-minute bathroom break with
your friends in high school is the best
turn up you can have walking to the
bathroom like yo let's go 1:9 I haven't
seen you since first period you can look
taller how you bring your friends just
like oh my god so Eric fully talk to me
you're like girl you have 2.5 minutes to
tell me everything
but wait don't just repeat do I have to
pee don't be ridiculous number 6 peer
evaluation ok not my be straight up with
you I'm sure being a teacher is hard
it's difficult you deal with a lot you
have a lot of work to do but in all
honesty pure evaluation is a complete
and utter joke so what you're telling me
is this test this test right here that's
gonna determine my final grade in this
class ok I'm gonna finish it then I'm
gonna pass it backwards to my best
friend sitting right here okay who's
gonna mock my test that I did complete
me in pencil is that what you're telling
are you ok
is your brain working teacher do you
understand what you're telling me what
the hell are you doing ok I'm gonna
become a doctor one day
and accidentally kill people as gonna be
your fault because I'm about to get a
hundred percent on the test right now
although let's be real good real friends
don't give other friends 100 percent
because that's way too obvious to give
them like a good 97 98 percent and
heaven forbid you turn around okay and
the girl who's sitting behind you is
that girl whose boyfriend you actually
made out with yeah you might as well
just start walking to summer school
right now okay I don't care if it's
February because go you going to Clown
College you get your test back since
like 4% okay question number one what's
four to the power of 60 answer you wrote
watermelon like I don't remember writing
that down and that my friends is what we
call karma high school edition oh what's
that you accidentally flirted with my
boyfriend Oh oh my god would you look at
that looks like you can answer anything
on the second page huh yeah I really do
miss high school but then I remember
that now I'm an adult and I can do
whatever that I want the life is great
so I feel better about it
yo I hope you enjoyed that video if you
did give the big thumbs-up let's see how
many thumbs is up we can get Kajol that
ish makes me feel good in my heart
comment below letting me know if I
forgot anything about what your best
high school
appearances words let me know cuz I
don't know check out my last video is
right there it's called the difference
between you and your parents my blogs
are right there on my second channel
also a TTY movie is available on YouTube
read the link is in the description
check that out and it's good I promise
it's good so go ahead and watch that
also make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday one love superwoman that is a
wrap and body
