this entire video is based on a true
story what up everyone it's a girl
superwoman and the other day I had
family over and we had all the typical
conversations hi everyone
Lilly you say hello to Auntie I just did
say hello hi auntie uncle over there -
sassy go uncle G hi how is everyone
hello you know leaving a big movie star
now dad that is not true yes that's good
Lilly I have serious question okay then
you're going to give me one role in
movie huh huh no no no it's you're going
to give me your first right illy no no
no no really me me okay I can play age
of 25 to 35 that's right married or
unwed what you heard me you know they
say in a movie more successful than fast
and furious they say in her movie
faster faster furious that's right here
on news that's that's not even a little
true fact I want him in these situations
as per usual I look around like holy
crap I'm in a parallel universe where
nothing makes sense I'm in some effed up
1970s Indian version of the matrix
except I didn't take no damn pill
I was just forced to be here now let me
know if you can relate because every
time I'm surrounded by my older family
members my inner brat comes out and I'm
just like dude I will never be like any
of these people just looking around like
you're me and my friends were cool AF
okay we're never gonna be like this and
I'm gonna tell you that you couldn't be
more wrong because after some analysis I
realized that our parents and I have the
same exact tendencies with just slight
differences and being the scientists
that I am I narrowed it down to four key
elements number one details now have you
noticed that when your parents talked
about what they did throughout the day
it's an extreme unnecessary detail do
they I coming home from work
mmm so much traffic Oh highway traffic
mm there's a steel Avenue traffic but we
Markham Road traffic mmm three o'clock
traffic mmm very four o'clock traffic
what about five o'clock traffic hmm
I come home so Bradley hungry okay I buy
one soup on where you know from ballmart
399 mushroom onion tomato that's like
warm vegetable soup okay I say I'm going
to eat I'm so bloody hungry I open I put
in microwave to three minute you know
make it hot I take out I take one bite
not enough salt I put this much salt in
how much this is much just this much
this much salt I try again no better
I eat soup I finished soup after that I
wash some grape
I eat grape mmm I finished soup I
finished grape I think okay now I need
water I fill up glass water this big
glass water I drink this I say okay now
I'm okay mm-hmm mm-hmm like it is
absolutely ridiculous all the random
irrelevant crap they talk about that
doesn't even matter I told I told myself
turn the phone on no but call me during
my veto yeah I make a video and now
you're in the video wait what what do
you say what how do you say it what what
did you say what did you say lol wait
did you use an emoji what how long was
he typing for when was this okay
and don't tell me exactly what I said
would you say before that okay and did
you say here did you say his name oh my
god hold on number 2 News
now let's be honest okay our parents pay
attention to absolutely irrelevant
ridiculous news that does not matter boy
you might be saying jeez one of the
worst thing you can eat the same on news
right now okay this is called heart
attack okay high cholesterol blindness
wear it again okay
I'm being serious say things like now
Kelly no more bloody mac and cheese jet
team jeez okay God makes lower teeth
my parents will literally believe
anything and everything they hear and
see in the news and sometimes they'll
jump to their own assumptions and just
generalize the a finer thing unlike
myself and you fellow you that only pays
attention to import
that groundbreaking life-altering events
wait wait why is Demi and Taylor
trending wait Taylor donated 250 K what
did Demi tweet oh my god they got in a
fight
Taylor didn't tweet anything go she
didn't do anything mMmmm I missing
something I bet you they fought in a
club you got a bet you got arrested wait
what is the main issue here is there a
bigger concern that I'm missing nah nah
it's probably just about Demi and Taylor
I'm so informed number three jokes it is
scientific fact that our parents tell
lame repetitive jokes scientific fact
just like physics chemistry astronomy
the planets are never going to change
send by grade 9 teacher why do Hannah
Montana and Pluto have in common both
their lives are alive
Lily I have serious question okay then
you're going to give me one role in
movie huh huh maybe a super lady huh
because you're superwoman ah I I can be
super Dada that's right no no wait wait
not the super dad don't know super duper
Dada little you get it because you're
superwoman super duper yeah I like I get
it I got it
wait wait wait wait you know who I will
be you know I don't know super mom she's
a cashew my daughter and what was the
best thing is it we've all experienced
this man our parents are just not funny
unlike us because let's face it all
jokes they're funny they're intelligent
they're witty and everyone laughs every
single time so other day I buy one
eggplant so big this so big eggplant
that's what she said hey who said I
didn't say no no she said that's what
she said very she when did I say I never
heard you say
no I never said big I mean maybe you say
huh no no I never ever say big if it fit
who said what huh number four the blame
game when something goes wrong my
parents have a list of things and people
to blame for it
mom dad have you seen my keys I can't
find them anywhere because you're always
on phone what because every day YouTube
because you're hanging out with that bad
girl the one that West Shore -
scarred-up Moga that was a kilt it's
cultural because you're talking to voice
always outside not wearing bloody jacket
it's summer do you know why because you
always telling people home address
you say what happened when you get shoe
inside house okay you don't drink enough
water okay this what happened when you
don't listen mummy daddy do eating too
much jeez it makes absolutely no sense
to see me on the other hand when
something goes wrong in my life I handle
like a mature responsible reasonably go
Lilly why you homes already late huh my
stupid phone is I broke it hmm you like
never tell me the right time what is it
daylight savings time man look look
look look it's frozen oh no no you don't
happen Lindsay got sick Oh easy and then
I called for an uber and the uber
cancelled like five times you know I
think that is wrong yeah mm-hmm
and then what happens I tried I tried
calling you and the phone was busy I
told you to hang up the phone properly
and then we went for dinner and I had
this burger and I got sick I was
throwing up for like five hours yeah
five pull out your probably had cheese
in it so now you feel it I can feel sick
right you feel sick right now and
honestly another thing that you can baby
me so much I would adult now
oh yeah and you don't nothing why I was
they because our driveway is so damn
long I got to the bottom of the driveway
like ten look what time it is now 11:30
I see exactly and I was outside we use
the doorbell for like 15 minutes and you
didn't answer that I finally found the
key and took me like five minutes
because a lock is like I told you change
a lot lock is broken the lock and the
lock is broken and I came in here and lo
behold
in this conversation so I really don't
know what you owe me to do long story
short we saw laughing crazy yo hope you
enjoyed that video if you did you'll
give it a thumbs up because that stuff
matters to me and I need to see how many
thousands is up there or so if you feel
that you liked it give it a thumbs up
please comment below let me know if you
can relate if you want to check out my
last view is right there is called five
real ways to get work done some
motivation for you my blogs are right
over there also if you want to check out
the future fill my trip to unicorn
Island our first ever feature film the
link is in description to check it out
and yeah subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday like
it's kind of she's not kind of like
weird I'm here but then you're not on
that side it's kind of like it feels
like it was kind of strange to me so you
just take a second hit subscribe like I
wouldn't be mad at that because we're
kind of almost at a million and one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
I guess damn burger I got steak I was
like to Oregon for five I love my hair's
falling out look dizzy this is why I'm
late this is why I'm late
bye why
