warning only watch this if you want to
conquer the world whatever one's a girl
soup woman and if you've never seen any
of my videos hi my name is lily and I
suck at a lot of things I can't multiply
and that includes reproducing because
I'm a horrible girlfriend and I don't
know how to be sexy no for real I can't
even turn my iPod on by touching you and
I'm horrible at spelling when I used to
write essays for school I would title
them the red squiggly line one girl's
story about bags spilling but I'm pretty
damn good at one thing that's getting
ish done I recently released my movie a
trip to unicorn Island and after
watching it a lot of people messaged me
and called me was like I am so inspired
to work harder in my life and that make
me really happy and so I decided to make
this video so if you're watching one of
my videos for the first time it gave
this video it's probably because someone
sent it to you because they think you
should do some damn work or maybe you
were just randomly going through social
media and you found this video in which
case you weren't doing any damn work to
begin with either way I'm going to tell
you five real ways to get work done and
I say real ways because he's not gonna
be cute adorable tumblr Eska ways not
gonna be real ways that might not be so
fun
consider this the effing Buckley's of
work guidelines tastes terrible
but it works also side note you
shouldn't be tasting or eating these
guidelines number one say it out loud
work can be overwhelming sometimes you
have one day to do 50 things and your
brain doesn't know how to handle it you
get stressed and if you're anything like
me this is how your brain works okay I
need to check 50 emails I'm to apply to
those 10 urgent emails okay I need to
edit that video as well oh my god I
think I have that essay due tomorrow I
have to be my credit card bill have to
buy a birthday present for my sister I
have to wash my hair hmm you know I
better take a nap now here is how you
get over that overwhelming sensation
it's simple but it works whenever I have
a crapload of things to do I literally
look like a deer in headlights just like
and you might be able to relate the key
is to stop doing that and instead make a
plan and say it out loud something super
simple like okay really this is what's
gonna happen you're shut up this was
gonna happen you're gonna take a deep
breath and then you're gonna go to these
meetings you're gonna come back home
we're gonna edit this video if you
respond to these emails and then you're
gonna go to bed before I go to bed
you're gonna be like oh my god I did it
that was wonderful I
I knew I could do it that is what you
are gonna do and you will do nothing
else here we go a few key points for
this to work though first you need to be
certain with yourself okay this is not a
greeting card to yourself from yourself
I don't want to hear no hey I know
you're tired but you know I really want
you to get this done you know that would
be really nice because dreams are made
of roses I know there's only one person
that can actually put you in check and
that is you okay and dreams are made of
roses dreams are made of your potential
so lay the smackdown on yourself and let
you know who's boss and that's you
second within the statement you need to
give yourself a starting action like how
I said you're gonna take a deep breath
then it's kind of like the gun shot at
the beginning of the race it tells you
that hey this is the key to strong this
what we're gonna do this means things
are starting or else you might generic
game plan and then just never do it this
could be a clap it could be a jump it
could be a stretch it could be a booty
pop whatever you want third make sure
you say this plan out loud okay it's not
to be said in your brain your brain is
already filled with stupid memes and hot
people that you shouldn't be thinking
about there's no more room for thoughts
up in there there's something about
hearing your plan out loud that makes it
very real and makes you understand it
fourth you have to end with a concluding
statement like how I said before you
sleep you're gonna think of all the
things you did and feel awesome sauce I
don't think that's exactly what I said
but something along those lines because
that's positive reinforcement for
yourself and at the end of the night
when you actually review all the things
you did and realize that it worked
that'll encourage you to do again
tomorrow detective dessert after all
vegetables number two have two to-do
lists to do to have two to-do lists
Savannah to chance I don't know that's
where my brain went everyone says
they're working but I believe 1% of
people are actually working the other
99% of people are just making juist and
to do this are great unless you're doing
them wrong which case they're totally
pointless because some people out here
treating to-do list like their vision
boards like effing bucket lists like
effing life goals tell me if you can
relate have you ever made to-do list
that looks like this
finish essay read chapters 1 through 5
buy a new jacket respond to all emails
and inbox clean and find true love grow
hair so I can do that cute braid learn
to play chess get six-pack and if that's
what you're to do this looks like you my
friend need to calm the F down okay
because posters aren't genies
they don't make wishes come true
Landon took place in Audubon not as an
office people and I know I know when
you're making the to-do list it's so
tempting to think you're invincible
you're gonna do all this stuff today
okay you were running your to-do list it
looks like the effing lyrics to Rihanna
and drinks new songs like to work work
work work or just be real I find the
keys to have two to-do lists wonderful
things you're gonna do today okay before
you sleep and one for longer-term
Google's example today we chapter one
longer-term goal read chapters one
through five if you want you can even
have a third list called lol where you
write things like find true love number
three don't cross off accomplishments
this also has to do with to do this that
is to do with them and why is that so
hard to say I feel like when people
finish something on their to bubas they
either cross it off or erase it and I
don't think that's the right thing to do
I think it's important to visually see
all the things you accomplished in a day
so you don't feel like a useless turd
instead of crossing things off literally
take items and move them onto a list
titled done that way before you sleep
you can see how many things you
accomplished all the things you might
have forgotten you can think hey I was
really productive today or holy crap I'm
a complete failure it's all about
perspective and can I just say that I do
this and it's helped a lot and this is
literally the only use for a whiteboard
because I know we like to convince
ourselves that buying a whiteboard makes
us productive and really we just never
use them at twenty whiteboards never use
them absolutely useless except for this
a done list start fresh every morning
also a great alternative use if you want
to end a relationship just write your
significant others name on the done list
hey don't do that your Dirk number four
get out to friendzone and no I'm not
talking to you Bob okay bob was cute
that is every girl's bro okay cuz he's
so adorable I can't ever get that booty
Bob it's not about you like after you
for you Bob but it's not about you this
is for people who want to actually
succeed in life I'm sure this is not the
first time you've heard this but is
significantly easier to get work done
when you're surrounded by like-minded
people in fact that is almost half of
the reason I moved to LA but isn't that
about me
no you doesn't mean you got to move to
another country you've got if you want
but you gotta I mean if you
hit me up if you're lucky the people who
hustle and motivate you are your friends
but can I be honest they're likely not I
bet your friends are so great at holding
your hair back while you puke at eating
pizza with you and gossiping with you
taking ugly selfies with you hanging out
with you watching movies with you great
do all that stuff with them but it's are
not great at working with you why are
you with them when you're trying to get
work done you need to find people to
work with that work harder than you okay
when you're in a room with them you feel
guilty because their work as a hardened
you're like holy crap I need to get my
ish together and if that's not your
friends and so be it that means it's
okay to say hey no you can't come over
cuz I have work to do different people
work in different situations
number five kill distractions we always
say things like man I get distracted
some people keep calling me people keep
texting me - can't concentrate acting
like our phone controls us know you're
getting distracted because you are
allowing yourself to get distracted and
I do this all the time and I've just
taught myself now when I need to get
work done it's not like I have facebook
turn all that stuff open and I just
ignore no actually close all of those
tabs so I can't even see them up in my
peripherals you need to be self aware
okay being productive and focusing on
something doesn't mean ignoring the ping
on your phone it means put yourself in a
position where you can't even hear the
ping on your phone because you know your
brain is gonna cave in you're gonna want
to know who texted you put that issue on
silent put it in another room and get
your work done close facebook close
Twitter close YouTube and I mean I mean
you ain't gotta close you to your wine
to help your brain focus I mean it's the
least you could do after all those shots
of tequila I'm stabbing it with a q-tip
hey I hope you enjoyed that video now
listen here is what we are gonna do I am
going to edit this video then I'm going
to release this video if you like it so
give it a thumbs up comment below
letting me know if it was helpful
you could check out my video right there
my last video my vlogs are over there
you should subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday but if
you have work to do don't listen to
anything I said
ignore that all because when I clap and
this videos done you are gonna get to
work and share this video with people
you also need to hear it let's come to
the world
one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop let's get to work I met
thousands of people and every single
time it felt like this is not a stranger
this is someone I've known forever
