where in the world is superwoman today a
Toronto what if I wanted to girl
superwoman I have no space to even stand
oh my god my old room is so messy still
some things never change this is a very
serious video a mature adult serious
matter
peeing what's up with that as I was
flying back home to Toronto I was in the
airport and I had to pee so I walked
into the washroom and then I noticed a
tendency that I had and that is in my
brain for some reason no one can know
I'm peeing I will literally go from here
to F in Timbuktu F and M luck 3 if I
have to just to assure that no one knows
I am taking a piss is this just me
everyone I know everyone except for me
up OK we've established God's innocent
here Pooh but everyone else they're
pissing all over the place pissing on
walls pissing in the pool pissing in
buckets and restaurants you know who you
are
but for some reason I am so embarrassed
at the idea that my body passes food
through and therefore I urinate why um
because it makes a sound duh so I really
need to know if this is just me because
while peeing I do the following 4
ridiculous things number one if I'm
peeing at someone's house and they're
close by to the location in which I'm
peeing I'll walk into the washroom and
instantly turn on the faucet why because
the faucet will drown out the noise of
my pee so now the faucet is just running
the entire time but what the f am i
doing I'm wasting water I'm killing Nemo
I'm out here acting like I'm doing the
ice bucket challenge Little Mermaid is
gonna turn into a Land Shark because of
me here's the thing right why do I even
think this is smart well I'm just gonna
assume that the person's gonna hear the
fossum big oh maybe Lily's just washing
her hand for 2 mins or or maybe Lilly
just decided to wash her face let's be
real okay
I am washing my face with this winged
liner midday
don't be ridiculous that work that girl
thing a while do you get they know
exactly why I'm doing camp putting on
the faucet to hide my embarrassing pee
noise because what if my pee sounds
weird what if everyone else is in on the
secret everyone else's pee sounds normal
everyone else's pb-7 like an egg Sheeran
song ok and I'm over here my pee sounds
like action Skrillex Oh
I know I'm not fooling anyone okay cuz
if you combine the fake faucet with me
actually watching man in terms it's like
four minutes of the foster that's it me
now you're known as piss town can peg
you piss founded Peggy Peggy hmm number
two I live in a public washroom with a
friend and I go into the stall and
they're standing outside of the stall I
will have a really loud conversation
while I'm peeing in hopes that my voice
will cover the sound of my pee walk into
stalled hey hey so what you're doing
today
nothing oh my god
that's how there is this oh my god I
like muffins and now I just sound like a
nature CD featuring a crackhead just
like a soothing river with a lunatics
beep you're not dumb I'm a crazy person
they can still hear you peeing number
three if I'm alone in a public washroom
I'm like alright here we go
I'm ready to pass on h2 Hisle I'm about
to pee of Austria straight-up I'm a pee
so good right now it's gonna affect oh
and Q here we go open the gates
sorry yeah my tours right now because
this right here is Niagara Falls zombie
intervenes sin then what do I hear
someone entering the washroom what
happened my BJJ literally snaps closed
and my pee stopped instantly and now my
vajayjay is an inspector and
investigator is a detective just like
who's there who's there and then I'm
gonna let a little increments of P as
tester pees just EEP they're loud but
really I'm gonna hold my tea no person
leave so essentially live demonstration
would be this
why because I'm pretty sure if someone
hears me pee my life will likely be over
number four now there are these rare
occasions okay when the stars align
okay maybe the toilet bowl is having a
good day maybe my pieces ition is 100
okay and my key is somehow someway
silent my pee is on fleek I don't know
the science I just know it's fake and
when this happens I'm not gonna laugh I
have a mini celebration okay why because
my pee is a beautiful silent film this
is a mother effing - Pete upper here
okay and this B is beautiful it deserves
some recognition but then while I'm
doing my happy dance like pizza salad I
guess I changed the positioning I ruined
the chemistry and suddenly my peace
talks thundering down and that's what
happened I celebrated too early I paid
the price now everyone knows I pee but
regardless of what happens in that stall
when I walk out my face couldn't more
say I'd just be me banana you got the
wrong person cuz I'm a pretend like no
peeing took place no activity took place
me and I'm about that I know that flush
I just flush it for fun
I just like the sound of a budget in
fact I would you wash my hands for five
no eyes on cookies it's so sticky I
ain't go wash my hands with that pecan I
Tempe I don't pee but imma just for just
just to run through the motions here I'm
going to do this i'ma just avoid eye
contact also just stare right here again
because I compete I don't know you
talking about okay that'd be you hurt
over there that that wasn't yeah run
away from the washroom set the washroom
on fire took the ashes into the ocean
then move to Mars yeah I hope you
enjoyed that video now that we're done
discussing my pee I believe we're
friends so I can tell you that our movie
a trip to unicorn Island 82 UI is
officially out on YouTube read all the
information and links are in description
let them subscribe have to check it out
I'm so proud of how it turned out
official full feature line movie and the
commercial for a play during the Grammys
today I'll friggin cool is that um
anyways anyways casual give this video a
big thumbs up if you liked it comment
below if you agree or disagree with my
pee situations done really want to know
if it's just me you want to check out my
last video called how I work up it is
right there my blogs are right there and
you know make sure you subscribe because
videos every Monday and Thursday and
only sometimes they're about my P ma
Toronto premier 82 I tomorrow one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
I know city people will love a trip to
unicorn Island because it tells a story
that everyone can relate to a story
about strength and happiness look at the
smile on my face already
