what if everyone it's a girl superwoman
and I'll snap all the technology are you
ready for this 316 s what my door look
around yeah okay is not is not yet but
when the clip starts it's gonna be in
360 which means look around up-down
left-right everywhere you want to look
because you are gonna join me and the
unicorns on stage live kind of sort of
in the future we in the future galaxy
dimension things up 360 I hope you enjoy
it because you're literally gonna be
right beside me on stage are you ready
enjoy a trip to unicorn Island everyone
to unicorn Island baby
oh my god wasn't that crazy that was so
crazy no fun for me to be next to you
because you're like one of my favorite
people ever but that was just a preview
a teaser a little tidbit if you want to
see the whole thing the link is in the
description to download the jaunt VR app
so go ahead and do that and experience
the whole entire moment go do that now
and until our next to be our experience
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
