I've built a tripod out of seven
unstable things where in the world is
superwoman today a New York said it
again ow
and sleepy AF whatever when it's a girl
superwoman and yes my face is all dead
why because I just shop for the daily
show but we'll talk about that later and
your those took two hours and I don't
get used to it
first let's talk about travel because I
do that a lot and I feel like no matter
which airline I take I'll go crazy
because all airlines seem to suck is it
just me or are airlines the devil like
will the good airline please stand up
now for me my new good airline is like
finding a stripe man at a Britney Spears
concert okay it's unlikely because
they'll get your hopes up and then
they'll drop the whole oops ah dated
game I played with jaha story time now
you already know I dislike one
particular airline that shall remain
unnamed okay the forget Baltimore
friggin Airlines that's right okay
rhymes with Air Canada so I won't even
go there I won't even discuss that but
recently a que two days ago I was flying
from Trinidad back to LA and I flew with
an airline called spirit air I know
right like the effing tumbler of
Airlines woman okay this is gonna be
great
so I had wonderful expectations okay
because I'm like ah hello who doesn't
like spirit and it was a connecting
flight so I had to do that annoying
thing where you have to collect your bag
key why I don't like what people say
collect but gotta collect your bags why
do people say that it sound like some
sad hobby like you're collecting bags
just just honestly it's just like a
fancy word I dislike when people say
collect things oh my god I'm a douche
bag makeup has changed me yet I had to
get my bag and recheck it in because I
was going through US Customs so I have
my suitcase I'm gonna check in and my
friend has his carry-on and get this
this airline charges fifty five dollars
to take a carry-on onto the plane and
$50 to check a massive suitcase
what is the logic first of all I've
never even heard of having to pay for a
carry-on bag but first be more expensive
than a large checked suitcase I just
don't even get it
Casca what honestly this is the same
stupid logic when you buy women's
clothes it's like the less material used
the more expenses the more chances of a
nip slip the more you pay who makes
these decisions
so you know we're tired we're Nord we
want to get home so we reluctantly pay
these baggage fees and then I put my bag
on the scale to weigh it and I know it's
gonna be fine because I just got off
this first play and I know it's 50 on
the dot it's gonna be amazing I'm golden
I'm basically a freakin genius and you
know what this helmet on you right now
what you said to me this lady's all up
in the place like yeah it's overweight
by ten pounds we only allow 40 and
unlike ex-squeeze-me would you allow 40
because every other airline on this
planet and probably Neptune allows 50 50
pounds 23 kgs that is the standard I
have traveled every airline never have I
heard differently it's like you're
intentionally screwing people over
because you know that these are
connecting flights in the first airline
which was cooler and hotter and had a
better booty than your airline okay did
not charge me for this bag and now you
all been here like 40 pounds the limit
you know my bag gained 40 pounds you
don't lie over package you know I pack
for every possible scenario I don't care
if I attack for tropical climate you
know I pack my snow pants just in case
so I'm like brah are you for real and
she's like yeah for you the limit for
safety reasons and here's the thing
right I feel like when any airline tells
you about baggage weight they always
have all these valid reasons oh my god
I'm so sore according to the Union our
staff can't carry anything over 40
pounds it affects the balance of the
plane our staff members are all
hunchbacks from Notre Dame we just ran
out of spirit juice and then suddenly
paying an extra fee gets rid of all of
these reasons our staff isn't allowed to
carry anything over 40 pounds for safety
reasons unless you pay an additional fee
of $25 like that's how much your spine
is worth okay all those vertebrae's all
those lumbar things you got going on
think you know that part of biology
feelings like all that has $25 you are a
valued employee or you know what what's
that I smell oh the whole thing is BS
also deadly food in my room I think I
left food in my room god damn it at this
point I'm straight-up annoyed I'm like
you know here here take a hundred
thirteen
you're gonna take my firstborn child
every Rumplestiltskin bag every kickback
my buddy macho and I don't have watching
nobody because it's like take it cut off
some of my hair give you that and then
after paying my life savings okay I look
up to see this airline slogan that reads
and I poke save more spend less and I'm
just like girl where where is this
saving you speak of there's no saving I
see no stab you see savings I see no
slavery there's no saving up in here
this airline is mother-effing Mufasa
okay nothing is being saved Simba is
crying Ali rules okay I don't mind
spending money on things that make sense
like all the things celebrities
convinced me to buy but baggage fees now
it's not just this airline okay I'm not
trying to blast this one airline okay I
already done that before been there done
that
ref you like these days all airlines
charge you for ridiculous things like
this flight didn't have complimentary
drinks or snacks in fact you had to pay
for water water I would rather watch the
notebook five s-pen times and collect my
get gather my tears in a cup okay and
drink that and pay five dollars for your
devil water oh but I can't do that
though because there's no screens on
this plane
there's no movies there's no USB ports
there's no blankets there's no soul this
plane has no soul oh my god oh my god
Kevin Hart would be disgusting and thank
God nothing went wrong because I feel
like if we had any type of serious
turbulence and those oxygen masks had to
come down there would be like a little
lock over the mouthpiece like swipe your
credit card for air and you know me I'm
cheap and start robbery table mm-hmm
try to pull up mother-effing david
blaine okay I'll take my chances okay
low that made me dizzy
that made me I need I need to get more
austere
okay and kill be real Kimbrel it's so
strange how airlines charge you for
everything
but when the airline F's up it's a
totally different story I've had flights
delayed for hours and hours and I got
airlines lose / break my baggage and you
know what the most I've gotten is let me
tell you a $75 voucher now explain to me
okay explain to me how a $75 motor for a
$900 horrible flight it's gonna make up
for anything can you can you tell me mr.
stupid airline which one of your flights
cost $75 from me to book with your
crappy airline again where am i flying
for $75 I can't even fly from freaking
car place to boardwalk with $75 get I
can't even pass go and collect $200 why
am i collecting $200 honestly well I am
never saying the word collect again I
hate I hate it I hate the word get $200
$75 but yeah the next time I go check my
mail I'll take a flight down my driver
with your $75 voucher can't even buy the
Wi-Fi on your plane with this voucher
because the Wi-Fi sauce but here's the
thing about the Wi-Fi as well you know
it's like you pay so much money for a
Wi-Fi except you can't do anything we
don't let you stream or watch videos or
transfer large files or really do
anything but but if you pay this large
sum of money for this crappy Wi-Fi you
know we'll go send a raven to go fetch
your emails do bloody stupid anyways I
hope you enjoyed that video please give
it a thumbs up comment below letting me
know about all your experiences what's
your favorite airline what are your
horror stories let me know because I
want to know this information I travel
so much also yes I was on The Daily Show
today it's already aired in eastern
standard time but Pacific Standard Time
literally if you're watching this video
maybe in like an app window I have a
watch I gave it to spirit air but at
11:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time today
in case you're watching so soon as it
comes out you can watch my Daily Show
with Trevor Noah
what
ah tomorrow I will also be on The Today
Show which is very very exciting so many
exciting then going on if you want to
check out my last video it is right
there you can check out my vlogs right
there I know make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday one love superwoman that is
a wrap and Zoop so tired
