whatever I wanted to girl superwoman and
we're 28 days into a new year which
means by now most of us have gone back
to our ratchet 2015 selves Hey and upon
some reflecting I realized that's okay
you know why because there's certain
things about me that are never gonna
change because I will always be horrible
at them number one saving files watching
me on a computer is like watching an
episode of Hoarders okay
I poured files files I don't need files
i boobie miles people sent me files that
just look cute next to other files files
I just bring out my eyes and my computer
has very evidently given me categories
to save these files in okay it's right
there in front of me photos videos what
document what else but what I want lips
but downloads
yet for some reason I continue to save
every single file onto my desktop why do
I do that straight up my desktop has so
many damn icons on it okay looks like a
friggin best hits CD and honestly it
takes less than two seconds to just save
a file in the appropriate folder but for
some reason I still can't do it
photo desktop video desktop music
desktop virus desktop antivirus desktop
and not only do I save everything onto
my desktop I also will save files with
appropriate file names oh what's this
super important file I absolutely can't
lose it on lead for the rest of my life
wasn't qpz 2 X 1 2 Z ABCD say that's not
perfect I'm a moron okay and I don't
deserve to be successful this right here
okay this is what my desktop actually
looks like this is a real picture of my
desktop where is this a desktop or is
the case of leprosy no one knows number
2 updating anything when my computer
prompts me to update my software I
laughed like I literally laugh because
to me that is a joke I have clicked
remind me tomorrow for two years now
amazing is I have quick remind me
tomorrow longer than any of my real life
relationships like that's my
I refuse to update my computer my phone
my iPad and whatever the eff is to be
updated because annoying and I would
rather click later for the rest of my
life then commit 20 minutes to update
the damn thing mostly because after you
update something you have to restart
that device and the thought of
restarting a device is unacceptable to
me and will probably be the end of my
life look what will I do for the 30
seconds it takes for my phone to restart
and I'm just put those annoying my life
in the 30 seconds my phone is sitting to
restart a fire will spontaneously start
and my leg will break okay straight out
death by iOS so f it I'm updating
nothing okay I don't care I'll pay the
consequence I don't care if the only
game on my phone
is mother effing snake Oh give me your
real talking you know that game though
we can be friends and for those who that
don't know that game live interpretation
number three
picking up my clothes okay straight up
I'm convinced that anyone who takes off
their clothes and then right away hangs
up those clothes it's just Illuminati
confirmed because there is no way okay
no way I can take off an article of
clothing and not throw it on the floor I
think we cannot do it I cannot do I
don't know if it's just an allergy or
like a spiritual belief but I just
cannot get my body to do that because I
take off a shirt on like it is missing
t-shirt okay like we had a great time
today I get it okay
but but I move on to this shirt now okay
and I'm over you you would like so two
minutes ago alright and I don't really
want to go back into my past you know
and deal with your BS okay so I just
need you to leave I need to get out of
my life
and everything you own is in a box to
the left piece stomach all it messy some
call it lazy I'll call it art my closet
is simply stepping out of the box and
expressing itself on my floor and then
and chair and car okay but to be fair if
your car is not a closet something's
wrong with you
number four packaging okay am i an
absolute dingus because I feel like I
can't open any type of packaging I'm
talking new item bag of chips pack of
cookies I cannot do it at
these days things are packaged in
preparation for the apocalypse like
these days cookies don't want to be
eaten okay I'll be trying to open a pack
of cookies no strategically opening it
tearing the corner that's like that's it
and now I have to eat all of the cookies
that I can't close again that's why I
don't have a six-pack yes that's why I
swear that's why and you know those
certain items like batteries and
scissors that come in like really
intense plastic packaging how do you
even open that why are these things
packaged so intensely why do I need to
solve the da Vinci Code to open this
pack of batteries that why do I need
scissors to open this pack of scissors I
feel that you have to lose a finger
there's no other way you have to lose a
finger and even though I know I suck at
this I'm still that douchebag that see
someone else struggling you know like
Gayle passing here let me do it then
good and then I struck why did you do
that Lily white white white thing like
you're some sort of package opening pimp
you suck you suck at this stop fronting
stop offering you Lily just stick to
things you're better at okay like
sitting you sit so good number five
emails okay so I get like 100 urgent
emails a day like straight up the movie
300 is not about Greek history it is
about me and my inbox I'm constantly
trying to win that battle okay but I
have a really bad habit of doing this
what is this all this seems to be
important okay let me just R this mmm
okay Starr this oh yeah you know I'm
gonna come back to this let me just
start it okay I'm just gonna star this
one this one is yeah I'll come back to
all of these after my inbox is the
mother effin galaxy okay with all these
stars and yes now I have zero unread
messages but now I have 700 stars
apparently I'm Mario and a star solves
everything
I pulled my arm I have to quit you two
forever all the haters say
number six names I'm gonna just be real
with you right I'm just be real here
right now we've ever spoken ever even
once in my entire life
chances are have no idea what your name
is I'm just really bad at remembering
people's names and faces and existence
you know I'm sorry I don't know if it's
just like I have a bad memory because I
meet so many people or I'm just a
horrible person but sometimes I can meet
someone for like two or three times and
still have no idea who they are and what
their name is and it's like weird
because I'd like end the conversation in
such an awkward abrupt away and that's
why I use the terms like hey friend pal
buddy so often people think I'm friendly
but really I'm just a douchebag that has
no idea who you are
but in my defense I hope you enjoyed
that video
yeah would you like that video at my
pink arty shark tank called the Peng
give it a big thumbs up comment below
letting me know something that you are
horrible at let's just be horrible at
things together it's okay let's embrace
our flaws okay you want to check out my
last video it is right over there it is
my parents reacting to my appearance on
The Tonight Show my vlogs are right over
there
you want to follow that channel because
in a few hours I'm flying to Trinidad
and Tobago for Carnival so that's going
to be exciting it make sure you
subscribe you because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop I'm
kind of working out can you see can you
see that hold on wait those are lights
over here just stir I'm like
