what is life what about when to girl
superwoman first of all I feel super
blessed to be making this video right
here yes if you haven't heard I was
honored and privileged enough to feature
on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon
and I'm making this video for two
reasons number one
y'all requested the F out of it and
number two when I met Jimmy he told me
he was such a big fan of my parent
characters and that they made him laugh
so much and he loved the reaction video
so Jimmy this one's for you so without
further ado please enjoy my parents
reacting to me butchering on The Tonight
Show whoo
hello hello hello cool guy Mindy thing
here today I'm very proud my doctor TV
star you know have limited Genova
actress Jimmy
director Jimmy fall on daddy lighter
Palin she bury lawyer Palin they ship
the doctor give me my daughter on Jimmy
Jimmy show today's show tonight so much
show after afternoon so much evening you
mix tonight right show I'm reacting my
superstar Jimmy
who this is you yeah you look like a gun
you don't baby pretty look like this one
very first time you look like this up
you Kochi City my name is Lilly oh man
give me my name Lilly who my life like
this more often huh
better stupid you doing your parents
parents that's me I'm parents but
they're very exaggerated what character
I'm real person corrector I'm very real
boy
I'm very put up you ready hell her this
which is here and go hello yes he do
like this he damaged it there like this
which is here and good hello
no I don't ready do like this I never do
like this I'm Network cool all this goal
but I am platinum stupid he say like
this she likes a sore thumb all this
goal but I am NOT known you better steal
my line I get cheap gotta steal my line
again you see I want the royalty okay
royalty that's right it's mine
my brain baby you see monkeys you making
fun of you okay dumb head
I'm cloud that's right I am proud
because magnificent 1 billion you yeah
ok I'm not proud because you want Jimmy
said ok I'm proud because look like a
guard first time / Jimmy Fallon my
brother this traditional traditional
what they call they call cesky these
days mom very mom very cool
Jimmy think I'm funny you see Justin
Bieber that my brother I don't really
like this Jimmy ferengi door a say no no
no but um D but I'm good ah dinner
ah love you mom not she's super cool she
goes all of draenor I'm cool she they
know they know they know weekend song is
about drugs
OMG song is about drugs
I never said what drug I don't know what
just okay and she talking about advil
and drug pain relief drug weekend song
can feel by taste drug but Lillian could
better kill you okay you drawing beard
on your face very queasy with your
fingers are different when you do your
mom's yes my finger in different ages
Betty how you talking about Jimmy look
my finger normal idiot guy so dumb
regime Jim I don't draw here this in
natural letter so little bit on natural
so genuinely happy I am happy how the
Korea you have to your rooms already
daddy huh happy
of course you Betty happier one Jesus in
your bed cool and cool guys acting like
a girl
oh you mean by skittles garbage for
garbage Dwayne the rock Johnson
shirtless
I'm on Jimmy unicorn Island I'm
shirtless on his Island you like a boy
like boy booty huh I know you want to
see Rick Fiza subducting India India J
India to get into a club one day club
club was coming called the Prince of
Divine Principle but that's my brother
this is a guy who invited me out of
every other guy that has here every
other guy that asked I really get over
here you going on date and dating in
Dubai this while you were at aura dating
in India dating Australia made dating UK
Bravo do getting grounded okay no more
work toward documentary Jimmy do me
Fallon okay look my help I'm sitting so
bloody close to like Jimmy but you time
Jimmy what you trying to do here huh
trying to do like this huh try to do
like this Jimmy I'm Jimmy I'm very
watching you okay I understand
look at this cool look at this cool
hello i'm walking i'm i'm walking
getting dressed same time i multitask
include me i'm cesky I am cesky Jimmy
Jimmy calling my daughter come on so
tell me about God if you Club God Prince
of Dubai we doing mini skirt then Zig
right I want to sit next to Jimmy hello
mommy I want to go teeny Jimmy talk so
he ever talks or look at this they
bloody making babies he said he loved me
I want is to all Island
why the bloody hell you sitting so close
not sitting like guru Oh Jimmy I go well
Oh Jim you who are Jimmy no Jimmy don't
worry one day I would call you over if
we going to think together beer okay
thank you are you sure you have to be
cool guy Jimmy give me that's it no more
delay Jimmy Jimmy Bobby nobody can you
know Jimmy called me tell my Jesus I
want to come on my sail you I won't come
and then his director say no we cannot
have Manjeet Singh okay because when
Jesus is going to steal V word you know
he poo sexy I say okay take Lily that's
okay no more Google no more Siri
look look this is my brother watch watch
this one watches are no more bloody link
10 okay we matching bread look at this
one
no more poking thank you blessed life
hope you enjoyed that if you want to
check out the complete clips there are
three of them I'll put them right here
but you can click on these links and
they'll open a new window if you want to
check out the complete interviews and if
you're on a phone in the annotations
don't work a bra don't worry I got you
widen trip and know all the links are in
the description as well just give you a
second to do that now on to the end card
yeah hope you enjoyed that video if you
did you know what to do give it a big
thumbs up comment below let me know your
favorite part you want to check out my
last video it is right there and called
something about my thoughts during a
conversation and stuff but check it out
it's funny so make it up
you want to check on my vlogs they are
right there and you make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and I want you
to be there because if you're not there
then I'm just a weirdo with the camera
you make this okay
yeah imma you know what I'm one love
superwoman that is a wrap end
