where in the world is superwoman today
in New York what am I going to girl
superwoman now hold up wait a minute let
me put some info in it I never make
videos like this one of those videos on
this channel my main channel I just want
to make you laugh I don't want you to
have to care about me at all
I don't I don't help your bad day maybe
make a giggle but here's the deal go
right I spent all day on a plane and I
just landed NYC and it's like
2:20 a.m. and I didn't want to miss
video day so I decided to make this an
announcement video so if you're looking
for someone to make you laugh don't
watch this video in this video this
video sucks if you want to laugh watch
Miranda sings my boo she's funny she's
gonna make you up if you want to watch
someone talented right now you were
watching them destroyed okay she bombs
don't watch this video
what am i laughing DJ Calvin on snapchat
okay keen but if you do want to keep
watching I want to share something very
very exciting with you and that is I'm
gonna be on the Jimmy Fallon show
tomorrow well thank you be today Friday
January 22nd I'm so excited and very
nervous I'm so excited
I have plain face and to be honest I
only got this opportunity because of all
of you and your support so all these
alright to share it with you I sort of
got this is some real unscripted talk
right now I used to be a really sad
person and now I'm really happy and I
get to do cool things like this and it's
I'm not happy because I mean I'm happy
cuz I get to go on the Jimmy Fallon show
and that's awesome and cool but that
that's not why I'm happy I'm happy
because I get to do that because you
supported me I'm happy because you
support me I'm happy because you don't
even know me you know me but you might
not know me know me and you believed in
me and now I get to on the Jimmy Fallon
show this is this is some fields right
here I don't want to make this
sentimental this is not a sentimental
like oh my god oh you know how grateful
I am but this is not that this is just
excitement video because we're in this
together team super so tune in tomorrow
I will put all the information in the
description I would love for you to
watch I would love to get a conversation
started on Twitter so use the hashtag
Lily on Fallon before the show and
during the show and just I'm gonna just
tell you have so many more announcements
like this that I can't tell you yet that
has to do with things like this and with
the eighty to iMovie so make sure you
follow me on my social Zoar you up don't
whatever I don't care I'm just happy
you're here now if you'll excuse me I'm
gonna take several nervous poops yeah I
know that video wasn't funny to make up
for it I'll make a few weird faces
hopefully I made you laugh if you want
to check out my last video which
probably a kind of sort of maybe might
be funny it is right there my blogs are
right there if you want to follow me
along this Jimmy song experience check
out my blog subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and I
will see you on the Jimmy Fallon show in
a few hours and on Twitter Lily on
Fallon
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
