I have all the mosquito bites what
everyone's a girl superwoman and I'm a
pretty social person occasionally
sometimes okay on Twitter just kidding I
love people but sometimes I'm having
conversations with them my brain is in a
completely different place
anyways no I'm tired
how is this skin so clear I feel like
guys have such nice skin you know I bet
he drinks a lot of water and maybe it's
jeans I should drink more water oh but
it has no taste okay fine I'll drink
water but I'll put kool-aid in it that's
pretty much juice I mean I juice is 99%
water anyway so that'll work
note to self bicoid recuperate
everything every way and then I told him
something all that people wait does it
look like I'm toning out okay a better
nod nod nod nod phew that was close
I've been to other resorts before but
this one was so different and he says
the world is different so here nice I
mean I like those other ones but this
one was different and like we had why is
he saying it like that it was so
different looks different different what
stop saying it like that could be so
different
why can't you see oh my god stop I'm
gonna laughs I'm gonna last so different
really different really really different
think of a sad puppy sad puppy dead
puppy oh my god I'm dying different okay
cover your mouth and laugh fake yawn ah
nailed it my god is different even a
word differ differ different differ my
god it's not a word oh my god what if I
just like punched him in the face right
now like I don't want to but like what
if I did
oh yes I got that covered or wait wait
what if I just kissed him right now I
wonder what he'd do
guess what
thing and when I'm just one guy and god
I'm so hungry I have so much to do okay
I have to go to the gym today Lily you
have to I wonder what he looks like
without a shirt am I making a per face
oh my god I'm such a perv change your
face right now change it and so you
think that kind of like his hat you know
I should get a hat like that I should
ask him where he got his hat it's really
cool hat oh my god how am I just
noticing this hat look back and I was
like wait wait where do I look but Melky
had his lips too easily look at his eyes
wait is this awkward oh my god no I
don't know where to look
oh did this photo shoot today on crap I
haven't made a facial expression a few
seconds of better smile and smiles
amazing maybe a slight laugh or so like
you're impressed nailing it you showed
me some funds I was ecstatic like I have
no idea what that word means but I'm
gonna pretend like I do okay I don't
know who that person is I better think
of what to say next wait wait oh my god
one do I smell let me check conversation
now I'm good huh I'm such a social
butterfly that smells great
am I like a bad person nah yo straight
up I can't tell you how many times
someone's use the word in a conversation
I have no idea what it meant just like
oh yes the color red is very valediction
and you know what the air is very
copious with phosphorus and
contradiction malleable is this just me
catch a thumbs up mind if you do the
exact same thing whereas stupid yeah I
hope you enjoyed that video if you did
give a big thumbs up also comment below
let me know if I missed any of the
thoughts that go through your head or
you're having a conversation someone if
you want to check out my last video it
is right there it's called types of
people on vacation my blogs are right
there if you follow if you want a little
food you want to follow along my trip to
Mexico my vlogs are right there on my
second channel and you'll make sure you
subscribe to the NICU videos every
Monday and Thursday and I'd love for you
to be there one love superwoman that is
a wrap end
how's that for valediction that
addictions that means farewell right yep
can you believe I was valedictorian
