where in the world is superwoman today a
Mexico what about me when it's a girl
superwoman and am on vacation well kind
of sort okay we're like sort of I'm
still like working but I'm like eating a
lot of quesadillas and like drinking a
lot of cosmos haha okay I know it's all
love but I just find it very amusing
when people from out of the country try
to speak another language and they're
like so serious about it whole a Senor
uno cerveza por fellow or it's like when
people come up to me like oh my god I
love speaking Indian oh my god I really
like that movie Kuch Kuch Hota Hey and
then I had some samosas and it grabbed
Chinese if you've ever been on location
you'll know exactly what I'm talking
about if you've never been to a resort
yet then let me tell you exactly what
goes down welcome two types of people on
vacation number one the invincible
vacationer right now the weather here is
horrible it is windy and rainy and cold
and not I do like straight-up the white
walkers are on their way but regardless
of this fact when I walk around the
resort I see mad people up in their
bikinis lying down on these beach chairs
like brah
and you my friend are in severe motherf
in denial okay I know we all paid a lot
of money to be here and we expected it
to be hot and nice you know like our old
Windows XP wallpaper but we need to come
to terms with the fact that that's not
the case these are the people that
didn't think for a second it would be
cold so I didn't pack a single sweater
and they didn't pack a single pair of
full-length pants and now they up on
this resort for renting oh it's just
funny because you're lying if you say
you're not cold you got mad bumps cut
your arm your arm looks like effing
Braille okay if a blind person was here
right now don't touch your arm and think
it's a novel so just calm down with your
Olaf looking self it is it is cloudy as
hell right now
but I walked around I saw some people
putting on tanning lotion tanning
there's no Sun you have a better chance
of being tan from your iPhone screen
while taking a selfie than the Sun right
now because mister Sun don't care about
you okay mister Sun has changed mister
Sun is wearing less and goin out more
okay mr. Sun needs to just be himself
right now he's someone else okay he used
to call you on your cell phone
for real I appreciate your commitment
though because it's thunderstorm II and
you're by the beach be like nah
now can I use the palm on vacation days
for this okay so I might just sit here
and you're like shivering sipping a
martini well the good news is if we need
to cut glass we'll just use your nipples
stop being crazy go inside and play some
Yahtzee number two the spring breakers
Spain these people are always turned it
was one guy I met on vacation last year
in every single time I saw him he was
drunk okay and I saw him like seven
times on a one-week vacation
he was never sober when I say drunk I
don't just mean like drunk I mean he was
so mangled like drunk like falling down
blackout drunk on one day my friends and
I helped him get into a taxi on the next
day we helped him walk to his room on
the third day we convinced him not to
climb the side of a building like where
are your friends and how is your liver
because straight up I want to send your
liver like an edible arrangement okay
your liver deserves a mother effing a
greeting is it just me or am I like
extra funny today
or is it just the cosmos I don't know
either way killing it these people are
usually partying hard
shirtless hat backwards and yelling
Spring Break forever and I'm like bro
it's January this this is a family
resort next short your life up number
three the beach bow this is the girl who
looks sexy as hell for the entire
vacation and this girl is not me
my identification is sleeping in missing
breakfast eating fries all day long
wearing my sweatpants not shaving
being as lazy and ugly as possible on
the beach all day long but this girl not
this Hill got seven two outfits
pre-planned on point her legs are shaved
her areas or wax her eyelashes are
curled her eyeliner is on fleek and she
clearly did a lot of squats preparing
for this vacation because her butt
looked like an 8 my butt her butt looks
like the picture of my butt with post on
Instagram with the hashtag goals her
butt so nice that she probably straight
up be enough to buy a bikini bottom okay
the bikini bottom she's probably bought
a lottery ticket and won she got that
type of booty so nice that she probably
don't even fart cuz let's be real
booties are
like you know look we don't fire like
yesterday while clubbing me my friend
decided like there's no way be on safe
our issues the sick that's cat like can
you imagine Beyonce party Beyonce
jazzy doesn't fart the other doesn't
poop that is just science me the only
time I who squats is if I drop a fry
because let's be real I must still eat
that fryer ha five-second rule I respect
the scroll and I admire this girl
because I could never be this girl my
nails are not dead my legs are not
shaved in fact but one day that I do
have to wear a dress here I'm gonna
shave 3/4 of my leg so it's gonna be
like hardwood floor and the rest is
gonna be area rug and you know I'm okay
with that it's vacation if I want to
have one eyebrow that's house gonna be
number 4 insta Turner's can we be real
for a second let's actually be honest
have a real moment how many of you walk
into nice places and your brain
instantly starts looking out for all the
Instagram opportunities raise your hand
boom boom I'm super guilty of this now
just be real with you ok people on
vacation for two reason 60% take selfies
40% eat food that's just what it is and
you know I've got to get all those
typical beach pictures you know your
legs and then the water off in the
distance your feet in the sand holding
the drink up in the air the view from
the room except ours is of a building is
that a jail and isn't just me this is so
ridiculous but when I take pictures on
the beach I like it to seem like I'm the
only person on the beach although I know
that makes no sense there's clearly
hundreds of people on this resort but
when my friend takes a picture of me I
need them to wait so that no one is
walking in the background and I don't
know who is more annoying me or the
people walking in the background let
brah
can you not see I'm trying to take a
picture over here two kilometers away
from you
why you want up in the background
ruining my ish what are you what are you
even doing teaching your kid how to swim
stuff that's not you okay you're ruining
my private beach illusion right now and
you know that I don't got the
capabilities or patience to Photoshop
you out so you need to crop yourself up
in real life this my beach set every
rapper number five the old fab couple
every resort has at least one couple
that is just effing fabulous I'm talking
like in their 70s or 80s and they're
dressed well they're so in love they
dance amazing and they're having more
fun than
everybody else just like salsa tango
looking good they are goals cuz
teenagers be like oh my god today we
went like to a boat party and we're like
totally jet skiing like I couldn't even
get any snapchat footage I'm so annoyed
this older couple is like today we took
a walk and send a text message it was a
great day and I really like seeing this
couple really melts my heart because I
know I will never have the patience to
grow old with someone I don't even have
the patience to wait those five seconds
to skip a YouTube ad note effect can
skip and 5 or as soon as it says I'm a
click click click just hoping that
there'll be some sort of glitch I'll
click click click click click click
click click having said that you should
never do that on my videos hmm ha number
6 the horn dogs now these the people
that go on vacation to make out to get
laid to get wild to hook up to get
frisky and they usually go home with
souvenirs like t-shirts shot glasses and
herpes yesterday we went to a club in
Cancun and it was just so amusing
watching all the people hook up and I
have a very strict no judgment rule like
you do you do what makes him happy I
ain't here to judge you but it was just
so amusing to see two complete strangers
making out for the first time because
it's like watching a history major go to
class ok there's no chemistry I thought
this one dude making out with a girl and
I'm like are you making out with her or
trying to fold her into an origami swan
she don't bend that way and then I saw
this other pyramid not and it was just
so robotic the guy was like he was like
watching two robots making her I swear
was like watching Rubik's cubes making
out with each other I swear to God I saw
some motor oil spill nothing says
vacation like making out with a complete
stranger and hoping they don't have a
history of cold sores ha ha
you I hope you enjoyed that video if you
did give it a big thumbs up because
you're on vacation and I still want to
give you a video because I love you also
owe so much if you want to check out my
last video it is right there it is my
parents reacting to Justin Bieber's what
do you mean my vlogs are right there if
you want to follow along on my trip to
Mexico and you make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
Thursday and I'd love for you to be here
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
