whatever grosso movement welcome to ask
superwoman live which is happening not
on the 14th of this month but happening
on the 11th and I will tell you why
first let me see if everything is
working y'all can see me got a very open
up but wait a minute I think you can
great because I can see here myself
look it only took me that five years to
learn how to use this welcome welcome
if you're joining for the first time
you're like wow now view on the 14th of
every month I do something called ask
Superman LIBOR for an hour or an hour
and a half we spent some quality with a
cake time I answer your questions like
you some updates on my life and
everything to you super related I give
you some shadows just a good ol time
but you every wondering I don't really
what's that all about inside 14th hmm
well I'm gonna explain to you why I am
going to Mexico tomorrow from the 12th
to the 19th and based on my previous
experience I know that the Wi-Fi on the
resort will not be able to handle a
superb license and of canceling it or
risking and not working on 14th I
decided today on the 12th so thank you
so much for the I mean the 11th or the
12th wherever you live maybe it's too
tall for you are but thank you so much
for joining me even though we're off
schedule to answer your question next
month it will be the 14th a month after
that will be on the 14th still around
the party's just this one time we're
doing it on the 11th so that's what's up
you know it's good we're gonna have a
great time which you need to do is you
reach our tweet you got Facebook we just
snap snap camera now I'm the worst at
snapchat though we're absolute worst but
I'm with that right now
I am Alive check it out enjoy the fine
boom now now now just like that so what
I just did is what y'all need to do get
the party up in here to all our team
super uniformed friends we must have
elect time though the rock there are 17
thank you so much for joining the time
oh so you want to join the fun jump onto
Twitter use the hashtag ask superwoman
live if you want calling on Twitter yet
you need to dismiss yourself okay class
is over for you know before real Twitter
my links on the description if you are
not following me miss our visit
you haven't been missing out on much I
just mostly tweet about bras and like
how much I like asparagus but yeah he's
actually got Superman I'm now I'm
through questions and there is two
thousand you here and I'm just like
that's a lot of freaking people so thank
you for being here okay let me give you
some updates on my life and in the
meantime you can tweet me some questions
and I mentioned I am going to brush on
Marty I've already turned on Maury
turning this into a strip show
it's been a while in two minutes okay
I only wear the same bra every time I'm
home because my only comfortable bra so
if you are like watching my blogs and
notice that I'm always wearing this bra
actually two or three of them this is my
comfort bra so don't be judging me I'm
not sexy I never claimed to be sexy okay
my bras mood and it is not hot and
there's no glitter on it and that's I'm
okay with that I'm okay with that yeah
so it is my friends sisters wedding but
I was forced to go to all I wanted to go
to but I was forced by my friend she's a
bluetick and so I'm going but I'm still
gonna be totally accessible instagrams
of Twitter's it's not really application
I might have one or two think it is but
yeah I'm known for seven days i
transcend of me to have no vacation not
allow it to happen but I'm gonna say to
go is we're going to Cancun and all I
can hope for is that they'll be hot
people on the beach from you Sarah
well I wouldn't get my laptop do it
we're gonna that is enough that I'm
leaving tomorrow so God knows we'll stay
up all night and make these I'm still
gonna release my Monday Thursday video
even though in Mexico but we all are you
know the wi-fi's would give it one piece
to forgive the blobs I feel like a
little bit behind or whatnot
i'ma try my best for you doll so Mexico
you know what's up yo have you heard
that usual have you heard the New York
did you tell them did you tell the news
bro the news is that now Superman videos
will come with closed captions which
means that all of our death
hearing-impaired part of here in
unicorns however you want to word it are
gonna be able to enjoy videos just like
we all enjoy your videos um which I'm
really excited about so within 24 hours
of me losing my main channel videos I
will include closed captions on them so
that you can read and those you don't
closed captions are there makes the
English subtitles that you can read so
spread the word - oh shut up there watch
also within a couple of days I think the
last 50 videos I have will also get
closed captions on them as well so you
can watch back 50 you know so so so dope
oh my god I didn't I need forgot to vlog
that don't do this hold on sorry I'm all
over the place and I'm gonna explain to
you why in a second give me two seconds
well then you'll you look look look it's
you this is you we're doing ask
superwoman live my favorite time ever
ever produce for an hour and languages
we have to do today so you were just in
my blog how do you feel about that
that's pretty cool right I know it was
not that cool but there are 53 under
here chillin I'm frazzled I mapped out
my great looks like this I'm gonna
explain why because if you're just
joining YouTube super or you've been
here a while let me break it down for
you I don't have to listen we're gonna
tour in 2015 it was called a trip to
unicorn Island truck horn 80 to you I
film who followed me around the world
and we're creating a movie based on ATT
UI which means a trip to unicorn Island
nobody knows what the movie is coming
out I might know in the movies coming
out I'm not gonna tell you when yet but
all I could say that having a lot of
meetings about it so it must mean that
soon I'm having so many meetings about
this movie and before we 6000 be here
before I let me just go pretend of a
salesperson okay this is an infomercial
okay I'm about to tell you why my little
B is gonna be let me rephrase I'm gonna
tell you why our movie is gonna be the
bomb calm okay and look into my eyes I
want to look into my eyes right now can
eighty to you on a trip to unicorn
island is not just the story of me going
on a stage around the world because I
have so many fans and I'm so freaking
cool and now it's a tour documentary nah
nah okay this movie is part of my heart
and part of my soul and you know I don't
do anything unless I choose leaving I
have watched four cuts of goofy and I
have cried every single time I watched
one and because I am so passionate the
message I wouldn't tell you what my
movies gonna do okay I'm gonna just tell
you what's up you're gonna get the movie
right you're gonna watch the movie you
are gonna finish seeing the movie and
you're gonna feel this flame in your
heart I feel like this this is just an
excuse from you touch my movie you're
gonna feel like you're gonna be sold
slide because it is a story and I
guarantee you I don't get your for
you're 40 you're 25 you're 46 you're 72
you are relate to this movie simply
because it is the story of me taking you
to a place called unicorn Island which
is my happy place that I didn't know how
to find I was a sad depressed person I
discovered a place that lives in my
heart called Unicorn island which you
all have as well and it's a story about
how I found it and how it wasn't easy
and how I took that message across the
world and to be honest had no clue what
the f I was in school that FM I don't
think I could want a world tour there
are so many ups and downs that no clue
what I was doing
so it's the story of that it's a story
of happiness it's just freaking online
Alice when you're watching right now let
me just break it down okay my movie our
movie team supers movie your movie is
gonna be dope AF and I'm not biased when
I say that I am in love with it I think
it's beautifully shot Scott did such a
good job I can't wait for you to see it
you don't know how to see it yet it's
gonna come out on YouTube red you'll
find
when their insurance day but every day
have you having meetings about this so
just keep your eyes closed I like you
think nothing has a bark about that for
a long time I'm gonna jump on Twitter to
answer some of your questions use the
hashtag ask superwoman live and I'll
answer them you know what okay silver
asks can I borrow your hair like forever
yes take it take ticket take the hair
next question is okay so and why is
asking did you get a dress yet so
everyone is like not everyone but I
don't you watched my last vlog knows for
Mexico I get a dress and a bathing suit
10,000 people watching yo this is the
most cover my bosom coming that's
amazing thank you for being here just
for the next 40 minutes we don't talk
some crap there's 11 other people
watching that what's good what's good is
always good thank you for being here
on the note of baby suits one con LA I
love LA but I haven't found a single
bathing suit up in less than $200 and
let me just explain to me I can buy a
sweater right and snow pants for $19.99
so why is it that you're gonna sell me a
bikini which is literally this like this
is this is this field of bikini is let
me show you okay why is it $300 why is
the $300 care of this stuff my lord I
don't care this is it makes no sense
look I chose to point goddamnit
honestly and so I'm going to like
frickin figure out where to get these
bikinis from because I don't freak out
cos we're gonna freakin awesome no
bikini guy dad a hell no
so I'm his livestreams done I'm trying
to go and find some bikinis and a dress
for a Mexico trip dog guy
you know god damn it no all right more
questions more questions remember have
you ever been to New Zealand asked ever
yes I've been to New Zealand and you're
let's talk about New Zealand real quick
I went to New Zealand and there's a lot
of volcanoes down if you're sitting to
be number between you see then let me
just tell you if you go on to expect
first of all it's far from everything
unless you live in Australia and far New
Zealand despite takes me like seven days
in Australia I feel like a mother of an
explorer back of the days at the call
we're just three months away now and
that's the trip to New Zealand there's a
lot of sheet there's a lot of volcanoes
there's a lot of craters and it's such a
beautiful place but I remember doing
this like skywalks thing where you walk
around this hall thing so I was elevated
and I'm like looking at New Zealand and
the tour guide isn't yeah so there's 52
active volcanoes and I mean so yes I've
been to New Zealand and it was great I
might tell you like a home in the first
shutout in five minutes which means I'm
gonna write what beautiful name on a
piece of paper and pose and tell them
what I'm gonna answer more of your
questions
okay questions
Sonia asks where have you been in India
when will you be going again I have been
- good job Billy
oh god I'm retired I send for job I live
between why I've been to Hyderabad
Bangalore I've been to I think that's it
but I look at my mad emails in my inbox
right now where the subject is like yo
we'd like to have the leave India
they're not confirmed but I'm just
putting that into your universe I got
mad emails at my inbox right now though
there's 1,400 people watching I'm kind
of scared what happened why are you even
watching me I'm a good crash with crack
under pressure
did that link do something you know I'll
dance for you I'll freestyle dance meet
a little bit okay how does that sound
you probably don't care but that's
that's okay here we go
who is your favorite youtuber to collab
with ask Robin that's a very good
question um I love climbing with I
really enjoyed Cloudy with d-trix I
thought he was so organized so prepared
as I deal with so dope so that was
really cool I also love clapping with
Connor
I think Connor and I had very similar
audience basis and like audiences loved
when you clap so I really liked that I'm
not texting you sis real quick right
you don't know you CIFAS fouseytube him
i'ma text him real quick what are you
doing because if you haven't heard we
did a cloud for his channel and we said
that if it gets over 100k likes that
he's gonna give me a lap dance so I'm
gonna try to seem I can convince him to
give you this lap dance on the slide
upstream in he replies let me actually
just call him right now because I just
texted him so I'm gonna just call you to
feel quick because you already know mama
wants a lap dance
okay and iPhone anxiety so me calling it
was like a big deal right now
but also if you don't agree review
hopefully you can see the situation
that's about to go down because if he
answers we'll see he's kind of too busy
for me all the time but we'll see
it's ringing he's probably the gym
working out those arms
mm-hmm-hmm no answer okay when he's a
tweet Yousef right now oh he's getting
his teeth whitened she just she just
getting teeth like god I'm doing a
livestream and wanted a lap dance fine
later lol don't worry either way I'll
vlog
either way hopefully owes me a lap dance
it's gonna go down and that's what I'm
you sent me a picture of his teeth
that's good thank you for that thank you
for that Yousef they look great and Suzy
just texted me say give you some tips
that come through smoothly so that you
stay watching my ish I preach
that every time I chill was Susie he
said you do this shoutouts to you Susie
real mother effin MVP and you give me a
lap dance all day every day I might even
turn the favor okay
there are sixteen hundred of you
watching here and three minutes I will
tell you how you can get a shout out for
me if that's something you care about
someone just told me I got the date
wrong yes I did I put 2015 in the title
look at that I'm a douchebag the title
of this video says 50s me in the eyeball
it's all words you know what I'm talking
about um okay okay what other questions
do we got yeah okay so someone whose
name I can't pronounce III in the lemon
Demi asks why you gotta learn about my
new camera so this video I sent my old
camera into Canon to get it repaired and
they're sorting out if they can repair
it or send me a new one right now that's
the holdup I don't enjoy
volume on the phones market so I'm
waiting for Canon to send me the fixed
camera that's why I'm vlogging on my
phone yo I'm trying I know it's kind of
ratchet quality right now but it's not
about the content I mean it's not about
the quality about the content all right
that's what's up
okay more questions and one minute a
petard winner up shoutout from me okay
what other questions we got questions we
got questions began oh my god sort of
question that was happening Oh tell you
I've got to guess who started vlogging
all 60 literally right up guess who
started vlogging my sister if you want
my mom's you know my sister's I'm
thinking about a blog and she's decide
to start vlogging so she released her
first vlog I'll share it with you all on
Twitter but be kind to her protect her
the Internet I'm very cautious with my
family doing anything on the Internet
and I am very very protective so be nice
to her show her some love I'll share it
on Twitter but she started logging
with my nephew's we're adorable as hell
so yeah short some love I'm gonna give
you all the shoutout
right I'm gonna give one to do one of
you people is gonna get a shout out my
write your name on my heart soul most
importantly a piece of paper and I'm
gonna tell you how right now which did
you choose go onto Facebook you can't
remember that one Facebook remember good
old Facebook we're gonna go there if you
don't like my page links in the
description facebook.com/ sighs III
superwoman III it's not LLC from now out
it is on one one super one one is I
Superman III I am going to post a status
that tells you exactly how you can win a
shout out it is going to say click share
on my latest video to win a live shut up
right now and go there you go
it's into the universe it's on my
Facebook page I let me share it and then
comment below saying done pick someone
who shares and give you a shout out and
now with the odds be ever in your favor
I'm gonna make some games Mortal Kombat
real quick make the odds be ever in your
favor
alright
and in the meantime I'll continue
answering your questions on the Twitter
sphere I'm surprised diagnoses a niche
yet and if you watch these live streams
you know exactly I'm talking about for
some reason every time I go live stream
I notice very itchy it's the weirdest
weirdest thing I buy okay I see what's
going on on my phone multitasking
multitasking multitasking
I'm gonna send Suzy a kiss real quick oh
that was a crying face Lucy my back
every time I say Suzy someone made
something suzuna um anyways so back on -
Twitter's Twitter sweaters right just
I'm a freestyle for you guys real quick
because I can't believe there's 1,700 of
y'all watching I don't understand what I
literally the most I've ever bought
before is like 6,000 people so I don't
really understand how this is happening
is it the time okay here's a question
question tweet me letting me know this
is serious this is your thing if you're
watching for the first time why did you
decide to watch today is it because you
saw a promotion further on instagram is
because the time of day it is
what is it that got you to watch this
maybe practical to get more people here
every month because it is a different
time home what I usually do and I just
wanna know I want no it's because I've
put it in my blog look what do you see
why you here how do you get here how do
you get it here is what I wanna know I'm
not at the Facebook post simmer for a
few minutes if you have at facebook.com/
Roman I go to share that post and I hope
you like that video which I think you
did is about people boring your phone
I'm a three-stop are you real quick I
don't know what song I'm going to dance
- I do so - I know
carnivals coming up and I might have to
go besides if I'm article because you
know I'm trying to like I'm trying to
get up carnival immense big
stop all right I'm gonna check the
Facebook post in one minute did not
bring your drink over here as if I
wasn't gonna bust this wet
what are you doing Louie I'm gonna press
refresh in about one minute on Facebook
so you got one more minute to go check
out that post share potentially win a
shout out and thank you so so much to
all 1,700 you that are here jamming out
with me it's gonna be a good 35 more
minutes that we got here chillin the F
up all right beggar super live is the
hashtag you got it who's to get a
question answered so make sure you use
that because some of y'all slacking
things you asking these questions don't
hashtag this is what you can this is you
what you do this is okay question uh
someone said I decided to watch they
because the thumbnail was the same as
your banner on youtube so Buddha's death
that's amazing um first time watching
cuz the timing is perfect
whoo first time it's not happening
during school first time it was earlier
oh I think it's because I'm watching
like the first time because YouTube sent
me no decayed notification that's your
lie is that why did you to send a
notification did YouTube work for the
first time ever is that what happened
let me know you watch because YouTube
sent your notification because I know
that's ever happen before
what the hell what the hell oh my god
amazing
all right I'm going onto Facebook I'm
refreshing your thought four three two
one refresh I know about your name on
this piece of paper importantly my heart
and soul though alright here we go we go
here we go here we go
Who am I gonna give a shout out to shout
out to shout out to Who am I gonna give
a shout out to I don't know okay I got
the person I got the person I'm getting
my I'm gonna write it in green actually
really because you hunted all right I'm
here we go
it is never never yeah I'm writing the
name could be your man and could be
writing your name Oh piece of paper
could be your name or it could not be
then that would really suck for maybe
not okay if your name starts with an A
you did not win this shuttle sit
yourself down but if your name starts
with hey you might have won this shadow
to call McAllen thank you so much for
sharing my video and being here I'm
gonna give you a little moon there you
go if you missed it after this is done
it'll be on my channel you can pause
rewind all that stuff that is the first
sign of thank you so much Karl
I appreciate your presence I appreciate
you being here I appreciate your support
you know what because you smart loyal I
appreciate that
okay I got two more shots to give away
though so if you didn't get it why you
tripping huh why you tripping this say
Mario Kart cannonball banana you need to
not be soliciting right now
you just keep it calm is that I got two
more and yes I made of Mario Kart
references I must oppose he's watching
and I want him to hear the message loud
and clear
okay Mario Kart cham cham Pia and I
would I would say that as directors real
humble but let's be real that that's not
real competition right there
Anthony more questions on Twitter the
second shadow commit effort all my
posters over here with my bikini posted
situations guys Danny
alright if you're just joining you're
like what that was happening here is
really having a seizure live on camera
this is a superb alive I do it on the
14th every month I'm doing it on the
11th today because I am gonna be in
Mexico on 14th and I don't know how the
Wi-Fi will be at the resort and let's be
real I might be crunk going to reach
some whores I don't want to commit to
that 14th as about to happen
today on the 11th but I will still be
uploading vlogs and make main channel
videos and still do on Twitter us and
still good and you already know or you
should use just my life embrace your
Instagram title come on because you
already know you will get the picture of
me on the beach you're gonna get the
bikini sit here like here in a box if
you don't see the situation when I'm
here you're gonna get my feet in the
water
you know those typical beach pictures
expect them all holding up a drink to
the sky everything expect all that
intricate Valencia the epithet expect it
all on your Instagram timeline if you
don't follow me
you ain't missing out okay here we go
more questions I Hannah asks how is LA
different from Toronto so if you don't
know who I ever have no idea what's
going on I just moved to LA from Toronto
I'm December 1st and somewhere it's been
great how is le different from Toronto
it's theirs it's not cold it's only a
little cold because it's winning her but
like it's not cold it's sunny and
gorgeous and yeah next question is Kia
ass I would love you to go on Jimmy
Fallon show what you think I think
that's a great idea I'm gonna do it um
who you plan on Mario Kart Lauren that's
a really good question I feel like it
says a lot about a person which
character they play in Mario games I
pick Yoshi and I'd like to just I know a
lot of people think when they play with
me they can pick Yoshi is not a big deal
let me just say something me being Yoshi
is a life or death situation okay and
we're playing and you try to figure she
I'm gonna hack your game what's going on
you and behead you okay I'm gonna ask if
you have any last words because no one
is Yoshi protect me I am you and she and
I have always go she and that's what it
is
Yoshi related Lou that's what's up
okay don't get twisted here we go were
questions that can you do a cartwheel
ask Domini
no find a question I mean fun answer I
was on a dance team and chase was the
choreographer and I had to do a
cartwheel and for four months I tried to
learn how to
Weil and in four months I could not
learn how to do a cartwheel so we had to
change the choreographies that's how bad
I am at doing cartwheels I have learned
a lot of athletic things I am great at
shooting a basketball I'm great at
hitting a baseball I'm quite decent at
volleyball
I can hit a burny with a badminton
racquet I'm very good at aim and
throwing and all that stuff horrible
when it comes to things like handstands
cartwheels running like that area of
things I'm absolutely horrible the worst
possible human being at those things
great question
next question is use the hashtag ask
superwoman like you could visit anywhere
in the world where would you visit ask
Katie I usually would ask this question
say it out in Tobago but I was fortunate
to go so my new place that I really want
to go that I have had the chance of
going yet there's a few one is
definitely Tokyo I love to go to Tokyo
I'd also love to go to Malaysia I'm
really I wouldn't like to go to and this
is kind of I guess not random but I
don't love to go to Tibet I think to
meditate and I like that but I would
love to go to bed I think that's dope
and I want to go I also would sure like
that in a lot of places I want to go so
essentially every word next question
what's your favorite k-pop group asks
hot and in Darwin
I really don't listen to a huge amount
of kpop but I have promises CL she has a
song was 1000 square word I listened to
that song it was 700 times I loved it so
much and I'd love her anything she's so
cool and you should all treat her saying
I want to be a friend because she seems
so effing cool and I also know Beach yes
there's song I think it's called dope or
something of that nature I hope I got
all right I really like that song too so
that's my kpop education next question
is just use to watch WWE for Dwayne
Johnson has been leverage is there one
thing clear okay when I used to watch
recipe it was called w w f
World Wrestling Federation
now it's all World Wrestling
Entertainment but Brock WWF was OG days
and my favorite person on it was Dwayne
Johnson it's still today till date doing
drugs and all my favorite people but I
used to watch it for not only him but I
used to like a lot of people I used to
like Undertaker and just like x5 face
like Kane Austin Triple H all those
people but like the rock was the best it
was that I mean here we go
next question Latta asks do you think
I'm fine or sexy rule limit under
picture real quick before I leave your
phones answered because I want to give
you genuine answer okay I looked at your
picture and who let me tell you
something Matt down find you man sex him
say if there was no screen here okay
I'll just sit on your lap right now do
you like food that's cuddle okay lesson
that listen show right now but there's a
screen here so I'm area but if this
barrier wasn't here all right in a
minute I'm gonna tell you what you can
win the next shoutout
Divya asks do you ever cook Indian food
no I have no idea of any Indian food
whatsoever
ah no I don't make pasta and I don't
think that's familiar hmm
alright well any time I do win this next
shout-out this is what you can do if
you've ever watched my videos for more
than 20 seconds you know that I will use
to campaign called girl girl love I am
so happy about it let me just tell you
what girl loves above I released it on
December 28th and girl up as a campaign
was featuring a whole bunch of youtubers
Jenna know Sara and I posted about Jenna
the grace Hannah made me colleague Gabby
it's just a whole bunch of really dope
people Shay Mitchell all promoting girl
up and basically girl up is it is a
campaign to encourage girls to
compliment other girls and make it cool
because it is cool to build other women
up and not be so competitive and so
hostile towards each other so it's a
campaign
passion about our behinds with every
single year and make it bigger and
better but the challenge aspect of it
was for everyone to jump on Twitter and
tweak another girl using the hashtag
girl up so I want to you know not just
make that a viral video they don't want
to make the legit long-term change so to
win the next shout-out this is what I
need you to do doesn't matter if you're
male or female or a mix of both and what
in on Twitter what I want you to do is I
want you to tag a female please it
doesn't have to be don't make it mean
make it someone else any people whether
actress whether your friend whether
among your mother whether a singer
anyone take a few moment is amazing
compliment them on twitter and use the
hashtag girl love I will pick someone
who uses the hashtag and give them a
shout out
bonus points have you tagged me the
tweet because then I can see it easier
tag so when you love a girl what a male
female doesn't matter tag me use the
hashtag girl up and tell them so and
don't just make it like I think you're
cool think you're pretty tell them
something a job you did this and I
admire this thing about you this
specific thing I watched an interview of
yours v7i tomorrow I know you have 140
characters but tweet someone I'm gonna
let that sit for a few minutes because
I'm just so passionate but I love it so
much and yeah cool so sage asks have you
ever been in a car accident okay I
fortunately never been in a car accident
touch flat I've never been in a car
accident with another vehicle that's
been very bad I've been in like fender
benders and so but let me tell you about
the absurd did getting to that was the
worst it was like ten thousand dollars
worth of damage to my car was almost
totaled let me tell you this ridiculous
story
so in university we used to park in
parking garages during dance practice
reconciles our university dance you so
I'm exiting the parking garage after a
late night practice there's snow on the
ground it's winter the roads are bad I
my friend
in front of me she is exiting the park
garage and the gate is open so I assumed
that it was open like I had no idea why
I was over she was exiting and and I was
exiting behind her the gate started
closing I have no idea why I don't look
the sensor was broken I don't know what
that will happen but the gate started
closing minded this is a plastic gate so
if they hit my car I mean it would have
probably scratched it but it wouldn't
have been no major major major damage so
I guess on impulse all this thing
closing and I like accelerated being
like don't hit me there was ice right
outside of the parking garage my car's
slated not only in to my friend's car
but there was a pole and it just ripped
the side of my car apart so I slammed
into her car slamming this pole and just
the whole side of my car was act like at
the pole fell and everything was the
worst I was like bawling my eyes out
who's the worst experience ever and it
was just so I think traumatic so yes
I've been in a car accident
and it was stupid absolutely freakin
stupid yes alright I am on Twitter
loving your girl love tweets keep them
coming I'm seeing some to Ellen I'm
seeing some to Katy Perry seeing some to
Selena Gomez I saw went to Adele
keep it going hashtag girl love I'm
gonna retweet some of you yes here we go
here we go yes yeah zendaya oh my god
that is so hot right okay let's keep
answering some questions there's
thirteen hundred likes there's thirteen
under here thank you so much for being
here I'm still here for 21 more minutes
silent so I'm answer some more of your
questions on Twitter isn't good just
joining any like what's going on asks if
I'm alive even for the next twenty-one
minutes I'm answering your questions
talking a whole bunch of crap shaking my
booty giving you updates and giving you
shout outs and
two minutes I'm gonna pick someone to do
the second shout out to use the hashtag
girl up on Twitter compliment the girl
you think it's incredible and I might
pick you to give a shout out to -
Michelle okay
ashes questions are being a being
grounded the girl up and I love it and
no bit
oh you guys are being so sweet there's
something Bethany Emma Watson how bomb
is Emma Watson heart oh love it
who else we got your Kylie Jenner
Kendall Jenner
we all got Oprah Congrats my private
Oprah bro winning your award girl you
killing the mother things gate when I'm
so proud of you um Selena Gomez again
dope dope dope love it love it
else we got here our CL Beauty dope
Madonna just simple Madonna is babe
facts facts grace Helbig love pieces so
great supposed to picture I tweeted I
texted her was another did she post her
picture she's doing this in a chair with
her hair and I text her being like her
this picture no she looks so up I think
Grayson with one of the prettiest human
beings on the planet and I tell it's all
the time I think she's like so freaking
gorgeous I think she's just so hot I
check out every time I see her so that's
media grace that's my story about grace
I check her out okay so all of your girl
loving up I'm going to find the one and
give you a shout-out
we eventually freshly pressed refreshed
maybe maybe I am okay it's like a really
good one gonna be tough
man is tough I don't know okay hold on
um okay I am going to I pick someone I
got your name I'm writing your name on
this piece of paper now if your name
starts with a you could have won the
shoutout I like to play with your
emotions the person won this shout-out
said jenna Marbles you are amazing and
finally you've been an inspiration for
me and keep doing what you do
the reason I like this is because it
seems very genuine and also I children
Jenna last night and I couldn't agree
with it more Jenna is an exceptional
human being and so Abigail I am giving
you this this shoutout well there you go
you missed it don't worry you can pause
me right after this is done it will be
uploaded on to my channel thank you so
much for participating and just because
that shot is done that's something you
have to stop doing girl long tweets I
genuinely mean this and something I'm so
passionate about and I want to do it
every year and make it bigger and better
and thank you so much for everyone who
made it what it was because dope AF
Susie by the way has responded to the
Mario Kart comment and this is his
response
haha amazing he's gonna get one I feel
so bad for that guy woof woof all right
a few minutes I'll tell you how to win
the last shut up and in the meantime I
will keep answering your questions on
Twitter using hashtag ask superb and
live images joining long story short in
the 12th to the 19th I will be in Mexico
so make sure you follow along my blogs
because I will be loving the entire trip
and posting daily vlogs and I plan to do
a lot of ridiculous wonderful amazing
things that make sure you check that out
you too got comp superwoman blogs and
I'm really happy with all my bulbs are
going because I feel like I'm getting
into a groove in a rhythm and act like
everyone's enjoying them including
myself so yeah I hope you in fact
enjoy them and I'm not just making that
up also 82 UI of the movie is coming
soon you don't know when I know when I
will let you know very soon so make sure
you check out my socials also eighty-two
I have own socials on Twitter and on
Instagram make sure you go follow them
to find out first when that movie is
coming up because it is just something I
was so passionate about and I love that
you have not heard yet within 24 hours
of losing all the main Channel videos I
am going to be including closed captions
on my videos it means that all of our
deaf hearing impaired hard-of-hearing
whatever you want to call it
unicorns who watch can also enjoy videos
so spread the word and let them know
because I'm trying to make my videos as
inclusive as possible
which also means that because this is
fun because there's no English subtitles
on my videos you have the opportunity to
now translate those subtitles into other
languages so people in your native
tongue can also enjoy the video so we're
trying to make team super as inclusive
as possible so no one gets left up if
you ever have any suggestions on how we
can make it even more inclusive I would
love to hear that because that's the
goal team super is for everyone cuz team
super loves everybody what up t-shirt
reference the t-shirt I'm not currently
wearing but you know exactly what I'm
talking about
all right what's your favorite songs are
avaiable asks hero okay I don't know
what hence myself as my mother and jam
that guy is so hot I followed my
Instagram I stalk of every night also
camouflage can count bugs real quick if
you don't have a camouflage Selena Gomez
can solve a campfire an alibi book it is
just stunning
like her bubbles are so soothing and
stunning and coming and they evoke such
an emotional response out of my body and
it's basically like has time fog how
much bottom it's good to see you here
again don't wanna say goodbye but it's
about half past one tenth of it and I
have to catch matter on it's like so
doesn't sound like my crappy voice like
so well done Selena babe egg F that's
what's up ah Leo asks are you proud to
be vegetarian of course i proud to be
vegetarian I love being a vegetarian I
love animals but I will say I I'm not
one of those vegetarians not that
anything's wrong with people that do
this but I don't mind what choices other
people make if someone is next to me
eating meat I'm not all like in crowds
that's not everyone can make their own
choices my personal choice is to not eat
meat and I put on top in general but
this yesterday I wish I had able to go
vegan and I might try to go even one day
because that's like that's like a the
way to go I feel when you're a true
animal lover but I haven't even yet but
I hope to do it soon one day Shivani
asks have you gotten better at swearing
so I mentioned one of my blogs I
wouldn't go to auditions
I always choke when I have to swear
because I'm not used to swearing if you
don't know this I don't swear in my
videos but it's also because I don't
swear in a new life so it's not like a
friend I'm putting on my videos with
Michael on go to people P GUI action
elsewhere
I say F and mother I've heard like
things like that but I don't actually
swear and not because I think Rob was
wearing I think swearing is great and
when people swear I think it's amusing
malaria's I just personally don't and so
I'm not good at it and I don't have to
do it so I told myself I cop to swearing
every night so that when I go to
audition that looks like a freak but I
don't think Gaia I don't think I'd have
to practice so I'm gonna let him alone I
swear to myself because I'm like med
school part but I yeah okay and two
minutes I'm gonna tell you how to win
the last shout out I will say that it's
going to be on my latest youtube video
when people worry or follow the link for
is right there so hence that video you
will get a head start and how to win the
next shoutout neck worshop young okay
next question
I don't know when I'm gonna but I'm
gonna man I met him in a minute
mmmm another man my mama one second or
any questions you gotta use the hashtag
absent black but I'll second
I suppose a question like this some sort
of free frog that would stick your face
sorry I'm feeling extra ratchet today
uh-hum questions a scale of one to ten
how excited am I to go to Mexico asks
where did you go where did your name go
Oh team super DC I am very excited I'm
going out to be a bit of a workaholic so
the idea of being on vacation for seven
days stresses me but I it's not really a
vacation because I am going to do a lot
of work so I'm excited because I like
hot weather and I love beaches and I
love scenic views as such and I love
working in those environments um so I
have a say and also chase their notion
you're gonna be there so I'm very
excited about time with them and I see
that with trending in Melbourne shout
out to super feel like just showing that
to me love it when we're trending
because then everybody knows that no
team super is the one if an ish alright
next question what's the one thing you
did as a kid that you never told your
parents
I sell oh oh man no one's ever asked
that question
as a kid that never told my parents oh I
scratched my cuts not as a kid but I
scratched my car once and I never told
my parents I got it fixed without them
annoying
and I was four or five it was in high
school I had a car in high school I was
spoiled brat hope they're not watching
this gonna still haven't told them my
bad
Oh have you had a talk with us no quick
look at this for those of you that know
anything about me you know I have a
super woman ring that I always won but
it was the DC logo and now I have a ring
with this logo it is the team super logo
on a ring it is everything to me I love
it so much about this is the official
new ring that I wear every single day
and I'm in love with it all right if you
are watching my video when you people
borrow your phone
I want you to comment below on the video
on YouTube saying asks a woman live send
me and I'm gonna pick someone who
comments and give them a shot oh and
you're gonna get the last shot of up a
student life so head out all the link is
right there interesting when people
borrow your phone and write a system
from the live sent me now pick someone
and give them a shout out
I would have met simmer for about two
minutes I'm here for 10 more minutes I
am slowly fading away in my energies
because I always try to make us to whom
I was energetic as possible but every
time I'm done and I could stop broadcast
I'm gonna sit here like for like five
minutes because I just try to be as
energetic as possible because yeah I
want this to be entertaining for
everyone and I want you to give you my
full energy so yeah okay more questions
this is a great question I think the
asks how come you aren't eating anything
right now is a great question I've been
eating healthy recently I've been having
prepared meals that are like tofu and
cabbage and green beans and so that's
why I'm not having popcorn I have
popcorn downstairs I'm just using all my
self-control to not
you know fate would have it that Lions
favorite snacks are the ones that are
absolutely worse for you my favorite
thing on the planet to eat is mac and
cheese and second to that is buttery
popcorn from the movies and buttery
popcorn movies is in fact the worst
thing is you can eat because it's just
so fattening the butter they use that
movie theater popcorn is like the worst
type and that's my favorite thing to eat
so of course the things I love are the
worst for you so I missed all a little
power to not eat popcorn right now but
it's hurting it's hurting the inside
it's physically hurting you
but yeah I'm trying to get a little bit
more healthy because I've been noticed
that I've been acting a bit sluggish and
I want to kind of you know get back on
that ish okay Doug get up eat okay next
question this is a good question and
there's Lily asks how do you feel about
people fangirling when they see you I'm
gonna give you such an honest answer
right now I okay let's just be real I
love the fact that you support my videos
I love meeting you
it's my favorite thing I love me and
greets I love giving you hugs I love
hugging I love hearing your stories love
hearing your videos of mind you like I
love all of that the only time I ever
get awkward meeting people is if I'm in
a mall or a public setting that's not a
meet-and-greet I have no problem with
people approaching me and me there hi
you know I feel like your videos I even
take a picture that's dope there's only
certain things that make me feel good
for example yesterday I was in mall and
this is young girl adorable keep ran up
to me was like care take a selfie with
you and then my response was hi how are
you because I wanted you know tell him a
conversation and in response to hi how
are you and she said can you follow me
on Instagram and those are the two
things she said to me can I take a
selfie can you follow me on Instagram
things like that kind of disheartening a
bit because that makes us feel a little
bit like an animal in some ways like
okay you two some animal I so I perform
people come to me and say hi and the
second thing is and this is not anything
wrong it's just
a little bit awkward I when people come
up to me in a ball of puppets setting
and they treat me like I'm above them
it all sounds weird and I'm not I'm just
saying an action mean it that makes me
feel a little bit weird okay look oh my
god I love you so much and you are
liking it and I just don't know how to
react I'm just very like cool but I'm a
normal person and I know and I don't
know how to react so I just get a little
bit awkward but I don't mind but yeah
that's that those are my thoughts on
meeting all of you and absolutely loved
it I loved meeting all of you always so
sweet and I sent it time and time again
that seems to purchase the sweetest
human beings ever and bar okay next
question
favorite social media platform not
YouTube asked Yasmin I love Instagram I
love Instagram so much it is probably my
favorite social media platform after
YouTube I love it and yeah okay I'm
going to go check my video I'm going to
press refresh so if you haven't yet done
so leave a comment saying asked super
alive sent me I am sending it to you no
comments that just came in so I'm in
freshening bought full three two one
okay let's see who's gonna get the last
shout out I'm not the person I'm a ray
paper Oh giving you shut up I'm giving
you shut up and I'm giving you share and
giving you a shout-out okay cool the
person who won the last shot a very good
one it's but first you've got the last
shutup name starts with C C is that
right
see the person who won the last one oh
god my last shot is Kristina Barnett
thank you so much for watching my videos
and your support and your love and being
here and spending this time with me this
is your shout out if you missed it you
can pause rewind after I'm done I look
onto my channel thank you so much I'm
leaving in about two minutes
but you sixteen seventeen hundred people
joined us I just think about that for a
second you're sitting in your room right
now or wherever you are and 1,700 other
people around the world earning same
thing and we're connected through this
livestream isn't that crazy to think
about like team super it's not just
absolutely crazy think I think that's
mind-boggling to me and I just don't
even understand it's just absolutely
amazing to think about it
thank you so much for joining me and
spending your time with me and and since
the most people ever had watched the
stream maybe I'll stick to this time of
12 p.m. Pacific Standard Time 3 p.m.
these are set a time for my last unit
because it seems to be the best kind of
time so that makes me happy as usual I'm
where to recap everything you talked
about and then I'm going to end on a
positive thought I'm gonna be in Mexico
from the top of the 19th so make sure
you follow my blogs youtube.com slash
Superman blogs and link in description
make sure you subscribe to that second
channel of mine humbled has tweeted me
so much everything I'm doing to see why
you said if someone asks superwoman to
notice me no miss humble I miss having
work sessions humble and really really
do I can't wait till it comes to LA so
like I can school it an ugly deal
public sessions Mexico is happening 82
at movies coming soon make sure you
follow my socials to Twitter and
Instagram specifically to get all the
updates on that and ATT UI also has
Twitter and Instagram on Twitter it is
82 UI and on Instagram is a ptui
official so much you follow them as they
post some dope dope dope yes and closed
captions are added to all of my videos
within 24 hours all the main channels so
spread no word also new ring in town -
super logo that's what's up that's the
logo it is not a Superman one is this
one this is team supers logo that's what
we represent it's on the ring it's
official
all right I'm gonna end on a positive
thoughts as I have two minutes left
all right let me I don't want to just
make some BS positive body like
something that I believe in um what do I
really want to communicate to the world
right now
something I truly believe in okay I got
it I got it
this is something I'm not great at and
that's why I'm gonna talk about because
I can also improve it and I'm actively
trying to improve it I think now more
than ever there's such a pressure in the
world
to not live in the moment I mean a prime
example is someone running up to me and
asking me for himself you or ask me to
follow on Instagram it's hard for me
because I blog my whole life and my so
much of my life is on the internet so I
have to actually before I do anything
actually whether it's going in a bag do
an interview to tango with a friend I
talk to myself a lot I have
conversations with myself and I had to
constantly remind myself decay during
this experience I want you to live in
the moment and that's such an important
thing to do so my puzzle for you today
would be there's gonna become a time in
your life whether it's when you're older
or whether it's at the end of a week or
whether it's at the end of a project at
the end of the school year we're gonna
reflect back on something and think wow
I really missed that time and I wish I
lived
a moment more or maybe you won't because
you're granted it already but that's how
I feel sometimes I look back experiences
like bite or for example I have the last
time I torment it so pretty great memory
but sometimes I do reflect back on my
tour and think wow when I was on stage
sometimes I was so concerned about my
next job or the next app or the costume
change about to do or the media era the
flight I have to catch after that
sometimes looking on and receive a
beautiful audience
I didn't to stop and be like wow this is
amazing and act like we need to do that
as human beings it is our responsibility
to be so grateful for every moment
experience I will say I posit stop use
that live your moments more if you're
having a great moment don't worry about
document to get all the time no worry
about taking a picture all the time Tori
much meeting all the time don't worry
about thinking about what's gonna happen
next just live that moment really
cherish it because those moments are
gonna go and you're gonna miss them and
so that is that is my positive thought
live the moments I'm gonna leave this
moment right now 1,700 people watched as
Superman live on January 11 2016 and
that is amazing that is amazing thank
you so much for being here I will see
you again on the 14th of next month
February 14th which is actually
anniversary of a super reliable was
created on Valentine's Day so we will
spellbound
we will spend Valentine's Day together
on February 14th for another ask
Superman I'll see you then thank you so
much I'll be have a blast morning night
evening wherever you are
we say keep smiling one love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop bye
