advance warning of complete accuracy
what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman and I don't have any kids so
I've never experienced that protective
moment when you have a newborn baby and
someone wants to hold it so you're like
okay here you know just just if you
could just make sure to wash your hands
and don't swear and just please don't
give it coke and if you could just make
sure everything's organic but I know
exactly what that feels like because I
have a phone and that my friends is a
completely fair comparison now if you
own a cell phone which chances are if
you're eight years or older you do
because it's 2016 in the world is crazy
then you know that terrifying moment
when someone says can I borrow your
phone am I the only one that gets hit by
a wave of panic when someone asks me
this question what oh sorry I don't have
a phone oh no like the battery's dead
I think we should stop being friends
anything as long as you don't use my
phone and let me explain it's not even
because my phone was so expensive and
I'm scared you're gonna break in on us
at a minute let's be real okay people
these days have broke up iPhones a
broken iPhone screen these days means
nothing I see people walking around with
their iPhone screen looking like every
world map just like a hi can I get ten
stitches please what happened
I assumed into a picture on my icon how
do you function but it stresses me out
when people use my phone because my
entire embarrassing life is in this
device you can think I'm totally cool
for real you probably do like the
awesome but when you go to my phone
you're gonna realize I'm a total
freaking freak so you're hanging with
some friends I'm good can I borrow your
phone uh yeah sure
oh what's the passcode exqueeze me I
will never understand how people just
casually ask for another Oh what's your
task oh but what's the point of a
passcode if I just tell you what it is
that's not much of a cold then is it
that's just that's like a conversation
and I use the same passcode for
everything so if I tell you my phone
passcode now you have access to my bank
okay my garage door my locker etc so
this is where I need you understand okay
if I tell you my passport I'm gonna need
a security deposit okay I'm a new
designers non-disclosure agreement I
don't need a vial of your blood and I'm
gonna need your firstborn child that's
right you asked me
Baltar's need to Rumplestiltskin real
quick so that when they ask you do that
whole awkward thing we're like oh you
know what here let me do it and you're
smiling to be like oh it's okay I just
it's okay you made a mistake I'll just
I'll just do it but in your brain you're
just like obviously stupid and now
they're using your phone in seconds feel
like hours because you are stressed and
focusing on their every move why because
my private matters are in this phone
okay straight up my phone was featured
in a Harry Potter movie it played the
role of chamber of secrets the genies
lamp is hidden in my phone okay if an
iPhone Agrabah Jon Snow's mother is in
my phone all the hidden secrets stress
one if my chance you happen to go
through my photo album you will find 100
pictures of me that I took ten minutes
ago
in the car before I walked into this
establishment to meet you because I
don't like a trip I take minimum minimum
30 selfies if I have to post a selfie
and that's embarrassing because you're
gonna see all my failed attempts at
trying to be sexy like when you realize
you just look like a drunken rabbit okay
but it's absolutely necessary to have
that variety because they're all
slightly different and you might be like
oh no but they all look the same and
I'll be like now she don't make me bust
out a protractor right now and show you
how the angle of my smiles slightly
changes okay that's right
I don't nothing about Pythagorean or
what the f is theorem was but the second
I need to prove that my selfie game is
on point okay that ish is easy as 3.14
that's right easy as cake no but for
real
you can put Waldo in the middle of my
iPhone photo album and like no one would
ever find them
stress number two knowing my luck while
my phone is in your hand one of my
ratchet friends is gonna decide to send
a picture of an almost naked man or
let's be real woman okay we're all
lesbos my all girls check out girls and
now you don't think I'm a freak okay
I'll just be honest with you my friends
only text me for three reasons number
one pictures of hot people
number two screenshots of conversations
with stupid people and number three to
tell me to open my front door
we'd be honest no one rings the doorbell
anymore giver doorbell how 1999 it's all
about here open door coming
one sec okay it's not just me if you can
relate click the thumbs up stress 3 I
stay lying to people about receiving
their text messages
well you texted me I didn't get a text I
didn't get a text oh my god you know my
phone has been acting up when in reality
I got your text I ignored your text I
replied to your text in my mind I forgot
about your text I have 15 alarm
scheduled in my phone and none of them
are to remind me to reply to your text
message your text should be at the back
of a milk carton
s trap my response is too busy singing
airplanes you know why because it's
m.i.a but now if you borrow my phone you
are going to see all the other people's
text messages I ignore and you're gonna
know I'm lying mad blue dots blue dots
everywhere unopened messages for days
and now the secret's out you know I'm
like what where we think that I'm gonna
think that you think you're some sort of
exception to this rule that give them a
lesson Giver not know I'm lying now it's
awkward you should have used a pay phone
stress Katra cat cat uno dos tres
Quatro's it's on my hand
for I might just level with you right
now yeah I'm a level with you if you're
using my phone and someone calls me
there's an 80% chance that the name that
will appear on the phone will be
absolutely ridiculous oh okay um big
booty juicy fruit is calling you huh oh
yeah go ahead go it it's my bag because
I don't always identify people by their
names and to be honest most the time I
identify them by situations a creepy
dude from the bar is calling you
someone called don't answer this is
calling you you see secrets all of my
secrets giving away all of my secrets
that's right everyone's normal until you
go to their phone then you realize
they're an effing booty - what up tank
top sweater reference yo I hope you
enjoyed that video and you were lady too
if you can relate to anything I said in
this video give it a big thumbs up so I
know that I'm not just talking crap and
I'm at the own
one comment below letting you know if
you think I forgot any of the stresses
associate associate with someone boring
your phone and your eating up my ass to
do it is right there it's called
tunneling Busan to you
it's called types of people you saw on
New Year's that's that one and you want
to check out my logs they're right over
there and y'all make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and I would love for you to
join this wonderful positive team super
family until next time
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
