first video of the year no pressure what
if everyone is a girl superwoman I told
myself to do my nails before shooting I
told you to what everyone is your girl
superwoman
its 2016 which means that approximately
four days ago you probably celebrated
New Year's had a life crisis and saw all
the following types of people
number one optimist flop now this person
believes that when the clock strikes
12:00 they're gonna turn into a person
that has six-pack ABS says please and
thank you and now safely removes all
USBs we all have that one friend that
has ridiculous and unrealistic New
Year's resolutions and I'ma be real with
you okay it's not that I don't believe
in you per se it's more so that I would
just bet all of my money against you in
other words if you were in a two-person
race I would bet all of my life savings
on your opponent no matter who they were
I would literally bet my money on
Michael Jackson reading you in a race
and he's dead listen I'm not trying to
be mean okay let's look at the facts in
2012 you said you would travel the world
yet your passport still looks like it
could be the music video for Taylor
Swift's blank space in 2013 you said you
would stop swearing I just put you in my
video last week okay well editing I had
to censor you so much that you sound
like r2d2 with all of your beeps okay
just is that to be honest I'm not even
sure if that's right i don't i don't
watch Star Wars I don't know star 2d2
that's like the air compressor thing
right I'm sorry
youyou can go ahead and unsubscribe now
yeah in 2014 you said you were gonna
drink more water remember that time you
didn't flush after peeing and then we
all thought that someone dropping me on
highlighter in the toilet and in 2015
you said you were gonna start eating
healthy I wonder your house for dinner
yesterday okay and you tried to convince
me that Cheetos were carrots so forgive
me if I don't take any of your
resolution seriously okay because change
happens when you work hard no in the
clock strikes 12:00 okay can see
Cinderella because let's be real okay
and 2016 we're gonna be the same hot
message we were in 2015 we all know for
the first week of this year that Jim's
gonna be looking like the movie 300 okay
give it one week they're just gonna be
straight I am Legend these are the facts
okay number two the turn down the ball
is dropping like other times I can laugh
everyone is so excited tonight is gonna
be
amazing oh man we gonna turn up so hard
5 4 3 2 1 okay good night what we all
know that person that knocks out at
12:01 aka your parents I'm talking about
your parents and to be honest they
barely even make it to midnight okay
because it's way past their bedtime this
person looks like me in history class
you're straight-up like huh huh
straight-up watching this person stay up
until midnight
it's like watching college roll go done
okay just like falling off his horse and
it's just fall all over the place
his sexy face and big muscles in that
man grading wait what would we talking
about what what okay New Year same
devastation okay what he was a warrior
and he died from an infected come
on I need closure
no for real it's so strange though
because then the people around you feel
invested in you and now you need to stay
open till 12:00 because somehow you sing
up until 12 is gonna affect my new years
experience we'll stop being selfish wake
up get excited and leave the Dothraki
damnit number three The Blackout this is
the person that gets so drunk on New
Year's that they don't even remember
what happened
Oh your bro you wrote 2015 it's 2016 now
what like they turned up so hard they
didn't just get drunk no they got tumblr
okay you know you just are saying
sentimental ish for no reason no bro
come here man community though this Sun
moves around the earth bro take that in
the bag he would drink okay I'm I'm I'm
drink I might even drink this but most
of their New Year's like this
you know you wash mangled when sleep and
water don't even help okay you just wake
up and like oh my god you're I'm still
drunk man and I'm standing over here
like bro
it's January 4th but yours lounges are
safe and not bothering anyone else you
do you okay if you want to spend New
Year's with your head in the toilet you
do that okay it's good to have realistic
expectations because let's be real
there's not gonna be the last time this
happens this year okay and now must we
be standing over here snap Tang the
whole thing like a real friend number
four the rabbit you dogs gonna stop to
back but I kept going right is that
weird how I just kept wearing those new
years right new trying put plans
together so call up your friend leg bro
why don't you come over with some chips
I'll have some dip come over put your
hands above my hip when I dip you dip we
did and your friend is all like yeah
I'll try to drop by that stresses me
because what does that mean are you
coming or are you not coming I need to
know because if I call whole bunch of
people and they all say yeah I'm gonna
try to drop by there's a possibility
that when the clock strikes 12:00 I'm
gonna be standing there looking like the
sequel to cast away all alone with too
much dip and not enough chips
furthermore if you do drop by when
you're gonna come are you gonna come
before 12
after 12 or annoyingly close to 12 is it
gonna be 1150 IPM then you show up we're
all standing in a circle ready to cheers
now I'm like damn I need to be a host my
priorities are divided I have to get you
a glass pour you a drink and now I'm
rushing my evening was delightful and
now I feel like I'm on an episode of pop
shet don't trade my party like one of
your stops on your hopscotch of a night
that is New Year's okay I deserve
attendance proper attendance okay and if
you only stay for 15 minutes no dip for
you on that note you ever experience
those parties where everyone pitches in
the food and the drinks oh now like
everyone is contributed financially to
this party and you have some sucker
trolling and they're not gonna stay the
whole time or stay for the night so they
feel like they don't have to also
contribute now be like that brah nah
without my calculator like okay you had
seven chips okay one coke and four
squares of toilet paper okay that'll be
423 plus tax
we accept paypal what do you think I'm
starting this new year's like I chopped
nah brah number five the hustlers now
these are the people despite it being
New Year's are still working I'm talking
about the cab drivers okay the delivery
man the bartender's etc let's take a
moment to imagine what it feels like to
be working on New Year's having to be
responsible and sober ish okay and have
everywhere around you celebrating New
Year's annoying and drunk
these people are heroes okay these
people should be on the $1 bill because
I'm not alive okay I ordered pizza on
New Year's Eve and I might have been a
little bit incoherent okay and I'm
pretty sure I turn into DJ Khaled
say my name
what say my name baby you're missing
smart okay
loyal okay you grateful okay I
appreciate that
thank you go buy your mom a house go buy
your whole family a house huh put this
money in a savings account but I don't
wanna go spend some money for no reason
ma'am I just need $20 come back and then
ask for more I just have this one visa
now you'll excuse me I have to go eat
some carrots hey Happy New Year I hope
you enjoyed this video if you did you
know what to do give it a big thumbs up
comment below letting me know which type
of person you were on New Year's and
Tang all your annoying but great friends
if they're guilty of any of the things I
mentioned you can check out my last
video right there you can check out my
blog right there make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday that's a good resolution
subscribe to me it takes like two
seconds not one you can feel like it did
something just go ahead when what what a
way to start the year amazing one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop that
one cheetah was so good oh my god
