ah this video is always so emotional to
make what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman and I'll be Road you I wasn't
really gonna make a 2015 recap video but
then I punch myself in the medulla
oblongata and I was like shut up and
make one because I truly do believe that
one of the keys to happiness is being
grateful and this video is my way of it
really reflecting back at 2015 taking a
moment to remember those moments and
she's like that was awesome thank you
well let's be real this wasn't just my
year this was our year so you know I had
to ask for team supers help to make this
video so without further ado let's take
a look back at our year because in 2015
we released the clima bantha spoke at we
date in Ottawa attended the Mockingjay
premiere hit 1 million vlog channel
subscribers one sneaker shopping with
Complex magazine had a commercial play
in Times Square New York get included
lucky beautiful one Streamy Award for
Best first person series had our ads on
Billboard's in Australia nominated for
Teen Choice Awards hit 1 billion views
visited a Bollywood sets save the world
as Lana Steele doing junior flash mob at
VidCon food from Toronto to LA announced
a world tour performed in America burn
in Canada performed in the UK performed
in Dubai
performed in Australia performed in Hong
Kong before
in Singapore performed in India
performed in Trinidad and Tobago
released I really I got IV i v-i to play
on the radio reached five million
subscribers reached six million
subscribers we seven little subscribers
open YouTube rewind we shot a video with
Arnold Schwarzenegger did a video with
Shay Mitchell data video with Selena
Gomez met Dwayne the rock Johnson
released a worldwide campaign called
hashtag girl whoo holy fatal sticks okay
hang on what an amazing year I can't
even believe that can you rewind it and
watch it again because that can't be
real I know I said this last year my
recap video and I'm saying it again and
I'm meaning it all over again but I can
genuinely say 2015 was probably the best
year of my entire life this was the year
that I experienced things that I
couldn't even dream of as a child and a
lot of it is to do with you team super
because it doesn't matter how many cool
things happen it all started with this
me in my room with a camera and with you
watching and if you were on the other
side right there behind this screen then
none of this would be possible you have
just been so outstanding this year you
have come together in such a way you
truly feel like my family and I can
genuinely say for as long as you keep
supporting me and keep being about
positivity and spreading love I promise
to keep working so so hard for team
super and I'm gonna be real it's gonna
be super difficult to try making 2016 as
magical as 2015 but like yo we gonna try
we're gonna try our best to keep growing
keep being positive keep spreading the
love and keep hustling harder because yo
we're in this together I'm gonna
conclude by saying that in 2016 I am NOT
going to work hard to prove haters wrong
I'm going to work so hard to prove my
supporters right 2016 I hope you're
ready for team super because it's gonna
be awesome sauce
one love superwoman 2015 that is a wrap
and Zoop
whoa jibley
