hi my name is Lily aka superwoman and
this is my youtube channel
it has over 7.4 million subscribers of
which 84%
are female which means that over 6
million girls around the planet
regularly watch my videos and to be
honest I'm super grateful and humble to
say that because that's pretty awesome
this holiday season I decided to use
that reach and speak up against an issue
I'd love to see go away and that's a
girl-on-girl hey so I decided to ask for
some help from my girlfriends hi I'm
Shay Mitchell hi I'm Colleen ballinger
hey guys I'm Gabi hi I'm Natalie my name
is andrea brittany furlan here hi I'm
Becky Angeles
hey guys Lindsey Stirling here and for
DIY I am great how they I'm gonna uh I'm
maimry hart I'm Latoya forever hi I'm
candy Johnson my name is Mercedes and yo
my name is Lena my name is Rachel
Ballinger the sad reality is that
girl-on-girl hate is such a big issue in
schools at work or online and never made
any sense to me because as women we know
how awesome other women can be I think
women are strong beautiful empowered
goddesses women are influential I think
women are so much funnier than a lot of
people give us credit for simultaneously
graceful and powerful beautiful
confident and fighters beautiful in
their complexity have the thing I love
about women is that they're completely
equal to men they can be so strong and
endure so much gorgeous amazing
beautiful but most of all powerful
I think women
all strong really strong you're strong
out here son and more than anything I
believe women are so capable of
destroying girl-on-girl hate I mean
after all we helped bring it to life so
dear 6 million encourage one another and
look at other girls as sisters instead
of competition no matter how different
we are we've all got the same stuff
going on we've all been there we all
know what it feels like to feel not
popular enough not pretty enough just
not good enough and we can really relate
to each other
and if you put other girls down to try
and make yourself feel better I promise
you that will never work
I feel like girl and girl hay is fueled
a lot by jealousy and you're jealous of
someone it actually usually means you
want something they have which is kind
of the same exact thing when you admire
someone yeah so instead of being jealous
of someone admire what they're doing if
we took that energy that girls used to
hate on people if you spend the amount
of time that you're tearing other women
down building women up and we turn it
into love and support we can do some
really amazing stuff imagine what we
could accomplish in this world I know
it's hard
you might not want to do it but try to
be positive I remember thinking when I
was younger that hiding on another girl
would somehow make me better but the
reality is that it just makes you look
like a worse person and that's the truth
of it please stop calling each other
sluts and whores and hoes or fat or too
skinny we're not each other's enemies
each other's allies I want women to
celebrate each other's bodies and each
other's minds try and talk about girls
that you would want to be talked about
we're with a group of friends and they
are doing a lot of like girl-on-girl hey
it's okay for you to just become like
hey guys like can we not today or excuse
yourself in the conversation or find
something positive to say about somebody
power a compliment unlocks is amazing
you have the power to make another
girl's day and to make her feel
beautiful and wanted and accept it
honestly I don't know who came up with
this idea that is cool to hate on other
girls because it's not ladies it's time
to change the game let it be known but
what's really cool is complimenting
other women one woman that I really
admire is Sophia Bush not only is she a
hard-working actress who's been doing it
for a long time but just her outlook on
life is always really inspiring I'd like
to compliment Colleen Evans I think that
she really paved the way for females to
step outside of just pretty cute funny
and be actually funny she's a true
comedian to me I'd like to compliment
mamrie Hart every time I'm around her
she makes me laugh till I cry and she
works really really hard for everything
that she's achieved I would like to send
compliments and love to Ilana Glazer and
Abbi Jacobson I think they're really
pushing the boundaries of comedy for
women
I'd like to come from it Amy Schumer for
being awesome I think she's really the
women of funny play who want to
compliment Angelina Jolie for all the
tireless work that she does for women
I'd like to couple that Emma Watson or
you're asleep fighting for gender
equality I'd like to compliment Lindsey
Stirling because I think she is
immensely talented but she still works
as if it's her first day on the job and
it is so incredibly inspiring to see I
would like to compliment candy Johnson
because she just lights up a room I'd
like to compliment Lilly Singh she
inspires me and I'm excited every
success that she gets I am so excited
for her although I'm a huge huge fan of
all things that Amy Poehler does she's
so present and engaging and interesting
and genuinely curious about girls and
what they're doing she is also someone
that has used her platform to talk about
heart and lot of stuff around me a
working mother or around insecurity I'd
like to compliment Judy from it's Judy's
life because she's a great mother she's
a great wife and she's a great supporter
I would like to compliment Miley Cyrus
because she promotes being who you are
despite what the world thinks and now my
friends and I would like to challenge
you to spread some girl love post a
tweet Facebook status or Instagram post
using the hashtag girl up complimenting
or supporting another woman together we
can show the world how lame a
girl-on-girl hate is and how awesome it
is to support one another and build
women up and sure there might be six
million girls here but with your help
this message can reach millions more
simply click the links in the
description to share this video and
every dollar made from the views of this
video will be donated to the Malala fund
which helps girls around the world go to
school which means the more views this
video has the more money will be donated
towards building women up and I know
it's not always easy to donate money
even to causes you believe in so much
especially during this time of year so
all you have to do to help is share this
video and then in exactly 30 days you
can check my Instagram to see how much
money we raise together and donated girl
on girl hate sucks so let's stop it
we're all in this together
each other up Lilla superwoman that is a
wrap and
you
