say hello to the new video wall whatever
wanted to girl superwoman and Christmas
is just a few days away which means
magic is in the air everyone is feeling
joyous and also fighting over parking
the holiday season always gives birth to
crazy people and I'm sure you know them
all number one the great oh my god
wouldn't a Ridge no title Lily good job
what manage leave me alone I couldn't
think of another name for someone who in
special occasions lame fine
number one Kanye West JK JK the Grinch
the Grinch is good hmm
now this is the person that just
straight-up refuses to get in the
holiday spirit and it's not like they
don't celebrate Christmas which is
totally acceptable depending on what
your beliefs are but they always say
they don't do Christmas you know I see I
hate more people say they don't do
things but that does that even mean you
know the problem is people got too many
damn options cuz I just immerse my damn
words okay when you single and lonely
like me not only will you do Christmas
okay but you won't do Santa you gonna do
the elves goddamn I might make a parody
to Demi Lovato just like we're cool for
the winner and do mrs. Claus
the point is I'm lonely wait that wasn't
the point what was the point the point
is according to the Grinch there is
nothing special about the holidays so
you don't ugly Christmas sweater party
what does this person do show up wearing
a suit and tie plug bra you look more
square than the older version of
Instagram is that you are in a room full
of people who are intentionally wearing
ugly clothes yet you still look like the
biggest idiot and you probably want to
keep this person away from your kids
honey what do you think of my new
sweater I loved it darling for my little
Christmas tree baby mommy I sent it for
a unicorn oh it's my little boy oh
that's so cool that's so sweet Chris
except for the fact that Santa is alive
just like the Tooth Fairy the Easter
Bunny your parents marriage equality and
the justice system ain't no man coming
down your chimney and if you hear
somebody devayne chill daddy you should
call the cops because you're probably
getting robbed or your mama having an
affair or that lady from The Grudge
finally found us on Google Maps that's
right that man you saw at the mall is a
nasty
old divorced hairy ass man in a suit and
you sat on his lap like a little hell so
if you want a unicorn here's some
asparagus and some tape Merry Christmas
god bless number two Christmas Krakens
Christmas crisp I feel like I've said
Christmas too many times not a word
anymore Christmas Christmas Christmas
crisp god damn it
now these are the parents who are
probably experiencing the first few
Christmases with their young kids and
they're gonna go out of their way to
ensure their little baby experiences
every little bit of the Christmas
holiday magic is possible and it's so
annoying
come on over young man how have you been
have you been a good boy this year
look over here come on Chrissy right you
got your mama look at her if you should
do it you gotta cash shower tonight give
it boy are you being naughty all right
I'm gonna you know I'm gonna call
Santa's workshop right should I do
recall Santa's workshop I could call
Santa is that you chris is being he's
he's being naughty
stop it you know what yeah Oh engine oh
he's so cute
there's no fear for watch oh who subdues
oh my god other people are waiting to
take pictures what you guys doing hey
this is my babies Christmas step back
don't ruin it like those people are
changing selfies with their dog for
their dog smoking like cooperate now you
have always like blurry pictures except
for the fact like your dog is talking
better than a child of course I'll
babysit number three got Nutcracker aka
the holiday police now these are the
people that are not only serious about
Christmas but they're very serious about
all the rules and regulations associated
with Christmas and I know you know one
of these people okay they throw these
themed parties that have very specific
dress codes but like you would never own
anything that satisfies their dress
codes now you gotta like buy something
new and it's really annoying I
personally don't have any friends like
that just kidding chase my friend chase
chase this is about you I'm talking
about you what are you doing
oh I said a red sweater yeah you like it
no no this is this is poppy red I said
ladybug red this is poppy red this is
ladybug red I say you the swatch they
won't let you open any Christmas gifts
early they won't let you cheat in any
Christmas games I'm sitting over here
like Roger you ain't gonna let me cheat
making this gingerbread house you know
much and now that every don't let the
glass flew this doesn't not see-through
up wrong cuz that okay this is my gonna
be a house is gonna be a ginger by TP
field enemy Chi train
I love teepees and heaven forbid you F
anything up that is game over Frosty the
Snowman was jolly happy soul with a
corncob pipe and a button nose and two
eyes made out of gold
Oh eyes made out of coal not gold
yeah cold gold he's getting gold from
these days and then miners it's frosty
from Dubai
oh I mean okay maybe one I could be made
of no no this or they go I set up one
eye his name is frosty not Fetty WAP you
guys are ruining Christmas number four
willpower Willie hmm
Willie let's get one thing clear okay
you're s'posed eat junk food during the
holidays you're supposed to gain weight
you're supposed to be fat America Santa
that just fat okay and I feel like it's
only the right thing to do to follow his
footsteps on Christmas since it's his
birthday
there's eight reindeer for a reason
because Santa's fat if Santa wasn't fat
we would need less reindeer and to be
honest now we can get rid of some of the
pansy Rangers we don't need like forget
like effing Prancer the white Prancer
that I hate Kratzer for what I Rangers
press
I think dancers like the uberx of
Rangers you know what I just can't
I don't it let's just get rid of Prancer
okay because I just I just can't take
this place seriously put brown sugar
back to my point be fat during Christmas
so would you say oh just an hour of
Pilates how about you I ain't cake
cookies anyone
thank you I can't what do you mean you
can't
I'm on a strict diet I have a photo
shoot coming up but it's Christmas
Fitness doesn't go on holiday just have
a cookie
no no thank you Lily Cassie have a
cookie
no I'm not going to have a cookie don't
do this Cassie have a cookie I'm not
having a cookie just have a cookie what
is wrong with you I don't want to cook
either way it's good stop ruining
Christmas have a damn cookie Oh what oh
you're better than me now cuz you want
just because my body's 80% water and
pour tea for some muffins you're better
than me don't mind I'll happy cookies
number five the turtle does and ka the
mother effing cheese balls
shut up whore Jesus I'm sick and I'm
hungry don't judge me also I would do
exciting things can we be super real for
a second how much is it just me or do
people seem so much more in love during
the holidays on Monday Ayanna hissa
annoying on Tuesday I mean like he's
okay I gas on Wednesday
no but I still won't like him I just
can't stand the way he walks on
Christmas I'm getting married like are
you supposed to stop the stocking long
Christmas okay not pick them up so what
does everyone doing for the holidays
tinder faking paleo cookies knocking out
some of those home renovations
I don't do holidays spending all the
time I can with my favorite little owl
oh baby all I want for Christmas is you
what what is it
Oh Joey you're the wreath on my door of
hope
you're my little eggnog oh I can't wait
to unwrap your gifts and I know I'll be
sad if you'll be about a little oh stop
oh baby Eskimo kiss come here Oh first
you didn't even like the boy now it's
Christmas and all of a sudden you drink
your champagne with papi
what up sweater referencing something
look the SUNY you mm-hmm
this seems like Rudolph's nose is not
the only thing getting turned on this
holiday season just really make sense
irony is that even sexy thing I feel
sure my just same thing that Cole just
makes them sexier I'm not really sure
likely go
oh I'll jinglebell your rock or like or
I'll deck your halls I'm sorry I don't
know is it sexy I cuz it's just hurting
and I think about like home decor you
know I hope you enjoyed that video with
Chris Sam Kathy Joey Casey
Trey Amy if you don't know who these
people are you gotta check them out all
the channels are in the description so
go show them some love if you liked this
video give it a big thumbs up make sure
you comment below you can check out my
last video right there you can check out
my blog right there you make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday
y'all want trauma altro one love
superwoman that is a wrap and did you
build y'all family on killing
