gold gold ah
why isn't this me oh my you're so
adorable
ah such girls Lily you watching soccer
what's the score
what no just talking cute couples on the
internet feeling bad for myself hey
what's happening here
Nikki watching hockey what no I'm not
watching sports obviously I have so much
work to do I'm googling pictures of
celebrity couples right because they're
cute and hot and romantic and in love
and their goals okay you mean like a
Mormon amiright oh you're serious
oh god no huh but we invest a couple
okay you see our vegetable garden on
fire on what you hate each other hey no
no no hey we love each other hi I love
them that's right okay we saw good we
make a other couple bad I said other
couple should come to us okay for advice
okay we should be ready counselor see
how can I dare you to try you dare me I
dare you
you daring me yes me correct
okay okay but I'm Dean I want to search
entire Internet okay
you bring me couple who fighting the
most bring them to us hey yeah okay good
luck with that
okay Manjeet i google these people okay
I put most dysfunctional couple they
come up okay we have to prove me wrong
okay they start a second
how you stop fishermen terminal yeah hi
ru you're going to pay cash or jack
we're sure we have to help them first
all right okay sorry right okay we only
take a certified check my name Paramjeet
relationship expert that's right
short are e like a like a needy but yes
you know you better have my money only
certified check mean my name Angie
that's a world record holder for best
husband in all of Canada okay tell us
what is problem Charlotte
make me goody-goody one by one she tried
to convince me that she was pregnant for
an entire month
well he's always putting bugs on me hey
you did what did pretty crazy yeah I
didn't want to do the condom challenge
and he made me do it
the water challenge hand them challenge
this how kids doing it these days huh no
condom challenge intermarriage okay what
the bloody hell you talking about we
prank each other all the time and it's
like ruining our relationship hmm
okay okay so you're going to pay cash
you both playing fool aren't telling
lies and take or treating each other ah
I see okay they make a fun of each other
are okay with it if this is ruin your
relationship
why do you know prank each other in
opposite way huh
what do you mean I guess what do you
mean don't
next time Jesse pranking you you go to
prank him back by pretending the duo mad
no no you're going to pretend you love
you huh yes good good the side and when
Gina nag you you prank her and you
pretend that were very happier when you
mad you lied to each other you said you
loved each other inside maybe killing
each other that's okay you know my only
thing matter what other people think and
see that's right that's right a happy
home is one that look happy
okay come let's try huh you always leave
your shoes at me why do you care
I mean sorry baby I'm sorry baby I just
forget to pick up my shoes I just forget
to pick up my shoes as I see your pretty
face would you continue your braid okay
you won't pick up shoe because you want
to pick them up when you run away from
this devil monster lady but to be fair
baby you do take very long to get ready
for very long well one of us has to look
good in this relationship I mean and we
saw you baby sorry baby I spent less
time getting ready I'll spend last time
getting ready and more time hugging you
and more time do you know in your brain
no to go to see you my cake so get
elongated any harm because I not doing
makeup okay and googling pictures of
Ryan Gosling right you know what I talk
to my I have a fucking perfect and there
you go okay this is what relationship is
all about oh my god this is the best
yeah thank you so much this might
actually help us Thank You Jess so Japan
cash of Jack we only take a certified
checker you guys are cold yes you are
you tell you two lovebirds okay no prob
thank you all right thank you so much
violence elope okay okay goodbye okay
thank you very much goodbye
okay okay they totally screwed up yeah
I'm giving them a one a week okay I am
tired I'm going to sleep but apparently
before you sleeper make me lunch for
tomorrow
I have long day okay okay good night
darling
love you boo-boo love you bye okay you
bloody useless man I'm going to put
expired yogurt old bread in your lunch
okay when you get sicker I'm not going
to help you no no no you're going to be
throwing up I went to go get a manicure
so when I come home slap your ugly
stupid face my nail going to be looking
very nice you dumb stupid man yo hope
you liked that video thanks so much
to Jess
being in my video if you don't know who
they are what are you doing what are you
doing and you go check them out the link
is in the description we also did a dope
challenge on their channel so make sure
you check it out if you have fun don't
think this is like a dream come true for
me so like oh my god I love it if you
liked this video give it a big thumbs up
make sure you comment below you can
check out my last video right there you
can check out my blogs right there and
you know make sure you subscribe because
I make new videos every Monday Thursday
I want you to be there one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop I
think I've nailed it use it on the
spring time
