I'm alive what everyone's a girl
superwoman and for those of you who
don't watch my vlog channel first of all
boo
why you might be wondering where the f
I've been because I haven't uploaded on
to this channel in like over a week
maybe even a week and a half I'm dead
well that's because I'm making a really
big life decision and I'm moving to LA
tomorrow morning I don't want to give
you all heads up in case you didn't know
for whatever reason maybe you don't
follow me on the Twitter's and the
instagrams and all that ish in which
case again whoa why this has been a
really long time coming I've been
working on this move for over a year and
tomorrow is finally the day that I'm
gonna like be a legit adult and in
regards to this move I want to tell you
a few things leg up number one I want to
make it very clear that although I am
moving to LA and I love LA I will remain
a loyal proud Canadian who reps Toronto
all the time and always says Scarborough
for life I will continue to support the
Raptors and the Leafs
and the Blue Jays until I die so pack up
my boxing right now full of Raptors
jerseys ok to be messing around thing
that that's gonna change mmm
have yeah number two although I will
come back home for the holidays etc I
won't be here that often which means
that you won't see this wall very often
which is kind of heartbreaking because
this wall has done so much for us salute
to this wall I've done so many rants in
front of this wall so many great
memories in front of this wall also you
won't see my house in any of the parents
gets any more it'll be a new setting so
moan of silence for this wall and this
setting but I will be making a wall very
similar in my new la apartment so don't
worry the vibes you'll still be there no
matter to be honest this move is a
really big deal for me this is the first
time I will ever be moving away from
home Naboo there's gonna be a lot of
first it's gonna be very difficult and
challenging there's gonna be a lot of
new obstacles that I've never dealt in
my life so for that reason I'm asking
kindly Kai can't speak I'm sorry please
be patient with my upload schedule I
might miss a few days I post a status
mochas the other day as well I miss a
few uploads of my schedule might be a
little bit effed up be patient I promise
once I'm settled and properly things
will go completely back to normal every
Monday and Thursday number let's talk
about these twelve collabs of Christmas
right you know every Christmas I do
twelve claps of Christmas I am moving
tomorrow which is December first
and technically clap should be coming up
I've been so consumed by this moving all
the packing all the legal stuff has to
go behind it I haven't really had time
to plan these clouds I still want to do
them but you know I don't like to do
crappy collab so I'm going to try my
best to do them but they might be like
10 collabs might be a I haven't decided
yet but the point is I'm sorry no that's
not the point what was the point in it
the point is I'm gonna try my best and I
know you'll be so supportive like you
always are but just know that I am
working on it and I hope I can make it
happen and me number 5 I mentioned this
one of my vlogs but I want to mention it
right here as well my p.o box is no
longer in service so the PIO box has
been in the description of all my videos
that has been shut down now because it
is my toronto canadian p.o box so i
guess don't like you whatever you were
going to send me keep it for yourself
you deserve it be number six this is
going to be some real inspirational talk
right now
I am terrified I'm absolutely terrified
to move and I have said this before in
my state again I truly truly believe
that success lies outside of your
comfort zone and my house has been the
greatest comfort zone for me this city
has been the greatest comfort zone for
me all my friends are here all my family
is here and I accomplished so much here
but I know that it's gonna require me to
leave to progress in my career and
follow my dreams and all the things I
want to do and I am so freakin scared
and so I have made an active decision to
step out of my comfort zone challenge
myself put myself in a situation where I
am scared and so I just want to tell you
because you know I love you all so much
and you're my viewers and I care about
you I want to use this example to
encourage all of you to say hey
sometimes you have to make those scary
life choices and just make effort I'm
going for it I'm diving in because all
the great things I've ever accomplished
are all the great things you've ever
accomplished if you look back at them it
probably required you to just be like
I'm terrified and I'm gonna do it
anyways and so whatever you want to do
mat honestly its effect just go for it
it's gonna be scary it's gonna be
terrifying you might be upset but dude
you live once unless you have different
views on that but for this moment
obviously you live once and just do it n
number seven is the last one I promise
I'll shut up after this but this is just
me telling you that you know what if you
follow my vlogs or you follow me on
anything else you
I've been so consumed by this whole move
I've cried I've bawled my eyes out I've
been upset I've been scared I don't want
to say goodbye to people and last night
I just I did it all I cried for so long
and right now all I want to tell you is
we're in this together team super and
we're going to be amazing and we're
going to move to LA and we're gonna
forget kill it and right now things
might be emotional and things might be
difficult but once we settle in the
family that we are we are gonna kill it
and we're going to take team super to
new heights and that's all I could ever
ask for that's why I'm doing what I'm
doing it's to take us to new heights so
we are in this together and we are
moving to LA tomorrow I love you that's
pretty much it that's all I'm gonna shut
up now um if you like this video give it
a thumbs up comment below you know say
something nice and supportive because
I'll be crying tomorrow if you wanna
check out my last video is right there's
called how I watch YouTube videos it's
like a week and a half old I'm sorry my
bad my blogs oh you know it's not even
known there's over there I kid I kid
it's right there my vlogs I'm so
deserted my vlogs are over there you can
see me being an emotional wreck having
my goodbye thing over there all the
stuff is there so subscribe to that
because I'll be showing my new apartment
all that stuff in my vlog so if you like
