okay one video and then I'm starting my
work what's this
Adele performing live whoo pink holy
crap she's so good but what's this the
new music videos out click oh my god I
need to watch that again hey hey wait
wait what's this related video let me
see Elliot what what she released a new
song oh my god this is amazing what are
people saying about this thank god missy
is back true queen so good
goodbye Nicky and Iggy people are so
mean hmm someone replied to that 5060
replies better read them all why do you
have to compare people just enjoy the
music oh wait what people say that Oh
shop you stupid oh stop your mom thumbs
this up for no reason no STFU I'm a
potato at snow angel 47 that's really
rude and inappropriate but crap wait
what what did snowing dos a pull-up go
well go no search snow angel 47 wears no
Angela Randall lover 4 3 1 says this is
porn under Miranda released a new video
Miranda sings
search every lesson we've promised
laughs 1 your shirt really or shredder
soup the last one
okay wait hurricanes we did a collab my
god they did one on his channel to
comment I love you too so much entering
thumbs up
Kingsley collab with grace grace clad
with Mary Mary collab with Tyler how to
clap with Dan is on fire
wait was this baby saves a man from a
house fire Catching Fire deleted scene
eight hours of fireplace footage wait is
this really eight hours long
oh my god it is what 10 hours of
fireplace there's no way what with wait
wait a hundred hours of fireplace
footage Cabul
oh my god a million you okay this is
just crazy
wait what's this hey if you like this
fireplace video you'll love my videos
check out my channel okay uh help this
is pretty good this cat is so cute cute
cat videos search oh my god these
cancers are dumb no no no fall oh my god
I need to watch this again and again and
again okay okay I'm gonna back after
work waiting up next singing goat what
what goat remixes whip and nae nae gulp
addition whip whip
I didn't even whip innately how to whip
and nae nae
watch me watch me what what with watch
me do a smokey eye tutorial yes please
and I pour wine
what's my crease wait 10 tricks to help
you looking skin hold on 5 tips to a
rock art but to me DIY back-to-school
tips video game high school how does it
exist pewdiepie plays new video game
Game of Thrones reactions the red
wedding no it wasn't epic wedding
proposals oh my god stop oh
montage of soldiers returning home stop
teenagers are reacting to soldiers
returning home she made Mutant Ninja
Turtles Pizza red Pizza rat kpop remix
lon
dancing to Pizza rat kpop remix kids
reacting to llamas dancing to Pizza rat
kpop remix yes please
wait where I like I think I hear wait it
was just 10 hours of kids reacting to
llama dancing to Pizza rat kpop remix no
way whatever like the girls so poem I
hope you enjoyed this video this is
literally the story of my entire life if
you can relate please click the thumbs
up one Palma below letting me know what
kind of weird videos you watch on
YouTube if you want to for my last video
it is right there it is called if my
family was one direction my second vlog
channel is right there as well in case
you're on a phone to those annotations
don't work I'll put all the links in the
description also if you want to go kind
of cry because it make new videos every
Monday and Thursday 1 fluff so woman and
that is a wrap and Zoop I almost forgot
also right there see the good look
without going on now saying I'm abstract
Mike Tyson - Jesse
