one of the boys are girls so woman
welcome to ask superwoman live as per
usual no idea this is working not tweet
me let me know if you can hear me and
see me all fine because I'm watching
myself right now and I can't it seems
like nothing has happened so I'm seeing
what you're seeing and it's just a blank
screen oh there it goes under a super
super room and live my live show happens
on the 14th every single month I'm here
for one hour answering your questions
just chillin with you chat with you
giving you shout outs tell you about my
life I'm gonna give 3 people shout outs
on little papers we got such a good time
we're gonna tweet each other and these
friends I got some popcorn and a
skittles man oh that's a lot of butter
oh god there's butter all over my desk
whatever minor details my neck details I
hope everyone's having a great day
admittedly as per usual I rushed home
and I'm just like frazzled and now I'm
like doesn't matter for the next hour I
can just unwind and chill my homies so
what am i doing what you should do is
let's get more people to this part a is
actually really exciting announcement to
tell you that I'm saying the first time
when I asked for live right now it is a
little surprise of where I'm going
tomorrow that I have not disclosed yet
so I'm gonna tweet this feel free to
tweet as well you just click the URL
tweet it hashtag it use the hashtag ask
super live let's go more people in this
part a just started know just started my
livestream and I'm about to tell you a
secret secret right so secret secret
secret join now when ask superwoman a
knife you can just retweet that if you
want to retweet even do whatever you
want also look at my cool shirt it's a
long teeth it's got this army thing at
the bottom I thought that's kind of cool
I thought that was kind of cool my cool
sweater I tried to look a little good
for you you know what I mean grab
yourself a drink
grab yourself something Oh grab yourself
something to eat for one hour this is
all about team
super hope you don't mind my heater is
on because it's really cold here in
Toronto oh my uniform zippers they put
those on
well that pulled up all that my unicorn
zippers are on I'm ready so you might be
wondering what is the chaos that is
happening around me as you may or may
not know December 1st I am moving to LA
and so this is like kind of my big
moving process I got boxes my rooms it's
just it's just chaos so just allow it
and yeah I must check Twitter real quick
to make sure everyone can hear me and
see me um I think so I think so
everyone's everyone's I mean no one is
that they can so great I'm gonna answer
questions and I'm gonna do a whole bunch
of stuff I will talk about on YouTube
red because I got so many questions on
YouTube red I'll talk about my secret of
where I'm going tomorrow I'll eat some
popcorn I will talk all about my latest
video that took so much work by One
Direction video and of course will give
you all wonderful wonderful shout outs
so let's get this thing started we will
start off with first and foremost a few
questions on Twitter use the hashtag a
superb live and I will answer them and
then we'll get into all other fun stuff
Oh open my popcorn bag here nobody needs
me Twitter name first of all I'd like to
comment that your Twitter name is
inaccurate there's many people nothing
anyone needing you who enjoy you so
change your Twitter name um question is
do you like 1d so my recent video was if
my family was One Direction the leanest
in the description we'll talk about that
video in more detail in a little bit but
I'm gonna be honest with you you know I
never lie to you I'm not the biggest One
Direction fan I like some of their songs
I like that some makes you beautiful
like steal my girl I love story of my
life I like dumb oh nice
Badman I like I like their songs but
like point everything about them I meant
the biggest hugest fan no but I enjoy
them enough and I know a lot of you
really really like them so I always try
to find the balance something I like and
something I know you'll really really
like so it's kind
uh attribute to not just their album
coming up but also for team super
because I know a lot of your 1d fans and
I tried to make it away what even if you
weren't a 1d fan you still enjoy the
comedy of it so asked answer question
question change burning um okay someone
just sent me amazing drawings and I'm
parroting and retweeting it because a
holy crap um okay so that was though
okay so Julia asks have you found an
apartment yet okay let's talk about this
so like I mentioned December first I'm
moving it is November 14th I don't have
a place yet so what happened was I'm
currently cursed the first place I had I
was about to like because first I'm
gonna rent for like three or four months
before I actually buy a place because I
want to make sure like I like that area
and everything's all good and so I was
literally signing off to rent this place
and this guy was it all actually I just
sold it and then you owners not gonna
rent it and I'm like why didn't you
mention throughout all of our
negotiations that you were gonna sell
the place so he totally screwed me over
then I was signing off in another place
and my realtor was going till I give the
check like hey just let you know
starting December 17th is gonna be
construction every single day starting
7:00 a.m. in the morning for most of the
day and I'm like how did I mention this
when we came to see the place it's just
like people keep not giving me all the
details it's been really frustrating and
I'm like it's nothing that I minded
noise like I can't make videos people
are drilling all day long so I'm just
like okay so I'm like going through my
last option that I'm at a point right
now where I'm panicked because I told
myself no matter what when I'm a place
or don't have a place to summer first I
am going to LA I don't care I am going
and moving there so I'm gonna place it
was kind of like find me any place first
but that's my current drop on current
stress but doesn't matter either way
December 1st I'm there and I'm going
that's what's up alright questions
questions how do you and your family
feel about moving asks Donyell I think
that's the name uh I'm gonna have to do
with me eating popcorn in between every
single question I'm during every
question I am really excited to have a
place I can finally call home not that
this isn't home but as you can see from
my job I'm doing this a lot I'm holding
invisible boobs
but my dog it's unique
it needs that you need to have a place I
need to be able to like record
everywhere in the house I need to like I
haven't a stupid amount of stuff like
camera equipment to make props and
costumes and right now my house and room
is not equipped for that so I have my
props and cameras and tripods everywhere
and it just is not a functional space
I'm really excited to move I can on my
own space a closet for my equipment a
certain area for my props and costumes
and I can't wait to have that sense
organization having said that I am also
very nervous this will be the first time
I ever move away from my parents and yes
I'm not afraid I'm not I'm not ashamed
to admit that I J something recently I'm
just gonna go out in tangent a little
bit of rent or should I say this till
the end I'll touch on it lightly right
now and say it again at the end I have
recently decided and I think a big
reason why this is is because I've met
Selena Gomez and she was exactly like
this is the greatest takeaway just from
where was I'm just gonna be myself I
don't care if people make fun of me I
don't care if they think I'm lame
oftentimes I tell people yeah I'm 27 I
live with my parents and they look at me
like what a loser no and my culture that
is completely normal and I don't care
people think I'm a loser
yes I'm 27 I live with my parents I do
not care I'm so cool so high the first
time of me moving away from my parents
and I'm a little bit nervous and sense
of like I travel all the time I travel
the world alone I'll be fine in that
sense what's kinda like this is this is
the thing this is like a step this is
like I hey I'm officially moving out of
course I'll visit all the time I'll be
back all the time all my friends and
family are here but it's like I'm gonna
move to a completely different area and
to be honest I'm not gonna have many
friends I know all of you everything
cool but you have other youtubers and
yes there are certain youtubers I'm good
friends with I you know Kingsley Colleen
Lindsey swoozie um all these people and
I I would consider my friends and I know
they're there but they're also very very
busy so I won't have friends like how I
have like a chase or an ocean II that
like I can call over whenever and that
makes me really nervous to think that I
bleep up a lot of times I'm really
lonely and really like Frank Frank Frank
but success lies outside of your comfort
zone them very excited in terms of my
family so I know this is a very long
answer but in terms of my family
I think they've reached a point where
they're like this is what's best for
Lily of course I know them to be sad I'm
gonna visit all the time like I said but
I'm not really home anyways right now so
snobby like I'm
I think it's just more about mentoring
like my daughter's moving out but
they're so supportive and I think they
know this is what would be best for my
career so that is a very long answer to
how do me and my family feel about me
moving up further go any further I am
going to tell you how you can win the
first shout out there's so much butter
on the popcorn that I put this paper
there and the papers turn see-through by
the way that's whatsapp it was a fan
that gave me popcorn at the movies and
she's like I put extra butter cuz I know
what's up oh my god how you can win the
first shout-out and if it's your first
time here welcome to a supermoon live I
give shout outs miss the by writing your
name on this paper I'm posing with it
I'm hatin when the first one is not
gonna be so real with you I work so damn
hard on my last video if my family was
one direction I work so so hard on it I
kind of want like a lot of people to
zoom so from now on from this moment
until the end the live stream
use the hashtag if my family was one
direction is it was or were don't know
English what is it
ooh if my family was one direction had
one direction if my family was at one
direction I want to even get trending on
while many people seen as possible I
work so so hard and I don't think it's a
really good video so you can either
treat me questions or tweet me random
statements just use the hashtag if my
family was it one sir why am i
struggling was if I family was one
direction go ahead and do that and I'll
pick a winner at the end of livestream
and give you a shout out that's what you
can do and in a couple minutes
ox you know at the halfway mark at 6:00
I'm gonna tell you my secret of where
I'm going tomorrow I'll give you a hint
it's not a full completion of something
on my bucket list like if this was the
checkmark on a bucket list it'd be like
a half checkmark it's not the full buts
half a checkmark off my bucket list so
it's exciting it's exciting so I'll tell
you that in 15 minutes um more questions
more questions how many people we got
here by the way left 4500 people 45 I'm
looking at you look at you are looking
at you first of all this is for you
thank you so much it's Saturday I don't
know where you are in the world but
you're spending this hour with me you
could be doing a million other things
that are way better than this and you
choosing to spend time with me thank you
but it's on the bottom line where
honestly all day I've been running
around and like just stress and
frazzling my brain he kept saying oh you
know that one hour you have four-team
super loose you can relax and be
yourself and just chill out so this
means a lot to me so thank you so much
for spending this time with me on the
14th of every single month I do ask
someone live so this is your first one
welcome if you've been here for many of
them thank you for coming about I really
appreciate that um and I I appreciate
that I also look like a mess and a bunch
I don't look like a mess we all look
damn fine it's real but my hair is so
oily an easy wash but that's a whole
separate issue
um let's go to Twitter and answer work
with students okie dokie Tokyo is or
what would you call it as Tasha whoo mmm
Tiger Oh name my pet dinosaur Tiger
teams or teams super Georgia asks how do
you feel about Missy Elliott coming back
to get your freak on get your freaking
is it worth it let me work getting from
again a free put in reverse it is there
was one year that I am a huge and when
she released her video it was everything
I wanted to be a man to be funky I want
to be weird I wanna be authentic Missy
Elliott even when she perform with Katy
Perry the Super Bowl I was like mother
época region I'm so excited she's back
and I feel like the hole in my heart is
slowly being filled because of Missy
Elliott so I'm so excited about it you
know okay so a lot I've seen a lot of
questions that I asked me about YouTube
bread let me just address this real real
real quick okay they're not even real
you I'm a real dude you to read a lot of
you have freaking I thought you don't
need to him I tell you I rose up if
you're mayor are may or may not know my
movie a trip to unicorn island is going
to release I had a to be determined date
on YouTube red
let me explain to a YouTube red is
listen to the words that are coming out
of my mouth stop typing listen
words that are coming out of my mouth
because so many times I say this and
people literally comment the exact
opposite of what I'm saying so I'm gonna
tell you exactly what it is I know what
I'm talking about
I've had this meeting with YouTube seven
hundred times I literally Cerie my
contact at YouTube who's also my dear
friend and I love her I talk to her
almost every day so what I'm telling you
is factual I'm not making it up
I know what I'm talking about okay
YouTube red is simply a subscription
service through YouTube but allows you
to watch YouTube in a different way
never let me finish so if you sign up
for YouTube credit is a monthly fee just
like any other subscription service like
a necklace or whatever is it anything
else it's a monthly for you and when you
pay whatever amount of money per month
this is what you get through YouTube
better you get no ads on any YouTube
videos you will get exclusive content
from a lot of people so my movie um
PewDiePie has a show finebros have a
show um Joey Graceffa has a show Rooster
Teeth has a show so the exclusive shows
like that um so those are two major
benefits amongst many other benefits but
before you freak out let me tell you
this does not mean you have to get
YouTube bread to watch my regular videos
and this is where everyone is so
confused I was like I can't live out of
pay for your videos every Monday there's
no know if you don't get you to bread
you can still continue using YouTube
exactly how you're using it right now
every Monday Thursday you can watch my
videos you want all your are the
favorite creators all your favorite
videos nothing will change but should
you choose to get youtube red and sign
up for the subscription you will get my
movie and you will get ads for YouTube
and a whole bunch of other exclusive
content having said that the one do you
tell people are freaking out about is
just like any other subscription base
there's no contract if you want to get
from one month and you decide you don't
like it and you want to cancel it
go ahead there is no charge there's
nothing so in essence although I have
YouTube and I think it's great in
essence if you just wanted to watch my
movie you could get YouTube red and I
think the price don't quote me and I
believe it's $9.99 that's the one part
that I'm not it might be a bit more
expensive less in some places I'm not
sure but
I believe it's 999 you could watch my
movie and then not get you to buy the
next month if you don't like it if you
do like it you should stick with it but
if not just so we're clear because I got
so many angry Yuma's gonna I cannot
believe I have to pay to watch your
Monday Thursday nurse no you do not you
absolutely do not have to do that and
for all the people who are saying cuz
you don't agree with you I can't believe
we got to pay to watch a movie that's
what I'm gonna stop you and be like
excuse me you know how much money that
movie costs to make there is no way I
would be able to eat dinner if I didn't
charge you something to watch that movie
so work with me a little bit here stop
trippin out the world is not ending it's
completely fine
also when YouTube first launches I think
its first launching just in America but
you can watch my movie from around the
world because even if YouTube bread is
not available where you are you will be
able to rent my movie still off YouTube
for a set fee
in conclusion nothing is happening the
world is not blowing up YouTube red is
not evil and you can still watch my
videos regardless so I hope that
clarifies to help people stop freaking
out I know change is scary all that
stuff but there it is I told you like
how it is I told you my euros you trust
me if I showed you all the other options
of how I could release my movies you as
well what agree YouTube bread is the
best one because the other ones were
either you're gonna pay a lot to see it
you're gonna have to do some next-level
age to see it and I don't want to do
that
simple as that so now I've covered that
okay and we can stop trippin out stop
tripping up alright alright ask you more
questions so Carla asked what part of LA
are you moving to or are you secretly
just moving in with Colleen yes I am
secretly moving I'm Colleen um they
haven't told Josh yet but I was like a
minor detail he didn't ease no Katrina
asked have you ever had braces because
your teeth are amazing so Katrina then
you're from Isis Greek unicorn is past
midnight thank you so much for being
here I've never had braces but I really
really need braces it might seem that my
teeth are straight because I smile like
this I talked you throw straight my
bottom teeth which I will openly show
you now
are very very crooked and I desperately
need braces so I'm glad the illusion is
working but it's not in fact true but
thank you okay okay well so in about ten
minutes I will tell you the secret of
where I'm going tomorrow and I'm very
excited then I'm gonna give someone a
shout-out at the end of sidestream if
you use the hashtag if my family um was
one direction and I'll give you another
let's start another shout out as well
good my facebook so I'm gonna do
multiple shot at that time right okay
let's go to my Facebook fan page
facebook.com slash iisuperwomanii what's
gonna happen is okay I'm going to share
my new video so I'm going to put click
shit like so cheer on to win a live show
go and go it is my new video oh it's not
working clearly I'm very weird right now
I apologize and run okay
click shirts with a live shout-out and
go and still not working god damn it
damn the technologies man damn gutti
damn garbage hell damn stupid okay okay
clearly I've never posted on Facebook
before and I don't know what the hell
I'm doing is give me two seconds okay
here we go native man yeah okay there it
is it says click we shared to it a live
shut up I just post on my Facebook fan
page go there click share share the
video and I will pick someone and give
them a shout-out at the same time I'm
trying to do different platforms
Facebook Twitter than external doing
YouTube tweet me using the hashtag if my
family was one direction and yeah I will
also tweet that actually right now it's
my family was one direction one
direction made in beep a.m. so I also
treated it you would like you can just
retweet my tweet as well I said when I
is my twitter handle so let me know
okay
when we answer some more questions so
you got a Facebook shadow happy right
now on Twitter shut up multitask and
drink some coke why are your questions
you know bad meetings mm-hmm I say good
question DOM asked how did you like weed
a Ottawa you killed it thank you so much
Don that's very quick quick weed sweet
and cute weed or is that just how Indian
say cute I can't figure it out I'm okay
I performed that we dad the honor and
privilege of performing at We Day in
Ottawa my school never had for you if
you're watching around the world we Diaz
like a really great really really great
event it's for students and a foundation
call for your children get your brother
started and never meet will be movement
that's all about empowering students
like make a difference in the world I'm
like positive change and it's really
great it happens like stadiums were
16,000 students in the part that's the
best about we day is that they have like
celebrities come and speak so the Selena
Gomez has done it I'm like a lot of
really really cool people have done it
and it's great because you can't buy
tickets to the event the students have
to earn their way to the event by doing
things throughout the school year that
make a positive impact that's really
really really cool I'm speaking to this
audience of 16,000 people knows great
people holding signs one percent sign
said I'm here from when jeans like it
was so heartwarming and wonderful and
according to organizers like the
audience response to my speech was
really really good like the guy actually
compared it to the Jonas Brothers that
yo we haven't heard a reaction like that
since like the Jonas Brothers and I was
like god damn so like it was really fun
and I hope I get to do more you got such
a good time and you know I'm all about
that I'm all about like that positive
inspirational like yo we're on this
planet for X amount of time we need to
do something with that time you know we
need to do something with that time so
it was really cool hmm Melissa asks a
question I've actually never been asked
before which is what YouTube would you
think shares most common interests with
you that's a really really good question
I left a few answers
um Colleen and I are really really
similar in a sense that we're both
workaholics I don't think there's
I think we've really bond on the fact
that we all were always editing always
working on something very go-go-go-go so
mean Colleen really relate to the really
teach I think us we're always complain
like I don't have time to go my friend
time time time fallacious because I'm so
busy working
Kurenai really is really similar like
that just might work soulmate in terms
of youtubers for sure um in terms of
like people that have that kind of
unicorn you vibe or this like unicorn
positivity like spread happiness I would
even say Lindsey Lindsey Stirling and I
have a long come from very first time I
ever met her I knew I'm like oh my god I
forget having a big crush on her I love
her so much so Lindsey I definitely a
lot in common
King and I I don't know honestly King is
the most interesting friendship of mine
because he is so wonderful in so many
ways Kingsley but we're very different
in a lot of ways you know he's it's
great to have us both in an interview
and I mentioned this the other day is
like he will be very excessive give it a
very like firm answer with attitude not
I like unicorn world peace and so we're
kind of really different that sense but
we just really click I think the thing
that King and I have the most in common
is that we have this same idea of
friendship like I've never met someone
else
in LA that had that same idea of what it
means to be friends like Kingsley has
like he he does things I make me feel
like safe and at home because he has
that same idea of friendship so that's
managed is that in about five minutes
I'm going to tell you my secret of where
I'm going tomorrow I got a Facebook
shadow going on I got a Twitter shot
going on I'm in for 31 minutes as your
questions with my popcorn and my
coca-cola and wheeze off a hare and the
popcorn so butter I can pick it up hold
up oh that's right more questions here
we go don't forget to use the hashtag if
my family was one direction or ask
supermel I but right now Manson
questions out hashtag it my family was
one direction so go do that only says I
you say your name what was your favorite
part of your visit Rinna and tobago so
tried to make it was my biggest show
I've had in the entire tour there was 50
to 100 people there and still people
wanted to come it was completely
sold out I loved bringing machel montano
I don't think you guys know the strings
I had to pull portray that basically as
soon as I got turned I confirmed I
reached out to rather be reached out to
ki I already had contact with both of
them but Marshall I I've never I just
tweeted him any following that was great
um but it turns out that Marshalls also
with collective which is the YouTube
network I'm with so I accessed him
through that but this is the story of
what happened I reached out to Marshall
and I was like doing the show I'm a huge
fan of your music I think it would be so
amazing if for my first show and I'm the
biggest show I've ever done I bring out
you and if you don't know who he is
basically I always say soca music and a
lot people don't know what soca music
isn't it boggles my mind so the music is
amazing type of music okay it's so so
good it's it's just like think of how to
explain it it's like jumpin wave Joe is
a carnival it's like you just got a
Google soak up music I explained it to
you it's just so good and it's so high
energy is so happy and he's like one of
the biggest artists like the top biggest
artist it's almost like the equivalent
of me bring Drake out in Toronto like
bringing mashallah and Trinidad is like
he's like the king of soca legit so I
reached out to him like having a show
he lives in LA I'm like would really
want you come and he's like I would love
to his manager was like he would love to
but he can't he's not available that day
and he's gonna be in LA and I was like
Frank okay fine so I took the no as an
answer got that yacht up and then this
show about even bigger and bigger and
bigger and bigger and as the show got
bigger I was like I need my show there
ìiím ultimate get something you should
know about me is I do not take no for an
answer
okay it was a big yo Mike ma show this
show is so big let me know what I have
to do to get you to come I will pay for
your tickets I will literally like talk
to the people you have to shoot with so
they don't get mad act like I will just
tell me and so I asked him a second time
who's like okay honestly let's try to
make this work and then I flew in
Trinidad we did the show chillin with
Marshalls on my favorite party is a
spectacular human being he's so
spiritual just like me and see we just
had a really spiritual conversation it
was great um the next day he took me on
a yacht and he like serenaded me and
sang me songs yeah it was like
the greatest thing ever but I have to
say one of my favorite things which hurt
I was actually meeting the people I feel
like treating Trinidad people are very
attentive a go so people are so unique
in the sense that they're very about
like and the best way I can put it and I
hope it's not offensive the best way I
can put it is I took a lot of the world
at least in North America is very
superficial superficial people like our
industries all superficial is all about
how you look and all that stuff and you
have to make up there variable we're
just gonna have a good time you know I
don't care if I don't have ABS I'm gonna
wear short top and go to Carnival I
don't care and I don't care I was fun
and celebrate this and it's just so
great I went a mad got that very
down-to-earth humble vibe that there was
just about good vibes good energy and
having a good time and I really really
appreciate that I felt comfortable at
all times and everyone's worried about
how I looked at people were judging me
it was just really really cool
am i frozen I think I'm frozen did I
freeze I fret I froze on my computer so
I'm not sure oh yeah okay I'm about to
tell you where I'm going tomorrow I'm in
fact weakest right now because I'm so
excited
hold on wrote to tell about to tell I
can't spell say what what to tell you
where I'm going tomorrow surprise find
out oh no
okay I let that simmer for about 30
seconds and then I'm gonna tell you um
let me just preface it with you know I'm
a vision board it's right there it's
right there okay a lot of things on the
vision board this year has been
spectacular spectacular in terms of
things we've done together um this is
just another cool thing I get to do and
literally it's been like a year in the
making because one year ago I sent this
thing they'll be like hey when this
happens no I need everyone everyone to
use all of their power to make sure I go
to this okay so I made it very clear
like a long time ago
um it's not a complete check off the
bucket list but it's one step close you
know what check mark is
this it's like maybe this so let me just
tell you so it's exciting for me - very
exciting for you but now I'm gonna tell
you where I'm going and I'm right
excited okay you ready so tomorrow I'm
the schoolgirl right tomorrow I am
making a very quick spontaneous trip to
LA I'm only going for two days because
on Monday I'm going to go to The Hunger
Games Mockingjay - Mockingjay to
premiere at which Jennifer Lawrence will
be in attendance I can't even I so
freakin excited cuz let me tell you
something I wanted to go to Hunger Games
premiere from day one of Hunger Games
Movies and I was like Frank I'm never
cool enough to go and so full year ago
when I saw the Hunger Games movie I was
like I wanted to be known when the last
movie comes out and it's my last chance
to ever go to a Hunger Games premiere
because it'll never happen again I need
to be there so I'm gonna go
I know walk the red carpet of course you
know me trying to be above and beyond
extra I was trying to shoot a video with
Jennifer Lawrence like let me shoot a
video of course her movies releasing
inches way too much to do so that is not
possible I'm also not even sure I'll
meet her um as of right now I don't have
any schedule thing to meet her and
nothing like that's gonna happen so
unless I like spontaneously see her it's
not gonna happen
but I mean even being the same room as
her is a really big deal for me because
I think she's such an inspiration and
I'm a huge fan of her and I think she's
so freaking talented and down-to-earth
and wonderful and just like hard-working
and grey and so she'd be and at her
premiere is like a huge deal for me I am
so excited
I'm freaking so excited to come I'm
gonna see the movie four days before it
comes out freak the F out uh humble is
gonna go with me and I am so so so
excited everywhere my pin I'm balling up
in the I'm sorry that was a big deal but
it's a big jump for me even breathe the
same air
as Miss Jennifer's okay so we just cool
because I was saying I had three pillows
that I like three pillowcases one is the
rock one is Selena one is Jennifer
Lawrence so it's just this year is just
very very interesting but that'll be
exciting of course I'll long and do all
that stuff so stay tuned because my blog
channel you can follow along on that
whole adventure lover games I mean oh
when I have that said and done now
that's and that's what that is I just
want to go up botton open for the
premiere I'm wearing like this really
sexy like suit thing it's really cool um
but yeah so now I'm gonna go on to my
facebook actually like I didn't just
drop that bomb and give someone a shout
out so I share my last video and I will
give you a shout out right after that I
will tell you how to win the next
shoutout so yo mm-hmm now I'm just doing
this no reason to um you popcorn okay
be brushing now 5 4 3 2 1 I'm gettin
that pink shock be ready okay we go let
me pick someone it's loading is loading
alright I got it
hi I'm writing your name could be your
name could be your name that I'm writing
okay first shout out if your name starts
with s you did not win this job but if
your name starts with v Viviana Stacey
thank you so much for sharing my video
this is your shoutout thank you so much
if you missed it don't worry office
livestream this video will go on my
channel you can pause rewind all that
stuff if you did not win the shadow trip
because I'm leaving wait two more maybe
ina thank you so much for your love and
support I really appreciate you being
here
um let's give away another shadow so how
you cope without this next shot it is um
lets I'll pick someone that's using if
my family was one direction that hashtag
I'm gonna let that simmer for like two
minutes so gives you the chance to
actually see this and tweet it if my
family was one direction
that's the hashtag I'm looking for but
pick someone give them a shout out
not among okay just do it the meantime
I'll answer questions okay so our Russia
my homie my homegirl who's gonna
definitely freaked out as soon as she
hears me say that it's asking how
excited are you about the 12 collabs of
Christmas so in case you don't know and
you just join team super every Christmas
I do 12 clams and Christmas and
whichever these twelve collaborations in
December I'm excited and I'm stressed
about it that's usually my reaction to
most things I'm excited because if you
know anything about me you know I'm
trying to go really over-the-top like
I'm telling you I was tryna get Jennifer
Lawrence barese I'm telling you openly
that's not happening but I'm saying
that's what I tried to make happen so
last year was cool I got Seth Rogen
James Franco Jay Sean Kunal I got all
those peoples I'm trying to like make it
bomb diggity um with some awesome
YouTube creators and some awesome actors
all Isis I'm trying to make it cool but
I'm really nervous because December 1st
is also my move and so it's a bit
ambitious for me to think I'm gonna move
at the start of my tour collabs cuz that
stuff takes a lot of
a lot of work so yeah I'm excited and
nervous but I'm I think it's the perfect
way to end the year with a bang for Team
super that's what I'm trying I'm trying
to make the tall clubs of Christmas like
that last mmm that's right - super I'm
trying to give you guys that pride at
the end of the year so that's my answer
that questions questions questions
questions let me refresh you guys froze
my Twitter hold on well my mum my mum
new fresh is top guy stuck in my teeth
also mmm sorry Mike Twitter like lagging
because if somebody treats coming in is
it to feel how does it feel this Amber's
Lily asks how does it feel to see the
reaction unicorns when they see you so
I'm be honest with you I love meeting
all of you but there are certain things
that happen that I prefer I like when
people come up to me and say hi I have
no problem um I love taking pictures I
have no problem with that
I love having conversations I've no
problem with that the one time that I do
feel a little bit awkward is like if
people come up to me and then don't
speak so like of course I know like when
I met Selina I was so I'm not comparing
myself to Selina by any means but when I
miss Lina I was like a little bit like I
was trying to be cool but I was a little
bit you but I'm at the rock I was like
like I'm trying so I get it I get when
you meet someone you were gonna meet you
kind taken aback but sometimes people
come to me like oh my god and then they
just won't say anything I'll be like hi
I think what it is I just don't like to
be treated in a way that's not normal I
guess I just don't want to feel like I'm
I don't wanna treat it like I'm above
people and I'm not just saying that
cause it's like the cool thing to say
literally that's like look I feel
awkward if people like praised me in
such a way sometimes like no stop don't
do that I
love meeting all of you go and you all
are wonderful um yeah just like hi such
a good big fan you know meet mine if you
are a big fan and saying and then we'll
take a picture and we'll have a
conversation it'll be fine um but you
don't gotta like freak out over me trust
me there's my way cooler people to freak
out over ok such as Jennifer Lawrence
did I mention of like to hug or kiss
premier see I already gave a humble
humble roses cuz he's seen me like
humble was there before I meant so you
know so he knows how I freaked out I was
like listen I might not even meet her I
probably won't and her - I probably
won't but even if I see her like from a
distance I'm gonna be like oh like girl
crush mega girl crush I want to marry
her like girl crush it's a thing it's a
thing okay here we go let's look for
someone let's look for someone to give a
shout out to I'm clicking on the hashtag
if my family was one direction let's see
let's see let's see what - I think I got
one I think I got one
oh no I don't want you to the black
monger I want to use the pink one not
saying you can get wrong with the peplum
I take the mean one hey hope I can
pronounce his name
uh-huh they're not that can pronounce
this
I apologize in advance for my writing my
penmanship or pens one moonship is not
the strongest skill for sure
alright the person who won this shout
out the person who won this shout out if
your name starts with a you might have
won this shout out the person who won is
I hope Isis right a Molly a Amalia is an
accent I don't really know I'm not
there's I don't know if it's an
excellent a who or what it is but thank
you so much for loving support your
username is Lily's popcorn and you said
Lily you're eating me right now you get
it mind you surname okay bye if my
family was one direction so thank you so
much here's your shut up
please and you miss it don't trip my
girl you can pause the wine after this
livestream is done and you can screen
China then but thank you so much for all
your support I appreciate you being here
I'm gonna put 18 more minutes I still
gotta give away one more shout out it'll
happen on YouTube but I'll tell you how
to do that in just a few minutes thank
you all so much for being here and
eating popcorn with me on being my
friend bang boom okay more questions
more questions questions okay Kali asks
can you tell us something from your
bucket list okay so a lot of things not
checked off my bucket list this year
Trinidad Dwayne Johnson Selena Gomez
I haven't said I would love to work with
Dwayne even more they do a video with
them or do something with him or like me
a movie with him same with Selena that
would be like amazing um something I
added to my bucket list was when Selena
goes on tour I definitely wanna go not
only that I want to like see her after
the show I wanna like I know that's kind
of a specific thing but I wanna like go
to show and after
oh my god you did such a good job and
like you're on I feel like that's a very
friend thing to do it doesn't know how
to do I also hmm I want to write a book
for sure I want to
oh wow this is this is a tough one
there's a lot of people I want to meet
like Katy Perry's Taylor Swift's there's
a lot of people I don't know I think
I've end this year bleach reflect on
what my bucket list is again because I
don't really like checked a lot of
things off so I'm gonna back to you on
that and get back to you on that answer
key dokie more questions Renisha asks do
you like Justin Bieber's new music let's
talk about this my favorite song right
now and I can listen to it 7,000 times
in a row is sorry it doesn't be heard I
think all of his new music is so good
I'll show you I can't love yourself I
can't like his new music is so good I've
always been a JV fan so like I'm in no
way shocked but his new album is amazing
and his new music is amazing and I
cannot get enough I'm sorry specifically
I was so tempted to make like do a dance
cover to story with mangina I was so
tempted I might even still do it but I
am in love in love okay more questions
little cookie ass did you hear iron
gandhi's new song focus what do you
think about yes I did focus on me focus
on me I did the first time I heard Rose
like wow this is different
I grew on me and now when it comes out
I'm like so yeah I Jam to it I dig it I
love me some ariana grande okay
what a coinkidink purpose the movement
is trending JB mm-hmm everybody wasn't
JB
next question
Cara asks how did you feel when you met
Thomas Sanders he is wonderful I don't
know tell my Sanders he makes wonderful
vines he is so great and pleasant and
lovely and just such a good authentic
Unicorn energy and I really appreciated
meeting you is such a sweetheart so that
is my two cents on Thomas Sanders
and even text me like you things did you
find a place and I'm like you're so
sweet I love
Selina most and he says when you pretend
that Lee is talking about you instead of
Selena Gomez that is hilarious
I am favoring that we did then do you
like the Kardashians asks Anita so I
actually got a little bit of an argument
with my friend I have very strong views
about certain things and I'm not at all
scared to express them she's a close
friend of mine so it was like a fight
but we had like a little minor
disagreement because I was on Facebook
and she put up the picture up Kim
Kardashian and I don't know if you
follow came on and turn off my heater
one second I don't know if he followed
him on Instagram or not but she posted
picture like a lace dress I was like
very like sexy and um aren't you
pregnant so she posted picture now you
know I thought it was hot as f and then
their friend goes the picture on
Facebook basically bashing her because
of what she was wearing
um I instantly picked up my phone I
stopped resident picked up my phone and
messaged her like I need to know why you
have such strong negative thoughts in
regards this picture you posted and I
literally like you would think I was Kim
K's mom the way I was so it's not that I
was defensive Kim K but I was defensive
of was slut-shaming I don't appreciate
that I don't appreciate anything that's
like as a feminist I don't appreciate
double standards I don't appreciate a
lot of things I mean like you cannot
judge someone based on what they're
wearing and that should apply to anyone
whether someone is famous or not famous
or anything and I'm just like the fact
that
you believe that because it's Kim
Kardashian that you can post this
picture bashing on her just because
she'll never see it it's not okay
because basically what you're saying is
that hey I don't like what you're
wearing so I'm gonna bash you about it
that basically gives permission to
anyone else do the same thing to women
and/or men and URL so the example I gave
her was so if someone doesn't like what
your mom's wearing should they be able
to post it on their Facebook and bash
the f out of your mom because that's not
cool either so I was just very annoyed
and I get annoyed things like so I
answer your question with the connect
Kardashians there's a lot of views on
the Kardashians and reality stars and
you know it's the same type of stuff
from Miley Cyrus you will never hear me
say anything negative about these people
because I don't need to personal never
met them that's the biggest thing I will
only if I need to judge people judge
them based off me meeting them I will
not listen to any stories or any media
reports or anything because I have
countless times when people tell me
stories well people then I meet some in
real life and they are actually
spectacular so unless you meet someone
in real life you can't really comment on
them I think the Kardashians are
actually really smart I think they've
made a huge business empire off their
lives whether or not you think that's
wrong or right doesn't change the fact
that that is in fact what has happened
so um I don't like people questioning
views on like how Kim K dress and all
the stuff and I'm just like hey you know
what that's her body but you need
whatever she wants it and I know the
opposing viewpoint to that is well she's
not a good role model then and man he's
not a good role model well if you don't
think that good role models then your
kids shouldn't be watching them I know
maybe a lot of people disagree with my
viewpoint but I mean I'm exposed to
Miley I'm exposed to Kim Kardashian I'm
exposed to a lot of things and I don't
do things just because they do them you
know because I was brought up a certain
way and I was parented a certain way I
was in certain situations and I'm not
saying it's all parents fault but I'm
saying it's not all celebrities all
either you cannot blame Kim Kardashian
of mizar any of those people if your
child copies them because that's what
parents and family and friends and a
community is for so um yeah some of that
and I will also add my last statement on
that will be that if your child does
something because Miley Cyrus if your
child goes and jumps on a wrecking ball
naked because Miley Cyrus did it then
you need to definitely do something
because there will be many other greater
influences out there than Miley Cyrus's
wrecking ball that your child needs to
prepare for so
just putting that out there putting that
out there unless my bullseye thinking
about a she's beautiful
I think she's a very very smart
businesswoman and that is my two cents
on the guard actions
I've never ten more minutes so I'm gonna
be very deep answers to a lot of my
things I'm a very deep spiritual mood
today but I'm gonna talk that over last
shout out if you go to my video the link
is in the description my last video is
called in my family was earned direction
I'm working the shutter to someone who
leaves a comment under the video saying
I'm watching a supermoon life or a
suburban life sent me here or something
along that line so go over there leave a
comment I'm gonna let that simmer for a
few minutes
and I'm gonna give someone shout out the
last shutter for the day and it's gonna
be all exciting so let's go back onto
Twitter in the meantime I will eat
popcorn and answer more of your
questions questions
Andrea asks how long have you been
growing your hair is beautiful thank you
so much I've been growing my hair my
whole life uh I do cut my hair like I
trim it and lay out sometimes but I've
never had short hair I've never cut my
hair short so this is my life's work
essentially it's off the camera but this
is my I love it and I'll comment more
about this at the end my are do you know
my final thought is I always have a
final blog to my live streams I know
what mine is but sometimes people make
fun of my hair I'm not gonna lie um
sometimes we use cut your hair the
bottom of you here is not whatever I'll
cut my hair when I wanna cut my hair not
because you're telling me to cut my hair
like a lot of comments or cut your hair
you witch and stuff so it's different a
lot of people like it's my identifying
factor when they see my hair it's
usually the first thing they comment on
or whatever and I've embraced I known
him I guess sometimes my hair will be
solved losers watch them all like this
hair is so messy but I'm like you know
what this is my look this is my raggedy
my long hair look and I'm gonna embrace
it and I'm fine with it so yeah that's
my two cents on that I've got a dab
spiritual mood today what did you learn
about Selena Gomez when you met her asks
Abdullah hmm I know it is I think people
have a
very specific idea of how celebrity
should be usually the average person has
the idea that celebrities are stuck up
or they're totally controlled by their
teams they don't make their own
decisions and I'm here to tell you that
from my experience at least not that I
know everything either my experience I
was in as definitely not the case when I
met Selena I was so taken aback by how
in control she is of her life and her
career she sat there with such
confidence but so down-to-earth we were
literally sharing cheetos together
she was so touchy-feely with me she
didn't make me seem like i was any type
of outcast or and less than her anything
um and she was i specifically remember
because i usually when i do things with
celebrities i have to get everything
approved and that's okay
it's like well there's a picture or
whether it's whatever so i took a bunch
of selfies with her nose like a jew when
i check them to make sure they okay and
her response was girl that's okay you
can post whatever and i was like i was
really taken aback when i cuz she was
very like I don't care I was like wow
you're so confident comfortable you
wines are so in control and it was just
so refreshing and wonderful so the one
thing I saw was Selena and I think has
really really helped me and I'll talk
more about it in my final thought and I
do believe like media say network for
that reason was like not because I look
up turn on a fan but it was actually a
life-changing situation because
constantly I'm referring back to her
energy because it taught me so much and
I don't think I've ever met all of you
have ever met in my life I don't think
anyone has ever made an impression on me
like Dwayne and like Selena I really
like Selena's energy I think about it
constantly know just like she was so
unapologetically herself and comfortable
with who she was and it was just so
inspirational to see so that's what I
learned from Selena tweet her let her
know that superwoman said she's mom um
next question and then I'm gonna go
shadow in about one minute
Golmaal asks how do you manage to get
all your stuff done okay that's a very
good question I do a lot of things in a
day so this is why my life is Connie
Connie cuz I make it that way
you know I have hard time saying no to
things I spent 15 hours shooting that
One Direction video spent seven hours
next day editing it and I write is
just not done the video and another
video I have this thing word that I
thrive in that environment when I wake
under my freak freak freak freak freak
out fifty thousand these dudes know I
can get done I thrive in that
environment I really like that
environment um I just kind of goes back
to like I have great people around me
humble always helps with a lot of stuff
sandy helps with a lot of stuff Jason
owes me up a lotta stuff I have a great
support from it helps me get a lot of
stuff done and I have this way of
thinking which is very what needs to be
done right now so although my to do this
is usually this big I have this
mentality I'm like okay
but today this is this too as much as
you can and the main honestly the main
way I get things done is I sacrifice a
lot of things if I'm really honest with
you um I don't do a lot of leisure
things I work a lot
cuz I love what I do but I will only go
to sleep if I'm exhausted
like when I go to sleep I'm like I have
like one leg bed is like the sweetest
heaven to me I'll not go to sleep before
that I will not just I'm very rarely
like watch TV or do leisure things I'm
just really committed to what I do and
that's how I get stuff done don't mean
to like toot my own horn but that's
honestly what it is I just work really
hard ok let me give a shout out I'm
going to make video if my family was one
direction link is in the description I
am clicking on comments and I am seeing
who left a comment say they came from
ask Superman I and then I'm gonna do my
shout up guys what's up guys what's up
oh there's so many I got it I got the
person wah wah wah this is another name
that I don't know if I'm gonna be able
to pronounce so if your name is Bob I'm
sorry it's not you okay and writing your
name I'm writing your name sorry if you
guys hear noise downstairs it's my my
wonderful nephew is there over and their
kids so they're kind of tearing my house
apart right now and destroying my
hoverboards
alright the person who won this last
shout-out I hope I pronounce this right
I want to say Naomi thank you so much
you said you are spending your Saturday
watching acid from
eating chicken parmesan and veggie
lasagna and you mentioned food so that
caught my attention this is your shout
out
thank you so much if you missed it don't
worry after this is done I will this
will be uploaded on to my channel you
can pause rewind do all that stuff
I am leaving in just a minute now um
thank you so much for joining a
supermoon live TV it is didn't didn't
hear the news tomorrow I'm flying to LA
because Monday is the Hunger Games
premiere follow my vlog channel and
actually tonight I'm also gonna post
behind the scenes of the One Direction
shoot so I don't know a few vlogs behind
I'm like trying to catch up but I'll
post that tonight and you can follow
along on snapchat and on I'm public the
snapchat the whole premiere as well and
in my blog channel to follow me along to
the Hunger Games I'm really excited
thank you so much for spending an hour
on your Saturday wherever you are in the
world I really appreciate it for my
final thought it's gonna be what I keep
referencing so this entire livestream
and that is this I believe everything
happens for spiritual reason and the
reason I met Selina is because she
taught me a valuable lesson and now I am
so blessed to be able to share this
lesson with you I have just recently
this is me being real real real with you
I've recently just been like yo even
though I'm so comfortable with myself
like I make videos all the time that I
talk about my flaws and talk with my
hairy legs and all that stuff and
there's still parts of me if I'm very
honest with myself that I'm sometimes
insecure about and I feel very like I'll
give you a few examples um they're
living with my parents think I'm not
ashamed but sometimes like I avoid
saying it in conversations and that's
because so many times I've said it and
people have reacted like what really and
it's made me feel like okay I'm like not
cool now because like I love my breasts
that's one example another example is um
I'm not like I'm gonna be real with you
and this is like I'm not like the
girliest sexiest person so I've always
felt beliefs to come because I'm very
clearly a tomboy and sometimes I don't
like hanging with girls and like if
they're overly girly and like things
like that like I can I definitely have
that feminine side but sometimes I'm
kind of like yeah you know I'm kind of a
tomboy
I feel insecure about that sometimes and
less like a gang of other things other
reasons in other ways that I feel
insecure about things whether it's my
body or whether it's whatever and then I
think I just the thing I learned the
most from Salinas that she's not like
that and it's just if anything probably
makes her life easier
because she's nice probably a very hard
lesson to learn but because of that her
less probably easier and so recently
I've been trying to do that just
unapologetically being myself because if
you think about it who's to say if it's
right or wrong or cool or not cool to
live with your parents in you're 27 like
where did that put this rule in my brain
I'm just different from you maybe we
have different paths and maybe it's
totally okay if I wear boys jeans and
I'm not as stunning as you and I'm not a
sexy and I don't know a lot about that
world and I'm like awkward about that
stuff and like when I see sex scenes I
like cringe because I get awkward and
stuff like so who cares like who said
that you have to be that way you're fine
the way you are and so recently I've
been really trying to practice then
thinking why just openly admit like this
is who I am and this is I'm okay with
that
and I think how you treat it really
makes a difference if you don't act and
secure and awkward about it then that's
what everyone else things like I have
just started to really not care about
that stuff and now I'm just like yeah oh
I am and I'm totally okay with it and
I've gotten a lot happier like I'm a lot
happier I was already happy before but
now I'm saying well life is so much
easier like that really really easy and
I'm just don't need to pretend about
certain things and it's fine
so why missed you'd be like embrace all
of your flaws because we all have them a
no matter how confident you are you
probably have some things you feel
insecure about and flow and you feel
flawed about and dude really sit down
think about like who made that rule up
that it has to be that way you know like
just if you don't care and you like the
way you are f it laugh care so I'll at
home and I'm 27 and I'm not the sexiest
person I don't know about sexy things
and um and that's why I'm yeah I love
love handles it's cool oh that is my
final thought for the day embrace who
you are because f it well I've cared
just be happy do your thing and either
way I promise I love you mwah thank you
so much for joining me on ask simple in
live this happens on the 14
every single month I make sure you phone
me on snapchat on my vlog channel as I
will be heading to LA tomorrow and I'm
moving on December 1st so the whole
bunch of things to follow along on and
yeah I'll be happy wherever you are let
me send you loads of positive vibes and
tell maximum one love superwoman that is
a wrap and be yourself
everybody that's taken
