where in the world is superwoman today a
Ottawa what about going to jor-el
superwoman and that's where I am in
Ottawa so I figured for this video I'm
going to accurately translate all of my
jokes in French Bonjour julep and Lily
gem Ottawa Moulin Rouge I'm really good
at French but I'm really bad at
relationships
in fact I'm involve are saying I am the
worst girlfriend that anyone could ever
have with wait you hear that we're sure
oh yeah that's the sound of all my exes
clicking the thumbs up City TV I know my
strengths and weaknesses okay and I'm a
terrible girlfriend for the following
reasons number one anniversaries I don't
like that ish okay let me rephrase
one-year anniversary's are acceptable I
mean you've been together for a full
year and no one has died yet that is an
accomplishment if you've been together
for one year that means you've been
through a Christmas a Halloween
Valentine's Day a birthday three new
iPhone releases that is an achievement
so I don't mind that when I'm dating
someone if they have the audacity they
come up to me and be like happy
one-month anniversary straight up a map
start popping them out of pictures duh
you mean happy one-month anniversary
what the hell is there a celebrate we've
spent for Friday's together okay
I've spent for Friday's we go back up
black because I listen to her song once
okay talking about one month anniversary
Jessica said that bond will be a form of
buying me a car like for what from where
are you buying your car because we've
been here about 30 days good 30 days of
awkwardly kissing holding hands and
still pretending like we offer I've been
with you for as long as I've been with
my Netflix trial right okay and I can
fire for a Netflix so what really are we
celebrating oh oh man we should check
out the garbage yeah smells horrible
over here oh really what the f is that
car gonna say congrats on June call me a
romantic where one month anniversary is
ridiculous if you expect me to buy you a
gift every month you have another thing
coming okay sorry I'm with your one
bloody annoying thing a month I don't
need another sacre bleu champignons
number two independence let me just
write down for you okay
I'm too independent to be dependent on
you okay here's the thing
I know people know relationships love
the feeling of knowing my partner can
depend on me it feels great but here's
the thing let me just tell you what's up
okay I don't want to because I would
rather depend on me then depend on you
because sometimes when I'm sad I just
want to do with it by myself but when
you're in a relationship people I get
offended if you don't let them be there
for you but this is situation okay when
I have a real problem chances are you're
gonna try to fix it with some romantic
BS like a tumbler pull band-aid some
stupid call let me just tell you to the
eye and the girl that hates stupid
sweet quotes because usually they're
totally irrelevant in real-life
situations I'm gonna just be sitting
there like my dog died and you won't be
like dance like no one is watching
my boss is being such a douchebag be the
change you want to see in the world I'm
really scared of heights and I just
freaking hate Star Wars baby big like oh
she should for the moon and if you miss
you'll be amongst the stars shut the F
up and listen to what I'm actually
saying and I might be like the only girl
on the planet that ever said this but I
dislike getting flowers when I'm upset
because flowers don't solve problems
okay all flowers do is now require me to
find a goddamn J then you know if this
is one of those things that you see
every day except for the day you need
one
not to mention like all this damn
plastic wrap you know I'm talking about
my baby showers come in so much plastic
out what you need this buy plastic wrap
organ there's four stems in here and I
got all this plastic wrap is ridiculous
you can make a clone a Regina George
with all this damn plastic wrap not to
mention I just took my garbage well now
I'm going to take this plastic wrap put
it in the garden my garbage is full
again you just create more problems for
me oh and also flowers don't bring back
my dead dog
can I be real with you okay when I'm sad
all I want to do is be alone in Google
some ecard memes okay if you can't
handle the fact that a witty phrase
paired with a completely generic
unrelated or relevant cartoon drawing
make me
happy the Newton I'm sorry but it's true
and I don't mean to sound harsh but I
don't need you like I like you I might
even love I might even love you
okay but I don't need you and I don't
want you to absolutely need me okay
because people are just extras you
shouldn't need them to function I'm your
girlfriend not your respiratory system
okay
remember grade 12 anatomy okay I was not
part of that diagram and this is why I
would also be a terrible Disney Princess
because I language is struggling like I
can show you the world then I'll be my
lip and jabbing over here like boy I can
show myself the world okay don't be
flying all up in here on your magic
carpet full of testosterone acting like
I don't collect air miles okay okay
don't be acting like I can't go over to
a singles and buy a globe for myself I
can see the world if I want to see the
world
Junie SEPA will Ubu coucher avec Kapoor
number three emotions I don't like them
I'll give you no let me explain I'm the
type of person who has a very low
tolerance for unproductive situations
okay it is a problem my instinct is to
problem-solve with logic not to discuss
over and over and over again emotion
that don't solve problems and sometimes
in relationship this can be problematic
because in a relationship people want
their emotions to be catered to okay
people want I think flamie know for
their emotions if you tell me that
you'll like what I said in front of your
friends my response will be very simple
I'm sorry
oh say that in front your friends again
done boom problem solved but then if
you're all like no but do you understand
like why I'm saying that
I might be like you know what kind of
not really like I guess but I'm telling
you I won't say it again so I proms off
but then if you was all like no but do
you understand my you know the tone in
which I'm staying I'll be like bro what
the f are you talking about Kate is not
humanly possible for me to understand
all the emotions I'm telling you I will
accommodate okay and the problem is
solved I won't say it again is the basic
problem solving ten times two equals
twenty done but if you saw me often
you're like oh people we have you think
the two feels when you carry it I'll be
like fu and to be honest yeah you know I
imagine it would be hard to feel the
weight of two on just a one stick top
problem solving and fact if I'm all up
and you're like yo the mitochondria is
the powerhouse of the cell and use over
there like yeah but can you imagine the
pressures that the mitochondria feels as
a result I'm I just have to say less
emotions more kissing my neck ferme le
bouche
j'adore little number four obligations
okay Alma just be super crystal clear
right now okay I'm the worst girlfriend
because all those little rituals and
obligations you graduate good morning
tax
good night text I cannot
Oh
if you get mad at me because I fell
asleep and then send you a goodnight
text okay we are not a couple
okay we are signing these twins because
that means you could not function
without me you know that ish that
couples do that think is so cute like
staying up late until 8:45 in the
morning on the phone talking about okay
nah I do not think that it is true you
know why because tomorrow I got ish to
do and you know it's not gonna be cute
when I wake up with bags under my eyes
yours not gonna be cute when I have to
go to the airport tomorrow chat to fly
and I get charged for two extra bags
just sweet
creme brulee in conclusion if you've
ever watched my videos and been like yo
I want to date her well now you know
that's a bad idea instead what you
should do you should just give this
video a thumbs up and comment below and
that should be the extent of our
relationship because I'm the worst
girlfriend ever you like that sigh
greater hair size like that huh that's a
great up hope you enjoyed this video you
can check out my last video right there
it is called types of flirting you can
check out my second vlog channel right
there if you're on your phone
annotations don't work I'll put all
those links in the description also make
sure you subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap and take
a bone wash come on boy shake it more
MORE
