no no it's okay don't worry I'm sure I
can put on my sweater after I do my
makeup I'm sure she says what everyone's
a girl superwoman and I'm not good at a
lot of things math remembering things
safely removing a USB paying parking
tickets math remembering things but
there is one thing I'm good at and
that's flirting obviously I mean can't
you tell by all the boyfriends I have
look look at all the boyfriends I have
JK
no I'm just kidding there's no boys in
my life there's no boys my life is like
the cast of bridesmaids okay he's just
crazy single ladies and in that one home
I thought it was okay to get married but
either way I do know the different types
of flirt himself here we go number one
he flirting now this is the most common
type of flirting in today's day and age
because it happens to social media like
why walk to a person and speak to them
when you could just like their status
commenting on pictures tweeting one
another using emoji that's real
no one says you're beautiful anymore
she's like yo honey what up t-shirt
reference sweater
what rolled up into a t-shirt reference
ID and most commonly liking each other's
Instagram pictures somehow liking
someone's picture on instagram has
become equivalent to walking up to them
at a social event and starting in
conversation I have high hopes for our
generation and although if learning is
great because you can like do it in your
pajamas oh yeah you also got to play it
cool because there is an equation that
goes into this number of likes divided
by the number of minutes between each
leg equals the number of strokes I want
to
one like okay like whatever that
could've been a mistake two likes okay
me do you think I'm cute three likes
oh my god he's totally gonna break up
with his girlfriend for me four likes I
need to buy a new dress for our
hypothetical day five likes what will
our children look like six likes okay
this guy's a creep seven likes I'm
calling the cops
a likes I'm being attacked by Chucky
this is not a drill you ever look at
your phone you're like what is this new
wallpaper I have it's actually just
notification from someone liking all of
your pictures they're like super weird
it out but at the same time you like
screenshot in case that one day in the
future you don't feel pretty and then
you will get back to like shakaama ish
yeah how album at number two Tachi
flirting now this is what a person just
uses any excuse to touch you within a
conversation hey how are you touch your
shoulder oh my god that's so funny you
hit in your leg I'm so sorry
touching your hand but what they really
mean is you're so hot we should probably
be together please notice how hot I look
in these heels because I'm literally
losing a toe for you I shaved my legs
just in case it's all about body
language now this is especially true
when you're sitting let me but my break
it down for you the science of how a
girl sits next to someone she likes
let's say you're in a movie theater okay
he knows you and a whole squad okay but
you won't know if the chicks thing next
to actually likes you so let me tell you
what's up a girl never sits in a seat
like this okay not what the answer
should Abraham Lincoln nah she always
shifts her weight to one side you got to
pay attention to which son because if
she shifts her your side okay you know
diamonds let me she warmed a booty okay
but if she's all up over there on that
armrest in epping Narnia okay shifting
to the other side even she'll wanna know
boom okay no booty is to be had if she
shifting her way to the other side you
might voters plot your iPhone start
playing a girl just like Hello from the
body language okay it's the most
universal language
after the McDonald sign number three
stupid flirting this is also a very
common form of flirting and is most
iconically recognized from Mean Girls
when Lindsay Lohan opted to be in front
of her for some help with math because
you pretend she sucks at math yeah most
people that are great at flirting
pretend they suck at math so if you like
someone you start asking them questions
you're
know the answer to or you agree with
what they're saying even though you
might disagree or they might just be
playing wrong yeah okay yeah that's
correct yeah l ily yeah yeah one else
fine I mean I mean I actually spell it a
ly ly with two L's by me to be honest
kind of just like personal preference
you know you just throw that L away as
long as you give me the D jk jk that was
a bet that was a bad joke
honestly in real life I'm actually
really awkward and like asexual so that
that job if anything was really just me
dealing with societal pressures no like
for real like I can't even go bra
shopping without blushing with Mike okay
another form of this type of learning is
overdoing all of your reactions and
responses so laughing really loud poo
jokes are seem really touched by just
very basic polite gestures oh my god
look I'm sorry I just just really
touched by how I sneezed and you said
bless you because it shows you not only
care about me what about poverty in the
environment number four drunk tax ban I
said drunk texting I'm at a safe third
ago am I drunk right now
number four drunk firing there we go
nailed it
now this is the most straightforward
form of flirting because usually when
you're drunk that little filter you have
between your thoughts and your mouth
disappears straight up Valencia is at
the back of a milk carton missing
because no filter
you just get straight to the point yo yo
you want to do me cuz I want to be
usually like really cute more stuff you
like me Q what I'm not even saying that
because I'm drunk I'm saying it because
I'm saying to them not even drunk no I
like you listen no this is not the vodka
talking okay this is mmm with vodka
inside slip with your deal if you're not
taking me like hook up and if you are
getting if you like try new things
no I'm not drunk you know I'm chunky
okay and you should work at Starbucks
okay you know I know it
I like you a lot and to be honest this
is the best type of flirting because
it's honest and should things actually
pop off of that person they've already
seen you at your worst okay and they
accept you for who you are
a drunken mess and that's okay this is
got it's got real deep ah
number five ovary kale now this is the
double flirting that just straight up
goes overboard either because it's so
intense or the person just flirts with
everything and everyone oh you're really
gonna charge me for parking oh yeah I'll
insert my ticket all right
Oh what do you mean you on my credit
card you're so funny
yo yo Jessica why are you talking to the
parking meter this is the person that
will flirt with their date flirt with
the waiter that is serving their date
flirt with the valet guys flirt what the
top will do over they will flirt with
everyone and play everyone they are
literally the VLC media player of humans
and they have no concept of the right
time in place I'm really sorry about
your grandfather yeah let me know if you
want to go out anytime okay hey why
don't you give me a call after your wife
is done during birth stop it
yo come alone let me know what type of
flirt you are and if you are a type of
flirt that I didn't mention you need to
comment below and educate me and
everybody else here with job game okay
if you like this video also get a big
thumbs up you can check out my last
video right there it's called when your
BFF is in a relationship you can also
check out my vlogs right there my second
channel we have first of all we get a
million subscribers though on that
channel also we just completed 365 days
all balls that's one year full of vlogs
are really super exciting I'm gonna
throw a montage of that in a second also
if you like my videos in like my channel
make sure you subscribe to this channel
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday one love superwoman that is
a wrap and to the Wong montage and if
you like it go to that channel and that
plum though welcome to my daily vlog I
decided to do daily vlogs after my trip
I'm hungry and I'm sleepy and I don't
know
do the last day on set on behalf of
humble and I love winter know when thank
you so much for supporting you laughs
I'm literally over prepared for
everything in life except this moment
cuz I really don't think I'm going oh my
god I am NOT not about this right now so
no not like a month ago I made a promo
and Photoshop myself in front of it and
now here we are is the best ever 4
million subscribers I see you mama what
people really mean is funny look forward
to it
so I woke up wearing the shirt you are
my rock my plane my Johnson and I was
like what up t-shirt reference I am in
fact her Johnson Dwayne I'm a rock
