oh my god what's wrong nothing is wrong
you said you need to talk are you okay
I'm fine I just have news what news
which news why does it which homeboy
does Matt don't forget don't forget on
the column dad I'm not going to freak
out to tell me promise you won't freak
out stop
look at me I'm chill AF I'm dating Josh
obviously do you know how lucky you are
do you know I just don't want to lose
you don't be dumb if you ever hurt her I
will kill you but you still love me the
most right oh wait wait you know monsoon
I'm like really happy Colleen is dating
you look I'm really good guy man you
can't forget about me I won't let me get
my come over to even look at another
girl active and effort with your sister
Oh destroy you I'm still your soulmate
right of course
my god what are we watching them oh no
everything Shh
I'm just really happy she found you Shh
I'm talking I'm just you're great you
know you're great
okay listen I didn't want to bring this
up as a little bit awkward and I know I
get it like a little bit of a third
wheel situation going on do you need to
leave me sorry go ahead
have you seen this part yet it's so good
I know it is about us I love her baby my
favorite person ever must all promise
obviously at this guy who do you think
you are yep this is my daughter don't
worry he knows his place seriously babe
it means so much that you took time out
of your schedule just to be with me
guys we are so cute yes oh my god baby I
got a plus-one to this event
that's awesome babe I can't my god what
are we going to wear I am so excited
little plans for our I don't know what
I'd do without you
gross
stop okay I love you too babe you're so
beautiful you're my forever sunshine oh
that's so cute I saw you today is like
the first my forever moonship I like
there yeah it's like alcohol but also
some moon right take my two favorite
thing it's like like yin and yang it's
the arms but they belong together
oh he's doing that video thank you so
much for being on my channel month
they're so wonderful they have awesome
channel so make sure you check out the
links in the description to see josh's
and call these channels because they're
awesome sauce if you liked this video
make sure you leave a thumbs up you
should comment below you can check out
my last video right there emails check
my blogs right there all business up in
the description I love that make sure
you subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday I'm going to
never complicated up too young yes yeah
right one love superwoman soup on which
I see never do that is a wrap
Thanks Yogesh you mind of real girls
so manly that was your everyday in your
sight
well why is happening
