where in the world is superwoman today a
Trinidad and Tobago okay just kidding
I'm actually in LA but I wasn't trying
to bagel few days ago I just didn't get
a chance to shoot you thing but I've
been waiting so long to say that so just
allow it
whatever wanted to girl to a woman and
it has been forever and a half since
I've uploaded a new video basically what
happened was I have bought all of
whether you filed all my laptop at home
in Tron some sitting on trinidad-tobago
thinking damn I'll need these files to
release my videos so I came up with a
genius idea to ask my parents to send me
the file I am so smart s and Marty but
that didn't go so well observe you know
when that hotline bling that can only
mean one thing ever since I left the
village you do know exactly what you
asked for looking for something that I
never seen before you used to call me on
my mobile why it was it like this and
you look you have I want to make
people's like this because this is how
they do great music for you I feel like
I do to fold in yellow red plus head
see 49 million this is doing like hello
hello mom I need your help mommy not
home mom please
but you want can you send me files from
my laptop huh mmm hey what'd she think
she got a smile from a bad cough what
hey how many miles from Bangkok huh what
did you track should we file it from
laptop okay I see why she will say like
this dump it okay open my laptop okay
say faster okay it's zero nine two six
one nine eight eight big rig whose phone
number this is it's a boy's phone number
it's my birthday
wait my name is working okay okay now
listen carefully at the bottom of the
screen you'll see small little icons
okay find the one that looks like a
movie scene like what a director would
use it's very colorful it's called final
cut okay I don't know no it's called
final cut
okay Google Google drawn no it's called
final cut okay find it find it uh
FaceTime right final cut
okay we'll walk again I see this one
okay a final cut final cut okay
it's like Lizzy clapping director one
whoo yes yes good click that one click
or double team it doesn't matter okay I
click it twice okay great listen a
project is going to open I need you to
export that and send me that file
what what's uni next
I'm not paying any better shipping fee
okay please ignore everything dad is
saying right now endure when you're
getting morning for 30 years
okay go to file it's at the top
left-hand corner of screen fire now go
to share and save that file is how girls
react yeah ed yeah oh yes the blue gee I
don't know
yes I are L girl v Adi a capella no see
P okay okay okay now click Save
okay cliff you wanted everything it
doesn't matter okay okay it's saving
okay now click the Photoshop icon it's
gonna at the bottom of the screen you
should have a PS yeah I'm not doing any
shopping online okay come on that's
right that's right you know how many
people break up just click get it first
they steal your credit card okay then
they see the passport and then they put
another bloody goo poo album on my
iPhone
No okay you'll forget it forget it no
just open a new window on Google Chrome
I'm on a nobody Google Chrome remember
the one you saw before
ha-hi not God no the other colour one
I'll be okay okay I need know Google
Chrome oh okay I get this one it's a
Google okay good yes now in the address
bar type gmail.com okay geez e é mm é
and
okay no no the letter g ma IL comm video
riffey he's using gangster me hey what
can I stop it okay listen my inbox
should already be open
really there's my limited things you go
to send ten people you're going to die
you see you see I'd ready Russia part of
gangster group more focus focus
I need your click compose okay wanna
click or cooking it does it better huh
okay you'll see a paperclip icon on the
bottom click that and now attach the
file just saved ok bit but again woman
you to stay for a lot of paper clip okay
paper click on photo
I don't want thanks to shoot us because
paper out of water looking you move they
shoot people these kind of things right
okay now find that file on the desktop
Hey firstly but if they save on computer
now she's a not about that let me go
check okay I see it
and now click attach one cycle to it
doesn't okay I'm gonna do okay great now
put my email address where it says send
to its Lily saying at gmail.com L I and
Li si NADH 80 what no mama no it's Lilly
Singh at sign gmail doggone oh sorry
sorry okay okay wait L I ll y si ng edge
of 80s i DN not look the axe symbol oh
okay okay number two shifter yes okay
baby ready you want to add a closed
caption what it says CC here oh god no
just click send one gate god once once
just click it once
- ok now find the Apple where top left
of the screen no you don't have anymore
applet and click logout check it out
no no just click logout I hope this mega
log out hold over I never said the move
at all that's ok ok don't blame me to
get into it it's fine ok thankfully
today I want to stop using this gangster
me ok I am ready ok mom I'll use hotmail
hey she say is she going to use a
hotmail what I getting over talking to
boys hat it's true though you know all
hot males do only exist online just
getting it just taken or gay or both or
just like my inability to change up
track pants and ever I don't like
whatever the point is I am back to
regular uploads and I really appreciate
your patience during my technical
struggles comment let me know if you've
ever experienced anything so much of
this video with your parents because
this is genuinely based on the true
story if you like this video give it a
big thumbs up you can check out my last
video right there is a collaboration
thumb one and only Selena Gomez so make
sure you check that out my blogs are
right there here less than 5 K sub the
way from getting 1 million subscribers
for more subscribe to that channel um
all the ways for all that is in the
description just in case the annotations
don't work on your phone other than that
you can click subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday I
would like for you to begin one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
