ha ha ha that's a good start what
everyone is your girl
still growing welcome to ask soup cool
and live welcome to my messy room we're
gonna have an awesome time as usual let
me know if you can hear me and see me oh
I got something playing here that's
interrupting everything I do I do
YouTube ok
amazing yes I purposely intro like
doesn't even see my cool pants and shoes
because I changed my clothes not my
shirt I change my clothes and I'm really
really happy about it so comment below
let me know I'm so cool no grill I'm
gonna be a four-hour time an hour and a
half an hour because I am a hectic day
but before I get into it let me know if
you can hear me and see me or I guess I
could just check myself hold on yo grill
to movies ok yes you can hear me and see
me um I'm here for an hour I would
usually do for an hour and a half but I
got a bazillion things to do because I'm
going to Trinidad tomorrow morning
tomorrow
I usually also don't wear shoes in the
house but I'm just feeling myself today
I'm feeling myself I'm happy to do this
I'm happy to be here
because you guys don't understand I say
this every time but I don't think you
actually understand my day from
beginning to end is crazy every day I
have so many meetings so many calls so
many times gotta be professional
so we time I got all that ish but asks
my hair tie just fell out watch but oh
why did I think I could do that but ask
super alive is that time where I get to
be like yo put my phone on Do Not
Disturb
press Hilton just tweeted me what's
happening but this is the time that I
get to say your f off f off no calls no
meetings because
our I'm spending with my people my fam
team super I had no energy before I
started this I clicked broadcast now
Mike I'm ready to go I'm ready to go man
answer questions the first time you're
ever watching aspects of Roman life
basically it's an hour for us to just
chill together answer your questions
time of my life ask you about your life
I thought like some updates I need to
give you and stuff and it's just me
being myself
there's no filters here you see my messy
room you see all this burn on my neck
you see all the same shirt I wear every
day we're just gonna chill up and have a
good time
are you about it also my heaters on cuz
I'm feeling a bit under the weather and
I'm feeling a bit cold so I'm sorry if
you hear that in the corner that's what
that is so yeah if you want to get
involved in conversation all I gotta do
is tweet me at iisuperwomanii
use a hashtag ask Superman live which is
the title of this bonus points if you
use the capitals in the same way I use
them oh yeah so go ahead and start
tweeting me some questions and I'm
giving you some posture I gave you some
updates like I'm so excited I keep
speaking quickly water hmm alrighty
oh so let's make this party a big party
let's make it a big sexy party tweet
people let them know yo what are you
doing if you're like yo I'm using
something it's like your mom my aunt's
house or feel like yo I'm doing homework
you like stop stop do you not know
there's a party on unicorn Island right
now is superwoman you not know that Doug
let's get it okay here we go well then
here we go here we go here we go here we
go here go okay rule number one I'm a
Superman I don't show your bra strap
well number two you know I love you a
little go look at me looking at you guys
let me you know I love you I love you so
much I read all of your tweets I read as
many as I can at least all the comments
I asked Superman live is not about
asking me for a favorite or retweet or
follow or any of the things you know why
because we're family
we're family so instead I want you to
ask a question cuz I want to answer your
questions and I'll retweet in favor as
many as I can but don't want your
question I'm trying to get a follow for
me I'm just a normal person you have
much bigger aspirations than that okay
so ask me some questions
get it done yes okay here we go
I did the card num asks how do you stay
so chilled how not chilled I honestly I
think there's a misconception
okay well wait let me address true for
truthfully there's a misconception that
I'm always happy I am a happy person I
like to be happy and positive but I'm
not always happy
I guess sad sometimes I cry sometimes I
just actively make the choice to fight
to be happy and positive but in terms of
being chill I am a pretty laid-back
person I know some of my friends might
laugh at that I'm especially like my
management or people having meetings
with when it comes my business I'm not
very chilled I'm very like this is what
I need this is what I want recipe but
when it comes to cut everyday setting I
am pretty sure the guy ever very like I
don't judge people I don't think too
much about things sometimes I kind just
like yo let's just be happy so I think
it's like a lesson I've learned very
hard in life it's just how I choose it's
an active decision I make it's not why
I'm naturally and it's half that but
also half a decision I actively make
because I want to be like that you know
I want to enjoy life there's like two
thousand of you watching right now we're
gonna have the best time ever
I'll answer a few questions then I'll
give you some updates and I'm just gonna
stop saying what I'm gonna do in just do
it it's a similar and asks do you get
nervous breakdown before you have a
supermoon live yes so not nervous
breakdowns but I don't think I've ever
truthfully been prepared for like an ask
Superman live front a long time it's
always like oh there's two minutes left
let me do this is this because I'm
always trying to need to anything that
was but um I will say that I learned
that YouTube gave me this tutorial on
how to make really cool livestream so as
soon as I have time to like sit down and
properly play with it figure it out my
live streams are gonna be stepped up way
up it's probably gonna be a friend move
once I settle in and stuff I have some
really good ideas for example how would
you feel if I did a live parents react
uh-huh
pretty cool for so I'm working on things
like that next question is what are
three emojis you asked the most asked
sorry I'm team super Mumbai um three
motions that I as I mentioned my
sweetener Gomez cloud I use the poop
emoji a lot I use this emoji a lot and
I'll use them
the monkeys a lot because I usually like
say something that I'm like I'm sorry
please read that the way I intended so
yeah um keep tweeting use the hashtag
asked superwoman live have you ever
eaten a crayon or GU asked Mohammed I've
never eaten crayon Glavin glue I don't
think so I would have mattified I mean
some strange things I think but not glue
or a crayon but now I'm thinking like
why not why have I not what a crayon
anyway okay let me tell you real quickly
about what's going on in my life there's
a lot of exciting things going on first
and foremost I don't know if you know
this or not like I don't know if you
missed the memo maybe maybe I don't
really know but like you did you know
that I did a cloud was gonna go best I
did a collab with Selena Gomez huge
bucket list item if you haven't watched
it the link is in the description um I'm
gonna do a whole bunch of contests and
give you guys shout outs for people who
share the video but I'll tell you about
a little bit later it was one of the
best experiences of my life because
she's so wonderful and so feel free to
ask me any questions about that I'll
tell you a little bit about the
experience I can tell you better right
now before I answer your questions so
everyone is asking you how did you have
this collaboration come about I'm a big
believer in creating your own
opportunities knowing what you want
creating opportunities if you look right
here lately that is my vision board pick
cynical messes on there the rock is on
there all these people are on there and
so I very clear idea of what my goals
are not that's to say that those are
just my goals but things I would like to
accomplish and I knew I did a couple
things first of all I made that video
with grace about Taylor Swift and Sina
Gomez and that was a genuine like I
really like that idea but I was like yo
I wanted to be known that I'm a fan of
Selena like I want to publicly say in
this main channel video I'm a fan of
Selena so that's the first thing I did
the second thing I did is I identified
the fact that she has an album coming up
and I was like okay she has an album
coming out she'll probably you know her
team will probably be
more likely to agree to this idea
because I'm a genuine fan i genuinely
want to support her album so then I told
my imagine like hey seen his albums
coming out on the 9th please reach out
to her team and say that introduce her
to Who I am and say I'm a genuine fan
and I would love nothing more than to
help support her album and meet her and
have that opportunity to shoot a video
with her so I did that I had to pitch a
few scripts like I said I wanted to skit
with her that didn't get approved but
it's not a big deal I don't she had a
lot to do so they approved it and I went
to go I went to her rehearsal where she
was immersing for Allen and she took her
time out and did the challenge with me
and I spent the whole day before that
try and find a gift fir that I couldn't
decide about her pickles and she knows
because I guys talked her so hard and
that's all I could discover she like so
um it was wonderful she was so wonderful
and I'm not even just saying not like
I'm really happy and I've said this time
and time again that the two people I've
gained a lot of inspiration from doing
Johnson and Selena Gomez people have
always said to me don't be careful
meeting people you look up to because
they might not be who you expect them to
be and I am now so happy that I can say
no if you both the people I look up to
are actually wonderful human beings and
I'll never forget that I was like
sitting in the room like prepping all
the center's where's Lilly and I was
like and I turned and you know so fun
he's like I was really nervous I'm going
all over the place sorry
one of my greatest skills and life is
being really nervous but pretending not
to be nervous so I was super never
supposed to saw her I was like hey how
are you and like I have this really good
poker face I'm like oh no I'm being cool
it's mostly because I make jokes like
that like as soon as I saw her I was
like oh I'm trying really hard to be
cool but I'm really freaking out so I'm
like really honest and open about us I
guess maybe that's what helps me kind of
do either way before I met her I was
like oh my god I made a hug her and
shake her hand which I think I'm gonna
hug her I hope she doesn't find that
weird and I was like overthinking the F
out of it and as soon as she walked to
him she was like Lilly to give you what
we had like four times before how a card
like hog and I was like it's such a
pleasure to meet you we like hug began
it was like it was literally like
feeling like I was reuniting with a
friend that's the great thing it's like
I really felt like for that hour I was
just with a friend
and we were hanging and she was so chill
she was so grounded she made me feel she
just kept like touching my shoulder and
she made me feel so like I wasn't any
less than her and she's just a great
energy and it's so strange all this
similarity I'm gonna shut up once in
second but all the similarities we had
um are just so strange because I
remember our song - the video - okay his
energy so great I'm really about
people's energy she's like oh my god me
too I'm so about people's energy notes
like we are so similar when I mostly
played twins but yeah that's my service
Lena Gomez she's wonderful
I bought her album obviously before I
met her it's great if you have not
bought it yet and I want you to know I'm
not there's no paycheck coming to me
there's nothing I could care less like
Selena Gomez could never talk to me
again and I'll still support her albums
her album is genuinely great and her
songs amazing her vocals were very
impressive to me so I'm there shut up
about that now if you haven't watched
it's in description it's only bit of
dana has over a million views so clearly
you all liked it as well which I'm
really glad to hear but aside from
obviously - Gomez madness um I am going
to tomorrow morning another bucket list
item I'm going to Trinidad for my show
that I'm taking to try it out that's
happened on the 17th we're going
tomorrow I am very excited and very
nervous at the same time because you
know when you build something up so much
in your brain it's like naturally
nervous about it so I'm nervous about my
stamina because I haven't performed the
show in like two months
I'm nervous about remembering all my
stand up because again and before the
show in like two months I'm nervous
about getting everything everything done
in time I'm adding a ten minute segment
into the music set now when you think of
ten minutes you might think ten minutes
isn't that long but ten minutes of a
choreo and stage time is equal to like
an hour of normal life so it is very
very difficult I'm really shooting for
the stars here and if you know anything
about me you see these sleeves I've got
a few tricks up them but I might have
some surprises at the Trinidad show but
you just have to wait and see but I'm
very excited for that my first time ever
going to turn that and it's gonna be um
some mmm some excitement and I've been
told something like 4500 tickets have
been sold which is double my biggest
show during the tour so I'm
very excited and it's gonna cool there's
like 2,800 of you watching and I'm
rambling on
thank you so much for joining me this
your first time this is a superwoman
life happens on the 14th of every month
when I spent an hour or an hour and a
half today will be an hour answered
questions tell you about my life telling
you stories and drinking YouTube's water
mmm
this water actually is really good it's
not from YouTube it's from my tap but
the point is it tastes really good let's
jump back onto Twitter um I do a few
more updates to give you and of course I
got shoutouts to give you I'll tell you
how to win the first shout out in like
two minutes
first time answer some more of your
questions let's do it okay favorite
Beyonce song asks Maria I think is how
you say it I hope I said that right
favorite beyond this town whoo that's a
toughy I really like upgrade you I think
it's awesome but let me upgrade it then
I like upgrade you melee is asking what
are you gonna be for Halloween this year
okay how are those people that could
literally like go trick-or-treating my
entire life I could be like 40 years old
and still want to go trick-or-treating
but I don't know what I want to be I
have no idea what do why don't you
comment like tweet me comment let me
know what you want me to dress up as and
Laster I said I was interested as
Miranda I just done that in so many
videos already so I don't really know
but um oh I know what I'm gonna dress up
as okay I'm totally gonna dress up as
Khaleesi from Game of Thrones that is a
great idea that is what I'm doing last
year I was um what was I last year now I
think about you every fire was Sindel
from Mortal Kombat her but I don't dress
up blaster what I am in here
oh you know what last I was in LA and I
justifies one of the people from um um
the purge yeah okay true true true next
question by the way Blue Jays Blue Jays
more power to you um okay you know
I'm feeling weird Victoria said hope you
realize how proud team super is of you
we're all happy for all of you because
all your dreams are coming true it is
very sweet of you that's not even a
question that's just a really cute
statement thank you so much that's very
sweet you all tweet me some really sweet
things by the way and it really helps me
and to keep going and I really
appreciate that thank you okay Gabby
asks what's your favorite song from my
Bible besides killing with kindness and
why love from Mexico sending love
straight back to Mexico
yes killing with kindness is my favorite
song um I love the melody I love the
whistle and hearing singer talk about
her firsthand I also think really played
a role in me liking it a lot another
song I really like good for you is my
jam we just no good for you doesn't
count as conversation because it was
released as single good for you I don't
think there's a song that's ever made me
feel sexier than good for you like when
I wasn't that song I'm like I want you
know I scratch my head really hard right
now and I'm trying to play it off but it
really hurts besides that I really like
survive oh actually can't keep my hands
to myself I like that I like survivor
and I really camouflage my favorite line
from the whole album I win which I think
her vocals are like stunning is in
camouflage when she says um but I have
to catch my eye it sounds nothing like
that you um sounds better but I think
her voice sounds spectacular at that
line okay next question
oh no I have to poop and I just started
s to pull my knight damn it there's 3000
of you watching right now thank you so
much for joining 9 about one minute
number to tell you how to win the first
shout out amariah asks what's your
reaction when you hear about members of
team super meeting for the first time
okay if I can tell you my favorite my
favorite facet of unicorn island and to
super 8 is that right there my favorite
videos to watch and tweets to stalk and
I stalk you out a while you should know
that my favorite things to see our when
you all meet each other I love
that that is my favorite part of
everything I do it is just so cool when
it's like it's not even about me it's
just about you all meeting that makes me
really happy I appreciate that
okay let me tell you how to win this
first shout out you should be tweeting
using and not you sure by me if you want
you can be tweeting using the hashtag
ask superwoman alive I'm going to pick
someone
well maybe I'll set for the second shut
up keep tweeting using the hashtag ask
Superman I'll pick one of you and give
you a shout out but for the first shout
ups I'm gonna hand over to my facebook
oh my god you're I just realize I'm such
an idiot
I didn't even post this on Facebook oh
oh my god I am such a fail I'm so sorry
any ones I can ask Superman live
happening right now wow I'm gonna get
bad on my facebook so I won't post the
video on my Facebook right away so first
I will do the Twitter shadow so just use
the hashtag ask Superman live tweet me
something cute and I'll pick someone and
I will give you a shout-out that's the
first one send me on Twitter you doing
doing ok cool sweet memory I remember
cool all right I don't keep answering
your questions in the meantime you see
my burns here I'm like so not savvy with
a curling iron
also my neck is hurting because I did a
whole lot of whipping of my hair in
dance practice and now just every this
roots and this hurts and I feel like the
only reason for this and this hurting
would be a lot of this you know but yo
what else um next question
Jules asks how did you feel when you got
offered to do a movie about yourself ok
so yes my movie a trip to unicorn Island
the one that covers my tour is gonna
come out set an undisclosed date that
you'll find out soon but I want to make
it clear that I was not offered I told
people I said hey I'm going on tour one
third of me movie so I'm a pretty and
honestly I think what I'm most excited
about for you to see in that movie is
exactly what I'm talking about is that
in my videos I come across very like and
I am genuinely like that but there's a
whole other side to me that is a
business
that is like it's it's one that's still
developing because truly one of the
things I struggle with in business is
sometimes I am too nice and that's a
flaw in business sometimes but I do get
stepped all over sometimes in the
business world and I'm learning to hold
my ground but you will see in this movie
the boss side of Lily the side that is
like I'm sorry what you're gonna do what
was my show no absolutely not that's not
gonna happen let me tell you what's
gonna happen so you'll see that side of
me would you never get to see in my main
channel or my blog so I'm really excited
for you to see that because um it's a
part of me I am a businesswoman at the
end of the day just because I talk about
poop and wear onesies it doesn't make me
any less of a businesswoman all right
I am a mother effin boss okay
just like all of you a mother effin boss
is all right then um we don't lost soul
even though you use a hashtag I'm still
gonna answer question you said you're
hiding the movie release date that makes
this so much more exciting so I'm not
hiding it I have an idea of when it is
that I'm not telling you about but I
actually don't know the exact date yeah
because in true super own fashion you
know I don't do anything unless I do it
to the best of my ability I'm bending
over backwards and trying to everything
my power to make it the biggest baddest
release ever so there's a lot of moving
parts and for that reason I can't tell
you the time frame yet but once I get
that green light to do so obviously I'm
gonna make it the biggest deal ever and
try to make it the most exciting
experience for all of you so I know
okey-dokey sorry I'm just reading
through all your tweets and it's sliding
my screen and when I make that bum
bumbum that means that's me trying to
fill the gap of me reading stuff um can
you whip and nae nae SKT can I whip it
can i whip and nae nae i'ma try all
right here we go hold on hold on hold on
you wanting me able to see all the
meeting screen okay so one of my dancers
are SHINee
she loves whip
goto is the Whitlam so watch me whip now
watch me nae nae now watch me wet when I
don't really know that nae nae part as
well as the whip is it like this watch
me is that it's not the nae nae
I don't know but that was my attempt at
whipping in a name that was my attempt
at whipping and neigh neighing all right
let's give a shout out tweet me some
cute yeah sure let go if you ever had
kids what would your kid's name V&Y ask
steam super Georgia um my kids names
would be adopted one and adopted too
because I'm kidding I've not thought
that far down the line at all I have no
idea I could not answer that truthfully
I who um I'm buck my neck my back and
we're gonna stop there because that song
is dirty okay going down heater stop
being rude you're being rude I'm trying
to I'm trying to find questions that I
have already answered um so I'm in asks
is there anything left on your vision
board if not are you gonna add anything
to it yes so at the end of the year um
I'm going to update my vision board
probably like I might have a vision
board party actually where I do with all
my friends cuz I always encourage them
to make them but they're just lazy and
never do it so um I might do that but
yeah at the end of the year I usually
reflect back my vision board let me
check poor ha
um so let me show you it's got a lot of
things on here this year has been a good
year so a lot of things it's my mom your
back isn't putting my shoes on the bed
what okay um a lot of this stuff like
Justin Bieber's believe is there and I
did that solely because I was like oh I
want to make a movie
based off my tour that's cool would you
like a tour is there to symbolize my
tour Salinas there Duane's there things
still left like Nicki Minaj is still
left Jennifer Lawrence Drake a Katy
Perry there's definitely things that are
still on there and people they want to
meet but a lot of this hero's a really
good year for accomplishing things on my
vision board and would you ever cut your
hair short asks do uh this is how I
would look short hair you told me ah I
guess I look more like the emoji I don't
think so I don't I'm pretty attached to
my hair to be honest
okay now I'm picking a winner Lily shut
up oh okay here we go pick a winner
tweet me something cute cute you know
here's idea tweet me what makes you
happy using the hashtag ask super luck
and I don't pick one of those let's talk
about happiness let's talk about that
okay let's talk about lists of what that
are there I thought my back it's so dark
outside already you know what's the one
thing I don't like my like fall in
winter gets so dark so quickly but the
leaves are so pretty
they're so pretty okay we go yeah sorry
from all over the place today I believe
I was really tired before this and I got
so much energy during the livestream and
I just know that I have to pull an
all-nighter until my flight in the
morning and we have a stopover and then
I'll and like I just it's just like a 12
hour process imma be there for like so
early and it's like ah but I can't sleep
before I guess the airport because I've
so much stuff to do so I'm kind of just
like thinking about that and feeling
like that's how I feel okay what makes
you happy
reading tweets reading tweets retweets
wah-wah-wah-wah-wah um there's so many
good ones um okay that's a good one okay
I'm gonna um that's a really good one to
damage y'all sing this good ones up okay
hold on
write the name down on this piece of
paper on a pink marker okay I got it
I'm thinking someone hey what's your
name I'm writing your name still you
trying to decorate to make it look
pretty
you serve my writings not the nicest I'm
writing had penmanship is not my
strength I can definitely tell you that
my fingers are way too double-jointed to
write nicely you get stuck in certain
positions okay the person won the first
shout out it's because you gave me an
answer and I'll tell you the honest
reason you send a picture of your guinea
pigs and it's making me very happy you
said my guinea pig makes me happy and is
cute and I like that because this is
gonna sound really stupid but cuz it has
nothing to do with me I love that my
videos make people happy and you make me
also happy but I really want to stress
the importance of everything in your
life that makes you happy not just me
and not just you know things like that
but just like the small little things
like a little guinea pig and so my first
shuttle goes through Ruby inferno you
doing screenshot
if you missed it don't stress because
when this is done you can pause rewind
yada yada this will all be uploaded on
to my channel so thank you so much I'll
give away two more shout outs I'm here
for 30 more minutes we don't have a
partay and it's gonna be great and God
bless your guinea pig
that's my dance to conclude my thought
okay oh let me give you some more
updates oh no where's that paper go oh
it's right here okay so what else do I
need to talk to you about um they're
gonna also so this is kind of sad and
kind of exciting so Trinidad is gonna be
the last time as far as I know like my
knowledge serves me the last time I'm
gonna perform a trip to unicorn Island
the full show although I am coming to
Miami and I'm very excited that excited
about that as long as I never been to
Miami um I'm doing a condensed version
of the show so it'll be just as great
but not as long and so if you have time
chicks from Miami I am the closing act
at Project IRL in Miami on November 21st
22nd so grab your tickets for that as
well quick google search can tell you
where to get those tickets this project
IRL as an in real life and that's
happening as well but Trinita how the
17th this is gonna be one as far as I
know the last time I went before Louis
show that's can we take a moment that's
kind of as of today I have performed the
show 30 times that's not including any
rehearsals of practices performed in
front of an audience
30 times just take that in 30 times I've
said the same jokes there any time that
improv 30 times I've met 200 of you each
at a time and for train I'd actually
have to me grease up so for the entire
Torah I had a meet-and-greet before my
show every single time I'm with the
exception of a few that were after but
each time was 200 people sometimes was
150 sometimes it was 250 but it was
around 200 people every time so in
Trinidad I have a meeting greet the day
of the show that's 200 people but the
day before I maybe that's 400 people
and usually a 200 people takes two hours
it's just like about a hundred people an
hour pretty much it's me four hours I'm
guessing of meeting people I'm excited
but I just I'm fearful a bit as to how
tiring that's gonna be so I'm gonna be
sick breaks or something but that's
awesome I'm meeting 600 people enjoy
that in total and I'm so stoked about it
so that's really cool um also the blog
Channel our vlog Channel I don't you say
this is almost at a million and my goal
is to get it at a million before this
year is done so in 2016 I know I mean in
2015 sorry another thing we said you
could say that we did was our vlog
channel hit a million so if you're not
yet subscribed to that scratch the LAN
channel I mean spread the word and share
my blogs and do all that yes and I
really like the blogs this is my chance
to like be my real authentic
unapologetic real self and so yeah the
vlog channel is another update and stuff
and I keep saying in my brain just just
so you know how my brain works I have
like a checklist of things I'm going to
do and so many of them are gonna occur
after I move because admittedly right
now my life is kind of chaotic going
back and forth I'm constantly going back
and forth traveling so much once I move
at the end of November and I can settle
into my place in LA I feel like I will
just enter a whole new level of beast
and work session where I'll actually
have a functional living situation not
unlike the one I'm currently in and I'm
really excited for that and one of the
things I want to do when I move and get
settled in is up my vlog channel and the
quality of my vlogs right now it's like
fun that's cool I might maintain that
but maybe like I don't know we do give
me suggestions may be things like intros
and outros my blog or like um I don't
know
you give me suggestions what you think I
really like the vlog channel though I
think it's our chance to like connect
very like unscripted so cool and the
last update is if you haven't heard yet
when Jeep and bottom jeath both have
profiles in the unicorn island app and
it is ridiculous
my app is free for iPhone and Android
has a game called flappy you recorded it
when do you think bottom youth have
profiles it's completely free to
download the links are in the
description of all of my videos you just
search it in the App Store unicorn
island should come up so check that out
if you have
yet done so let's give away another
shout out let's do that that's what we
should do
I'm going on my facebook whoo losing my
voice by doing this hmm
you do know you have a show coming up
you needs to come down
just stop stopping frantic so I'm going
to go into my facebook I don't care of
another shadow what's going to happen
one second let me just copy and paste
this cool so I'm going to my facebook
they found such I suppose I I and I'm
going to post it video and I do share it
and I'll pick someone and I'll give them
a shout out so I'm saying share this
video to live and there you go it is my
new video newly friend game with Sal and
if you shared
I will pick someone and give you a
shadow I let that simmer for a few
minutes and yeah yeah oh my god we have
to poop sure yeah I'm gonna wait until
I'm done I'm not gonna take you to poop
with me don't worry okay I'm gonna just
cream my thing for a second because I
can see that it is how to smudge on it
so you just took a shower now you don't
have to shower today okay let's go back
on to play whoa there's like a 3500 over
here right now holy crap Boca wait let's
just take that in for a second
technology on very amazing listen
Manjeet where'd you come from to take a
sin that right now in this moment
wherever you're sitting we take a look
around where you're sitting stop and
look around looking around there's no
one here but actually in here there's
3,500 people in this moment living this
moment together watching the same thing
isn't that amazing that we can all be a
family at the same time I'm gonna hug my
screen and I'm gonna hope that it goes
to all 3,500 of you and you drop your
screen and don't be embarrassed like
whether you're in law or with room with
maybe with your friends right now
watching I know in which type of I would
love to you're watching dear friends it
found me in something but
none of you be merest look at each other
right now and stop look each other look
at each other and the Theo should we do
this like yeah
hug hug the laptop right now here we go
the computer not put colors a hug just
for you and I hope you hugged back um
thank you so much for being in this
moment with me and taking time on your
busy day the joy may ask sober woman
long looks really cleaning okay uh vodka
my asks what is the most expensive thing
you've ever broken I've never been asked
that question most expensive thing I've
ever broken is someone's heart hasn't
really deep answer but someone's heart
even though they're not expensive like
this love is what really makes you rich
you know love from the hearts that's my
answer
that was deep that got that was tumblr
quote deep as f now everyone's sending
me pictures of their pets and I love it
I would have no other way I love it so
much oh so I shall ask scan we watch the
movie together with layered buttered
popcorn and a coke in a glass bottle yes
we can I'm thinking of a whole bunch of
ways I can't say anything's confirmed
yet but I'm thinking of a whole bunch of
ways to make the release of my movie as
interactive as possible well we can all
watch it together and make it really
special so stay tuned because I'm
working on it I'm working on it I
promise every moment of the day I'm
working on stuff just for you
okay um weirdest childhood memory asks
rhythm and Judith love Lily thank you I
love you too um I am what am i weirdest
childhood memories is very strange um I
used to think I would get like in
trouble for really weird things so once
I was like playing outside and I think I
took dirt and I was like playing with
balls of dirt isn't random I don't know
and I think I threw some onto the
neighbors like porch and so there's just
a little bit of dirt on his porch and he
came out and he was like
who did this and I was like no I'd like
ran away and then I thought for like
weeks that the police were gonna come
after me I was gonna get arrested I was
gonna go to jail I was like tripping the
eff out um that was me I was very like
stupidly irrational but yeah so you can
keep me inside the pocket of your ripped
jeans holdin me closer til our eyes meet
you won't ever be alone wait for me to
come home I don't know why I just saying
that I just came to my brain okay so Kim
dae-jung asks I love how attached you
are to your grandpa do you still kiss
his picture when you leave I definitely
do I do kiss picture of an honor and say
goodbye to him every time I leave on a
trip and not only that I also tell his
picture when I'm gonna come back home
and where I'm going just so he can know
you know so he knows what's up
and to what I do Shahla asks are you on
drugs
no I'm not on drugs but thank you I'll
take that as a compliment however I will
say the only drug I am on is happiness
and the most addictive drug I've ever
had was success in the lines of jay-z
hum when I discussed this quote all the
time but jay-z once said the most
addictive drug is success because
success is the only thing if you get a
taste of it you're like oh my god I need
more and you will really literally
uproot your life to obtain it so that's
my response to your question Daniel
someone says I sing very well thank you
for lying Jessica I appreciate your
lying to be play and but if you if you
want me to sing another song and I know
it please request and I'll sing it for
four seconds before I get both booed off
stage I am a I'm not a good singer but I
enjoy singing but I'm not good at it and
I'm okay with that you can't be good at
too many things
if you got to experience someone's life
for a week would it be maybe Michelle
Obama
I like Obama or like Beyonce you know
all those people
I'm down for let's check up on our
Facebook there is 236 shares I'm gonna
let that oh my god hold on did it not
even post that what just happened
wait are you guys did no one tweet me
saying this oh my god I mean everyone I
didn't even see the tweets I'm sorry I
didn't even post on to Facebook I'm the
friggin worst um Wow um click Share to
wring a live showed up and go I'm so
sorry I don't know why I didn't post
click Share to an election and hold hold
okay now it's posted ah I'm the worst
I'm so sorry I didn't see any of your
tweets until right now but first it now
so I'll let that simmer now sing going
to my Facebook and try to get that shout
out and I'll be more than happy to give
it to you my apologies I am a failure
laughs woman did you ever have braces
asks Julie I know which is all my teeth
are very crooked as you can see can
contribute in Puget I see they're very
koukin but I would love to get
Invisalign now because it's not so much
I care about crooked teeth like I'm not
embarrassed like my teeth are very good
good you just can't tell the average
person can't tell because when I smile I
only smile show my top teeth that's just
I smile so it doesn't seem like it but
if I was smile with all my teeth you'd
be like damn girl Halloween costume in
Ohio but um I like it love to Invisalign
now because there's a few reasons why I
want to get braces now I should have
gotten two when I was younger and when
mom told me to but I was obviously
stupid about that like now I don't want
to be embraced face and now I'm like
give me the braces um a few reasons one
is it sometimes like causes discomfort
because my teeth are cooking you know
so I would love for them to be straight
also I want to get a grill one day I
want to get a grill like a diamond door
golden like all it says maybe one or two
or teeth oh you don't sound like that
but I feel like you do you thing to be
straight for that you know so for those
reasons very professional adult reasons
I want to get braces okay
da da da da da oh the questions we got
Tiana asked can you bring back Jessica
in your videos does she still work at
forever 21
Jessica works everywhere I tell her to
work so yes she still wears a forever 21
I did put her in a video recently shoes
in my birthday video but yeah I'll
involve her a bit more because I like I
like being Jessica just like oh my god I
totally laughing Jessica it's so good
okie-dokie Jeremy asks have you ever
broken or fractured a bone um no I'm not
broken a bone I've never broken a bone I
feel like I have maybe I feel like once
in my life I fractured some small bone
maybe here but that was never confirmed
by a doctor so I could just also be
making it up
so yeah
Purvi asks another good question I just
thought again are you doing a collab
month in December again I am seriously
seriously seriously considering it I'm
not gonna lie my class in December so if
you don't know I usually do the 12 clubs
of Christmas Mike Labs in December I
love doing them but they're so hard to
do and reason being last year if you
fall in my class I tried to make very
like large scale clubs I had one cloud
that was grown close like jenna Marbles
grace Helbig mamrie Hannah
Colleen Miranda and like you can imagine
that videos like that are not easy to
orchestrate you got taken so many people
schedule make a script to get a shooter
like the amount of preparation that even
those videos talk was ridiculous Oh to
have done 12 of them definitely very
difficult but I really like doing them
and you tell me do you like the clubs
let me know because I I just I just you
know I just can't I just can't do normal
clog I'll do a few clams that really
excite me but it you know me I'm not
gonna do like I I need to like just kill
everything I do that's even if you think
I don't kill everything I do I try my
best but no I have to do it amazingly so
if I do 12 claps I can foresee that I'll
absolutely kill myself doing them but I
think it'll be worth it so I I'm leaning
towards yes I will do them but I let me
know your thoughts on that on my twelve
claps Christmas I'm gonna jump on to my
face welcome
I'm so confused as to how that thing
didn't post because now I posted twice
what fell okay Facebook is broken it is
broken because now it's posted twice I
feel like not everyone can see the post
first post because it has very few
shares and now the second one has
honestly I'm sorry I don't know okay
I don't know I'm gonna I don't know um
okay I would let that simmer for two
minutes in the meantime while we're at
it I'll do two I'll just tell you to win
both shuttles one go on Facebook share
the video I'll pick someone give them a
shout-out to comment so watch the video
and comment on YouTube leave a comment
and I'll pick someone who comments on
the video just so we can do it like a
two-in-one thing here and I'll pick a
shout-out for both of them so go ahead
and do that I'll let that simmer for a
few minutes I love our talk about videos
like food I'll let that simmer for a few
I'll let that marinate for a few minutes
uh-huh okie dokie let's do more
questions uh Tina rocks out says would
you rather be in a music video with
Selena Gomez or a movie with the rock
that's a very difficult question I feel
like the answer for both is I would
prefer to be in a movie over a music
video because although I thoroughly
enjoy music videos there's something
with a storytelling of a feature-length
movie that I really appreciate it I
think would be challenging for me with
respect to
why not both why why can't we be both
why can't Selina be my BFF and the rock
can be my boyfriend why why can't that
happen
both my answer is both our supermax as
your makeup is so false really cuz I
just really didn't do anything I'm not
very good at makeup I know how to do one
look and I do not look over and over
again so really all I've done is I'm not
even wearing concealer anymore
foundation filled in my eyebrows put a
little bit of blush on and put a little
bit of mascara on this is my fresh fresh
face look when I don't have that much
time or care too much and then if you
know if I've actually had something
important or care about how I look then
I'll wear eyeliner under eye liner eye
shadow a little bit of white right there
a little bit of white right here that's
when I like go in but like right now I'm
just kind of like whatever I wish I
could take a nap after this but I can't
and I'm really sad about it really me
sad about that okay next question shut
up Louie how do you have such cool taste
in clothes asks and jela I don't I'm not
very good at fashion that's a lie I'm
good at superwoman fashion like I can
dress myself for a stage or but like say
that you've got a fancy dinner or
something I can't dress myself if I have
no idea like swag like this like what
I'm wearing right now yeah I can do
things like this I can understand this
shoe will look good with this pant with
like a tuck I understand things like
that like a fancy dinner or something
hell no I have no idea no idea whoa
Janata Janita sari asks will you ever go
horseback riding again I would love to I
tried it I wasn't that good at it I was
kind of struggle but it's something I
love I love animals and I would love to
do that more often because I think it's
very good for the soul I'm having said
that another thing I'm debating which I
think will be very major unless I'm a
nerd and you don't agree but when I
moved to LA I kind of want to get a
puppy and also been ridiculous like I
travel so much it's kind of like who
will take care of my I'm gonna try to
figure it out
I want a puppy you know that's what I
want huh okay I'm going on Facebook and
I am refreshing in five oh three two one
here we go here we go go go
alright I'm picking someone click on the
shares okay I've got it I'm a Rachel
name on this piece of paper with my
heart
aka the sharpie hello if your name
starts with an A you did not win this
chef but if your name started with a T
you also did not win this shout-out but
if your name starts with M you also did
not win this sucker because the
president won this shout out your name
starts with an S the person want this
shout out your name is savvy Todd and I
hope this makes your day here as you
shut up
if you missed it don't trip out because
after this is done it's gonna be on my
channel you can pause rewind and do all
that yesh I'm only here for 9 more
minutes I'm going to jump onto the
actual video the Selena Gomez video um
and I'm gonna pause and I'm going to
refresh in two minutes
to pick someone who left the comments
I'm going to switch my settings to not
top comment but um newest first
alright and I'm gonna let you know when
i refresh it which will happen about two
minutes two minutes time um in the
meantime I view fate more minutes and I
want to say that I love you so much and
let me show you the books I'm reading so
aren't I gonna eat me me me the books
I'm reading the girlboss I finished
reading it it was had some real golden
moments in it that taught me a lot of
things I really appreciate it I am
halfway through is everyone hanging with
hanging out without me um my mindy
kaling and i have our second book here
which I'm going to read after I'm done
that what I also have Kunal's book you
don't know Cano has a book and it is
called yes my accent is real and some
other things I haven't told you and I
planned to read that as well also here I
have ASAP
sciences book now if you don't know I
love ASAP science is my friends Greg and
Mitch they're also from Canada team
Canada their book I haven't had a chance
to go through all of it but I've taken
little peeks at it and it's great and
it's fun I mean come on it's so fun take
a screenshot of this and tell them I
love them tell them I love them tell
them I told you multiply the book let's
read through it real quickly cuz they do
like facts and cute things and um Oh cuz
they're like a cute oh that's so cute
brain farts it's a section which came
first chicken or the egg section hmm oh
my god I love this oh my god I'm
learning I'm learning things is being
cold make you sick
oh my god that's such a good chapter for
me to read today your parents always
like jockey dancing oh my god this is
amazing it says winter is coming what of
the Game of Thrones reference and we all
remember our parents telling us to put a
jacket on to go outside or it'll catch a
cold
of course the common responses don't be
sailing deep don't be silly
being cold can't give you a cold or
kenick who wins this battle huh and they
explain it this is genius this is genius
I need to read this wholeheartedly um so
those are all the books of the wonderful
people I love and admire you should grab
them because honestly reading is really
liberating and relaxing and I truly
enjoy it okay I'm going to click refresh
on the Selena Gomez video in five oh
three and the first person's comment I
see
two-one-zero click alright newest first
get it the shout out is going to I'm
writing your name could be your name
unless you're sitting there and you
didn't comment on the video in which
case you like shut the F up early in
which case okay fair enough
uh-huh that's hot
I love the color of this marker makes me
very happy
two small things I got to mommy bingo
and now I'm a pink person okay ready
first we won this shout out your name is
Nimisha Patel your comment of EEP was
the first time I saw that here is your
shadow thank you so much if you missed
it as per usual don't worry it will be
uploaded on to my channel and you can
pause rewind and do all of that yes
after if you didn't win don't worry
because I'm shouting you all from my
heart right not to all of you thank you
so much for watching I'm here for four
more minutes
um as I mentioned this is your first
time joining in this is a super mine I
do it on the 14th of every single month
I try at least two and I think I've been
pretty consistent for the past three
years I probably missed like two or
three so that's pretty good um having to
try that tomorrow very very excited
about it I'm very excited about all the
love you've shown on the screen ago miss
clap thank you so much for making that
opportunity possible for me you're all
so great and magical and my nose is
getting to that hu point but we did
pretty good my nose what we got at you
right now
usually sing with them like three
minutes um blonde channels almost at a
million let's try to get it to them for
the year-end so we can have a party and
celebrate also I tickets for turnout are
still available link is in the
description I am extremely confident
that they will sell out so grab them
soon it's already about 4,500 tickets
sold so grab yours the link is right
there also I'm coming to Miami your
project IRL to close the show with my
unicorns um oh now the nose dis so itchy
project IRL as an in real life you can
just google and grab those tickets
November 21st 22nd in Miami so make sure
you do that as well also if you haven't
done so already download my app it is
completely free for iPhone and Android
and this great game called flappy
unicorn that I am horrible at and also
move some buttons you both have profiles
in the app so if you're looking for some
little extra entertainment and fun and
some basic immunity in that applet ones
very connected and they talk it's a good
good positive vibe so
it's called unicorn island you can
search it up in your App Store and
Google Play or not whatever I will see
you get your apps for whatever the stork
that comes drops off baby apps ask them
for unicorn heaven um thank you so much
for joining me I'm sorry I was only in
for an hour and not my usual hour and a
half I do have a bazillion things to do
before I leave including making
tomorrow's video umm prepping all the
stuff I need for the Trinidad Show I'm
really putting my heart and soul into it
as I tried to do with everything I try
not to do anything with half of my
effort and so that is my commitment to
team super and my positive thoughts and
on the positive thought as I always do
um-hmm I want to really make it come
from my heart so I don't want to rush it
so my positive thought is hmm what's one
that's really relevant to me right now
hey here's my positive but I don't know
if it's positive or motivational but
either way I'm gonna say in my life so
many times where there's really small
things really big things people say no a
lot to me and if you know anything about
me my mom will be the first to tell you
I'm so stubborn all my friends will tell
you I'm so stubborn it's cuz I don't
like hearing no and for a long time I
used to think that's a bad thing but I
realized through my career that it's not
always a bad thing um if you're really
passionate about something and you
really want something and you really
believe in something then don't be
afraid to hear no and then say no it
doesn't matter if you're saying no I'm
still gonna do this and a prime example
is I think a lot of the reason why team
super and super woman and everything has
had any success that has had is because
um you when I meant going to meetings
I've always like you won't decide what's
gonna happen like this is what I want
and to see what's gonna happen and for
the tour you know I was told to have
four dancers I was told I was told that
going to Trinidad was not gonna be
feasible I was told starting in India
was gonna be difficult I was taught all
these things I was like well listen
that's great that you're saying no and
the cheating's can be difficult now
talk about how it's going to happen
because I'm telling you it's gonna
happen so if I'm saying it's gonna
happen and you're telling me it's gonna
be difficult to happen guess what this
is difficult this is gonna happen let's
figure out how to get from here to here
as far as I'm concerned that's the only
solution so that's kind of what I want
to say whether it's one of your beliefs
or something you really want to work
hard at um if people say no don't think
that's the end all find a way to do what
you want to do and find a way to do what
makes you happy that's my positive
thought because dude if you don't fight
for things that you want if you don't
fight for things you believe in and
who's going to if not you so that is my
positive thought and I love you all so
much I'll be having a great
inspirational wonderful positive day and
if you're not hates you're just saying
turn it around right now so go ahead and
do that thank you for joining me I will
see you on the 14th of L next month and
we're going to Trinidad tomorrow so
follow along the adventures on my
snapchat iisuperwomanii and a live long
channel and I will see on the 14th of
next month I love you all so much thank
you thank you thank you 1 superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop
I can't wait to poop right now
