happening
what if everyone's a girl superwoman
with just wonderful beautiful fabulous
human being Selena Gomez Oh No thank you
so much now if you know anything about
me which you might or might not totally
clear the way you know I'm a huge Selena
Gomez fans is a huge honor thing for
being on my channel so sweet I just met
her and I don't know that much about her
I know everything about her but she's
very damaged in my defense but we're
gonna play the newly friend game which
is similar to the newlywed game but for
two people who just met trying to become
friends so we have a list of questions
and I'm gonna write my answer down
Cena's gonna call yourself yeah oh yeah
Sal's gonna write her answers down I'm
gonna guess her she's gonna guess mine
I'm some friends okay about it I'm about
it oh my gosh oh that's so on don't feel
bad that I'm writing under scribbling
things to make it seem like I know what
I'm doing I'm joining a guest line first
Reaganesque al casters okay are you in
love oh sorry person or yeah god no I've
ever really been in love
besides Dwayne Johnson oh no I'm gonna
say either wildest dreams are welcome to
New York
what are you serious oh yeah I'll tell
you why sex I think when most beautiful
Meli's ever heard is that hold that
melody she has yeah I will attempt to
imitate it but I can as though the
little bit so good like you got it
basically she then she lies to make me
feel good so good I'm tempted to say bad
blood because he was all involved in
that but that's the obvious answer New
York
okay well you got half of it oh that a
lot of streams but like weird like we're
already doing so many - like in
Louisville so many high fives - that one
loved one what up tattoo reference
your your quick look the worst rumor
you've ever heard about yourself is that
you were pregnant
every single one oh goody inside answer
at the same time really are you kidding
okay sure made me strong okay good
choice
mine is pretty specific well because I
can see how you you are caring just from
her conversation I would assume that you
wouldn't like when people say that
you're fake or dissing genuine I
literally slept with you two to get
where I am
ah no not that like not a person like I
just slept with the website you get are
you dad I don't know like that's a big
point for me you know what I don't have
that much energy also I get that one too
I'm flattered do you think I'm that
capable but no Matt love I hear you I'm
gonna make it seem exciting it might
just be like okay bring me guac I don't
really know what it is good you texted
Taylor the bergna guac to be like really
nervous and excited about revival my
puke it's my mom I said I'm here I'm
gonna say maybe one of your best friends
if y'all say I'll take that I'll take
that it's to my girls what's a group
it's called F boys get money I'm
shooting a collab with Selena Gomez
today and I'm gonna die and pass out and
spontaneously combust before I get there
sweat sweat sweat emoji and I feel
really lame for not having staged a
better situation I know that's what is
that's Julia thank you oh my god this is
a hard it's gonna be hard
yes okay you see my Instagram it's all I
don't know why cuz I just want people to
be like I love you understand me okay
you're all about the attitude then
you're gonna have one
girls I do use it a lot but what so this
is the new way I say hello now it's the
poop emoji it's the way I just start
crying that's my assistant by the way
she has like she does that for life it's
like just says so much more than I'm
gonna say I'm gonna say friend say math
I'm yes I'm fearful I'm also her Emma
but I said texting jack oh I'm all so
horrible that has a really good end more
like banking I'm also horrible at that
clothes okay
kind of relationships I'm very bad at
relationships I am the worst at them
meaning with a guy or without many with
a good yeah meeting was a guy meaning I
need to start buying cats now how about
I change the question a little bit I
should say what's the one you're most
looking forward to
oh you're a sure so they gotta be out
already okay I'll do my favorite okay
sounds good imagine feel like wasn't
really a fan mind you know your songs
and then be so awkward right now
that was like ah but honestly and I
would just be like alright let's go on
cetera no no of course I just I'm gonna
say same old love no no she's like no
okay what is it
killer Camus okay mine is awesome hey
I'll tell you what you tell me why first
I mean it's just lyrically wanted a vest
so instead of ever saying I felt the
same I'm not the same way whoa kill them
with kindness because if I think and you
can correct me if I'm wrong I feel like
this is one of your mantras to like deal
with a lot of stressful times have so I
feel like you've treated it twice yeah
that's just always been what my mom
it's kind of embedded in me it's just
you have to wake up with yourself every
morning and people are gonna give you
their worst and it's so easy to be mean
it's just like I'm Latin I can be me and
really hot but I just I don't feel good
about myself right well I think people
need to hear a message like this they
just do it's like I mean one of my
favorite lyrics it's like your your like
your mouth is like a gun like everything
you say your lies are like bullets and
you have two exclusive three right here
the last question is gonna be I know you
just met me I just met you okay
um even though I feel like I've known
you am i scaring you it just like girls
girl out of this rain no they just
invited your hate me after oh snap
you heard okay even though we just met
what is your favorite thing off this
short meeting of about me and what's my
favorite thing about you okay okay damn
we need spellcheck I don't know spell
this word um this is kind of weird Oh
sir me cuz I'm like this is probably
what you like oh oh so weird hopefully
like my groundedness I do really love
that about you but in my very
incorrectly spelled way um I put
perseverance that's so no yeah the
reason why and people always question
like why are you such people know I can
go over to people go up and see a Gomez
manic animated at school um and I always
say it's disgust I feel like Selena's
been in this industry for a very long
time Suze young and she's gone a lot ups
and downs and challenges and she always
handles things in a way that I hope I
can handle them one day
so my difficult times like when Selena -
that's perseverance integrity that's so
nice thank you I didn't even say that
that's authentic ashworth really sleep
thank you I mean it could be my amazing
fashion sense but I'm not going to be
right right
maybe my smile oh how cute I'm not very
much of like a bit like fighter take
just your heart is humor oh you're so
sweet
it's like a real compliment it's not
about my Betty it's not about my hair
that's the first time the compliment was
about my hair really yeah yeah
beautifier and by the way it's not fake
oh just pull this whooping yeah yeah
it's a family and I'm gonna get it get
in there thank you three gonna go with
some where my hair is not fake mine
however is very famous I hope you
enjoyed that video thank you so much for
being on my corner sweetheart a keeper
this week if you don't know this revival
is out right now the link is in the
description you can also get the long I
right there click it check out Cena
gomez compr tour days cuz you're going
on tour as well yes some Hornet
she's wonderful in real life as well so
you should support a genuine person also
if you want to check out more of my
videos that's cool too you can click the
last one it is right there my vlogs are
there all the links are in the
description and you should subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday
emergent outro it's very complicated
we're gonna attempt to mimic it you know
no one really gets it but goes one love
superwoman that's the best food or not
oh wow Milda that is a wrap and Zoop oh
my gosh super hit boy I'd be so happy oh
my god
screenshot that moment
I'd say
that's a much
