I'm stuffed
excuse me we have the dessert menu
please
so how big is that portion oh my god do
you remember how good those cupcakes
were last week I think we should get two
none of those cupcake is it party size
or oh really they're like the best
cupcakes I've ever how many people
doesn't serve can I just I just you know
I honestly didn't eat all day today I
just can we get two of those things
should we get those cupcakes again I
think we should order one more I think
we should have worked
hi sub so sorry did you eat the last
cupcake but can we actually got one more
just I mean I'm not hungry yet but like
getting there mm-hmm
did you see that what was that oh those
cake you know how whatever he's having
hungry I mean I be yeah I'm leaving
right now I'm leaving right now I'll
give away are we eating before or after
what time does closed is that enough
time and well I don't know I just want
to make sure we have a plan fries onion
rings two garlic dipping sauces that's
right cheese on the garlic can you
please measure the cheese on the bottom
I get right and one large pizza correct
answer
did you anything you could eat like
anything in the world right now what
would you eat and you will get one
certainly what you getting I don't want
to be the only one eating he hold on
sorry how do you like a funnel cake you
know
like straight out of the fryer a little
bit ice cream some strawberries a little
cool with a little bit of chocolate
sauce drizzled on top
I just can't trust anyone who doesn't
like Nutella I mean I don't know if I'm
hungry they're just like bored you know
oh my god and she likes cooking that's
it I have to marry him was being hungry
have to do with eating really really
Flay really it's not a ring
yes actually the only reason I wake up
is because I'm hungry for know I was
like getting married and I'm just in
here like I love carrots mmm I'm so full
but like there's fooling yourself stop
will you stop me stop me
yeah I'll take fries with that it's like
the bags always half-empty you know get
out can't you get up sighs those pies so
hot
ah I can't get a side of mayo hey it
ketchup and burning my tongue
can I get barbecue sauce little spicier
oh I got you another one I can't get
sweet-and-sour sauce as well
okay get all the sauces yep you repeat
my order I'm dying so what happened
dinner you hapless to this it was great
it was literally the weirdest thing
that's ever happened to me so I love
using this room and all of a sudden it's
like what did you just say to me then
he's like get this
what y'all hope you enjoyed that video
if you did give it a big thumbs up make
sure you comment below you can check out
my last video right there it is my
parents reacting to but I love money
if you're on a phone in the adaptation
is the workings at the link in the
description as well
my blossom right there check that out if
you haven't downloaded my unicorn Island
app it is free for iPhone Android click
that out of the corner of your screen
the links let up also in the description
down out there now and subscribe because
they make new videos every Monday and
Thursday
well superwoman that is a wrap and
mother oh my god I cannot wait to eat
all of the doubles in Trinidad
