where in the world is superwoman today
eh inside a disco ball
JK New York City whatever one is your
girl superwoman and I'm a pretty
positive person I mean you should know I
like love a lot of things humans
hums unicorns fries when McDonald's
gives me freedom sauce when you click
like on my videos but there are a
handful of things that I want
particularly fond of printers traffic in
Canada but at the top of that list or
phone plans I swear to god I got 99
problems and all of them are because my
phone plan sucks straight-up phone plans
are evil you know why some are on call
people say huh because that's all she
could say without being charged for the
full minute these people trying to save
Emily Rose because they think she's
possessed now okay she's just upset
about her phone bill my dad I went over
you bend it over the same way like Jiffy
Lube for $200 I pulled something
oh here's why I hate foam guns you know
why I'm single and lonely wait wait you
might be thinking because I'm loud I'm
ratchet I'm stubborn okay I haven't
waxed my upper lip in a while but like
now it's because phone plans have given
me commitment issues yeah that's why I'm
saying let me get this straight hold up
you're gonna give me this phone for free
but only if I sign up for this plan that
day why you love gonna be so conditional
it's like dating someone that already
has three kids like I want the booty but
I don't want that baggage if I want this
free phone I've gotta sign a three-year
plan with you oxy
you know how long three years is okay
ain't none of my relationships last
three years my ex was hella fine my ex
was hella sexy my ex was so good it
could win a game with tic-tac-toe and
just want her but we're still not
together okay you you don't even work in
an elevator talking about three years
what have I become an elevator
technician
what if I get a job in a parking garage
what if I move into someone's basement
what if I suddenly decide I'm passionate
about the well-being of bees I can't
make that kind of commitment okay let's
just establish a list
relationship I'll text you goodnight and
you can touch my button sometimes nobody
comin up to me no preachers make sure
you hit him with the prenup and honestly
honestly bone times are so typical okay
when you first sign up use on impress
the treating your soul right or kids
like you look at all my waived fees and
all my reception I got 3G 4G and all of
the Jesus got so many G's that my
reception of basically the entire cast
of Straight Outta Compton and once you
get on the honeymoon phase that's it
guy on Ropin your bill what the f is
this 999 feet oh that's our customer
loyalty fee that's because like all
other relationships after a while
they're gonna want to start effing you
soon your phone plan got a beer belly in
a gambling problem soon your phone plan
to double tap and other humans pictures
on Instagram your phone plan Genevan
hair off in the sink now your phone plan
will ask you for your Facebook things
change and hide what if my phone breaks
would just be real it will because I'm
irresponsible and I will always try to
take a selfie in a swimming pool but now
that this plan with no phone so when I
call and try to counter my plan you
won't get me with a cancellation fee
what are you teaching us about
relationship what kind of relationship
business imagine you got a cancellation
fee when you try to break up with
someone okay I would have been married
at the age of 18 settle down with kids
okay just to like it's a $39.99 you know
what else against that above all times
mmm the customer service because trying
to find a phone company it has good
customer service is I trying to find a
father that is actually happy at a One
Direction concert okay
it's unlikely you ever have to call
yourself phone company and second event
you have to plan for level Kinison the
open at 9:00 okay I'm gonna call it 9:30
probably beyond holes like an hour 10:30
probably Toki I probably be wrapped up
by at 11:30 hold up yeah yeah listen I'm
not going to come to work tomorrow yeah
I gotta call my cellphone provider then
you call them and you're sitting on
holes and unload and then you get that
little automated message you don't have
time I was like hi thank you for your
patience we value your business please
stay on line agent will be with you as
soon as possible not like if you value
my business why the F am I not speaking
to a human and instead
series husbands all on the line trying
to make me feel fit series huh my god
you can see ragazza move damn money I'm
losing one damn or you'll get that
automated service that's all like hi
tell me what you're calling about and
I'll be like there's a mistake on my
phone bills you like I think you're
calling about adding voicemail another
no no no no fu I don't want that idea I
don't want voice I'm talking about a
mistake on my phone can I just speak to
a human please okay
I think you're calling about our new
family bundle and you wouldn't even get
me started on that
hey what companies use the term bundle
because bundle sounds so cute and it's
really hard to say any other things if
someone ever let go do you want like a
texting voicemail data pack up with you
gross but you have people want a texting
voicemail data bundle of course I mean
that's adorable
whoops no fun okay that's adorable
that's it everything you take a picture
up and carry in your wallet like hey
yeah yeah this is my voicemail bundle on
the first day of school
yeah it's my voicemail bundle at soccer
practice and you know what else I know
it's me so much when you're talking
about phone plans and I know for sure
it'll happen in the comments below you
complain about your phone plan something
do it why don't you change it dude my
phone plans awesome and I'm stopping
right there be like nah your phone plan
also sucks I have so many friends that
do this like there's always some effort
let's thank your my phone time is that
it because phone times these days are
like flexing muscles like you wake up
free roaming or go I got mad free
roaming you're desperate
yeah I'm with wax off mobile you're mad
free roaming and I'm like you'll stick
yourself down we got no free roaming
okay don't come up to me telling me you
love free roaming because you with some
new company that has one effing power
okay because if you roam five meters
from your help you ain't gonna have no
reception
free roam if I look at your phone right
now which one you've got one bar you
have one bar but you acting like you own
a chocolate factory sit down cuz I'll be
real chill get your phones and sucks my
phone plan sucks all the phone plans
suck okay it doesn't matter if you pay
$500 a month you still gonna be walking
around the Statue of Liberty you try and
fight
honesty I shall reform plan that allows
me to be antisocial during long parties
is that not too much to ask for but for
real I want you to stop right now
comment below let me know what your
phone plan includes because I'm
genuinely interested do not stare at my
last video right there it's called why
birthday stressed me out if you're on a
phone and the annotation is worth I'll
put the link in the description also
super super cool make sure you check out
that video I'll go sneaker shopping with
complex during New York Fashion Week and
buy some dope shoes and spend way more
money than I shoot up but go check that
out and show some love also make sure
you see a big thumbs up and click
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday although
sometimes like right now becomes 4:00
a.m. I'm gonna come back Tuesday so it's
guys like Monday ish there is the issue
typical time zones time zone right right
it's my money somewhere right or is it
is it no okay it might not be Monday
somewhere about you one love superwoman
that is a wrap a happy soup
