where in the world is superwoman today a
in a rainbow I mean in Toronto six soil
what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman and it's my birthday this
Saturday that's right I am turning the
big 21
and although birthdays are really
exciting and you get to feel all special
I'll be honest with you in my opinion
birthdays are sort of kind of stressful
and here's why
there is so much pressure built into
your birthday it's like you expect to
feel totally different as a person where
in reality you're gonna have the exact
same wife except today you'll have cake
every night before my birthday at 11:50
p.m. I'll be feeling the hella anxious
just peeping out my phone counting down
the minutes you can be like okay okay
here we go
go and that way it's 12 nothing happens
and you already know in your brain
you've convinced yourself so the number
of calls and texts you get is a symbol
of how popular you are so now you're
stressed because you're judging yourself
go check your phone for no reason like
oh wait do I got signal maybe I ain't
got no reception hold on you know what
there's a there are some eight hours up
in here let me just hold up hold up and
you're going through a mental list in
your brain like I'm gonna just wait
12:01 a she didn't call me I don't worry
I know she have forget my birthday
that's for my birthday that whole is but
I'm waiting on Paul and Kevin to be no
12:03 and okay I know they forget and my
birthday
showcase 12:10 you know I ain't Kimiko
but you're okay whatever Kim and I are
not close imma let that one slide with
the rest of them eaten and then suddenly
yeah this is a courtesy text to tell you
you're running out of data ain't nobody
love you I really hope this videos in
focus I'm not completely sure because
here's the thing it's 2015 and
apparently people no longer call one
another to wish each other a happy
birthday uh-huh you'll be lucky if you
receive - best message because what's
gonna happen is I'm gonna log on to
Facebook on my birthday I have 700
notifications of people quitting the
exact same message on my wall that reads
hey happy birthday thanks so much for
the warm wishes also how are you also if
you're my close friend and you think
it's okay to wish me happy birthday on
my wall in a sea of 200 other basic
people you dumb how the hell is that
okay I might as well wish me happy
birthday and the mother effing Hunger
Games reaping I'll better get to take
your birthday wish okay put it in the
middle of the catalyst for Game of
Thrones day because I'm go see that
issue there we're birthdays also set up
on
expectations because on the day of your
birthday everyone treats you amazing
your boyfriend or girlfriend is nice to
you their way something cute down fight
with you your teacher won't pick on you
you know the answer don't worry you step
back take Timmy your parents aren't
gonna yell at you everything is great
you have good birthday good good you my
love you get happy but they don't worry
but nothing can stop good good thanks
mom
I really appreciate it I love you too
you think you're so very special but I'm
going to call Government of Canada he'll
never make it
you make one a VIP parking space for
Lily that's right no no it's not a
handicap just lazy
that's it make it close this space
tomorrow okay nobody even people with
wheelchair get there faster than her
mama but check your Facebook thing you
know difference between me and Kanye
West huh I'm not even going to let you
finish it but they call me Ashton
Kutcher okay because I'm going to Punk
you even fits the harmony call okay they
say you not even worth it Tom Cruise
waiting outside okay they want perfect
mission impossible 5 that's right story
going to be cleaning your room you think
your zodiac sign is Rama your only sign
dead and ahead okay because this your
sister police outside right now asking
everybody who care for her carries
animals are doing this only Lily's room
okay only person hurt mothers pride even
dog cat they know they come close you
remember they run away there's no
natural dresser
that's like half but I got yo get
Macintosh they want me take picture of
your face for you useless emoji you stop
daddy done T okay use the post at three
windows you have 1.5 will go how do you
see anything but that's okay that's okay
to know why because this still more use
than your YouTube channel idiot and as
soon as that clock hits midnight it goes
100 to 0 real quick it's like someone is
rewinding Drake song and yes apparently
there is still sunshine and light in my
room when it's midnight according to
that last kid but you can see I in a
production also can you get the point
the point is that your birthday is like
one of those people who wins like
American Idol or like another real
show like that okay you only special for
one day okay so sit your old town
looking self down okay you ain't never
gonna be a Backstreet Boy and for those
of you afterthought I was 21 that O'Town
joke proves to you that I'm much older
thank you now if you decide to throw a
party that's a whole other stress
because these days make me invite less
can turn into a TLC specials all that
drama your Jessica yeah should I make
Kim to my birthday party are you
inviting Paul yeah then you have to
invite him but how do you even know Kim
but she's friends with Paul but it's my
birthday but wait didn't she make you
too hers no she'll totally see it on
Instagram whatever I'll stay out of
limit but you're inviting bill and
you've only met bill like once okay so
am I like a bad person if I don't invite
him yeah especially for Becca's coming
oh I just want to have fun and be happy
that doesn't matter
oh listen listen this is your birthday
party okay it's not about you I swear to
god you know four of the people on my
birthday party other people actually
want there everyone else is an
obligation invite that I have called
simply because I don't want to have
leftover chips you don't have time Oh
once you have a bag of open chips that's
very hard to close it in such a way
where the chips don't get stale just
finish the damn chips that's why you're
here this is your purpose oh my god the
accuracy or maybe your friends are
throwing you a surprise party which
proves to be a whole next dilemma
because chances are one of your stupid
friends already ruined the surprise and
now you're gonna have to act like you
had no idea but it's like bad why are
you so bad at lying
oh what's that Jessica you want me to
walk into this random banquet hall
today's on my birthday oh because you
want me to see if it's okay for your
wedding day okay that's great that's it
Jessica you ain't had a boyfriend in
five years okay talking about your
wedding day straight up your
relationship status button on Facebook
is the fossil
come down what's that was my favorite
color you need to know for a school
project damn it Bob we're in the same
class together what's that you need to
talk to my mom ask her about a recipe
today on my birthday okay one second
girl don't say like you cook okay the
last time
at your house you gave me a slice of
cheese with a pack of ketchup for dinner
and don't even get me started on
presents when I was younger I used to
love getting gifts because let's be real
when you're 13 you want everything oh
yes a discman but when you're older
receiving gifts because of the whole
awkward situation because a few really
weird things can happen for example
chances are your closest friends will
buy you gifts when you're older you only
have like four friends so you need to
invest in maintain those four friends so
they approach you all like happy
birthday oh thank you although I know
she's the baby okay oh my god it's great
isn't it
this is so cool a floral snapback I love
it thank you
you love it oh I knew you'd love it Oh a
unicorn t-shirt
wow this is this honestly this is this
is great
hello you're my best friend and you
don't know I own this effing hat that I
wear every day and every single one of
my videos birthdays all the time you
realize that your friends don't actually
know anything about you and the worst
part is the communication that goes down
in this whole process okay because you
have to act like you're really surprised
and you really love it so you got to do
that awkward smile uh-huh that's our big
smile then you got to say thank you but
you know when you say thank you you got
to like raise the pitch of your voice a
little bit so you've seen the sincere
thank you but then to make it seem that
you really mean it usually extend the
words thank you and that when it's all
said and done you go to bed at night and
you realize wait hold on a minute I'm
actually getting really old and then
some stupid person or also the voice in
your head says no don't worry about it
27 is the new 20 who said that
where is the scientific proof that that
isn't that true because 27 is not the
new 20 okay
27 is the original 27 and the only
person that says 27 is new 20 or 27 year
olds who know they hella old you can't
to change one thing into something else
okay this is an orange is the new black
you're not a TV show it doesn't work the
same way what you do go to the movie so
I'm gonna kind of let you buy a child's
pass because 27 the new 16 but real talk
some girls of everything I just said I
am super excited for us man thank you so
much I've already gotten so many wishes
for all of you and also all of the
things I send this video are not true
because my friends are great at
everything also please guys please come
birthday party I can't be packaging no
chip bags and if you're sitting there
like oh my god I wish I could get super
money for a birthday I know what you can
get me you can download my free unicorn
island for iPhone and Android and play
slap unicorn and tell me what your high
score is today's shout-out goes to Billy
congratulations on your high score
sending kids to tweet username also hold
up wait a minute let me put some info
and then I have a motor on my socials
that today I am announcing one more
surprise stop for my world tour a trip
to unicorn Island and I'm so so excited
to tell you where that stop is gonna be
are you ready are you ready you're not
ready hold on let me just put on this
hat real quick that's right Trinidad and
Tobago superwoman come
it's a bus away trinidad and tobago my
sweet sweet TNT you don't know the
string that to pull to make this one
happen so I got two shows for you on
October 17th one at 2:01 I eight tickets
go on sale this Saturday at 12 o'clock
noon all the information is in the
description and that page will only
launched on Saturdays if you click on
that link it's gonna launch Saturday 12
noon get your tickets doing 200 VIP
tickets for each show before it sells
out this is the only chance you got no I
don't know if you like this video give
it a big thumbs up you can check out my
last video right there there's a collab
with Suzy it's annotation of a work on
your phone I'll put it in the
description you can check out my vlogs
right there and tomorrow's vlog you'll
hear me talk a whole lot about how I
pulled off this pretend things if you're
interested in that go subscribe to that
channel unless you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and I'm lucky to be there one
love superwoman that is a wrap end
c-suite TNT oh hello I cannot wait to
bust vine internet and look at this one
okay hello hello
