babe how's your damn you know I'm really
annoying about something else so I think
I'm gonna start a fight with you you
work too much cologne I feel like I got
pepper sprayed um honestly you just look
fat in that dress I'm not gonna lie to
you you know sometimes I think I'm like
not even that into you but then it's
like a lot of effort to break up you
know what I mean I'm gonna apologize
right now just because I want you to
shut up I might tell my friends
everything you're saying right now and
they're gonna validate how stupid you
are
this is the third time that I've had to
bring this up to you like I told ya Shh
I need to sub treat this hold on oh
that's so cute because my friends think
you're the stuck-up one and they all
make jokes about to our group text and
guess what hi lol oh yeah
your best friend hit on me before we
dated oh and last week mm-hmm don't
worry it's not about you you're such a
hypocrite
but it is so hard to tell you anything
cuz you're so hot okay I'm gonna be
honest I don't really remember exactly
what we're fighting about but that
doesn't mean that I'm not right you
might be right god damn it okay you know
what I can't cave now though so I'm just
gonna get mad and walk away oh my god
you are making such a good point I am so
annoyed wait wait what'd you say sorry I
wasn't listening to anything you said I
was thinking of a comeback say it again
I'm not listening to you I'm not
listening to you I'm not listening to
you
not listening to you seriously you're
changing again and you look exactly the
same it took two hours to look exactly
the same
I am so comparing you to my ex right now
okay I'm gonna pretend to be okay with
this cuz I don't wanna be that guy but
I'm really really upset no no no no babe
no listen it's not that I want to change
okay I just want to change the things
you do and say and believe very well can
you make sure you look really hot today
because my ex is gonna be there at all
these confusing feelings are gonna flood
that game like BAM thank you the only
reason I'm not verbal I think I'm a
tease because I want to get some later
and you know what that's not so babe I
didn't know what to get you so I got you
this generic necklace Hey yep
I just listened to Beyonce and now I see
okay this is what I'm talking about
that's why I bought you that height
Tuesday part okay how can I make this up
to you
I know how you can make it up to me but
I'm not gonna tell you I have to get
ready how about I just will buy you some
flowers and we'll call it even
okay flowers die every girl okay I'll
give you a massage tonight do not touch
me I will punch okay okay I am NOT gonna
forget you know I'll buy you both a yeah
that'll work
yes yeah I hope you enjoyed that video
thank you so much smooth master boom so
long overdue her hair
right now
Susan challenge we don't know who this
is like where you at and legend is who
the so don't check out his challenge and
check the link in the description I'll
put it there you've got it gotta go
subscribe to thank you always it's like
a unicorn
bareback I've gotta give someone a
really good shut up go okay I bet you
like Hannah now I had to come back
really quickly do you like huge each
other too artsy Kyla posted this picture
in my unicorn Island app hashtag that on
Friday I made it into a shirt and I'm
wearing it and I love it I'm gonna also
go to Instagram picture in it if you're
like you have like it's a woman to wear
my banner every Friday post your fine
art in the viewport I like out with a
hashtag fan on Friday I'm gonna figure
out work make a shirt out of it give you
a shout out I love the shirt so much
huger island ask is completely filled
thoughts but if I can't even talk it's
completely free for iPhone Android links
are in the description so check that out
down low ban on Friday and on Thursdays
and maybe oh shut up whoever had the
highest score
flappy unicorn so given all the
shoutouts get the app but go back to
school
how did you do that and I'm back I just
transform t-shirts and uh before I can
thrive with them if you liked this video
give it a big thumbs up you can check
out my last video it is right there the
link is also in the description you can
join all my vlogs right over there and
also make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday here we go one love superwoman
I can't ever do it that is a wrap and
told me how can I do it where my nose
will be near your chest put your head on
my back we're too much cologne I feel
like I got pepper spray pepper take I
hate getting pepper sprayed you know
sometimes I think I'm like not even that
into you but it's just a lot of effort
to break up you know what I mean I
totally know what you mean
so annoying hey baby what's your
password just do it yes we need to hide
no that's what that's the reason I have
a password on it like you don't tell me
your password I tell you like you don't
tell me what your basketball listen if I
ask you for your password you should
give to me because you have nothing to
hire but I can give you my password
because that means you don't trust me
you're making no sense right now what's
your password just tell me that tell me
your password then I do you like exactly
we are done I am unsubscribe audios
rights we're done and we are gonna
subscribe to me that subscription that I
just put back
