whatever one's a girl superwoman and if
you're watching this video one of two
things probably at number one you enjoy
my videos and you're excited to watch
this one number two clicked on them and
ended up here and now we're watching one
of my videos for the first time
hi welcome my name is Louie and I look
forward to your positive comment or your
read a comment either way thanks for
your time and effort speaking of
comments I get a lot of them in fact in
my lifetime I've gotten three million
seven hundred and forty six hundred by
hand and say that number three million
seven hundred forty six thousand four
hundred and forty nine comments wowzers
to give you some context that's about
half as many relationships I've failed
so I got that I think I'm qualified to
tell you what YouTube comments really
mean first I think I'm the first person
to watch this video when in reality I
probably like the 70th person to watch
this video I just didn't refresh my
screen yeah in a few seconds when I do
all of my dreams will be crushed
second you I have no idea with this
video of oh but asking for yup in
comments second because there is no way
I'm going to be third everyone comments
first so dumb do you want a cookie I'm
still pissed at you get first comment go
back to the kitchen and make new
sandwich I've never had a girlfriend and
I genuinely make poor life choices for
example right now and run socks with my
Crocs there's also a stain on my shirt
your terrorist
my brain is controlled by the media and
I'd like the accept information
now I'd love to stay and chat but I have
to forward this scary email to 70 people
in the next seven minutes or a ghost is
going to kill me wait
however 1000 likes but only 700 views
this is my first time on the internet I
can't believe I've already founders
glitch on you too honestly I thought the
internet was smart better call Google
and tell them from my mobile flip phone
gay I don't know how to use words
properly and they're probably jesting
that this video enjoyed sexual
intercourse with videos of the same sex
I love this video also I make my own
videos now really love if you gave me a
chance to check them out okay I'm gonna
rely to really watch this video okay but
I just gonna copy and paste this same
comment under a bunch of YouTube videos
because I'm an entrepreneur and I want
news also I'm going to make this comment
bold I ship them so badly okay I see two
people in the same video that may or may
not be compatible okay whatever okay bye
they're brother and sister whatever but
the idea of them taking to Instagram
pictures together how the babies excites
me they're quiet till all five to make
their life decision so get married don't
be selfish I want to the out of you last
night
I texted a girl and after the Netflix
and chill then she came over and we just
Netflix and chill
we watched the notebook and I'm really
frustrated about it you're not funny and
you suck and I hate you and you're dumb
and you're ugly I like run-on sentences
also I wish they would invent this
button on my internet window that looks
closed it you know so I don't have to
watch these videos against my wheel I
can totally relate this happens to me
all the time oh my god this internet
stranger understands me better than
anyone else in my life
I need to be their friend immediately I
wasn't particularly fond of this video
because of XYZ I'm gonna don't who has
an opinion chances are I dressed well
and when I invite people to my birthday
they come dumb I'm that person that
responds to text messages with Kay shut
up I don't understand how comments work
also I'm that person that's driving out
to turn down the volume because I'm
trying to read a three-time gold die if
Mufasa and the Joker had a baby it would
be me having said that I truly
appreciate all comments especially
supportive ones which is why I'm gonna
take some time right now and respond to
as many as I can so take a second and
comment below doo doo doo doo doo do do
it I mean if you want it's really your
choice and before you leave and carry on
with your life one second you're heading
down lower my ass yet y'all wanna
download my unicorn island app is free
for iPhone and Android I will convince
you what following reasons number one
there's an awesomesauce game in the app
called flappy unicorn and every week I'm
gonna shut up whoever has a high score
shoutouts to x-y rocks 2908 first four
of 1/16 and if I didn't say your
username correctly then leave a comment
number two there's something called fan
out Friday where people post your fan in
the app I will bring someone stand out
on t-shirt and word in a video number
three it's free why the f you do not all
the links to download the app in the
description or you can click that little
eye in the corner of your screen
thanks to technology if you enjoyed this
video make sure you get a big thumbs up
you can check out my last video right
there it's called why I am a cheap
person if you're on your phone and your
annotations don't work off the link in
the description you're not stuck on my
latest blog right there I can both every
single day so make sure you subscribe to
that second channel and make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday
going to be there I hope you're happy
and children and cool and okay one half
the Roman that is in rap
