where in the world is superwoman today
in NYC falafels over ice Big Apple New
York cheesecake number what everyone's
your girl superwoman and if you know me
in person you'll agree with me when I
say I'm a pretty cheap person and if you
don't know now you know straight up man
if life was a game of Monopoly I
wouldn't care about only all four roads
no no I'll just buy one bike and get
around that way and walk
don't confuse cheap with don't care
about money no I care about money I
enjoy making one how about not $200
every time I pass go in realize I have
to go through the month at the cha cha
slide over the edge of a shower back
here judging by your back now GG but
spending money and here's what expensive
things are annoying let's talk about
expensive restaurants first of all you
have to dress all fancy to go to an
expensive restaurant and that in itself
is annoying to me okay I'm here to eat
food not walk a runway and all the carbs
I'm about to eat are not gonna agree
with these skin tight G but yeah see I'm
trying to wear Spanx tonight don't kill
my vibe what up t-shirt reference
I opened the menu and it's gonna be
complicated as Apple camel be looking at
the station is gonna seem like it's
written in another language why does
fancy restaurant
never have a straightforward menu they
always want to confuse you looking at
this thing look what what is it waiter
what is this and the waiters gonna be
like oh yes ma'am those would be the
razor shredded potato verticals
you mean fries doctor why don't you just
think prize and forego this menu is made
by like a student that had to hand in a
five page essay but only have one page
worth of ideas so there's like adding in
words you know changing the font open up
the margins on top of that fancy
restaurants always have dim lighting
which is strange because you think with
all the money they would make they could
afford lights I'm squinting to read this
menu because it's so dark and they have
that one lead candle
in the middle of a talen like this panel
and doing nothing for nobody straight up
okay you know this can of this candle is
the light on roses light jacket in the
middle of the ocean in Titanic okay it's
not saving no but
and then the waiters gonna come to your
table and go on and on for five minutes
about the specials like today's special
is the flaming young ducks - quack
served with potato verticals and hint of
raspberry vinaigrette pumpkin seed
Brussels sprout broccoli roasted over a
nice maple oak fire with lemon grass and
blueberries and I'm sitting there like
that sounds horrible is this another at
the restaurant we want to do you two
smoothie challenge what the hell are you
talking about I'll take a veggie burger
with fries and a cold told the meanie on
all this stress we're fights about a $1
pack of crap dinner macaroni and cheese
I'll be at my home comfortable in my
track pants on my couch watching ballers
on HBO staring I'm Dwayne the rock
Johnson but instead I'm up in bel-air
trying to order onion rings for mother
effin Iron Chef mmm let's talk about
expensive hotels you'll check into an
expensive hotel in its minimum $200 a
night okay you walk into this nice fancy
Lobby go to front parking $40 you walk
into your room that looks like a normal
dad room okay
and you decide yo I'm a little bit
hungry so you order some food eight
dollar service charge for your $15
French time those fries made you thirsty
so you open your minibar and you take
this code that has seven dollars written
on it another example of esta arjan's
you sitting there you need some Wi-Fi so
you called a lot of you like I actually
get the levy and they're like okay now
be fourteen dollars per day for the
Bison and you already know you got
several devices now you need every
savings plan for this Wi-Fi like why am
I paying so much for a hotel room if you
won't charge me so much for everything
else
and I'm at some hotel if you have
sensors on items but you know like the
alcohol bottles like the polecats I
think if you just similar to move them
not even drink them just move them off
the sensor sorry I cannot be responsible
to the atmosphere okay what if there's
an earthquake let me pin $20 because of
plate tectonics
Noby know what you think you walk into a
cheaper hotel that's still clean but
doesn't have valet parking or a nice
Lobby free parking free Wi-Fi
don't vending machine on the fourth
drawer where you can buy your breakfast
lunch and dinner
they pick you up from the airport they
drop you back to the airport it's not
being in a relationship with someone who
knows they're not as hot as everybody
else okay they overcompensate and it's
great let's talk about you got to be so
careful with expensive things buy a new
phone for $800 going to keep the plastic
on that issue by a case where that issue
get warranty for that eh buy a $4,000
person you can't even put that ish
anywhere did you know once a girl yelled
at me because I could run expensive
purse on a clean carpet in my house fine
I just put my Gucci purse on the floor
Pride Rock up in my living room to hold
your purse off of it your purse is not
Simba also your baby sister sleeping on
the dirt over there she's fine
but that's nothing on the purse buy a
new car you got a white chair shoes
clean before you get into that car every
single time
can't eat or drink in your new car where
is it you had a cheaper car you would've
given up and things will be easier like
my car because my car is broke up okay
but me I mean sloppy joes okay driving
like do with that car without a tree on
my back I'm kidding I'm kidding I don't
need coffee Jose I'm a veteran but
everything else is true and I understand
sometimes money can buy convenient and
nice things and I appreciate that
sometimes I want that because sometimes
I do have expensive tastes but not when
it's my money if it's my money I'm all
like okay
our uber X will be here in three minutes
hey I'll take an economy seat and
whatever standby plate you have five
stock or worse that's 132 our journey
one hundred dollars to Brooks Irene
and some of that a walk an extra officer
and not alerted welcome but when I come
and you've been from I I'm gonna need
you to pick me up in an uber lux yeah
I'm gonna need a first-class ticket
please and you know in fact a little bit
you know I don't things in the best
interest of my body and well-being to
stretch and put my backpack TVs overhead
compartment
how many twosies yeah can I get four
sides of wall please circle I know that
pocket next row can I get another
sandwich in fact you know but can you
get a sandwich for my sandwich it looks
hungry and because I don't like
expensive things you know what I do love
free things speaking of free things have
you downloaded my app yet debt Segway
dough no but for real you've got a
download my app unicorn island is
completely free for iPhone and Android
because it's been totally revamped it
has a game when it got flappy unicorn it
is the best thing also I born follows
freeze like every single day also every
Friday I'm gonna take one piece of fan
art posted in the app printed on a
t-shirt and where's in that video also
every Monday I'm gonna give a shout-out
in my video to the person of the highest
score in flappy unicorn what isn't many
other reasons including hi can you
please download my app you should
download my app the links are in the
description I'll wait here patiently as
you go ahead and do that if you like
this video please give a big thumbs up
and comment below letting you know
you're cheap or if you're not cheap
either way has to live you you can check
out my last video right there it is a
collaboration with Shay Mitchell on our
single girl discuss relationships it's
been doing really well so I guess you
like it if you're on a phone and cat6
annotation I'll also put a link in the
description you can check out my last
blog right there subscribe to that
channel cuz I'm almost had a million
subscribers and that would be awesome to
pull out the purple on doesn't that much
you subscribe because I do make new
videos every month
and Thursday L about nothing more than
the univer here one love superwoman that
is a wrap and
