hi how are you I'm good thanks for
asking
um I'm a New York right now everything's
a little bit crazy right now so bear
with me be patient or something I'm
awesome asked to go in life but first
I'm gonna get my hair out of my food
okay wait let me check if this is
working as per usual can you hear me can
you see me are all these things working
and functioning because I'm watching
what you're watching right now
announcing nothing so fine damn it oh
how do i internet oh okay okay okay give
me a few minutes you know I'm gonna have
to go through this thing every single
time something happening over here after
this ad happening let me just wait for
it to finish
can you see my face yes yes you wanna
say yes yes you can awesome amazing
amazing wonderful okay hi my name is
Lilly Singh aka superwoman aka your best
friend or maybe you don't like me that's
cool too I'm in New York for New York
Fashion Week I'm doing a whole bunch of
awesome stuff I've had a hectic crazy
last few days I've literally flown
across the world from Australia to
Toronto to New York on very little sleep
um I have shoots all day today but I've
had this I had this one and a half hour
gap in my day right now which I'm
choosing to ask people alive and so
forgive me if I'm a bit frazzled I
usually do an hour and half to make
millions an hour because I have to get
ready for my next shoot but I thought
that was better than not doing it at all
and I just want before I start anything
I want you guys know the ask to go live
this stuff that we do like whether it's
ask super with live or like UAE's or
like teen super family time it's really
important to me you I really hate
missing it so I just want to unwind with
my friends have a good time next hour
I'll be answering your questions and you
shoutouts telling you amazing things I
hope you don't mind our almost with
eating because it's the only lunch break
I really have today and if I don't leave
now that I will just starve so I'm
leaving eating falafels Rice's New York
Street food um and it's cold so now that
you've seen that I look like a normal
human being I'm gonna uglify myself I'm
going to try it my hair cuz wheeze
friends and I don't need to impress you
no more all right here we go
nine-year-old boy amazing Ram was a
little bit cold and put this robot so
now that we've got uncomfortable I
encourage you to do the exact same thing
go get comfortable put on something warm
and fuzzy grab some food grab a drink
grab someone you love I'm right here Hey
and let's just chill out for an hour cuz
this is all I want to do right now also
let's grow the party tweet Facebook
snapchat MySpace whatever you need to do
to get this stream out there um
youtube.com slash aya super my eye you
could take the link right there who is
messaging me
yeah or the link is right there please
share it do your thing and let's get
people up in here why are so many people
messaging me right now okay let's do it
as super with love yeah if you want to
interact with me tweet me all
informations right there
use the hashtag axel alive on Twitter
LED shout outs answer your questions all
the acts dude mmm
yeah let's start let us commence
commence on Twitter say anything tell me
where you are telling your name tell me
I just want to know I just want to know
everything about you
I wanna know okay if you had to do 100
sit-ups for a lifetime supply of popcorn
would you do it says rich uh yes yes I
would I would do sit-ups while eating
popcorn come on
I also never workouts I don't know if
I'd survive 100 sit-ups but do your best
Miranda impression wait you got to use
the hashtag ask superwoman lot you got
to use a hashtag a Samoan King you're
going are you kidding me okay um
typical fangirl asks how's your day
going Will's it's going good
this morning I woke up after not that
much sleep um and I went to a shoot
after no I went around New York Fashion
Week so when did Jeremy Scotts show
which was dope I'm not too heavily into
fashion like I don't watch about it but
I know about Jeremy Scott and okay my
phone is put on silent right now because
people be interrupting my ass suburban
life family time and I can't have that
right now because all I want is talk to
y'all okay this is a problem for me all
right
a good day to take it there okay um I'm
not too much into fashion with Jamie
Scott I really like as you know those
gold shoes I wear on a trip to unicorn
Island Tork show or Jeremy Scott so I
went to his fashion show
so dope Rita Ora was there Tyga was
there it was so so cool and as I learned
that fashion is like this whole world
that's like so intense that I know
nothing about it it's so crazy so I did
that and then I shot some stuff with
complex in here with complex magazine if
you've never heard them they're like a
really cool hip-hop magazine um now I
had a little bit of break and then after
this I'm like sneaker shopping with
complex which is really dope as well I'm
excited and tired and then when I come
home after that I'm gonna make a super
Monday video so thanks for your patience
in advance but yeah there's 2000 you
watching I tied my hair commercial
inside inserting there's two thousand of
you watching thank you so much I got a
lot of really exciting things to tell
you so I'm gonna start telling you some
of those things right now if you don't
know let me just tell you you know I
have a unicorn I love that right unicorn
Island app it got totally revamped and
relaunched yesterday if you don't know
what I mean let me show you real quick
and I'm not just plugging this because
it's my app I'm plugging it because
awesome this is a unicorn island map
right there okay a new game called
flappy unicorn was released in the app
so this is the app okay is your home
feed you can scroll through I follow I
think actually more than any other
platform I followed most run people on
this because my own app I don't care
I'll follow follow so I think this is
the best way to interact me if you care
about that if you don't that's cool but
the best way to interact with me is
probably this app it's totally free it's
for iPhone and Android the links in the
description but what I want to show you
is look at this new gallery like I
really like this gallery it's called
what's in the combo okay and so we can
see my vlogs fan art um funny stuff
inspirational stuff super smiles when we
post selfies of our smiles you know
Chrome the week gaming what am i focus
on right now is gaming this game had me
up all night because it's so hard and as
some of y'all are screenshot in your
high score it it's like 50 something I
can't can't mess one I'm being on I
can't get past one let me show you this
real quick because I I can't just I
can't I just can't hold on
oh it stresses me it stresses me okay
hold on how do I go here okay ready when
I don't know how to use my own app okay
this is it it's really cute though this
is it this flappy unicorn okay that
music please start start I don't which I
doing backward but you got it every bag
left what I can't get past one anyway
you gave in my app and I'm giving this
is the new exciting things I'm doing
it's a really freaking cool I think
you'll like it
basically every Thursday I'm gonna have
a shout-out in my main channel video to
whoever has the highest score now
there's no leaderboard right now we're
working on that but all you gotta do is
post a screenshot of your score in the
app and use the hashtag slap unicorn
flak hashtag high score so two hashtags
and where as a highest score every
Thursday I'm gonna give you a shout-out
at the end of my main channel videos
that's one cool things happening another
thing I'm introducing is fan art Friday
there's a few posts to post your
phantosaur I can't speak today if you
post your fan or in the app use the
hashtag fan art Friday every Friday I'll
pick my favorite one I will print it
onto a shirt and wear it at the end of
my Monday video so I'm doing this
promotional stuff for the next 30 days
I'm trying to get people into the app
and get them excited and if you like the
ideas maybe I'll continue doing them for
like ever but those are two things I'm
doing a super cool spread the world the
app is free it's dope link is in the
description for iOS app for iPhone and
Android so go download that now ya know
great amazing if you like those ideas
let me know shoot me and let me know let
me take a quick bite of my falafel over
rice
I'll wear let's go to some questions
Kevin asked what power would you have
teleportation invisibility probably a
teleport invisibility I gotta tell you
why that stresses me because then I'd be
around people and they would know I'm
there and I would have to hear so many
negative things being said about me and
everybody not about that but if I could
be honest that which is one superpower I
think about this at least once a day I
would choose the ability to freeze time
I could you know once a day I'm like oh
my god I wish I could freeze time right
now until 5:00 on up I really wish I
could step out oh that's the superpower
trick
keep going use ash I ask superwoman live
I'm really weird today I'm weird today
also take me letting me know like what
did you do today how are you how are you
feeling you good I'm also going to tell
you how to win up the first shout out of
the three shadows I give momentarily um
have you ever put parmesan on your
popcorn ask Sophia
I like white cheddar popcorn and all
that might not be parmesan but it's
really dull but I got smart food popcorn
I realize that mmm YUM me me me me me
three thousand people watching oh I love
it
okay let's go back to Twitter okay
you guys like the idea of getting on to
this you guys we like the ideas that's
dope dope
can you curl your tongue last Julia I
don't know is that what you mean or do
you mean like that other weird way if
it's the other way where that no I can't
I can do this I make it look like my
tongue is turning if that looked like
anything I was sure um when does the ATT
UI movie come out I can't wait for it
asks Lamar loves Lilly um thank you I
love you too I don't have a release date
let me tell you when the movie will come
up my movie will come up when the movie
is perfect when the movie is perfect the
movie will come up and then and only
then will come up because it is so much
part of
part it has to be exactly what I want it
to be or I can come up to blow that um
would you rather spend a day with Selena
or Duane who asked curly radius and
that's a stressful question that
question stresses me um I met Dwayne
twice now and he's probably the most
wonderful person I've ever met in my
life
but because I've never met Selena Gomez
I would love to meet her but ultimately
the person that I think I idolized the
most in the world is doing so take from
that what you will and what do you think
what your face all over New York asks as
read yes let's talk about that I just
got out of my hotel and look down the
street and my face was on this huge
building basically if you haven't heard
yet I am so blessed and honored to be
part of YouTube's marketing campaign in
which there's huge billboards of my face
in New York LA Sydney Australia in
Melbourne like bus shelters um subway
stations there's a Boston New York's
like two buses that the whole bus is my
face it's so crazy and it's so wonderful
and you've been seeing my ads on YouTube
and on TV and stuff and it's so great
shout outs to YouTube for like believing
in me and letting me be part of that
it's really crazy I'm gonna bring my
whole family to New York at the end of
the month to come and check it out but
like my face and when do you think
button these are painted at the side is
huge building in Union Square in
Manhattan and it's crazy it's so crazy
and I didn't know it's such a big
compliment a super so it's insane that's
all I've say about that um Rebecca you
hurt your hand I'm sorry my love okay
someone just asked someone that clear
doesn't know me well said would you
prefer heat or coldness what heat over
cold I hate being cold I'm not about
people na nananana okay
there's thirty three hundred watching
them right now and I'm also sorry I
didn't give you that much notice about
what time asks if um life is starting
I really didn't I was at my thinking
like hey what do you think we'll wrap
what do you think laughs right yeah okay
okay so for six o'clock is gonna be like
it was a really I'm sorry I know I've
been really busy recently that's not an
excuse to not do things but I just think
it's better to maybe do some late and
shorter than not doing
on that note let's talk about something
okay let's talk about something serious
thing we're talking right now I know I
know
I'm not ignoring you I'm not ignoring
the fact that I did not do a 400th video
I understand you don't understand
distress okay
I hit my fourth video while I was in
Australia tired to that my life was
chaos um with all this YouTube marketing
campaign stuff going on New York Fashion
Week going on all these things that I
have to do but and also want to do my
life has been a little bit chaotic so
I've tried my best to keep up with
videos you know I haven't really missed
a video recently um and I'm trying
really hard to keep up on my snapchat my
vlogs all stuff if you recall last time
when I had my 300 video I do t-shirt
wrap I've done one for 123 or if you
could call the vlogs from that that
video is so hard to do it takes days and
days and hours and hours and hours and
no sleep I essentially have to wear
every t-shirt I own shoot a video right
it's extremely difficult to do I'm not
saying I'm not going to do it I usually
do what I would have done I want to hit
my 400 video I suppose in Australia and
have any of my shirts on me and if any
of my clothes there's no physical way I
could've done it um and I understand
it's not cool anymore because if I
posted now it'll be passed by for the
video but I might do something random
like I still have every intention to do
it and I really hope I can make time to
do it because I like that video I think
you all like that video in to be honest
it never even get that many views it's
not about views I just think it's
something cool and like a milestone that
we reach I'm gonna try be something
random like maybe what I was thinking
instead of 400 video a four one six
video which is IV i v-i as you know and
it could be my fourth 16th video I'm
playing around with a few ideas it's
gonna come thank you for your patience I
didn't forget don't think I like totally
just ignored it not the case
it literally burned my soul to not do it
video but having said that the climate
is a shame my job seems to be a huge hit
everyone seems to love it I love Shay so
hopefully you're still liking my videos
at the end of the day show me okay
there's thirty seven hundred you
watching right now I freakin love you
all let's keep doing this first one
together when the first shout out AB
notes as you can see the first shutter
alright I got it
you're gonna need the unicorn I'll adapt
so before you do anything download the
app it is free I'm asking you to do a
free thing download the app and I'll
give you two minutes to do that because
how you gonna win the first shout out is
gonna be in the app through the app go
do that any meantime I'm gonna combine
my falafel Bryce yeah I love about you
for those new shoes so this is one thing
back a stubborn life and I'm not talking
about I'm being totally honest when I
say this because if I was lying I just
wouldn't say it I just wouldn't say what
I'm about to say
I believe that team super and by the way
if I ever call you my fans don't be
offended by that I believe you were my
friends and my my friends and my fans
but I don't think the word fan is
offensive like I'm a fan of a lot of you
when I mean a lot of you in person like
yo for example I just met I I swear I I
Renisha I believe her name was
I know Beverly I don't know no Bev visit
me hyperventilating right now I know a
Russia I believe I don't know a lot of
you that had these fan accounts and you
do really cool things and yes I'm gonna
watch that tape super video as well and
you guys do such cool thing so what I
meet you I'm also like you I'm a fan so
when I was sitting with fan I don't mean
offensively like you're below me I just
like genuinely appreciate your work and
I think you appreciate mine so you're my
fans and my friends just to get that out
there but I believe my fans / Bryan Safi
team super is like super unique and I'm
not just saying this to be like stupid
and talk crap because again I could just
not say it a lot of times when I speak
to other Creators and they tell me
things I have a relate to what they're
saying like sometimes like okay that you
know my doors get really upset if I
don't like post a video like they start
hating I'm like my
don't if anything when I don't post a
video team supers like yo honestly it's
okay you need rest and care about you
more and I'm just like thanks but that's
really cool and like you're so
supportive and what I think that's one
thing that's really unique about you
super is that because I believe in such
love and unity and you believe that love
and you really like that just really
transcends and everything we do and I
went to so many events I said this where
I've been to so many events where
people's fan numbers they're not taking
away from them up in a bit like
disrupting people always come up to me
at events and say your fans are so well
behaved and I'm like that's because
they're unicorns
they're wonderful unicorn so props to
all of you you make me so proud every
single day and it's so awesome
they're all 30 I'm sorry I'm just like
hiccupping all 300 of you you bomb
um so yeah that's just something I want
to tell you okay now that you have the
app I want you to open flappy unicorn
basically go to the home sing the home
icon click flappy unicorn it should be
coming up across the set and it is not
there just scroll through like that okay
and you can see the game there it's
right there okay click the game play the
game tweet me your high score tweet me
your high score off that game and then
what I want you to do my teacher right
now once you do that pay attention now
this is important you see this plus I'm
a teacher something right now click the
plus ok to ask you what you want to post
go to image I want you to post the image
of your high score using the hashtag
flappy unicorn and the hashtag high
score in the app then final step I want
you to sweat it asks you a publishing
connected to your Twitter I'm gonna be
on my Twitter okay and I'm gonna search
the hashtag flappy unicorn high score
right now okay when I see someone's high
score the first person has 4 C or random
what I see I'm gonna give them a
shout-out go go go you follow what I
said app play the game screenshot your
high score post your high score in the
app connected to your Twitter
a lot of instructions there is not for
the weak I'm gonna find taping to meet a
nice dude good are you doing it are you
doing it
no just play once I know you gonna be
attempted to play many times you only
get to play once and send me the key job
I'm expecting a lot of zeros ready
mmm here we go hashtag flap the unicorn
two separate hashtags flappy unicorn and
high score in live okay we go
Beverly s-series asked what's above my
left eyebrow well let me tell you this
is my scar I got when I was a kid you
can only see it sometimes not all the
time
screener Gomez on the same one whatever
small detail okay so okay no no you
gotta send me a screenshot all these
people be sending me their numbers long
ago this was not out pics or it didn't
happen I pics or it didn't happen here
we go alright I got a winner
I've got a winner write your name write
your name across ha ha that's your name
what absolutely Gomez reference speaking
of Selena Gomez one second you just
write this shout out when I wear my
eyewear okay I'm writing your name I
really hope it shows up okay I'll just
pen is so cool um new Lulu I'm really
weird today actually to be honest I'm
with like this every day I just kind of
turn it down for you guys um I'm super
foreign word okay the person who won the
first shout-out are you ready
Selena most any I hope I'm saying that
right thank you so much if you missed
that don't worry at this last room is
done you can pause rewind screenshot do
whatever you'd like
thank you so much for playing flappy
unicorn your high school was 16
that's not even a fair or humanly
possible because I have literally spent
all night at a can't get past the first
one I can't I can't I don't know do
thank you so much
I got too much else to give so if you
didn't win don't be stressed because I
would love nothing more than to write
your name on my heart and this piece of
paper and give you a little yeah I mean
yeah I mean okay amazing let's move
oh I've only gone off the hook right now
okay sweet sorry I have so many things
going on my computer right now dad hmm
okay mmm okay you back on to Twitter you
guys think that I'm normal I'm good
weirdest person even if I wasn't
streaming out to the city you're like
wow my like I'm so even Sara tells me
all times that you're so weird
it's so weird speaking of Sara let me
see if she's free to come say hi to all
of you uh you in hotel come say hi to
five three
okay let's go back on Twitter and your
questions
use the hashtag ask Superman Lyme there
is 4400 of you holy crap 4400 of you
thank you so much um she would snap chat
together let's not chat together hol up
smile yo what's up what are you doing
nothing I'm just chilling with all of my
wonderful peeps on ask sue Roman lad
there's a wonderful beautiful you I feel
as super like this technology huh good
good they're your goats I'm a snapchat
you are all part of my snapchat now
memories here gonna be my blog as well
as well yo will stop a minimal ask
superwoman lab look at all of you
beauties all you beauties here and all
the asking live that's happening it's
going great and something wonderful and
I just movie eating your whole thing
amazing by the way can I tell you that I
have learned some tips and tricks on
live streaming so this next ask Superman
live um in October hopefully depending
where I am it should be way different I
also have been thinking to do a few
supplies live streams
I'm gonna just drop a little hint so
drop a hint not confirmed but I think
I've discovered a way from Angie that
bottom sheet to do my parents react live
that's right live I mean like a well
produced live show just like this where
you can watch live I think I want to do
many more streams like that like I'll
still have a fourteenth of everyone
asked superb live but in between I might
throw some like surprise little things
yeah I mean would you like that let me
know let me know if you'd like that let
me know all right go asking questions ah
ah ah okay and would you dye your hair
blue
what would you dye your hair what color
raven Jesse Jackson uh I've never done
better in my life I'm a little bit
scared to do anything with my hair I'm a
little pansy and I could get any colors
like I'd want like pink hair that's rad
I'm down with pink hair um someone else
asked opiate use the ash like ask Simone
life gotta use the hashtag man you gotta
use your hashtag yes that is my text
tones
you heard her correct I am a huge nerd
swag is coming um all right what else
you got here backpack black I have that
another little bit how excited are you
about the new unicorn emoji asks a
wittle wittle I'm so excited how do I
get this we have to update my phone
without diseases it out tell me how do I
obtain this I put the first time I use
the unicorn emoji will be like
monumental it'll be a monumental moment
yeah I'm saying I feel like oh my god
huh and you get tattooed on my forehead
okay what we got next
would you come to Belgium one day asks
directioner and 5's 5sos
I would love to come to Belgium any all
your chocolate I would love nothing more
if you invite me that is Lyndsey loves
Lily asks who's more fun to be mangy
that bottom she's more fun to be putting
those are real people what do you mean
fun to be why
um okay would choose what's your
favorite song right now asks Kavita
loves Louie um let me - my favorite song
right now is wild
by Taylor Swift and what do you mean by
Justin Bieber um what do you mean tintin
tintin tintin eight and like I just love
Taylor stuff so also I know Selena
dropping new songs I'm just and it's
soon to be my favorite Jam of life um
okay what else what scares you more than
spiders but asks you through um
unhappiness scares me a lot being
unhappy that scares me more than
anything else the world and okey-dokey
what's your favorite day of the week
asks YouTube fan you know what I'm in
balance with you I don't have one I used
to in school my favorite a three weeks
we like Friday obviously or Saturday but
since having this career all the days
like I don't have weekends or weekdays I
work every single day and I have a
schedule and so I don't really have that
feeling of like oh it's Friday it's the
weekend my life doesn't have that type
of regimen so I don't really know what
date is ever I guess sounds like Mondays
and Thursdays because I get to make
videos for y'all I guess um is that
favorite day okay um what famous person
would you choose as your bestie as a kid
rather than other than single men to the
rock asks a goddess journey you know
what mother assessments as of recently
uh Cara Delevigne I want to be your
friend
I think she's rad SF and I want to be
friend also yesterday I met Lady Gaga's
designer who designed like her meet
dress and other dresses and he's so cool
Nichola for Miss Eddie from a chedi he's
so dope I met him yesterday we came
Twitter friends and he's really cool I
bring him up just because I said rad as
f & rad us f reminded me other um cool
what else what else what else what else
Louise says I feel sad by don't know why
well you know what we all have those
moments and it's okay
and who does well and I hope for my
smile you oh I'll give you a gentle
smile okay let's just look each other
Louise look at me polka my eyes
everybody else is feeling sad or even
feel happy to come eyes I'm not gonna
smile because I have to his camera I
want to smile because I'm genuinely
gonna smile watch I have a blank face
right when I think of things that make
me happy okay I got it I'm telling story
the first show of a trip to unicorn
Island was in Mumbai I was so nervous
and outside the stage and I remember
just hearing the audience chanting and I
remember hearing that chant and think
about all the work I did I remember
signing side stage I'm just gonna think
about how it sounded and it was just
like it was really dope it's really
really really go and so you now think of
a moment close your eyes and think I'm a
moment were you really happy whether it
was like your parents with your friends
it's really been genuinely happy and
genuine this one you see is not that
hard we not get hard but sometimes it's
really hard but is but it's okay okay
moving on let's give another shout out
of it this is what we gonna do
let's make it on Instagram this time
when I got in scam I'll make it easier
for you you already took a screenshot of
your high score
let's go from there you took a
screenshot of your high score now I want
you to post the high score on instagram
tag me iisuperwomanii use the hashtag
flappy unicorn and the hashtag high
score and I will pick someone um and
again it doesn't matter it have a high
school I don't give you have zeros just
tag me I'll pick someone do that right
now I'm gonna give you three minutes to
do that
instagram has or Instagram your score
hashtag high score hashtag flappy
unicorn
tag VIII super nyah go do it do it okay
um a Russia my girl asks would you ever
FaceTime us again during ask to go like
okay this is the situation with this I
tried that once and what horribly wrong
because what happens I
to get an email address that people I
faced ten people with but then people
will give me their face times and not
answer when I call them so look a lot of
times looks just like me 20 minutes me
trying to reach someone and then when
they do answer they'll post a picture or
their do something and tell everyone the
email address and then while I'm trying
to FaceTime on people they'll keep
calling back or I'll show you my face
timing like email apps gets out and then
people keep calling so it's become an
issue where I don't know how to do it
without it failing miserably so I'm
trying to figure out a way to do it and
when I figured out that's and I'll do
FaceTime again okay okay but your
favorite emoji asks Lotus I really like
this one or this one those are my two
things I ease but I mean this is
speaking prior to me experiencing the
unicorn emoji because I'm sure that will
come an instant favorite also my nail is
breaking god damn also I did my nails
hey what's your favorite pizza topping
ask forever team Twilight I like
mushrooms hold on the stranger at my
door there's a stranger at four it's a
wild swag and rubs it so justice white
it's a wild like oh my god maybe you
look like me okay guys I think
spikey-wikey is dressing like me fYI
there's a second a Tyrone she's just
like me how just putting it out there
just putting it out there
whatever just saying what says I know
why do you open this present why does
this feel like a rice bowl I reckon it's
nothing is not a rescue like yours
alright so cars cover old-timer stuff
what is this why do we have the same
thing if you're given full of clover
right I did nothing wrong where'd you
get this on the street it is from the
street now we have to pull out Paloma
right
means I'm what you don't want to know
proud of you for doing a thing obviously
14 no no no oxygen agenda in photo right
no I'm not I was gonna say I was found
on the next time I had this way to do
cool but this is normal one
oh all right this is way next day you
can save her but asks like some
questions tweet me some questions for
swag she's a huge weirdo so ask her some
intense questions come stop stripping on
my livestream sorry um okay sweet so
what's going on where have you been
asking where they're asking some cool
questions already gave away one shadow
and second shadow is coming well and one
minute you've one minute left to post
you inspector okay how do I not force
what are you looking for okay so yes you
can pick someone so on Instagram you are
going to go here you can go through mine
cuz they'll type in it let you know
lubos oh you can just hash tag I'm dead
dad promote oh you can just hash the
city hashtag flappy unicorn oh okay yeah
actually go through the ones that
attacked me so they got be unicorn high
score and it doesn't have necessarily be
the person has the highest score but
just a picture this is pretty impressive
seven what's the highest score today do
I see someone that had like 70 something
no wow wow so to me you know the present
to me one that's witchcraft whoever did
this you're a witch we're on dude okay
here you give the person shadow a be in
this nature Abbey is this Photoshop I
get using Photoshop it'll be hard to
photoshop that though right girl yeah I
think so stop getting ideas well these
are only super super super okay you keep
some when I set up victim I'm gonna
shatter like that and hold it up so like
so we did you and like I said when
you're Fashion Week and we are here
until Wednesday and then we're flying to
LA or distri me speaking of the streamys
uh as you know we're nominated for two
categories one is fan-voted
and all y'all have been treating me like
why don't you plug in this tree means
yet again so this is me plugging the
streamers you can go up to a hundred
times a day
use the hashtag streamys hashtag super
omen and say vote so I vote for Superman
hashtag streamys works it all works and
stuff let's win
I mean I can say it you might want a
little it away
she woke it you already know my take on
this of course winning would be great
but it's not how we measure success but
but it would be great and cool and
awesome but it's it's great that were
nominated also today is the show i sell
candy Johnson and we hung go today was
done yeah we hung out today was talk
about the Jamie Scott Joe Mason love
candy yeah Candy's gorgeous are we cool
with you people shots don't have us
since we're cool whatever you want okay
yes I like that one okay great we're
gonna give you a Shara and then I'll
tell you how to win one more shout out
as condition and other the handle you
include the handle oh my god and spikes
writings way nicer than mine also
alright I'm the lead time yeah me a
picture for you so oh oh and you get a
picture
holy crap okay what's your favorite
thing about the fall asks Astro kicks
um I'm not a huge fan of fall because
it's not someone and it's not hot but I
really like the changing leaves
obviously that's very pretty
especially where I live in Toronto it's
a canary full of trees so it's really
really pretty
alright so the first time on this shut
up okay the person who won this data is
am on I'm on um you also get an
advertisement at the bottom of your
shout out that's us follow spike on
Instagram so glad we're gonna pose
switch switch if you missed it already
compose your wine app is live stream is
up thank you so much for playing and if
you didn't win why you trippin why you
trippin I got one more shuttle to give
away I'm still here for 22 more minutes
like I said this livestream only get
Allen on Allen haff because mama got mad
yes to do speaking of what time speaking
of it'll be done at 7:00 so if you have
things to do then you can do them and I
will be free at 7:00 but then I have
will be soon a person that's not the
time what time we learned like 7:30 ish
70ish okay we're going to sneaker
shopping cuz that's what I need more of
I knew more sneakers hahaha no more
clothes
no more thing I know I'm a mess okay
more question likewise cherry to get to
Twitter we sing on Instagram for what
questions yeah yeah Twitter you can read
some up there I'll beat some up here
I actually I see you two booming what
was the last movie watch it was really
good a suburban live losing our basket
we're gonna say the same answer movie
use obviously I was really good ready
one two three inside out I was like
where's she going with this look at me
watch with the plane yeah go inside now
we're both huge internal advocates for
sure a great freakin movie so guys go
what was your also train wreck was
really good what emotion were you in
inside out do you think okay I would
like to believe I was happy and I know
nothing away joy yes or joy and I'll
tell you why if that scene where she
tries to keep sadness in the circle
that's me that is me trying to go home
no I don't want any sadness get away
from everybody that's me okay I don't
know how to deal with that negative
emotion sometimes yeah so that's I think
I'm do what are you I think I'm
disgusting I can't do that I want to be
joy but I think I've discussed I could
do this I can like the real like therapy
via livestream for me right now
Oh somebody else told me their disgust
and make me feel bad yeah tell us if
you've seen inside out tweet us letting
us know what character you think you are
I think the anger character is really
funny though
in the movie yeah I weigh anchor yeah um
okay and other questions we got use the
hashtag ask superwoman lame hey I got a
question what's the question
spike how do you deal with Lily on a
daily basis with the immense joy joy is
the answer Louis is very easy to work
with
that's the truth okay if I tell you the
truth I am pretty easy to work with but
I'm not easy to work with in one way is
that I'm extremely like driven and I
think that can be a flaw sometimes no
you expect greatness from everyone
that's true I do expect uber amounts of
radians or every times people just do
not want to work as hard as you want
them to work that's that's the issue
other than that so what do race faces
Bisbee aka everyone should be like me
and it's a sparse rating women screen
grab this face right now
okay um what's your favorite it's like
speaking of which can bring my food back
here is really delicious is it from this
I'm telling you
falafel over rice she don't eat street
food by the way I just said that Burch
well you need to do it well go boom
um my favorite kid I really like sushi
Willie yeah we're all 4747 hundred of
you watching tweet us what your bigger
Buddhists use a hashtag a swim like
doing them also
hashtag stream use hashtag Lily to it
just what we're on a hashtag kick with
my as well this plug
hashtag streamys hashtag superwoman
hashtag vote
hashtag app don't even buy anything
becerril hashtags Christmas magic God
isn't it in it crazy if you could be on
any TV show what would it be a stage oh
I know I want to be on Game of Thrones I
would be on Ghost Adventures
we goes that's Gary you're scary that's
relax but either game of stones are like
like new girl that me sick over there
Gary ballers what ballers obviously oh
oh
ballers is an awesome soup which exactly
mean doing offends we're done haha
amazing I love ballers I think it's
great
have you had any paranormal experiences
as secret s you know what no but I'm
dying to have one pundit test are you
why why am i killing this life I got
your phone and I got the killings last
week mine is one that you didn't nd then
I'm stopping right now um I have I had
an eternal mistress's room no not ones
that couldn't be explained all the ones
I've had is like oh this is a much more
rational explanation for why this
happened but um I've had some very scary
dream experiences and I told the story
before we're like 2 years ago I suffer
from sleep paralysis and that was the
closest I've had to like Hey
yeah it's scary we'll talk about that
later um okay oh that's
all what are you going to be for
Halloween asks Mary Lou anything about
this should we do enjoy costume Oh
probably be together my only friend is
my manager why does my life I never
liked it's not to be lonely I'd like I
am deeply your exit I know we leave
you know what catches my Halloween I'm
suggesting scary but that's not the
thing to do I was like oh maybe I'm a
kitten and they're like all sexy crap I
don't like that stuff
I like to actually be like scary see
like you're scary I can't believe it
more like witty at least you know any
funny like a funny costumes what here I
was a skeleton and that was kind of cool
just do cool makeup true it was really
cool like a huge stark smoky eye black
lips it was cool
I was Sindel two years ago from Mortal
Kombat and that was oh that's toe that
was dope I'm not gonna be in the home oh
I know what I wanna be I wanna be
Khaleesi from Game of Thrones oh it
would love to see you right way that's
happening it's happening happening
amazing okay let me tell you how to last
shout out it is going to you going on
Facebook on Facebook on such a super
nice Coco via quickly I've done that go
go go go go go go so go to facebook.com
slash I suppose I go there now and I'm
gonna teach you how to win the last
shoutout Dandan and in it and in it I'm
trapping right now click shake whoops
she - why and go basically the club
you all loved so much myself and Shane
Mitchell called how single girls discuss
relationships I just posted and I put
click Share to an alive shutter and go I
gotta do is click share on that post and
comment thing done and I'm gonna pick
one of you and you shut up can we do
another question we can another
festivity birthday plan okay since been
asking me about my birthday plans and
took them too busy to do anything for
our birthday also I usually do a house
party but I've come to the point now
look I don't want to inconvenience my
family again this year they don't mind
but it's like I have to invite so many
people and I get a bit like paranoid
sometimes but in some people's
so I don't know I usually do a graphic
t-shirt party where everyone wears it's
very strict and have to attract fans and
have to work around the teacher you can
all wear heels if you wear skirt or
jeans or heels you are not admitted into
the bar because it's only trash bags and
grab a t-shirt but I don't know I'm
still deciding what it was area I'm
Brandon I know very very I'm Brent also
I saw a bit of my painting today in New
York dude I did it was crazy we have to
go together I know something it was
insane it's very big you're in New York
please send me a picture of it using a
fake champion well accidentally real
life but I just love seeing when people
are let's seize always I didn't know
it's supported swipe what was your pose
a good question same person that asked
the birthday clowns question team super
Miami
what was your proudest moment of super
oh really tell us about it for sure we
were in Mumbai and I hadn't seen the
show at all I just heard about all of
the issues around the show and then to
like see her get up and perform in front
of like a huge audience with the
costumes this music and calm it was just
I was very proud I was shocked I didn't
even know what to expect
like I remember planning it but I think
it's actually gonna happen that way and
then I like all happens exactly I mean
it wasn't even exactly it was like much
bigger than I thought it was gonna be
that's great I was really proud fun fact
um the stand-up comedy segments of my
show I never practicing funny right
so when we actually run throughs every
time we come to that mic no mystery am i
doing it and then the first time anyone
ever saw it was the percent forum which
was a tech nightmare I was like what are
the cues what is she gonna be done with
this bit we're like nobody knows but I'm
great
and then munchies so spike loves Minji
she's in love I am when Jesus told me
that every time he's on stage PC swag
I've assigned the veggie gistic I think
I feel like Seadrill he must love me too
I know he's always talked about for Mama
uh-huh correct correct
um right what next what next day name in
it when am i coming to Guyana ask
latisha I wish and come to Ghana it's
like one of the places on my bucket list
as his Trinidad working on both of those
try and trust me she can vouch for that
yeah screw you every day okay this is a
really intense question ask Mohammed
what would you want waiting on your
tombstone Mohammed well I would get
cremated so I wouldn't have a tombstone
I think I would do actually yeah yeah I
just don't want any bugs to touch my
corpse you know to me I don't want any
spiders to media I just don't want any
spiders
it's a gold now she's dead now we can
get it look I just don't want that time
all this time exactly exactly exactly
um so I'm not I'm not about this but if
I had to pick anything of called be
something like original gangsta that's
pretty good yeah the original for
justice good times for head file that's
good that's really good um would you
ever pierce your eyebrow lip asked
Alexis here it would I ever voluntarily
no but if I have to choose one at Pierce
my love my thing yes and here's my Robo
I think actually maybe eyebrows cool
look is like - like I can see that
getting in the way for like eating yeah
you're right maybe it I also think I
would call it hurt your eyebrow all
right I'm changing my answer time with
eyebrow lips so like yeah that's weird
to me I know but it's really gone some
people though I will say I'm gonna let
the Facebook post simmer for about two
more minutes okay
and then we going to move on in life
there's only 12 hundred shares go go go
shirt either do sex with guys who I sure
the latest post are just it in the
meantime we're answering your questions
um if you find a genie in a bottle s
queen eyes out what would your three
wishes do this is so hard you know what
I don't know if I have any wishes no I
would leave nothing because I don't wish
I where you're gonna answer that like
that I do just that guys um okay
what was your craziest adventure s Anna
that's a very vague question um probably
torque does it go to some story of like
you buyers yes
guys exactly I already did yep it was
pretty busy we also want to skydiving
the way but just
scheduling-wise can work out I was
freaking out but I think I would have
done it I would not you guys I would
have just forced so much like push metal
playing cuz there's no way I would have
fallen too early done that but I
would've been really disciplined every
single person like Lily just that idea
the insurance alone it's not a good idea
at least like I know that needs my god
yes yeah yeah um are you getting enough
sleep lately at salads nope
and it's quick favorite pickup line as
sunny with you stopping my hardline bad
cholesterol that would be it um no
that's not cheat line but it's Lindsay's
connect she's turning red I am in like
so clutched one sport who loves
basketball
to watch her play to watch uh to place
football is kind of fun you guys
polimertv oh very good
I like watching basketball and I like
playing I like I'm only good at shooting
in basketball not the actual area but
the running I can be right yeah so
basketball or volleyball I like as well
I think yeah um a me me me me are you
still in touch with their 82 I friends
and dancers asks you might yes we're all
friends they came to Australia with me
four of them and we talk every single
day are what's up my phone is literally
always pinging because they're always
talking so cool what was your favorite
childhood toy asked Sophia does gameboy
count with the original Gameboy Italy
with literature's
great I was quickly wait I'm had with
the one before that that wasn't clear
there's an original beer a beige one
Wow was it when you got to pick a color
which one did you pick or you do not
have a color I think I had purple clear
yeah I know exactly gently not again I
was something like yo-yos
what about razor to give a razor scooter
I had a scooter on his razor but when I
got my older I was like a static I
thought I was the coolest person yeah
old yeah I got a fish I was rich I was
what
I was like yo-yos a lot as well and
remember pogs
I do remember pogs I never played I
never played them just collected them
because I want to be cool like anyone
else but I do never believe him what
about Pokemon another thing that I
collected but it wasn't really into yeah
Sam yes sailor moons anything yes yeah
um
Davis subject in school asks double
Harleen I was really good at math what
it was I would say any of my favorite
subject I was gonna math up until grade
9 and then the second they started
introducing 111 letters have you got hmm
whoa what is going on here as soon as
you got to y equals MX plus B I'm like a
hole for the water like this is how I
think math is I think math after grade
like before great night okay long
divisions like two plus two see all
these practical things like you know
triangle square exactly and then you
integrate nine with literally math is
like okay if a train is heading twenty
kilometers per hour at four o'clock and
a goat is getting five of clubbers and
we're hours you're sexy you're like
where did Jack come from X equal jack
define X who is X and what is Jack it's
the most stressful graph to me I don't
get it I really also in high school like
biology I realize why 'allah G like the
brains human body nervous system Wow
neurons all that stuff okay okay yeah
yeah yeah um favorite ugly can you do a
Miranda impression esta are you kidding
but you can't bite maybe someone should
be here for Halloween a lot will do you
know what you know a lot of it was just
I do too is cheat every year people just
like her yeah you know what else but
somebody should do make youtuber um
Christmas ornaments Oh take that
Internet run with it she was just like
knees all into really like that I
answered the door to some people just
like no way that's cool man was like the
longer day yeah I win so would you Oh
which link but but whatever okay I'm
going on Facebook I'm refreshing in five
four three two refreshing and plant
it went okay we are picking someone
swiped do the honors please anyone
scroll Scroll scroll Scroll go see some
repeating names sup - you can pick
whatever you said
um yeah in the BB spike spike writing
out your name swag swag playing all the
games
swag swag that is her name and I just
rhymed name and name okay and we're out
Shay's you said of Hanna we roll I think
that Rio Rio Rio we roll we roll and a
rear oh this is your shadow that's
close-up switch sit if you missed it
like trip and why you trippin titles
leases I gotta do is pause rewind once
this life comes over it will go onto the
YouTube and on to the interwebs you are
here for four more minutes
so what we usually do in the last little
bit of the live streams like since your
honorary guest yes as we end with a
positive thought and it doesn't have to
be anything that's like cliche or
anything can be something felt recently
or something discovered and it can be
about anything any positive thought I
don't have one yet tell me pick stuff so
you're going to lay make me do it first
okay no we can both came up thing about
it okay maybe pick cover this is you
also have 140 characters - however long
hashtag s - boom Leibniz to tweet me
your positive thought so go ahead um let
me think positive got positive bomb um
okay I got one
okay I'm going to follow your lead on
your follow my need Apple this is my
positive thought I feel like so many
times in life when you do deeply I fix
sometimes in life we're so worried about
our decisions in what happens because we
believe in our brain there's a right and
wrong answer like sometimes I'm in a
situation like off my god I'm so done I
made this mistake I'm so stupid for
thinking this layer making this decision
or not doing this or doing this and then
I guess it back I'm like who told me
this is the right way to do things and
why do I think there's a right way and
wrong way to do things a large has
doing people are dealing with friends or
dealing difficult situations there is no
right or wrong way everyone has their
own way of doing things and I think
especially a superwoman having to learn
how to be like in certain scenario that
I've never been in before I really
learned that when I call Frank I'm doing
this all wrong the man who says you're
doing wrong we were just doing it the
way you're meant to do it and you'll
learn along the way and your than
anyone's journey I'm sure no one's
journey is the same which is testament
to the fact that there's so much can
always do things animate a sense is
because if you ever having problems with
friends other people sometimes honestly
just break the rules and messaging
Billick a can we make this better
because I don't know if there's a right
or wrong way this is just the way I do
that's a really good one I feel I feel
that way too a lot in business like
that's outside a personal handed
business especially like the industry
that we work in yeah yeah actually yes
it's actually you know like I'm putting
a situation where I got make all this
hard decisions like Frank I'm not
prepared I was not prepared please I
don't I do it but then I'm like dude
maybe the answer is not in a textbook
and everyone has their own way maybe who
knows you're gonna do there a certain
way and maybe you're some that people
look at you good yo how did she do that
and they'll they'll think that I figured
out something you know I mean so this
your own way to do a lot of things
whether it's personal business or
whatever and they'll do it just because
you think you don't have all the answers
because no one has all the answers and
maybe what you're doing right now is the
answer that's that's a really good
classified I would also say drop that
knowledge bombs like I would also say
it's important to remember oh my god her
voice is dragging swag don't cry Frank
yeah don't question that it's not always
all about you
there are other people who are affected
by your actions and your decisions and
so be considerate of others always in
business and personal whoever it is be
kind to be considered Wow well that was
that it that work that happy that was
that was good okay it's a good habit
positive thoughts there we go lesson
they only give a less no no no no no not
at all
whatever you did is wonderful there's no
more being considerate of other people
what are we right now what are we we're
setting
shutting it down thank you so much for
joining asked supalen live I do some
fourteen every single month so I will be
here on October 14th and those will be
at that time um I think I mean we say
that all the time it's not like I'm ever
there but um I was in the 14th up next
month thank you so much for joining for
last out a lot I hope um stupendous
morning day afternoon night wherever you
are in the world not saying positive
life until next time well I love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
