so how's life going no I'm good I'm good
I think I'm in a good place
I feel like I'm exactly where I need to
be in life you know why isn't one
holding hands don't be like things to do
like who goes running in this heat
holding hands I don't got time to run
you know why cuz I'm too busy running a
business a men you know what it is I
don't have time for relationships thing
I've got school I got work I'm barely
keeping up with my snapchats yes I'm
doing me and I mean you should because
we list a little when else are you gonna
do you what am i doing what am i doing
that's right I'm doing me I can do
whatever I want go wherever I want no
drama
that's like single ladies just like
single and ladies just like that I mean
sometimes it doesn't get like a little
lonely you know yeah I mean like there
are those days yeah you know you just
want like I like talk to someone you
know we're just like cuddle we got yes
Caudle a good cuddle not even like real
conversation just kind of like be there
yeah like text back oh no cause I don't
even want the commitment I just want
emojis yeah mm-hmm what was the last
time you ever used a heart emoji oh my
god me tell you well I think I'm using a
martini glass Martinez poop same girl
same iron should be honest I can't even
finish a Chipotle by school by myself I
have no one to share with no and they're
not meant for we're not they're not aa
single verse Oh
shame where do people meet other people
know any men very where do people meet
mom where I'm searching girl thing
yeah I hope you liked that video thank
you so much as angel we also did a video
on shades channel you want to check out
click our face I'll also put it in the
description and make sure you subscribe
also give this video a big thumbs up
make sure you kind of love me to
subscribe to me because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
now nailing it nailing it
Team Canada what up honestly it's like
everyone else is busy getting married
and I'm at home watching Pretty Little
Liars sorry how does that show no it's
like yeah
