where in the world is superwoman today a
Toronto land of the home what everyone's
a girl so born and I know a lot of
you're going back to school which means
back to school shopping and let's be
real okay
FL pencil you're going back to school
shopping for some clothes because that
main hallway is all runway and you've
gone worked it who needs books
everybody's gonna be studying you or
also maybe you're not going back to
school because you're old like me and
you just like buying clothes because it
fills the void in your heart from
knocking a significant other whatever
either way closed buying them five
reasons that stresses me begin number
one change rooms so you walk around the
store I know you gonna arm full of
seventy things you need to try on I mean
a few tops a few sweaters of new jeans
okay and buy a few jeans I mean all the
jeans because this me real good
everybody tries on five different sizes
of the exact same Jean okay jeans got so
many elements these days we don't have a
choice low-rise high-rise mid rise are
these jeans or F in tidal waves what's
going on what's happening with my hair
reassembles fine I was trying not to be
hop or whatever okay continue so you
walk them to the changing with your 70
items and here begins issue number one
ma'am the limit is six items
sorry what hmm yeah oh okay I have 27
you can take in six and leave the rest
here yeah I'm gonna need all 27 no you
can't do that no no I'm sorry okay
because it's you know understand I'm not
just holding clothes no no I'm holding
outfits okay I'm holding creation I've
assembled in my mind I need to try on
this sweater with this pair of pants
with this tank top underneath with this
necklace with this pair of shoes with
these pair of two glasses and with this
hat and you tell appearances that fix
the because they'll make a picture with
just two colors you are making me fail
after losing that battle I going to the
change room okay here begins issue
number two because y'all have those
curtains that close the change room and
not the door because y'all trying to be
fancy look at us we don't have hinges
but what you fail to realize is that
those curtains never close properly and
they're so heavy and big so I'm trying
to use my force and momentum aback for
it
the change is damping but every single
time there's that
cracked that exposes me the point of
having a change room is so I don't have
to shave my legs and wear a nice bra but
if used up you're exposing me that
defeats the purpose now I gotta live all
up in the corner of the change room like
a kid on timeout and sometimes the
changing does have a door but that
presents another issue because the door
is so high off the ground now my whole
lower body is exposed okay doc same
problems I shave my legs I'm wearing one
stock how am I supposed to dance around
okay now I can't even throw your clothes
on the floor after I'm done trying them
on okay my door hat is being judged what
if I drop something in our configured up
my vajayjay - okay I'm sure how is this
supposed to work for people that aren't
talking not everyone is tall I ain't no
grace Helbig and then when you want to
issue number three with change rooms all
the restrictions today I went to Zara
okay and I wanted my friend who styled
me to come into the change room area to
assist me but they're like no she can't
come into the change room area and not
like inside the dressing room I mean the
general area she was not allowed what if
I need help I'm all up in this change
I'm trying to zip up a dress from behind
and I can't do it so I'm like note to
self if you want to shop at Zara you
have to be a contortionist let me get
this right you think I'm gonna steal
something with my friend like I
understand your concern but can we be
real for a second okay you already
counted all my six items and now you've
put that information everywhere you're
getting me a little tab that says six
okay you put a six on the door you put a
six on my hanger you want a six on it
clipboard you put a friggin six on my
forehead god damn it you might as a lot
higher drink put them in front of my
change room just so you can be like oh
yeah that's the fix right there calm
down number two mannequins so I walk
into a store and I'm instantly feeling
inspired because I see all these
mannequins and they look hot is app I'm
saying straight this mannequin right
here is my woman crush Wednesday this
mannequin is wearing the dopest outfit
so I'm like oh my god I'm gonna buy all
of this I go find each item that the
mannequins were and walk over to the
change in full confidence
okay I'm in the change my prone the
outfit I'm like oh this is gonna be good
I turn around look at the mirror look
it's straight up a disaster I have never
looked so horrible I swear to god it's
like I walk into the change room on a
Friday night put on these clothes some
how about teleported a Saturday morning
now I'm hung over on the street and this
in my new life none
me these pants made the mannequin look
like she had a on point booty okay these
kinds of me make me look like a country
that has zero unemployment why because
there is no bum in sight I look like a
effin sailboat I look like a paper
airplane that wasn't assemble there okay
it's bad mannequins are the reason I
have trust issues
number three sizes so I tried this
t-shirt in a small and it's like a
little too tight you could literally see
that you're pulled a rice ball I ate poo
the shirt is in my stomach something I
know problem I trying to medium but now
I have no boobs and I'm like okay well
that's like literally the only thing I
have going for me so I need like a
smedium I am literally the in-between of
every size I try on I mean either ass
medium or like a Marge Simpson what up
t-shirt reference that was a really good
one no for real I can't be having these
size issues okay I already have wait 20
other things going on in this change
Alyssa but the fact I have to dress
appropriately who try on clothes I have
to dress the part
to try on clothes and get dressed again
and you know exactly what I'm talking
about because I trance outfit I'm
already not wearing the right bra for it
okay I'm already not wearing the right
pants for this store looks horrible
like these pants might be wonderful but
today I'm wearing my granny period
panties and all I can see is that thick
outline on my booty it's ruining
everything and it's my hair and makeup
aren't on point I'm gonna hate
everything I try on because I don't look
the part okay you understand are you
hearing me sweater okay so the least you
could do is fit me selfish cuz you know
what I'm gonna do right i'ma buy the
damn small and we walk into the cash man
should I go don't worry that's it it's
the motivation start my diet working up
it's gonna be a mess inspiration right
here watch two weeks from now this
t-shirt I never wear the damn teachers
t-shirt in my closet right now with the
tag on it I don't work out or I'll buy
the medium and I show up to school the
next day is like oh my god I'm so sorry
your family lost their job no not
magnitude oh no no I was just too fast
for the smaller one you know I mean no
thankful number for Commission hear me
when I say people don't just hurt people
okay Commission makes people hurt people
and you'll straight up on the last
person to hate on anyone's house
I get it you want to get that Commission
girl get you want that new iPhone you
got bills to pay I respect that it's not
so much what you're saying it's more so
that I have to pretend to listen to it
like first up and I walk into your store
and you're gonna stop me good hey did
you hear about our special sale just
today and I'm just like girl you kind of
make me feel a lot special I know this
is a real-life math text message I'm
gonna walk through your store no no no
I'm literally gonna pick up one new
piece of clothing you're gonna run over
dude
did you want me to start a change room
for you I must say yes I'm gonna get
into this change room on my try on
clothes literally 45 seconds later
you're gonna ask me if I'm fighting just
this thing okay you're gonna ask me if
I'm fine
but it doesn't really matter what's
happening in that change room I'm gonna
lie and say I'm perfect in reality I'm
stuck in this dress okay luteum stuff
because apparently it has three sleeves
okay the tag is in my hair okay and the
zippered um pierced button it Baba okay
but you're gonna pick are you fired I'd
be like oh thank you girl I don't trust
you like that yeah okay confiding in you
with my problems
and then we're comes to buying something
you're gonna stop and tell me about this
bonus card point system y'all have you
want me to register for this whole by 77
sweaters and get the 78 for one percent
off I'm gonna tell you I'm not
interested okay unless it's free in
which case sign me the F up then you're
gonna ask my email address and I'm gonna
lie and say you already have it okay and
then you're gonna try to upsell me on
some sort of shoe protector normal eye
again and tell you that I already have
it I'm gonna pay way too much for these
clothes I probably don't fit me okay
you're gonna give me my Racine then you
will circle some issue on the receiving
if you fill out this survey said girl
okay I ain't filling up the survey you
know it I know and that's just stop
living this life
oh my god the accuracy number five
wearing the clothes so I just bought all
this dope stuff and I'm so excited to
wear tomorrow
imma look fresh 10 dad okay people gonna
double tap me and realize so the next
day comes I put on all these clothes I
look in the mirror and I'm just like
what none of the clothes fit me anymore
and they're hideous and I'm just like
how did I purchase these clothes
yesterday with such confidence what I do
know yesterday maybe maybe yesterday I
ate a salad okay now today on my real
Marmol stuff but maybe yesterday I was a
size 4 but now I realize Who am I
actually a size 6 how does this happen
this happens to me all the time it's
like I'm at a store and as soon as I
give them my money the clothes transform
in the bag okay and they just like oh we
got her we don't have to impress her
anymore we can just let ourselves loose
I swear to God just like a relationship
you know when you're in the dating phase
and trying to impress you your boo got a
six-pack okay four months later when
y'all comfortable with each other now he
looks like he's five months pregnant
damn it but what I want to know is did I
forget something let me know something
you hate and love about shopping comment
below and I will reply to as many as I
can if you liked this video give it a
big thumbs up but before you go wait
wait I got so many important things to
tell you because of your team super
we've been nominated for Entertainer of
the Year the Streamy Awards was just a
fan voted award which means if you want
to help us win go ahead and vote you
vote on twitter using the hashtag
superwoman streamys and use the word
boat so like I vote for superwoman
Jesus how put an example right here you
can put a hundred times a day on Twitter
you can also vote on their website I'll
put the link in the description and if
you're really really lazy and you're
like I'm cat so much work
jump on my Twitter and just retweet my
tweet that I posted on my profile
because every retweet counts so if you
want to do that Daddy's well also my
monthly newsletter is coming out as
completely free to sign up for team
super dossiers where you need to go if
you haven't signed up for that do it
it's free and I email you every month
with cute crap other than that check out
my last video right there it is
featuring Connor Franta if my phone were
a person if that Edition doesn't work on
your phone I'll put it in the
description as well check out my latest
blog right there that channel is so
close to a million and I'm trying to
make it get hit a million because that
would be like thinking
um but most most most important I hope
you have a wonderful day and that you're
genuinely smiling from the bottom of
your heart until next time
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
