oh really homework no right now mom I'm
about to do a live stream who coming
over
no one I'm broadcasting from my webcam
you never bothered to get social
broadcast live go what everyone it's
your girl superwoman and welcome to ask
subbu on my live becoming a DJ right now
I've got a whole teaspoon Lily looks I
so a little bit change white balance you
can make ahead swap over here pass me
them or not right now I'm making a
feature film would you ladies a baby
eating when you to do to to know
cryptography
mana right now I'm shopping Lily no no
exercising what most of the commotion
was in the commo when I teach your
reference Lily mom I'm busy I'm letting
my blog in the main Channel video
Oh lady what do you I can't talk right
now I'm taking a road trip Lily eat your
food get it going okay
no no I'm saving the girls right yeah
oh you're right detention mom not right
now doing something get my tech nothing
back
oh yeah but you're so busy doing huh mom
I'm skyping Miranda while listening to
music on my bluetooth speaker while
shooting a video of me recording another
hit song because my phone is too busy
updating software what you should have
jennife I don't understand okay go do
laundry huh
are you kidding
mom I use this thing
yeah so as you can see you technology is
kind of sort of my life I mean think
about it without technology I just be
like talking to a mirror right now which
I don't do so I've teamed up with Dell
to challenge the team super which means
one in unicorns is gonna win a Down
laptop plus some other awesome saw stuff
so I wanna know I wanna know how do you
use tech to create your own superpowers
and no that doesn't mean sleep next to
the microwave so you become radioactive
because that's about should I do that no
bad idea right but how do you use tech
to give yourself extraordinary everyday
abilities like what if there was a
device that let you score every memory
you ever had and then relive it the next
day like it was yesterday
Oh Bungie well this is your time to
shine do you super flex your brain
powers and give me your super powers
leave your best most creative answers in
the comments below be sure to tag down
and use the hash tags learn it share it
and contest and the winner gets a dead
laptop and other awesome stuff and
finally if you like this video make sure
you're a big thumbs up comment below if
you want to check out my last video it
is right there and if you got a phone
and your annotations don't work don't
worry I'll also put it in the
description make sure you check out the
video I did was down right over there
it's beautiful and we'll catch you in
all the fields I'll also put that in the
description and make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and I'd love for you to be
here
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
