stop
hello hello
so let me know apologize yet so I still
have her channel so I decided today I am
going to make video K I'm going to
answer your question of Internet's
that's right that's right and a and Q
okay we're going to answer your cue cue
I have computer your laptop computer
Apple Google ok question Paramjeet yes
hello hello why do girls get their
period hello
but kind of what is it for a good but
period this is the kind of language
you're using on the internet oh we're
your parents okay okay okay okay okay
okay girls get a period because when
they talking to someone and that person
finish their sentence they say period
you go thank you
okay that's okay okay that's okay that's
okay I'm I'm going to tell you period
periods is it
bama's question mark number sign this
English language you know hope you have
three period okay
basketball only have 48 you see a girl
have poo ovary in her body that's right
yeah ovary okay not under II know over
every month these are two ovary start
faulting arguing hitting each other
oh it's like that Mean Girls movie i buy
this reference
mumumu i buy this dress first I say
dress fighting gold no I stay dress
black and blue I hate you I on follow
you from Instagram
it's like a war inside it's like one
over T the night slot and one only the
wires link that's right they have been
born over the ball uterus wall uterus
that's right not me trace you know
uterus all this fighting mean injuries
my ovaries inside start bleeding one
ovary nose bleeding over one only of
cotton arm or blue ribbon
they fighting for five day sometimes six
days seven days if you vegetarian maybe
three four day this is why women always
complain about pain oh can boom inside
for sword inside over and this might
they want chocolate okay they want to
chocolate because it helped the pain
does it chocolate is medicine Oh snicker
medicine three C's medicine okay Mars
bar medicine okay M&M medicine oh if you
do man
you need to learn this medicines and
then eventually they stop fighting and
nothing war over everybody happy mommy
not yelling dead he says and they get
along very nice they holding hand
everything great but they always get in
fight once a month
something happen once a month maybe one
only don't pay rent maybe one ovary
never wash dishes you see this fight
when you have lot of girl in the same
place they have periods same time
because one girl OB not faulting they
very nice the holding handy friend then
be here another girl ovary fighting they
start taking side I can't believe
Melissa left only think that dress is
nice that that's ugly but I think that
dress very nice what I can't believe you
huh
that's why doctor use that speaker you
check belly okay he checking what they
talking about inside her what they
talking about like a three-way call you
know and when women get pregnant that's
friend is because ovary stop sulking for
a little while they decide movie not
going to fight this time we're going to
hug when they hug it they make one
bigger OB that's why I have bumped you
see you understand also junk after
certain age ovaries get too old and
tired okay they can't hunt anymore nor
strength okay so the inside stomach
sitting in wheelchair okay what air
Netflix
no more fighting no more bleeding David
in peace sign shut inside one love and
this is why girls have periods mister
facts and this is why or solution always
wash dishes and listen to
parents great okay thank you very much
watching make sure you watch last video
I make right there I this Lily and I
subtract I do drafting like this you
watch then here right there I also put
in the information below I put I put
there is an stupid daughter still making
vlogs you want to see her daily vlogs
you've watched right over there the most
important make sure you subscribe
because this is my channel now I'm
making new video every Monday Thursday
okay
and make sure you voting for us Teen
Choice of our doer you voting three time
I think something Facebook Instagram
whatever if she well stupid thing she's
a traitor but hash tag numbers I don't
know some stupid garbage you check below
I I put it there you do you do that
stupid okay okay thank you okay go to
your room get is it fun goodie room huh
did you see people watching video like
they don't have no brains over huh
