finally oh yeah mom what's up event you
coming home
what I need your help so much work group
night my right now I'm busy busy doing
what about my friend Oh mom keeps on
bothering me okay like what do you mean
okay maybe immoral come to another home
good fucking like this huh
wait hello you freakin see okay I didn't
want to have to go and do this now but
my daughter's ready dad and she won't be
acting out so I kiss her on this track
is hear me shout bet the ramp in the
crab coming out of Lily's mom she thinks
she cools she got so many views she own
TV every day open you but they only
watch for me now ain't that the truth
that's why they have supported homie
daddy in interviews six million seven
she don't pay no rent
I'm overrated like I'm jumping the fence
am I your mom what am I your bank
account in can't come to my house now
let me buy you a 10 let's see you look
like your mom I'm like don't insult me I
have a scar she wear extra-large D I
have two kids people think I have three
DC for two of you and they
who is he Lulu's mind not okay they
making scary movie about your birthday
her brain is backward they call her
cray-cray that's why she always later I
had the wrong way why you put all these
holes in your face huh you could change
your name to Helbig still won't have
Greece and they won't call you dad grace
no they take one look at you and they
call you disgrace talk back to me now
take it easy talk back to me nah take it
easy you want to talk back to me I will
cancel we feel either youtube-channel
looking like static tea I don't know
about computers I am no bacon but I pay
my own bills something you can't say you
acting like royalty in my house every
day and I'm still waiting for my
royalties to be paid your closet full
but you still shopping more clothes for
tore gonna make us all poor spending
cash like it's your mom store but wait
is that your old door or your mom store
mess I can hear some chanting my name
perendise perendia who really got film
posters
and ask them what they will see nine
hundred likes on a video before um do
you forget about me like the clothes you
don't fold huh forget about me like so
close you don't fold I am boss
I will bring storms so called mother
nature will take me and write hashtag
goals ten hours of labor and pain and
you still so selfish it's a shame never
think of anyone else for a change that's
what you have I I around your dumb name
that's it you hear me you bloody not go
to get your channel back inside you
apologize to me okay and you you
watching this at home I want to tell
everybody
Paramjeet is here okay oh and Lily you
grounded dumb a kid
what am i we wanted your girl more
that's right
I have Lindy's Janna okay because she
acting bad that's rich checking back and
I'm going to let you finish but first
analyse best this track of all time do
this number sign you let everybody know
okay you want to watch my stupid
daughter lastly click on there but you
want to watch new bungees video on my
new channel you subscriber Campbell to
make video every Monday and Thursday
that's it okay don't book me her teen
choice to nominations you know good good
yes that's right make sure you vote my
super daughter okay she nominated to
teen choice you know mine she when I'm
going to take both Iselle who's on for
like this double okay that's right you
want to vote is for Facebook Instagram
Instagram Twitter website okay choice
your choice youtuberos Webster choice
web star comedy
Tommy Shia you want to get a body okay
to do like this once a day shut up okay
bye
shut up
