okay the teleprompter is saying we are
introducing a very very funny comedian
and actress who does YouTube videos
please welcome Lilly Singh thank you for
filling the time slot
I'm exhausted to be here I'm gonna say a
bunch of things that my writers research
it's like numbers numbers numbers it
says like 12 million subscribers Forbes
30 under 30 I'm kind of listening but
I'm more concerned with how I'm sitting
and if it looks okay I've never actually
really watched your stuff this cue card
says that you wrote a book okay here
let's promote never watch the show
either but yes I wrote a book it's
called how to be a bus it is a guide to
conquering life and I'm here to tell you
to buy it sorry I wasn't listening I was
thinking about my next question which is
you're Indian which means I definitely
have to ask you about your parents
of course I assume they're disappointed
hahahaha actually I have a very funny
spontaneous story about them that I
pre-planned
I'll pretend it's funnier than it
actually is great so my parents to be so
confused with what I did but now my dad
is so obnoxiously proud of me he goes
around to everyone says I'm Louie's dad
I'm gonna ask you about your watch now
because I know that you have an
endorsement deal oh yes that's right and
now you'll get a portion of the check so
thank you oh also my publicist thought I
should say that you're an inspiration to
myself and women everywhere presses
vodka I hope I'm still sitting okay I
didn't save that we're gonna play a game
now because I need a segment on YouTube
oh I'm gonna actually often confused
even though myself and 17 people on my
team approve it's called never have I
ever
oh I played this a thousand times I'm
sure you're still gonna tell me the
rules I am I'm gonna say something that
I've never done and then if you've done
it I get a point oh I'm for sure gonna
lie for the sake of my friend never have
I ever stolen anything
oh never oh except for traditional
media's audience yeah you do get a lot
of views and that's why
we wanted to have you on the show Logan
I mean Lily Lily Lily never have I ever
been stoned on a talk show never no I
don't want to lose my brand deals right
now could you remind me what's buy my
book again yes yes we have 15 seconds
left in the thing so say what you need
to because say thank you several times
thank you thank you and I'm gonna
interrupt you because you keep repeating
yourself and then also my sister got you
this gift
oh I'm just filled with things that have
your name on them actually had nothing
to do with it okay great be sure to
support Lily's new album it's cuz it's a
hashtag and then grow balls and you can
watch your videos on Vimeo Thank You
Lily
first they're gonna take off all the
food in the green room now we're gonna
lean in and we're gonna talk about it
okay raise it maybe but I know I did me
wrong you me me the rest was an average
thank you on your show as well with your
viewers thank you okay okay hey I hope
you enjoyed this video with Kelsey and
make sure you check out her show on
Netflix is called Chelsea it makes a lot
of sense okay my last video is right
over there check out my second vlog
channel right over there
that make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop I'm very scared of you
