where in the world is superwoman today a
the dot the 6t oh the co last East
Island Toronto you know and Toronto
whatever wanted to girl superwoman and I
am finally back after my travels on a
world tour and because I've been on a
world tour I have been in a lot of
airports and because I've been in a lot
of airports I've had to use public
washrooms a lot and can't just say my
booty ain't happy about it no straight
up my booty is on the side of your roll
right now on strike just holding a sign
like honk twice if you support booty
runs and drinkers driving by like ran
right back up a path but yeah yeah heavy
yeah bad bad ramp and now that you're
done visualizing what my booty looks
like with arms holding a sign and get to
the point I made a video a long time ago
called
types of annoying people in public
washrooms I'll put the link in the
description case you haven't seen you
can check it out later this video is a
little bit different because this video
is about all the other things that annoy
me about public washrooms you know the
little things not the obvious things
like piss everywhere but the small
frustrations so shall we
we shall first off I already don't like
public washrooms ok because let's be
real I walk into a public washroom the
same way a person in a horror movie
walks through a house just like
just preparing myself for the absolute
worst straight up just like let's do a
kind of sinister paranormal poop of one
in here this is especially true when I
walk into a stall because let's be real
ain't no one just walk into a stall nah
you evaluate that stone can you look at
that stall as if that stall was about to
date your daughter just like what's your
name Holliday huh how many booty two
times you got a job so you know I do a
quick check is there toilet paper check
is the seat decently clean because
that's me real even if you hover which
you should okay
sometimes you'll be hot bringing your
left add gives down your left butt cheek
touches the senior like oh it happens to
the best of us okay together make sure
the seat in a hot oven mess my booty get
the seat once my booty hit the seat
spread about this close to burning my
booty move girl like that Oh fire the
whole new definition once I accept a
stall is good enough I walk in and here
begins the frustration first the toilet
paper in public bathrooms is so cheap
and thin strap you know what I'm talking
about that toilet paper is so thick that
toilet paper is on like a no carb diet
but whatever you know you gotta do what
you gotta do you gotta gather a whole
bunch of it but that is easier said than
done because what happens you're rolling
it out but it's still thin so it keeps
breaking so you're like break your like
break and it keeps breaking into these
small pieces that's why you keep
breaking apart but at this point a paper
right man a relationship with Taylor
Swift
I knew you were trouble now I do so now
I just have all these little pieces of
toilet paper that I have to assemble
into one bigger bunch of 20 bit but I
got sign up for this origami like if I
wanted to wet myself with small little
square strength I wanna buy a pack of
post-its okay and he's that way I could
have communicated cute messages to my
pajayjays like you're doing great or
don't worry that's normal you preventing
me from becoming pen pals with my
vajayjay but throughout this entire
process something else stresses me you
know this messes me this mother effing
Grand Canyon of a crack between the door
and the actual stall where everyone
walks by I can see which means they can
see me and to be honest I
- flattery because I'm hovering with my
shirt scrunched up and my abs are
trembling like okay I don't understand
why the gap is so big and cannot be
honest I feel like everyone sees
everyone else pee through that crack but
everyone's just way too polite to bring
it up and tell one night we all get
drunk and the truth comes pouring out
you know like I Love You Man
no man no I love you you mind I tell you
something man you can tell me dude that
one time dude I totally saw anyways I
finished my peepee okay and from this
point begins more frustration because we
all know these days and washrooms
everything is automated even though they
stuck at being automated so this toilet
is supposed to auto flush okay it's
supposed to sense when my booty moves
and flush but I'm standing here and this
thing is flushing I'm literally twerking
my booty and this thing I move it when I
start doing this whole thing you know
what I'm gonna sit back down get up okay
cuz I want to do everything to avoid
pressing that back up button okay I want
to press that button sense me and flush
finally I get this thing to flush and I
walk up to deal with more stress because
you already know the faucet and soap
dispenser or automated as well so I'm
trying to get the faucet to pour some
water so I do this thing you know it's
not working I'm like okay not working so
go fast and like still nothing I start
going slow just like that okay nothing
is working I'm literally doing Taichi up
in this sink to get that water to flow
finally it does in Macau music amazing I
go to the soap dispenser okay it
dispenses some soap occasionally and by
the time I get this so gonna go back to
the water what happens the water shuts
off so then I got a proceed to do a YMCA
go to soap I'm like please start going
finally it goes and I'm up turns off it
goes turn up there is never enough time
in that automated water to get the stuff
off your hands it is designed to make
you fail and sometimes the soap
dispenser is empty so you will be here
using the water and you got to go over
there too
the Stoke Soyuz over there can the stock
but then this thing doesn't work so you
really gotta take the soap from over
there and use this thing from over there
it's like the Olympics for restroom
relay eventually I finished washing my
hands if I'm lucky okay and now what do
I do
I got a dry my hands because that's the
real I don't want to walk out of the
washing with PP ends like everybody
knows you wash your hands after you go
to the washroom but if you walk out of
the washing with wet hands no one thinks
you washed your hands no you have PP
ends duh this is science so I start
using the hand dryer blowing thing and I
stand there and it literally does
nothing nothing is being dried this
thing sucks no air pressure ain't
nothing getting dry literally I can
imagine like inside this machine Jiminy
Cricket is just there like are you
driving my hands you trying to make an
old Nintendo game work okay you know
what kids in you're gonna understand
that reference game is your games are
all high-tech daddy had a dvd/cd-rom CD
dungeon in conclusion I hate that I have
to pee it is literally my least favorite
thing about myself coming below and let
me know some of your irritation when it
comes to using public washrooms you can
check out my last video right there it
is me reacting to tease reacting to me
it's so it's like so meta I think is
that the right use of the word mater I
don't know check it out it's right there
also if you want to check out that video
I was talking about the annoying people
in public washrooms I'll put it right
there and you can check out my vlogs
right over there all of those things are
also in the description in case the
annotations don't work on your phone
also very exciting news we team super
have been nominated for two Teen Choice
Award I can't even speak I'm so excited
oh so you can vote every day on Facebook
Instagram and Twitter once per day per
platform and we're nominated in two
categories choice youtuber and choice
Webster comedy I'll put all the
information in the description both
because if we win that would be awesome
and it'd be I'm so happy just to be
nominated but it would be awesome so
I'll put all that stuff down below go
check it out and I'll try to retweet you
in double-tapping story on Coulson and
all that stuff and that it was video a
big thumbs up and makes you spit he does
it make
every Monday and Thursday and I can't
wait to see you the next one with
debates they're a new here and one love
superwoman that is a wrap
