where in the world is superwoman today a
la whatever it's a girl Superman and
today's video is gonna be interesting
something a little different
now just in case you don't know there
are two phenomenal youtubers are the
names of the fine brothers who make
reaction videos on YouTube and you must
have heard of them because they're
amazing and I'm a huge fan of theirs so
I feel totally honored that their last
video was wafer wafer are you ready are
you ready teens react to me that's are
they made a video called teens reacting
to AI Superman III so I thought you know
would be dope if I made like a III
Superman III reacts to teens react in
the iisuperwomanii my brain exploded and
can I just tell you how horrified I am a
Christian I'm so nervous
then they're gonna say horrible things
like I'm I'm I'm actually something what
whatever let's do it
I hope you enjoyed reaction video but
y'all hold up wait a minute you know I
had to include my parents let's do it
hello today be watching fine brothers I
feel so sorry for these little kids
that's about to watch my super dog you
know it should be fine triplets you know
because I am very fine
my life I
you should see her room the room not
drain okay
yeah pops - your mom she calls herself
she know she was Lily singing what means
she's pretty so I mean that whole number
I mean you see big funny because dad
handsome because if they I don't know
like Johnny Depp bringing the entire
world together and just like you know
what any people together like Ramanujan
India shows that we're not so different
after all that we reach someone in India
yeah what means almost a pioneering
in the world by Mohammed II especially
coming from her gender sometimes when
you think oh I'm not gonna be I'd be
like okay go back to Lilly this episode
about her success and how scream phrases
are called ha I think you're so cool I
like it
thank you super woman you
are gorgeous and I am in love with you
and keep doing you and let's go maybe I
what you see okay so I decide that not
only my daughter crazy but everybody
crazy in delusion from this video I
understand most people like to believe
you because we that was magical like I
feel so special and so validated I was
so horrified they were example bunch of
terrible things but that was
overwhelmingly positive thank you so
much to every single person in that
video in the fact that something you
didn't even know me so well then like
you're a biased or anything oh that's so
awesome oh my god what does that was
that feeling oh oh it's my self-esteem
skyrocketing oh oh that was amazing
thank you so much all the teens and to
the fine brothers for giving me the
honor of being on your channel I truly
truly appreciate it if you want to check
out the full video I'll put the link in
the description as well help me like
this video if you did give it a big
thumbs up also very very huge
announcement if you haven't seen it
already I am making a movie and I have
released the teaser for the movie slash
documentaries called trip to unicorn
Island the teaser is right there click
it click it now it is the biggest
product I've ever worked on I'm so
passionate about it please
team super spread the word about that
project other than that make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and I'd love
nothing more than for you to join me one
love superwoman that is a wrap end
