what about when it's a girl superwoman
and today is a monumental moment why why
why masks because I've teamed up with
coke to have one of my fans in this skit
for the first time ever and I'm so
excited
let me introduce you to kitten and we're
gonna make you laugh high-five make you
laugh so hard Kaitlyn I open G what the
play happen you eat one hurricane you
soak that lazy okay can't you see I'm
doing everything on you all day even use
their personal pin you Socratic
toothless okay I hope you tell me what
do we have this what do need a heart put
entire trip you don't have me packing
then why you ask for help me why I don't
ask why halfway up you ask me make you
tell us
you asked me where cutie no I just do
because I know do I ask please are
knowing me do I ask please be useless
know who do I know
okay I am going to play lookbook okay
good very suitcase I'm packing Tom had
you think everything happened by magic
okay already
I got to go trip okay I'm going to back
and then this over here this peg it back
for you because you've got it can you
being very mean right now okay no no
wait one second
oh you scare me okay you very scary you
look like dinosaur from Jurassic movie
okay just a big one I don't know why I
can't marry you okay I wish when my
mommy daddy come to my room tell me they
have news they say Paramjeet you have
been selected for Hunger Games this
would have been better news than day you
stop it stop this one you so mean okay
you know every time you speak one smiley
emoji die shut up okay but you say
Oh smiley emoji die hey yo okay okay
you can Teddy survive without me okay
but to go to you're gonna walk up to
store with $1 say a hello store please
make me one roti where I put money huh
okay let have it one time you think you
so very cool then I am cool I am look at
my face I look in quantify okay you
looking 85 grandma okay
I mean shower you see all your gray
hairs my trillion you know how buddies
your dirty hair I find in shower on you
so gotta help your chat working like a
Marge Simpson head your mouth so dirty
okay I'm going to put in washing machine
ahahaha
look at him pretending like he know how
to use washing machine but to remove put
a dirty clothes and wash it and then
instead of so you want to put a bloody
broom okay
okay clean my clothes thank you you know
what I am very lucky guy look at me
everywhere I'm lucky guy I never have to
waste money on a Netflix okay because my
entire life drama that's right featuring
Manjeet Singh and by wife Oh Oksana your
okay you I can't let you go to buy
something are you so bloody cheap it's
so hot outside look I'm steady I am
sweating for dressing when she's pleased
by one a new friend what you do you put
a glass of ice beside hairdryer they put
it by trying it but this is I am not
cheap okay I am smart I am beating a
system maybe she wouldn't be so hot that
you maybe got rid of this of Pisa Pisa
right here okay I reach the delivery man
only man
bring me something hot these days okay
thus mean okay hmm
I am NOT hot I am not hot I am so bloody
hot you know other day I conducted a oh
my god you guys see what I said no no I
was born this way you know my coins at
all
maybe it's animal control okay we'll
take you back to zoo okay maybe the
police coming for you huh because I
heard him muttering all the rainbows in
the world hello Cooper hi what are you
one second we have guests huh I just
wanted to check ahead over why can't you
very crazy one second okay what you want
uh wrong number no I'm just wondering if
if you want to Tony all night God help
me with this you donate to me huh
who was there it was one little girl I
told her run very fast this crazy lady
you who eat little girl huh
your mother's here hey don't talk about
my mother okay my mother very nice very
nice little girl
I guess you right right that's why she
is such a nice little girl right here I
am NOT a girl okay I am man look at this
muscle
look at this muscle look your muscles
look your muscles you crying
getting Game of Thrones ok ok my brother
oh my god what is going on in here she
leaned he dumped she's selfish she saw
annoying ok dad stop being annoying man
what what you thinking me I said stop
being annoying because mom said mom just
said that and so I said to you because
mom said it you see how she speak to me
no respect what this how come I can't
believe my daughter talking to her daddy
like this
do not worry she just burned baby
body everything then he fire now we are
going for you
sorry shameful ok could you butcher you
see because she always listening rapping
music what did she learn this from is
this how he raised you huh very bad girl
why can't we all just get along huh what
yo enjoyed that video huge huge huge
article for love to do a skip one of my
faster Superboy and you didn't Katelyn
kill it she killed it kablammo
so good I'm so proud of you and make
sure check out my last video is right
there so click it you can also check out
my blog which are right over there most
imporantly meet you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and tumblr
right now and your approval let's share
a coke that happened especially ready
for this there this team super cook
thank you so much you are one love
superwoman that is a wrap and
