where in the world is superwoman today a
San Francisco what everyone's a girl
superwoman and before I start this video
let me just say that I love my phone my
phone is BAE I'm addicted to my phone
it's like literally the only thing I can
touch and turn on but my phone has some
certain tendencies that drive me crazy
and I know you can relate so let me tell
you five reasons how our phones suck
number one sudden death
I swear to god I need to take my phone
onto the Montel Williams Show okay
because it stays lying to me I look at
my phone it says 30% I opened one app oh
it did
what the f just happened how did you go
from 30 today you just died so abruptly
without warning just leave me hanging
like what are you a character from Game
of Thrones is this the red wedding yes
yes okay they'll be Game of Thrones
reference in every video how would draw
no but for real it is so frustrating
because then I will plunge my phone in
to charge it and they'll instantly turn
on and say 30% like are you dead or are
you alive is this the zombie apocalypse
are you Tupac I need clarity number two
the liar wire I swear to God Kim
Kardashian's first marriage lasted
longer than some of my iPhone chargers
the amount of times I have to buy a new
charger because the one I currently own
stops working is ridiculous like I legit
need a coupon card like buy seven
Chargers get the eighth frame because
sometimes I plug my phone in and it says
charging so I go to sleep and then what
happens I wake up the next morning five
hours late because none of my alarms
went off why because my phone is dead
and then I grab my charger I'm like why
do you lie to me okay I see that
lipstick all up on your collar don't
tell me you would that work and then
it's like your charger will only work in
certain position so you have to do like
origami with it for it to work and turn
your charger into a mother effing crazy
bendy straw okay just so you're thirsty
phone kid drinks up electricity the
stress and have you ever plugged your
phone into a faulty charger and then it
starts having a seizure no let me show
you
that's what the f are you doing are you
charging are you having a spiritual
revelation straight up my phone just
starts beating all the fields okay for
you just like I can walk I can watch it
okay quick can you take a selfie
no big shot but the number three Auto
neglect if my iPhone named me as a child
my name would be lolli because my phone
refuses to believe my name is Lily
straight up autocorrect stays correcting
things that I know are correct you are
incorrect and your auto neglecting my
existence Esther it's rude and here's
the thing right
sometimes autocorrect corrects things
that don't even make sense like I'll be
writing the word do and you'll not
affect it too so do so is do not a word
I'm pretty sure do the word if dudes not
a word there are all these Christian
people get married at the altar and I'm
so super stubborn that you go an
autocrat corrects me I refuse to make
any type of change and just keep typing
the word hoping it'll play out
differently I spend okay lolly backspace
LOI okay backspace lolly back to kick
maybe this time lolly backspace lolly
lolly backspace lolly backspace why am i
also an idiot and sometimes I'll even
keep pressing enter just refusing to
accept the fact that it's correcting me
lolly enter slowly enter my vanity lolly
enter yeah lolly enters Loic stars are
under hahaha number four never big
enough so I feel like no matter how many
gigs my phone has the moment I need to
take an important picture it's gonna
tell me there's not enough storage space
like how why when did this happen
you telling me I have 64 gigs worth of
selfies don't be telling me that because
if you tell me that then I have a
problem okay well okay so what it takes
me like 30 selfies on average to get the
right one
whatever maybe we wouldn't have this
problem if you let me delete your crap
okay newsstand iBooks health I'm looking
at you and then when I delete things you
want to move them into the deleted
folder what
I ain't taking on no type of trash at
home what makes you think I'm gonna do
it on my phone if I put it in the
garbage it's supposed to magically
disappear it's like you want to be out
of space okay you hate space what are
you my phone are you Sandra Bullock in
gravity I swear to god you know I see a
cat and you let me take a 6 minute video
meowing I mean Obama and you like no
more storage space I'm so mad I'm gonna
drop you in the toilet and I'm gonna
soak you in no rice ok I'm gonna end
your life number 5
act like Elsa sometimes iPhone does this
really cute thing where pretend that
it's a character in frozen and just
stops moving and does nothing because
eventually Elsa did build a snowman and
that snowman was my phone my phone
freezes at the worst possible moments
for example when I'm using the GPS
trying to figure out where to go and
there's a fork ahead in the road and I'm
stuck kick driving driving is like at
the fork make up and I'm just like make
up left right u-turn
hop skip jump tell me this isn't the
effin matrix okay I can't bend the fork
I've been guy but when I'm taking a
picture okay and I flip the screen to
face me and then it freezes so I slip it
again but then it get flips and flips
back and like oh my back back flip it
again I think it's just flipping back
and forth and doesn't know what it's
doing I swear to God my phone cameras
acting like a drunk person I got pulled
over like pee out of control like
fucking big hero six when he's low on
battery just like just take the bloody
picture or when you're writing a really
important message and the letters stop
showing up because it's frozen okay I am
so stupid in that situation as well I'll
just keep typing look I don't care if
the letters are showing okay I'm gonna
take all of this and you better remember
it yes that's right I don't care if
you're just the messenger okay this is
sparta and I will kill you anyways hi
comment below and let me know if I
missed any annoying thing about our
phones because I'm sure I did if you
want to check out my last video it is
right there it is called
you know I don't really remember so just
click it and find out you can also check
out my gloves right there also huge
announcements I only have two shows left
in my world while in San Francisco
tomorrow or today
oh it's 139 now you have damn and I am
in Anaheim then next day the 22nd if you
want tickets triple double is eat or
calm I'll also be at VidCon very soon
doing some really cool stuff releasing
the teaser for my documentary speaking
of which the official trailer for my
trip to unicorn Island documentary which
is my pride and joy will be uploaded on
my channel on Friday so spread the word
this Friday the trailer for my
documentary Doctor Who that I can't even
speak on silent that give this very big
thumbs up and make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and if you can't click the
annotations for any of these things and
I'll put all the links in the
description I hope you have a wonderful
day one love superwoman that is a wrap
turn
