where in the world is superwoman today a
Chicago shy town Windy City deep-dish
pizza whatever wants a girl superwoman
and I'm losing my bus but that's not the
point
today's video is gonna be a little bit
different it's probably not gonna be
funny but I can guarantee you it's gonna
be straight from my heart now I'm gonna
be honest with you I've been having a
really tough time recently I'm in the
middle of my world tour and it's been
mentally emotionally and physically
overwhelming and as a result I'm finding
myself unhappy sometimes aka right now
and because I'm a pretty spiritual
person I've decided to analyze my
feelings not only in hopes of making you
maybe feel better but kind of to make
myself feel better too and open by the
end of this video we can both smile
together now everything will about to
say is based off my own experiences and
things I've learned and I feel like I'm
making this video just to kind of remind
myself so welcome to five things we do
to make ourselves unhappy I think that
the title look at the title it's
something like that are you ready
because it's honesty our number one
expects to control people and situations
now I'ma be real with you I'll be the
first to say I'm a huge control freak
like I'm on a tour right now and
everytime I'm on stage I want to control
everything that's happening and even in
my personal life I find myself expecting
people to do certain things but what we
need to remember even though it's really
hard to accept is that we will never
control people in certain situations for
example if I'm on stage and the
microphone stops working
nothing I do can fix that the only thing
I can control of that situation is how I
react so I can either a get pissed off
and throw the microphone at someone's
head or be make a joke about it and hold
people laugh and the same goes with
people if we could control people let's
be real you would be dating your
celebrity crush and be living on a yacht
are you living on a yacht I don't think
so if you're living on a yacht that
goddammit
now the reality is you will never
control people and what they do no
matter how hard you try and it's okay to
have expectations of people but
understand that if you
have expectations people will not always
fulfill them and there's nothing you can
do about it the only thing you'll ever
be able to control in this world is how
you react so the key is to react like an
effing mouse number to compare yourself
to others now I feel like in today's day
and age this is mostly the fault of
social media because it's so easy to go
to Facebook and envy everybody else but
what you need to remember is that we as
humans have the tendency to compare
people's highlight reel to our blooper
reel because no one's life is as
wonderful as a theme on social media and
how do I know this because my life is
not nearly as wonderful as my Instagram
makes it seem okay
I know I put seven filters on every
picture and so do you and so does
everybody else everyone has their own
path because everyone is different and
in a world where there are 7 billion
people it's stupid to think that
everyone's gonna get from A to B while
using the same road it's just not gonna
happen not to mention a lot of people
aren't even trying to get to be there
over there chilling on cue look how many
people are on this planet everyone is so
different where does it make sense to
compare each other
I suck at some things and I'm good at
some things you suck at some things and
you're good at some things this is
everyone's story number three you
mistakes and hard times negatively this
is gonna be some real talk how do you
know not to touch the stove when it's on
chances are when you were younger you
burnt yourself a few times and now you
know if you touch it it's gonna hurt but
how would you know that if you didn't
burn yourself in the first place as
humans we learn through mistakes how do
you know how to walk because when you
were toddler you fell on your butt a
couple hundred times now that concept
doesn't change over time from the moment
you are born to the moment you die you
will always learn things because you act
things up or because someone hurts you
look back honestly take a second and
look back at every lesson you ever
learned I can guarantee you that lesson
is founded on strong mistakes Hornig
tears and a whole lot of other sad
things
if you've learned who to trust it's
probably because someone is lying
and if you learn how to be positive it's
probably because you've been negative
and if you have the app Find My iPhone
on your iPhone it's probably because you
lost your iPhone so when you make a
mistake or you fail or you're
heartbroken ya cry be sad about it
that's okay but also be 10% happy
because yo this is going to teach you
something amazing that will help you in
the future
there was a huge silver lining to
everything picture it is exercise for
your soul
number four ignore your closest friend
we're so busy idolizing celebrities
daydreaming about our crushes
prioritizing our best even consuming our
self of media that will be ignore our
closest friend our selves now the way I
see it people are wonderful people are
like the cherries on top of an already
delicious sundae their bonus but the
person you should be relying on most in
this life is you why simply because no
one knows you as well as you know
yourself no one can read your mind no
one knows your greatest fears no one
gonna hear all the little voices inside
your head and for that reason no one can
be a better friend to you than you it's
important to talk to yourself love
yourself be your own friend be on the
same page as yourself have your own back
because I promise you no matter how
popular you are at some point in your
life you'll find yourself alone in a
room feeling super lonely it's in your
best interest to be friends with the
only person in that room number 5
surround yourself with negativity
negativity is like a contagious disease
you hang around it chances are your
experience is really really simple if
you don't want to experience negative
feelings don't hang around with negative
people who talk negative crap don't hang
around people that gossip don't hang
around people that put you down don't
hang out people who hate other groups of
people and you yourself don't speak ill
about anyone else if the people around
you don't make you smile and inspire you
then you are around the wrong people if
you don't want to smell like crap then
stop
around crap if you don't want to be wet
then get out of the ring it's a very
simple Danka you want to be happy
surround yourself with happy people and
things well that's all
I don't know this video was helpful or
if you hated her if you loved it but
I'll do a little bit better and we all
need that reminder once in a while let's
mine ready 1 2 3 we're gonna be okay
we're always okay we we're gonna be okay
comment below let me know if I missed
anything or if you just want to drop
something positive maybe someone will
read it and they'll really make their
day so go ahead and spread the joy if
you like this video and like the stuff I
said I do a lot of this during my show I
am on tour I got four shows left in
North America link is in the description
triple dare we got losing poor calm
tomorrow Amharic to Vancouver BC I got
Seattle I got San Francisco and I got
Anaheim other than that give this video
a big thumbs up you can check out my
last video right there is called types
of girls in relationships my second vlog
channel is right there so make sure you
check that on subscribe to that and make
sure subscribe to this channel my main
channel because I make new videos every
Monday and Thursday and I'd love for you
to be here I sincerely hope and in some
way shape or form this video has
positively impacted your life until next
time
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop we're gonna be okay
