where in the world is superwoman today a
Boston what if I wanted to girl
superwoman and I've been waiting to do
this video for so long because I feel
like so many people can relate to it
girls and guys alike because you either
dated this type of girl or you're
friends with this type of girl so
without further ado let's go through
types of girls in relationships oh did I
just only lose my voice I what happened
number one the plot twister now this is
the drill that somehow someway always
involves her significant other into a
conversation even if the conversation
had nothing to do with that like you're
sitting there trying to talk about your
problems like yeah man I don't know I'm
just like struggling at work yeah I mean
I get it jack
he has a job too things are getting so
rough now I hear you
Jack's beard gets a little rough and I
have so many bills to pay mm-hmm mm-hmm
jack has an Uncle Bill and it's just
getting really hard yeah last night Jack
got if I didn't I swear to God if you
say another word about Jack I'm gonna
change my name to iceberg and kill Jack
like straight up this is the type of
girl you do not want to call using your
lifeline if you're on wants to be a
millionaire because I can assure you
that Jack did not invent the microchip
in fact who invented the microchip who
invented the microchip never Jeff
whatever dad Jack Kilby number two
ungrateful Amy now this is a girl who
complains about her boyfriend all the
time even though to be honest her
boyfriend is pretty freaking awesome
she's super high maintenance and super
ungrateful and she doesn't realize what
a catch her man oh my God he's like so
Donnie totally went out with one of his
friends just because it's his friend's
birthday even though he knew there was a
say yes to the dress marathon he knew
how important that was to me oh my god
get this he bought me diamond earrings
and they're like so small you can't even
see them like I'll never shine bright
like a diamond okay honestly
Rihanna would be
I'm just sitting your leg down you must
be really sexy because otherwise I do
not see how he would ever deal with your
BS and don't look at me like I'm
judgmental you think the same thing you
need a girl who's an absolute jerk to
her boyfriend a popsicle huh okay you
must be real flexible like what he
bought you less expensive earrings so
you're mad do I know my boyfriend Bobby
yeah he bought me Air Jordans without
the Jordans you know why because he
doesn't exist you're mad at him because
you got to watch TV without him for one
day go I have spent the last six days
watching the Magic Mike xxx trailer with
a camera with shut the eff up because
I'm gonna be real right now
your boyfriend is amazing and treats you
like a queen the problem is you're a
girl and I just hope you realizes how
dumb you are leaves you and comes over
to my house so we can date a woman
here you go apply twice daily number
three the obsessed mess now in my
opinion this is by far the most annoying
type of girl in a relationship this is
the girl who revolves her entire world
around her boyfriend and doesn't know
how to function as a human being anymore
watching a movie she's texting him while
driving
she's facetiming him she disappears at a
party for sure she's in some random
corner on the phone with him like hi
he's your boyfriend and according to my
science class he's not the son so I
don't know what the f used orbiting
around him and how don't you have things
to do people to meet goals to achieve
food to eat also more importantly how
the hell do you have a phone bill that
allows for all of us I started a new i
order one pizza and my phone bills like
200 bucks and you up in here like
sleeping on the phone with each other
for hours like girls straight up
you're acting evasive you're acting so
basic you're like The Times New Roman of
girls and relationships number four
naive Nancy now this is the girl that's
just painful to watch in relationships
because it is very obvious that her
boyfriend is a douchebag probably
cheating on her and very manipulative
but when it's been many people many
people when we Peter live manipular know
what he's a jerk but no matter how many
times you tell her this she refuses to
listen honesty current life is like a
race in Mario Kart okay she's there
she's at the line she's driving she's
like yes I'm doing so great she thinks
she's doing amazing but the sign keeps
popping up that says you're going the
wrong way
turn around does she turn around no she
keeps driving sick oh my god I'm totally
laughing you guys she's just running
into walls and does nothing to change it
does she steer another directional she
sees the launches a girl like girl
change directions okay if Zayn Malik
could do it so could you come on sister
number five the single girlfriend now
this is a girl who denies ever being in
a relationship she'll never call him boy
she claims they're not really an item
and they're not exclusive and why would
she ever get jealous
and when single lady turns on in the
club she is turning the F up
and you know what she always says she's
always claiming oh you know we aren't
even that serious and we're probably
gonna break up let go you've been saying
this for five years five years you've
been together okay oh it's gonna happen
no it's gonna happen no you just say
it's one of those things you say and
it's never gonna happen
it's like the relationship version of
winter is coming okay because you've
been telling me winter is coming
for five seasons but I still can't month
amix no man okay Alice is standing here
just disappointed and that's all for
this video if I forgot a type of girl in
relationships comment below and let me
know you can also check out my last
video right there is called types of
Dreams if you can't click the annotation
because you're on a phone I'll put the
link in the description as well you can
check out my vlogs right there because
some super exciting stuff happened
recently other than that I am still on
tour my next stop is Kansas City and I'm
touring across North America so check
out all my dates clicking the link below
losing tour calm or you get that eye
right there it should work on your phone
as well and I'll take you to my poor
website I went back click subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and I hope you had a great
day Wow
love you one love superwoman that is a
wrap and I wanted to scratch my nose
over video
