where in the world is superwoman today a
Hartford Connecticut baby back what
everyone it's your girl superwoman and I
went on my Twitter and asked what do you
lovelies want to see for Super Thursday
and someone said types of Dreams and oh
my god damn that's good
I'm gonna totally do that and then
pretend it was my idea so enjoy also I
have a really bad migraine make you like
somebody stabbing me in the head with
the sword and I feel facial goals number
one the falling dream and this is
probably the most common type of dream
where you're dreaming then all of a
sudden you fall and your whole body has
a panic attack right you literally feel
like your heart jumps out of your chest
and you wake up stressed now is usually
such a short dream that has zero context
just like oh it's me it's me it's me
it's still me look it's me Oh Polly
mm-hmm where were you no clue what were
you doing I have no idea
what happened I fell how I don't know
like why did I fall give me some sort of
context I need closure it just makes no
sense it's like I'm playing Mario and as
soon as the level starts I jump off a
cliff just like did you like give me a
story like why did I jump off a cliff
why am i falling with peach sleep with
Luigi did someone make an omelet on my
Yoshi egg is there a Fault in my star
Jessica what what happened Kailash yeah
- these are the questions number two the
forbidding dream now this is the dream
you are not allowed to have but your
mind decide to misbehave so you had it
and now no one can know you either slept
with your ex made out with your best
friend's boyfriend touch the wrong
person booty cheated or it's just
straight-up was a whole you oh oh now
chances are the dream will be quite long
and quite detailed and you'll wake up
totally confused and feeling guilty just
like and then you start going crazy
asking yourself questions like wait that
was a dream right yeah that didn't
actually happen that was a dream right
oh my god what if someone hooked up an
HDMI came
for my brain to the TV and everyone saw
my group did everyone see my dream then
you start to overanalyze why did I dream
that oh my god oh my god I'm just still
in love with them and my bad person and
then when you see the person you dreamt
about you're all like and what's wrong
nothing what are you sure you take your
clothes off what what huh
no you bend over like get it together
girlfriend okay go watch Magic Mike XXL
and call it a day number three
WTF dreams what now these the dreams
that you simply cannot explain because
they're so random the story keeps
changing random things keep appearing
your clothes keep changing it's like a
Bollywood movie like for example once I
had a dream - the true story that jenna
Marbles pet was chasing you to a mall
you know this running I was like gentle
why and she's like I don't know her
daughter pet EMU and then I chose a
corner office on a huge wave went
through the mall and I was like I know
how to escape the waves I'll scoot away
in a magical scooter if you're no
scooter you know like this doesn't make
sense it on a surfboard but somehow it
worked also on a separate occasion I had
a dream that I was in Ryan he goes
living room and starting a huge tsunami
kit nowhere else
Justin's living room and I was
devastated out there but it wasn't
matching any of them and they were just
looking at me like so you want to shoot
this video now and I was like wow and
what is the meaning of this who directed
this dream Miley Cyrus is that she came
on the set of my dream was like okay
everyone that's a wrap on this scene
let's bring in the baby turkeys and the
salsa dancers also I'm hungry someone
bring me a hammer number 4 realistic
dreams now these dreams are not really
sure our dreams or not like did this
really happen you wake up convinced
thinking the dream actually happened and
you just like really boring simple
dreams like you completing a task or
making a phone call or applying to a
text that's why I never flash your text
incites just include this just what you
use as an excuse for not replying
people's texts
no real you're having the dream then
someone wakes you up and you're like
well what what one second whole ages let
me finish buying these bananas alone and
then the next morning who's in your
kitchen like where the app are these
bananas you never bought the bananas
don't get bananas bananas are yellow
number five
lasagna dreams lasagna is actually
pronounced beside me now these are the
dreams that have so many layers and
you're convincing yourself that you're
waking up each time but you're actually
still dreaming like oh my god I'm in the
middle of the ocean oh my god I'm
sinking no no no thank God okay no just
a dream put him down the ocean I'm back
in my shoe box wait I don't remember
living in a shoe box oh my god it's
getting smaller thanks mom oh yeah oh
that was close okay I need to get up I'd
like to brush my teeth my bathrooms so
messy this clothes everywhere where is
this dragon gonna sit there's no space
for this branch whoa now when you
actually wake up your trust issues in
your life your mom walks in like Nicky
honey I'm getting late okay now I'm just
like okay nice try Voldemort yours
Manhattan is 1c right now I'm just take
off my clothes get it don't take off my
clothes picking off my clothes but you
can't see you can't see right number six
keep me jeans wait deadness record PP
jeans have you ever been in a situation
where you have to pee so badly I mean
your bladder is more full than a stadium
during a One Direction concert okay you
have to pee and you finally find a wash
of yogi yeah and you start Pina like
this is this so good oh my god yes and
then you realize you're dreaming and you
wake up and you're not in a washroom and
you peep it happens to all of us at
least once
okay stop lying and I'm just like you
imagine our faces
while we're peeing in our dreams to
emulate
and then we wake up to the horror and
then you feel so embarrassed if you
start being like so critical of yourself
we're going home about honestly everyone
else is getting married getting their
PhD and I'm sitting here pissing myself
in my dreams I can't do anything right
but even urination if we can suck hey
number seven I could be totally wrong I
just totally lost count number 41 this
living dream now this is the best type
of dream this is a dream you get to live
every day because your dreams came true
for example my life because of all you
beautiful people and the amazing feeling
I get every single time I go on stage
speaking of which what up segue I'm
currently on my North American tour and
if you don't know now you know I'm
coming to these cities today Hartford
Connecticut
July 11th Washington DC July 12 Boston
July 15 Kansas City high 16 Chicago July
18th Vancouver July 19 Seattle like 21st
San Francisco July 22nd Anaheim if you
haven't got your tickets that you can't
have triple w dot Lilly Singh tour calm
and there's still VIP packages available
for some of those cities some are sold
out but you can meeting rate also on the
note of my tour I will say that some of
you wouldn't ask me saying are you
coming to the city come to that city as
of right now these are all of the final
confirmed dates and my tour ends on the
22nd so this is what it is find the city
closest to grab your tickets because I
will not be announcing any more cities
anytime soon that's all for now I hope
you enjoyed this video if you did
comment below let me know if I forgot a
type of dream that you've experienced
give it a big thumbs up and check out my
last video right there it is called
what's your friend really mean and if
you're on a cell phone and an annotation
doesn't work also put the link in the
description so you can click that you
can check out my vlogs right there and
you can subscribe because I make new
videos
and they wanna love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop thank you so much to the
fan that got me as onesie
Oh
