where in the world is superwoman today a
back in my room what if everyone it's a
girl superwoman and allow me to tell you
what your friends actually mean when
they say something to you yo can I
borrow ten bucks you're never seeing
this money again yo can you spot me I
promise I got the next one
no for real this money could play the
role of girl in gone girl I don't know
if I can afford it I hope you offered to
pay it's okay I'll pay for it of course
I'm gonna pay for it you're my only F
and friend so I gotta pay for your broke
self yeah I'll let you know it's not
happening I'll try to swing by later I'm
gonna text you in a few hours and tell
you that I can't make it okay cool I'll
come after work I'm hoping by then
you'll be so drunk that you won't even
notice I flopped are you busy
I'm about to rant for an hour yo what
are you doing Tuesday I need your help
on Tuesday my bag my phone died I didn't
want to answer your call my bad I was in
the shower I didn't want answerable my
bad my phone was on silent I didn't want
to answer your call I didn't want to
answer your call I'm pissed at you can
we have a girls night soon men are
pissing you up okay and you all need to
hear me complain about it text me when
you get home I care about you
but let's be real if you don't text I
won't notice oh my god we should totally
do that one day we're gonna talk about a
once-a-year from this point on just like
getting tattoos going skydiving going on
vacation but let's be real we're never
gonna actually do it bros before hoes a
girl just broke my heart and this is the
only way I know how to cope with it how
you gettin there can I get a ride are
you driving can I get a ride no I can't
come I don't have a car can you offer me
a ride girl I am totally wearing flats
tonight tonight I'm getting drunk okay
I'm getting shum mangled oh I thought
you were gonna wear the other dog girl
what the eff is you wearing are you
hungry
I'm hungry you want to eat I don't care
watch me eat can I borrow a sweater this
is now my sweater let's take a selfie
now I have a feeling I look fine as hell
right now but I feel kind of awkward
taking a soul selfie with you right
beside me so I'm gonna ask you to be in
my selfie you know just to be
politically correct oh it's so cute I
look so good in this picture and to be
honest I didn't really even look at your
face okay he is not my boyfriend girl
don't you dare add a title to this booty
call and complicate this is for me mmm
I'll tell you later
my mom is in the room right now shut the
F up here have some water you drunk as f
okay hold my hand you're walking like a
little baby giraffe right now okay
because yours are drunk and hot mess
read my mind
yo hope you enjoyed that video if you
did give it a big thumbs up comment
below and share with all of your friends
if you can relate you can check out my
last video right there and it's called
the six stages of having a crush if the
annotation doesn't work cuz you're on
the phone I'll also put the link in the
description so you can click it down
below also I'm gonna put humble the
poet's video right there if you didn't
know humble the poet my good friend
makes YouTube videos his birthday's in
six days and his goal was to reach 100k
subscribers by his birthday I'm not
telling you to check it on subscribe
because I'm telling you to I'm telling
you to check out his videos and if you
like it genuinely and subscribe and I've
introduced you to something new that you
might like so go ahead and do that last
but not least this Wednesday I will be
bringing my tour to Montreal tickets are
still available and tickets to all my
North American dates are still available
the information is in the description
triple double using tour calm it's right
now and I hope you're having a great day
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
