camera is balancing on seven things
where in the world is superwoman today a
a in a really big house so I'm really
sorry for the echo yeah what everyone's
a girl to the woman and whether you're
single or in a relationship or hello
hello hello whether you're single or in
a relationship where you're just like a
unicorn that doesn't understand dating
other human beings I'm sure you relate
to this video because we've all had a
crush at some point or another you're
doing the whole video like this just
deal no but for real we've all had a
crush for example I visited my crush
today at Chipotle that's right so hot
I swear to God I will put a ring on that
rice bowl and then feel it we all go
through almost the same stages when it
comes to crushes it starts off with
stage one they discover me now this is a
stage where you notice someone for the
first time and don't get it twisted
maybe you've seen this person like a
hundred times but today you notice
something a little extra special because
you don't just see the person no no you
notice the person that person catches
your eye say you're like you're your
booty looking right in fact they're
pretty looking so right that they could
never make a left turn without getting a
pedestrian and I'm just like dying
have you always been this burn or I
might just get more desperate either way
or look I dropped my phone
pick it up slowly actually caught the
phone with my other hand cuz I'm gonna
add please this leads to stage 2
research I so now that you've noticed
the booty you got to make sure that the
booty is in fact that if I'm gonna make
sure it wasn't like booty ception that
you are like having a dream about a
booty while having a dream about a booty
while inside a dream of another booty
because you all hate when that happens
so you pull out your best research tools
aka Facebook and Instagram you proceed
to go through all their posts trying to
decipher their personality and then if
you discover
they're actually way hotter than you
thought
you'll do everything to convince
yourself that you two are compatible
based on a very biased information you
found on Instagram oh my god oh my god
see they goes to the picture of losing a
basketball I'm wearing a sports bra
we're meant to be whoa holy crapola
it's the Cheesecake dicks that's so
weird I eat food too
okay see ya they have a dog that's right
last week I fully ate a hot dog okay
this is really weird you went to a
charity event and I posted a facebook
status about being a nice person and I
always say that I say all the time that
I've done a sponsor child okay basically
call us the American flag because our
stars are so aligned this leads to stage
three show and tell so what do you do
when you like someone you gave you
confirmation that the person is in fact
hot and wonderful by seeking validation
from your friend and I know what you're
thinking okay yeah your friends are all
like bitter and single but you know they
know what they're talking about now keep
in mind at this point you might have
never even spoken to your crush but yo
it relevant but the status of your
relationship doesn't matter so you've
never spoken okay the person lives
across the world okay fine so the person
isn't actually a real person in their
character from a movie whatever
technicalities all that matters that
your friends also believe this person is
very hot and spectacular so what do you
do you show them your crushes Instagram
and I'm not just saying let's be real
you're not gonna pass them Instagram and
have them scroll through it okay you
know there's a select like seven
pictures when they look really good and
you memorize those pictures so you're
gonna show them those select pictures
make your case and then proceed to the
next stage once your friends approve you
proceed to stage four daydreaming
now from this point on all songs all
movies all novels are about you and your
crush okay it's not
Fault in Our Stars it's there is no
false in my crush Life of Pi not is my
question I he put Beauty and the Beast
nah okay its beauty and the beauty the
story of my question I it be our guest
be our guest to our wedding crazy in
love hey Sango performed by my crashing
I you call it a relationship emoji
I'd call it a selfie with my crush a
knife and you start thinking like all
these delusional things that okay I've
never spoken to my crush I just like
know if she was here right now he would
give like the best massages and I was so
upset but I bet you it's my crush this
here
it was know exactly what to say you want
me crazy
you never even spoken to your crotch for
all the people your question for your
mind you're just like waiting there for
him to say the perfect thing like so
eventually you gotta proceed to stage
five small talk so you want to talk to
your crush but every time you try to
tend to a hot mess with zero confidence
it's like when your crush is not around
you're all like my name is beyond
greyjoy ii you see your crush what a
patron reference so you try to find
excuses to talk to your question can you
act clueless hey I'm so sorry to bug ya
do you know what the tedious by chance
oh gum
thanks so much thing whatever just read
you the date I don't think I'm stupid it
up no chase can you check out the
cameras recording you had our little
friend press record
so no stuff it is oh cool thank you
this leads to stage six the finale which
can go one of two ways
number one do realize your crush also
likes your booty and you live happily
ever after or number two which is much
more common
you realize you have huge trust issues
commitment issues daddy issues are just
general bad breath
and you got home but that's okay because
you can dive with me on my world tour
what's that way that's right if you
haven't bought tickets for a North
American tour yet what are you doing all
the dates are the student description
below and VIP passages are still
available which means we can meet and
greet and we don't have to dialogue so
you can grab those are triple w dot
little sing tor.com also tomorrow i am
signing on my monthly newsletter and i
totally revamped it maybe so super cool
to me advice from bottom sheet and when
gene q and a's shout out contest a whole
bunch of awesome soft stuff so you've
not sign up for my free newsletter yeah
what are you doing team super dot c it's
free you put your emails I send you
personal email letter play if you like
this video if you're a big thumbs up
comment below and let me know who you
are precious right now I won't tell
anybody
you check out my last video it is right
there it is my parents explaining to you
how babies are born
that's right I can check out my vlogs
right that most importantly make sure
you subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and came in
