say hi hello hello hello hello
well youyou do recording yes you put is
that it yes it's on
hello I know it's on okay okay stop
I have a question for you okay where do
babies come from your baby okay big job
big piece of babies happen when you know
one day you want to go walk you say
goodbye over to a box you see one small
pink little animal say I want to touch
this animal you touchin em little cool
like you fat babies no dad that's rabies
I said babies where do babies come from
III be there oh baby oh baby oh baby
okay baby
okay okay
then you know girl and boy have very
different body okay boy have an atom app
whether talking here for everyone
we have equality woman's have bigger
brain see daddy have a big beard that's
right mommy only have small beard but
same heart
you see when a girl leaves certain age
okay
she get me what it is that whatever age
her parents say okay when they decide to
get married the exchange rate without
ring you cannot have baby no listening
mean I am ready to have babies with you
before ring everything inside moving
body long okay beating lock and doctor
boy trying to open long I want you to
open your lock but this code tell you
God I want to find code her or seven
five two three five
Oh booty no my want to know but no no no
let me talk with my tea into rock but no
no no impossible without ring when a boy
put a ring on a girl finger okay
everything open body changed I said you
put everything on rock you put a ring
everything open long open body change
like transformer thing now change this
is science after girl boy I get maybe
they go to same house okay they're
living in same house they want to save
money so house has one bedroom so okay
they sleep together man lie down woman
lie down they both they both lying close
their eyes like this okay holding hands
like this holding hands because only
because manage no holding hands before
bitch and then they feel very nice
tingling sensation why oh because they
call in God blinking tell your God yes
how do you just very good thank you we
want to order one baby please and then
God going to say you have a good job and
they are you going to say just I am
accountant God going to say very good
God will say do I have a girl say yes I
have he he liked it so he put a ring on
it you know when God get all answered he
wants his stuff to make portion like
this look I am making bushing little bit
the cute a little bit a handsome little
bit the small little bit of honey little
bit of stubborn except when he make
lately she make mistake no no he putting
stubborn or accidentally hold waterfalls
like that's right
dumb head he naked dissipation like this
you make motion then you pour it into
monkeys belly you see belly button right
here then everyone we turn into oven
because it take a nine months to bake
the baby then nine months later
oh my God look I am baking cake I am
baking cake
the doctor said oh my god this cake
actually will be you then how does it
become a girl or boy okay because it's
home time when God making a bushing he
by mistake put put peanuts
he put nuts in there that's why you get
boy not Kenickie
DNA hormone contraction
you know you're know so don't just take
your clothes off tell you how did you
buy your tickets for my show yet super
dumb head you can buy your ticket for my
show and coming both America okay that's
right I'm coming Montreal hard for
watching thing Boston Kansas City
Chicago Vancouver Seattle San Francisco
and I'm all information down below in
description okay my to no battery sector
you want this one you want to eat this
leper www Lily single tor.com do biting
right now before they sell out they sell
that would beat your face also VIP
package if you want to meet me
okay love you bye y'all hope you enjoyed
that video if you did give it a big
thumbs up comment below make sure you
check out my last video right there it
is my parents reacting to bad blood by
Taylor Swift also I'm gonna so many
adventures to check on my gloves right
there most importantly make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday I'd love you
to be there jumble wloz wanna come if
you want to see my face until next time
or I love superwoman that is a wrap and
