hmm where in the world is superwoman
today eighty dot Toronto home what
everyone's a girl superwoman uh crazy
person man woman so this video has been
a long time coming in fact you've been
requesting for a full month please enjoy
my parents reacting to the very popular
bad blood by Taylor Swift featuring
Kendrick Lamar she's in yummy gas band
enhance hello hello oh hello hello hello
midget in Jersey girl
sector 17 hello today today yes hello
today be reacting to um Tyler Swift
Taylor Swiffer bad blood a fatty
featuring Kendrick lung a Kendrick Lamar
lung lumber Lamar Lamar okay lumber a
good name now I took this video about
somebody who have bad cholesterol I
think this song about Doctor Who
misbehaving and mother saying do bad
blood this is my adopted this is why
they're mix-up in hospital I think this
song about Lily too much of megiddo
Allah too much a KMC Barger a frenzy
file that's writer okay let's go okay
let's do it okay office good job work I
like it
you see school bad blood plus strong oh
my god elected people stealing things la
ok beat him up
get us up eating them up that's right I
need medication give me I have bad
cholesterol do you oh my god she got
barely any clothes
you see you see what this means
make up a bad okay Oh bad girls will
make up you see now she's dead she hit
her friend
you see she dead now you know why
because she don't bet close that's how
she get back rest all her friend beat
her up now she's gonna need so many
french fried ice cream who I am so spare
ice cream boom bad luck I know this one
I know this man small vain little Maina
nothing like this I know lollipop
look at me I'm wearing sunglasses inside
because I'm so cool okay I'm little rain
it's a close this is close okay I
understand he wearing black clothes cuz
he black she wearing white clothes that
she bite you see I understand you
gathered them eating Oreo cookie I like
this you see they wearing vacuum you see
now they walk around like this that you
may leave I can't wait like this look at
us via robot we're going to help reduce
cholesterol problem operation operation
just right by her hair like this you boy
or girl huh care to be dangerous way for
Tommy swish I don't know we have problem
high blood pressure problem look at
these people look at us be bad blood
we don't wear clothes be beating people
up we fail math test we never do dishes
no today Paddington they kill Paddington
Bear oh my god what'd he do huh
oh my butter teddy bear Duma what a
teddy bear do okay you see look look I'm
Eskimo now that's right
okay look even in slow I'm wearing
miniskirt
I am very short please buy me tall
somebody buy the clothes this is a kind
of clothes you get in snow never survive
in Canada oh my I understand she got
sent to boarding school you see now if
you trying to run away take me away from
boarding could maybe if you behave huh
you could me I impart in gloves because
I don't want to eat fried food no more
I'm going to eat my glass
what are very hell happening here look
at the oh look I'm so cool look I am
doing with my
Here I am so cool what is the story
where is the story
hello story there is just and cannot
find the story it's Diwali happy Diwali
happy Diwali everybody happy Diwali you
know what happened here somebody left
the stove on Lilly always do like this
jar overflowing you know in real life
this Stellina she visit if she leave on
she can see Tyler and what the bloody
hell happened okay this is what I think
happen she have bad cholesterol she
trying to use imagination to show you
look at me I'm exercising I am killing
Paddington Bear look at all these thing
I'm driving motorcycle I am running away
from my backless wrong
I am changing my ways okay he's portly
there's a portly okay they called sir my
metaphors this video about drugs then
she decides you know it's okay because
today the valley I don't like this video
okay I don't like this video because
girl not waiting close and girl doing
short shorthair this is not a girl okay
there's a boy how are you going to
better get married huh people want to
come and say I want to marry your
daughter they going to say doctor or
like this daughter no no you tell me her
name Rebecca this is looking like a
large hmm I think the moral of the video
always be honest okay listen I am going
to all across North America with my
toward neither places I am going you
want to come see my show this is where
I'm going to date Toronto Toronto today
okay that's right agile I ate Montreal
July 10th
a Hartford Connecticut July 11
Washington DC
that's right I'm going to be with Obama
July 2 ends the Boston a July 15th
Kansas City oh my god door filled July
16th Chicago July 80 the Vancouver BC
July 19
Seattle July 24 San Francisco July 22
Anaheim California you buy tickets to my
show triple w dot Lily singer tor.com
okay that's right you my best part of
tour with bungeed I just like you joking
parent shit
freaking or ridiculous also a quick fYI
in case you didn't know both mine geez M
phone and you two have their own Twitter
and Instagram so make sure you follow
them because they post all types of
ridiculous redonkulous Thanks and you
heard them I'm officially touring North
America and I'm leaving in a few days
ago triple-double using tour.com to grab
yo tickets because gonna be off the
heezy fo sheezy and if you enjoyed this
video make sure you have a big thumbs up
you can check out my last video right
there can also follow all of my blogs
over there make sure you check them all
because I'm like probably the world and
stuff other than that I do have a new
free app for iPhone and Android download
it because I interact with people all
the time on it the information is in the
description is completely free most
importantly to you how was your day I
hope it was good I hope I did was good
and I hope you're smiling and I love you
so much
umm most importantly actually is it more
important than happiness no second to
that make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday held up a picnic then you hands
and kisses one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop
