where in the world is superwoman today a
London brub
black fish and chips and buy chips on me
fine more crisps how come every time you
come around my Landon Landon rich Monica
never-ending than me when you can yeah
hey what might want to girl superwoman
and there has been something on my mind
recently so I've decided to make a video
about it actually I spoke about it in
depth in my vlog from yesterday but I
woke up this morning realize that all my
phone footage from yesterday I got
deleted so it's been a rough morning hi
Alec one shot of positivity Thanks hi so
I'm in the middle of my world tour and I
have completed 16 shows and literally
traveled across the planet now each of
my shows has a meeting room where I get
to meet all you beautiful people and in
each city I tend to do touristy
attraction things in which case I get
recognized a lot as well and I got a
problem with that it's super cool now
before I start this little rant I want
to emphasize that I am not complaining
nor do I want to seem ungrateful that is
not the case I simply have something on
my mind and I want to take that little
fault starter and put it right there you
want to take it you can take it out turn
mad are you going to take it now I think
a ghost I'll say that I love meeting my
fans like I'm not an idiot I know that I
would not go in a world tour and not be
superwoman and not have all the amazing
things I have if you didn't support me I
love meeting you I love Tom dude I love
taking pictures with you and then the
whole thing but recently I have noticed
that a lot of people when they meet me
it's almost as if they don't really care
about me they don't want to talk to me
they don't want to ask me any type of
questions they don't really want to
create a moment or spend time together
all they say is get healthy at all about
wait a minute I get it selfies are cool
I take selfies all the time look at this
light right now as soon as I'm not
recording on my chicken selfie right
here sunlight make my eyes look all
hazel and ish I have lots of selfies
look at my Instagram okay I'm a loner I
get it but I think what we're forgetting
is that selfies are not memories
memories will always be better than
selfies
now of course I selfie can remind us
a memory but if you didn't say anything
other than can we take a selfie what are
you really remembering pressing a button
while standing in front of me
and we all know that when you're in that
situation and press the button it's
gonna freeze you're gonna try again
you're gonna turn the camera wrong cuz
you realize facing wrong way and take it
again then you should be standing in
front of me
fiddling with your phone let's be real
when you're excited or stressed taking a
selfie is rocket science so you're not
really creating a memory so here's the
deal I love it when people come up to me
and say hi as if I was like a human
being just like you you know have a
conversation they tell me how you found
my videos tell me what your favorite
video is tell me that your parents are
exactly like my appearance I'm going to
create a special moment with you and if
I'm really really honest from the bottom
of my heart sometimes I do feel kind of
an object because some people come up to
me and don't even say a word they just
pull out their camera and it leaves me
thinking like if you're really my fan
don't you want to like talk to me
because sometimes they see some pretty
cool stuff I feel like we convinced
ourselves that the validation we
received from taking pictures and
posting them on social media is better
than actually being human beings and
that is false it's not false like how
you kind of make a tea and a half of
like a nap cuz you not really sure about
the answer on a test or kind of like oh
my teacher will think this is a test no
it's a legit false
oh my god should I be a handbook focus
sometimes I'll even deal with some of my
friends and fam will come to them and
say hey wait sir are you famous - oh my
god let's take a selfie no I'm just like
oh my god these are human beings not
coins and tumble run and I just want to
reiterate again I'm not bashing pictures
when I met the rock of course I took a
picture I took all the pictures but it
was not the first thing I did it was not
my priority meeting him I said hey let's
have a conversation I want to know how
you found me and I want to take this
opportunity to tell you how he impacted
my life and why I support your work so
much and let's create a moment here and
not every time I look at those pictures
I remember this
great experience okay and I promise I'm
going to shut up soon I promise but I
just want to say from the bottom of my
heart I don't want you to think
especially the younger kids who watch my
videos thinking that getting likes on an
Instagram picture is more important than
living a moment it is not live the
moment because I promise you when you're
old and wrinkly and you look back at
your life you will remember those
moments way more than you will remember
that selfie so the next time you meet
someone cool the next time you visit a
cool place or eat something awesome
don't forget to enjoy that home and if
there's time after yeah take a selfie
what up t-shirt reference I'm gonna end
in the words of humble poet because he
said a whole bunch of really smart
things selfies are not Pokemon you do
not have to catch them all and I really
hope you don't mind me saying this and I
know this video wasn't super funny but
it was on my mind and I really really
wanted to communicate all of you and I
really hope that we can carry on making
great memories and having great
conversations because I want to get to
know you please share this video because
I do genuinely feel like the youth
really needs to hear it and I would hate
for us to just turn into these people
that don't know how to be human anymore
seriously breaks my heart you deserve
more than a selfie
you deserve a memory and that's all
mister I'm no chef
if you like this video please give it a
thumbs up comment below let me know your
posture agree with me disagree with me
let me know you can check out my last
video right there is called types of
yawns you can also check out my blogs
right there my whole adventure across
the planet is in those long live super I
don't know they're full of memories also
tickets for Birmingham mad
still available triple wix4 calm all of
my North American dates are still
available as well all those cities are
listed below in the description the VIP
packages for those days go on sale June
24th people that already are ticket
holders do I speak English I don't know
let's get them in the description do
some reading silent reading come on most
importantly if you like this video if
you wanna see more videos make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and I hope you
join me one love superwoman that is a
wrap and
