no she and Mobilio know she in my video
I'm gonna go downstairs guys see you
later that's going in for sure where in
the world is superwoman today a Dubai
deserts camels ever have my name what
everyone's a girl superwoman and my last
real is called types of sleepers and
this video is called types of yawns are
you seeing a theme here
hey sleepy and I know how all the way to
this video cuz if you've been to any
class ever in your life you'll know
that's where y'all having the most
education number one the jungle yawn oh
I broke maple now this is the gun that's
accompanied by like a strange
animal-like noise for example am I
asking equal you guys wanna see like
you'll never know
Oh seal we don't lose the same thing I
see you guys bigger you're bigger now do
this monologue simply because I think it
feels amazing I don't know what it is I
feel like if I make a noise while I gone
I like lose weight or something you're
sure if I keep my yawns a hundred I turn
it emoji honey
however I will say that some people take
the Z on a little too far a K my dad
okay your dad a K every uncle that's
ever existed I swear to God my dad songs
so loud that when you young the friggin
car alarm goes off okay he's just like
I do thing is I'm a use to my dad's
y'all know doesn't catch me off guard
I become accustomed to it but I forget
that when normal people come to my house
and they hear that noise they for
example my friends come over they start
just spraying holy water everywhere
prepping for Emily Rose the good news is
that anytime we need a little bit of
extra cash all the dozens record my dad
know we can sell that as the soundtrack
for the next costume number two The
Crying yarn now this is the yarn that
isn't just a symbol for sleepiness no no
it is a symbol for pain this is a young
that happens were you doing it looks
like your puppy just died okay it looks
like you've been crying around this no
one looks like you just watched The
Fault in Our Stars while wearing
sunglasses made of onions just tears
streaming down bowling without word
please you don't think without do this
and y'all just need you looking like an
absolute mess like right now for example
every time I see someone in this state
of sleepiness I want to donate to them
create an infomercial for them who have
an introvert we have an intervention
because you look intervention Oh
having did all these takes going with
you oh all the tags going in the video
all most importantly have an
intervention because they look high as f
number three that you can't see me yawn
now this mom is literally the story of
my life this is y'all when you're having
a conversation with someone okay
and you're like really into what they're
talking about and like you're really
tired and so you feel like Johnny not
because they're boring I mean like they
might be boring but not necessarily
you're just really really tired but you
want to be rude so you try to like hide
the fact that you want to yawn so I'll
be talking to you in your sleep and you
literally have to eat and swallow your
yawn me I do this all the time and you
know what's up you feel it coming on C
shopping all these weird shapes with
your modeling some uh-huh and then what
happened
and you're trying to continue sometimes
also change it even turn around I
thought maybe a LAN that'll happen sorry
what was that the war was over there I
think I saw my friend over there and I
should know when sometimes I just act
really shocked so I can conceal Leon so
let's up to say something like so super
basic like yeah okay I'll take a water
not good Oh water gasp yeah water did
that isn't that what some the Titanic
shook emoji number four contagious yawns
the worst the worst
all I wanted life to feel like I control
my own body okay but you standing over
there looking all tired yeah I'm over
here on my life
i'ma live away and you stand-in darlin
and I'm gonna look at you and I'm gonna
yawn cuz wrong are the worst type of
contagious for example right now I'm
just talking about yawns you might not
be tired but I'm just talking about it
yawns yawns imagine your mouth loose
with your mother yawns the did you yarn
did you yawn of course you don't you
know why because I controlling you okay
that's right not aware of mr. Chris
comes up by now
no but seriously the whole thing because
you're going and now I'm running and
I'll fill over there yelling and
clapping over there got everyone's
yawning it's like a really bad soldier
boy down boy now watch me yawn with
number 5 the transformer yawn period now
this is Leon that starts as a yarn and
then changes to something more random
and unexpected for example what the heck
is happening like hi organs biology why
you want up in my body just happen to
kill my shots and everything up.that on
what the f is going on up here acting
all crazy and disoriented like it's
ladies night free drinks at the bar and
usually the transformer yawn causes me
great discomfort because my body wasn't
ready you can I'm Alton you're yawning
you know relaxing yeah and all of a
sudden I sneeze okay my nose wasn't
ready for that activity my nose is all
that you I was staying in tonight I
didn't want to go out we all forced move
on
now I'm getting shots at the bar now I'm
drunk and I'm done texting my ex and I'm
cute I wanted to stay and watch Game of
Thrones I didn't sign up with it they've
said the nose because of the sneeze in
the middle of the thing I made videos
and that's all for this video types of
y'all I'm so tired I'm so sleepy
but compliment let me know if I forgot a
type of yawn such a silly topic but I'm
crazy suicide
although huge you chew chew chew through
news I have announced a whole bunch more
cities and dates for Couture trip to
unicorn Island and they are Hartford
Connecticut Washington DC Boston Kansas
City Chicago Vancouver Seattle San
Francisco and I'm Toronto and there's
more
I mean also my Dubai show was sold out
so I added another one it is gonna
happen at 1 o'clock p.m. on the 13th
which is this Saturday there's still
some tickets left if you want a bap
ticket to my device show happening this
Saturday
triple W loosing toward calm is
happening at the Music Hall also
Manchester Birmingham London you're sold
out but Manchester Birmingham tickets
are still available for your shows as
well
triple that loosing tour calm grass yo
tip grab ya rabb yo take yes hope you
liked that video and if you did give it
a big thumbs up you can also check out
all of my vlogs from my tour me
travelling across the world right here
check them out and don't forget to click
Subscribe please and make new videos
every Monday and Thursday although
sometimes I miss it because I'm on a
tour I can speak your wife every Madden
I make videos one love superwoman that
is a wrap and dish
