where in the world is superwoman today
ate in Adelaide Australia good aim a bed
you mate
kangaroo koala okay whatever wants a
girl's the woman and I feel like this is
the video he's all relate to because
let's be real who doesn't love sleep
Sleeping Beauty Sleeping Beauty doesn't
love sleep so without further ado grab a
drink grab a friend and get ready to
relate number one the stone-cold jk jk
jk bro the rock for life Finlay now
these are the types of sleepers who not
go anywhere and sleep in the most what
seem to be uncomfortable positions just
straight up on the bus leg on the plane
leg against the wall like just standing
like it honestly boggles my mind like
how do you sleep with your neck like
that how does your neck
not break you just like what how do you
not need support it's stressing looking
at you is stressing me up you need
support I feel like I just wanna wrap a
bra around your head just to make me
feel better cup size D okay because
we're dumb these are the types of people
you see sleeping and they look so
unattractive because it's a a box or
village is not that a condom and have
their most wide open with the drool
coming over just straight up looking
like like in a constant state of Barney
go go what up t-shirt reference and to
be honest sometimes it's Jerry like I
don't know if I should be tucking you in
or taking your boss snap on my ear just
bumped back to the video number two the
noisy Napper yeah how does that happen
to you like you're in a club and you
feel really really sleepy with the music
solids
something you get a cat fall asleep
because it's so loud you get really
annoyed except then you realize that
you're not in a club you're actually in
your bedroom but your roommate just
sounds like dubstep or they sleep true
sleeping beside people who make weird
noises in the middle of the night is
just over interesting you'll be sleeping
they just be like oh I can't be honest
I'm about to be real real on for now
yeah
they're weird and really annoying but
sometimes sometimes are hot that's not a
good thing because I've already sitting
you're single as that you I ain't got no
pet boyfriend right so I've been lying
here forever alone and then you'll be on
like and then I'll be over there like Oh
puppies okay Disney Disney Finding Nemo
Finding Nemo cute fish fighting evil
okay Steve fish ocean ocean okay we'll
see starfish mussels mussels
Channing Tatum mussel Chet LL Cool J LL
Cool J's this and then before I know it
on my nick bateman dudes rim - no I'm
just kidding I'm just kidding we're like
friends now so I can't make those types
of jokes jkoper back to my point your
noises are causing me great discomfort
or like instead of noises they move
Allah or like twitch be sleeping like I
don't get it you normal during the day
within at night you go to bed you turn
to it effing Jabberwocky
number three the snore fast quick okay I
get it people snore they can't control
it they snore it's fine but there are
people who snore and then there's people
who snore I'm talking they snore as if
snoring was a natural disaster okay I'm
talking like before they snore like an
hour before cats and dogs and other
animals
run away because they can sense what's
coming I'm talking they snore so loud
there's snore has a name okay like snore
can Billy zombie rose some people snore
so loud it's not even about like maybe
you say rumors you know I can't even be
in the same area code as you straight up
if you sleeping over here in the four
one six okay I have to head on over to
905 over here that's right I would
venture all the way to Brandon just to
avoid you Toronto references GTA
references when you add I mean any yeah
yeah no but straight up you hella
destructive and I know this sounds
really bad round be honest some people
snore so loud that it makes me it makes
me just like them as a person I know
it's not you are thought but I really
love my sleep so if you are disturbing
my sleep I'm gonna convince myself
you're just a really bad horrible lying
selfish person okay because sleep like
straight up I will unfriend you because
I quote what does your plain this look
like on and you're gonna hear me snow
and I'm small five seconds from wildin
give me give me snore give me snore give
me give me snore number four the social
sleeper you wouldn't have a sleepover
with a friend and you're watching go to
sleep ok goodnight goodnight see you
tomorrow and then you turn to go to
sleep but you can't because you notice
this light hovering over there a
different ending was to abduct you and
you look over at your friend scrolling
through Instagram with your screen
brightness set to like Sun like hi how
am I supposed to sleep with your phone
bright like your phone this slope right
right now I'm getting a tan let's rewind
a second why don't even on your phone in
the first place because I said goodnight
you said gonna now I kind of feel like
my goodnight was betrayed
cuz they're all I said goodnight and now
you have this whole other secret life
that I couldn't like partake in when I
was still awake so you waited for me to
sleep and now this is like don't real
you or something and then furthermore
people who don't put their phones on
silent when you're sleeping with someone
else in the room so I'll quote the
Nanjing why do you even think
remotely acceptable and I will be so
real with you even vibrate is not
acceptable okay because if your phone is
on a table now I'm trying to sleep on
the here's mMmmm
like after r2d2 is having a seizure all
up in this bedroom like hi I am trying
to rest I am trying to consolidate my
memories have some REM sleep up in your
game but I can't do that when your phone
is performing a stomp routine over there
calm down
this ain't pitch perfect put that ish on
silent
number five the biggest snoozer now this
is the type of sleeper that is
absolutely impossible to wake up in the
morning and this type of sleeper is me
it is 100% me i straight-up up a set
like five different alarms when I wake
up ten 1001 1002 1006 1011 all them have
different names that are trying to
motivate me to wake up something get up
Willie you can do it come on don't you
want to succeed your dog this is why
you'll get nowhere like none of them
work I am the type of person that
doesn't need to look at my phone you put
it on a snooze my arms has a life of
Zoar obviously there's like smooth
that's it straight for four hours
straight I will press smooth every 10
minutes and I'm sorry to admit that that
does not change even if someone else is
sleeping the room with me they will also
hear my alarm off every 10 min and hear
me good soon do I turn it off no I think
smooth because the faith I have in
myself will never disappear no matter
how many times I disappoint myself
that's also why I have no friends all my
pictures are selfies number six the
starfish you ever share a bed with
someone and it looks like they were
doing horizontal jumping jacks and then
fell asleep halfway like like how you're
taking up this whole entire bed and then
I don't have to sleep right here what
what you think I don't have limbs
look at all these limbs look at all
these limbs where these limbs gonna go
off a limb Depot
ha ha ha damn for you know what straight
up the last time I checked my bed was
not an Olympic pool and you were not at
stake too nice swimmers I don't know why
you opened up tastes like doing that to
them because we all know there is an
invisible line that divides the bed that
is created by the two pillows it goes
down the center
but some people be crossing that line
may be rolling over through your leg on
my side putting the flag over my leg
like how we ain't Jenga ok I want slept
beside someone and they literally yes
swear to God literally rolled over me
did the other side of me okay I said I
was some dough and they were a rolling
pin and I was just like turning to pizza
like a cheese pizza yeah but like like a
little bit of creamy garlic dipping
sauce like chili flakes on the side
deep-dish Pizza Hut little Russians whoa
what were you talking about what types
of pizza toppings comment below and let
me know what type of sleeper you are
because I want to know also check out my
last video right there it is called
things that happen on Chrome just an
update about all the ridiculous things
that have happened thus far on my world
tour you can also download my new app
the information is right there is
completely free for iPhone and Android
all the links are in the description to
download it they'll get like backstage
access additional content just so many
cool things and so many ways from you
interact with all of you that's
completely free so go download like
Google click Add app No
also don't forget tickets for my tour
are on sale right now triple w losing
tour calm I'm curly in Australia tickets
are still available
goodbye I just released UK Toronto also
just released Chum buzzes intercom go
grab your own tickets and new days and
cities and everything are coming very
soon all the time he's actually saying
suppose you make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday one love superwoman that is
a wrap
