where in the world is superwoman today a
banglore India what am I going to girl
superwoman and I'm alive kind of me and
I'm not I'm gonna get into the whole
yard in both the video storage settings
si my bad yo alright so I'm watching my
last show in Bangor and in India we've
already done six shows and understanding
what the Kiska what even though it's
only been six shows so much has happened
so let me run down feet I made some new
friends I got into a fight with one of
the security guards at the airport she
got into Hey
ah okay wait hold on you know my unicorn
sparkle glitter cupcake muffin bomb and
I don't like to fight with people but
this guy was asking alright so basically
we're all going to a security line right
and this guy was manning the conveyor
belt and the scanner thing is just
moving super slow and when I mean slow I
mean like slow I mean like koala slopes
like I'm talking like the slow-mo video
on your iPhone 6 was faster than this
dude so you know me I'm trying to be all
patient I have a bottle of patience I
was like well I'm patient is off right
now
this guy takes out my bag and he's very
slowly in his koala like fashion putting
it to the scanner puh three times like
did you get annoyed watching that part
yet imagine it in real life and I'm just
looking at it like me and then I hear
announcement that's a final boarding
call for banglore diamond Oh aka my
fellate so let's hide sir yeah that was
my final boarding call could you just
give me you know sir give me my bag he
comes over to me like madam there's
liquid in this bag I'm like no there's
no there's no liquid in this guy like
this I this ain't my first rodeo homie I
ain't got no liquids instead ma'am there
is liquid in the bag
I'm not homie there no liquids in the
band open the better show me the liquid
show me the liquids sure enough there
ain't no liquids okay so know what this
kindness he goes into my bag takes out a
laptop charger is it oh look this is it
and I'm like what the half is you
sniffing brah
I'm hi hello sorry the last time I
checked my laptop charger was not a
milkshake but yo if it's a liquid that's
good to know because some days I only
drink seven glasses of water and not a
but now I'll just be like whoa you're
ridiculous either way you takes up the
charger and scans it again and then he
takes my suitcase and he comes up to me
music madam there's a statue in the
suitcase and I'm like okay there is one
small statue okay smart statue okay
where you dead and get like they're
statues amuse you they're statues and
art galleries like where's the combo
going nowhere unlike my flight that is
about to leave sorry that madam there's
one small Ganesha statue I need to see
it look if you are describing to me
exactly what this is why you see it and
don't get me wrong I understand the need
for security I was gonna be safe I ain't
trying to hate on no one trying to make
people say but usually it's like hey we
don't know what this item is we need to
double check it but he's literally like
hey this is what it is the small statue
it looks like this this is how big it is
this is how it what color it is this is
everything why do why do I need to see
it then at this point I'm pissed cuz the
final boarding call just keeps going off
key to enough and he is moving so slow
and don't get me wrong it's not like a
slow for medical reasons which of course
I respect but it took a slows and like
hey I'm the master and chief of this
conveyor belt in a moment
I'm on a power trip and I'm gonna go
slow because I can go slow
oh hell master of the conveyor belt so
now I'm just pissed I open my suitcase
I give him a statue Mike your new
luckiest as a good a statue which is
like the Hindu god no but you better
start praying right now because if I
miss my flight
imma kill you I'm not sure take this
keep it madam why you getting so upset
because this is where my foot job you
started coming off as I was like right
I'm sure you're moving so slow you have
no respect my flight is leaving I just
asked me to go quicker I'm asking for
help you ignore me I do I just like I
was mmm-hmm I wanted to animality
straight up Mortal Kombat animality I
will show you my hands when I'm tying my
string right now animality
anyone is void of Y being upset madam
even said that's closed by you getting
upset madam it's just like there's a
sound effect on his voice and that sound
effects name is Atari
that's how slow it was but doesn't
matter because I made to Banglore I did
my show but to be honest right now at
this moment he's probably still checking
the bed of the girl that was behind me
okay
that's how slow we also have this game
called thumbs up words that categories
are yellow
Bank orange you guys and we all got
diarrhea stick mm-hmm was that just me
and we got this game called one of the
chances John tell me what are the
chances you'll give Lily a lap down oh
one other thing I wanted Wow - Chris
play one two three six so one of my
unicorns of SHINee is really allergic to
not been so difficult in India because
I'm not allergies do not exist in India
and we're not such a high noon system
they're like not eligible
so here it's been such a mission because
everything she eats you gets a reaction
to like it's happened five seven five
whole times already a straight-up
stressful we just changed part of our
dance and all the choreo that gospel
EpiPens you know any was just like pop
locking Shinji rolls by his I sat down
tap-tap-tap by the end of it's stressful
it's just she's so allergic that she's
so allergic to nuts if a dude was a
pelvic thrusting year she would
straight-up swell laughs up and we made
a new sound probable Dumbo yeah - ah oh
boy
so x @dm no in conclusion chase almost
died keyonna almost broke her nose Oh
show me his pink eye I went to the
hospital yesterday everything's going
swell yes I posted a picture of myself
in the hospital because I had to go I
was like falling and dying and not
feeling wrong they pumped me full of IV
whole bunch of needles but now I'm
feeling way way better thank you for all
your kind wishes I've had a day off to
rest I am feeling better as you can see
and I'm ready to continue taking you on
a trip to unicorn Island Iced I wouldn't
say I'm gonna say it anyways thank you
for your patience during the tour is
hard to upload a hard to do on stuff and
I'm trying map so the best you haven't
got ticket to the show yet it is getting
great reviews if I may say so myself
so grab your tickets all informations in
the description lets tell you more about
it we're having such an amazing time on
tour and we're coming to many more
places like Singapore Hong Kong
Australia goodbye UK
you already got tickets anyone know
where else we're coming triple w dot
Lilly Singh tor.com is where you need to
go get your tickets we're gonna take you
on a trip to unicorn ma I love you so
much why love superwoman that is a wrap
and things but love are you
