where in the world is superwoman today a
Mumbai to stop my world tour I am so
tired and so this videos gonna be so
weird whatever I wanted to girl
superwoman and before I go start I wanna
let you know there are three very
special announcements at the end of this
video so stay tuned so I think it's safe
to say that social media has like taking
over our lives and we don't get me wrong
we do hear like the occasional sounds of
nature birds chirping here and there's
just kidding that's probably the tweets
from your Twitter app okay
wheeze EFT and there's so many different
types of social medias your Instagram
your Facebook your Twitter your vine or
snapchat your Google+ wait what school
bus hello
don't be insensitive it's a store where
the bigger Google searches go to get
their clothes da and because common
sense isn't so common I thought I would
give you ten unspoken rules of social
media that we should all follow number
one leg up somebody's beside you and
you're scrolling through your Instagram
and you see their post you have to
double tap it okay why because they're
100% looking at what you're doing on
your phone how do I know this because
when I'm standing somewhere and someone
else is on their phone
I'm always looking at what they're doing
and I'm judging them 110 percent
therefore it is absolutely mandatory to
like a picture when that person is in
your presence and I get it you might not
care about their salads you might not
even like the roll TV you might hate
their auto-peep they're OOTD could be
giving you a seizure
it doesn't matter what I like that
picture one time I was on bus sitting
behind my friend what thought was my
friend at the Warlock okay and she was
scrolling through stuff I saw her scroll
past my picture that it was nothing no
double tap no single time no taps at all
it's a desert up in here she gave me no
time of day she'd read my caption and I
remember getting off that bus and
thinking oh my god I can never be
friends with you because you're a
horrible person and you know you're
probably racist and probably a thief
anyway so I'm never inviting you're
always like the person's victim number
two as a mature adult okay I'm upset
that my friend
still talk to my exes like another child
okay however on social media you are not
allowed to like your friend ex's post
because that's just a public fu to your
friend you see this bottle this is what
my thing is water but not this is a
bottle of my sexy confidence okay
because I have a reputation to uphold up
on these Facebook's son okay and you
liking my ex's pictures is destroying my
street cred
I don't publicly disrespect me like that
because you don't understand what you're
opening the doors so people are gonna
see that you're liking my exit pictures
I'm going to only write about you she
has like the smelliest farts ever look
appealing assume all that thing darn it
number three if it is me one of those
couples that's all public display of
affection on Facebook do you post as
many tie dress matching pictures as you
want to just to know that the second you
change that profile picture everyone is
going to assume that you're breaking up
Tiwa notes because I want to know
something single I check their profile
picture and you do the same thing why
because well pathetic stalker human
being and to be honest maybe nothing
happened maybe you took a new profile
picture you're like my booty hook and
right I'm gonna change my profile
picture but everyone I'm just gonna
remember hey my profile picture used to
be of two Twix now it's of a single Mars
I bet you they ate a KitKat and took a
break stories jump Rama some will
be made is the never both the best thing
to do is to keep the relationship off
Facebook and where it belongs okay in F
in couples counseling number fall yo
dumb
let me brought back down we okay we're
all in the same struggle together okay
we're all trying to make it y'all have
our own issues so I'm confused as to why
you post pictures of me and you on
Instagram but you ain't tagging you
don't what do I not deserve your tag
because now I'm just this anonymous
figure in your picture okay I am the
unknown I'm just a floating hey where no
one will ever know what my name is thank
you for making me Rihanna and just got
me like oh man what's my name
nobody knows what you mad well are you
mad you want to tag you want your
followers maybe go to my profile
well she Nina post a filter hashtag no
filter without cool she is oh my god not
a double tap so many pictures I'm gonna
put my double tapping priority to her
not you
you rude I want to be tagged here why
won't you tag me I want to be it number
five I think this is the most common one
when is your friend's birthday is
absolutely mandatory to post an
Instagram and/or Facebook status with a
huge long street caption with a minimum
minimum a for customize hashtags to
describe your friendship if you really
love them then you want to make a
picture collage I'm talking like four
pictures from back in the day we sit
most recent like suitcase if this is not
done it's as simple as you don't love
your friend and your wishes mean nothing
and your gift means nothing because you
could literally buy me a yacht and I
will receive the yacht in the oh my God
thank you so much so am I going to read
your caption on on the yacht or over
we're gonna read it on the dock and then
and then board the yacht because where's
my caption this is the modern-day
friendship bracelet my friend moving on
from that number 6 it is absolutely
mandatory to post a thank-you status
after your birthday so you can thank all
the 500 people you do not know who wish
to happy birthday on your wall and I'm
talking like no special message no
exclusive method no specific message to
you just happy birthday you got to thank
all of those people in a status or
you're ungrateful
okay and you don't post a status and
your super ungrateful because hi your
neighbor's uncle's sister wished you
happy birthday
because Facebook told her to let holes
right there and you need to use the
following words lucky blessed amazing oh
my god I just wanna thank everybody for
the birthday wishes I'm so blessed to
have all these people in my life who
read the upper right corner of Facebook
and wish me happy birthday even though
didn't color text me I'm so lucky you're
all amazing I'm so tired I'm so weird
huh when did I put lipstick on number
seven and this will give me a little bit
deep and sentimental I mean it's my
bottom my heart hear me when I say a
status will not change the world people
will so if yours are mine people that
like to
cool religious sentimental dramatic
statuses thinking's have changed the
world hi let's talk for a second do not
forget that some people on your Facebook
friend list actually moving in real life
and can detect when you're full of crap
because you can't just write a status
will be a good person and be a horrible
person
in real life they say Kevin Hannah
Montana you want living a double life
you can't be Mother Teresa on Facebook
then everything I even whose offline if
you understood that reference we can be
friends I know what straight up is doing
wasting your time reading some dramatic
and we Status use that time and you do
something useful go plant a tree brah
okay you would have planted a tree that
tree could have starred in the last Lord
of the Rings movie you could have made a
star number eight today is a number and
it is if one of your friends tweets you
it is absolutely mandatory to eat a
favorite or retweet that tweet even if
it is the world's most useless tweet
this is just your way of saying hey I
see you I see your tweet I don't really
want to give it a hundred and forty
characters back so I'm gonna just click
this button for the sake of our
friendship and once you remember my
passionate dedication while I press this
button the next time I miss a few
leagues out with your boyfriend number
nine you cannot post a picture of you
and your friend on Instagram if you look
fabulous and your friend looks like
absolute crap unless yes there isn't
unless unless you post a picture like
that and your friend also post a picture
where they look better than you and I'm
going to explain why right now if I post
a picture and I'm saying you're on a
bomb instead you're my friend kind of
looks like she just got hit by a truck I
mean you look like you got hit by a
truck it's cool whatever whatever that
cars dizzy you were accidentally on the
runway it's cool like all cars at you
every one of the Disney characters hit
you in the face before this I'm so tired
that before the selfie that's really
funny I'm sorry dr. Joe every car from
cars hits you what's the cars name look
Mecca
McVean the car the red car hit you in
the face okay and you look like crap but
if I tell you this picture right now and
people go to your profile okay and they
look at the picture where I look like
crap thank you I'm going to give this
person a second chance because maybe
they're not always getting hit by cars
maybe they actually like normal human
being and therefore it's okay
but it has been a mutual thing we both
have a nice ugly combination it can't
just be that I'm posting a picture a
one-off picture where I look good my
friend looks like crap especially if the
filters don't flatter my friend I can't
be like oh look at me I look so angelic
with Amaro but oh my friend wasn't born
with a nose my bad
that's not cool you cannot do that
number 10 and many of you may disagree
with this but I understand the passion
about it if you come to my wall under my
post and correct my grammar we are not
friends hear me loud and clear when I
say so I don't get your you are you're
here this is my wall and I will have as
much grammar or lack thereof as I please
it so now I understand why why did my
poor grammar bother you and bother you
that's too bad cuz you know what your
profile picture bothers me you don't see
me going up on your profile be like let
me take your picture pop into Photoshop
and correct that check correct your face
I don't know grammar let it be it's fine
my wall will not go on to be in the
honorary program your wall go
congratulations okay anyways time for my
three big announcements number one
surprise I have a new app a unicorn
island app it is free is for Android and
Apple the link is in the description
download and you can see all the
backstage access of my world tour which
is starting in a few hours you'll get
access to secret meetups that I do
across the world they just get a whole
bunch of other cool fan interaction cool
stuff so new app it is free download
that the link is in the description and
I hope you're applying people in that
app which is being so interactive with
all of you so go ahead and download that
all the informations in the description
number two a trip to
corn island officially has an Instagram
and a Twitter link is in the description
you can tag us check us out stop me it's
totally active all the time so if you
want more of this then make sure you
follow both those things
number three tickets to the UK
officially went on sale today and
they're almost sold out so go ahead and
divert cheeks to the UK triple W Lucy
week or comm ticket from Hong Kong is
still on sale Australia and Singapore
still on sale and surprise I have a few
more tickets for my first show tomorrow
India and all the shows and get has been
sold out a few tickets that have been
held are opening up check the link below
in the description tomorrow 50 more
tickets to my 19th show my show on the
19th tomorrow it gave a few hours a game
right now are opening up and how you can
get those tickets is in description
you're gonna physically go to box office
what 50 tickets are opening up and the
first few people to go will get tickets
to my first show tomorrow which is was
that section was sold out initially but
well bring tickets and that's my attempt
to speak English I'm sorry I'm so tired
I just really wanted to make a video and
not let you down so I apologize if like
I sound like I'm sleeping because I am
comment below let me know if you like
this video check on my last video is
right there you can check out my daily
blog right there as well make sure you
subscribe because I make videos every
Monday and Thursday and I really try to
stick to that promise
one love superwoman that is a wrap my
badass I love you did I will destroy
your last video I'm matter what this
lipstick on
