Ochs where in the world is to boom to
the eighth and land of no see what I'm
going to girl superwoman and y'all know
cousins video since time I'm talking
like way back when Zayn Malik was still
in one direction okay way back on my
compass made sense now that compositions
F it's time now I'm going south and
takes me to Kanye's daughter confusion
what is this video even about it's about
restaurant geography but most important
love so here it is types of people at
restaurants but I gotta warn you usually
when our restaurants I'm not paying any
attention to the people because I like
fries more than humans so that's my
situation I don't understand what humans
think they're so important on it oh
we're on top of the food chain like okay
food is obviously on the top of the food
chain duh duh number one the distracted
diner now let's be real I'm in no
position to you're mad at people if
they're busy because I'm super busy but
if I go to dinner with you I actually
expect to enjoy your company okay I do
not come to dinner just to watch you
talk on the phone and text because if I
want to watch someone interact with
technology I will watch big hero six but
I'm here to consume calories and eat all
of the bad fats and carry real testable
who loves food I find it not only
disrespectful to me but disrespectful to
the food okay look at this pasta on your
plate that boil the whole nine minutes
just to serve your ungrateful self and
sure this pastor could have been in the
back right now unwind me okay
take us up shots with its friends booing
the limbo take your selfies at the gym
hashtag al dente but instead this past
us up in here being ignored by you and
now if you cannot provide the pasta with
love then do not order the pasta what up
past our rights in serious question if
you weren't busy why don't you tell me
you were busy because I wouldn't have
been hurt I'm not infatuated with you
I'm infatuated with dessert I can't even
tell you what color either but I can
tell you exactly how many chocolate
chips off
Sunday right now number two the capital
that is the person who sits down for
dinner it instantly starts a
conversation with you and I'm that cool
I love people I have talking but then
the waitress comes around she said Oh
have ya a chance look at the menu in
this new dog oh no not yet sorry give us
a minute number one cool and then he
starts talking about something else and
then five minutes there the weight just
comes back in 200 so what can I get you
ordered he says all my best to have a
look at the menus and I'm all like hey
why don't we look at the menu because
sometimes that's what people do in these
establishments so I opened my menu and
I'd be like half an appetizing okay so
what about the buffalo wings and this
home is all like oh I'm G have you ever
been to Buffalo let me tell you all
about this time I went to Buffalo so I'm
over here starving to death like okay yo
what about the burrito and this dude
like did I tell you about that time I
went to Mexico and I'm like a Barack
he's over you're chatting up a storm for
the first time in my life I want silent
reading not this wood I'm getting really
hungry I'm getting so hungry that I'm
texting people for no reason okay just
using food emojis hoping that by fingers
will intake some sort of calories
honestly this digital pizza slice is
giving me light for right now
and then hits me oMG I'm in the effing
Hunger Games that's what's going on this
is a new stadium this is the fourth
movie
this dude is the capital I'm Katniss all
of a sudden the waiter over there he
said okay where's Peter for the work oh
that's right
there is no Peters cuz we didn't order
yet number three affectionate eaters now
nothing makes me feel more uncomfortable
at a restaurant than watching a couple
making up while I eat my food I'm just
like girl that is not the newel you
should be focusing on right now and the
most annoying couple is the one that
just goes against the ceiling protocol
ignore I'm talking about there's a seat
here there's a table there's a seat
there but they want to sit next to each
other like two awkward Turtles like I
don't comprehend you get out into a bus
and I take a driver's seat you deciding
I'm not going to sit in this car instead
I'm gonna sit on the roof of the car
there is a protocol there's wood let me
break it down to rule number one if you
are part of an annoying couple that
makes up restaurants first thing I do is
take several seats
there's one right there like straight up
food is their last priority this dude is
or is like is using myself can I take a
veggie burger enough sit in there like
okay for a vegetarian you should
grabbing a lot of breasts there bra
number for one bill Jill now we all know
one bill Jolley
this is the waitress that absolutely
refuses to split a bill amongst friends
and to be honest term in her name might
not be Joe it might even be a he but
bill rhymes to Jill and therefore it
will forever be Joe I don't think the
rules okay this is just what it is
nothing that we're going on with a group
of friends you know exactly what's up
there's gonna be eight of you you're all
gonna want to pay separately but not on
that you're all don't want to pay
differently we got credit cards debit
cards cash bus tokens certified check
everything and then there's gonna be
that one friend that's all I know should
we just split it and I'm gonna be like
split excuse me I had a salad you had a
steak okay I had a water I see your soda
or pop depending on which part of North
America are you from it's pop though its
pop though it's pot oh I see this for
$2.99
so as you can see the struggle is too
real when the waitress gives one bill
because it doesn't matter how smart we
are okay it will take an infinite amount
of time for eight people with
smartphones to figure out how to evenly
separate a bill it just will not happen
and it's at moments like this where I
just sit and reflect and I'm like holy F
that math test actually mattered because
I'm agree with you I don't know how to
find X even if it was at the end of Zayn
Malik's tweets oh my god that's Tuesday
and references that I'm not okay number
five the fake take dates say that a ten
times a pastor yo question for you
question me one day is it Monday today
sorry it doesn't matter because if I hop
in this restaurant
today is my birthday because that's for
real if that dessert is gonna come up
with a singing parade that today I'm
turning 19 and I genuinely feel I'm an
honest person but the cost of my honesty
is a warm brownie with two scoops of ice
cream and I'm not ashamed with that and
to be real I'd love to carry on this
ethical conversation but as you can see
from the sparkler
my brownie right now it's my birthday so
I should be celebrating and not talking
to you was that so you only want people
by you remember they okay well you know
what I want to speak to your manager
because it's racism that's right
bring me my brownie sucker okay it ain't
even my birthday I just have my period
so please
well there you have it this is the first
ever video I have recorded with people
in the room oh forget that high-five out
of comfort zone yeah comment below let
me know if I missed any type of people
in restaurants because I want to know
what your experiences are you can also
check out my last video right there it
is called sorry not sorry it is a really
cool inspirational message so check that
out also don't forget you can buy
tickets to my tour at losing tour calm
Singapore Australia more India tickets
Hongkong all on sale the link is in the
description if you do this be a big
thumbs up subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and I
would love nothing more than for you to
be here not in this room but digitally I
love you to be here what I love the room
is a wrap and some
