whatever wanted to girl superwoman and
hi my name is Lilly Singh for those of
you that may or may not know me I make
two comedy videos every single week and
I'm currently preparing for my world
tour and I announced that I might be
kind of off with my schedule because of
all the chaotic preparations don't today
I don't have a video but I do have
something to say because something
happened today that really made me think
and I really want to share it with you
so today I was really busy running
around do go into things and I had two
meetings so before the meetings I had no
time to get ready like I usually would
and I found myself texting the people I
was having a meeting with who are also
my friends saying hey just a heads up I
look like a mess sorry don't judge me
and I did that twice and that's because
I was dressed like this but more so I'd
have any makeup on my face and have dark
circles under my eyes and I have a whole
bunch of acne and I have half an eyebrow
or sometimes one eyebrow but then a few
hours after my meetings when I calm down
a little bit and gathered my thoughts it
really hit me that I actually apologized
to people for looking like a mess and
not wearing makeup and then I was like
girl did I really just apologize for not
wearing makeup and then I yelled at
myself because I thought since when do I
have to apologize for looking like
myself and since when is looking like
myself considered a mess and really
really truly mean this I love makeup and
I love the way it makes me feel and my
goal I enjoy putting on makeup and you
know it does give me a sense of
confidence but since when do I have to
feel bad when I don't wear makeup and I
feel like I don't just do this because I
know a lot of my other girlfriends
message me saying hey I look like a mask
not wearing makeup dojang me I'm just
like why do we do that that is not okay
looking like yourself is not something
you to be sorry for
and I feel like I just have the greatest
realisation of life today and I mean
this is the most humble way I try my
best to be a really nice person and
really kind to people and hard-working
and honest and that's what makes me
pretty not the makeup on my face and
when I see other people and what draws
me to other people's how they make me
feel not the makeup on their face
excuse my language when I say at that so
basically this video is me saying I
retract my apologies to everyone I've
ever given for saying hey I'm sorry look
like a mess and I'm not wearing makeup
no you know I'm not sorry this is how I
look without makeup and I'm really happy
about it
so I just wanted to remind all of you
girls especially if you're younger that
you don't need to wear makeup you can
and there's nothing wrong with it it's
awesome but if you don't you're so
awesome you agree with this video and
you're a male or a female because I feel
like males and females agree with this
please share with a woman who needs to
hear this
that's it that's my video that is my
video
if you like this video give it a thumbs
up I usually make call me videos but
like I said super Kiana with my tour but
I really want to show us with you
you want to check out one my comment
videos check out my last one right there
it is called why hotel stressed me or
something along those lines you can also
check out my daily vlogs right there and
make sure you subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
I'll see you on Monday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
