where in the world is superwoman today
eight in New York whatever one's a girl
superwoman and I'm in a hotel motel
holiday inn
and this light is super unflattering but
I figure we're all friends here so I was
okay but I look like a total slob we'll
just pretend this is ice age not to be
honest I'm not a huge fan of staying in
hotels because I feel like you never
feel like you're at home you know what I
mean like I prefer renting places than
staying at a hotel but sometimes for
shorter trips need to shut the F up and
go with the flow although the older book
and outlook high-flow do get it so
hopefully you can relate to this video
of why hotel stress me out should we get
to it let's get to it first of all do
you see this no no do you do you see
this look at my hair true story you
don't know younger I want to dress up as
a witch for Halloween so I bought a
costume bought the wave went home and I
was upset and devastated when I realized
my hair was longer than the witch's wig
no straight up my hair be hella long
okay Rapunzel posts pictures of me on
instagram with the hashtag gold my hair
is so long and if I didn't reposition it
when I went P it would follow the toilet
I'm being serious it's a real struggle I
literally have to do a whole thing I'm
sitting my bouquet
that's your name it's a whole process
I'm just trying to let you know the
situation so when I walk into a hotel
and I see this I literally lol what is
this gonna do for me but did this
washing my hair
this ain't washing no hair on know how
to cure this would wash the hair on my
legs if I didn't shave for a week that's
what this is doing and I know what
you're thinking one just call them and
ask them for more shampoo personal
that's gonna take like 5000 minutes for
them to give me my shampoo and on top of
that I'm trying to turn the shower into
a club actually like I got bottle
service okay just straight up like a
Meek Mill in the shower just popping
bottles up in the place because this is
ridiculous I swear it's like the before
pictures and in hair transplant
infomercial
me more shampooing this
like time to catch another Bank this way
and then I try to make a joke good
moving on I can't tell you how many
hotels I've been to where the washroom
doesn't have a lock and I'm just like
who thought this was a good idea
did you John did you Joe did you think
that's it okay that's actually a longer
actually chair but like even they think
it's stupid because I truly feel like
locking the door when I pee is a very
standard need and like the hotels got
everything else so just confuses me cuz
I walk up into my washroom and they got
42 towels okay
in eight different sizes they got towels
for everyone from size Tyrion to Optimus
Prime but y'all can't get a lock on the
washroom okay let's start with the
basics let me show you my career washing
Scituate need you to just put this light
over on look I disappear I want you to
look at we're gonna do this like a wall
style here this is the washroom okay all
right I just want you to this is the
handle and that my friends is the toilet
oh hello I see you peeing shirt that's
on the toilet that's got my whole
framing and yesh why would you have the
handle be a huge hole because when I'm
peeing I only want one hole to be open
and that ain't the one who gave the
green light to this design what's that
door oh no all right so let me ask you a
question friends what do people do when
they sleep huh you might be thinking
breasts okay rapid eye movement
consolidate information and I'm gonna
get nap they charge their phone and I
can't people charging their phones while
they sleep is a pretty common practice
so why isn't that the majority of hotels
I go to and got an outlet anywhere near
the bed there's an outlet over there in
the closet there's all that over there
under that chair that ain't no outlet
anywhere in this vicinity
what pourquoi it's like what do you
me to do tomorrow when my phone is dead
did you want me to interact with people
in real life
don't be crazy I have a better chance of
my phone getting charged by a
thunderbolt that hits my room and
finding outlet in an appropriate place
appropriate appropriate place in this
hotel room when Zeus is gonna charge my
phone faster than your hotel room
there's a problem I don't know what
you're thinking why don't you just
charge your phone and over there and go
to sleep over there and I'm just gonna
be like a burro
you're acting like I'm not gonna fall
asleep while stopping all people on
Instagram don't suggest ridiculous
things I also feel like a pretty happy
person but some of the most enraging
moments of my life have been I'm really
tired I come back to my hotel I'm
carrying a million things I go up to 420
in the elevator get to my room I know
what happened
the keycard doesn't work
I have zero willpower in those
situations the final standard drop my
bags and I'll look around for solution
hello hello hello I don't know whether I
would just keep trying I'm gonna do
whatever I can to not go back bastard
I'll just other
okay well this time mm okay well what if
I oh hey maybe this time mmm mmm sounds
that wall-e is puking Jack I'd rather
sleep in this hallway then go back down
to the lobby but of course I'm gonna
take a little walk back down to lobby
they're gonna be okay today miss scene
and then I'm gonna be like oh hi my hair
smells my friend took a picture of me PA
my phone's dead and my key card doesn't
work but I don't dance if I did and
let's talk about other hotels guests and
I don't get me wrong I love people I
generally love people but some guests
are hella obnoxious first of all let's
start with the fact that if I'm sleeping
and I hear any type of child outside in
the hallway i'ma just assume that I'm
gonna die because that has horror movie
written all over it and I don't care
what a logical explanation there could
be I don't care I fully know there's a
whole nursery school of kids staying at
the hotel okay I mean just
that years ago this used to be a haunted
campground now the Builder will tell the
top of it and now five year old Jessica
soul is under my bed and I'm gonna die
kids in hotels know and then there's the
guests who can't keep their lovemaking
twing minimum volume you know how many
times I've been in my room in the hotel
and I just heard the people next to me
going at it
okay now I mean at it I'm talking like
in jay-z and Beyonce may blue they're
making a hole paint set over there just
conceiving mad kids okay just so in love
and now I'm sitting over here with my
Cosmo my pizza watching Game of Thrones
just like I think Boo Boo's and it's not
helping my self-esteem your love is
selfish and it's causing me I created
medians without that having said all of
that in this hotel and I'm super happy
because I'm working on my world tour and
it is making just my soul feel wonderful
and positive just like to know tickets
for Australia Singapore and Hong Kong
are currently on sale you go to
triple-double innocent or dot-com and
grab those tickets when I disappear
because I am extremely confident they'll
also low because teen super is like like
they're kind of like the best
if you enjoyed this video give it a big
thumbs up you can check out my last
video right there it is called my
parents reacting to IV i v-i and it is
that o if foundation doesn't work out
also to the link in the description the
newest episode of Lana Steele's right
over there and that series is like
really impressing you so if you haven't
checked it out yet give it a chance is
really good I'll also put that link in
the description I'm on that um subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and I'd love B to be there
well send me lots of love and positivity
and motivation inspiration one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop but
before I know I could I not do this
under them that Devin hello
