where in the world is superwoman today a
in a comic book
yeah whatever I wanted two girls so
proven and today is a good day isn't it
a good day it feels like a good day I
hope you're having a good day smile
Miki fuck cooking so today I wanted my
facebook and I asked what do you
wonderful unicorns want to see for super
Thursday and a lot of you said my
parents reacting to my newest music
video IV i v-i be sure and humble the
poet and I'm like bow shell I would love
nothing more so I hope you enjoy my
parents reaction to this and after it's
done make sure you watch the whole video
because there's so many important
announcements I promise okay enjoy hello
hello hello I know what you think you
think all my born when jeans were
looking so cool today how you looking so
cool I'm going to tell you today I am
reviewing my daughter song IV i v-i okay
meaning Toronto so I waved my dinosaur
head not after today be reacting to my
stupid daughter's new song so he's doing
something tak tak tak tak tak so
relation watch me watch this one in
react so I say okay what I say I have to
do just clean house cook your dinner
that I'm free
shall we do it shall we do it okay let's
do it huh let's do it oh okay hello Oh
Yaya oh look at me I am driving car one
hand I'm so cool I want a ticket so my
mommy could help me driving car cool
I'm see happening very fast I don't like
too fast you see this this called city
life you know this is my company that
car is for driving not look at this one
do this one this is subway or goo huh
subways are going from home temple home
- but not for party okay
oh shit a special effect very monkeys
you learnt in diversity lou mina queen
here you never tell me my daughter with
the queen virginity what children
Lily hardily Ivy High Line look at me I
am sorting my samosas
burnt one over here nice one here
stroking my beard yes sir
which guard huh she's sending kiss to my
girl black why path√©tique and I brought
racist you could really I'm home to the
port I have beer you can need it
I am duck on fire love all races see
that's good I like a Mario Kart
I like a Diddy Kong Racing leave very
cold do not a diss look I am cool Eskimo
okay look at this you see special factor
what the hell
that's cream broken Berlin in City okay
fine Mumbai oh the Raptor you see you
see what up I have to reference are you
Lily yes Scarpa but this song for
spelling class Salam go on turn it off I
don't want to turn it on in city lady
she bunnies are miss I tell her what you
want ok you want to be whining when she
does my name funk it up she's get fungal
advice you DC keep thinking about me
because you know I'm punk a master body
buddy huh
ok ok look at me So You Think You Can
Dance
yes ok no no one Lily enough I don't
need to Lily please
Punjab Punjab open come Punjab Kurt's on
what why are you putting your hand in
your legs New York in my sippy oh it is
you stupid idiot that bird in your hair
birds die of your hair don't even notice
how you could make video but you don't
even know you see very big hairs looking
up dramatical
what is all this on your face there is
enough stupid on your face already home
it is like I eat masala juice by
syllable
because the song hot like masala okay
you see I you understand are these
people on browser
I di di I'm doing drum Oh drugs I am
doing my mummy dad no no they think I am
library but I am doing slow-motion drunk
and really music video they go like this
they they are broken it go like this
dance like this so what I think this
song is about listening to your parents
because if you don't listen to your
parents
you give them high blood pressure and
then they're going to have to go to
hospital and then when they go to
hospital doctor going to say you need IV
i v-i Canada you know I come to Canada
20 years ago seven dollar in my pockets
- okay when I used to live in India okay
it used to be bloody 30 degrees okay 30
degrees I walk to school no shoes in the
snow that's right I come to Canada for
better living this IV ie this IV i v-i
thank you okay thank you
one second hold on but put it I think
there's something oh okay thank you a
piece of parents dough if you haven't
checked an IV i v-i yet you can check
out the full music video by fitting in
the description right there or you can
go to triple w dot IV i v-i - video calm
you can also buy a song on iTunes or
Google Play whatever other Amazon eBay
pings of a sell music on and thank you
so much on behalf of home alone and I
for all your support
every time it's so overwhelming so thank
you for watching my heart but another
almost important announcements bow-bow
speaking of humble power and I we will
be performing together for the first
time ever we have never performed
laughs and IV i v-i when i make my
appearance at YouTube FanFest Toronto
May 2nd it is a free event at Dundas
Square free and there's also
opportunities for you to meet me all the
informations in the description but you
got to sign up to movie so go there
quick and make sure you come on May 2nd
to support us like I said first time
ever performing together gonna be up the
easy but cheesy hello IV i v-i be
performed in toronto as you may or may
not know i'm going on a world tour and
you should know that because I hope shut
up about it
tickets for Australia are on sale sale
they're on sale stills just they're on
sale I'm there about 80% sold out the
last time I checked so go quickly
there's five shows all the information
is in the description as well
Singapore your tickets just one on sale
yesterday there's still someone I think
is a VIP and front section sold out in
like 8 minutes or something so I know
how many tickets are left but go there
quickly to get tickets for the one
Singapore show my god yeah speaking of
world while I'm announcing another
country my next stop tonight and the
best way to find out where I'm going to
be going is by stopping me on Instagram
or going to triple w listen for calm and
signing it to the email list because
they'll let you know what's going on and
I can't tell you how many times I post a
show like I posted India and India sold
out and the next day so many people were
like oh my god come to India every come
to India and I'm like a bra while you
were checking my Instagram and dealt
with that thing that one and last but
not least my shops when I promise I just
wanna say I know I missed last Monday's
video and I wanted to openly just tell
you that during world tour prep you know
this world fair means tour mechanistic
this world tour means the world to me
it's acquiring a lot of time and energy
so all I'm going to ask is while I'm
prepping for it and while I'm on my
world tour I'm gonna have to ask your
patience in terms of if I miss a video
here or there or if it's late just
please the patient with me and try my
best I definitely still want to maintain
two videos a week even while I'm on tour
so I'm gonna try my absolute best but
just give me a little bit of leeway
thank you and I think that's all okay on
to the end board thingy oh hello I hope
you enjoyed this video if you did give
it a big thumbs up
see how many thumbs is up we can get
because I don't really know if you guys
like my parents reacting to stuff
let me know also you can check out my
last video right there it is guess what
it is IV i v-i look at that just plug in
it all over the place like an outlet or
just look right you can also check my
blog channel right there which is super
exciting because you can see all the
tour prep and all the stuff that's going
into it right there
last but not least make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and I would
love for you to be there and I hope you
happy smiling shit muah
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
ohh
