where in the world is superwoman today
in heaven now I have a second channel
where I usually post my vlogs rather
side to post this vlog on my main
channel because it is the best day of my
life so if you're not used to watching
my vlogs forgive me this is a very raw
style daily adventure thing I do I'm not
going to explain it I'm gonna say
anything else please enjoy the time I
met the rock today are the MTV Movie
Awards so I like struggle to sleep all
night get Ethel I actually slept but
like I woke up so anxious and just so
I'm just so excited you know what I'm
just so excited at him so I can't like I
can't like today is going to be a
psychologically emotionally challenging
day for me because I feel extreme knots
in my stomach and I just can't I just
can't
the theme of today is I just can okay so
Renee and nashua on their way to do my
hair and makeup if I make it to today
without puking and fainting that will be
an accomplishment you know when you're
so nervous that you literally flick
pukey like that's my situation right now
it's gonna be exciting about to be fine
days like this is why I started vlogging
because otherwise no one would see this
I would just be doing this alone
this is what family's about right here
all right look what poppy Robbie are you
ready for this I'll be a bag full of
unicorn stuff and okay we need to look
at this shirt real quick because it is
actually the best thing uh a what and he
got me teddy bears hitches this is why I
had the best people in my life the best
people I'm so excited do you know what
time it is I've missed this this is a
monumental I like don't even need to go
to the wars right now because they're
doing it for me okay
oh my god this Renee I can't it's good
to long it's been - look who else is
here
it's the bay Hey so everyone beginning
me gifts today I don't
made me this made me this necklace what
the coolest ever oh my god I love I love
you people everything is coming along
with the dream team hey hey hey and
mum's here to mom made me a vodka rock
star and I've chilled out a little bit
and I'm okay but look is cute right so
cute styled by skg hair by renee make a
pot - Lea drinks by Sarah it's a good
day for a couple three days a year we
decided every day he gave us a new thing
in Rio Walt yes
the door I don't approve I can't wait
for you to go through this footage later
don't put this in the vlog he's always
so awkward
I got burger
mommy
not so thing about dating Jerome is that
all the girls always all over him
red carpets are so awkward yet so fun I
love my Moses hardly so Jerome and I
already broke up this is how it happened
sacre bleu done
okay so shows what to start with it's an
awesome dad check it out
we're unicorn island us
so I'm thinking we just like this thing
up
I love candy table I'm fat
going
it's not just fun my body's not ready
nobody's not ready I can't so it's just
me or in real life do the commercial
seem so short I did commercials last ten
seconds in real life no like fights yeah
and on TV this was like five minutes
it's also during commercials like the
whole vibe to stick this is commercial
now and everyone's like Ranjan
I'm joking food learning so much
learning so much but learning while
drinking champagne dropping my phone's
off in champagne everything drop never
and everything
wait
first time school
Oh
a remote
thank you
my life
you're so on it context you can do not
this is I've already
my position
shows another pair
you can wear 70 bags we'll be down
I love a portion on stage I can we'll
talk later
Wayne Johnson
a movie over here can come in many
different forms while a boy grows into a
man the fight for civil rights changes
the course of American history on the
moon race the Falls the rock won the
rock won best move is the wrong one best
movie The Rock
is actually representation of what's
happening in my body right
so we just spent openness with me
reacting to the footage of me me okay
is because ecstasy oh okay oh my gosh oh
this is it this is good it's gonna can I
tell you listen the first time ever met
Sara I told her random bacala obsessed
with the rock and she made so much fun
to me she's like oh okay that's random
and the first time he ever tweeted me it
was during an award show he said hi a
good night superwoman I called her I
cried also the rock dude wait admit
you've seen me cry with rock today I met
him and he talked about me and he knows
me and he isn't a Tory to start you know
what my tours are starting with you
about unicorn Island you know you like
your videos you know everything
understood I can't I can't I can't
ah and then kissed oh my god so don't
worry I will have a sentimental moment
with you soon but right now I'm
functioning as a human being still we
are going out for dinner where we going
huh the ponds a steak house because I
have great friends that love me and care
about my well-being is vention he loves
me the kid of me he's like always just
like I want to everyone believe me could
we do she's me hey I need you to know
that the rock is me there and you just
took it away from me so mum went buck
and ordered everything on the menu look
at all this go
so I'm back in my hotel room mom just
left we hide in her and I'm here and I'm
just here with my thoughts right now I'm
not even you already know some
sentimental talk is coming right now
so just brace yourselves but like I
cannot even genuinely I nothing I say
will express what I'm feeling two years
ago okay and I discovered this when
someone tweeted this to me the first
time the rock ever tweeted me was
exactly two years ago so today is April
12th on April 13th which is it's past
12:00 so it's April 13 right now April
13 2013
during the MTV Movie Awards I tweeted
the rock and for the first time ever you
tweeted me back saying good night
Superman he probably had no idea who I
was
that was the MTV Movie Awards I was
watching it from home watching on my
computer tweeting him two years later
2015 I attend the MTV Movie Awards meet
the rock and I cannot even I have so
many things to tell you so okay so I
know my god Dwayne if you're watching
this are supportive watches please don't
make fun of me this is a thing for me
I'm like dying
oh but okay hold on shut up what are you
trying to say can you speak English okay
oh I need a minute okay every grouped I
haven't told you everything that has
happened because I knew that the day if
the day ever came when I met Dwayne it
would be a really big deal for not only
me before all of you because I feel like
you're part of my family you're part of
my life and my friends and you you you
love me in a way where you want to see
me achieve my dreams and goals just like
I want to see you as she achieve your
dreams and goals when the rock and I
started tweeting very freaked frequently
I can't even speak very frequently he
actually emailed me and I never publicly
said that because I was like I want a
one day surprise team super with this
because I know they work really hard
towards getting him notice to notice me
so he emailed back and forth a few times
became text buddies so when I knew who's
come to the Movie Awards my manager
everyone's like okay we'll try to figure
it out all the empty people try to
figure out like what effort I'm gonna
text him and ask him myself and I did
and I can honestly say he is one of the
most wonderful down-to-earth um
amazing inspiring hard-working people
I've ever met in my life and I didn't
even need to and what the words I said
to when I met him was I didn't even need
to meet you to tell you that because I
already knew and this is such a big deal
for me I know super dramatic to a lot of
people watching but he is that one
person I've looked up to since I was a
little girl and everyone used to asked
me like what's the number-one thing on
your bucket list and I can only say the
number one thing on my bucket list I
always told people before I died I have
to meet the rock and I achieved that
today I achieved the number-one thing on
my bucket list the top thing all my in
my life and admittedly I was terrified
to meet him because I was like nothing
in my life will ever surpass this
according to me I will not meet anyone
else in my life that ever surpassed this
that is how I felt about him and I met
him and he was even more wonderful in
person and what I want to say to you I'm
sorry I'm frazzled right now is thank
you so much to everyone watching you've
literally made my dreams come true this
is the biggest dream the biggest thing
that have ever happened to me and is
because you watch my videos is because
you share my videos is because you've
let me be a part of your day honestly if
the day ever mother effing comes where
you approach me on the streets and I
don't act like the most grateful person
in the world I give you full permission
to punch me because I owe you so much of
my life I owe you so much of the amazing
things like and I never want to be that
person who's not grateful from now until
the end of time I will be grateful for
everything you've ever given me
and you're freaking amazing and today I
lived out my biggest dream because of
you and I can only hope that when I meet
you I'm making you feel the same way
that's all I kind of hope the way he
made me feel today I hope I can make you
guys feel the same way that's it I am so
happy this is like the best day of my
life this is actually the best day of my
life I'm so happy right now thank you so
much
my makeups off my hair is crazy I'm
going to sleep it is I can't see the
time I think it's like what I don't know
what took one or something I don't know
ah
my flight is at 9:45 so I have to leave
the hotel at around 7 a.m. so I wasn't
playing to sleep but I mean I think more
much I have three more episodes of Game
of Thrones catch-up on season 5 premiere
today but I mean I didn't pay attention
back because I was too busy living out
my dreams um but I'm gonna watch those
last three episodes and then watch the
trailer for season 5 and then I told
humble to Dropbox me link to season 5 as
soon as you can so yeah I'm gonna catch
with Game of Thrones is an exciting day
all around I don't even know why blue go
to sleep there's no point of me even
dreaming anymore there's because the
game true um you're the best and I love
you and we will carry on this
conversation tomorrow thank you so much
for joining me on another day and have
you so much if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe sorry I'm sorry if this was a
long vlog just deal what up t-shirt
reference I am never ever ever ever
getting over this - if this is the first
vlog of mine you've ever seen I do daily
vlogs on my second channel you can check
out my last one right there click that
video and subscribe to see more vlogs
like this or if you like my main channel
stuff my last video was right there
it's called types of drivers the
annotations aren't working on your phone
I'll put the links to both of these
videos in the description make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday here channel
MTV shadows Android Johnson
I am on cloud mother-effing and I am so
happy I'll see you next time observe
IDEO so long one love superwoman that is
a wrap and Zoop
