where in the world is superwoman today a
la what am I going to girl superwoman
and with this lighting situation my set
makeup might look a little bit Cray so
if I look great
allow look at my facebook can I ask what
do you lovelies want to see for super
Thursday and someone suggested types of
drivers and I was like to be honest I've
been wanting to do this video for a real
long time
because there's some black people up on
the streets
also my voice is randomly disappearing
and I'm sounding like a man this is a
good start
anyways grab yourself a drink and a
friend and get ready to relate huh
oh I don't have a friend that's right
I'm alone is this water free he's not
even that good I should start the video
number one the multitasker now I know
this is horrible but we've all done this
at some time or another we all multitask
while driving it is the worst but there
are some people who do this on a regular
basis who everytime when they're in the
car they're doing seven things while
driving sitting behind the wheel tax
thing smoking eating shuffling through
the iPod doing everything except driving
safely or like taking selfies okay go I
did I go I get it okay you're up on the
highway going 100 kilometers an hour
okay in the middle of the road II just I
create this light right now is doing
your for me okay
I need to take a selfie your priorities
get switched at that moment you're just
like oh my eyes look phenomenal right
now just look at my eyes they're magical
in this light on this highway my eyes be
looking like the ocean Rose drop your
necklace into a noose take a selfie
I'll get it well my question to you is
okay if you died while taking the selfie
who is gonna filter and post that ish
get your mind straight because if you're
dead your selfie game is weak because
straight-up some of you girls are
ridiculous okay I've seen girls put on a
full face of makeup while driving and
I'm just like okay how are you driving
okay when
your liner stretching your face and
making a left turn at the same time
because the last time I checked you
weren't Ganesh okay so you might got
four arms you got bones if you got four
hours of you know just think about how
stupid your tombstone okay just like
died for a smoky eye okay and what if
you only finished one eye and not the
other honestly was good you're gathered
here today to celebrate the life of to
face Batman finally did it different I
looking like a Scarface poster stop stop
that noodle dose the solo performer now
this is the person who turns driving
into an event you know they're cruising
along carries my load business I can
tell their song comes on you know what
I'm talking about that song that song
that transforms the car into a concert
stage and the road ahead into thousands
of screaming fans because what I'm
driving and my sonken arms like I cannot
express to how much this person is me
the only reason I get into a car is to
have an imaginary concert like I don't
get why I would even enter a vehicle
watch to get from one place to another
you win because outside this car I'm
Lily
okay Lily was acne and trust issues
inside this car
I'm effin reread okay I can tell you
something so many times in the middle of
my solo performance up next whoop car in
some next Lane come the drives up and
you just like and I'm just like hi don't
judge me you're killing my vibe I'm all
up here
okay with my spirit fingers and you're
looking all about me like hi can you not
recognize all those superstardom up in
this car right now don't be looking at
me like that okay this car should be
verified on Twitter
that's how superstar it is number three
the bumper humper giggity-giggity
you ever be sitting in your car at a red
light okay
and even though you cannot move forward
you look in your rear-view mirror and
the car behind you inching forward and
you just like rough are you trying to
jump over my car because this is a road
with real vehicle K they say checkers
and even when you're driving you're
driving the speed limit even a little
bit above this visa but the person keeps
driving so close to you giving you no
space there ain't no space there's no
bubble okay
ain't no hubba bubba to be had up in
here it's like those people who talk too
close to your face and don't understand
how uncomfortable it is like this you're
doing that but on the road it's like
dude why you so up on my h1 just go
around me while you look on the road
turning this place into a soca jam huh
you trying to March my bumper like I did
you even buy my lunch at dinner okay
trying to push up on my Honda did you
even friend my hand on Facebook before
you try to get all these junk in the
trunk
homeboy just grinding on my Honda this
ain't no art Kelly music video okay this
is a residential street behave yourself
number four the parking flop now there
are some drivers out there who are good
drivers up there I say great drivers
dare I say the champion of drivers like
if this was a Mario Kart they'd be
cruising through Rainbow Road with their
eyes closed okay and I am one of those
drivers kind of maybe okay maybe not
cruising through rainbow I fall off
usually but I'm a pretty good driver but
when it comes to parking I am a hot
effing mess in fact like 90% of the car
accidents I've ever had in my life
happened in a parking lot while I was
driving one kilometer an hour usually
what's up parked the vehicle or like a
pole or like a tree okay that wasn't a
parking lot but that was just because I
wasn't paying attention but I was in
that tree came out of nowhere
I'm that person who parks at the back of
a parking lot okay because I am just
here to parking any other closer spots
and then I have to park there and say
something stupid to my pastor oh yeah I
like to park my care because you know
exercise is good for exercise and I
don't want you lazy that I'm so lazy
it's like
I would over it from the back of the
parking lot to the mall door okay but I
have to say that to you because I can't
afford also the idea of parallel parking
terrifies me because that's just
unnatural let me get this straight go
let me you'll expect me to stop in the
middle of traffic and then reversed in
between two cars without hitting the
curb okay that's a laughable I honestly
would win the game operation drunk
before I ever parallel park straight I
could give that man that I could give my
heart transplant with no buzzing before
I parallel park and as far as I'm
concerned if you can parallel park well
you're a wizard and a witch both you're
a wizard
you're oh wait how can I ship those two
names which you're which deserves
anyways this one time I tried to
parallel park in LA yeah let's just say
the next neighbor curbed I had to see a
therapist okay because I have used it
that much number five this speed bully I
swear to God
sometimes I feel like people on the road
have a death wish because I'll be
driving at my normal pace with all these
other vehicles and will be you know
driving a civilized people and then this
car will show up and you'll know they're
creating chaos does everyone else in the
car look like this guy oh my gosh
driving so fast then people start moving
out of their way because they feel
bullying because this person is bullying
people to move on
you're basically stealing our lunch
money but on the road and the first
thing that comes to my mind when I see
this person is like honestly where the
hell are the cops now because I swear
that I could be driving and just glance
at my phone like this my boy and someone
be pulling me over so why is the cop
never here in these situations mother
I'm going super saiyan up on the road
and this is this situation reminds me of
my mom because my mom always stays in
the car yelling at these people as if
they can hear her she better call ask
him back you going up baby good bet
you've got better you going so fast huh
doesn't end and I'm on the person
doesn't respond you know because they're
in a different car miles are handed you
cannot hear she gets doing more upset
just stupid you go crashing guys groans
huh where's the please which leads me to
my next person I'll just walk over here
number six the mime now this person is
just straight-up angry while on the road
and it might be totally valid or might
not be valid but the point is they fail
to realize that vehicles are not cell
phones your message does not get
delivered fool voice you ever see
someone angry at you on the road and
they drive by and they're just like hey
just like dude I don't know what you're
saying
because in my car I'm up in here
listening to Taylor Swift and all I see
is this which I guess to be fair could
you tell us of music video if she breaks
up with someone but like yo I love
Taylor Swift anyways hope you enjoyed
that video if you did make sure you give
it a big thumbs up and comment below you
can check out my last video right there
also I'm an Ellie right now for the MTV
Movie Awards and I'm so excited to
attending you can check out the Movie
Awards all the information on how you
can watch them or in the description so
make sure you do that cuz gonna be
exciting also before I go I got to tell
you if you live in India I made you a
promise that I was gonna make up for the
whole ticket thing that from before
check my Instagram or my Twitter to find
out how you can come on a trip to
unicorn Island with me
I always keep my promise I think that
make sure you subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday I
want you to be there
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
