where in the world is superwoman today
eight in a different room because my own
room is too messy
whatever wanted to girl superwoman that
iron though spicy so Jason Furman Anna
asked you all what do you want to see
and I've seen this request a few times
before but today it was just like the
top comet and the most amount of tweets
it was Google yourself and I was like
really no I've been asked to Google
myself before I really get it I watched
a few other videos and I was like oh
okay it's basically just a few minutes
of you like losing all of your
self-esteem so that's what we're gonna
do today is it hot a my heart I've I
dunno I'm sweating I'm sweating and my
computer broke and my confusion working
and where the hell is going on
Oh huh everything's frozen lady good you
better pause this okay let's just type
in my name Ally lly to Eldo video look
at that I am really sick okay okay there
I am cool
losing Twitter I am DB budget I should
not be on IMDB I'm in like two seconds
of one movie I do not belong on that
website let's try it Net Worth Twitter I
have your network fuckin know
let's try is Inco do you think this is
fine I'm having fun this thing is she
married
Bridget how old is she 18 19 I'm kidding
I'm 21
okay let's just try random letters
releasing earnings Wow
Net Worth income earnings you are really
curious as to how much I make Wow young
leasing young yes releasing on Law &
Order and oh yeah apparently all go on
order leasing house address unpossible
scared of you right now I am a little
terrified getting married okay so what
I've gathered here is you care about two
things me getting married and how much
I'm in s Sal please fix after me oh my
god
oh my god
send you my bank statements dot ever mom
leasing does what does the leasing
Dubuis what does Lily do for a living
Wow Wow
my videos are all over the internet and
people are asking what I do for a living
does releasing drink okay you see I
don't you know white youtuber would have
that search a brown cool does she drink
is she getting married how much does she
make racism try Lilly Singh sucks
let's serve someone oh I hate superwoman
super on YouTube sucks let's clap about
it superwoman is a fraud and she sucks
true are you one of the super advanced
then you're at the right place
firstly she started making videos which
were targeting religion discrimination
is that religion discrimination and
helping children through different means
of meth okay is this English she started
making videos which are targeting
religious discrimination helping
children through different means of
methods I what does that sentence me but
after she got popular social networks in
YouTube she started charging thousands
of dollars for speaking it made her her
business which probably isn't a great
way to start her career well damn I need
to call you for some career advice
because day I must be making no money I
bet you no one is searching online for
how much I make
okay let's try iisuperwomanii
iisuperwomanii merged - family cool cool
cool Twitter only why is YouTube nowhere
to be seen nobody liked my video oh you
ready is me because I support my married
is that icing right gay is I I supervise
a Muslim is I I said when I a virgin yes
to all of them I am a married gay Muslim
virgin person
all of those are random am I married no
and I am
depends who's asking me for Beyonce said
yes I'm a Muslim but no I don't follow
any religion but I have nothing against
Muslim people is supona version I mean
again it depends who's asking because of
his mom dad dad yes yes yes for the rest
of my life everyone trying get into my
pants though okay it's Superman a
version uncomfortable you see all
uncomfort in the frame right now yeah
does iisuperwomanii have a boyfriend
smoke kind of a smoke is another one
because my skin's ground that she smoked
telling me there's I swear I have a
boyfriend here okay images see what
ships are sailing okay so we got Zayn
Malik here we got Davey wavey you got
inquisitive got a puppy we got another
puppy got me almost kissing Kingsley got
me humble poet basically every man I or
animal I've ever taken a picture with
isn't even boyfriend right now okay okay
okay honestly this picture this is my
haha beta salafism I mean he does have a
pretty big okay know stuff ah
iisuperwomanii I hate just watch your
video don't really know how I feel about
it though I commented on her video which
pretty much sums up my thoughts when did
you guys think it's blonde why nigga so
rules of racism okay let's see how
people say I actually cannot stand this
girl who tries way too hard to be
something she's not I remember trying to
be a puppy I don't find him funny or
attractive and how old is she 24 25 26
is building to grow up and after age I
think some of our other videos are funny
and she's actually gorgeous that she
dressed nice her Oh what do mean what's
his oversized sweatshirt ain't doing it
for you I find her painfully unfunny
not even just unfunny painfully I causes
person pain I'm so crappy I caused this
person pain the way she dresses doesn't
do her any favors she looks way better
when she hurts them when it closed all I
have examples look at this oh my
right there oh my god oh no oh you like
these pictures the ones where you can
see my legs and cleavage and stomach
okay I get it anyway that that's pretty
much it I doesn't so bad I only need to
take like three shots right now not like
ten like I had assumed so what I've
gathered from googling myself is that
I'm a married gay virgin who is rich or
broke or you want to know what I haven't
well to be honest if someone had to be
totally up in my business I want to be
used so that's totally cool thank you so
much for watching this I hope you
enjoyed it it's a really different type
of video and obviously like I don't like
doing videos like this because again
I've said before you have like care
about me to like this video and I try to
make people laugh and smile
um but you requested it so if it's sex
I'm kind of kind of your fault yeah if
you liked it comment below let me know
give this video a big thumbs up also you
can check out my last video it is right
there's called types of cousins if the
annotation doesn't work on your phone
I'll put a link in the description so
that I in the corner of the screen you
can click there go to my tour website
because I will be updating you with more
cities and dates also click subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and last but not least you
have a set of Lanna steel right there I
will see you on Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap angel
pens in up up get hens in my book yeah
