where in the world is superwoman today
eight inside a rainbow what about when
it's a girl superwoman and I went on my
Facebook and my Twitter and my tinder
and I asked everybody what do you want
to see for super Thursday and so many of
you said another types of people video
so that I'm all like ah so I thought I
would do it types of cousins video
because let's be real we all got cousins
I mean it for some reason you don't some
will be invented
I feel like cousin is the universal term
for hey I saw you what my house one time
with your parents and then we all ate
samosas cousin and therefore we are now
related yeah this is one of those family
trees you might home depot okay the fake
ones cousin no both real click thumbs up
if you've ever been in a situation where
you didn't really know how you knew
someone so you just said you were
cousins just yeah yeah my cosmic we're
related to like my dad's moms and my
neighbors kids it's cousin truck music
it's like fourth cousin fourth cousin oh
okay so you mean like a stranger and can
we be real some cousins be fake as f
straight-up just like oh hey this is my
cousin yeah Jim Jim Carrey oh my name is
John what your name is John oh my bad
John sorry you know I probably got
confused from that mask you're wearing
all the time some polysporin real quick
for that burn invisible cousin John what
walk is you're invisible you can't be
Burt yeah okay that's gonna be one of
those type of videos number one the mask
debt segwayed oh now this is the cousin
that your family loves okay because
they're polite they're kind they always
listen they help with the dishes that
broke what a very nice pretty girl but
you and pretty girl have some mutual
friends and you know that pretty girl is
actually a steaming hot mess oh yes
she's an angel one family's around but
as soon as I'm teen uncle Lee she just
takes that hill pops it off and use that
ish and a bottle opener on her sixteenth
beer straight up just take that hand up
use that issue the hula hoop okay
twerking all the way to the club then
whoa
work it all the way to the club and the
most annoying part is when your parents
like see why can't you be like cut
pretty girls you're a so nice look at
your stupid and I'm just like yeah I
can't be her you know why I can't be
here because I have a weak back okay and
I can't stay bent over that
damn long second invisible bird effing
Miley Cyrus on the streets Hannah
Montana in front of the family go you
whack number two the bragging Brainiac
now we all have that one cousin who's
just super smart okay they get all the
good grades all the awards all the
scholarships and their public wings like
med school or law school or like the
school of big words and if you're saying
they're like okay I don't have a cousin
like that this is just preposterous
guess what that's a big word and it's
probable you can't even put now put
Posterous and family gatherings just
turn into a show and tell about how
smart you are bond your defense it's
usually not that cousin who wrecks it's
their parents who have no social skills
you know my thumb we did number one in
class what Tommy peed in class no Tommy
got highest grade in class okay well you
know he got a pullout surplus that's
like plus plus
teacher say they have to invent new
grade plus plus because he's so smart he
get every award he getting full of
scholarship you know that you know the
even won't pay for his pencils because
he getting all the flats applause oh and
I'm sitting over here like a bull rah if
I happy hear another word about how
smart you tell me is okay you gonna need
two red pluses okay cuz go take two
first aid kits to repair your face
because I get it I get it you're proud
of your kid your kid is very smart but
what you fail to realize is you sir
uncle are creating a situation for me
because now on the drive home I'm happy
here about how I don't study enough
dummy so smart don't me invent
electricity no call me make a goober and
then I'm gonna seem dumb and I'm worthy
and no one's gonna appreciate and
recognize my special skills and talents
okay like did you see my Auto TV last
night I mean during the day oh my god am
i dumb I meant a OTN of it wait outfit
of the night that's what I'm at night
Dave hmm yeah maybe Tommy you started
hmm I better move on to the next point
before this gets real awkward
number three the clean plate cousin now
I don't know if this is just me but when
I was younger I used to be a picky eater
and you like spinach I didn't like
vegetables or anything healthy and I
used to never finish my food but my
cousin would always eat her vegetables
always finish her spinach and always
drink her milk and it always made me
look bad and don't get me wrong okay I
have to try so hard to finish my food
and look good too
I would say I'm just trying to be the
giver okay just like hover over my food
I'll kill it it tastes like candy
tastes like candy yum yum yum Yum's such
a good candy ruining I'm over here
having spiritual rituals okay meditating
trying to finish my food and she's over
there getting passed on the back
high five sugar award ceremony going on
over there because she finished her
spinach and you know like this Audra
what what if I was allergic to
vegetables what if I always get
headaches now because you forced me to
eat peas and carrot on oh my god my
medical conditions are your fault just
praised for eating spinach well y'all
acting like she's Popeye and got her own
TV show okay no all she got is some
vitamin B calm your Tatas number four
the weirdo discuss it is weird I mean
that's pretty much it you see them at a
family party and they're just like
sitting in the corner counting stars
inside the house and they just like move
weird you know what I mean there's no
moving so creepily in would you like
that monster from Monster is like the
creepy one Randall this cousin is
Randall that's why he keeps Lagoon
except this cousin unlike Randall would
never get close to a booth and chances
are when you see them at a party they're
like dance really weird something like
that no that was the tip of the really
hot cousin who's like a model hey did
the sound effect with my mouth so I
we're not added in later yes saving time
number five the petite playmates and no
this is not a category of adult films
get your mind out of the gutter just be
a family party you know just minding
your own business looking at your watch
waiting for this to be over and then
your parents approach you with this five
year old cousin and this accordingly now
you have friends to play games with and
I'm like Doug I'm 26
what do you mean I don't play games
with kids okay I participate in
educational practices such as candy
crush and Mario Kart Inc I'm not a child
it happens to me all the time
I hate when my parents throw me under
the bus like this because really what
this means like hey the parents are in
this room over here we're trying to get
crunk and talk about gardening but we
can because this kid is hella anoying so
could you do that baby sit in this
situation and now I'm stuff with this
kid who is my cousin
what never seen before and this kid's
gonna ask so many questions is this your
phone what kind of focus it you have any
games can ever the games on your phone
what do you need is broken how did you
wreck it this kid has no chill and this
kid is stressing me out and now I'm
gonna have to sneak into my uncle's bar
and take two shots of Hakuna Matata what
up t-shirt reference I'm sorry I know
you can't see the shirt just like if I
take the camera more back you'll see all
this mess right here and this is the
creating the illusion of a clean room
right now so this is a shirt though oh
it means no worries for the rest of your
day it's a problem-free flea problem
flea damnit ami smarter than me anyways
those are types of cousins if I missed
one and you want to let me know TEVAR
cousin that you have comment below and
let me know make sure you give this
video a big thumbs up you can check out
my last video right there it's called
things I've learned while traveling if
the antigen doesn't work on your phone I
will also put the link in the
description you can check out my last
vlog right there also really cool if you
are on a phone or if you're not on the
phone this annotation will work in the
corner there you should see an eye click
that I will take you to Lilly Singh tour
calm where you can see all the cities
and dates of my upcoming tour and that
will constantly be updating so make sure
you join the email list click that right
there magic annotations and make sure
you subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and I would
love nothing more than for you to be
here I hope you have a wonderful day
and you're smiling because you deserve
an embed love you one love superwoman
that is a wrap edge
