where in the world is superwoman today a
Toronto home whatever wanted to girl
superwoman and throw tomatoes at me know
it for real throw rocks at my pancreas I
am the worst I am the worst my uploads
have been so inconsistent over the past
two weeks and I've been failing and
honestly I owe you an explanation and a
half the past two weeks I've been
travelling across India and let's just
say the Wi-Fi situation has not been
doing it I promise I tried so many times
to upload videos things just like app
and then I got back yesterday and jet
lag literally swallowed me alive so I
woke up this morning like a moon well
and I was like a Bashan you see I'll
just upload a video on Thursday but then
I was like not dare to do it because you
deserve better so I was like you know
what it's gonna be a Super Tuesday and
oMG so much has happened in two weeks I
announced my world tour in India with
the first stop being India this may say
mother decided to make a u-turn on a
one-way street and is now going another
direction and my heart the leads Justin
Bieber got roasted and it was
spectacular because he also roasted
everyone back in honestly he got me
catching the fields Ford via title is
now a thing which means jay-z will
basically become president it's the rock
in the Meriden and speaking of the rock
well I mean nothing's changed there he's
still damn fine anyways since I've been
traveling for the past forever in my
life I thought I'd make this video with
some of the things I've learned while
traveling and to be honest not all of
them might be funny but I figure like
you already watched the video this far
so I just want continued standards one
of the main things I've learned while
traveling is that hand signs in
different areas mean different things
and I learned this the hard way so you
know me in pictures I throw up all types
of posts okay I'm all about the poses
and my most common one is this but it
never used to be this it always used to
be this but it changed to this never
tell you want when I was in London once
I walk to a grocery store and I'll buy a
few things on my Jeff bazaars I'm a
coca-cola I'm walking out and there's
like the security camera so you know I'm
gonna be like all Taylor Swift up in the
place I'll walk out and I'm like to the
camera and my friend is a do
why don't you swear get the camera I'm
like egad
basically in London and probably several
other places in the world
this is the equivalent to the middle
finger because in my mind I've gone
beyond Taylor simply one left and these
people probably watched in the footage
being like yo this girl trying to be low
wane up in the place all right
try to rough up everything the public
thought I was gonna walk straight to the
bread aisle and friggin slap some buns
so I learned this the hard way and that
is why I'm pictures now I always do this
cuz apparently this is okay Casca what
are after so much traveling I have come
up with a strategy to avoid getting
homesick and I'll be real with you I
don't usually get homesick mostly
because my home be cray and hella
stressful but sometimes I do and the way
to avoid doing that is to keep one thing
consistent throughout your travels and
for me it is this this pillow this is
Keynes
okay Keynes because I scream I scream
Keynes and believe it or not Keim's
avoids me getting homesick because no
matter where I am the world what I'm
doing one with I know I'm gonna be
sleeping with Keynes tonight so if I'm
stranded in India with no plan on how to
get home it doesn't matter because I
have this pillow and it doesn't matter
if I'm feeling lonely in the North or
the west or most probably the South
because I have this pillow and it
doesn't matter if I'm single and failing
out relationships in every single
continent because I have this pillow it
really does help you know now things
differ greatly from country to country
but through my experiences I have
noticed that a few things remain
consistent and transcend borders
transcend is out there word new
transcend borders you know what I mean I
that will transcend means cross borders
chances are you will always find the
following things everywhere you go in
the world one direction Justin Bieber
Beyonce wrestling and coca-cola or Pepsi
the other day I was walking through a
village in Punjab and I saw a man in a
hut selling a Roman reigns t-shirt and
I'm like what the fiddlesticks
the advice I can give you that you're
ever in a foreign place and someone is
speaking to you and you don't know how
to respond just say Beyonce someone come
up to like 1/2 C key car detai Oh
Beyonce huh Beyonce Oh
Oh Beyonce al Beyonce yes yeah Beyonce
Beyonce yeah we don't say B don't they
put a ring on it huh ah
put a ring on it so even if I'm not
doing anything wrong it stresses me to
go through customs I don't know what it
is like the desks and the officers and
the cameras and the no phone signs and
then yeah yeah so every time I approach
a customs officer I always make a joke
and let me tell you 95% of the time that
joke results in no questions being asked
about my trip the other 5% the time okay
I've gone to jail or whatever but the
95% the time going then
so in Toronto before you go to a customs
officer you have to take a picture and
every single time I post the officer my
line is okay listen this is a really bad
picture of me but I promise you I'm like
really hot and all the other pictures
boom that's it lol laughter ha ha ha
we're friends we're deadly we're give
him props lookit he's not even asked
about much of he ain't even noticing the
5 iguanas I'm smuggling through the
border damn well on my way to becoming
miss Frizzle and the last thing I've
learned is actually a pretty sentimental
serious thing so if you listen to
nothing else was video listen to this
the main thing I've learned from
traveling is that what you know is
actually nothing and just hear me out
we've all grown up in one place knowing
one set of values one set of morals one
set of society community and just what's
normal but let me just tell you that's
not right that's just what you know and
when you travel and see countries around
the world you believe different things
that people have different values you
realize that there's no right and wrong
there's actually just different and
that's the best part about traveling
because it really broadens your horizons
to realize that dude why do I feel so
entitled and so right I'm living in this
little itty bitty place in the world and
there's so many other people in places
who believe something totally different
so I highly encourage you to travel for
that one reason because it'll really
make you see things in a new light but
hold up on a pole before I go huge
announcement like I said I announced my
world tour India is my first stop in May
this will be starting tickets for India
go on sale and literally 14 hours as a
live countdown on my website in 14 hours
in that you will be able to buy your
tickets the first people to go on a trip
to unicorn Island all other cities if
you want updates of when I will become
two and one to console releasing tor is
the website to go to join the email list
for updates but India the race is on in
14 hours
because tickets go on sale for you April
1st at one forty-three p.m.
Indian Standard Time one 43 because I
love you and I'm cute as f tell them
that if you liked my video comment below
give it a thumbs up I'm gonna extract
with the link for my website in an
annotation right there and I'll try my
best to make that annotation even work
on your phone so while they're on photo
computer click right there to go to my
to our website and hopefully it works
and if it did then freaking magic also
the latest episode of Lana Steele is
right there
and my daily vlogs are right over there
so click all that have a great time make
sure you subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and I
will see you on Thursday
with Wi-Fi what I love superwoman that
is a wrap and so get ready for a trip to
unicorn Island
