I told everyone I was going to India to
make a huge announcement on the stage at
YouTube FanFest
and I cannot explain how nervous and
excited I was to make this announcement
which is really rare because I'm usually
never nervous but I was so nervous on
stage while making this announcement
this project is such a passion project I
feel like it's my baby I've put so much
of my energy and time into making this
everything I want it to be and it just
means so much to me I wanted everything
to be perfect I went on that stage with
my heart beating super fast to tell the
world that I'd be finally going on my
own world tour a trip to unicorn Island
in my videos I often refer to a place
called unicorn Island and people usually
think that I'm just joking around or
being silly but unicorn island is a real
place for me it's a deep deep metaphor
for a happy place
in my life I've gone through a lot of
really hard times I went through
depression and I had so many challenges
that I overcame and I overcame because I
just decided to be happy and I decided
to be grateful and I decided to see life
for what it really is and that factor
life could be so awesome and when I
learned all that and truly believed that
I deserve to be happy I reached this
amazing State of Mind this amazing state
of happiness that I referred to as
unicorn island and I truly believe that
everyone has unicorn Island within them
sometimes we just forget and we get
caught up in all the things that are
wrong all they aren't going right and
all the things people say and think
about it we forget that that happy place
to lives within them might or is going
to be about reminding people that life
is beautiful that they are awesome and
that Unicorn Island does exist
