where in the world is superwoman today
India whatever bullets a girl superwoman
and I went on my Facebook and asked what
do you want to see for super Thursday
and so many of y'all said types of
people on snapchat and I'm like okay
okay I'm not a lie I'm no expert in
snapchat because I feel like if I have
too many social media thingies I'll just
end up being repetitive and I don't want
to be repetitive because like I feel
like if I have too many social media
thingies I'll just end up being
repetitive did you see it I did then you
thought you saw what I did this I'm so
ready
number one snap crappers oh yay
like I hate to be judgmental but can we
just be real for a second a lot of our
friends suck at snapchat like this is
not the most boring random crap and I'm
just like why do you think I would want
to see this I'm talking like I can't
even sit through your snaps okay like if
my attention span can't last seven
seconds to stare at your snaps there's a
problem because sometimes if I'm real
with you I shared a wall for like 60 70
seconds that's right okay your weddings
people I want you to look at a wall
right now look at wall right now and
she'd be like your goals snap goals
straight up I'm just tapping through
your snaps so quickly people think I'm
playing bejeweled okay just like kick
click click click click and I'm annoyed
at myself I'm so annoyed at myself you
know why because even though I know this
sucks I will still view the whole story
thinking it's gonna get better honestly
it's like reliving all of my
relationships now even that juniors
annoyed okay because it has to hold your
boring snaps key my finger has standards
okay my finger is outgoing my finger
enjoys long walks on the beach and use
up in here taking my finger on a first
date to the grocery store okay my finger
is bored and when I say boring snaps I
mean things like I just don't get like
why are you showing me this like why are
you showing me seven seconds of slow
moving traffic like what am I supposed
to do with this information right here
just like yes yes this is traffic
yes straight up you know why the
snapchat icon is a ghost huh because if
you jur snaps and died of boredom number
two
selfie conceded now we all have those
friends on snapchat that just stay
posting selfies of themselves and this
is my two cents okay I don't mind if
people post selfies I get it I post
selfies that like a good selfie here and
there but if you're gonna post a selfie
on Instagram I feel like you shouldn't
post the same selfie on snapchat like
how many times do I got to see your face
at least switch it up a little bit of
you because something I'll be posting a
picture on Instagram like and then you
rotate your smile like 0.3 degrees and
you post on snapchat that site and I
don't let it get it okay it's just weird
like on Instagram I get close to a
selfie you don't think it's permanent
you get likes you get comments all those
things that you can hold dear to
yourself will keep you warm at night but
a selfie on snapchat like that ish
disappears okay so I really don't get
why you're sending it so that I can get
yo you remember that one time you look
good for seven seconds people got nine
selfies up in their snapchat store okay
you know what that story's about sadness
okay it's a sad story this is a story
about a puppy who had no friends because
its owner too too many selfies and then
everybody died from diarrhea and it's
all your fault
I see slappy Oh selfie number three the
circus conductor turn that into get that
real quick if I had a dollar for every
time someone sent me a snap attempting
to get a kid to do something cute I
swear I would have like 29 whole dollars
this phone be madam sorry thank you you
know what I'm talking about those snaps
were someone's with a cute kid and so
they like to record them do it okay
Jacob say the line come on Jacob and
Jacob just like come on Jacob you set
the lineup it'll go save game for the
camera come on
there's a whole thing because you're
standing there like Jake I'm signed on
line and Jacob carp and I don't want to
say our line now I'm sitting here
freaking signing my finger off for
tinder okay Wayne treating it right like
I'm sure your kid is super cute
there's no denying this well my question
for you is why are you sending me the
snap if Jacob did say the line then why
did you press send because there is an
option to delete the snap and record
again so I want to know which person was
holding you at gunpoint lips shunderson
up even though this knob socks send us
back because this snap is a failure and
I know that hurts but this snap F this
this snap got an F or a duck however you
want to look at it ah because you I want
to hear the line okay if Jacob ate see
the line Jacob finger no business up on
my snapchat okay you know why Jacob
buzzing Twilight because he said the
line he performed therefore he belonged
on a screen it wasn't like the director
was like yo Jacob can you say the line
now he was like my name ya know you took
off your shirt and he said the line okay
is outraged leave Twilight is a better
depiction of real life than your snaps
okay the problem number four snap text
you ever send someone a snapchat you
can't make sure you were looking right
we're in the light your eyes looking all
hazel or boo if you're writing that
that's the thing and then the person
replies without blank screen and just
text written across mm-hmm like what the
hell is this what are we texting are we
snapping what's going on I need some
clarification on my social media use why
are you texting me through pictures on
snapchat okay honestly that's
disrespectful because I showed you my
face and you're responding with words
it's the equivalent of like sending
someone okay via text and why are you
doing this we both have iMessage if you
can't snap properly don't snap it's that
simple
take for example horses okay they don't
have fingers so you know what they do
they don't snap know your limitations so
now I got to carry on a conversation
with you through snaps with test and
I turn off my lights or finally go a
black wall or something and said you
text I'm gonna be able to be like 2.5
words on that ish this is a task now
this is inconvenient now and when I send
the snap I'm not gonna get that blue
your that message I position when you
when you set a test that hmm okay this
is not enjoyable I can't see when you're
typing this is against all of my texting
expectations and standards use the app
for what it's intended for okay pictures
of sunsets and sexting what who huh who
I'm just saying you okay when someone
takes a screenshot of your snap why do
you think the icon is of an explosion
I'm just saying I didn't make that
decision I number five the encore artist
you ever receive a snap from someone
okay in your view and you're like oh
this is so awesome and like funny and
like I'm kind of touched that you took
the time to send me the snap because
gotta be really you could have been
stabbing anyone in the world right now
did you here with me then you go ahead
and start making a friendship bracelet
for your new bestie until you check
their story and they posted the exact
same snap to their a story like Hesco
what did this special moment mean
nothing to you why you posting the same
thing you sent me to your story there's
now when I watch your story it's like I
know the story I've seen the story I'm
up in here watching the same movie twice
and can I tell you something my finger
feels dirty forever trusting you why do
you think I need to see your story twice
so what is your story inception where I
can't understand the first time I see
calm your selfie anyway that's all for
this video hope you liked it if I missed
any type of person on snapchat comment
below and let me know because truthfully
I don't know all the types of people and
you probably don't weigh weight better
way way better than me
and don't forget tomorrow in like less
than like 24 hours I will be performing
at YouTube FanFest here and Mumbai and
I'll be making my huge announcement live
on stage I'm so excited about but you're
not at the event or don't even engage
you can watch the livestream is
happening at 7:30 p.m.
Indian Standard Time so you can check
the description to see what time that is
where you are
it'll be at youtube.com slash manifest
again all descriptions there make sure
you check it out it's a huge huge yes
and of course if you liked this video
give it a big thumbs up check out my
last video it's right there if you want
to phone any practice annotation the
link will also be in the description
because I got you I make sure you
couldn't subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday
and I'm this weird every single time one
love superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
can't wait till tomorrow doe
