you just cover my shirt because I've
worn it before what up everyone it's
your girl superwoman and since I
released my new Islamic clean up anthem
you've all been requesting my parents
react to the cleanup anthem but now that
I'm home and able to do it let's get
into it
hello hello what's up on fleek props
when do you think
Chandigarh sector 17 okay today we're
going to be reacting to song clean up
and come by my daughter Ellie she sings
two per girl and I never heard this song
before I'd never seen with video I have
no idea what going to happen so you're
going to watch our YouTube channel a
good point oh no false tape is big
screen okay ready Oh
step one watch ad I mean what on
December 5 really free style in her
bubbly free styling my daughter set it
really hasn't sort of brain damage
cleanup and I'm good oh you see you see
stupid boy when the eyes this i never
knew Johnny Depp in this video lea
Johnny Depp in video I knew I knew she
bloody record so you play grounded
where'd you go huh LA we live to great
apology to noise Johnny Depp said no I
don't even do my makeup I mean get that
you record physically but Angie she's
looking really spicy but I look angry
I'm looking very nice there look at me
it's lipstick over look at me girl you
take my name Miranda Johnny Depp tell
them I am pirate of Caribbean okay I
said you know go on you know go out okay
huh that's right that's right I agree
with her this woman very smart right now
I am really woke up that's right see now
she want to clean her room she would say
mummy right Johnny Depp right I'm going
to clean my room ugh so messy room oh
look at this room you look at this room
move on back move on back boot or bad
Bhutan bed now she's going to clean your
room like good what the plan is
you had party you had party I never know
she have imparted like this what
happened to light everything black and
white yeah broken stupid look up look up
if I know she having party she be in
trouble okay okay look at me
cleaning my room useless guys not doing
any dishes never taining who look at me
moving arm like this look at me I'm not
listening to parents I'm so cool push a
folding clothes good girl yes should be
like that drink no Dre you see I've got
a we were having part you can take 32 of
me oh you see what Angie's know now that
useless man always try to clean your
room you bloody lying there dancing like
very body broke in the group cleaning
room now go sleep it never bloody happen
never bloody happen your mom get sad
that's right I'm sad look at me look at
me look what if you kept said she ready
said she make up subconscious journey I
will said we don't feel it that's like
my mom's you can comment now you see I'm
done Inu you're having party rhythm per
mg she got you good up they look like a
ghost possessed them like cleaning room
look Bram daddy crazy all of this one
hello look I have mustache I'll not go
see my room I'm taking off my hair and
cleaning the room oh look at me I'm
taking my face what one gee what a
bloody Andrew cheating on me Oh
man when Jeter you know I just I forget
this effort you know I together in an
opener is it hold this guy when g-good
dance and though okay look okay Jim Cady
come from mass he come green mess I'm
coming to clean room now but I mean yeah
oh oh he playing hockey bloody hell
listen what happened to his face I know
he that man from Batman bad guys look
bad man Batman bad guy what'd he say up
Panda Oh Luke I am your father
fantastic I bloody knew this bloody
useless daughter was having party I like
this song because I think it's example
for life okay then you said that mean
your brain dirty clean your room in your
brain
I like this if you like this song I'm
going to tell my daughter put it in the
blo part right there you click it if you
go to clean up video calm you can watch
this video if you go to clean up an
anthem calm you can bite on the I number
sign tunes and you can listen to the
song so please support this song because
he work very hard on this one and she
destroyed the whole bloody house so at
least uh make it for something uh tripod
hey damn parents doe I hope you enjoyed
that and on the note of the cleanup
anthem I did announce during my
livestream that I will be doing a
contest for people who dance to the
clean up anthem I know if you follow
Chris Brown on Instagram he does
something similar like a dance challenge
whether it's yourself or you grab your
friend or niece or nephew your mom
whatever make a video of you dancing
creatively or whatever to the clean-up
song posted on instagram use the hash
tag cleanup and them tag me at i suppo
my eye now we post some of my favorites
for example check out this one
before I go through really big
announcements the first episode of Lana
Steele is out episode 1 is right there
so click it check it out we worked so
hard on it so go over there tell the
mother unicorn Sencha and let me know
what you think about it they'll be new
episodes on that channel every Friday
also I am leaving for India in like
right now for YouTube FanFest which is
taking place on March 20th now there
will be a livestream of the event it is
7:30 p.m. to 10 p.m. Indian Standard
Time on the 20th which means if I've
been the 19th or 20th earth all
different different times depending on
your timezone I'll put all the
information in the description it will
be live screen I am closing the show I'm
the last act and I will be making a live
announcement on stage that will be a
huge announcement for me so I hope you
join in live I'm so excited
here's video big thumbs up make sure you
check out the cleanup phantom make sure
you subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday but forget all
of that more importantly make sure
you're smiling and having a good day I
will see you next time one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
muffed India
