another fancy hairdo and some makeup hey
looking flag don't you strip okay
because on Thursday I'm gonna go back to
looking like the before picture and
infomercials what if I wanted to girls
still open and I went on my Facebook and
asked what do you want to see for super
Monday and so many of you said types of
teenagers now that okay I used to be one
of those two nostalgia music now
and I know a lot of us changes as well
so please allow me to virtually focus to
get you and place you into stereotypical
categories k eggs number one the rebel
now this type of teenager is just
everybody's worst nightmare okay I'm
talking parents teachers sibling other
students generally happy people because
it's negative and mean and unpleasant to
be around the tumbler quotes literally
shiver in their presence I thought that
Exorcist was possessed rebellious
teenager then yeah I can go boo Barbie
hey what do you mean I can go one
direction also at home they are
troublemakers for no apparent reason
straight out if there was a forum will
be created just for teachers when future
or Bella's teenager slowly quality out
of a TV screen okay
with incomplete homework just like I'm
here to talk back to you and stick them
on your desk this is my addition also
stemming names teachers just be like
seven days after that kill me now and
the parents just be like yeah do you
understand why we threw her down the
well though and I don't even know one of
these people because I know you can
relate to what I'm about to say y'all
mold is at once to room in class with a
rebellious teenager at the bomb to cause
the scene that we know it fourth period
math we know there's a show about to go
down let's call the rebellious change or
kb4 don't resist because no kept Kevin
left the Backstreet Boys and
subconsciously I feel like I need to
take revenge on me so Ken 10 all right
class please take out your homework okay
miss Kevin nah
Teddy take out your homework I don't
feel like it
Kevin I'm gonna count to three mmm
yeah you should do it in Spanish so you
can make a pitbull song got it Kevin
last warning
hey shut up miss Kelly don't tell me
what to do okay zero to 100 real quick
real quick real em quick
okay check it I don't need it I read
widely just wow nothing okay okay oh do
i straight up it's like that scene from
home alone yeah that was a really good
movie though you know you know nothing
makes a feel like Christmas at home
sitting on the Christmas trees okay one
would have about right
politics know what I know is he's 18
that's why if it is over over some
homework epic you're in school you're in
a classroom what did you think was gonna
happen
you walk in and they're just are serving
you yslow but yeah would you like beat
us on that when you're startled creep
right no captain number two
forever fetus these are teenagers that
just refuse to grow up it doesn't matter
what happened to Bri first job
graduation driver's license none of that
is going to change me
why because I'm a Pokemon master every
time is teenager goes to a family party
they don't show up the adults know they
don't play with the kids okay color and
draw and finger paint and watch Bubble
Guppies like oh I'm sorry hi I can't
have an adult conversation with you
because my turn to hide which okay and
the tie game right now so I'll be back
welcome to McDonald's pretending stuff
is brother sister like yeah hi um can I
get a happy meal please yeah it's a
recipe all right boys you got cuz I
don't
I mean she's really like transformer so
what do you guys nah what else what else
what else
I have a bottle y'all take a selfie
green you know I don't even get to
control the ELSA fingers okay you want
to do okay I want the happy million I
want the Elsa figurine I want to them
just in case I move one I'm okay with
that
yeah you a cue I'll build two snowmen
judging me maybe I can't finish a whole
normal thing burger yeah yeah just one
small fries and for Nuggets we all know
this joke doesn't make sense to them
vegetarian which know what I'm talking
about number three the fan girl now this
is probably the most common type of
teenager in today's day and age they
usually look like this they usually talk
like this now when they cry did you do
like this but that one they're really
happy that you do go like this and then
live on Planet Twitter now that girls
don't just like people and things no no
it obsess over people and things fans
movies TV shows actors actresses books
Farrell's genuinely believe they're
gonna marry say Mike and Harry Styles
they will defend 5 seconds of summer to
the death goddammit they will take
astronomy class just so they can be
associated with The Fault in Our Stars
and there are names they don't have
identities know their name isn't
actually okay their name is Zane my
lover 0 1 3 and instead of Sharon she's
John man this is big by one more her
name ain't Tracy Tracy no she's Tyler
please noticing wondering that is not
her real name
okay and that will exaggerate all their
emotions so much just a miracle to
selfie and the comment to be like oMG
I'm crying I'm crying as I run are you
really crying and you I don't want you
upload your tears are you really crying
right now look if she don't even make
sense just a beautiful picture my
cheesecake on Google oh my god you're so
beautiful
I'll he she's not
repeat after me Justin Bieber is not the
Cheesecake like straight up your little
body in some supermarket you can just
get it together sister number four okay
now I've seen the movie spring breakers
and it mother-effing traumatized me and
just further confirmed and I'm never
gonna have kids I also recently went to
spring break in Cancun let me just tell
you these types of teenagers the spring
breakers give me anxiety and I know you
don't want to hear it if you're a parent
watching this but these the kids were
sporty
our always drunk smoke do drugs and just
have sex just hot messes right up there
with the high in high school and you
want to feel that you don't even across
the room from summer and you see
something about to fall off and just is
like you see it happening slow motion
you transition setting walk upon that oh
my god I saw happening I could that's
how I feel watching your teenagers
because I want to say them but I don't
know how and these are the teenagers
that are the first to die in horror
movies because they're sitting there
having drunken sex and the killer's just
sitting up in the corners I know my
knife right here you take your time
y'all do your thing can he does it a few
minutes you're gonna feel a stabbing
sensation okay and unlike him I'm
actually gonna finish you off oh you
always see the woman won't come oh my
god we shouldn't be doing this nah baby
some Haloid no I hear something not if
you just relax if you know what I hear
something - whoa what is that all it's
the sound of your decision-making skills
being killed slowly yeah
maybe stuck drinking shots a car
huh huh huh huh huh
number 5 the fashionistas these are the
teenagers that just have one priority in
life and that's looking at and fabulous
because an artisan who needs good grades
and responsibilities when you can have
winged liner and a cute dress
ah like girl what you think on that
winged liners been applying to a
brighter future nuts at down with your
Google EMA pets wearing high heels in
high school it's just wrong it's well ok
you walking off in the hallways creating
a disturbance I'm sitting in class
trying to learn about photosynthesis and
I assure you from a mile away
okay looking like a walking OOTD I do
not get me started all the girls who
bring their purses to class I'm talking
about they bring their purse and their
backpacks the way your backpack and the
way to put what are all these
contraptions are you are you going
bungee jumping what are you carrying I
don't understand are you going to math
class or are you went camping what are
all the things you have to carry you
know what Norden it's all those the
classes they're looking carrying too
many live but why are this going to be
that gloss it's ridiculous okay you are
a teenager you don't need to be doing
that because in your hair you want to
talk about your hair is we get all stops
your lip gloss and you can make all of
this you look here what's up and I'm
gonna be like yo what up Chewbacca be
the force be with you
ah now it's straight up this is all fun
and games no disrespect towards any
teenagers I know firsthand being a
teenager can be so challenging and
difficult it's a hard time of life and
it's just a transitional phase like a
period of Chester
so all your older sister Lily is here
for you should you underneath anything
hope you enjoyed this video there are
lots of types of teenagers so if you
think I forgot one comment below and let
me know you can also check out my last
video right there is called why we
really use Instagram if you're on the
phone and you can click the annotation I
will put the link in description also
make sure check out that video right
there it is the trailer for the thing
I've been shooting which is why I look
like this I'm in LA shooting a new
series called llama steel I love it so
much and it worked really hard on it so
please check out the Philibert it's
right there tell me what you think do
that now make sure you subscribe because
I make new videos every Monday and
Thursday one of those the growing that
is a wrap err
