looking at it like some sort of royal
droney what if I wanted to girl
superwoman
and uh but it is super Thursday Monday
oh it's Friday night so fill eight
videos I have been shooting so many
hours on set or trying my best to make
it happen
but today BOM said I learned something
you want myself which I don't think you
knew because I think I always knew it
but today it became evident and that is
I am totally obsessed with Instagram
when I'm born I scroll to my Instagram
feed but then when I'm really busy on
set I scrolled my Instagram P before I
sleep when I wake up in the morning when
I poop when I'm in the passenger seat of
a car during commercials I'm scrolling
through my Instagram feed and if I keep
seeing the same picture the top I'll
just keep pulling it down and refreshing
it straight up now I know why it's
called Instagram it's just like a quick
gram of crack into my body like is this
just me like if you could relate please
click the thumbs up because I need to
know so let me not you're thinking why
do I use Instagram so much I thought
about it and I came up with the
following reasons as to why we actually
use Instagram number one the black hole
if you sit here and tell me that you've
never stopped someone you don't like on
Instagram I'm gonna have to stand here
and call you a liar we've all done it
especially our exes any the thing is not
only do we do it we make a thing out of
it we make a night out of it we make an
event I love this black hole just come
home you know watch a romantic comedy
okay start being a little bit depressed
I go lie down
pull out your iPod if scroll through
your playlist over this one's good
firmer alone
like that isn't just that my Dell from
Sam Smith then you find yourself typing
in your ex's name you start going
through stitches at oh I'll get him home
guess he is kind of cute over this
matter you never wore that sweater for
me and then you see him with another
girl and you're like how does this whole
biscuit so you click her username start
wiping her pictures like oh my gosh
she's so pretty
look at her hair my hair never looks
like that this is how I wanted my men
took my hair never looks like this just
scrolling scrolling scrolling hit the
picture with some next guy check this
guy - oh my god why is this guy so hot
but this guy's car oh my god y'all never
have a car like that I can't afford cry
like that I've been taking the bus
everybody else got nice cars my God look
at this guy he looks so happy look oh my
god they gave him a surprise party I bet
you get such a nice supportive family no
I'm better without it
I bet you on my daughter are see nobody
loves me straight up your nose with a
rough night when you have to click back
back back back back seven times to get
to your newsfeed why do we do this
honestly why do we do this is like we
like making ourselves feel bad not when
you're real sentimental for a moment and
tell you not to do that
it is wack you guys comparing your life
to people's life on Instagram and like
comparing peoples highlight reel to your
bloopers everyone's life looks awesome
on Instagram but that's not actually
what it is so stop freaking out okay
make like a Hindu and don't have a cow
man what up t-shirt reference and
religious reference number to show and
tell
I feel like Instagram is primarily used
to show people what we have because
let's be real we don't actually own
anything
it must be posted on Instagram in other
words if you don't post a picture of
your dessert did you really eat it no
the answer is no you need on double taps
equal facts so the good news is if
you're trying to lose weight
don't post a picture of the Cheesecake
because that way you never actually ate
it science
are you following along here look at
this picture when I put all these
friends I have these stars are mine my
friends look at these clothes I have in
this one together
oMG didn't you see that those are my
pants
that's my pop I own those things and I'm
here that's my mirror all of those
things belong to me look at this thing
this thing I just find I have to show
you this thing so you now know I own it
because now is part of my life and I
need you to acknowledge that because you
see in the background one of my selfies
you're gonna be all confused okay so I'm
introducing this new item to you so you
can follow along and lastly weekly shoes
these shoes I purchased at akin like
this like it's positioned on the box
ready for a photo shoot
okay I'm just letting you know so you
can relate more to my feet number three
proof over truth sometimes we post
pictures on Instagram to prove people we
did something even though sometimes were
lying who goes to the gym to work out
name we go to the gym so we can post
that selfie of us working out so people
can recognize how committed we are to
fitness yeah okay I'm just gonna quickly
post this all give me in the middle of
work oh because I don't have time to
wait on social media I'm too busy
working out over here living a healthy
lifestyle okay
any smart choices so I'm just gonna
quickly do this but just know I'm Way
too busy for this have you ever just
orchestrated a situation solely so you
can get a really instrumental I just
read up you'll be cooking and you'll be
like okay I want people to know I'm
cooking I need proof then I'm cooking I
need you to believe that I'm cooking
this fabulous meal okay but I'm looking
at it like the food doesn't look too
good alright so we just turn my plate
just waited with this knife over the
burnt area right okay you know for my
drinking one of those fancy glasses I
never use put that right there
these pieces of lettuce over here like
what am i doing what am i doing why am i
giving my sandwich a manicure for
Instagram picture what are my priorities
I am a sad put that
human being that gets mad Instagram
likes hey hey what's up oh please
another because my legs view doctor all
right you know he's a brown that is I am
with you number four got hot I think we
can all agree that Instagram is a self
validating device okay we post pictures
on Instagram to convince others that we
look better than we actually do and when
I say others I mean ourselves we post
Instagram pictures because the filters
make us look amazing and we write that
when we think to ourselves hey life
can't be so bad
because what kind of fabulous I look in
the selfie okay yeah great maybe I have
a horrible personality whatever what
look at this selfie okay sure what maybe
I have trust issues maybe I have
commitment issues maybe I don't have any
successful relationships whatever that
means but look at this selfie or what so
like I owe a couple people a couple
thousand dollars whatever look at the
selfie but you know the thing is but in
this picture gonna selfie right here mmm
okay if you see me at a mall nothing I
will be looking like that need to lower
your expectation because I never be
looking like that I took this picture to
increase my self esteem because right
before this picture I probably ate a
piece of cake
that was guilty and all that you know
what it's okay how much take this
picture and filter on and convince
myself I love decent okay it's all about
the psychology because instrument makes
everything better it makes everything
fixable why by acne clear and cleanser
when I can use wounds here oh what's
that
these teeth whitening strips ransom
$14.99 get well omorrow or a marrow or
whatever the hell that delivers gold
it's free
alright so you best believe I'm feeling
bad about myself I'm gonna post a hot
selfie and then just DoubleTap myself
like oh hi there Doria number five cut
throat comments raise your hand if
you've ever gone through the comments
under a picture hoping to see some drama
shut the F up do not like put your hand
up because you know you'll be scrolling
through your feet you'll see a picture
of Miley Cyrus and her boob and you'll
be like let me grab some popcorn and
read these comments oh snap somebody
called her a whore oh snap now her fans
are getting pissed and commenting back
oh my god this person just pumped that
other person but what about the prison
sandwich school of them find their
username what'd you say oh my god what
did you say and you care about my knees
boob probably not that doesn't mean you
don't want to see a good online battle
you see a picture of two people together
and just like read all comment all
people be shipping them so many people
shipping them their ships everywhere k
stepmother from Pirates of the Caribbean
underneath this picture everybody didn't
Jersey Shore it's just like hey you love
it you love the drama and no matter how
much of a unicorn you are you cannot
help reading the comment sometimes hell
I've been cooking my own pictures okay
waiting for people to write comments one
day a whole life doing Boris I can take
a selfie actually not all the way let me
take a selfie no-go flu common deck
whore
what whore look at all that cleavage oh
my god you ruined the Simpsons forever
and those are the reasons I think we use
Instagram if you will use this room for
different reasons comment below and let
me know about this one if you have this
video give it a big thumbs up because
that ish counts if you can check out my
last year right there I get soaked and
it is ridiculous and hilarious if you're
on a phone you can't click that
annotation of the link in description
you can also check out my blogs right
there I've been having so much fun on
sets and once I put my dentures right
there I'll also put a link in the
description other than that make sure
you subscribe because I'm
every Monday and Thursday and I want you
to be the hair one love superwoman that
is a wrap and
