do you recognize me no I'm not a clone
gone wrong I just came back from set so
deal also before I begin I want you to
know that a reason is Kam for the first
time don't I usually have a light here
don't really know if it's facing the
right way I know there's an echo it's a
big room okay
my tripod is a stack of pots okay things
are Hales anyways where in the world is
superwoman today a LA and finally
whatever I want a girl superwoman in
life is a mess right now so I apologize
at the sound or the audio sound on you
mean same thing if the video and sound
are up to par I am learning and it is
late and it's been a lonely but it
doesn't matter because I went on my
Facebook and asked what do you want to
see for super Thursday and the top
comment was types of enemies numbers all
that 1f does that even mean
but it's what the people want made when
I sat down hard and thought about it I'm
pretty sure we all have five and Ruiz in
common 5x5 I don't know why for what
where's the frame is this super focused
I haven't read number number one the
virtual villain so have you ever posted
a status on Facebook about something
that's important to you something you're
passionate about
okay or something you thought was cool a
meaningful fought the video and
then one of your Facebook friends or
should I say friends comment something
negative and unsupported under your post
excuse me yet that's treason
okay that's right of treason and I'm
asking dr. Berg to be off with your head
do not share your unnecessary opinion
all over my wall this one
close to the video I thought was
hilarious but I featured people drinking
in it and these people to be honest I
don't know how they're on my Facebook
friend list start of commenting some ish
on red because they were down with
people drinking and I don't you're like
first of all to be honest I don't even
know how I know you
I don't even know if I don't I don't
know how you got on this list okay
like you kind of familiar but so is no
house so as far as I'm concerned you
might not even be a real human being I
know a store ok got lost and drop your
speed itself on my wall and I don't
think I'm your mother likes it warm come
tomorrow - I don't think guess who
accepted tick tick tick tick tick
although several things are now wrong so
I still don't know that f you is that's
the type of ish that starts wars okay
I'm getting over that stuff and if you
see me in person on remember don't think
that in real life I forget about your
virtual sins they don't come up to me
all night and then nothing happen on the
interwebs can I be real this could be a
matter of life and death for you what
one day you're dying of thirst beside
you just like done thirst me you know
what I want to do you know let me show
you what you're gonna be sitting up in
your leg you know I'm dying of thirst
yeah okay maybe you shouldn't have been
so damn thirsty for attention on
Facebook
it's delicious this unfiltered le tap
water now wake up tomorrow three arms
now you know why
anything for the dog for the dog
anything do sir think these cars all up
on the street like I try to make a video
right now
number two corporate clowns That awkward
moment when I'm one human gene but my
enemy is a multi-million dollar
corporation with thousands of employees
all because they forgot to give me fries
corporate clowns we all have those one
or two companies that we absolutely
despise because we have a horrible
customer service experience with them
that's right Air Canada you speak my son
uh sitting my throat now that the Air
Canada is up big about this enemies we
are passionate about this anybody don't
only do we hate this company you want
everyone to know me in this company and
we want everyone else to hate this
company because now is my goal to
destroy your company because the social
media I got a whole arsenal of weaponry
is nothing Network Arsenal is that
Arsenal away or is that just a sovereign
but they call it football I'm a bad
person
almost uhm feeling my Cooper okay I will
just jump on Facebook and write an open
letter right now what you telling me I
can't return this idea of working days
okay let me just
hashtag racist retailer let me know
what's up okay let you you you can
decide the fate of your company because
Shh let me just tell you something
employee okay I have 71 followers on
Instagram okay and they're all waiting
like this
to read this caption so you let me know
you can let me know when you decide mm
 us up pictures could not just be me
any time I go anywhere is the worst
thing but is one employee irritates me I
despise the entire organization and the
first stuff that goes to my hands ago
are you being good to be okay
maybe I should report this with my phone
just try to pour this in my body for Kim
because my iPhone half camera okay like
a TV camera reporters right now that you
can fire don't burn
number three enemies by association or
EB a or Emma I'm Ally I don't like some
people solely because my friends don't
like those people and I know that sounds
bad okay but it's the truth because when
people upset people we love we get
protective of them you can be something
I don't even know
okay but if you go and kiss my best
friend's boyfriend or steal my sister's
iPod okay I'm gonna have to stand right
here and watch you over there and just
be talking pure crap about you I'm just
gonna hate on everything you do okay
he's not mess with my loved ones you
could be do nothing wrong you can you're
harmless you could be over there make
even on it makes no difference because
I'll be over here like mm-hmm
look at this whole biscuit making an
omelet breaking those eggs that she runs
the place
oh oh and I was scrabbling then get off
Scott in your face okay what you think
you special because you got a frying pan
just straight up hang on everything you
do now most are saying stuff that
doesn't even make sense
it has to do best turn off that stove
okay because you know who I am okay
you are but you'll why are you doing
what up is after tough breaking glass
Sydney or eating celery okay over there
be whack smack talk level 1000 number 4
phantom fighter so this one time I
became friends with this girl and like
it was so cool were like soul mates made
so much in common was so much fun to
hang up he became like besties and some
people sleeping over one day almost
stopped sleeping over word some
junk-food watching TV's all sit there
flipping channels if expected flip
basketball resistances okay
oh no gonna be old episode walks on like
mom take a slice my pizza you might be
some everything you see that that's my
baby and she's all like yo he's gross
and I'm all like what the Adam just say
to me yeah okay the rock is so I believe
hi mrs. Smith yeah I'll get you to pick
up your daughter real quick
another things not nigga I just don't
want such a tasteless disgraceful human
being in my house okay because she me
rock fashion sip in that hater baby
she's just right up on lackattack who's
tainting my house so if you just come on
over that ear a Chula waiting outside by
the curves with yourself and listen
rocky needs her first okay oh and also
if we could bring $9.99 to the
University Phyllis pizza that'd be great
okay 12 it's fr my house do not insult
the things or people I will fan out do
knocking cellphone rings do not insult
treatable
not speak ill of Beyonce or us this fan
will fall from the ceiling tonight while
you sleep in your bedroom check
high-speed number five family phones so
I love my family and I'm assuming you
love your phone okay generally people
love their families but can you be real
there's usually not one relative we have
I'm just a like it's that annoying ad or
that coffee cousin or that perverted
uncle and the only reason you're chill
members because we're a family party and
there's too many witnesses to see the
murder and I get it okay
they're family you're supposed to
respect them blood is thicker than water
but if I can be honest this is blood
between you and I okay it must be on a
diet because it is thin as the blood
between me and you yeah okay this little
goon plot okay this one we're size one
jeans fit this blood is on a low-carb
diet this bloody dick Drake would never
date this blood Romanian warm ginger and
we not offer this very poorly produced
video comment below and let me know who
your corporate clown enemy is because
I'm so curious to know I also give this
video a big thumbs up and don't forget
to check out my last video is right
there is my official clean up anthem
that I've been talking about forever is
the music Peter you can buy the song on
iTunes link is in the description or you
go to clean up anthem compromised as
well please check it out so hard on it
if you're on the phone and the
annotation just weren't up with the link
in the description as well other than
that make sure
subscribe speaking Monday and Thursday
and I will see you at the next one
what love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
