I'm having such a good hair day right
now whatever everyone it's a girl
superwoman and as a single woman who
doesn't have a Valentine who knows
nothing about relationships and who only
gets action when someone gives me a
high-five I feel like I'm totally
qualified to make this video five
mistakes we make in relationships now
before I begin let me just say two
really quick things number one I hope
none of you get offended because it's
solely just my opinion which means that
it's like basically fact and number two
if you think about it these things
actually apply to all types of
relationships not just romantic
relationships so you can apply to your
friendships your family ties whatever
aka
if you're single don't feel horrible
watching this shall we begin
look at me pretending like I know stuff
number one being a leaning tower
okay straight up this is like the most
important thing I'm ever gonna say in my
life besides the sentence yes I want
fries with that people are not in your
life to fulfill your every need where'd
you hear that it's a sound of bubbles
bursting everywhere
I feel like too many people rely on
other people for happiness encouragement
and motivation oh you're upset well I
guess that means someone has to cheer
you up
oh you're slacking well I guess someone
needs to tell you to work harder you
accomplished something I want someone
better pat you on the back this is not
cute and okay hold out don't get me
wrong of course sometimes it is nice to
rely on someone else I mean everyone is
human I mean when I'm sick yeah I want
someone to make me soup sometimes it's
nice to depend on someone sometimes but
if you constantly need someone to make
you feel good then you really need to
stop and ask yourself why can't you make
yourself feel good because this is the
way I see it let me just put you in my
brain right now the way I see it is that
people are bonuses to what already
should be a great life you've created
for yourself in other words people are
not doctors appointments okay you
shouldn't go up to them and tell them
everything that's wrong with you and
then they fix you and heal you and tend
to every scratch you know people should
be the lollipop you obtain after you're
done at the doctor's appointment because
homie everyone is living their own life
okay they have their own challenges
their own stuff to deal with and it is
unfair and unreal
for you to expect other people to
constantly fulfill your needs it's
straight-up exhausting so if we take a
selfie and it looks like this we have a
problem because trust me if I wanted to
date a Leaning Tower of Pisa okay it
would be covered with cheese not your
face number two restrictions can we be
real can we just can I can we just hold
hands for a second boo c'mere if you
need to place restrictions on people in
your life
something is wrong for example if you're
a girl and you need to tell your
boyfriend hey you can't go to that party
because that certain girl is gonna be
there and I don't trust that situation
that should be a huge red flag like
straight up red flag so huge
using China there is no way you can
justify that you have to place
restrictions on your partner for them to
remain loyal to you because here's a
question why would you want to be in
that situation why would you want to be
with someone that you can't trust in the
first place because wouldn't you want to
be with someone who goes to the party
looks damn fine at the party has a blast
at the party remains loyal at the party
and then comes back home to you after
the party and I'm sorry to be so blunt
but you know I like to keep it real all
right
you can place any amount of restrictions
on someone but if they want to cheat on
you they are going to cheat on you the
goal is not to place restrictions around
the person so they don't the goal is to
be with someone that won't I mean for
certain things yeah you can place
restrictions and rules on people for
example hey it really drives me crazy
when you leave water on the sink new
rule wipe it reasonable fine but a rule
that's like hey new rule you're not
allowed to talk to Vanessa anymore
because last time you made out with her
kind of a dumb rule
kinda should be common sense if you need
to literally be one of those people on a
runway with two flashing lights like
this is how to be loyal okay you deserve
someone better number three drop it like
it's hot drop it like it's hot drop it
like it's hot how many people here don't
see some of their friends as much
because now their friends are in
relationships hands around the world are
going up it's like a little John song
right now in my opinion one of the
biggest mistakes people make is that
they're in a relationship they make
their partner their entire world and
forget about all the other important
people in their life with their friends
and their family now I understand that
you're so in love but can I just tell
you that is very unrealistic for you to
expect to experience all the wonderful
things in life with just one person in
one type of relationship yeah of course
you can experience romance and intimacy
with your partner but what about when
you're doing your makeup in the washroom
before you go out is he gonna know that
Beyonce choreo or dude what about when
you accidentally get hit in the balls
and you're like crying in pain and you
look to your girlfriend oh yeah I'm sure
she can relate there is a reason we have
different types of relationships in our
life do not get rid of them it is so
important to still have your own life go
to your own events have your own space
and be your own person because can we be
real when baby says you are who the hell
are you in event two huh in those
situations it's sisters before hipsters
what up sweater reference number for the
fake start just kidding all right let's
be real when we go on a first date we're
not completely ourselves okay we
probably dress a little bit nicer than
usual
we're a little bit more polite we don't
act completely crazy and if we're having
dinner we'll order something like not so
fattening and even though we're starving
which like it's okay I'll just smile and
get McDonald's on the way home that's
expected that's fine but you know what
you should not fake in the beginning of
a relationship who you actually are has
anyone ever been in a relationship and
after you're you're like who the hell
are you you're not who I thought you
were I understand the need to impress
someone and getting a relationship but
that doesn't mean you have to be someone
else if you don't agree with what I'm
saying I'd rather you tell me you don't
agree with me I mean on the first day
don't act like a super macho dude if on
the sixth day you're gonna be totally
insecure I was not prepared for that and
girls don't act like you have no
emotions and you're so cold-hearted on
the third day you're gonna be an
emotional wreck hi hello we're not
playing baseball do not throw curve
balls at me I mean in the real world
everyone has strengths and weaknesses
don't try to be a people pleaser and try
to be someone you're not
to try to get into a relationship that's
not gonna end well know who you are be
proud of it and
prisoners like you who you are it's not
meant to be why why would you drag out
that horrible situation that's gonna
take place number five
likes over live you don't want really
good sign of a good healthy relationship
is no signs of it on Facebook I get it
you're proud of your relationship y'all
matching y'all look cute
you know Valencia makes you both look
damn fine post a picture that's fine but
when you get to the point where your
relationship is all over social media
just stop and ask yourself why because I
feel like too many couples these days
are validated by likes on Instagram and
all comments on Facebook which in
actuality if we can be real mean
absolutely nothing bra that stuff
doesn't matter okay do not place your
relationship in the same category as cat
videos are you a cat video yep
because I was getting 90 likes on an
Instagram picture doesn't make you a
suitable partner and it doesn't make me
loyal and if you go through your
facebook profile pictures and there's
not a single one of just you alone you
should really think about that and
that's all that's all I have to say a
comment below and let me know if you
agree or disagree with what I'm saying I
would love to know your thoughts
comment below right there and before you
go chef type something usually I do ask
Superman live on the 14th of every month
but because I'm going to be on vacation
I'm gonna be doing it tomorrow Friday
February 13th my ask SuperLab will
happen at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time all information is in the
description so tomorrow or depending on
time zone you're in basically Friday
13th 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time
I'll be doing a suburban life do not
miss it if you like this video please
give it a huge thumbs up and you can
check out my last video right there if
you're on a phone and the annotation
doesn't work I'll put the link in the
description also if you like my shirts
this does default hipsters I got it from
a super cool company called a lot more
if you want to get your self one I'll
put their link in the description as
well and that make sure you subscribe
because we make new videos every Monday
and Thursday and I want you to be there
what I love superwoman that is a wrap
and
