I'm not gonna wear a hat today because
my head hurts so welcome to my hair what
if everyone is a girl superwoman and the
Grammys were last night in to be honest
I wasn't gonna do a Grammys review video
because I live-tweeted the whole event
and so all my thoughts went into the
Twitter universe but so many of you
requested me to do it so I guess I'm
gonna do it
but before I begin a few disclaimers
number one if I don't comment on a
particular artists performance award
whatever whatever don't think I don't
care I just don't want to comment on
artists I don't know that much about
because I don't know everything about
music and I don't want to sound like an
ignorant douche baguette number two like
I said like tweeted this I'm gonna be
basing a lot of my review off of my
tweets so if you already heard the joke
then just pretend to laugh again okay
thanks
welcome to my 2015 Grammys review videos
first of all as usual LL Cool J hosted
the Grammys and you know that I ain't
mad about that LL Cool J was is and will
always be so damn fine okay and if I
could I would marry him even if it means
mama gonna knock me up okay because he's
worth it and on top of that I actually
really liked what he was wearing was
writing this really pretty blue blazer
and it was such a pretty blue he was
lookin like a you know modern-day
sub-zero okay which makes a lot of sense
because he is straight-up a flourless
victory speaking of flawless victories
that was the only one because of Beyonce
did it win album of the year but we'll
get to that oh my god Dallas Sam Smith
wins record of the year with stay with
me cuz you owe me trinkle tear and yeah
I liked the whole list of nominees I was
kind of conflicted but I am not mad that
Sam Smith won because let's be real Sam
Smith makes me feel all type of ways I
don't think there's any other man who
ever could make me feel like Sam Smith's
voice makes me feel and he don't even
want the V so it's for all the right
reasons I'm gonna find a performed and
showcased her phenomenal vocals I
tweeted I'll say it again y'all can hate
on her because she's young or whatever
the f Reaper but you cannot deny she has
an amazing voice and I do have to know
that the first thing I noticed about her
performance is how hot she look I mean
I've seen Ariana look hot but she looked
damn fire her
was on point like her eyes closed look
better than my eyes open like whoever
did her eyeshadow on fleek take several
boughs don't even want about just be
like this just keep bowing just just
keep bowing in fact Ariana Grande Katy
Perry and Beyonce all perform for
sentimental pieces which is a bit
different from their usual performances
but I am mad at that because I feel like
artists should explore different
creative vibes but I did kind of miss
you know the twerk gang in the partition
and the beach balls and all my booty
don't know if it should like weep or
like pork it was just like slightly
quivering stick apparently this is my
booty this this is my back
this is my but also Katy Perry arrived
with blue hair and then performed with
black hair and I was like your hair is
Photoshop amazing I also have to say
that RL run date and Big Sean are so
damn cute they're all posting all these
cute pictures on Instagram but they got
me sitting here catching some feelings
wishing I had a Valentine I'm just like
you're adorable as F and I'm not sure if
I'm happy or annoyed about it Pharrell
wins Best Pop solo performance and let
me take this
this moment is why I love Taylor Swift
so much because the moment Ferrell 1
which means Taylor Swift lost she was
celebrating more than him okay she just
got and she's like anything you know
Pharrell calmly gets up walks his date
and Taylor's trying to party you over
there for pierogi
never slipped his estatic for from she's
over there passing out shots okay
freaking cheers into Pharrell and this
is why I love Taylor Swift because I
think she's so supportive of other
artists and I want to be her friend
because she's weird as f also and I
tweeted this and I'm gonna say the same
thing
Taylor Swift is so cool that girl knows
what's in the combo and from this moment
on in team super let it be known that if
someone knows within the combo that's a
compliment you see a fine guy or that
guy right there he knows what's in the
combo right there if someone acts wack
is a physic y'all y'all you straight up
you ain't got no clue what's in the cup
dami oh no no spit on my mom yeah
well also performed a remade version of
happy which I thought was really cool
because he gave the song a completely
different vibe but I'm not gonna lie
some points I did feel like that
it was musically Diskin jointed like I
was kind of thrown off off back a little
bit when my GPS could not bring me back
to the performance but what I gained the
most out of this performance okay is
that Pharrell literally will wear
anything and everything as a hat because
the Pharrell any ridiculous thing you
put on your head as a hat straight up
shoes are now hats okay I wouldn't be
surprised if he took his Grammy turned
it sideways and worn that as I had
because he was wearing some cylinder had
that he's still so cute but he was very
some cylinder hat thing was like I'm so
confused
are you gonna sing happy or are you
gonna bring me my room service what the
f is going on here but I will say that
Pharrell just gives off the vibe of such
a good human being during his speech it
wasn't even just like oh thank you so it
was like he really really was grateful I
appreciate that you you know so the
combo Sam Smith won Best New Artist for
stay with me Sam Smith wins Best Pop
Vocal album and at this point I'm just
like well someone just stay with him
straight up Sam Smith is just cleaning
house quicker than my mom before
relatives come over okay okay what what
what hobbies Sam Smith jokes you want me
have what am i Sam Smith the dog vending
machine I told you is gonna be
repetitive pretend to laugh ah-ha-ha-ha
Beyonce and jay-z won Best R&B
Performance for drunk and loved okay and
imma just have a moment of real talk and
I feel like you will be able to relate
their relationship okay I have such a
bittersweet feeling towards it let me
explain why I am so in love with Beyonce
and jay-z it's like I don't know who am
more jealous of because I love them both
so much it's like one of those
situations that hurt so good because
like I just want their situation so
badly you know what I mean and I've
noticed that every time I see them I'm
smiling I was like in my brain every
time the thought is like oh my god you
see I just
something like this why can't I have
this and then I feel myself feeling
death is this just me like I love them
but I hate them can I get an amen this
cannot be just me they are goals as F
and I feel like the only way I'll ever
feel validated in my life is if I could
get as close to their situation I didn't
care if it stage I give 0x to me their
perfection I want as close to their
situation as possible so why I need to
basically do is marry JX okay be tipsy
in love and give birth to green these
are my goals
let them be known if your name is J
Xavier holla at your girl so Kanye West
performs and I'm sitting up in here like
I'm just surprised Kanye West didn't
introduce Kanye West just like everyone
my name is Kanye West up next we have a
performance from a phenomenal artist
directly the best artists of all time my
personal friend and hero
ladies and gentlemen Kanye West he just
be like hello everyone I'm Kanye West
this is my song
yeah after performance just like ladies
and gentlemen one more time for mr.
Kanye West and that's Kanye West I can
vouch for his artistic ability after the
show just like ladies and gentlemen
Kanye West here with a news interview
and Kanye West Kanye what did you think
about the show today thanks Kanye West I
what up everyone my name is Kanye West I
definitely believe that Beyonce should
have won Album of the year all right
thanks Kanye Kanye out thank you so much
of that Kanye right ladies and gentleman
this is Kanye West routine-use
I would not be surprised it was somehow
that became possible but I will say that
corner was hilarious less than he owned
Twitter the reason is when Beck won
Album of the year
Kanye pretended to jump up on stage he
came up with pretended to interrupt him
and smiled and walked off but apparently
he wasn't joking according to an
interview he did after and it gets even
better because there is footage of
jay-z's reaction when Kanye goes on
stage it is the best thing I've ever
seen in my entire life check it out
jiae's east of the rock yo the rock the
freakin alpha-male straight up with
mortified mortified Beyonce is always on
point okay she's smiling she's like oh
oh not again not inside her mind I was
hoping that a game of thrones episode I
was probably dying but she always keeps
her cool you'll never see her face be
like wait what's going on she's like not
again oh how funny seven where's jay-z
oh here's like she's so on point nothing
fazes her I swear to God H goes down on
an elevator she just like Kanye West's
button drop again she's like she's just
so on point oh my god the memes of jay-z
I'm Agnes and this I don't think it goes
don't say that I firstly thought Beyonce
shouldn't want album of the year I meet
you released an album without anyone
knowing dropped in one day I that I know
that does happens with the musicality of
it but I mean that's still something to
consider though and her album was dope
is that but I'm not gonna say anything
in regards to Beck wording because I
don't know enough about his music or him
as artists so I have no comments there
gratulations to him whatever stuff
happens however one thing I did not like
was how short the acceptance speeches
were I feel like every artist got cut
short by that music that plays you're
not music that basically means shut the
F up your dude isn't 45 people to make a
song and give them like 10 seconds thank
you everybody that's what I personally I
don't grab me that music would not be
stopping me like homie listen I can to
me okay I have a full-fledged
conversation in a club you think your
little violin music music is gonna stop
me all that music tells me to do is just
start accepting my word like DMX just
like I'd like to thank you yeah I like
it that my mama what who are comment
below let me know what you thought of
the Grammys because I would love to know
and let me know if you like these review
videos because I'm also skeptical to do
them cuz I don't know if you'd like them
off the comment below let me know if you
did give it a big thumbs up because that
ish matters to me you can check out my
last video it is right there if the
annotation doesn't work cuz you're on
your phone I won't put them looking at
the description as well make sure you
subscribe cuz I do make new videos every
Monday and every Thursday and I will see
you on Thursday city lots of love and
positivity one love superwoman that is a
and
