namaste bruh what everyone's a girl
superwoman
Android's when valentine's day is nine
days away and personally i don't care
and i'm only sure if you care but
whether you're single or in a
relationship I'm sure we can all relate
to the pressures associated with getting
a good Valentine's Day gift I don't want
a baby to be mad and can I be honest for
a second I feel like a lot of things
associated with Valentine's dating are
like mad shallow and lame and
meaningless and I like to keep it real
so welcome to my Valentine's Day gift
guide where I'm going to break down
gifts that I think are phenomenal ideas
and other gifts that I think are kind of
cool
first off let's talk about chocolate
let's talk about chat a split let's talk
about chapter old enough to understand
that reference please comment below
please don't ask me that's a One
Direction song okay so it's super common
to get your significant other chocolate
on Valentine's Day and I'm gonna go as
far as saying it's mandatory to get your
significant other chocolate on
Valentine's Day like straight up my
Valentine could buy me like a Ferrari
okay and I'd be like oh so so is the
Ferrero Rocher in the glove compartment
or mandatory but I just want to stress
that I personally I'm not a fan of those
fancy effing or sordid box of chocolates
you're gonna talk about the pot of gold
and crap
no no I'm talking already like two
layered ones that come with a little
guide okay first of all if I need to
read a guide to eat your chocolate that
is just inhumane I want chocolate not
homework and there's like so much stress
involved is what if I lose the guide
what are two chocolates look the same
I'm looking through the guide I'm like
which one are you and now I'm gonna do
like those test bites all the chocolates
contaminating everything that's
everything's chaos and can we be real
90% of the chocolates in those boxes
suck okay you know the ones I like
feels like strawberry cream like orange
lime stomach I am NOT about that you
know we're all just trying to find the
one filled with caramel or that one tiny
cup that's the Buttercup like but let me
break this down for you okay on February
13th and February 15th I love me some
Reese's Butter Cup so guess what on the
14th I like the same damn thing you
won't need to get all fancy on me okay
because very few things are better than
the delicate
balance of peanut butter in chocolate so
save yourself $14.99 and give up me
bucket of copper you want a good
Valentine's Day
it's gonna take three butter cups can
you want a great Valentine's Day
gotta get a king-size with the four cups
boy
I even buckle your cup that means I feel
like if you say anything a certain way
in sexual you want to an egg scrambled
or sunny-side up you want to do a break
you don't get can't do that I'm violent
oh yeah she'll make the video about that
should I start all over
oh my genius this is gonna be another
within the couple situations right now
hey what are you so stupid inside okay
now I'm gonna say something and I feel
like it's gonna make me sound super
cold-hearted but I swear I'm not okay I
personally like gifts that are practical
know things that I need or that I can
actually use back in the day I used to
care about teddy bears and crap okay I'm
so over it it was a great gift getting
me something that I've constantly been
complaining about not having like you
know it's a great gift get me an iPhone
charger get jazzed on me and iPhone
totally the best gift ever who doesn't
even iPhone charger my phone charger
breaks every four days get me a pack of
chapstick okay I lose my chapstick every
day now get me a USB key okay I can
never find the USB Q and I need one I
know you can relate because those gifts
actually makes sense it shows that you
know my life you know me and know my
struggles but I find teddy bears and
balloons and flowers nuts are so generic
it's like why are you getting me a
generic gift if you are my significant
other if you are my significant other
get me a significant gift and when I say
that I don't want to have to be
expensive but I'll let you know me like
what the whales okay we're all the time
yeah like straight up this is what a
teddy bear does or do you're saying do
you think do the thing you do come on oh
you're doing it oh I see
I'm really sorry for whoever bought me
the teddy bear by the way I remember one
I I hope I really hope it was that one
do that two times
your brother there you go you deserve
this hey getting kind of my a jerk I'm
sorry
okay I'll hear something I think is a
great gift are you ready
experiences I personally believe
experiences make wit gate and gifts I'm
talking like taking them to a concert to
see a really cool show or to try
something new a horseback riding with an
archery class like skating or like
eating at our new restaurant trying new
foods you've never had before like then
they would get where else's you baking
oh my god baking together make each
other like baking baking mad cute yacht
and baking results in cookies listen
like cookies are this is a great idea
why aren't I baking right now because
experiences create memories and memories
make the best gifts look at me I'm like
tumblr also because I keep think ift's
and not gifts because I can't gift I
can't pin out 14 gifts for some reason
so double-double urn of reference no
real experiences over materialistic
things any day every day okay and if
you're really stuck and you don't know
what to buy your Valentine there are a
few gifts that are foolproof that I mean
you cannot go wrong with and all of them
are food because that's me real a gift
you can eat that's never a bad idea
like happy Valentine's Day here's a
pizza oh thank you oh who doesn't like
pizza if you're with someone that
doesn't like pizza you have bigger
problems at a Valentine's Day gift okay
and that problem is that you're dating a
warlock cupcakes okay cheesecake and you
can even get creative with it okay
why give someone a bouquet of flowers
when you could give them wafer are you
ready
a bouquet of Cinnabons if anyone ever
gave me a bouquet of Cinnabons I feel
like I would cry I would actually cry
like think about right now this moment
how happy would you be if someone just
knocked on your door like hey there's
some fresh McDonald's fries with all the
sauces with all the sauces oh that's a
gift right there okay that's big
oh yeah I bet you taste delicious
another good idea is that gifts don't
always have to gifts gifts don't always
have to be you giving someone
something but it could be taking away
something negative they experience for
example when I was younger I gave my mom
coupons for like doing chores as I can
use this coupon and I'll do this tour or
I'll stop fighting with you or I won't
be a brat for 24 hours because let's be
honest what better gift is there to give
someone than a shield against all your
BS qualities it's so self-aware and
wonderful give me coupons for you to
stop being annoying
that's what or you could perform certain
acts that take away stress from their
life for example you don't be a great
Valentine's Day gift do my essay for me
you really really love someone do their
homework can you imagine your boyfriend
or girlfriend coming up to you on
Valentine's Day and being like hey baby
happy Valentine's Day and you're 10 page
essay that's due tomorrow so just
relaxing watching you girl you need to
pick up my panties over 10 page essay
with sources and appendix that is a gift
doesn't that honestly I would just say
don't stress too much about Valentine's
Day especially a lot of you younger kids
are here in elementary school or high
school or I thought I don't stress too
much because in my opinion Valentine's
Day is just completely ridiculous I
personally am NOT a fan of it if you are
a fan of it I don't mean to offend you
in any such way I am just kind of like
and not down with it a miscue we can do
cute stuff but it shouldn't represent
what a relationship should really be
about so let me tell you something if
your girlfriend or boyfriend is actually
set at you for not getting a Valentine's
Day gift or like an fancy expensive one
then they don't really know what a
relationship think about what really
matters that person with is honest
loving caring respectful for the other
364 days because these are the things
that actually matter I'm just gonna
summarize that in one sentence I'm
saying that if someone buys you
chocolate on days that are not
Valentine's Day that's real love you
mind me chocolate for no reason yeah
okay I do right am i right am i right
I know exactly to ask right oh you don't
talk either okay before I go a few quick
things I said I was gonna give away some
shirts to people who sign up for my
newsletter I sent those emails today so
check your inbox with your spam if you
want you would have got an email for me
for signing up for my newsletter you
still haven't done that the link is in
the description also if you don't know
this yet I actually give first common
cookie cards signed and delivered to
people who
first to comment on Monday and Thursday
videos but I send that through email so
a lot people are tweeting me saying well
in that first comment cookie you have to
check your email and check your spam you
should check your junk folder for any
type of email that says hey you got
first comment the instructions are in
there so you might have missed it so if
you have one first comment cookie please
thoroughly check your inbox for my email
I don't I hope you enjoyed this video if
you did here's how you can let me know
you can do the big thumbs up and comment
below letting me know your thoughts and
opinions on Valentine's Day you can also
check out my last video it is right
there
you can click on the annotation but if
you're on a phone annotation word so
I'll put the link in the description I
also released Super stamp which is my
travel vlog series on my trip to Spain
and France is right there so make sure
you check that out I'll also put that
link in the description I am that
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and I'd love
you to be here I hope you have a
fantastic phenomenal day you're
wonderful you're beautiful and I hope
you're smiling one love superwoman that
is a wrap and Zoop how cold my sweater
though it's pretty cool right it has
Yannick wands on it yay
