when I come on let it go what about me
one it's a girl superwoman and since
gaming times day I mean sir valentine's
Day is right around the corner I figured
I would do my second installment to my
types of questions video especially cuz
you liked the first one so much sounds
like make sense so back some popcorn
grab a drink and grab yo booty let's do
it damn thing Peeta s if you've never
actually grabbed your booty and you just
just pause the video and do that right
now because a non fills goes good self
booty grab okay so you know what's
really annoying when you meet someone
and they're literally everything you've
ever wanted in a person I'm talking like
they get you okay you're attractive to
them you genuinely care about them not
to mention you'd make some like
amazingly hot babies and then they go
and do that super rude thing without you
that thing they do when they don't exist
in real life the nerve number one
fictional crushes now this is the story
of my life since I was a wee little girl
okay exhibiting Darian from Sailor Moon
can I get an amen
how you gonna show this to young girls
and expect them not to fall in love yeah
they're the people that make these shows
you're rude you're ruining yourself
because look at that jawline okay I
could grate cheese on that jawline and
you know how much I love cheese which
only makes me more talkative I mean are
you kidding me look at this way look at
this like he's a 10 out of 10 and now
I'm sitting up and great for stress
because I'm like honestly why you went
Sailor Moon she'll treat you right go
strap Joosten we have a problem and the
problem is Darian ain't landing on my
moon now let's fast forward and let me
clarify okay I don't necessarily want
Leonardo DiCaprio okay I want Jack okay
okay let's be real I want the owner
DiCaprio but you know what I mean
I want Cal him I want to be his Khaleesi
I want Edward you see everybody I even
watched the movie or read the damn book
friendly-looking signs because I want to
date the Wizards the vampires and the
people with all the cool powers I want
to date someone that went to Hogwarts
and that's not much to ask for if that's
so much to ask for maybe I'm just
straight-up living in the wrong world
okay just around of all these Mughals
and insecure men and I'm not down like
at least let me date Aladdin okay I want
to see your old number two insta crushes
I might just go ahead and say that
anyone who denies they are this person
is a dirty liar we all have that
database of people on Instagram that we
follow just because one
you know we click the explore page and
we're scrolling through and then
something caught our eye and you're like
damn we opened it up in it with some
fine specimen and without knowing
nothing we clicked follow I follow mad
strangers I don't know what they do I
know where they're from they could be
horrible people for all I care all I
know is they look fine okay and once in
a while when you're going through your
feed you'd like to see that type of
picture okay because I'm going through
my feet and that pictures like a cheat
day okay I'm like veggies veggies my own
dessert double tap and okay yeah I know
nothing about them whatever that means
but what I do know is that after we
fight he's gonna make it up to me by
kissing my neck because I've already
hypothetically fought all these
situations in my brain because we're
dating are you following the logic here
and you know what's up okay you have
insta crashes your friend Evan's crushes
on you chill with your friends you know
you hold you you need to follow this
dude on twitter and like words follow
this dude and you're like okay follow
now I'm following your instructions
you're following mine and then you
already know what's up when they post a
picture
you're gonna screenshot it and send it
in a group chat even though you're
following the same people you're still
gonna send the picture just to be like
hey I'm gonna show you this again
because I'm a good friend you're welcome
on that note ladies and my gay homies
you might want to follow this dude right
here Nick okay just just well you can
thank me later okay comment below and
give me one back you see how we are
friends up in here um just just just
walk over bomb number three convenient
questions all right so you're at this
party and everyone else is talking to
someone and you're kind of just chillin
and you really want to date anyone but
like you're also kind of bored at the
party so you see this dude and he's like
hi and then you're like yeah but then
Riano starts playing you're like all
Rihanna's playing she's gonna start
saying some provocative ish and he's
coming closer to you
and there goes red talk about cake um
but I like cake you like cake
everything is just so relatable so
you're like okay fine let me talk to
this guy the convenient conscious
someone who's just there and you're
bored and met no feelings are to be had
but don't get it twisted okay like
feelings are literally kidding before
all around me okay because I ain't
catching them this probably won't go
anywhere but how do I feel
my mad about this this situation just
easily replace some old fries number for
that Oh rebound crush wait that was
before you grabbed so when I was in
grade eight this boy I liked was being a
really big jerk to me so then I did what
any smart logical grade a girl would do
I decided I like someone else
hey wait it Michael you Michael yeah I
like you have I ever hung out with
Michael no but you don't Michael Bay the
Alpha blue you ain't like Michael you
ain't right jack
son that word Play Doh but that's what
humans do they take their emotions try
to fill a hole and put those emotions
onto someone else that there's a human
nature like have you ever noticed that
when your boyfriend or girlfriend's
pissing you off everyone else looks
hotter like my man be pissing me off
knowledge my honesty that dude on there
he dressing real nice oh my never
noticed how funny that guy is over there
oh he's that guy okay - girl you can't
even really tell he has one eyebrow big
keys hot dudes break up with her
girlfriends walking to a party for the
first time single just like that well
not all you can eat more fair and I've
gone my stretch up a song walking up to
every girl's be like girl you must be
the butter chicken cuz everybody trying
to get P see you though and you're else
but I support you and I know you know
this already but these types of crushes
are not real and it's not healthy to do
that you got a deal and address your
emotions okay don't jump from thing to
think the thing to say Mario Cart and if
it was Mario Cart and your name is
humble the poet then you suck okay in
conclusion Chipotle I don't know I'm
hungry okay number five but we're
besties so you're chilling with your
best friend who just happens to have a
different set of genitals from you but
it's okay because you're besties you go
to the movies because you're besties and
he knows how to cheer you up because
you're besties so then you're watching a
chick flick with your girls and then
that couple scene comes on you like oh
my god this is just like me and my
besties but the only difference is that
you guys are like besties and not dating
and he only spent the night because you
were sick and cares about you because
that's what a besties does and okay just
to clarify you're not mad because he
likes a girl you're just protective
because he deserves better he's your
bestie and the only reason your heart
does a really good thing when he touches
you is because you have a condition okay
you're besties girl if a plate of food
was produced every
a bestie secretly liked the other one
there would be no world hunger liking
your friend is the worst stress ever it
is so risky because a lot of times your
friendship can turn into an end ship so
anyone dealing with this like honestly
my thoughts are with you may the odds be
ever in your favor
that was real hard to do with no teeth
though and we all know you're gonna
fight it forever and try to act normal
just like hey touch your booty rusty I
have no advice for you I'm sorry it's a
hard situation but in the words of Olaf
some people are worth melting for what
up t-shirt represents on the contrary in
the words of my mother don't make a mess
on the floor
so make up that what you will comment
below and let me know if I missed any
other type of crash because I want to
know and make sure you give this video a
big thumbs up if you enjoyed it if you
want to check out my last video it is
right there you can click and if you're
on the phone and the annotation is the
word the link is also in the description
if you want to check out part one of
types of crushes is right there I'll
also put the link in the description for
all you phone users and then that help
you have a wonderful day
you beautiful you're gorgeous I love you
so much while superwoman that is a wrap
and
