there's holes in my mouth when my teeth
used to be what if everyone is your girl
superwoman and I survived my wisdom
tooth extraction
Thank You Valarie kind support messages
but now I'm back to making videos and
today's video is possibly one of the
most requested videos I've ever gotten
my parents reacting to the 50 shades of
grey trim mummy daddy ready last door
hello hello hello
welcome to video action today Lilly
making us watch 50 shade gray
promotional video trailer 50 Cherie gray
yes a my protection this is going to be
beautiful I have not seen this one but
I'm thinking this may be a this video
painting movie about family of elephants
maybe some artists you make a picture
and gray and she say ho 50 chiri they
fall in love there's going to be like
family of elephants get together 50 over
them ready different different sheared
okay action
big screen oh but big screen in my eye
computer okay hello it is your gray gray
newspaper interview okay maybe doesn't
matter okay focus
she's just so nice great see I knew it
okay enters trying to be doctor I catch
each other dogs are you see really look
at this so nice would really if I get
you a nice hot pretty she look try to
blow your oh my Michigan II should be
lowered oh my god I miss you my daughter
hey slim and Fred there's a problem Bob
boss please give me job hello please
oh he do the martyr is equine smart you
see soup
I have something like he's oh I
understand they trying to get married
okay should I give you job I don't know
you want a job you good for a job then
take care of elephant properly you know
take a scaler oh you see the asking
question you wanted Armani cleared you
have interest less do you see this how
this how love happen look at me she said
look at me I like her she nice girl she
nice girl of course he looking
interviewing stupid she very nice I can
touch you nice girl
you could kill her or you see you now
she model okay okay
I think she got the job she lawyer
oh I press something you can supposed to
do this on the boss this is turned into
something else this is okay okay you do
like this lock like my you like this
okay see now everybody running partisan
stop let's stop the bad thing
these are lot of things happening right
now okay you see she dreaming or
everything dream up she dreaming
oh she alone he dead they're getting
married okay oh oh yeah I unfold this is
oh okay Gigi
maybe you donate clothes okay bad man
now
okay good but you're not supposed to do
like this at work is this bad what this
article this is I'm gainst the law okay
okay go fly away I don't fly okay see
you look okay our dream we will be ready
she lawyer she working for you you doing
this bad thing
okay I just no not okay you don't
suppose rule like this in front of
people's action I've got AC damn grief
you fired
that's it they're gonna paint now they
got the painting Oh que dependen not
nice okoma home I'm very new Beyonce
every bloody tea will be on sale always
like anybody take Abidjan tea always
bout that kissing a shame shame okay
hold hood
deep painting a shame shame every bad
things happen on a valentine day this
are bad day this bad day I am very
confused she get the job she get fired
she become model they running from birds
then know suddenly haha i kink huh I
think of this movie bug drugs watch it
oh hey die like this venture this Grady
50 shade of confusion but I think I want
to see this movie hope you enjoyed that
video go way our buds things to tell you
before you go take out your phone right
now I'm waiting take out your phone you
ready grab your phone guy for open
snapchat okay open your snapchat camera
and point it towards this yellow square
right here okay and then tap the screen
that'll make you follow me on snapchat
follow me on snapchat because I do a
bunch of weird stuff in there a you
laugh and smile and that's kinda cool
look do that also big things enough to
set it up but it's come to my attention
that I have so many extra team super and
last shirts around my room so I'm going
to give them away to you this all you
gotta do I release a monthly newsletter
it is absolutely free all it requires is
your email address I am I put the link
in the description it's right there it
says team super newsletter this what you
guys do go to that website put your
email address enter and I'm gonna pick
like five or ten or many people who
enter their email address between right
now and February first and I'm just
gonna pick around people and send them
signed shirts so if you want to sign
sure all I gotta do is put your email
address in there you'll get an email
every month from me that person right
and just tells you like this is what's
up and these are just counting again
this is where I'm gonna be and it's the
new stuff it doesn't cost anything and
just updates its way for us to
communicate so if you want a chance of
winning your shirt and getting my
newsletter from right now this moment
and tell us in the next one which is
February 1st I'm gonna pick a bunch of
people and send them shirts if you liked
this video give it a big thumbs up and
comment below because that's the only
way I'm gonna know and you can check out
my last video right there if you're on a
phone and you can't click the annotation
the link is in the description for my
last video as well so you can click
there you can also see the whole vlog of
me getting my wisdom teeth removed and
being super high it's right there on my
second daily vlog channel let's do it
make sure you subscribe I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap and
