my breath smells like so many onions
right now whatever wanted to girl
superwoman and okay I'ma be real with
you I really don't like doing Q&A videos
and I'll tell you why I feel like not
all of you enjoy Q&A videos and I feel
like people who enjoy Q&A videos
actually have to give a damn about me
and in a very real and positive way not
all of you give a damn about me you want
to be entertaining what a laugh that's
why don't let your Q&A videos I like to
make my videos in a way where if someone
totally random watch them they'd still
laugh but now look I'm so selfish I made
you game your dad now give a damn now a
dam has been given damn but tomorrow I
am undergoing wisdom tooth surgery and
all for my wisdom teeth removed and as
you can imagine me not being able to
shoot and film for a week because I'll
be like has left this last 48 hours in
absolute chaos I've had to shoot show me
videos or other things and have meetings
and just move everything around because
my surgery so last minute so under the
pressure I have cracked and decided to
do a Q&A video I hope you can forgive me
so I went on my Twitter and said use
hash tag ask soup form an angle to
answer questions now hmm simmer and girl
asks who is your YouTube crush just yeah
I have many YouTube crushes I wish I
could marry Kingsley I love Trey Melvin
had trans all this booty dough yo left
remember no I don't even want his number
I want his booties number two absolute
goal crotch I'm grace Helbig uh as you
know Colleen and I are pretty much
married so well like a Ryan and he guys
are pretty freaking and cute uh Yusuf's
muscles Hannah's not cute - you know I
have crushes on so u2's cuz they're all
so freaking awesome charm and Conn asked
who do you ship yourself with within
youtubers besides the rock you know me
so well
I definitely ship myself with Colleen I
think that ship has sailed the lien the
ship of the lien has
we are ship and I was gonna say we
aren't going down like that like the
Titanic but we might go down get jiggy
with it oh this is gonna be mad weird
thank you really I love you says I'm
gonna be good to use that mean you asked
if you could describe team super in
three words what would they be and why I
love you so much baby I love you too
baby more thank you so much if I could
describe to you super in three words it
would be loyal positive and
extraordinary and best and wonderful and
loving and candles are more than three
words
Yana asks can you give a shout out to
your unicorns in the Philippines but
well yes I can shout out to our record
to the Philippines show ally you asks do
you prefer the smell of babies or
gasoline serious question ah gasoline um
I'm one of those freaks that loves the
smell of gasoline like I go to a gas
station or Patrol station depending
where you're from the world and I'd be
pumping gas or wood and I know it's bad
and it kills brain cells behind some
green sauna weren't coming to the X
mount day I'm good you kidding you
Telstra asks what asks axises ask the
word has lost all meaning you know what
do you think of Australia I think
Australia is wonderful I've been to a
store there twice and I'm so grateful
for both of those experiences it's so
beautiful
and kangaroos and koalas I feel like any
country that has kangaroos and koalas
how could you not adore it I want a
koala and I want to be a kangaroo is
that why is that so much to ask for
hello may Carla Britney asks what's your
ask soon what's your favorite Hunger
Games movie okay girl why did I think it
was a good idea definitely the second
one I loved the second one oh my god
after was your first one I'm like aha
I'm gonna make another Hunger Games
tournament and then they did know that
duh for exactly one foxy moon Oreo first
of all you sound delicious your question
is if you could be invisible fly or be
able to teleport yourself what would you
choose by the way I love you so much let
me - baby I don't want anything I want
to be invisible because then I'd be like
tempted to spy on people when I talk
about me I don't want no people say
behind my back you know that's just a
whole bunch of drama I don't want to be
involved in fly or you tell blood if I
could fly then I never have to use air
cannon again but if i teleported that
would be the same thing I'm leaning
towards teleportation but I can kind of
already do that Mondays and Thursdays
observe you see when I'm in there cup
poop cup cool cool cool cool logic wow
that was hard what's in the company you
know you know you know what's the best
part of this if you run over talking
ball make sure you watch my last video
to be a link at the end of this video
where I make fun of people who don't
know what's in the combo and so do
commented being like retro combo one two
and three years and I'm like baby
hey saying you should memorize what
combo one or two into it maybe I don't
know combo 100 but I know what a combo
is what I'm saying is that you
understand a combo is a burger I'll find
you fry up and a drank you you
understand right
like that what is in the con for my
friend if you don't know how I'm dying
right now
watch my last video there'll be a link
at the end of this video it's just like
it is just like it's just like what's in
the combo ohhhh
how did you put that on shirt hi G hi
you asked how do you do with fake people
it's real simple I don't
Irene pearl asks why you so perfect girl
you think I'll perfect Oh Misha you see
this pimple right here that I
strategically covered with lipstick
go on go you gotta see my eyebrows
because really this is just this eye
shadow that's filling it in but
otherwise I ain't got none I don't have
no eyebrows let's talk about the fact
that let my jeans when I button them
like two muffins pop on it you decide I
ain't perfect girl I'm very impressed
and I am so happy to be in perfect
because perfect is boring I throw my
phone somewhere dan naman asks when are
you and Miranda sings getting married
honestly phenomenal question call and
ask her babe when are we getting married
everyone's asking with a limb put on
speaker what are we getting in marry
yeah that's a really good question I was
just wondering this you know right now
I'm really busy because I'm supposed to
get married to my baby joey graceffa
nick FS huh and you don't have to give
energy Tyler Oakley but they're really
slow and only are super slow so maybe I
should marry you first you back even
jealous so that they speed up the
process thank you also your hair is
prettier than their weave no offense
something so can you get married this
weekend or yeah this weekend works ok
God well then I'll see you this weekend
I guess we're getting married I'll see
you there I'll be by I let me to bay by
this weekend why do you think my lips
are like this we just made out if this
is the first video of mine you are
watching I usually do skits and ranch
and sketches so I you can check the
muscle videos out I just want to remind
you that my team super loves everybody
shirts are only on sale for about 3 more
days so if you want to get those
worldwide shipping the link is right
there in the description after three
days they won't be gone forever and
provided I am gonna have my face looking
like this there is a very big chance
that I will not be posting video on
Monday I will be actually dying through
next week please send me your well
wishes but I will definitely posting
super super ugly
pictures on my snapchat so do follow me
I'll be posting a vine I'll be looking
like this so follow me on my social
medias you see just how hideous I'll
look up comment below and let me know if
you forgive me for this video or you
know maybe you like you and ideas
comment and let me know if you like Q&A
videos so I'm not really sure also give
it a big thumbs up and make sure you
subscribe because I do making videos
every Monday and Thursday with the
exception of the Monday coming up in
which case I would look like I hope you
have a wonderful day evening night
wherever you are let me so much send me
positive vibes always one love
superwoman that is a wrap Oh
