I just pooped and it felt so good also I
mean your pimple right here already have
one right there now that we're up to
speak what if everyone is a girl
superwoman I know what you're thinking
okay hold up what kind of video topic is
types of people at the drive-thru and
I'm going to stop you right there okay
because this this topic is something I'm
really passionate about and that I know
a lot about because I'm an ogre hi hello
obtaining french fries without me
exiting my vehicle who's mad at that
click the thumbs up button if you also
love french fries because let's be real
if you like french fries I can't trust
you ok you're probably the type of
person I like to Polk's people on
Facebook you're weird but in my years of
drive-through experiences I've
encountered a lot of different types of
people and I'm sure you can relate
number one airport security now these
are the types of people whose order
sounds a little something like this yeah
can I get number two with pickles mayo
lettuce no tomatoes molasses ketchup
yeah create a menu on the side now up
sighs my friends can I get Burke you
sauce on the side sweet and sour sauce
beside make sure you mean napkins okay
make sure it's well done with double
cheese and I'm sitting behind this chick
in my car just like what the hell is
going on because to me this whole
encounter is silent and from remotion
this girl looks as if the McDonald's
intercom was her boyfriend and her
boyfriend just checked out another
girl's booty cuz she's extra passionate
but what she's talking about
any one girls are passionate about what
they're talking about they look like
they're getting an exorcism and they're
all like no tomatoes
I want lots of ketchup and make sure
yeah let them napkin ah
oh well blush and then when homegirl
finally gets to order what did she do
you know what she does she puts the car
in park bag search this girl's gonna do
an entire security check on everything
in the bag just like hey yo they got my
number too
let me take a bite make sure it's well
done did they give me mayo on the side
you'll check my phone my fries cool
y'all didn't give you don't beep use us
then you give me no baby juices
hey hey hello you ain't give me no BB q
Sam's my camera's all out-of-focus no
dead I want you to know that I finished
recording the entire video and while
editing and I got to this part I
realized I didn't focus my camera
properly so now I'm recording the whole
video
and poke hopefully in focus just throw
that out there as I was saying but I get
it though you know
because that one sauce is crucial
between you having a good or bad day
this one thing they don't give me my
sweet and sour sauce yeah later on that
day I ran away from home number two the
coin collector okay
so this cannot be just me who's
experienced this before I understand the
whole process of pulling up to the
window and paying people can be hard I
mean I for one I parked so far from the
wind okay I'm the worst
I park so far from the window I might as
well be at home just trying to reach my
credit card out to McDonald's I am
always so far from the right window okay
the cash is over there all the way down
windows 10 okay over your windows XP
trying to slide my credit card I am here
but beyond that I feel like people still
go out of their way to make the
transaction as difficult as possible
have you ever seen someone do this they
pull up okay and like what Oh 1075 okay
cool let me just pull up all of my
change here okay but take my bill and
I'm gonna do this little Foley thing I
try to make a little boat out of my
little paper oh no cuz I think that's
gonna work well on my chain just right
here okay then I'm gonna balance it on
an invisible tightrope through your
window okay and I'm watching from behind
just with anxiety because I know exactly
what's gonna happen three two one boom
wind goes by you drop the change that's
it it's all over and now both of you are
gonna do that thing where you're in your
card over look down like huh the person
working a look up there with no luck huh
and you're both looking down at the
damage and I'm just sitting like it's
done it's over okay what you looking at
you killed Mufasa okay forget run away
forever Simba if you're trying to get
rid of coins okay a drive-through is not
the place to do it go to a water
fountain make some wishes I say play
Mario Kart with a blindfold okay do not
obstruct me from me and my fries brah
number three the transaction choppers I
really hope this videos and focus right
now because I can't tell I can't I don't
I'm not that I'm not camera technician
these are the people who are so
financially correct that they will split
the bill no matter how small the bill is
and no matter how many people are in the
vehicle and I'm just like I can do the
math and pay each other back later but
net okay
splits the bill five ways and use every
payment method known to man the drivers
gonna get old too I mean I don't care
whose visa then the passengers gonna be
like oh hi buddy who's done it and then
you know exactly what happens when they
use debit I'm gonna pass the Machine
this way the cords not gonna be long
enough so I'm gonna be stretching we'll
be doing this okay in the past year is
gonna be like lying down across the car
and Turing their pain okay now
everybody's playing limbo in the car so
you can pay to debit this chick over
here is gonna use cash okay Timothy over
here is asking about a certified check
in this next check over here about two
sheep to trade stop it stop it stop it
if you can't buy your friend 299 fries
though what is your friendship number
for the mick turn now these are the
people who just came back from a club or
a party and our turn as a and they're
annoying for two reasons okay number one
is because they're ordering their meal
like a bunch of disasters yeah how can a
number one please what do you want I
don't know what you're getting and then
number whatever you want okay fine I
didn't number one okay give me that
number one and give me another number
one get two number ones I guess
basically like a number two make sure
you get a lot of sauce yeah yeah okay we
get a lot of sauce your disaster side
make sure they don't forget the sauce
can we get okay can we get it like okay
okay can we get like five of every sauce
yeah make sure you tell not forget sauce
yeah don't forget to sauce I maybe I can
mix flirtini okay okay can you actually
kid can you cancel the number one um
what are your specials and I know this
is 100 percent fat because I have so
often been bad girl and the second thing
they do is disrupt my order because
their music is so loud and they're
turning the drive-through line into a
ripe I'll be sitting in my car trying to
order a Mediterranean wrap combo yes in
Canada we have Mediterranean wrap combos
but my order keeps getting interrupted
by their music yes right can I
I met the training around blonde weaving
but to with the next don't ever know
that women often turn Nicky down a
Mediterranean Sea like without on a
body's little grass I went oh wow
sorry 100 what kind of come here boo you
need help kill number 5 the crawl crews
now these are the people who slow down
the line solely because they don't know
what the hell they want okay and I get
it I get it
baby boo I get it you're trying to enjoy
your meal trying to picks up in your leg
but how was it that you're sitting here
acting like you've never seen a
McDonald's menu before okay
it's been the same since the beginning
of time get diabetes through combo
number one or a heart attack two combo
number three okay ain't nothing change
and you'll be sitting there like hmm
okay yeah um the mick chicken yeah
what's in the combo what what's in the
combo what's the combo like what do you
mean what's in the cup are you see the
combo has been the same okay my deaf
interior
there's three cars behind me he's
rolling his eyes okay because he knows
what's it become okay yeah you're on was
it your Big Mac combo deal yeah how much
is that okay first of all combo and deal
I mean the same thing okay second of all
all this information is literally right
in front of you get it together I'm
hoping you're trying to be patient okay
try to be a nice person but I cannot
even because now my mom is calling me
like what the dummy had taken you so
long line mom I'm sorry okay because
Frodo has left the Shire and has come to
the McDonald's drive-thru and now it's
gonna take three movies for him to
figure out what the afternoon but in the
meantime I'm gonna shoot my own trilogy
in my car okay it's gonna be called The
Hunger Games
what what's in the combo you want to
come
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry but let's
end and a positive note here which is
that I have worked at a drive-through I
know many of you probably have as well
these people work their drive to deal
with so many annoying customers the next
time you go through drive to be nice to
them they've gone through a lot it you
don't give them smile and be nice to
them that's my positive thought I
haven't done one of these videos in a
long time so I hope you enjoyed it if
you did make sure you have a big thumbs
up comment below and make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday before you go
I'm huge announcer look my shirt team
super loves everybody this shirt went
off sale but I got so many email
requests begging to bring it back so I
have asked represent and they agreed to
bring it back for seven days only so you
have seven more days to get this shirt
on a second relaunch the link is in
description is worldwide shipping but
this your absolute last chance so get it
now comes in sweaters and t-shirts and
colors and all this on the phone more so
I'm done I'm done other than that I
don't think I have anything to tell you
besides you're beautiful and you're
wonderful and love you so much and one
love superwoman that is a wrap and
change the friar let come buddy
