whatever wanted to girl superwoman and
welcome to flip wars this is how it's
gonna go down my opponents are gonna
face off in a five cup flip cup
challenge every time you land a flip you
say the flip word when you miss you say
the flop word and don't forget to finish
with the finale you get it yeah got it
please easy peasy lemon squeezy ladies
and gentlemen your flippers are Marcus
Butler mrs. Ricky Dillon
your Flipboard is booyakasha your flop
word is red leather yellow leather
your finale is taking one selfie and you
are betting one tweet are you ready why
I was already my opponent Marcus is a
cool guy charming but when it comes to
things like he's gonna be very good yeah
all right
ah so on top of me losing I got the
knife lovely tweet from Marcus so I'm in
an interview and I just fought it so
hard
I'd love to smell then started laughing
and then accidentally pooped my pants -
hashtag whoops
I think Lily's scared to face me I
really do like the butt flip is informed
Lily can't handle the but they call me
thick blows so now that face-off against
Marcus and I have a little bone to pick
because his queen is on my dollar bill
and it's payback time we don't have a
dollar bill but you know what I mean you
won woo - three
in yourself it cheats cheats cheats on
panorama opener over flippers booyakasha
booyakasha red leather yellow leather
red leather yellow leather red leather
yellow leather
as a rule the flip Cup the winner gets
to choose a flip cheese that the tools
perform are you ready for your flip
teeth I'm ready
no it's cool tool wizards trying to get
the same fly go ahead I don't mean to
brag right but like I'm the champion I
am the champion huh I'm the champion
hey so much for watching hope you
enjoyed that video if you did you too
big thumbs up comment below and
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday thank you to
Marcus and forgive make sure you click
their faces or check the links in the
description to check out their channel
subscribe because I'm doing videos on
their channels very very soon and you
must check them out until next time
one love superwoman that is a wrap haha
