welcome to I read our lines where the
people be Irene no phone be Irie and the
safety be re
alright break everyone asked for please
pay attention to outline this TFT
feature the aircraft if you want ignore
me and continuous into your iPod not one
care when unite there are six emergency
exit on this airplane please take a
moment and just wear your closest exit
is because if this place start filing
and you come up to me and say where my
closest exit we washed up your tool time
open my parachute and save myself yeah
everything so fasten your seat belt
pertain yet ahsoka jung this term on
this to Oman no mush to bump up now is
the air pressure Gaylord and Beyonce
booty up indistinct no i prasad writes
it a blood clot now shut your mouth and
listen to the captain ladies and
gentlemen the captain warning me go we
experiencing are little bump and grind
from the sky so please fasten your seat
belts not much of your head during this
turbulence all right if you like wonder
we will send out this little bumper car
accident in when you see the string not
try to bear arrow and save everybody
else unclear in the ear first put on
your own mask and then assist your dude
if you are sister news first
and then tonight we will end up with
your premium via babysit daddy what a
stress in the unlikely event no get the
boon emergency landing on you rub up on
your bank and you up the exact UAV
aircraft leave ru belonging behind
except if you have an iPhone 6 because
that's me real some things worth more
than your life
all right don't be ungrateful Chuck
Steve Java spent so much effort and time
in that blood Latin if you're
experiencing some turbulence inside your
belly is you have to take a poop just
make sure your left in there now on the
floaty things be located under your seat
so bend down low to Chhotu and pick up
your floaty thing if you're feeling Nemo
swimming around your feet i right ladies
nothing more stressed at your most aqaq
your couch easier than when you slide
down the emergency slide because if
you're much of the slide
and try to get on IRS we're gonna throw
you off like Jack from Titanic and your
best believe that nobody making a movie
about your blood clot the food be Irie
if you need any time during this flight
just dink editing or anything positive
one comes you seen a ski in Bridgend
everything I read e-everything be Irie
and remember when in the air if you have
a problem there's no problems here all
your solutions and welcome to Henry and
I we have a middle teach about that
let's get outta here your goatee and the
most remind you when the light design
there is no smoking on this aircraft but
when the light is asked if you're free
to light one up here enough as long as
you share party no jibun de la Paz I'd
come on up sit on the plane of a signal
deeply all right it's time to get ice so
make sure your fasten your seatbelt put
your box straight and put your table
away the wall come around one last final
check come around we see a laptop on
your panting but watch laughing to time
you're going pray for some turbulence
the air you ready pick you to my sit
down okay OPA take up what you think is
your father please thank you for
choosing ivory Airlines we understand
you could have pick any other airline
today about your chose to fly with us
and me we appreciate that you Yuri
hope you enjoyed that video if you did
make sure you give it a big thumbs up
comment below and make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday also you can
check out my last video right there my
daily vlogs and the tubes hottest and
don't forget that there's only a few
more days left to get my team super
shirts worldwide shipping the sale and
January 14 so if you haven't gotten yet
make sure you get it cuz that's the only
way to be re until next time one love
superwoman that is a wrap and
