whatever when it's a girl superwoman
happy new year yep peppy music no real
though Happy New Year this is the first
day of a new year and I hope I sincerely
hope you're feeling wonderful you're
feeling happy most importantly feeling
inspired because I feel like being
inspired especially on a day like
January 1st is priceless
hope you had safe and happy celebrations
with people you love last night send my
total emotional love you kisses lots of
stuff exciting things tell you first of
all I want you with huge shoo-shoo shout
out to everyone who's been watching my
videos since 2010 which is when I posted
my first youtube video so welcome back
it's another year together la I want to
give a huge welcome and thank everyone
who's joined team super when it was last
year a couple months ago yesterday it
doesn't matter welcome now I already
made a 2014 recap video on this channel
yesterday so I'm not gonna go do the
whole oh my god we did this the say with
distance this thing been there down
there but I did want to make a video
today tell you all of the exciting
things you can expect in 2015 because
some of them some of them my panties
have been twisted about number one for
those of you that follow me on other
social media you know that today I'm
starting my 31 days of vine which means
I'm posting a vine every single day for
31 days the entire month of January
which means you should follow me online
and I know a lot of you aren't familiar
with what vine is it's basically
six-second videos you can watch on the
vine app so if you want to watch these
six second videos I make every day that
are comedy and that should make you
laughing hey I gotta do is download the
vine app it's totally free I'm not
endorsed by them or anything it's just
like YouTube it's called vine it's free
you follow me at iisuperwomanii I'll
also put a link in the description cuz
you can watch them online and follow me
online as well on the actual website if
you use ancient it's all good right
there follow me on bias and I really
hope you do because it's something new
I'm not too familiar with it I would I'm
a youtuber I don't really know much
about vine I want to challenge myself
and if you want to support me please
follow me and after 31 days if I feel
like it's going really well I might
continue to just make vines in general
so your support is crucial on the note
of vine
number two today I have released a brand
new team super shirt which I am a static
about now you might be familiar with the
popular Detroit vs everybody shirts well
humble the poet the creative genius he
is created via shirt and Oscar shirt
that says team super loves everybody and
obviously I love that it doesn't matter
where you're from which religion you
believe in how you dance what language
you speak what color of skin is what
kind of people you like whether you're
into girls look around guys doesn't
matter who you are if you're about love
team super loves you and that's what
this shirt represents it's available
from today January 1st until January
14th because if you order it by January
14th there's a very very very high
chance you'll get it before Valentine's
Day so you trying to get your bag to be
happy I'm just some just say it also
unlike the first shirt it comes in so
many different colors and style so you
can get it like a hoodie and get it in
long-sleeve you get it like a sweater a
t-shirt a girl's t-shirt
we think it's just there's the
possibility that endless once again
there is worldwide shipping so doesn't
matter where you live in the world
wherever you're watching from we can
ship to you the link is in the
description remember the sale ends
January 14th so make sure you get it the
fold in number three and the one I am
most excited about okay I have had this
idea for so long and I'm finally
executing it starting today you know
when you watch videos on YouTube and
there's always some that's like first
comment and everyone gets annoyed at
them and replies saying do you want a
cookie
you know what I'm a unicorn that likes
one love and I don't like when the
person makes fun of the person who gets
first people do you want a cookie
maybe the person happy about getting
first if anything we should support the
fact that they're happy support
happiness instead of making fun of them
so I have decided that I am actually
going to send cookies to every person
who comments first all my videos for
this entire year let me
play now casually said your cookie
cookie because of customs and food and I
got these things but basically whoever
comments first on all of my videos I
will respond to them asking them for
their email address I will email you
from some sort of superman' account and
I will send you a signed cookie themed
greeting card from myself with a special
message inside congratulating you on
getting first comments you know what
because it's an achievement and I am
proud of you and I'm a unicorn one love
so for all those people that are asked
do you want a cookie guess what you go
get a cookie and I guess this is January
1st we got to start with this video so
whoever commented first look out for my
reply I will be messaging you so it
started cookies if you hit cookie cookie
number 4 the thing is that all the
things I mentioned half of you already
know why because you signed up for my
team super newsletter you still haven't
done it you gotta do it all yard is put
your email address into triple-double
your team super dossier you'll get a
newsletter for me once a month and I
will give you discounts and give you all
this information before everyone else
and tell you what I'm having my shows
and tell you about all my projects and
all the cool stuff and this month it was
beast this is kind of what it looks like
it's super cool like to a Q&A I do like
advice I do a whole bunch of things and
it's totally free I gotta do is put your
email address saying so if you haven't
done that yet make sure you're doing
because I also make a secret video every
month that only these people see teams
to Boston and just to end off I want to
say I also mentioned this in my
yesterday's recap video that numbers
don't define our memories yeah I know as
youtubers we get caught up some having
normal subscribers and the number of
views the number of this and of course
that stuff is still important to me but
it's not as important as just all the
wonderful things we do together and all
the time we spend together and all the
memories we actually create I really
really want to emphasize that in this
new year that as much as we say give a
thumbs up let's see if we can get this
made up of jana we do that yeah but I
cannot speak on behalf of myself I do
that but it is not as important as all
the wonderful comments you leave all the
kind messages I get all that all the
moments we laugh and share together
that's what I really want to
sighs in 2015 it's all waiting a whole
bunch of just random queue days and just
ask me how your day was he's really
interacting with you like a family
because you're my family and that's why
I'm trying to do all this like
newsletter stuff interact with you
respond to your comments sending you
cookies like I just cookies cookies
cookies I just wanna show you how much I
respect to you and how much I appreciate
genuinely appreciate you being here and
I don't want to get caught up in like
all of this number grinding type stuff
yeah that can be there but that can be
in the back so whether you've been here
for a while are just joining thank you
so much for being part of team super I
have great feelings about 2015 it's
gonna be a year of team super and I will
still be making videos every Monday and
Thursday thanks so much for watching
this video if you would like to you can
give it a thumbs up you can comment
below and you can subscribe if you
haven't yet subscribed yet I didn't I
need to explain these things who do I
say I'm never explain them subscribing
is also for you it doesn't do anything
all it does is notify you when I put up
a new video so it makes me smile and it
notifies you and nothing else so I am
done so and you want to subscribe also I
made a new video with humble a poet on
his channel make sure you check it out
on the far end over there my daily vlogs
over there how I spent New Year's Eve is
in that vlogs and it's very exciting
also that 2014 recap video I was talking
about is right there other than that
more importantly oh you dude you rock
you rock Happy New Year love you one
love superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
one
