what up everyone it's a girl superwoman
and 2014 has been amazing don't take my
word for it though check out these
figures 101 the number of videos I
uploaded on YouTube this year not
including my 12 ask Superman live
streams also Dalmatians 63 the number of
people I collaborated with in 19
different videos on my channel including
Kunal Nayyar grace Helbig hannah hart
jenna Marbles
maimry hart miranda sings my parents
DeStorm power king batch logan paul
d-trix timothy delaghetto
connor franta rhettandlink jay sean ASAP
science shane dawson seth rogen who I
also kissed for Dunn's James Franco
humble a poet inquisitive Joey Graceffa
Ryan Higa Kingsley mother addiction
Garen Brar fouseytube
and 23 other youtubers in my if YouTube
were Bollywood video I was also on three
episodes of youtubers react with the
fine brothers 21 the number of days I
went to LA in January now this is my
first time ever in LA and I was so sad
when I was leaving because I didn't
think I would ever have the chance to
come back since then I've gone back to
LA nine more times for a total of 93
days spent in LA this year that's three
months this included my first ever vid
con my first keynote speech at the
YouTube space where I pretended to know
things and two seasons with I love
makeup in two different shows totaling
40s ODEs and me play
three different characters one of which
I wish I was in real life why you know
make me Z 27 the number of days I've
spent in London England
where I attended my first ever Digitas
featured on BBC World News while only on
two hours of sleep
aka I fell asleep and don't remember
anything I said surprise I'm a potato I
mean a youtuber youtuber what
Fiddlesticks prob had my longest meet-up
ever which was about five hours and I
met approximately 2,500 people which
means I took about 7,500 selfies because
let's be real ain't nobody takin one
selfie I also called chips fries at
least eight times and almost died
crossing the street about four times I
spent two days in Washington two days in
Hartford Connecticut four days in Texas
two days in Boston one day in Detroit
first a body earth Detroit bursae but
wait lows are talking about eight days
in Orlando Florida where I attended my
first playlist live and visited Disney
where it rained for days in a row and I
had no umbrella Allah Allah
four days in a row because lessons do
not get learned in it in my brain six
the number of days I spent in Singapore
where I ate my first piece of durian 0.3
seconds the time it took me to spit out
that first piece of durian seven hours
the time I spent regretting that
decisions but then I visited the world's
largest infinity pool stretching 150
meters and felt a lot better
seven the number of days I spent in
Sydney Australia where I kissed one
giraffe and became Lil Wayne for 36
seconds while on a boat i'm on a boat
look wait Lil Wayne didn't sing that
song
I'm gonna bhops always a little there
nailed it
14 the number of days I spent in Mumbai
India we're on my first night I attended
the number one TV show comedy nights
with Kapil I shot my first Bollywood
collaboration which I spent two days
shooting the music video for gulab gang
did a video with my favorite actress of
all time Madhuri Dixit in which we
referenced eight Bollywood songs had a
three-way call with Shahrukh Khan and
got invited to the number one actors
house to meet his daughter and her six
friends he gave me 12 roses one watch
one of his Blazers and I had 40 heart
attacks and died 70 times 15 days the
time it took me to go on a road trip
across Europe including 4 days in
Barcelona for days in Nice three days in
Florence three days in Rome and one day
in London somewhere in there I also
prevented 14,500 metric tons of a
leaning tower from falling over because
you know appreciate the glide I spent
five days in Scotland for the MTV
European Music Awards I which I took
three selfies with ariana grande one
picture with Ed Sheeran in which he
threw up two gang signs made two weird
faces with Charli XCX met Jena Malone
who was in hundred names two and three
and speaking of twos I also met the
Bella Twins complete with their six pack
abs and I experienced this whole thing
with my number one French darling the
Jerome Jarre 51 the number of flights
all this traveling took two hundred and
eighty three point five the number of
hours I spent on a plane this year which
equals eleven point eight one day's
which equals five hundred and sixty
seven episodes of The Simpsons
but there's only five hundred and sixty
episodes of The Simpsons which means I
could have watched every single episode
of The Simpsons ever created while on a
plane this year
and still have time to spare for free
peanuts speaking of the Simpsons I
visited Springfield and took 8000
selfies and ate one Krusty Burger
therefore making me queen of 13 galaxies
two six nine eight seven six eight nine
eight the number of times I've eaten
Chipotle this year I'm just kidding
that's Bryce's phone number ten million
the number of views my most watched
video now has which is how girls get
ready this year I also released my 300th
video and hit two three and four million
subscribers in fact this year I gained
two million seven hundred ninety nine
thousand six hundred and forty-five
subscribers and obtained over three
hundred and sixty million three hundred
and sixty six thousand six hundred and
eighty five views which makes sense
since you watched 1 billion six hundred
and twelve million three hundred and
thirty nine thousand two hundred and
three minutes of my channel and press
the thumbs up button thirteen million
four hundred and twelve thousand six
hundred and seventy eight times while
leaving 1 million six hundred and forty
thousand seven hundred and two comments
you effin stay my life I also started
daily vlogging and reached 100 vlogs in
which I look 40 different types of weird
as f which means you heard me seems you
know over 100 times lucky you my first
feature film released called dr. cabbie
for which I hosted one music event and
surprised fans at two theaters I was in
the movie for 2.3 minutes which makes me
an a-list celebrity I surprised 1qt at
his prom and kissed him on the cheek two
times he warmed my heart 1 million
degrees and now my heart is pudding the
red velvet pudding
but okay that's gross I was part of my
first-ever YouTube rewind where I put
pants on seven times without using my
two hands got verified on three social
media platforms including YouTube
Twitter and Facebook - the number of
pictures I took sitting in Sheldon's
spot when I visited the Big Bang Theory
sent 16 the age guard bra turned when I
celebrated his birthday with him on the
set of Disney's Jessie 17 the magazine I
was featured in I climbed a rock once a
rock and unfortunately I didn't climb
the rock but that's okay because he's
tweeted me five times this year
therefore making us married with three
kids
jabroni one two and three now take all
of these numbers and add them up and
what do you get well it doesn't really
matter because the numbers are what
counts what really counts is you and me
because I can honestly say the best part
of 2014 was spending it with team super
so thanks so much for giving me the best
year of my entire life and I cannot wait
to make a million more memories with you
in 2015 because honestly - super
you are my heart one love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop
you
