well then come here Shh
these collabs doe so much stress also so
fun every time I make the decisions from
12 clubs Christmas or 12 clubs or
anything or like a group of clubs I'm
always like oh this is gonna be so great
and like by the last couple I'm always
like why I do this now the whole goal
with these clubs where I want to set the
standard for my channel I feel like
whatever people collaborate on YouTube
is okay
we're gonna stay in from this camera and
talk about things I mean I do that all
the time too I do challenge there's
nothing wrong with that I think some
challenge videos are hilarious but I
want to see if I can off the standard on
my channel and see if I could do skits
and things that people won't even expect
any collaboration so I really really
want to challenge myself
if youtuber Bollywood are literally it
took me a year to make this video a lot
of people don't know this but in January
of 2014 I did a group of collabs and
number 12 never came out and this is
that number 12 and it took a whole year
to make and thousands of dollars ago
money not that is about money but from
hard drives crashing to editing to
green-screen to everything going wrong
so releasing that collabs I felt like I
lost 50 pounds ever
I think I'm high and yes I did
legitimately kiss Seth Rogen and I
remember like telling my mama like can
you tell her mom go kiss that bro go
right now like hey mom um so for my skit
I'm gonna kiss this guy's the picture of
him he's an actor and my mom just proved
to me why she's best ever her response
was that's okay I'm not racist dude yeah
cool - we won't cool
here dude dude negative bro dude bro
dude bro soul video took like 3 hours
because when they left I wasn't acting
by myself so my jeans was really like
talking to no and fun time dude who's
talking to no one but every time we're
in the same shot together 45 minutes
that includes them walking into the door
you're telling them the idea telling
them their line at 45 minutes go so
mother Africa roll get a dick joke bro
yo bro yo dude bro
yo yo dude bro dude enough boy you're
bad boyfriend lifetime you getting
character you're always like on point
yeah yeah I didn't always eat it like
that I may have to learn how to do that
in front of people this is why I have my
pump up songs and why I have this thing
before before more before I do shoot
specifically that little walk and prep
thing I do is basically like hey
everything else besides getting this
video done well is irrelevant so there's
a matter if you feel nervous and doesn't
matter feel scared not like none of that
contributes to getting the video done so
it's irrelevant like that's just how I
think of it so I just turn off my
emotions and like it's just a 100% goal
oriented actually yeah you go first okay
good so I'll give you my phone oh no I'm
breaking character in between Jakes
I'm so confused two ways this third Club
with Shane Dawson Shane is such a
sweetheart and I knew like I won't do a
challenge browsing I wanna see if I can
like switch up the challenge about maybe
different all the other words for
challenge so like great my dad's going
to it got bloody head everybody shot him
out
sorry
Asaph sighs I love me some ASAP signs
and those that I don't know the reason
humble was also there is because that
was the laughs crew um
ASAP science is also in the lab music
videos also here let's have a little
reunion here in this video version of
awesome time genuine beings also excited
by the video and it's like free sparking
like salmon yeah and I used all my
videos not to be like make this said
he's kind of something I was like jay-z
zone for that like our readers account
right I'm pumped don't pop the creative
idea and the creative concept I like the
most out of clubs it would be the one
with a stop signs
I thought the idea was just and they
partially thought of that idea they
pitched that idea to a long time ago and
I just built on it so that was all them
so I already feel extremely awkward yeah
I've actually forgot your names they've
got so many bitches so I'm just gonna
actually just don't say it clapping with
Jay Sean and let's talk about next Iron
Man just like oh my god get this play
it's great so Jay and I became friends
as you're online and we started texting
back and forth and I'm a huge fan of his
song I was a banger little bit of Hank
against Xavier
ah I think I might have drunk texted him
once advice he should have a youtube job
he is hilarious always the funniest
person I know he made me laugh so much
and like Jake Shaw needs to be on my
channel more light touch to be flat I
don't know that oh you don't let me
right now
about you 10 you doing things is like
still about those clues Cheers
down grape Flipboard is something I'm
going to try for so long I think I only
went to a flip Cup Series because I so
good at it
and I think it'd be really cool I was
bummed that it didn't get as many views
as my other class which is okay because
I still enjoy doing it along they were
phenomenal but um let me know comment
below if you like that club because I
want to more foot force call me Napoleon
Dynamite cuz I'm boots we get it every
time I work with Conor it's a hit it's a
hit anytime you and Connor do anything
together we just touch it which like
it's a hit actually if all the collabs
I've done this entire 12 clubs that
videos got most views so even though if
YouTube were Bollywood wrote all those
youtubers are involved one girl Cole to
all those girls the one with Connor has
the most views that has gotten the most
media coverage the most press and the
most everything I don't know if
something about Connor night I think we
should get married
I I know what you're thinking I don't
care I still wanna get married in okay
so the vine versus YouTube rap this is
like I want to shoot the first time as
in LA and also this is too ambitious of
an idea there's no way I'm gonna be able
to shoot this idea I'd have to write a
rap find other people that will write a
rap get six people to get is not gonna
happen
Brittany Furlan was supposed to be in it
but she got sick unfortunately so I was
like damn now I need someone else and
then that's brought Logan Paul and I had
no idea who that P was was like my name
yeah he'll get
yeah and I get a huge shout out because
I know like Tim raps and I know batch
raps a little bit and like they were
okay with letting us kind of take over
for a time say so I was really cool them
and there was no egos in the room so
that was super dope that luxury tax now
that you're on vine oops you some of my
signing me good it based tiny so it's
not taking you on so I'm in a situation
where I need two more clubs and I don't
know what to do so I was like I'm an ask
my parents go when I say action and
you're looking they're not the camera
okay remember hey Lily
your music video got seven billion views
no dad you look at the cow go with the
camera so hey Ellie your music video
over seven million views why what else
to add reference what up right yeah
ready and action
hey what a sauna preference
what up sweater reference what up stuff
ready ready anger hey when I start up
preference no take your time with it
don't rush it sweater I know what I
meant what's up spider reference a what
up sweater reference what up smart
enough is ready anger what swatter
process know-it-all again
and you should put this behind the see
I'm going to I'm going to trust children
do you even ask you forever to see my
parents or like this is perfect
I literally text my parents I need you
in tomorrow's video make sure home
that's all I said
they stayed home all day they actually
thought of this idea I need to take this
in the idea I had with a cloud with my
parents sock I was going to sit with
them and be like hey guys react to my
videos of me acting like you and my
parents Lulu said no we have a better
idea what if you have a dream and that
way I'll just like this is amazing so
they thought of that idea and I just
wrote the script and I'm gonna follow
you know and then in the couch I so it
take time to make Tommy go woo
well the owner easy to come today wait
till he comes
ok they'll be the girlcode
ok so this is probably the hardest club
for me because I started making YouTube
videos from watching all of these ladies
all these ladies were my inspiration I
use to watch them all the time
huge fans of them so I'm already friends
with them but then to work with them as
well it was kind of like overwhelming
for me direct also make sure they were
comfortable also try to be like their
friends those a lot of a lot going on in
my brain and even when I watch the
videos like oh I could tell I'm nervous
but it was such a good experience I
literally sent one email to like hey I
think this would be really cool for our
fans to see that all of all of the girls
of YouTube coming together and basically
sending this like subtle message the
hill we all get along we don't hate each
other there's no competition one love
and they were all sold out like yeah for
sure
I'm balling but even Gracie wasn't there
she's like yeah tell me what I need to
accord and I'll
an explosion something and then
something and then speak it down that's
pretty much what it is yeah yeah those
directions are really helpful you should
be an aerobics instructor you said you
wanted to and then so I was a situation
where I needed one more collab and I was
like what should i do what should i do
my parents are so sentimental
who else is as close to my heart and I
was like duh you my name is just me and
I'm from Austria hat frames medal I'm
from Germany
my name is Ali Annika and I'm from per
meter I say I was Rory Betty I'm Alisha
my name is ready and I'm from Palestine
collab 11 with you I knew I wanted the
message to somehow be love is a
universal language I like being kind
being nice with universal language so
that video took almost two all-nighters
I downloaded so much a thousands and
thousands and thousands of emails and
Gmail actually locked me out of my
account because I downloaded so many
attachments and so I had to delay it by
one day I feel like that's my most proud
video when I was proud videos from 2014
was a collaborative all of you I'm
shooting first with Kunal which is
actually the person I came back to LA
for shoot the last time I was here I
just ran short on time I got to his
house late the son was gone there was no
light so I flew back for him it's gonna
be Manjeet and but I'm needs love story
which is a video you've requested so so
so so much and so I want to say before
chorale my bleep the gluten in there
who's awesome woke me up this morning
and called music yo make sure you're
writing him here on time rows like
clapping were 12 been a long time coming
canola I've been friends a long time and
I've always told him I want you being on
our videos I asked him once knees again
down first of all he's a phenomenal
actor I don't know if you used that
hungergames see you know about shoot the
Hunger Games scene we hope it all comes
together it's just so hard when you see
things like this cuz we're doing all the
seams canal furs and you can't really
chronologically see anything piecing
together at all until like we're done
all the scenes so it's like
when I forgetting anything you know
glasses it's almost like this it's like
we reflect back on the day we first met
and it's like who would have thought
that today he'd be doing this this is
life just library that's life
don't drop that don't boo
don't just just it's like what is my
life even how did I get for keeping this
on yeah let's say one thing since I know
a lot of people were expecting the rock
to be number 12 and that makes me happy
that you believe that I could get the
rock and I want to say that I didn't get
the rock for number 12 but that doesn't
mean I won't get the rock oh I hope you
enjoyed the 12th clouds of Christmas I
literally put my heart and soul into
these clouds soda Drake and soda jazz so
make sure you show them some Twitter
love their informations in the
description
let me know what you thought did you
enjoy them what were they kind of like
on you need to work that hard we're kind
of all right look I want to know your
honest feedback comment below and let me
know cuz if you like it I'll work this
hard do it again but if you thought it
was like not that much of difference
then let me know because I can sleep a
lot more so comment below and let me
know twelve claps of Christmas I can't
believe I did all 12 this first time
ever in my life I've done all 12 haha
let me know what your favorite club was
and thank you so much for watching I
know it was like a lot of videos you all
back to back with your show so much love
and support to all of them which is your
favorite comment everything comment all
your thoughts below I want I want to
know let's discuss the 12 clouds and
Christmas I mean so much to me I want to
discuss with you comment below
our prize the comments a start a
conversation right now go one love
superwoman that is a wrap and
