my name is me and I'm from Austria high
plains medal I'm from Germany
my name is Ali Anakin and I found four
meter I said I was wrong about a militia
my name is Maria and I'm from Palestine
I believe a nice person is someone who
doesn't for anybody else down because
they're different what I'm going to
everyone and consider everyone I think
was someone who's willing to look past
gender color phrase disability physical
surveillance to be radical embarrassing
other girl blue a little bit I'm sure
that after a like a loop you can also
use a charm so I got a little girl time
exists you and iris own is from my even
token office or bring my little girl
someone who fights for the rights of
mother is going to stand up and act
stands up for people who can't sign up
and self if someone who speaks to the
lonely and shy kids that no wants to be
friends with I like being nice means
think Rebecca the babies are born equal
a daily basis someone who says hello
good morning to everybody because one
little thing can either make someone's
day or just completely crush it a nice
gifts and doesn't out looking for prey
in a war or if or how because it makes
them look good that because they really
enjoy it but quantitatively about to be
a nice person is someone that never says
or does anything to bring down another
person self-esteem the person that
doesn't take advantage on other people
consider somebody who helps others even
if you're she doesn't know them I can go
up Alabama pesky at all I know here you
go bring this guy Steve seems a nice
person won't disrespect you
my perspective and people- obesity also
vegetables
and the important thing is an own fast
are capable of doing the same one
you
what was question
