hey it's almost Christmas jingle dead as
what time is it
check my watch it's almost Christmas
what time it is almost Christmas
oh well Chris mom is almost Christmas up
oh yeah how come it's never time to
clean room huh mom man get the spirit
come on yo how about you clean halls huh
you see how much does everybody there
I'm sneezing here comes Santa Claus here
comes Santa Claus here comes a little
something here comes back you here comes
acting never on the first day of
Christmas my true love gave to me there
is no loving that you married mom what's
a Grinch man come on quickly what do you
want a Christmas I want to take that
stupid no sitting out okay okay what
else
mmm stop making video mom I'm serious
IQ series than my pending dog closed
dinner movies perfume but we don't mind
I want you to show respect spoon fine
look fine dad what do you know oh no no
no no no kale or thank you I don't need
anything I'm too old now okay
oh my god can you just tell me something
Lily don't okay don't do these childish
thing it's not childish it's Christmas
but to mommy tell you wanna buy some
garlic sing rapid I'm going to unwrap it
so much better paper you are they say
gon lose because they bear so much paper
are going to explore they are soon
forget it I hate this house you're I
love Christmas
new parents
get off see no expect none where is the
respect I'm looking I don't find this
one moving to Christmas Merry Christmas
mom
hey Lily ma I got you something you got
me
you got me beat
my dream oh my god you got me like
actual beat my other friends used to get
me beat but they were like way different
wire hello your music really got over
seven billion news dad
let's celebrate
so we got my phone nowadays
Emily what sort of Empress laughs all
right yeah 100 yes one more thing Becca
gimme back up wake up boy hello it's
Christmas what's happening happy
Christmas you know what this mean
presents hey no stupid it's Thursday
garbage going today how do you get up
huh and uncle coming over okay we need
to create a wall house
oh that's right okay get up quickly
don't waste time okay get up right now
don't make me give you bit what essence
hand
hey hope you enjoyed that video with
Super Mom and super dad if you did make
sure you thumbs up and leave a comment
below Andrew to subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
you left my sweater head give up on the
sweater it is from love more their
information is in the description
there's a special team super discount
duty news also want to get it link is in
the description and make sure this
holiday season you spend time with the
people you love because that's them all
of this video I know sometimes as kids
we get mad our parents and vice versa
but take advantage of what you have
volunteer and spend time with your loved
one we had good timing this right hey
happy holiday one love superwoman good
bye them it seriously take the nose ring
