how are you gonna pay that luxury tax
now that you don't bind all right right
right
nobody watches YouTube anymore oh yes
six seconds a Thailand bra all right all
right
next time you said again six seconds a
tux yeah I can do Collin Brown except I
got it right you put that joking second
they said yes because mine repeated
thank you you know what DJ spin that
track why you said it's a white spin
that track mr. DeLaGhetto that's your
sub box work nah
yeah somebody told me that the tricks
are for kids
y'all if it's the junk will be the Lions
brand-new Alliance y'all stoves we
microwave brand-new appliance you know
school we ahead of our time
we had a billion views in just a year on
the vine I see you shopping for
equipment to shoot we got ourselves an
idea that with you that's right a
million fans on vine get you a million
lose some million on the tool couple
hundred thousand views you setting up
your cameras and table full of
sandwiches lights booking flights for
your underpaid amateurs skips up in
Jamba Juice loop will be shooting sketch
here somewhere up and drop a juice yeah
got that stuck in your head this way and
break the bank with your cannons in red
we can follow us so fast masonic look
superwoman she even have a comic book
bitch 301 like Iowa and it still haven't
changed its back in my day you acts well
I see the video to this song one don't
be silly Lily the ads are too long
Oh cute some nursery rhymes I know you
like loops but let me put you in line
cuz I am here just to remind you this
ain't mario you can't reach the top of
the vine don't be all up in this jungle
trying to climb to the top so we hustle
it then we grind YouTube's cutting
checks the man we just started call us
weed whackers cuz we killed a snapchat
more than you dig I make art art and you
make it you need to drop the King
because we got a king Beach waiting for
the storm but is just so sunny with a
job what happens if it drops you
stepping outside you living inside a
body near stretching and you just
getting dropping a little bitty square
get into
we find that the fact is you to do this
just wondering I was an INT song yeah
wasn't okay hello guys hello yeah your
drums out hey I wanted to talk to you
but my new project okay
it's a show and it's called the zhuoma
show and there will be pranks on either
the lots of guests gap every day and you
guys can be part of it and the beautiful
thing that is going to be on snapchat
what what do you think dance
yeah you're by actually doing the
logging man I mean so much I love you
bye right right women so stable I mean
do all we enjoyed that video if you did
make sure you give it a big thumbs up
comment below and click subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday to tell me why guys grab
your boy d-trix yeah what they do wish
your boy king bench they still powerless
up well my name is logan timothy
delaghetto can they can you take them
all oh all information is in the
description
yourself another challenge oh you know
what my dad
