what everyone's a girl superwoman and
welcome to flip wars this is how it's
gonna go down my two guests are gonna
face I'm gonna five cups the club game
first person to flip all of their cups
will be background and fix the move
every time you grab the cups you say
there's a slip word when you fail you
say the bluff word and don't forget to
finish off now a person wins gets their
very own flip cheese performed by the
losers yet it it got it easy peasy lemon
squeezy
ladies and gentlemen your flippers are
wet versus link
your Flipboard is young the Lord is your
finale is spinning three times are you
ready I think so yeah all right let's do
it
Ren I will be drinking tap water la tap
water because it's the most dangerous
substance we can find hi this is my
first time playing flip Cup and I don't
have a strategy I'm just going to look
at the cups I'm going to flip them and
I'm going to allow my natural instincts
okay the best flip win three two one
and rain get greater joy yo-yo sweet
dreams
Oh
Wow
right
they call me flipper because Uranus as
expected
victory is mine but now I gotta take on
Lilly and I am excited about my tactic
is simple I'm gonna go under I'm not
even ever touch the governor look at the
cup and it's gold flip it's gonna flip
finalists are you ready three two one
they call me flip bounce because my lips
don't lie
all right gentlemen as per the rules of
flip wars the two losers must perform a
flip tease for the winning party flip
tease so in the five new I flip cheese
is drunk monkeys get hit by an oncoming
truck in slow motion and go thanks so
much for checking out this video if you
liked it make sure you give it a big
thumbs up comment subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and before you go make sure you
subscribe to these hands fellows the
links are in description they have an
amazing show called good mythical
morning and I'll been upcoming episodes
oh yeah right looking for that thank you
one love superwoman that is a wrap man
what oh look it makes an ass
