my god I'm so sorryi hey there was no
traffic or anything I think are you day
or time good oh okay oh sorry hi it's so
good to eat to sit to see you and to end
up to me you is all of the things I'm
instantly regretting this
so I already feel extremely awkward yeah
I actually forgot your name so I'm just
not going to say for the whole interview
well I already established a safety word
of my friends so if you do one weird
move I'm gonna text the word apricot
yeah I'm trying to come off it's really
classy but I'm actually just very horny
right now I haven't shaved my legs for
like three months it's really the first
time in three whole months that is great
yeah my friends right you have amazing
news oh pixee how do you spell apricot
so I'm gonna ask you how your day's been
cuz I know girls like that kind of stuff
but I won't be because I'll be thinking
of my next question to be honest it
doesn't really matter what happens on
this date because I'm gonna tell my
friends everything and then they're
gonna decide if I like you yeah I don't
know what anything on this menu is my
token well you brought me to a steak
house and I'm a vegetarian so I know
you've never loved right yeah I think
I'm just gonna point cuz I don't know
how to announce anything I'm so nervous
I just farted but I like clenched really
hard so you couldn't see how my face
I bought this in extra-small
just a just impressive you know I am
impressed and to be honest your muscles
are so big that you need to say
something stupid I'm gonna convince
myself you have a great personality oh
stop what are you been talking about
that is crazy but you know I'm trying
really hard to be there but but you keep
being counted what Wow to be honest you
know what I'm actually done on purpose I
can see my Cleveland for the tribe
excellent really not just like oh my god
get this play yeah I know this is a test
no no I see my bras like this pattern
III have no idea what I'm doing
I actually order another martini please
not because I'm Benz or anything I just
don't know how to handle adult
situations how many good mm-hmm actually
don't agree with anything you think say
but I'm gonna not an agree because you
have a vagina I'm not even really
looking for commitment right now I'm
just really oh yeah my last girlfriend
actually emotionally scarred me so I
feel the need to the little compensation
look I know I don't really care but it's
kind of like all my other friends are in
a relationship I'm like the odd one out
so I'm like I really really hope that
you're not like my ex-girlfriend because
I can't go that I don't placing it no
I'm slowly getting drunk and you're like
way more attractive I'm actually gonna
go to them to the bathroom but not to
pee
i just feel myself between you know this
uncertainty yeah I'm actually protect I
have business to attend to but I'm just
gonna text my friends everything that's
happening right now we have a group
going on with eggplant emoji already
making jokes about your penis
that's like you guys those great you
actually don't have that looks my
friends just want to know who I hit it
or not and it doesn't matter if I to can
I'll tell them I hit it twice I promised
myself I want to come back to your place
but I wore matching brown pants I have
major trust issues as pretty much down
your for me well the bill is coming and
I'm gonna offer to split it so okay yeah
yeah I don't wanna be sexist or anything
but I'm a man so now well I'm a FEMINIST
and I believe in equality but I also
kind of don't want to pay so I'm okay
with this yeah like I basically have no
idea how this whole thing went but I'm
just gonna pay so I'm just and then
maybe perhaps we lead the way and we'll
just get it for rumor choices now but
shall we
yeah attack me I don't know no no I'm
not good do you want to hold my hair
doesn't know okay I can walk your soccer
player on slippery floors and well here
we are
ice freak my anger to try to get more
contact
so these people is special it was no
chemistry yeah but I feel like is the
reason why this here is to go okay yes I
sort of onion you should have had on you
yeah been tone Tony Mary yeah twice yeah
no hey I'll be enjoyed that video if you
did make sure you give a big thumbs up
condylar make sure you subscribe because
I'm thinking music Monday and Thursday
when all this handsome guy is he's gonna
stuff online
Tom refined it told Jay Sean everywhere
basically Jay Sean is me
and then basically facebook.com post
that section to additional inspiration
on this is pretty much why you're here
you might as well go and check out my
new music videos called tears in the
ocean and all I want from the mistress
too
did you know that mistress to money
realm is free it's free again what oh my
god right yeah exactly
good I'm going to answer one question on
Instagram do you post shirtless pictures
absolutely go there now absolutely no
the next time bye bye
take this off
