just so we're clear my shirt does not
say put out okay it says put out the
vibe I'm not whore whatever we want it's
a girl superwoman and since the
beginning of time my parents have always
believed that they're right even if what
they say makes no sense at all mom why
is the sky blue because I said so it
keep changing Jackie even black know why
it's that we do we pray to God because
if you don't you're going to kill you
you know by treating sick because you're
always watching TV you know the same on
the news Facebook giving people cancer
and for years I thought long and hard on
how I could possibly win an argument
with my parents let me tie something
that day is today because I've hired a
special team of scientists to put
together presentation to prove all the
ridiculous things my parents say wrong
take a look at point one it has changed
but it's much stronger now all the
information that you need is there we
have heat scans we have brain scans all
the information the chemical equations
are written it and how are we feeling
calm confident to the back check
everything with all of our references
here she needs to see them I don't even
believe in science this game comes next
and you don't map right carried all the
ones who did there's no mistakes we can
talk about the state's best friends back
checked ready to go with comedy you can
argue some things in life music art but
never sign science is everything around
us and it's never wrong except for those
sometimes that it is wrong but other
than that it's never wrong I need you to
understand
this is going to change lives no I said
two years she told me my head was
hurting you know why because I was mean
to her okay that is not dance that's not
science it's not science it's not
Valentine's no that is not it
it's hooey okay that's what that is
hooey
it's nobody that changes we don't like
who who is over whom he added today it's
almost like I'm Jennifer Lawrence I'm
like Katniss into The Hunger Games
you're not about to start a revolution
for the kids everywhere in my bow and
arrow
the maid of knowledge all right guys we
must have 11 protons you know why
because we're so young right
okay Daniel Gaynor one two three ciders
get out there we're workers right
complain we get the right range right
naughty little opcode
it's my robe are you ready
it's show time all right mom I'm speak
to you for a minute okay and I suggest
boys
on August 14 2012 you gave me a hard
time about getting married because you
said if I waited any longer I wouldn't
be able to have kids but science says
you're wrong not only do children born
of older parents do statistically better
in school but is actually 32 years of
age in which there is the least amount
of child mortality and one more thing
it's not always about biology it's also
about sociology is better for the
infinitive mother is more financially
and socially stable which comes with age
the science on September 4th 1994 when I
was just 6 years old I told you I don't
want to drink my milk because it makes
my tummy feel bad you said I was
ungrateful and should be sent to
boarding school but guess what
science says you're but science says
you're inconsiderate as it turns out
many people are unable to digest lactose
because they lack the enzyme lactase
including a significant proportion of
the Indian population wait mom aren't
you from India its genetic on February
16th 2011 I asked you for a hug because
I was feeling sad would you say to me
let me tell you what you said okay you
said a hug won't make me feel better a
degree will well science says you're a
mean evil Feeney
hugging action releases the feel-good
chemical oxytocin in your brain
promoting feelings of devotion bonding
and Trust that decreases heart rate
decreases blood pressure and also
decreases the stress hormone cortisol so
what it sounds like to me is that mom
you should actually be begging me for
hugs well mom hope you enjoyed this
presentation thank you gentlemen
no problem at the smart phone yes it
means unicorn
I can imagine you probably want to
apologize now so what do you have to say
can I show you one
see this this mean this you okay we
breathing oxygen oxygen going into this
building this building my house is
building my rules you know not in the
building your rent you know what this
mean my house my bloody rules okay
you smart what come let me ask you one
question
okay let me ask you one question when
you don't have degree and then you don't
get good job and you homeless on the
street
how many hungry take to fill your
stomach because you dying of starvation
huh how many left ever are employed are
you fine okay okay go and you don't come
okay let me ask you one thing
if you yeah force and order it okay how
comes you're always eating so much ice
cream on what happened back then yeah
okay tell me let me ask you okay who
wanna marry really and have kids better
with you or and ugly huh huh oh what do
you exactly should let me see your lip
seizure see this makes sense because you
bring down and down word with you wait
what up t-shirt reference yeah get out
of here
get up yeah
so after careful analysis I have come to
the conclusion that it is in fact
impossible to prove your parents wrong
because they crazy because because
because because
thank you so much watching video if you
want watch last video click right there
also mention in common to get very big
thumbs up thank you so much good was a
fair times they make very nice videos on
the channel diamond we have together
what's it called
well Jim periods actually make women
moody don't talk like this to me okay
don't they make very nice size video
make sure you check them out link in the
description make sure you subscribe
Thursday okay say bye everybody
