whatever one is a girl superwoman and
guess who's here today
oh my god it's Shane Johnson oh I'm so
excited that you today I love human
touch
I love it - I'm gonna knowledge it I'm
so glad you're here after this is so
long overdue
yes I'm so excited to collab with you oh
no no no you're not clouded with me all
this is really awkward what my dad want
to collab with my dad's a huge shame
doesn't then oh my god okay I'm gonna
call this is gonna be awesome
it's gonna be wicked Oh shame dancing
when you say Oh
today we are going to collaboration best
best best collaboration okay listen
whisk for a challenge I'm gonna wear
this you want to whisper in my ear okay
I'm going to guess what you say okay
okay let's let's do it you ready let's
do it
okay then hold on well play some Daler
mehndi hold on hello some what yeah okay
okay
if I went pretty girl not really
Gideon burger perfect but I am for I am
perfect burger baker if I am Baker if
I've been to bread if I make you bread
I'd you would be my first you would be
my first fan
am i fired because I burn your heart
because if I was flower full are you
sticking for jumping to me if I was a
fully it effectively fire strong my god
because you I blow you mine I blow your
mind
no no no no you might know you don't
blow anything I brought this one you
don't call my mind no baby baby baby
maybe you stop in my heart like a bad
cholesterol yeah that's right
what did saying sector 70 that's my
pickup line I teach them this one you
know I do this guys look at this guy you
know this guy knows look at this guys
like Justin Bieber guy he knows we're
the same Chester no ok have you coming
coming coming
don't you think put this in your ear
Dada
ok look ready ready I do owe it I would
do anything for you are you a work of
art because I want to bring you against
my wall huh I've never done anything
like this before but I'm willing to try
her you work of art have I ever thought
are you so in my heart
art art love oh our art
bow heart eyes eyes I detected art
attitude because dzasta I want to ping I
want you to pin you to beat me i ne not
the horan pin to pin Hoke my
softly you see kids these days break up
against a wall warm water
whoa oh whoa oh okay next to my next one
that's okay that's okay but they don't
run again let's uh play Titanic I'll be
isobaric you're a lion do what you feel
is dead lesbian huh this is less a plane
Titanic Titanic boat sinking water water
Titanic big Rodrigo boobs or big ship
Titanic Oprah questionably gay on is
what surfing let's all surfer that's the
blade I turn I could be big jack rule
right Danny let's play big ship water
water I be ice I'm dying inside but a
good ice cool I'm holding in my VC old
oh I can't wait to go Jack
good you go down I'm gonna go down yes
okay voice is good but this is good one
I guess what hey look at me look at me
okay look aren't you
are you working gubin Paulding google
ready cuz you for hey everything I'm
searching for are you Google googling
I'm googling myself you google by
googling Pete are you googling are you
googling I might Google and are you I'm
Duke who are you Google you are do
Google you are searching because you are
even for me or do you want everything
else do you have and everything I'm
searching for everything I said you have
you want everything I am searching for I
do Google are do Google am i ok are you
Google Google Google are you cooking
kugel Google Google Google Google am i
Google don't do like this do Google are
you google are you go go
because you have everything everything
searching for I'm looking for yet you're
typing thank you thank you thank you
thank you mr. xie na's and when juicing
sectors I'm TV playing whisper challenge
here on the jib tube if you're liking it
make sure when she doesn't do tell it
does another channel make sure my word
we will make the like the video beeping
I think I'm just in paper no what's the
bloody had you doing my own Mary Stoke /
idiot
Lily okay everybody if you like Shane
Dawson or Justin Bieber share the Dawson
makes you check out his channel make
very nice videos very nice video
sometimes a little bit bad language he
use but that's okay you check out his
videos you click his page you go there
you like this video but they you do like
this this button you do this you leave
comment blows oh my god daddy looking so
sexy this video K make sure you click in
subscribe because my daughter stupid
daughter making new video every Monday
interns do you do Tigers okay tell them
like this like I get for you guys
somebody help me you googling me I'm
everything he's looking for good
