I might is what the bloody as you're
doing huh
he's gorgeous wait my teeth what you're
doing huh hello no no very matter just
go back to sleep
mom dad groans stop dad what's happening
dad mom
oh oh hey oh hello this is some Moree
ish mm-hmm mm-hmm weren't you kissing
another man I gotta do I come Decker he
kiss me hello Lucas oh you kissing my
bloody wife huh
well well dude lucky wasn't accident
okay what'd you do I'm just chilling
with an actor oh man accident it looks
person Manji no I look nothing like my
jeez I'm a ho Martinez you dick when I
keep it shape see when you dig champagne
with me Ned
why'd you kiss the wife I don't know the
kid was coming as a second man she's
ever kissed a man what the hell you
gonna shave my family huh no I don't
know what I'm sorry look isn't it a big
deal that had lanai busted right now
they see Center you mangy thing they see
Santa so that sucks what the people are
going to think you know you're that's it
that's it okay I'm going to deal with
you calm down
Manji calm down what ha I'm going to
give right now whoa whoa we got all
wrong when you go in there now houses oh
we got over house bro see you right now
did with you right now
hello ha Manjeet Singh Chandigarh sector
17 your mother so ugly
that even Hello Kitty say goodbye oh
that's right that's right I mean you
just your mom and you but hell is
happening just your mom and you yeah I
see that why is this happening
goodbye look Manji you don't want to do
this we don't want to do this we don't
have yo mama yeah we're oh I'm Santa
Claus and an elf you think we have a
long battle ass your mama battle I had
with when I was like in seventh grade
Zack and we're like five hundred years
old so seriously but if we were to say
anything it would be that yo mama's so
ugly even one direction with the other
way oh yeah okay you shut up okay you
shut up your mother head is so big that
when she wear that jet before say hello
kool-aid ha yes that's right that's
right I saw them when they see they fit
cool and I saw I thought dude well yo
what was so easy for square-meter booty
a place to check in and I'm the mayor
oh damn is else Hecate 2014 13 okay okay
over my mother easy my mother's in okay
your mother your mother called me and
she said when gee I'm so tired of using
a North Pole I want to check out your
score the ball ha yes that's right
that's right your mother want to sleep
with my very sexy husband okay
very mature stupid me myself walk away
in disgust oh yeah can I get in on this
do come on your mama put the rat a
ratchet oh no you're wrong his mother
name below yes stuff right that's right
below foot believe your nail okay auntie
have mad cash making it a red rupees
every single day oh that's right that's
right okay and you know your face so
ugly that your mummy took you for a walk
and you got
for nickering eh-heh oh you want some
aloe vera for that burn okay no thank
you I'm good but your mom is so nasty
that your dad is a multiple choice
question
oh yeah okay but you guys are dumb okay
joke about me dumb
you know why you say because you calling
your mother three times okay
I'm a elf over there's be Easter Bunny
see father times D oh no that's it
that's it okay I'm going to hit you I'm
going to hit your face don't fuck with
me I'm going to go you're low on you I'm
going your law on you I'm going to do
the rest just get going solo on em okay
you don't look him good you're not I'm
good yeah I'm you think I'm afraid to go
you think I'm afraid to go the stick man
okay I'm dangerous I saw Davis even -
fuck you text message me that he's
scared nobody because I have six back
okay I can be naughty oh I can be not no
no don't be nice or I can be naughty I
mean both go dad beam up no no no dad
that's my boy Sam
dumb dumb let's go get kabbadi kabbadi
kabbadi kabbadi kabbadi kabbadi kabbadi
kabbadi kabbadi yeah that's my dad
what bros before hos okay honestly
that's confusing because your bro spits
in increments of 3 hos bad boys for life
but you want to fight good way to me
they also give me a break ok I better
yet let me say in a way you'll
understand oh ok ok
spring great for everyone else and Santa
guys are consumed if you thought that
was the end because this is the end all
right bring Break forever she's right
hey you shut up your mama's so ugly she
made a happy meal sad
what did you say for me huh but she made
a happy meal you you get it right cuz
there is happy
Oh sad dude
come on bro she's standing right there
man the mom is right there Oh her mama's
right there God see she's standing I see
your mama because your mama not here
your mom I'm all shook up see she's
standing black buddy dad there's a rules
to your mama's issue you can't dude your
mama when the mamas there's your mama
rules this just mister mama and did it
your mama joke about her since you can't
do your mama when the mom is in the room
sick wall of you wanna come I'm making
happy music you want me to fuck yeah
your mama's gonna kill you dead yo
momma's gonna kill you you'll have a
nice boil can you not be boy and you
know what happened to rocky boy do you
know what happened authorities around
the world are investigating this
treacherous crime the nation is baffled
at the disappearance of Santa Claus I
was so nice I did all my chores I even
cleaned the toilet after buried all
night but Santa Claus didn't get me
anything on my list where the blood clot
is Santa Claus why'd you kiss top team
shut up dude you had to kiss on do
program to just shut up shut up dude his
prey no that one's he's super great just
warn the others
hello hi thank you very much for
watching video hope you enjoy thank you
so much James Franco and Seth Rogen make
sure you check out the new movie coming
Christmas Day Khan we introducing me
very nice a 1 make sure you check out
sweet good good thank you
