I'm a nine-year-old girl also in case
the other two people in this video suck
at least I look cute whatever wanted to
go a little Pullman and I promise these
two clowns that can be in my video
provided they cooperate so today we're
gonna do the 7 second challenge and
these two moves have no idea what it is
break it down for all y'all right now
okay basically each of us have three
challenges because I have no space to
even breathe right now you're smothering
me look every small okay whatever
basically each of us have three
challenges in which we'll get challenged
the other two people to do in seven
seconds
tap again so everybody comprehend so I'm
gonna do to the best of your ability in
seven seconds so everybody comprehend so
I'm gonna do to the try go first sure
yeah middle first you have seven seconds
the concentration then second to name
all of the Spice Girls Oh baby party
vision John Courtney I'm not blue six
scary
I'm scary we have baby posh ugly and
scare kids of me came up it is funny you
don't tokens Amba dolly the dolly
zombies fight ya know spice ginger
passion baby sporty and scary I
guarantee if you go back I said Oh
family seven seconds to list five
cartoons go tobut area Thank You Monica
I think we nailed it I've always good Oh
250-300 College is like having a 7-6
what you have seven seconds
who does happen like this I do it in
London are you guys think yes I'm gonna
do like so I'm gonna do like so Padma
are you upset okay
um you have seven seconds to count a 45
go what do you mean fuck we're so done
by five
ah you clever girl was robbed
oh I'm sorry guys about seven seconds to
give me the best lap dance
one two five six seven let's try to use
the apparatus we had around this Oh
so what apparatus ha what do you say
apparent advantage apparatus well just
to stop you get around us I wanted to
make the use of Virata what you mean at
this here no I promise a peppery
apparatus you're not from this country
that's ten seconds to find something in
this room that is red go yep six five
four three two
you're Cathy real thought that think
it's clearly pace are seeing is that so
on the surface and you didn't look at
this on your exposure where it is
nothing counts I think I almost broke my
foot job legally I won that no this
isn't candy
this is Laguna Beach sunset red no but
you have seven seconds to jump ten times
on the sofa behind me
one two three four five six seven
oh wow easy that's you don't make it
just
she's like drowning is like it's like a
scene from Titanic really believe in a
mission she worked my fuck I think she's
in one yeah
you have seven seconds to whip your hair
back and forth it is a strategy is a
strive oh that is a strange oh you have
seven seconds to kiss your elbow go okay
six you can divide it oh you're so let
me tell me I'm fine a kid that's how you
get your level
I'll go cream vial cook for three that's
all done I did it
you're just spreading a case is
vanishing by the time you lose your I
did it
that's a count that I thought she goes
as a love on the ground Don hunt for
that but mine with gender okay so you
have seven seconds to write your
initials on your forehead three
hold on hold on hold on oh yeah
highlighter and I have a permanent
marker the only problems I know what I
have I have commitment to the game oh
the shoulder oh yeah instead I'm super
warming and I thought does it
if you wonder who these two clowns are
this is inquisitive he's amazing orange
mixture check out shuffling a
subscription his humble poet he does
some pretty cool stuff on his YouTube
channels well you can check it out
are you gonna plug this off more that
would be great I'm gonna remind them
that we've been laughing oh yes it was
them laughs and always the one that the
backgammon tease should we reenact the
synchrony didn't and what you should do
in service that is your second second to
give a thumbs up comment below and make
sure to subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and
check out my last video is right there
it is called what I would do if I were
in the hungry
or something along those lines my daily
vlogs over there and the news episode of
the two TARDIS is over there that's real
cool oh my gosh until next time one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
