slam where in the world is superwoman
today eighth in district 12
mother what everyone it's a girl someone
and if you know anything about me you
know I am obsessed with the Hunger Games
movie series and probably that like
haven't read the books have seen the
movies don't trip don't be stressed I
mean you just haven't lived life but
i'ma write this down for you real quick
for all the news there are 12 districts
that are very poor and have no rights
there's one capital that is rich and
rules everything basically it's like the
real world every year one male and one
female has to compete in The Hunger
Games which is controlled by the capital
there's only one winner and the arena
changes every single year okay now
admittedly I've never read the books
okay I know I know shun shun me throw
rocks at me but I am obsessed with the
movies and the third one is coming out
today which is Mockingjay and I'm gonna
go see you today so needless to say not
panties are more knotted than some
dreadlocks right now convening it so my
question to you is do you think you
would survive in The Hunger Games
because I know for sure I would die for
the following reasons first of all I'm
not really good at like wolves or paying
attention when important information is
being given to me it's like all right
cool 60 seconds left until the Hunger
Games my mentor comes up to me is like
Lily do not run into the center demi
should've peed before I came to the
arena find water
ugh I shouldn't have had that Slurpee
this morning water is your new best
friend honestly I got to stay off the
liquids I'm getting bloated do you have
any final questions no I mean just one
just one where do I pass go and collect
$200 and then I would go to the arena
okay and stand on that little platform
thing waiting for the countdown to
happen and if you step off early they
blow you up so it would be like ten nine
eight and I would be standing there
confusions like wait I'm sorry start
packing up some clarification here do we
go on one or is there a zero seven six
five like it's a three to one right or
is it two one zero one four three start
can I get some clarification
because can we have a demo real quick
here three two oh and now I'm dead
because it was zero not one case I'm
hair and makeup oh that's right I'm a
weirdo by myself making videos but to be
fair I feel like all games in general
need that clarification okay for example
rock-paper-scissors that's supposed to
be a real simple game but we all know
what happens when we play some rock
paper scissors okay ready Rock papers oh
no are going on scissors rock paper
scissors slam yep rock paper scissors
slam okay ready rock paper Oh dad I did
it right pick one - it's on - sit down
three so one two drop want you to be
dropped right okay rock paper sit no
okay one more time rock paper scissor no
scissor scissor draw scissor drop rock
paper scissor drop so much got a fusion
and we all know what I was in The Hunger
Games I will be taking all of my
technology with me okay
I think GoPros strapped to my head phone
phone charger my priorities will always
be ridiculous that's you already know
okay if I find a bow and arrow I'm gonna
grab it and run and run and run and run
as fast as I can into an area of the
arena that has the best lighting so I
can take some selfies like I got a bow
and arrow you know many people that
would just be like huh
akshay modern-day Cupid hashtag slay
hashtag literally and you know I'm gonna
be wearing that cute little fitted
uniform outfit there when you think I
can go take some selfies and I you see
how fitted this is this like getting
some free Lululemon pants here okay
I mean Africa expense the most cuz I
would go be part of the Hunger Games a
day told me my suit was gonna fit like
some Lululemon yoga pants up in hell I
mean if I'm gonna die I might as well
die my booty look right I'm only trying
to survive okay find some fresh water
nothing up snap so excited found me some
fresh water and we just check in on
Foursquare I was gonna find me they're
gonna kill me but that's okay you know
why because I'm the
a year of this fresh water son not to
mention if any sponsors were to send me
any survival items I would have no idea
how to apply it okay I like dying of a
wound I get the look again
open it some rubbing alcohol much thank
God oh my god now I can take some shots
though no bro right get crunk turn the F
up go party in a cave get eaten by a
bear game over shots shots shots just
walking through the jungle
oh oh my god some berries you know
work real hard time I just make myself a
smoothie real quick before our money up
and win these Hunger Games start a fire
right here I'm just gonna this is
awesome to stop enjoying this right now
is that some fog coming my way oh my god
this is getting romantic as on a date
with myself right now
dead dead I am dead not to mention that
I'm the least out of shape person ever
be be talking more like eight packs and
six packs all I got is a 2 pack what up
t-shirt reference
and by Tupac I make my boobies lastly I
don't deal with water situations very
well so if I was part of the second
movie where my platform was surrounded
by water yeah that wouldn't go too well
that's cold that's cold that's cold
I'll give you guys up one of those
things like I know I just go in I'll get
used to it
it hurts out first films head you know
I'm saying with their district three new
film relapses okay I'm just going to I'm
sure I'm just going to do it I'm just
gonna go I'm just gonna go ahead and oh
wait I forgot I can flip boom cannon
dead
true story I can't swim okay I would die
in both the Hunger Games and in a water
park
death by waiting fool but having said
all that after careful evaluation of the
first and second movie I've come up with
the following ways to survive in the
Hunger Games
first of all if I'm in this training
sector right I'm going to try and
pressing people in the way I know best
okay all these other holes are up in
here throwing knives combating I'm just
like nein nein nein nein nein I'm a
flirt with the game master just like oh
hey sorry send a call right Senate code
right Lily district trouble yeah I just
want to say you know after training
today you wanted to hang out so I
thought I could use some one-on-one
training you're some mouth-to-mouth
resuscitation if you know what I mean
because I think you're like the smartest
guy here right you like the man I mean
just look at your beard it's like a
co-ed graffiti okay
and I want to read that poem all night
long because I'm not wearing anything
under this bodysuit by the way and I've
been doing mad squats up in my district
okay so do you think the president is
firm you have found this booty yet boom
okay you really won't kill me you really
want yeah okay karma go back to training
stop another thing I would do is confuse
people in the Hunger Games by playing
another game and convincing them I'm
right and they're wrong
someone just comes up to me and is like
you're dead you don't want to do that
I'm gonna kill you you really don't want
to do that I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do
it all right round one fight what's
tintin tintin tintin tintin tintin
tintin tintin tintin tintin did it did
it did it did it did
what are you doing Mauro come back dude
this is the Hunger Games Jen over here
no but I'm going to get over there
because I have his weapon and I can kill
you we never die flawless you doing okay
now for sure that doesn't even make
sense because you haven't even killed me
yet I know Matty
dude you're just saying words in the
voice of the Mortal Kombat free shin
dude I honestly think you're confused
and last but definitely not least I
would make sure I do not fall in love
with some useless mother effer like PETA
dude I'm sorry I love you you cute but
you hella useless in The Hunger Games
dude I can't be babysitting you okay I'm
not being trying to survive trying to go
home to my sister my mom too ghetto you
see Gary
cos I'm fine too he gave me his bread
dog I'm trying to go home and hit that
and use all uppity like oh these
poisonous berries oh I'll be the first
to sleep I know we're in the middle of
The Hunger Games but I just really think
this is a good time to cuddle we'll just
discuss our feelings for a second oh I'm
just gonna paint myself into the ground
right now in the middle of the Hunger
Games you know people are shooting at me
shut the F up PETA because listen we off
you're starving I'm trying to catch some
fish
I'm trying to catch my feelings brah
okay so peace out Peter and I even your
name's inconsiderate come on you're
famished okay and now I'll call you
Peter and I want some veggie wraps in it
anyways that's all for this video I'm
about to go watch the third movie
Mockingjay part 1 I'm so excited you
like this video please click the links
in the description to share with other
hundred you stand over there anyone in
general because also I want you to
comment below and let me know if you and
the Hunger Games and that countdown
happened
you're on that platform what is the
first thing you would do and how would
you survive the Hunger Games make sure
you give this video a big thumbs up
check out my last day right there called
types of singles you can also check out
my daily vlogs my second channel right
there also there's only two more days to
get your official team super t-shirt is
only available until November 23rd the
link is in the description worldwide
shipping this your last chance so get it
get it and click subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday until the next one one love
superwoman that is a wrap and may the
odds be ever in your favor
yeah
