where in the world is superwoman today
eight I'm in a garden I'm kidding I'm
back in and I so hope you don't mind the
change of scenery
whatever one it's a girl superwoman and
can we just have a moment of real talk
can we just be real boom how many of you
have ever been single and wanted to be
in a relationship so badly but then the
minute you got in a relationship
your brains did a 180 degree turn use
like asked that no for real if your
brain just like hey baby how are you you
know I love you 30 seconds at a walk oh
I thought you were someone else already
mother BMI in the matrix how'd I even
get you I'll be trippin my GPS money up
our way over there my bad please click
the thumbs up if you can relate to that
and it doesn't matter right now you're
in a relationship or not because at one
point you were single therefore this
video relates to everybody so let's
watch it like a family okay let's go
through the types of single people
number one the caged single now this is
a single person who has gotten out of a
horrible relationship and now they've
just given up on love completely their
personality is a mix of like
overconfidence independence and
celebrating single life at every given
opportunity in fact in fact they laugh
at the idea of being in a relationship
because they don't need anybody to be
happy besides themselves and they know
that because they have a custom-built
playlist on their iPod that tells me
that and it's so easy to spot these
people because they're the ones in the
club that turned the F up when single
ladies comes on OK because they don't
just dance to single legs don't know
they use the song to send a message
normal person I'll say guys are thing
ladies are saying I'm a single a cage
single person all single ladies all the
single ladies all the finish don't know
straight up it's like sarissa way up in
the club no for real no this person is
so against being a couple that they
won't you eat like a quicks or a KitKat
because it comes in twos there's a they
stay near Olaf because it rhymes with
solo
black my my chocolate gotta be
codependent but what about Reese's
butter cups that's some freaky ex okay
I don't know what this joke is going
anymore it's gone buh-bye joke bye send
me a postcard this person is so single
that they don't even use plural words we
get to be the grocery store like hi can
I get five bag so what was that five
bags dude five bag okay
that we'll each live their own life
because can't nobody tie down my bag
basically they're crazy also I'm kind of
that person number two the sappy single
remember now the sacrificial is someone
who is single and everybody knows it
because they will shut the f up about
their life is a state of confusion just
like why am i single why doesn't anyone
like me why can't I find a date and
chances are this person is still in love
with her ex still in love with their ex
ex still in love with our ex ex ex
because they just miss having someone to
love and someone to have some xxx
and they get so invested into
relationships so quickly they cannot
stand being alone in fact like
relationships define them so whether or
not in relationship they stay like
listening to love songs and posting
tumblr quotes and watching romantic
movies just sex the bottom today and
it's easy to recognize yourself in
single person because they always look
like this and I'm gonna just take comedy
and make a Realty for a second if you're
one of those people can just tell you
how you're freaking awesome and it sure
focused on being part relationship you
should be working on yourself so that
you can realize how I can awesome you
are you know why because you can't be
part of my tool if you ain't a complete
one boom Oh reflect summertime is comedy
sometimes a life changing superwoman
number three the flinger now the timer
is a single person who's never really
single because they stayed jumping from
relationship to relationship to
relationship their life is like one
giant game of hopscotch okay just jump
ring from person to presence to the o1
o2 damn I'm doing that the cameras will
be you know damn it
let alright one two boom this customer
303 will you see number fours Mercedes
number four you see the booty on number
eight eight seven six
oh let's go back to number three though
three like tonight get tired what the FI
you up the middle and ain't no one know
what the f is going on with you okay all
your friends have to communicate to you
and like that awkward secret things
oh hey I'm house on what was it a John
John right John how is John we broke up
of course right you broke up that jerk
John I'm dating Tim now of course Tim
yes Tim like how can you trust a serious
question I have a serious question how
the hell did you obtain a line of people
that are waiting to date you at any
given moment like where are these people
coming from and and where's my life I
swear to god is not fair my line you
look like the F and line C final
destination my tent okay and no one in
that right because they know what's
gonna happen family number four the
workaholic
now this is a single person that just
takes a bump out of buffing grind
because all they do is grind all day on
their work the workaholic is so busy
chasing their dream working on stuff in
school trying to be successful that
they're literally in love with their
work and they don't even think about
marriage marriage what's the mayor who
is a marriage because they're married to
their dream and their idea of a perfect
date is sitting together sending emails
writing proposal oh my god
discussing strategy that's a turn-on
right there and oftentimes people around
them will get so frustrated because no
one can interfere with their work not
even biology okay because not how sexy
or call its partners workaholics make
to-do lists they don't do people and
unfortunately tapping your booty and on
that list okay Excel is and Excel is the
only spreading in sheets that you gonna
get literally just out of that play on
words right now that was in problem just
somebody give me a high five just nailed
it number five the seeker now the seeker
is someone who's been single for a
really long time but it's proactively
trying to get to a relationship always
like they're always on the hunt they
stay trying to date random people and
unlike the sappy single day mad about it
know if anything they're innovative and
determined about it Efrain tinder effing
facebook chat after an Instagram private
message F in charge calm eat harmony all
the dating websites you know how your
mama taught you not to talk to strangers
yeah this person isn't off strangers
they date them this is the person that
sends you creepy messages on Facebook
being like hello you want friendship
book their whole life is a game okay
because they seek and as a result people
hide because they come out way too
strong and you scary you're scary you're
scary number six the healthy single
person ah the healthy single /
so sort of like the Loch Ness monster
you know a lot of people have claimed
they've seen it but people don't know
for sure if it exists same categories
like leprechauns the tooth fairy
they're real no I'm just kidding this of
course there's plenty happy healthy
single people okay I just I just don't
know him because my friends are F and
that's all for this video before I go
what is that just oh where did I get my
really cool shirt from I'm so glad you
asked this is my limited edition team
super t-shirt there's only five days
left to get it it was only available
until November 23rd link is in the
description worldwide shipping so make
sure you get it home it if you liked
this video make sure you give it a big
thumbs up and comment below letting me
know are you any of these single people
you can admit it's all good
please all family here make sure you
check out my last video right there is
my reviews of the EMA's my daily vlogs
are right over there and then you step
aside of the tubes hardest is over there
in the corner also make sure you don't
forget to click subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday
each other next won't have yourself a
wonderful day I hope you're happy hope
you're smiling cuz you're beautiful fun
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
stop
don't be spy
