did my head grow though what about when
it's a girl superwoman and if you can
follow me on social media you know that
this past weekend I went to the MTV
EMA's in Glasgow Scotland what up
t-shirt reference um I could not even 30
seconds into the video to arrest me bro
because I'm killing this ish also my
nails are Brock don't look at them and
therefore this is literally the only MTV
EMA's review you need to watch is under
give you the four one one on my
experience firsthand alright first of
all let me just address the most
important part of the ear days okay it's
not the performances it's not the show
it's not the artist now it's backstage
okay they have a free stuff dude I'm
talking like free makeup free massages
free shoes artists out on the venue
winning best song and I'm backstage just
for your loading up mascaras into my
backpack though sweet big are you
kidding me I'm grabbing stuff and as you
make sense okay I'm gonna go free hair
extension dad give me that spray tan you
say spray tan I need me some my dad all
that no my eyelashes be looking at how
the on point
I know if you can sue them because it
looks better when it's hurry now the
coolest part of the AMAs for me was
walking the red carpet I mean this the
same red carpet that ariana grande next
year and in red food all these people
are walking and I'm walking on the same
carpet as if I'm some sort of important
person and I'm not trying to self
depreciate myself like a glowworm I
value but let's be real okay clearly the
person who made the guest list was
Indian and trying to help us sister up
or there were some uncle I don't know
about that worked at MTV either way
thank you so I'm walking this red carpet
okay I'll be real it's not my first time
walking a red carpet I've done it before
but none as big as this in case I know
awkward I find the whole experience is
like so self indulging what you walk in
you're like alright you guys can start
taking pictures of me now close one pose
to cute pose click click click ok once
you get my side profile I can never get
my side profile because I haven't
carbs for days doke at Subway today and
they gave me a bone lettuce right I'm
gonna turn around for you
grab some pictures on my booty though
cuz I have to try on seven different
panties make it look like this
no I'm saying no straight I just click
away don't even look at the screen and
review your work ok photo blast that is
right now freakish like - slash - - -
and I understand ugh I swear to God
Diwali was last month it is intense but
nonetheless I do my thing I walk the red
carpet and after exactly 40 seconds my
feet starts throbbing because my heels
are hurting me I'm like you know this is
why I'm not fabulous and now I'm walking
like this and ariana grande cover to the
red carpet look at flowers look at that
perfection with their cute hair and face
and I'm over here like Frick ask me I
hope my Spanx ain't showing no I swear
to god it's my Spanx ripped oh another
person is gonna follow to my stomach
okay just like boom clap it's gonna be a
Charli XCX song right here right now god
bless Spanx doh moving on let's talk
about the show and you know you know I'm
gonna start with my BAE Nicki Minaj okay
because we're going in alphabetical
order enter booty is an a a plus the
show starts with Nicki Minaj suspended
from the ceiling with her long dress
flowing to the floor and I'm just
standing there like my god she looks
like a beanstalk descending from heaven
Queen where's my praising hands emoji
and I know exactly what happened okay I
know exactly what happened before the
show Wayne and Drake stole some magic
beans buried them in hopes of climbing
this magic Beanstalk and touching some
gold and eggs if you know what I learned
and I can relate okay I can relate to
Nicki Minaj because you might not know
this but Nicki and I actually have a lot
in common okay because I've never after
Wayne and I've never after Drake here
probably for different reasons but like
what I broke it by choice by restraining
order but whatever staying the same and
as someone who was physically there let
me just lay down the facts for you real
quick okay Nicki Minaj slave VMAs she
was a phenomenal host she's fine as f in
real life and her performance was the
highlight of the night she went from
super bass to bed of lies anaconda
everyone was turned a puppet you annoy
me the most is that when things like
this are happening in front of you these
magical moments as what takes out their
phone and starts experiencing it through
a screen like why you looking at your
screen watches enjoy the moment put away
your cameras
I'm just kiddin me to see me did you see
me that was me vlogging beside Nicki
Minaj because I was right beside her
when she won let's just rewind for a
second oh snap she looked on my camera
she looked at my camera and then she
smiled I don't she didn't say anything
but that basically translated to like a
lily I see you and like after the show
let's grab some drinks cuz you're my
best friend and now I love you forever
but reading between the lines that's
basically what it was
Nicki I see you baby ariana grande was
the first performance of the show and
she was just so cute and she was just
slaying it actually had a chance to talk
to her backstage it wouldn't color with
your unicorn tail me lavender lavender
yeah no one has ever responded with
really my tears like pink you show you
sweetie that jay-z that I see that for
sure she's so sassy and adorable I love
it she's my woman crush Wednesday and
it's Thursday her performance was effing
awesome and this way you could tell that
the venue that the emaze were in was
phenomenal that stage production that
setup no hmm her performance was like
one of those really advanced gumball
machines I mean like a really high tech
ones the ones were like get to put a
dollar in because it was so high-tech I
mean I personally can't relate because
my mom never gave me a dollar to waste
on such things I mean you white kids
probably can relate doing you you know
the kids that call their mom by their
first name like yo Sarah you made
another for this dumb ball machine sure
Timothy here you go
no you put the money in the gumball goes
like this whole maze to get you and
you're like oh my god this is so
exciting
the gumball goes like down a slide
across the platform that was Ariana's
performance and Arianna was the gumball
the performance starts by her like
popping up to some tube that she's about
to participate in the F in 74th annual
Hunger Games okay she performs then she
gets carried over to this next stage in
some Yoshi egg she gets over here does
little dad's in this next platform
elevates her up
meanwhile she's on stilts the whole
performance I mean like they weren't
still there were heels but they were
like this high they might as well have
been stilts and later on ariana went on
to win the best song and best female
artist and my heart I also had a chance
to challenge ed Sheeran backstage and he
is so down-to-earth and adorable instant
man-crush yeah I'd be very comfortable
with my sexuality enjoy and then you
perform and here's the thing okay
pageants voice is just so calming is
this just me like do you agree with me I
feel like his voice is like comfort food
I feel better hearing his voice it's
like I've had a long day and I want to
pour myself a glass of Ed's voice his
voice is like oatmeal Oh Mike his voice
is like oatmeal everyone tweet Edie let
him know superman' said your voice is
like oatmeal your voice is like mac and
cheese okay your voice should be sold in
bottles at bars and people should drink
it to feel better
seriously you are my comfort food I just
I don't know what I don't know if I want
to since you want to eat you go out and
drink I don't know what I what
congratulations on your voice Justin
Bieber won best male artist and he
wasn't there to attend so instead he
sent in a video of him saying he's about
to go grocery shopping there's no punch
line like that's what happened Best Pop
went to one direction Best New Artist
went to five seconds of summer
and in the midst of all this I'm
standing up in here like oh hold a polar
Polar how am I supposed to be perving on
these youngins a day and have you tell
me Justin in here Luke in here and Zayn
enya why the heck am i wearing the
skimpy dress not no stop the show what
the f did I shave my legs
it's a bloody garbage Kaiser also
performed it can I just say I was so
thoroughly impressed with the
performance I mean it's one thing to
sing like that but then to dance like
that
while singing like that that's really
impressive
no I'm talking like she was nailing
those moves like she was basically doing
p90x while singing and I'm standing
there like dad okay I'll be on the phone
and tell people to hold on because I
have to walk up some stairs and I get to
talk like and I need to hang up and
pretend like it disconnected to catch my
breath I use up on that stage like Bam
Bam Bam Bam brah don't be lowering my
self esteem okay what do you think it go
your large pizza right now like honestly
is not fair
spanks probably wear her to look in
shape Alicia Keys performed and I mean
what else is there to say about Alicia
Keys she always looks majestic she's
just so gorgeous and she's so pregnant I
mean like
ready to pop pregnant and I'm just
looking at her and you know what to be
honest I feel kind of jealous not a part
whatever baby because my car baby's all
up in her be her friend and stuff gonna
be her daughter and frickin I'm over
here standing here like oh my god she's
so pretty
why can't you just imagine her baby what
you think her baby's inside her all like
oh I'm growing and preparing for birth
hell naw see her babies in her stomach
turning the F up like hell yeah this my
mama this mama you see how hot my mama
is straight okay some people want it up
but you don't my mama got it all okay
you hear that blue and North okay your
mama's be fighting in elevators imposing
naked for magazines my mama be majestic
as f I also had the honor of meeting the
Bella Twins Charli XCX Redfoo and Jena
Malone ian's are all wonderful people
especially the Bella Twins they were so
cool and down-to-earth and fit as f go
straight up Oh mr. condom
double-oh-seven because they got all the
guns overall I had a really good time
with MTV EMA's and I was really
impressed with the performances was the
host and the general flow of the show
good job MPD I like it
in case for some reason you were living
under a rock and missed it you miss you
get all the highlights by checking out
the link in the description make sure in
your day life and just like my VMAs
review I want to try getting some of the
artists I mentioned in this video to see
this video so tweet the artists I talk
about within this video using the
hashtag MTV EMA who knows hopefully one
of them will see it and then it'll be
kind of cool and I'll be like whoa but
in the meantime what you can do is give
this video a big thumbs up if you liked
it also comment below letting me know
what you thought of the MTV EMA's make
sure you check out my last videos right
there it's called types of textures I
think at least I don't really remember
but but hopefully that's the one you
know so check out my daily vlogs right
there my whole experience of the EMAs is
right there behind the scenes and of
course the latest episode of the tubes
hottest is over there lastly don't
forget to click Subscribe brah because I
make new very
and every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop Roman
came out different Reming take your
medication
