I am literally guilty of everything I
say in this video what everyone it's a
girl superwoman and I cannot believe
that I haven't made this video yet like
literally texting is my favorite form of
communication it is my life yes judge me
and considering that these days even my
mom has epic emoji game I figure this is
a video everyone can relate to
so grab your family tell him to come on
over let's go through the types of
textures weirdo my mom is mochi game you
took number one the semi texture now you
ever been in a situation where you're
busy doing something like I don't know
like making a video then all of a sudden
your phone starts having a seizure like
so then you stop what you're doing and
you pick it up because like you're
assuming someone's dying and you look at
your text messages and it's just your
friend asking how you are
except they sent like six separate texts
to ask you like hey how are you question
mark smiley face like hi hello I cannot
gather your thoughts in 71 concise text
message instead of impulsively clicking
send after every word because I need
structure okay I need structure you know
you were probably one those people that
failed miserably in school when it came
to like the hamburger si model you know
that they ain't showing the conclusion
stuff you probably made the worst
hamburgers your si probably had lettuce
and bread everywhere okay
you fail you fail subway would never
hire you because you make the worst
sandwiches ever and I don't I don't
remember what I was talking about but
now I'm hungry yeah everything is your
hope and the number one sign of someone
who is a semi sender is a series of text
messages that looks something like this
I'm hood hood hood Oh God good star star
stupid autocorrect like if you just
chill the f off the first time you
wouldn't be so hood like right let me
break this down P okay I don't need to
know all about your autocorrect
struggles okay I'm over here still try
and get Siri to properly say my dad's
Indian name okay I got my own problems
and you know what back in the day that's
never used to be a problem because
people had limited text do you remember
that when you had to fit everything into
one text message because you ain't want
to spend no fifty cents when others like
whatsapp and iMessage and as a result my
phone stays blowing up stop being
debtors to my phone number two manic
messages you ever receive a text
from someone and it literally feels like
they're coming out through your screen
and talking to you because they're just
so enthusiastic like hey how's it going
and there are plays Hey
oh my god I'm good how are you
exclamation mark exclamation mark
exclamation mark they're basically just
blowing super saying in this mother
effing text message right now what up
t-shirt reference spike here to be
honest I don't even know if the person
has by here I just assumed
Dragon Ball Z spike here I really don't
even know what Super Saiyan
I basically wore the shirt because I
wanted you to like it no but like back
to the text message are you really that
excited about being good today because I
think that's a lot of energy and a lot
of enthusiasm for this quiet Sunday
afternoon and I feel like you're using
punctuation to overcompensate in this
text message and now I'm standing here
reading your apply just like how am I
supposed to trust you and now you want
me thinking I do am I supposed to be
this excited Mickey I'm the problem
do people think I massaged negative
person because that's not true I'm
freaking so happy you know okay fine
okay fine
I'm your plex good exclamation mark
exclamation mark exclamation mark and
now we're just shouting at each other
like this isn't even a conversation
anymore this is a cheer practice how are
you how are you I feel like that was the
most good sue thing I've ever done
number three the awesome texture I'm not
gonna lie
okay the number of times I've had to
google what an acronym or Internet term
meant this past year is sad I mean just
a few months ago I had to Google what is
BAE and then you know exactly what I did
I learned a new word and then I kept
saying oh yo babe you my bad yo he's my
BAE then other people who are unfamiliar
would be like what does day mean and I
would be like you know what babies do
get what the time okay
it means before anyone else get with it
then I walk away feeling all like
validated I'm so cool nice assume
naturally as I'm walking away there's
like a huge explosion happening I'm
gonna go that's what baby
Wow doo doo doo doo doo Joon and I feel
like all cool but really I turn around
and like it's just still my friend
eating a bag of Doritos how
anticlimactic dog but my point is
there's so many internet terms and
acronyms and like shortcuts with words I
feel like we don't even speak English
anymore my friends be texting me like yo
sup what you doing babe
one shell or not would be cool to see
you before you leave LM KPC Eve and I'll
sit here like but what the f is this why
are you texting me Alfa Getty
why is your text message a game of
Scrabble like did you fall on your brain
why are you typing like this more
importantly how did autocorrect allow
this like I understand it's like
autocorrect gave up on you is like you
know what it's too late just continue
texting like a mother effin mess and
like the newest thing is that people
don't type vowels like it's not cool to
type vowels you know who doesn't use
vowels inquisitive time to use some
vowel but there's only five or sometimes
six it ain't that hard number four the
text color now this is the only one that
I am not guilty of and in fact it annoys
me so much when people do this to me I
send a message in like hey dude what's
up I'm waiting and I'm waiting no reply
like okay and then suddenly this dude
calls me and I'm standing here looking
at your unexpected call all nervous and
panicking I'm peeing just a little my
thumb as like except they climb that
what do I do whatever until finally I
just panicked muted throw the phone
under my pillow right now I have to like
move to China well call we took my never
got no call no ain't nobody ever called
me I didn't have cell phone like brah
why you taking our conversation to the
next level you suck our conversation to
second base when I'm still over here on
the bench trying to put my damn helmet
on there are rules and guidelines to
texting okay and you ain't respecting
them by text you text me back
now you calling me like I want to call
you when I just call you I had your
number and you know how you should know
that because it's the same number I
texted number five the tick tock texter
you ever text someone casually just like
hey dude how you doing Linda don't reply
and they still don't reply so like are
you know what effort I can take a hint
you don't want talk to me fine but then
two weeks later you're doing something
that's sudden your phone pings and it's
like hey I'm doing good
like I don't comprehend you're telling
me that you went back to two weeks of
text and then chose to now tell me how
you're doing like what I'd like to be
honest at this point I forgot
in Texas you can my life has changed
drastically like I moved I go to a new
school now I'm married I have a child a
lot has changed but I'm glad you're
doing good and to be honest that person
is rude and inconsiderate and 100% me me
I am that person
and as that person as that person I feel
I need to explain exactly why that
happened I got a lot of text messages
and a lot of emails it's not an excuse
I'm just saying my job of social media a
lot of things are happening on my phone
so when I'm busy
I just don't address it I actually leave
them unread and then when I have enough
time to actually sit down and properly
pay attention to
I do go through all my text edit answer
and I reply to them cuz I figure I want
to ignore you and better late than never
also this whole video was a plot for me
to just apologize for this I'm sorry
number six the SMS stressor now I know
for sure fo sho fo sheezy that every
single person can relate to this
sometimes when people text you they act
really needy just like hang you there
question mark hello it says you read it
question mark
like Doug and I replying it's because
I'm probably busy doing something can
you just give me a second I did not know
we were in a textually active
relationship where I was obligated to
apply to you like this and you know what
my biggest I people do not write to me
with all it says you're online it says
you read it cuz you know I'm a mother F
and read your text message five times
and still don't want to talk about it
just like Shakespeare and English
classic adjust back the F up like is
this a normal thing to do I don't get
what you do this if we were in person
like if you knew I was busy would you
keep calling me like imagine right now
like guys let's create a scenario but
just our imaginations okay imagine right
now you were standing there and I'm here
busy doing something say my friend my
friend Alex from Target over here it
passes on among Alex from Target you're
my oldest dearest friend I love you so
I'm gonna give you mouth-to-mouth my
friend over here is just like your you
busy yo yo your darling or me you I know
you can hear me do reply oh my god hello
oh let bro I'm trying to save Alex who
else is gonna be
my ish at target though honestly selfish
you're on that note let me send you a
text real quick you ready so I'm going
to Scotland tomorrow for the EMAs oh
snap don't forget to tune in the details
are in the description below show
coverage starts at 7 p.m. in the US and
8 p.m. in the UK on MTV and channel 5
checking these things for everywhere
else because superwoman is going to the
EMAs oh I'm so excited and for all of
you who are about to Google my acronym
like I did is this European Music Awards
hosted by my girl Nicki Minaj and that's
all for this video if you'd like to give
it a big thumbs up comment below letting
me know if I forgot any type of texture
and check out my last video right there
is my parents reacting to the turn down
for what music video you can check out
my daily vlogs right there the newest
episode of the tube's hottest over there
last and definitely not least make sure
you grab your team super shirt before
November 23rd with that worldwide Japan
Sun and make sure you subscribe because
I make new videos every Monday and
Thursday until the next one one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
