where in the world is superwoman today
egg back in LA again I know
Fredman but I love it I should make the
video now what if everyone's a girl
superwoman and if you're like me it is
Halloween and you do not have a goddamn
costume yet because you so last-minute
but not to worry I'm here in LA I ain't
got a time to get a costume go buy
things I didn't even have a car but what
I decided to do is yo I can just
impersonate some of my favorite
youtubers without a costume because half
of a costume is how you act at least
that's what I'm gonna tell myself
because I don't want to spend $79.99 on
a costume nor do I want to shave my legs
to be a sexy cop sexy mummy Chuck's a
zombie I want to get sexy nothing I want
to be a hairy Lily what I am right now
so question remains which a youtuber
should I dress up as or slash
impersonate these are the options
wearing a necklace means you have a plan
oh my god Halloween is right around the
corner Halloween the queen of hallow how
and this is the one did you get to dress
up or something you are not something
you are usually not on a regular day as
someone who is your own person today how
so I decide to give you some last-minute
Halloween costume ideas grab any
cosmetics from the MAC store like this
one case yet case yeah yes yeah okay
yeah and then grab any old man picture
or person okay yeah case yet okay get
what am i I'm Mac Daddy I'm gonna get so
many hoes
well now that I've taught you everything
you need to know have yourself a happy
okay okay bye well hello everyone my
name is Tyler Oakley and today is
Halloween and you know me I love love
love Halloween
I am literally obsessed with Halloween
and you wasn't not to let there's all
the costumes all the candies why am i
doing this up ways with my hands um and
hello can we talk about candy for a
second cuz you know I love me some sugar
daddies you know what I mean
I mean you already know how I feel about
sugar daddy they are perfection I'm
upset they slay my entire life I mean
while do I like a castle oh okay well I
guess I liked it cats I like sugar and
orange I love Halloween
no but for real when it comes to other
candies that aren't sugar daddies or big
cats Dubai this is the best I could do
dunno expensive all these woods for cops
not my fault
youtubers these days have friggin hair
all the clothes the damn rainbow lights
a pack of Skittles
or is it youtubers here those never
freak enough hey what's up you guys
happy Monday and today is Halloween okay
but pop costumes what am I gonna be I
know I don't know what are you gonna be
hmm maybe I can be a ghost that's lame
and not creative and requires no effort
it's perfect we got it so last minute I
don't cost you middle dozen room what is
over here boo
boo anyways comment below let me know
what your gonna be this Halloween out of
the network
bye hello it's Halloween today which in
turn means costume which in turn means
candy which in turn me wait should I
want to costume for this hello hey what
did the skeleton say after my drunk
kitchen bone Appetit not only I see it
Halloween costumes are like a metaphor
for life you know who are you who do you
want to be more importantly who are we
also did I turn my camera on boo boo boo
boo boo boo boo boo boo making videos
hey what did the ghost make for dessert
ice cream
okay no back to video boo Boop hey guys
it's me Miranda and this is my costume I
know I said I was gonna just about all
those other people in Tyler and Grace in
Hannah and corner but I decided to dress
up his moon because I'm the best and
also oh ah and also if I didn't dress up
as Miranda she would be ticked off okay
because she's the prettiest and has the
most BAE's okay and also she's not porn
so yeah right and she's like the best in
the whole world oh and also she smells
like cats and I really like cats oh and
also I dance the bestest out of everyone
in the world let me show you
so hope you like the video and if you
didn't you should be mad at Lily okay
cuz she's in LA has no car gonna buy
wings cuz they're expensive okay so we
ticked off give the video a thumbs up
okay cuz she's gonna dress up as Miranda
you know my her fan does she'd like this
video and not be mad that Lilly's using
me to get thumbs ups is she's my I okay
bye there you have it
I'm a people round the things for
Halloween I might as well she is my
friend that's right I hope you enjoyed
the video if you did make sure you give
it a big thumbs up and check out my last
video right there called why I would
never die in a horror movie you can also
check out my vlogs happening every
single day on my second channel right
there other than that I know you haven't
heard any of these youtubers lift the
rock from above you and check them out
because they're all phenomenal and make
sure you subscribe as well why why
should just watch this but because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and I would love for you to be
here that is why that all need to say I
think that's all you say right that's
all I said one love superwoman that is a
wrap and happy Halloween
Moop Moop
what's going on with me today
