I'm warning you right now that I don't
have a voice what everyone it's your
girl superwoman and first and foremost I
want to quickly say thank you so much
for being patient during my recent
mental breakdown and I am so excited to
be back and pumped in making videos even
though I sound like a man so I love me
some horror movies okay but sometimes
while watching them I get so frustrated
because I did not comprehend the
decisions people make in these movies
because I know our in these movies I
would do things a little bit differently
to be honest in fact you know i'ma go as
far as saying if I was ever in a horror
movie I would not die for the following
reasons number one phone calls so many
horror movies have that scene where like
a killer or like a ghost or a werewolf
or whatever the F call someone and tells
them they're about to die and the person
who answers this phone call is all like
who is this what do you want where are
you and I'm sitting here walking like
well you have selective hearing okay
they said they're gonna kill you what
are you confused about like why you up
in here tryna have a conversation right
now someone calls you and if they sound
like they didn't just hit pew where you
can purely hit them with a bat sounding
on scary like oh yeah I'm gonna die this
is pretty much down during how I sound
right now in real life and news on the
other end of the phone just pretend like
you shooting a hotline commercial or
something local singles are waiting for
you to call and threaten them right now
stop twirling your damn hair dude I mean
I see me I'm trained to deal with these
situations okay ain't no one calling me
and telling me I'm about to die because
I don't want to talk to someone I don't
talk to them is that simple hello Lily
who's this stepping dance hello hello
hello hello I said seven days hello
you're gonna die in seven days sir I
can't hear you hello can you hear me now
bro you an elevator or something hello
who here me Sara no I think you got the
wrong number
what about now can you hear me now
can you hear me hello yeah okay yeah
yeah you know what's up hello is this
yeah I says you're gonna die in seven
days
oh no you're gone again you're gonna
hello hello I'm gonna kill you
you're not yet reporting hello not not
not interested in taking your survey
okay okay I can't hear you
okay oh I don't know man by who Murr and
to be real anyone with parent should
have this basic skill okay because you
best believe what I'm sitting up at my
boyfriend's house and my mom calls me
ask me what time I'm coming home from
the library Shh I got home down
reception
number two the need for investigation
you know why people die ignore movies up
because they don't know their damn role
they're sitting in their bedrooms home
alone all of a sudden they hear a noise
downstairs and what do they do pop
suddenly I'm freaking Sherlock Holmes
let me go investigate so you know what
they do next I walk down the stairs all
slowly all like mom is that you no one
answers so again they're all like mom
are you there yeah apparently common
sense is oh comments let me break this
down P okay if nobody answers then
chances are hey mom okay why would mom
be ignoring you can't mom was about
ignoring you
you'd be in a mother from foster home
right now so mom ain't gonna pick right
now to ignore you because can I tell you
what I would do if I was alone and I
heard a noise coming from downstairs
okay and I said your mom is that you and
I'm sure a voice back I would FaceTime
one of my homies real quick and then go
downstairs and exit the house okay this
way as I exit if someone kills me the
person on FaceTime would see who the
killer was okay I don't get it you
document everything else in your life
okay but you ain't documenting the
things that matter see this is why you
die this is why your death is a mystery
okay because the police gonna be sitting
there like me we know what she had for
dinner I know she had this cheesecake
for dessert I know what her washing
looks like what no clue who killed her
and this is why I've loggers death is
never gonna be a mystery and then when
these murders do happen in the movies
people feel like they need to start
solving crimes all like Wikipedia Google
print out some articles search up some
old aces watch these old films on Google
projector my
I'm talking about every time you see it
all thumb you know something about to
die and I'm just like ask that okay I'm
gonna sit here with my martini and try
to forget this entire situation
you can be over there okay trying to
connect the dots and put all the pieces
together but I'm not getting involved
okay because only a matter of time
before use cut up into pieces and I'm
not down so Cheers
number three not taking the hint you
know what really irks me too so I'll
just sneak in horror movies before
people die there's always at least like
seven signs indicating they were gonna
die that they chose to ignore like they
walk down stairs in their house alone
all of a sudden they know it's a windows
open okay or they notice something's
move out of place or like a picture
frame is randomly crack or better yet
the phone is off the hook so what should
I do
slowly put the phone back on the hook
and then carry about their business and
I'm just like yo are these things normal
like are you not shocked by this why is
your phone dynamo the magician wears
just floating to random places should
you not be concerned hurt concern hmm
concerned ugh no I can't concern I can't
hear y'all just didn't die okay it was
probably to win to shut the F up and
this is why the murderer is always
following you for like two whole minutes
before he stabs you because you ain't
aware of your surroundings you're just
walking around like an idiot okay which
is shocking to me because in today's day
and age you know everything you're
sitting on Instagram you look oh I know
where he went I know whose pictures he
like oh yeah see I know we commented on
that girl's picture and while you're
doing that
the dude from scream has been over there
for 12 whole minutes looking at you just
like what an idiot and now you did like
I don't get it
blood starts coming out of your pipe in
just like hmm interesting must be a
water issue if one starts coming out of
my pipe in I'm gonna do I'm gonna call a
plumber okay
cuz that ish ain't normal what your boss
had just had its period and you're just
sitting there like oh yeah everything
must be fine use your brain number for
stupid decisions you know how they say
everything happens for a reason they're
right and sometimes that reason is your
stupid someone's chasing me so I'm gonna
run up the stairs where there's no
escape as opposed to out the front door
actually someone's in the house I think
we should split up
I'm just like split up don't you mean
split up girl wouldn't even go to the
bathroom separately okay we asked that
club and there's nine of us in the
washroom right now because one of us had
to pee and I can so like split up you
know what that means right
that means you're the mother effin
killer sorry I'm saying effing and
mother after a lot in this video I'm
trying to I'm trying to overcompensate
for the fact that I sound so anti
gangster in my voice so I'm trying to
build my confidence through my vocab
food we're in a completely strange place
let's pick up this hitchhiker but let's
go to this random boy's place we just
met in the middle of the woods like the
earth you think this is huh
real life isn't like Twitter you can't
just tag someone up like hey the hashtag
new friends because in real life people
will tag you with their machete hashtag
you dead
swear to God social media making people
to social these days that's wrong but
real talk if I actually were in a horror
movie I wouldn't die for marketing
purposes like let's just be real okay
let me break it down for you if there
was like a horror movie featuring
youtubers the cast would be like okay
let's say like grace Helbig Tyler Oakley
Colleen would be in there and then okay
be like me the token brown girl now I
mean they're not gonna kill off the
token brown girl and it's a lot of
Indians in the world I want to piss off
that maybe but I mean I would at least
survive and tell like the last two
people like I definitely would survive
longer than time I'm just saying Tyler I
love you but man you still white your
hair is way okay so I mean you got to go
first
or else it's racist and that's all for
this video if you liked it make sure you
give me a big thumbs up because know
that it really counts and also comment
below and let me know what your favorite
horror movie is also make sure you check
out my last videos right there it's
called 5 stupid things I do on Halloween
I'm sure you do the same stupid things
also my daily vlogs my 2nd channel are
right there that will be resumed daily
right now resume resume also the latest
episode of the Toutatis is over there
where I get messy and painted
back to me and make sure you subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday one love superwoman that is
a wrap and Zoop Zoop Zoop
