see my booty looking right whatever one
is it good that thundered Oh what if I
going to girl superwoman and I'm back
end with another Halloween video because
we've established that I love me some
Halloween and as much as I love the
festivities without fail every year I do
the following five stupid things number
one chump can carbon now we all know one
of the best parts about Halloween is
carving a pumpkin and even though I know
this and I'm super excited about it I
always wait until the very last minute
to actually go buy the pumpkin and let's
just say that buying a pumpkin on
Halloween is like trying to buy the new
iPhone okay it's a month at war zone
there's literally no pumpkins anywhere
wherever the pumpkins gone is that a
song did I just make a parody I don't
really know I mean there's literally
nothing left except for like those ugly
pumpkins are like truck this Thunder Doh
I mean I walked into the grocery store
there's no pumpkins that's literally
except you know it was rejected
triangular ones which it okay I
understand are still beautiful inside
and still have right but I never know
I'll be pumpkin on my porch okay my part
be flowers my porch woke up like this
and this pump can be looking like
Cinderella satin it took a huge dump and
the clock struck 12 hours ago and I
don't know why I do this because on
October 1st I'm all up in the grocery
store like oh my god look at all these
pumpkins October 10th I'm like oh my god
I cannot wait to get this pumpkin
October 20th oh I'm gonna have the best
pumpkin ever on October 31st I'm like
damn did not buy a pumpkin but then
somehow when I finally obtain this
pumpkin on Halloween I have big plans
okay I'm with you my pumpkin is gonna be
sick the pig daddy of pumpkins my
pumpkins gonna bring all the boys to the
yard so I pull up my knife I start
carving I'm feeling all like Picasso in
ition then without fail every year I end
up doing the exact same design on my
pumpkin which looks like neo-pagan from
Art Attack got drunk and carved my
pumpkin just like just like with some
crooked smile like is this a pumpkin or
humble humble pedophile you'll never
know
number two money back monster so every
year I walk into this costume shop right
I look at these costumes I fall in love
with one brother no this costume $79.99
$79.99 for a costume I'm aware for one
night it just doesn't make sense for me
I nobody does send me $19.99 for a shirt
with some damn fangs okay I'd rather
spend three dollars put some two
Pringles in my mouth and be a duck
trooper prune dama and I got a snack too
I'm going to make the messes video now
meeting brindle's but nonetheless I pick
up this costume and walk to the cashier
and you know exactly what happens next
okay so we'll take this costume um it's
actually for a friend and I'm not really
sure if it's gonna fit so what you
return exchange policy unfortunately
there's no returns or exchanges on
Halloween items oh I see okay you know
just because like it might not fit my
friend
so mm I get it maybe you're trying to
come into the store hmm mm-hmm
I see okay right you know what let me
just let me just call me on second Billy
hi Billy
yeah I'm at the costume shop I'm getting
your cheerleading costume that you
wanted me to get you right
unfortunately dude there's no returns or
exchanges so if it doesn't fit you I I
think you can have to come into the
store you know it what
you broke your left both of your legs
what and you Kat what the doctor
specifically said don't go into any
shops do oh my god Billy that's horrible
oh he can't almighty well what should I
do
Willy they're not gonna let me return
exchange I think you might have to make
an exception Billy I will always and
forever
try to return my Halloween items just
deal with it number three Trick or cheat
so when I discovered I'm too old to go
trick-or-treating
I was devastated okay what now I got a
hand out candy everyone knows that
receiving candy is better than handing
out candy
no one says oh look at me I'm such a
cool vending machine everyone says you
look at this free coke I just got from
this stupid broken vending machine now I
am vending with you anyway
Iza every time I forgive all candy I
find myself going to the store and
buying candy to give out that I like so
like I'm buying candy that I want to
give up why why must you know why
because you know that in between every
trick or treater I'm a to Reese's Pieces
Buttercup son you know that I'm gonna
give you one KitKat close the door and
then step to Kit Kats in my mouth and
you know when the candy runs on I've
gained six cavities and four pounds I'm
gonna start giving up packs of ketchup
okay because this is my holiday
ain't nobody buy candy that they think
the trick-or-treaters are gonna like you
know they buy candy that they are going
to eat that's how it works
number four talked on a promoter fake up
I cannot tell you how many times I've
gone into a store and seen those cool
little scars and like bullet wounds and
stuff that you can glue to your face I'm
like oh my god I'm gonna have the best
costume ever
cuz I mean look at the packaging and the
person in the packaging was so cool and
like dude this rocks but what the
packaging does not tell you is that you
need some sort of skill to apply these
things cuz I'm in my washing I'll sit in
there with this piece of plastic skin
some glue and some foundation I put it
on my face and it doesn't look like I
have a scar okay it looks like I have
leprosy I'm trying to go scare y'all
that you I got shot and like a donkey
and stuff but it looks like someone spit
their gum at me and it's on my face and
I just learned to live with it and great
now I have to take this all off and be a
witch again for the fifth year in a row
no wig required number five costume
crunch time now aside from buying a
pumpkin last minute you know what else I
do last minute buy a damn costume
what does it make sense to me because
like every year I have such great
ambitions for my costume you know to me
I'm always thinking about it I'm so
excited about it but then I realize that
thinking about it apparently isn't all
the same thing as like getting it so on
October 31st I run into a costume shop
bodyslam for toddlers because that's be
real is every person for themselves okay
like I know use a kid but if you think
you drive in that last year I'm about to
lay the smack down on you all right so a
scramble for everything I can find I
pick up lik one tiara a pair of
handcuffs and some bangs I'm like
nailed it I'm gonna be a princess
Dracula
stripper proudly I walk up to the
cashier she's like hey would you like to
take a customer poll on how we did today
no mic poll I'll take that egg no
trick-or-treating for me son just chicks
shitless kidding I'm kidding dude I
can't fold ants I eat a lot of pizza
anyways I hope you like this video
comment below and let me know of any
silly things you do on Halloween and
don't forget to give this video a big
thumbs up and check out my last video
right there called um um types of
costume just call types of costumes you
can also check out my daily vlogs in my
second channel right there also bigger
news if you live the GTA and you were
Brampton Toronto Mississauga anywhere I
will be hosting cheetah Agra on October
25th and the official after-party called
circus in the six tickets for that are
also the link is in the description
early bird tickets which is like
discounted tickets and very very quickly
so after like two days left okay wait
wait more so get your tickets for that
right now
all the information is in the
description until next time one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
