where in the world is superwoman today
eighty dot o dot Toronto what I want a
girl superwoman and my favoritest day
ever is right around the corner you know
what I'm talking about
Halloween and I will be real with you
okay deciding what to be for Halloween
is an annual struggle because the
possibilities are endless like dude I'm
an Indian so in real life I have no
choice where I want to be you know I
mean it's just straight up life so on
Halloween the one day I get to be
whatever the F I want to be I'm gonna
live it up I'm gonna make triangular
rotis on purpose have aunties and uncles
is my whiskey like and I'm sure you can
relate when I say on Halloween I see
certain types of costumes so shall we go
through them together yes do it
shall we doing let's do it we shall
number one thus careless slacker now
this is the person who's up the party
just to drink and check out hot people
okay they don't give an ass about no
type of costume and you can tell from
the zero-percent effort they put into
theirs you see a dude he's dressed up
completely normal just wearing an
eyepatch go up to men like hey besides
the d-bag what are you dressed up as I'm
Captain Hook how am I supposed to know
that dough huh as far as I'm concerned
you could be wearing broken sunglasses
you very well could be Nick Fury goddamn
your name could be Pete and you could be
dressed up as a black eyed pea
I'm top of that I'm pretty sure Captain
Hook wouldn't be walking around with a
Nike sweater you see a girl on Halloween
with four lines on her face you walked
in you're like hey besides lazy what did
you and she's all like I'm a cat and I'm
not like no you're a fool okay who
missed her eyes while she was putting on
her eyeliner I see how you won't tell me
you're a cat you ain't got no ears no
tail no pause okay you're telling me
that you lived nine lines and you still
haven't figured out how to make a decent
costume with all that life experience I
swear to god you are an insult okay
Garfield I to come here and smack you
cuz we all know you're here for the beer
and the free candy you don't care about
the costume in two hours from now and
use palette drunk I can assure you that
tat will not land on her feet it's
agreed to a costume do it right okay
show some respect for the day having
said that I don't exactly know what the
importance of Halloween is but I'm
pretty sure it's like the birthday of
Willy Wonka or the graduation of
pumpkins or something okay so you show
some respect number two killer Claire
now it's no great secret that Halloween
is an excuse for girls and guys alike to
be naked and disguise it as a costume
examples include guys dressing up as the
Old Spice guy and girls dressing up as a
sexy everything honestly do you see
costumes in the store these days men's
section cop referee clown women's
section sexy cop sexy referee sexy clown
change the pants into booty shorts
change the t-shirt into a bikini top add
some stripper boots double the price and
slam happy Halloween and not get me
wrong I do not care what anyone else
wears you can freakin show your boobs or
your boo you can wear the f you want to
do it bother me but it does annoy me
slightly that there are only sexy
options and lack of scary options for
females because me personally I like to
just scary like what if I want to be an
actual ghost and not a ghost from
Baywatch I have no options I mean I'm
trying to scare some people mad friggin
booty shorts or bikini top ain't scary
knowing what's gonna go oh my god look
at all of her badonkadonk them I'm
terrified
like no it doesn't work the only person
will be scared of that costume is my mom
like girl listen to me this is the one
night you can actually be the Pink
Ranger okay you know you've wanted this
all your life
take advantage be naked every other day
you owe it to your nine-year old self to
fulfill your dreams to be Kimberly what
up t-shirt reference Hyneman will sake
with a smile because it's serious number
three
creepy couples now Halloween is your
chance to be something you are not okay
but instead you show up to the party
dress to something you are every single
day a couple now don't get me wrong okay
I know loving couples are all about
Romeo and Juliet romance oh my god but
this is Halloween okay the st.
Valentine's Day it's supposed to be
scary
not lovey-dovey okay y'all show up to
the party just as ketchup and mustard
and effin plug in a socket F in Barbie
and Ken you make me wanna smack Cupid
like homegirl you could have pretended
to kill your boyfriend today and it
would have been totally acceptable
awesome opportunity missed
psycho killer which zombie the
possibilities are endless but
instead you decide to show up dressed as
commitment although I guess to be fair
nothing is scarier than commitment I
mean to be real vows at a party and I
felt commitment creeping up on me I'm
freaking run away screaming number four
the funny auntie fright now these are
the people who acknowledge that
Halloween is supposed to be scary so
they go out and buy a pumpkin and they
carve that pumpkin into a butthole
because they give their middle finger to
scary they do not care if they're
supposed to be scary okay they refuse to
be mature and if I'm completely honest
comedic costumes are usually some of the
most clever unique costumes so I respect
and appreciate them but sometimes I'm
uncle I I don't want to see them because
I like the scary Halloween and I'm
trying to get to the zone so you know
I'm watching a bunch of horror movies
okay I got my costume on I'm doing that
walk you know I'm talking about another
walk you do when you're in your costume
because you feel really scared walking
like this like yeah get kill people
right now iam with a goddess and you're
doing the walk and you're freaking going
to haunted houses spirits and everything
but always some Borat pops up like hey
nice and I'm just like dude you're
killing the vibe bang and apparently
you're but crap because that one piece
green swimsuit cannot feel good number
five the serious killer now this is the
person who is serious not serious
serious say with me sorry yes I booked
through Halloween costumes I'm talking
to Tober first hits and they got their
sketch book on all right what am I gonna
be that's Google sigh moping I gotta be
the best and the good right test they're
making their costume they're spending so
much money getting all the right parts
and the best part about this person is
they get hella frustrated when everyone
else does not share their passion
because according to them other people
aren't doing Halloween right they show
up at the party with this elaborate
costume and they just have my temper
tantrum imagine a zombie just having an
emotional breakdown
guys we agree we're gonna be zombies off
you're not doing the right you're not
even scary oh my god honestly you guys
are gonna take this seriously I might as
well go home and oftentimes our costumes
are so elaborate that they can't even
enjoy the night or you know what you
need you don't need candy you need a
booty call okay
music we put that energy in something
else if you know what I mean number six
the deep and godly yeah
when you go around Halloween without
fail to be a few people where you're
just like I don't know that a few are
because you're just wearing a random
array of crap you go somewhere you see
someone wearing a shirt that has one
sleeve missing everything yo are you
just like an arm wrestler or enter just
are like no I'm dressed up as injustice
and I'm just like who is that a Mortal
Kombat hair dry to know about no ok
what's scarier than justice or like you
see someone in there weighing a broken
compass and you're like hey what are you
and there are like one direction and I'm
like no you know do I use lost because
this is a party Halloween party with fun
knocked in mother effin philosophy class
okay
you suck because that's not a costume
case symbolism is not a costume and if
it is you know what I am dressed up as
natural selection okay and you needs to
leave having said all of this I have no
idea
zero ideas of what I want to be for
Halloween if you have any suggestions of
what I should dress up as comment below
also let me know what you're dressing up
those because I love to not speak
English a and B I love to know people
are dressing up I so come below and let
me know also if you like this video give
it a big thumbs up also check out my
last video right there it is called I
don't remember it is called five stupid
selfies we take check it out it'll make
you LLL also check out my daily vlogs
right there on my second channel and the
newest episode of the tubes hottest over
there over there over there make sure
you subscribe as well because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
I'm gonna get in trouble now because I'm
really loud at my parents go what me
black pepper iron
