where in the world is superwoman today a
la whatever points a girl superwoman and
yes my hair is kind of dated and doing
makeup I just came back from a video
shoot and I want to see no comments
online
we want the Oh superwoman back because
that's dumb there's no old Lily and
there's no new Lily there's just Lily in
different situations
hashtag deep and around my Facebook and
asked what do you lovelies want to see
today and Sony people said types of
selfies so then I went to my Instagram
and I discovered five stupid selfies we
all probably take and before you think
I'm making fun of anyone please know
that I am guilty of every single one of
these selfie songs very much so making
fun of myself you probably do the same
thing except mega number one the holy
selfie you know what's better than
balloons yeah the Sun or lights at a
photo shoot this is the selfie you take
solely because the lighting situation is
doing it for you okay the sun rays are
racing you're for pimples your eyes are
usually poo ground but right now they
look hazel okay and your hair just looks
golden straight up you're looking damp
I'm sick hi my name is Ellie what's
yours Oh Dorothy make sense cuz use a
golden girl so what can you do stop
everything you're doing pull over
put your hands with lights on and take
45 selfies that's why in fact take 50
selfies because tomorrow is Thursday and
you don't need a TV T go back there's a
to yesterday when I was chilling in my
car look at me I am a holy angel
descending from the heavens and it's a
and your religion not a double Pat so
there's much of my lands now number two
the I exist selfie so you don't want on
your computer but you're not really like
paying attention so you're looking away
and all of us on your screens ever goes
on but like you still touch the most so
your computer resume even though you
might paying no type of attention it
just satisfies you for your screen to
come back on yeah that lock process is
this selfie man nothing's happened for a
while but I better make it seem like I'm
still doing something you want to break
the silence okay because with I'm posted
in a while and you want people to still
remember like you're I exist just like
your what's been twenty eight hours
since I've posted something you I better
just take a selfie for no reason you
like that I want people to think like
I'm not fine anymore or like I
deactivated Instagram
I don't be forgotten and shall be
relevant okay because you know what
forgotten people have to do they have to
become a judge on The Voice and straight
up I cannot like I get motion sickness
or gal who a little swivel chair it I
would just be puking everywhere oh right
so let me look cute real quick okay just
boo a quote use that as my caption you
know totally irrelevant just to let
people know I'm still here take selfie
leaning against wall caption only god
can judge me post number three the proof
of friendship selfie so sometimes I'm
showing with my friends right and even
though I know we're homies I feel the
need for everyone else to know how cool
and real our friendship is so what do I
do
cuddle real close take a selfie post it
on Instagram it's like a virtual
friendship bracelet you don't even look
at our picture look how much friendship
is happening in this post and I really
don't know why I do this like I need you
to know that I have this
friend just calling who knows be like oh
look at all her friends like I want you
to look at my selfie and just assume
that if all she has so many friends it's
doctor on Facebook she probably used her
limited friends I can't add any more
people in fact right now she's probably
at the store buying invitations for
upcoming birthday and she's looking at a
cap of 24 invitations but no 24 oh man
she probably has to buy like tandel
goals for all over 240 friends off to go
be in turmoil just like oh my life is so
hard I'm so popular no you know that's
what I want you to think are you
thinking that number for the
inconvenient selfie now this selfie is
literally gonna be the reason our
generation fails like hi I caught myself
while cooking and now I don't have a
thumb and I'm holding my thumb over here
and I have exactly seven seconds to
perform some sort of action to save
myself so what do I do pull out my phone
do i dial nine-one-one with my one thumb
no what do I do I take a selfie oh look
at all this blood and myself I'm in so
much pain and I need to capture it and
then it's been the next four seconds
cooking a filter and posting it and now
I'm dead broke your leg in the hospital
stuck in traffic
shopping like oh my god the situation is
so horrible and inconvenient and instead
of spending any time and energy towards
problem solving I take a selfie and post
it on Instagram you know why because
logic number five this sleeping selfie
apparently I think I'm sleeping beauty
yeah and I think my photographer is
Maleficent because when I sleep
people are watching over me to capture
images selfies with our eyes closed
pretending we're asleep
why do we do this why do I do this
I think people are gonna think like I'm
so special that people take pictures of
me while I sleep like if a random person
did this to me otherwise I would be
filing a restraining order right now but
yo if you're doing it for Instagram make
sure you get many animals don't and oh
that I'm ridiculous taking pictures like
this oh I think I am really stop it
okay stop because when you sleep you
know you have one eye open and you have
a drool dripping down your face okay you
look like a frickin aardvark having a
seizure
okay when I wonderful okay good
Arthur was a good show and that's all
for this video hope you enjoyed it if
you have taken any of the selfies I've
mentioned or if you think I forgot one
comment below and let me know also don't
forget to be this cute big thumbs up and
check out my last video right there
featuring joy yourself I did the photo
booth challenge and it's all silly you
can check out my daily vlogs right there
that I'll show every single day on my
second channel and I'm happy to announce
a few days ago I sent out the first team
super newsletter to everyone enter the
email address using the link in the
description and they got exclusive video
just for them they got discount to my
merch and a whole bunch other cool stuff
so if you want to get the news that are
next month click the link in the
description enter your email address
that's completely free just get new
vendors for me every month I have a
whole bunch of cool stuff if you could
subscribe because every Monday our farms
buy one love superwoman that is a wrap
is
