what if everyone it's a girl superwoman
and today's videos gonna be a little bit
different it might be not so funny but
it's kind of important for me to do so I
hope you enjoy it anyways today I'm
going to go over the 25 things I learned
while being 25 and I hope you can relate
to some room are you ready are you ready
are you ready like that
think less it might sound really simple
but thinking less actually prevents 99%
of the problems you have because to be
honest when I think more than I should
I'd be creating problems that weren't
even there in the first place crazy wild
hair is okay back the days to straighten
my hair everyday ask that I am proud of
my wild frizzy Bush monkey hair this
next one goes up really cliche but I
truly mean with all of my heart when I
was 25 I learned to reach for the stars
because I never found a billion years at
the age of 25 I would be invited to Shao
Kahn's house and we doing collaboration
videos with modern addictions like
literally anything is possible if you
work hard for it this one's important yo
don't fly Air Canada unless you have no
other choice you know why you know what
because I got a pimple right here
thanks air canada my head hurts thanks
air canada
honestly why don't they just use a Trix
bunny some damn Trix he just want some
damn cereal damn it your Canada it's
never gonna stop number 5 it is honestly
okay to be selfish sometimes and that's
one of the hardest lessons I've learned
that doing things for yourself and
putting yourself first doesn't always
mean you're selfish because sometimes
that's totally necessary and crucial for
you to be happy
now you know I'm not a religious person
right but I learned at the age of 25
that heaven does exist and it's called
Chipotle gimmick got rice ball rice ball
rice ball soft fruit a soft fruit
awesome dude I learned this just last
week like officially learned it that
letting go of things doesn't necessarily
make you weak maybe just me just strong
enough to move on and dude why you have
not the things that don't make you happy
and are negative the stronger thing to
do would be to let go and be happy
because to be honest being happy takes
courage through having videos on the
internet something I learned at the age
of 25 is there's a lot of really crappy
people in the world that say and do a
lot of crappy things but that is a man
as much because there's four times as
many people that are awesome and I
should use my energy and focus my
attention on them because they're wicked
and guess who taught me that one at the
age of 25 I learned that no matter what
team super does to impress me today
tomorrow they're gonna impress me all
over again because you're freaking
phenomenal I learned how to walk down a
red carpet and pretend like I'm not
struggling in heels and that's an art
form while traveling through Europe
I learned that hotel rooms in Europe are
literally the size of this Kleenex box
this is this was my room something I
learned specific to the age of 25 is if
you make a decision you have to stick
with it when I was younger I was like
you know what I don't want to get
married at a young age I don't want to
have a nine-to-five job that's just not
me nothing's wrong with those things was
just not me so I decided to become an
entertainer I knew it would be hard I
knew it wouldn't be your typical path it
would be very unconventional so why is
it today when I'm on Facebook and seeing
people getting engaged and getting
promotions I'm like oh look at them
no because I made that decision I'm
gonna stick to it and I'm totally
content and happy with where I am in
life because I can't compare myself to
other people because at the end of the
day I can look at all these people and
say oh my god you're getting married and
you're progressing in life and yada yada
but dude each person has their own
separate path and y'all can keep getting
married and all just keep getting
tweeted by the rock you know what I mean
Tampa same now this next one I mean from
the bottom of my heart and you know I'm
gonna keep it real with you right age of
25 I gained a lot of success gained some
money gained some Fame I'm literally
being so honest when I tell you none of
that makes me as happy is being around
awesome freaking people because my
greatest memories from the 8025 is being
around people I love and that love me
and dot right there I swear to God is
some real effing talk I also learned
that it's totally naive and unrealistic
for you to think that everyone around
you is gonna support you and everything
you do cuz that's not the case many
people from your past and present
actually feel really uncomfortable when
you follow your dreams and heaven forbid
get successful so expectations are the
root of all evil just fill them away I
went to Singapore and learn that durians
smell really really really bad and taste
at 25 I also learned that it's so
important to self-reflect and I learned
that I'm super stubborn and I really
need to learn how to compromise I'm
working on it a long time is so
important now this next one might be the
most important out of the whole list
okay I learned how to be an absolute
champ at flip cup no no for reals Oh
champ I also learned that talk is cheap
some leg up
I also learned that nobody's perfect
damn it I don't know why I didn't figure
this one out earlier like it just hit me
I learned that if you sit at a desk all
day and eat a lot of skittles you might
not get abs I don't know something about
science this next one I just solidified
in my brain like literally two weeks ago
but it's drama can be so easily avoided
if you're just three things nice honest
and real saves so much heading and this
is where I'm gonna get deep deep with
you okay the biggest thing I learned at
the age of 25 is that everything is
gonna be okay literally whatever you're
going through is going to be okay can I
just tell you that tomorrow I'm turning
26 and three years ago I want to kill
myself and now I'm standing here being
like holy crap life is awesome so
literally with time and your patience
and your will everything is gonna be
okay and I know this is like mad like oh
my god so like cliche but I'm gonna say
I'm not religious but I do believe in
God and I do believe that everything
that God brings to you God will help you
through and not only God will be who you
will help yourself through because
you're totally capable everything's
gonna be okay I am literal proof the
fact that I am standing here telling you
that a buck turn 26 tomorrow that is
proof I am the proof feel the proof I
want to end this video by saying thank
you so much for all your wishes
nightmare birthday yeah but I know it's
a birthday in India and all the
wonderful places you live and I've
gotten so many tweets and messages you
continue to make my life wonderful and I
don't know where I reveal any of you so
thank you so so so much
um and I don't need anything for every
birthday I have everything for my
birthday I literally just want people to
smile um if you want to do anything you
don't want to do anything tell your
friends about Superman there I'll be
honest with you I'm ready for super much
tell a friend about Superman say hey
this girl makes videos on the Internet I
think she's kind of cool check them out
all I could ever want is more people to
watch me so I could keep doing what I do
that's all for this video
you liked it make sure you give it a big
thumbs up also check out my last video
right there it's called I don't remember
what it's called because I just did five
flip cups but I mean it there check it
out you can check out my daily vlogs
right there as well because I do make
vlogs every single day on that channel
and she subscribe because I do make
videos every Monday and Thursday and
thank you once again you're all just the
absolute sweetest and I love you thank
you so much one love superwoman that is
a wrap and
