whatever one it's a girl superwoman and
as a dancer and a lover of a good party
I put on my fair share of dance floors
because can't be real I like to break it
down and whether it's a wedding
reception or a club or a birthday party
without fail you will always see these
certain types of people on the dance
floor so I'm gonna go through them and
every time you can relate to one of them
you're like oh my god I totally know
someone like that give yourself a hug
number one the coolest creeper now this
is the dude in the club that just
doesn't get the hint he sees you will
cross the room and makes his way over in
his creep like manner just like if the
dude from Texas Chainsaw Massacre
wherever in a club he would act like
this dude whoa so you know you're
dancing with your friends and you're
probably dancing in some sort of
formation like a circle or a square or
something this dude comes and invites
himself into the formations line and he
just starts dancing with you and he
probably thinks in his brain he's really
smooth and subtle but little does he
know that all girls have a built-in
security system for this type of it cuz
all those friends just gonna be dancing
like intruder alert intruder alert
if that's the situation smile definitely
creepy status alone attempting
communication yes we have a code cream
called creep and then you and all your
friends are gonna exchange the look you
know the look just like and that's it
from friends to sacred I swim team just
like that cuz from that moment on you
doing moves to get him our last circle
just like close the circle close the
circle close the circle close the circle
and even after you've closed the circle
he doesn't get the hint she'll stand
outside the circle and just start
bubbling just like this the audience
he's like that little bit of pancake mix
you drop in the pan by mistake after you
pour the perfect pancake yeah that's
right you will never be in our pancake
son okay you won't be left behind and
burned stop
not even at Jemima is getting on you
fool but even still if he's gonna try
communicating at this point he's dug
himself so far into his own hole that no
one's even gonna listen to him and all
girls are gonna apply to no thanks
what he says what's your name no thanks
you look really pretty
no thanks you come here often no thanks
that's it well game over I understand
that you never got to third base but you
still need to go home
number two the lights which lesbians now
lights which lesbians were invented
because of the coolest creepers and you
know exactly what I'm talking about when
you and your friend are dancing and some
dude approaches you which eyes chatting
up the both of you and you my trying to
be rude but like it's Friday night this
is our song I'm trying to have a good
time on my friend so what do you do you
flick the switch and become a lesbian
it's really an art form hey sorry I'm
not interested I'm with my girlfriend
and then the other girl has acted really
overprotective like hey babe did you
need something
sorry did you need something for my
girlfriend or and even though it's not
physically true you just wanna play the
part so you want this guy to understand
that she prefers your hypothetical penis
over his why because it's huge okay it's
imaginary it can be as big as I want it
to be and then he's acting all confused
and awkward so just to seal the deal you
and your friends start with just
reenacting the anakata music video for a
few seconds just like okay and then you
walk away with happier after all that's
out of a club but sometimes this can
backfire because some dudes actually get
more excited if they think you two are
lesbians so they'll be on that yo
lesbians in prove it in which case you
gotta be like I know you are but what am
i let's get out here I mean you could
just kiss Katy Perry didn't and she
liked it number three the dance team
turds now these are the people on the
dance floor that are part of
professional dance teams that are
professionally trained and have
performed together etc etc and as one of
those people let me just say we're so
effing annoying I'm so sorry because
these are people that hear a familiar
song and all of a sudden the dance floor
turns into their stage and they have to
make all huge effing scene and they're
about to bust out into their
choreography and if you think they're
gonna do a kind of life to speak for
sound like oh yeah okay nah-ah nah-ah
days on like five six seven eight to ten
twelve kick and swing swing swing and
slide slide slide slide slide like just
straight up taking up the whole dance
were like I'm sorry I didn't know my
cover included this performance from
hell and heaven forbid one of our
friends is with us who isn't a dancer
never feel hella awkward just like
because we don't realize how
over-the-top we are we could even be
dancing one-on-one with someone the
person who's dancing what's could be
like and a squeeze like oh I legit
myself in the faith you see you see I'm
sorry but the fact of the matter is
professional dancers don't know how to
dance in regular situations how do you
think break dancing was invented huh
that's professional dancers trying to do
the Macarena number four the drunk
sprinkler now these are by far the most
annoying people on the dance floor they
are the reason every one of your good
shirts and dresses has a huge stain on
it because days be all up in the club
like you just spilling their drink on
everything and everyone you know how
many times I've had an entire beer
spilled on me and I'm like hey party
party oh not my bras a waterbed hey did
anybody order some beer battered chicken
because my breasts are sold and now I
gotta take pictures for the rest of the
night looking like a freaking
breastfeeding mother with nipples are
leaking and you know the worst is one of
the worst I'm gonna tell you all my tub
they don't think on my offer and tell
you what the worst is when they actually
drop their glasses and now there's
broken glass everywhere on the dance
floor how am I supposed to take my heels
off in five minutes and be wretched you
should not be allowed and club number
five the horny hip hoppers now this
couple isn't even out the club they're
not even on the dance floor they're not
even in public according to their brains
they're on honeymoon and they're just
straight-up having sex on the dance
floor just sucking each other's faces
the entire night it boggles my mind that
it doesn't even matter what genre of
music is playing their tongues are down
each other's throats
we be all night turn down so what do you
do
why am I so emotional like let me get
this straight
y'all paid $20 to come into this club
and make out when the backseat of your
car is free I'm gonna at least be classy
and go to the unisex washroom okay
because let's be real this is 2014 and
you two are about to become the next
biggest meme number six the good bad
dancer this person was just really drunk
or generally very optimistic because in
their brain they believe they're an
amazing dancer when in actuality that's
not so much the case and this is usually
with people who think they can
breakdance now on a regular day this
person probably can't coordinate a
jumping jack but today in this club with
the help of vodka they are going to pop
and lock so they start creating a circle
they want everyone to watch they're
about to do this they start is just like
and I understand you're like dude I know
they invited Emily Rose to this party
but of course everyone in this circle
watching is still gonna be very
supportive cuz they're all like yes yes
drunk person you fulfill your dreams
today and then they get all carried away
so like they try to do something like
the worm and they do the worm except the
worm looks like it's on a hook as bait
dangling in the ocean I know they say
there's a lot of fish in the sea but I
don't know which fish is gonna take a
bite out of your uncoordinated self
number 7 the twerking texture no this is
the party who's clearly having a really
intense text combo but they refuse to
leave the party or not have fun they're
committing to this dance floor right now
so what do they do they do both I know
you're lying okay
you always do this honestly I hate you
girl get it together number a the Travel
Pack never be on the dance floor just
like jamming with your friends
everybody's having a good time but then
someone walks by you and elbows you in
your pancreas and rudely
just pushes you to the side because they
need to get through sometimes it's one
person but more often is that chain of
friends who's trying to stick together
and they're all doing the hand-holding
penguin come on babe and I'm just up in
here like you're pissed holes
I know trying to stay together but so
are my ligaments okay news all up here
doing jujitsu to get through the effin
crowd he's stepping on my feet and
shoving me like let me break down the
dance floor protocol to you okay this
area has been claimed by us okay when
you pass through it you pay respects to
us we don't got a make way for you I
don't see no pedestrian walkway no so
you can say excuse me and politely walk
around because if you're gonna be
shoving me and walking by I might
accidentally be dancing like this and if
you get hit it's not my fault all right
now I want to know how many times you
hugged yourself comment below and let me
know so I know how relatable this video
was also good a big thumbs up if you
liked it and check out my last video
right there called what girl talk sound
good
also don't forget to check out my daily
vlogs right there on my second channel
and make sure you subscribe to that cuz
of different channel on that side is the
latest episode of the tubes hottest
where I break a world record no big deal
make sure you also subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday on Thursday
until the next one one love superwoman
that is a wrap and
