hi oh my god hi hey girl
hey boo girl girl is that you know I've
had this forever girl really I've never
seen it
what really I've never seen it either oh
my god I might have something similar in
blue it looks good girl thanks girl mmm
where's it from you're not doing
remember I think forever oh my god
forever is so cute yeah they have these
sweaters on sale oh my god the floral
ones right yes yeah I legit bought seven
same same queue mate what do you want to
eat mmm
I'm good for whatever Sam I'm so hungry
same should we order something or I
don't know what do you guys think me I'm
honestly good for whatever pizza like
I'm not pizza anything but pizza I'm so
fat girl shut up no I swear I gained so
much weight
not even you are so skinny so then
Chinese honestly just order whatever I'm
so hungry
I'm like bloated too you know oh babe I
got my period this morning oh my god I
am so stressed I'm still waiting for my
girl you're pregnant
dammit I know slut true periods are
actually the worst hate them like why do
they even exist right what can't they
just make a cup pill you know you take
and just stop Superion or like if we had
a button install just you could push
when you're ready tap kids
oh my god yes if you actually think
about it periods are so stupid the
dumbest and like my back hurts my boobs
hurt girl your boobs though girl
Oh like do you want to give me some it's
honestly so unfair
one of your boobs is like both of my
boobs put together with a little bit of
my thigh oh my god stop like this this
right here this is your left boom and
like why are bras so expensive boobs are
so weird I have the body of a
nine-year-old boy
girls stop oh my god speaking of boys
actually what this idiot said to me Shh
effing guys tell us everything
oh my god I was so annoyed oh my god why
so annoying girl who do I need to kill
right now I just need to vent because
literally my boyfriend says the
stupidest things girl don't even get me
started don't even get me started and I
know I know I shouldn't do this but I
always compare him to my ex oh my god
girl no no girl girl no no girl stop you
know you can't do that I know that's
like really unhealthy I'm just gonna
turn to a lesbian same-same like I'm
okay with adopting your kid Angelina
Jolie doesn't exactly I was literally
just gonna say that I love my boyfriend
girl stop hi single lady over here can
we just think about how I feel God let
me show you this
Instagram account though girl and he
like never wears a shirt that jawline no
where was it called Oh double tap tap
tap tap tap tap tap like where are these
men hiding in real life they don't exist
I'm telling you honestly life is so rude
the rudest
so what are we gonna eat honestly just
order anything I'm so hungry
whatever wants a girl superwoman I hope
you enjoyed that video if you did give
it a big thumbs up also check out my
last video right there called eight
situations in which people should shut
up you'll have to check out my daily
vlogs they are right there also on the
far four corner there's a video on
Seventeen magazine channel because a
whole bunch of awesomesauce youtubers
including myself are featured in
Seventeen magazine so grab yourself a
copy and check out that video from
behind the scenes of the shoot other
than that make sure you click subscribe
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday I want you to be
here one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop
