humble I borrowed your shirt hey what
everyone it's a girl superwoman and
before I start this video let me just
tell you that I love people I love
making friends I love meeting new faces
I love being social etc etc but but but
there are some instances in which I
don't like to talk to people and in my
brain these situations are like common
sense but apparently common sense ain't
so common these days in fact common
sense is like a rare species it's like a
teenage girl who doesn't work it's
almost extinct new way for poor casares
talk so here are eight situations in
which people should shut up unless I
decide to cut them up because the videos
too long which case it'll be however
many are fated number one is me wearing
headphones the international sign for
please interrupt my favorite song and
talk to me like I actually don't get it
like you see me wearing headphones you
know I can't hear you but you choose to
start a conversation as far as I'm
concerned wearing headphones is like
wearing or Do Not Disturb sign
you ain't respecting the sign dawg and
you can't even play like you don't see
my headphones because these days
headphones be looking like earmuffs I'm
your children my beats by dre just like
who that who that uh uh ah did you watch
it
who the who that i-g-g-y and while I'm
doing that use our leg like I'm sorry I
don't remember agreeing to play a game
of charades with you and if he's gonna
play it's my turn are you ready okay
oh and the best is when you take your
headphones out reply clearly express
that you're annoyed put them back in and
the person talks again is this just me
like in my opinion the only person that
is allowed to interrupt my headphone
listening is a pilot on a plane telling
me about turbulence are you a pilot
are you turbulence are you the safety
demonstration No then shut your face
chop don't make me give you beats below
number two now I mentioned this in my
last video but I feel so strongly about
it that I feel the need to reiterate do
not talk to me while I'm getting a
massage and this goes for a friend that
may be getting a massage beside me or my
masseuse because I'm here trying to
forget about my stress and life for the
next 60 minutes and use all up your like
oh yeah so what do you do for a living
now you done school yeah how was your
day like dog I spent $40,000 on a
psychology degree I make youtube videos
for a living and I got my period today
at a white party please ask me more
questions no please continue just take a
bottle of stress and just rub it into my
photos in fact take this muscle and take
this muscle and just tie them together
like some shoelaces because I need more
knots in fact let's talk about the
recession let's talk about credit card
fun let's talk about the fact that my
credit card bill has more digits than my
cell phone number or you could shut up
and I could proceed to pretend like I'm
on a beach and you're Trey Songz and I'm
just over here like say say don't ruin
this for me number three I don't know
what it is and I feel like a terrible
person for saying this but I cannot
stand when my cab driver insists on
talking to me for the entire ride
because I'm in the backseat texting
taking some selfies this is due to some
music shutting my eyes and you
the front see trying to interview me I'm
gonna don't get me wrong I dead it's
very sweet you're asking about me asking
about my day asking where I'm headed but
the reality of the situation is I'm
probably headed to a party in which case
I'm gonna be forced to be social and
meet new people and I only have a
limited number of F's in my care cup and
if I lose all my social juices in this
cab with you i'ma get to that party and
slap every stranger that approaches me
don't empty my cock dawg
so it's for the greater good if you
don't talk to me and I promise I'll give
you a good tip if you just shut up
number four yo you know in the perfect
time to talk to me is when you have
seven drills in my mouth while filling
my cavities it boggles my mind that
dentists have such impressive degrees
but totally lack social skills in this
situation like you are literally sucking
the saliva out of my mouth you are
drilling my gums okay
my lips are all shriveled up like some
prunes and I can see the blood in the
little to be thing leaving my mouth I'm
sitting up in here looking like a damn
construction site and use up in here
like so Lily what grade are you in now
how school going you're still doing that
YouTube thing and I'm just lying there
like like how many things you want me to
do right now you don't why don't you
just put a clarinet in my mouth as well
I'll play you a song while you wipe my
teeth give me some balloons I'll blow
them up we'll have a party like I don't
know if you're trying to distract me
from the pain by having a conversation
with me but for someone who has
uncovered full of drugs over there
you're licking the wrong record just
shut up inject me with something and let
me be number five so let me get this
straight right i'ma sit here for 10
hours eat crappy food share a washroom
with 200 people and you want me to be
social on this plane an act I am sorry
but people who talk to me on airplanes I
ain't about that I am not trying to be
social for this many hours because if
you're gonna talk to me for this entire
14 hour flight please tell me just tell
me if I can jump out the window into the
ocean and just swim the rest of the damn
way because can be real with you I would
rather be on a small boat with a tiger
and rename myself to PI then be
obligated to talk to you because let me
tell you what I want to be doing I want
to put my headphones in and as we've
learned from situation number one that's
an indication she's not talking to me I
want to watch some comedy shows you as
many free peanuts as possible and
pretend that you ain't even there
hogging up the armrest and doing your
word search in fact don't even do the
word search hood you know I'm gonna be
looking over and get hella frustrated
cuz you can't find that word and that
already is too much communication
because I'm so confused as to why you
can't find words on the paper like
there's so many words and your damn
mouth or you tryin to talk to me but I
think I've nothing that word is reka
give me your highlighter stressing me
dawg
number six so we watching this movie
right we watching this movie you are
know where I'm going
we've watching this movie and my
annoying friend feels the need to
discuss everything and let me just make
one thing very clear okay
I am NOT the director I'm not in the
movie and if you're confused about
something happening on the screen I'm
watching the same screen and I got no
damn script wait is this the same guy in
the beginning oh my god that totally
happened to me once let me tell you all
about it wait how could she do that
instead okay I don't get it why don't
they just take turns in the ocean so
they don't both die
like my bag you hold the popcorn let me
just reflect on the time I was on the
movie set and also on the Titanic in
fact oh let me step into the movie okay
and address all your mother effin
concerns like bro this is not a
choose-your-own-adventure just accept
what is happening cuz we're almost Mac
you and you are gonna loose your popcorn
sharing privileges with me and you know
my popcorn be layered with butter and
tasting delicious number seven so do you
ever have it a crapload of work to do
and so you invite over some people's
have like a work session but you
actually need to get a lot of work done
but your one friend keeps talking every
two seconds because I'm very clearly
studying and taking notes I'm trying to
pass tomorrow
test so let's do Pythagorean and you
made the theorem zip it Ed Boon why you
trying to kill me
you know my parents are Indian I try to
get no any - and get grounded so don't
make me whoop you in your hypotenuse
number eight now this one applies to
everyone who has reached puberty it
should and if it doesn't go to your room
but everyone who's reached puberty and
has ever been that situation where
you're so attracted to someone you don't
mean the chemistry is there
you're both standing there you want to
come closer together you want to kiss
you want this to be a sexy romantic
setting until the person decides is the
perfect time to discuss emotions and
feelings on behalf of me and my
genitalia shut the F up because I want
this to be like a Rihanna song just like
with you been a man and you are turning
it into a One Direction song say the
Serie my life I do not care out of all
the things your lips should be doing
talking it's not one of them call me
insensitive but feelings are for
greeting cards not for makeup sessions
if discussions happen during makeup
sessions half of you wouldn't be born
and I hope you enjoyed that video if you
can relate to any of the eight
situations click the links in
description share on Facebook and on
Twitter don't forget to give it a big
thumbs up and check out my last video
right there called awkward massage where
things get really awkward you can check
on my daily vlogs right there on my
second channel make sure you subscribe
there because I make new videos every
single day over there and on the floor
and over there is the newest episode of
the tubes hottest where you can check
out the blindfolded makeup challenge
cheese were alert I win ha make sure you
also click Subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap and
