oh I don't know I just felt like it
whatever boys or girls so Coleman hello
boys and girls and welcome to story time
with superwoman
so dude yesterday I was like my
shoulders really hurt and I need a
massage and conveniently enough there's
a massage place right next to my
apartment so I'm like wonderful I'm
gonna walk in if the prices are good I'm
gonna get a massage if the prices are
too expensive I'm gonna pretend like I
don't know English slide game hang so I
walk into the place and looks amazing
there's like a whole Boris theme there's
a green drop sound effects to the
waterfall and I'm just like I'm effing
mobley in the jungle book right now
apparently this is what more really does
certainly movies are fair enough
apparently Mowgli that's ready arriving
they've got just looking for easy yeah I
am movie focus so I look to the price
list I'm like you're the same too bad
sign me up son and on top of that the
lady behind the counter keeps
complimenting me and before I start this
let me just say I'm giving her an Asian
accent because that's how she sounded
I'm not being racist this is just direct
information from my memories so she's on
a beautiful lady so pretty lady
and you know me I'm like okay it's not
my girl
give me a Thai massage now let me just
tell you that this is not my first rodeo
okay I get massages very often but
without fail every single time they
explained to me what to take off in
terms of clothing I act like a
three-year-old who suddenly scared of
cooties
okay so you take off your clothes okay
you take top off okay you take bottom
off okay okay you take bra off boy you
will eat your panty okay okay and I'm
getting so awkward and I don't even know
why like I know she knows I'm wearing
panties okay but I feel like now she
knows she knows I'm wearing panties
because she's talking about them like
she's directly addressing them just like
hello mrs. panty you are admitted into
this club and I know you probably don't
feel weird because it wasn't your
panties but hey your panties
if you offer or don't you yep you're
awkward easy so she leaves the room and
I'm left to change into this robe and
every single time I'm in this situation
my brain is thinking honestly there's
probably surveillance camera somewhere
in here it's probably all a scandal
hello are you looking at my ponte
because according to me everything is a
scam don't trust anybody 3:16 douche
do-do-do-do-do-do
so I change in tomorrow when she takes
me to this private massage room and
tells me to lie down basically when they
tell you to lie down they like leave the
room so you can take off your robe and
lie down okay just so no but J J's are
on display they say cats the musical my
kitty I perform in no songs so she
closes the door and like an Olympian I
start stripping my clothes off okay and
I know she like literally just walked
out but I'm always super paranoid just
like what if I think I'm undressing
quickly but really it's been like ten
minutes so I haven't mousse almighty
that is just like jump onto that back
into those sheets adjust the sheet all
around me just to make sure my butt
cheek ain't hanging out then I put my
face into that little hole thing just
like so she comes back in okay and get
started so it's pressing my bad gain I'm
like all right here we go feel real nice
kick she doing her thing I'm getting
relaxed but then but then but then she
says beautiful lady and I'm just like oh
thank you I'm not okay this might be
like a massage slash self-esteem boost
type thing alright so she keeps
massaging I'm like all right here we go
relaxation what's up and then one more
time Beauty funny
and I'm just like oh okay thank you what
you singing a Pharrell summer and she
keeps doing it and doing it while slowly
caressing my back like such beautifully
so we te ad anyone from complement to
creepy real effing quick and I'm lying
there with my face in this hole just
like oh my god she's gonna kill me like
I mean it's dark in this room so I can't
really see what my masseuse looks like
but I'm pretty sure she's a little girl
wearing a white dress and I'm the
minority in this horror film who's about
to die first I mean it feels like she's
a creepy uncle like she's Bob Saget and
I'm one of the Olsen twins and it's so
weird and I'm just like dude he's my
masseuse like into me shut up you know
me try to get peace or just bio because
that's what my female intuition is
telling me like I was at a club and she
was a guy this would be the guy I would
lie to saying I'm engaged while I
slightly just go like this huh it's all
sitting there I was like okay this is
where this is where but then eventually
she stops and I'm like okay oh now it's
time to relax so she starts massaging I
start relaxing and then suddenly the
music gets really loud and it's not
relaxing music it's like intense music
it's like prisoner of azkaban music and
I'm just like oh my god they're trying
to hypnotize me to get into my chamber
of secrets starting into like I hate pop
song drums start playing my booty start
working involuntarily just like no much
beautiful lady
but then the lady notices and she's like
music too loud for you and I'm like yeah
just a little PS ID no don't kill me
something at I'm massaging for those who
don't know a Thai massage can be painful
sometimes like they really get into it
with their elbows just like pop but if
you're anything like me when you go
through a painful experience it's all in
the mind you start talking to yourself
so she's like digging her elbow into me
and it's hurting and I'm just like oh
okay that hurt
he's just engaged say okay she does
again I'll tell her to do it softer
again okay next time next time I'll tell
her sir get pomace for sure next time
I'll tell her for sure
and this point am i clenching my butt
cheese she's like okay that was probably
the last time is okay one more one more
my party a little Oh God and then she
stops and then nothing happens for 45
seconds
she doesn't speak I don't feel anything
she doesn't make a noise and I'm just
like where the F did she go and now my
mind starts racing I'm like I'm probably
just lying yeah she's probably standing
in the corner of the room just like I
knew what if she starts taking selfies
with my butthole this is the end that's
a word where she starts videotaping
groping my butt I put on the bright side
though at least the finebros we'll have
another viral video for people to react
to it will be my buttocks I'm going to
be featured in Crouching Tiger exposed
butthole but then finally finally Julie
for lady please tunnel over so I turn
onto my back and she starts massaging me
right here my upper chest my neck my
shoulders my all right that feels real
good right now real huh I'm starting to
relax like peace out tension and then
she starts moving lower a little bit
lower and then this girl intentionally
gave me a nip slip I swear to God I
swear to god she's strategically move
lower
so the sheet would fall and just ever so
slightly expose my nipple I swear to God
I heard my nipple say let my nipple up
just they're shaking their damn heads
like what is this go do it she's all
like I'm all like ooh
and my nipples are all like what is
happening my nipples deserve better than
this okay I'm calling the nipple Union
two seconds later she pulls the sheet
back up as if it was a mistake okay that
wasn't no nip slip
that was a nip plot that was the nip
plan but honestly dude at this point I'm
just thinking in my brain I really want
this to be a Romeo and Juliet type
massage because I ain't hoping for no
happy ending
she massages my feet my legs at that
whole thing and then after a few minutes
she solid okay beautiful lady I hope you
enjoy I very much like working on you
and I was lying there all confused
because I'm not sure which one of us is
taking the walk of shame because I feel
like it's me so I put my clothes on I
walk out I pay them and then I write
down my channel name of my game make
sure you check out my videos oh hey I
hope you enjoyed it man
you liked it I told you you would like
it you did such a good job oh there's so
much better little girl
you beautiful and I hope you enjoy
storytime with Superman if you did
comment below and let me know and I'll
do more story times with Superman also
make sure you give this video a huge
thumbs up and check out my last video
right there it's called the realest
school advice a blur where I keep it
real and tell you some tips and tricks
and how to succeed in school
for reals also make sure you check out
my daily vlogs right there on my second
channel and make sure you subscribe to
it because I do make vlogs there every
single day and you won't see them here
they'll only see them there so go there
and lastly make sure you click Subscribe
because I make you
Monday and Thursday and in time I just
spit on you I'm sorry Intel burn what I
love superwoman that is a wrap end
beautifully
