where in the world is superwoman today
eight back in LA what ever wanted to
girls superwoman and I am back from
baking jumping straight into work just
like a lot of you because I know a lot
of you are going back to school or you
just went back to school or you live
across the world and you've been in
school for a few months now in which
case awkward but either way it doesn't
matter if you're just starting or you've
been doing it for a while now I'm gonna
give you the realest school advice ever
and I mean like real real not like Nicki
Minaj booty real where's that a huge
controversy and people don't know if
it's real or fake I'm pretty sure it's
just squats nah man you could get them
to squat up what he patted oh yeah when
I heard her booty drank redbull and now
it had wings nah and at the whole make
sure you do your readings and you don't
study on an empty stomach vibe I'm gonna
tell you some advice tips and tricks for
school that I wish people told me when I
was in school you're ready leg up number
one back-to-school shopping is the
biggest scam ever and maybe I get it
okay I seen the back-to-school
commercials all like hey look at me with
my new backpack and laptop getting great
grades because I'm happy with perfect
effing hair but nah that's just not how
things work and I know you've convinced
yourself and your parents that you need
all these expensive school supplies in
order to succeed but boo
can I be real with you that new laptop
looks cool looking gel pens over there
I'm not gonna get you good grins okay
studying and sucking up to the teacher
are gonna get your good grades and
that's what's up so get some discipline
and self-control save your money and use
that money to buy a teacher a new month
laughs and if you need proof look at
those damn geometry sets you buy every
single year think it'll help you but on
me you still fail math so stop and trust
me when I say you're gonna want that
extra money when tuition bills just be
knocking on your door like knock knock
who's there no one because your house
got repossessed and you ain't got a door
mess what now imagine if people borrow
your school supplies you ain't getting
them back and if you don't learn this
lesson the first time it's your own damn
fault because when someone turns to
EWTN's all like you have a pen
and and you look in your backpack and
the only pen you got is that inky gel
nice padded ten you lie I've got a pen I
never got to put up your home better
pens are against my religion this is
science class want me to say no cherry
number three when you're in elementary
school in high school everything seems
like the biggest deal in the world
people be getting dramatic over all
types of ish i build my test I didn't
make the basketball team I didn't get
voted on the student council
I liked it we partied in class why don't
you understand right now is all that ish
is temporary you don't need to be
stressing about that and I know it's
gonna hurt you're gonna be upset and
that's okay but what I'm saying is don't
let it ruin your experience because I
promise you yours from now you won't
even remember that crap I mean trust me
if I'm gonna be really honest like I
barely even remember my first kiss okay
boy if you're watching this I'm really
sorry but I then had other boyfriends
made other mistakes and that came t
intoxicated nights to erase that memory
so don't sweat it enjoy it and don't
stress yourself out because one day I
promise you you're gonna miss school
during your school life you are going to
get heartbroken you're gonna lose a
friend
someone's gonna backstab you someone's
gonna cheat on you it's going to happen
and it happens to everyone
specifically with relationships what I
want to tell you is you need to get all
upset over that boy and girl and start
ruining your grades and skipping class
and doing all types of stupid crap
you're so young just any efficient to
see okay this ain't Finding Nemo this is
real life okay people want to go and get
lost vote pcfr I'm gonna chill with
George over here because let me tell you
something every person I know looks back
at their school life is like what was I
thinking because you might be dating
someone right now and they might break
your heart and they might be like the
big match right now but years from now
when puberty does him wrong you gonna
turn into a Krusty Burger why not be
sure Records nailed it nailed it it all
hold everything and mark my words you're
crying now but years from now you can
call my girl do you remember when I was
dating that crane your friends gonna be
like girl
and you gonna be like what was I
thinking and then you go come back to
this video and be like number five is
heart oh my god it's a lot
this one's really simple don't be mean
to people
y'all honk and ruin my video don't be
mean to people and I'm not just saying
this because it's Turkish to be mean to
people I'm saying it because you don't
know where those people are gonna end up
years from now and trust me when I say
those people might be really successful
and really freaking cool and you're
gonna regret it because what they might
turn into like an awesome youtuber with
great hair you're gonna oh damn I wish I
wasn't mean to her or else I could have
rolled with her and been her friend
number six I'ma be real with you okay
you will not use everything you learn in
your textbooks later on in life true but
let me tell you some of the best lessons
I've ever learned are from school
because school taught me how to make
friends how to be social have confidence
and how to try new things
and real talk because of all my
all-nighters and all those well oh my
God why really this or last minute
school taught me some sort of time
management so my advice to you is to get
more out of that learning experience in
school not just what's in the textbooks
join clubs join teams do extracurricular
activities go to events because those
will always be the best memories in
school if you're shy and you don't want
to try those new things you want to stay
in the Washington Mall like what if I'm
not good at all like me it's okay you
suck at everything okay
you should not you won't see anything
damn beer anyways and number seven this
last one is specially dedicated to all
my people going to college or in
university if you're anything like me at
some point you're gonna want to drop off
even be like I don't wanna do this
anymore
Alfre one doesn't work I don't believe
in school what is society and I'm just
gonna tell you something I wish someone
told me and that is you may not like
school you may not agree with school but
you're currently in school and you pay
thousands of dollars of tuition money
and realistically you ain't getting
nowhere and getting no damn impressive
diploma with those C's and these brought
so it's in your best interest to just
buckle the F up study and get those good
grades and you can just be like peace
done with it I never have to do you
again and no stop to understand cuz I
did too and I was like I want this I can
get bad grades now study its
counterproductive you have to take those
classes all over again you get that damn
diploma long story short you're gonna go
through school and a lot of stuff is
gonna happen
some of its gonna be good some of its
gonna be bad my advice to you is to
enjoy the ride because I promise you and
I know you had just a lot and right now
you might be like this is not gonna be
me it will be you you're gonna miss
school one day right now you in school
how you hate it you're gonna miss it
when later on in life get to do things
like pay your taxes take care of told or
like Gordon you're gonna be oh my god I
wish I was back in high school where I
could lie to my substitute teacher for
entertainment so please enjoy hope you
enjoyed that video if you did give it a
big thumbs up and
because there's so many students out
there that could benefit from hearing
all of this also if you want to check
out my daily vlogs on my second channel
there right there so click that make
sure you subscribe it is a separate
channel also check out the newest
episode of the two hottest forget this I
do a makeup tutorial and I'm mother
effin Slade it's right there check that
out also make sure you click that
subscribe button because I'm making
videos every Monday and Thursday and I
want you to be there one love superwoman
that is a wrap
err
