ok good what if everyone is a girl
superwoman and you know I like to be
real with you so that's what I want to
do if I can be honest superwoman is
tired I'm so tired and if you've been
following my vlogs or following my
tweets you know that I'm at the point of
just shutting down because I've been so
busy these past few days the dr. Cathy
stuff and just all things I have going
on with all my travels and just I'm
shutting down and so I'm basically
posting this video to tell you something
I've thought about many many times
before but I've never done because I've
always like no you can do it just push
yourself push yourself but now I'm just
like I can't push anymore it's really
not a big deal but I want to tell you
that as much as it will eat me up alive
I think in my best interest to take a
week vacation from this channel because
I can't keep my eyes open
so there is no video today I do not have
a video all I have is my face my tired
face and I'm not gonna put a video up on
Thursday either I'm actually going on
vacation with my family on Wednesday to
Florida and I'm a fit person I was like
it's okay I'll just make videos there
and yet but I'm just thinking you don't
know just just take it easy so the next
time I'll post a video on this channel
is on Monday so I'm gonna go on vacation
for a week from this channel I hope
that's cool with you
it's really not a big deal but to me
it's like the worst thing in the world
and I feel so bad it's like and that's
all I have to say I'm sorry this is not
even a video I feel so bad I feel so bad
but if you still want to see more of my
face and you're like I want to see what
else you've been doing I will still be
doing daily vlogs every single day it's
just because those aren't as much as a
production as these videos so I will be
vlogging every single day still
including today's vlog you want to check
out my vlogging channel it's right there
just click there daily vlogs I'll still
be doing those for the week um and
subscribe to that second channel
with this channel also there's a new
episode of the tubes hottest out the
second challenge PS it's freaking
awesome make sure you check check click
right there check it out and of course
my previous video is there look at I'm
not even do this in the right order
because I don't my last video is here
wanna check it out as well um great
conference and click Subscribe I will
see you in a week my lovelies
love you so much and I'm so sorry for
not entertaining you today with this
video but I am just gonna go nap for
ever right now and I want you to nap
with me come let us snap until Monday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop go check out my vlog channel I'm
still there okay I love you bye no don't
hate me
