where in the world is superwoman today
8la just kidding I'm inside a super
mario title phoom phoom phoom phoom what
if everyone's a girl superwoman and the
Video Music Awards took place last night
and everyone was losing their mind with
all the excitement than me I boarded a
plane the moment it started straight up
on this American Airlines flight and
everyone is just tweeting about the VMAs
like the struggle was too real in my
heart but the moment I got to my hotel I
watched the VMAs and can't just say best
VMAs ever and whether you watched it
live or you missed it or you just don't
care this is the only VMAs review you
need to watch as I'm like a break it
down and take you on the same emotional
roller coaster I went on so the show
opened with the bay ariana grande
followed by Nicki Minaj and Jessie J and
they all ended with their new song bang
bang can we just talk about this for a
minute first of all I think we can all
agree that ariana grande is just
perfection she's adorable later on in
the night she won best pop music video
and she went up and was like I think I
was gonna win so I didn't prepare
anything and I'm just sitting here like
girl how humble what do you mean you
don't think you were gonna win girl you
win Twitter seven times a night like you
ain't even a trending topic anymore
straight up you're just part of the
website straight up just like
username/password ariana grande like I
said oh what's that there's a new
president it doesn't matter because
Ariana just bought a latte and that's
number one worldwide trend son girl work
and Nicki Minaj just got her ones
anaconda way up okay and I'm talking
even if you don't have an anaconda her
performance was like Jumanji okay one
magically appeared and by Jessie J looks
flawless and that voice mm-hmm
the intro was amazing and I initially
gave the intro 5 out of 5 bang just like
bang bang bang
bang but then Nicki Minaj still came out
even though she had outfit malfunction
and her zipper was all busted open but
she just helped together and did her
verse like a boss and I was like six out
of five bangs back and then they came
out turned around I saw her booty and I
was like seven out of five bangs bang no
real talk I love you Nicki please sit on
my lap by zipper couldn't handle all the
bun Sun my girl Taylor Swift performs
shake it off I don't care what anyone
has to say I think Taylor Swift is cute
as f I love her vibe I think she's full
of energy she's fun she's silly and I
feel like everything she says in all of
her songs is somehow relevant she's like
that emoji you know that mode you use
that you can just throw it anywhere that
makes total sense
oh my god I'm feeling 22 I knew you were
trouble I'm gonna shake it off she's
cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers
yes Taylor yes Best Female Video went to
Katy Perry for Dark Horse wait copyright
material dammit Best Rock video went to
Lourdes okay so 5 seconds of summer
performed and this is my issue with
young boy bands I have illegal thoughts
and feelings I mean I'm a grown woman
okay I should be picking a man I like
the bank at the grocery store or like a
supper club but here I am sitting at
home watching the VMAs looking at Luke
just like you know five seconds of this
summer I heard boy I changed my name to
summer if you won't have five seconds
meet number real talk I'm from Canada we
called up in there I could use some five
seconds of summer I mean can I be real
for a second I'm already googling images
of Zayn mug every time I feel lonely so
don't be adding to that list because
real soon I'm have to marry a cardboard
cutout and I ain't trying to get no
paper cuts I give the performance four
out of five bangs right
I know what it gave another bang if they
were shirtless oh wait no sorry whoa
hormones get back in here five bangs
singing their song all like I'm not
dying Shh I beg to differ okay you damn
fine and it upsets me
Sam Smith performed and okay can we talk
about this because I cannot with Sam
Smith so much soul so much emotion so
much heart when he sings he's just
standing there like why am I so
emotional and I'm sitting over here like
why you so emotional no why am I so
emotional listening to you because I
ain't heartbroken
I'm over here eating skittles not giving
an F but you got me catching feelings
Sam okay damn it Sam
you know my mascara waterproof got me
looking like a raccoon for no reason Sam
Sam why am I so emotional I'm just
kidding I got my period this morning
how's that for too much information hey
you know this hair is being real rude
right now turning me into a Solange for
no reason
Miley Cyrus with video of the year for
wrecking ball and I'm like yes girl
where is my double hand emoji just
preach Amen and get this piece of beauty
okay she doesn't get up to accept the
award
no no she sends a homeless youth on her
behalf to make a speech about
homelessness and donating what's that
noise okay sorry what was that
oh that's the noise all the critics
jumping back onto the Miley Train yeah
there's no room sorry because some of us
never got off interesting isn't it how
people can twerk stick out their tongue
and still be good people
that's why might you do your thing okay
you ride your wrecking ball all the way
to the donation booth okay you know what
because haters gonna hate the artists to
watch award went to fifth harmony
best hip-hop video went to my boy Drizzy
Drake for hold on we're going home good
hmm do these things know so India's alia
just owned the nominations at the VMAs
unfortunately she didn't take any home
but that's okay because honestly can I
be real for a second hey is Elia is so
pretty girls straight up you don't need
a moon men okay congratulations on your
face and furthermore I actually really
don't think you need a moon man okay I
mean with a bootie like that they could
use some of the moon back and if icky
and Nicki Minaj ever do a song together
it needs to be called eclipse because
that is what would happen those booties
door and I mean a lot of other things
happened okay but I'm gonna have to
dedicate the rest of this video to my
queen beyonce now I'm sure many people
can relate when I say I find it
physically mentally and emotionally
difficult to watch Beyonce perform live
or on TV my brain and heart cannot
comprehend the being that is Beyonce
because without fail every single time
my vocabulary just shrinks and I have an
IQ of four I'm just sitting there
watching her like Quinn Quinn Quinn
Quinn Quinn just straight-up like hi yes
I'd like to order one casket please oh
no because Beyonce killed me
oh no I'm dead that's right this is my
slayed ghost call me after you kill me
Beyonce gets up there performs her
entire album and absolutely owns the
stage and then when she's done things
turn from the VMAs into the Fault in Our
Stars real quick real F and quick jay-z
and Blue Ivy come up and present Beyonce
with her VMA award she starts crying I
start crying everyone's crying
everyone's chanting Beyonce it's just
too much the emotions all of the
emotions then it hit me you know I'm
talking about you know exactly what I'm
talking about
beyonce syndrome where inevitably you
begin to question your own rights look
oh hi you millionaire husband and your
gorgeous daughter just came up to
present you with the VMA award
and you just laid the entire universe oh
okay yeah but I mean my mom like my
facebook status earlier and Nicki Minaj
retweeted one of my teeth so who's
really winning you ladies can I get an
amen
not being Beyonce it's a hard pill to
swallow
what up speaker reference coming into so
much use head adjustment in conclusion
and I ain't even fronting I loved the
VMAs I thought it was such a good show
Congrats to everyone that was nominated
and everyone that one I like it I really
hope you liked this review I didn't
cover everything but you can check out
all the highlights on MTV's website the
link is in the description if you're
interested you can check that out and
before you go I know if you've noticed
any time I do reviews or I talk about
celebrities or anything I'd make a
conscious effort not to be disrespectful
or bash them because they're humans and
I'm not about reviewing people and
making them feel like crap even if
they're celebrities they may never see
this there's so people and so that's
what I like to do a bit differently I
know might not be as funny but I don't
think it's cool to laugh on people's
expense if you dig that and you still
like this with you let me know in the
comments and click the links in the
description to share because you'll
spread more love more love and more
bootay if you like this video make sure
you give it a big thumbs up and check
out my last video called the truth about
youtubers where I tell you how youtubers
get paid and about the money and if
we're friends and all that other gossipy
stuff I know you love also make sure you
check out the newest episode of the tube
hottest right there where I get egg
crack on my head I mean if that's not
enough for you to click it I don't know
what is it's really good check it out
it's right there make sure you also
comment below and subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday
and Thursday until the next one one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
