what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman and today I'm using super
Thursday to make a very very important
video the truth about youtubers whatup
sweater reference now this video is so
important to me because there's so many
misconceptions about being a youtuber
and before I even start let me just make
it clear that this video is not a
defense it's not my way of complaining
or proving a point or making you pity
youtubers at all it is not about that it
is simply about dropping some knowledge
and giving you a little bit of insight
into your favorite youtubers life so
take it for the rainbow that it is
people asked youtubers all the time is
you two good job
wait so I do get paid but I come
assuming I heard you get one dollar per
subscriber wait are all youtubers really
friends do you actually read all
comments how do you deal with the hate
can Ohio number well let me answer all
of those questions for you but above
should I get it
YouTube is a very unconventional job
it's a new thing a lot of people don't
understand it I mean my parents didn't
used to understand it some of my friends
still don't understand it and a lot of
my relatives think I wear waves just for
fun but believe it or not YouTube can be
a career and yes we make money from it
let it drop break it down for you okay
this is honesty our despite all the
ridiculous rumors you see in the
comments section of videos youtubers do
not get paid by the number of
subscribers they have let alone $1 per
subscriber because I'm pretty sure I
ain't got no 3.6 million dollars because
if I did I'll be riding a unicorn right
now we do not get paid if you leave a
comment we do not get paid if you click
thumbs up or thumbs down so now that you
know that information you can go ahead
and click that thumbs up because I
promise you it's not gonna result in me
buying a new Bentley
go ahead the truth is that youtubers get
paid by the number of people who view
the ads before and during their video
and they get paid even more if you click
those ads oh wait hold on there
something in my pocket oh look it's all
the honesty and youtubers also get paid
by doing brand deals many of which I'm
sure you're aware of and are super
annoyed of hearing about and
of course they also make money by doing
live performances and selling
merchandise etc etc so how much do
youtubers make now I know you sitting
there all life and you don't want to
hear this answer I'm about to give you
because you want me to say some magical
numbers and you can be all like but the
truth is it really depends on the
individuals deal some youtubers make a
lot some make a decent amount and some
make a little it really all just depends
and there's no standard number I could
tell you where you could sit there and
figure out the math of how much someone
makes also side note you don't need X
amount of subscribers to start making
money on YouTube anyone including
yourself can post a video on YouTube as
long as it doesn't have copyrighted
material and make money
this isn't reserved to some special
group of people and if it was trust me I
would not be part of that group and let
me just say for all the people who leave
really angry hate comments saying why do
youtubers make money let me ask you a
question you wake up in the morning sit
behind a desk and get paid money to do
work I wake up in the morning sit in
front of a camera so why shouldn't I get
paid to do work I mean just because our
job is different from your job
it doesn't mean youtubers don't deserve
to eat also go after yourself in the
most Unicorn way possible Lyda hey Nami
and this brings me to my next truth
there seems to be this ridiculous
misconception that making videos is easy
and shouldn't be considered work if I
had a dollar for every time someone came
up to me and said wait but don't you
just make videos I would always be in
the strip club because I wouldn't know
what to do with all in dollars hear me
when I say every single youtuber you
watch works really hard to make good
content and it's really not as easy as
it seems I mean to start off most
youtubers make one or two videos a week
a week that's thinking of two ideas a
week in a world where it's so hard to
think of an original idea because
everything's been done then you got to
shoot it oftentimes alone then you got
to edit it then final cuts gonna crash
then you're gonna cut off final cut then
you're gonna edit it again then you're
gonna render that ish you're gonna
upload that ish YouTube's not gonna work
you're gonna upload that ish again
you're gonna make a thumbnail and then
you were to do those annotations ah
don't dumb
patience and this whole process usually
takes many many hours because a 10
minute video is like two hours of
footage not to mention for me it's
probably three hours of footage cuz I
don't know how to speak English and if
you think that's easy I sincerely
challenge you to make two videos a week
start right now go ahead because you
really can't judge something you've
never tried and i say myst the hardest
job in the world but it's definitely
more than don't you just make videos and
again this is not me complaining this is
simply informing and let's not forget
the most difficult truth about being a
youtuber can we be real for a second not
everyone can say being criticized by the
entire world is part of their job
description but youtubers can because
it's part of our job to read sexist
racist comments and it's part of our job
to have people telling us to go kill
ourselves homie it's part of my job to
read people disrespecting my family and
friends and although of course all
youtubers try their absolute best to
focus on all the wonderful support you
give us it's not always smiles and
sunshine and I really believe any
youtuber who said a hate comment has
never bothered me is lying we're all
human of course things bother us
sometimes some people so me know I'm
sorry to burst your bubble but no in
fact a lot of youtubers hate each other
and to be completely honest a lot of
youtubers have never even met in person
and they're just acquaintances on
Twitter
which i think is amazing but but don't
be too disheartened because even though
not all youtubers are friends we all
still have this unspoken rule and
unspoken respect for any other youtuber
who gets a win for the common cause in
the words of Tyler Oakley most youtubers
are team Internet which means even if
I'm not best friends with youtuber X if
you tour X does something that's a step
forward for Team internet I'm a support
youtuber X like my brother which is why
every youtuber plug its grace in their
videos your way effing with a click
click which is why everyone has an
Instagram picture with Hannah Hart's
book click click which is why I this to
do happy little pale on the rags which
is why I want to be front row at every
possible Miranda sings show which is why
I wish nothing
but the absolute best for Epic Meal
Empire which is why it doesn't matter if
I was nominated for a Teen Choice Award
or whoever else was nominated because
the first time youtubers were recognized
so Tyler and Beth breakin high-fives bro
it's wonderful it's freakin fantastic
I'm gonna lie I think I speak on behalf
of all youtubers when I say we love our
viewers so much because the truth is
you've gotten us to where we are but I
will also say no matter how much we love
our viewers we also do like a little bit
of privacy and so things like having
people call our cell phones or showing
up at our houses or doing things like
that are a little bit weird and yes
those are things all youtubers deal with
not to mention the breach of privacy
every single time some douchebag
interviewer asks us so how much you get
paid because apparently youtubers aren't
human and all common courtesy and
respect should be thrown out the window
here's a question how much money do you
get paid to ask me that question huh
idiot box
no I watch my videos all the time to see
how I can improve for future uploads do
I feel we're watching my videos in front
of other people yes yes get me out of
here right now
when youtubers aren't working they work
some more a lot of people fail to
realize that when youtubers make youtube
their career YouTube is their life and
the reason is because youtubers are
self-made there is no president or CEO
giving us directions on what to do we
are that CEO so what we're not uploading
videos we're on conference calls we're
taking meetings doing whatever we can to
grow and be better and for a lot of
youtubers this results in our friends
and families getting really frustrated
because we're so busy but we have to put
our all into our career or else it will
go nowhere in conclusion the truth about
being a youtuber is simple we have the
best job in the freaking world but just
like every other job it has its
challenges I don't really sorry if this
video wasn't funny okay but I really
hope it cleared a lot of rumors out
people spread and hey not you know a bit
more about your favorite youtuber
whoever they may be in fact you should
jump on Twitter right now and tweet them
to hashtag a unicorn hog for whatever
their name is just give them a unicorn
hug because they'll appreciate that now
I'm gonna do this
now that you know all this new
information you know what's up if you
like this video give it a thumbs up
because guess what I'm not going to gain
a dollar from it also if you want to
check out my last video is called types
of people out of music parks and it's
right there you can also check out my
daily vlogs on my second blog channel
right there and make sure you subscribe
to that because it's separate from this
channel and it's like a separate thing
also make sure you comment below if you
like this video and make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and until the
next one one love superwoman that is a
wrap and so now I need to go pack for
Chicago social come on
