what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman just kidding just kidding
it's a girl mama why why last let me
show you why say I am so basically if
you haven't heard the rock basically
proposed to me so I mean that's pretty
much the video so the end subscribe Zoop
Zoop
gimme so I only thought it was
appropriate to wear this shirt sorry my
video is late today I was actually at
Wonderland and for all of you people who
are like the shimmer is Wonderland it's
a Canadian theme park is based in
Toronto and it is awesome sauce I did a
lot of this and a lot of this and a
whole lot of this and now I sound like a
man so I thought it would be appropriate
for me to make the video today called
types of people at amusement parks it's
bizarre
Pizza parks there's types of people at
amusement parks number one my batteries
I'm number one the adrenaline addict now
this is the person who is just
absolutely fearless out of news reports
new roller coaster down new bungee
jumping thingamajigger down teacups on
fire and the employees are just shooting
at you while you're spinning - anacondas
down perfection oh she said no speaking
anacondas Nicki Minaj that booty no
that's my music part of its own and
Drizzy wanna see some bass the
adrenaline addict is always trying to
break the rules around the roller
coaster ladies and gentlemen please keep
your arms inside the cart at all times
there's like please keep your arms and
legs inside the car at all times
adrenaline addict just like jumping
jacks on this roller coaster right now
p90x on this roller coaster on a ferris
wheel just rockin the damn thing and
just screaming the whole time we're not
screaming like they're scared okay no
but screaming with confidence good yeah
whoa you know they sound like a job just
touched a boob for the first time yeah
yeah number two the pokeball now the
pokeball of the person who came to the
amusement park because they wants a
mother f in candy apples okay they ate
about any of these godforsaken rides
they are terrified of rollercoasters but
even still they get dragged to the park
because of peer pressure they sit on
rides with utter fear and are just
silent the
fire time there's on that roller coaster
they look like a creature that's stuck
inside a polka bar just like a
Charmander looking down chin digging
into the Chester River make it stop
finally the ride is done in there just
like just straight looking like
Paranormal Activity four or five four of
the health on number three the pressure
parent so today I was waiting in line to
get onto a roller coaster and in front
of me was a mother and her tiny baby boy
I was like six or seven nine he could
have been 14 I the whole people are but
he was terrified that he was crying
because he was so scared he didn't want
to go on the ride and his mom is on
honestly but why are you crying this
doesn't even go upside down
I seem to man up and stop being scared
and I'm just like you crazy lady what
you make this ride don't go upside down
what are you lying because we all know
this ride goes upside down because I
went on this ride last year and my large
intestine is still up in my throat
parents who pressure kids to go on rides
stop that ish and seeing it makes me
feel bad and uncomfortable okay because
I used to be one of those kids who was
scared advised when I was younger but
not anymore okay now I want the Swans
all by myself baby cuz I'm the number
four the queue kissers I think the
number one place in life at which
couples annoy me the most is amusement
parks I mean if we're at the movies and
you really need to make out in the back
row as long as you're quiet
I don't really giving it and even
different library conceiving a child I
don't give an F as long as they're not
all over the encyclopedia I need but
when I've been waiting to get on this
ride in line for 40 minutes and you're
in front of me leaning up against the
bar making out I'm gonna get annoying
why why why you ask
let me tell you because the line ahead
of you has moved on to bored or okay and
because of you holding up the line the
rest of us back here are stuck in the
mother F entire pay attention to the
line because there's a huge gap between
you
and the people ahead of you okay this
ain't no board game what are you waiting
to roll dice give your tongue a prick
okay stupor number five the ride or
dyers now this is that group of friends
who are waiting in line together and
insist on riding the ride together
so you know what they do they get two
pairs and then wait all across those
little lines waiting to enter cards and
then they do that whole counting thing
like okay two people in front of me I'm
coming for you I'll give you I got three
people and then they start making all
those adjustments I can hide sorry yeah
you guys can go ahead and I start with
China of all their friends yep you
 start yeah you two can go ahead
of us
I'm standing you're like bro causing all
this commotion okay because we know the
ride is four seconds long and you ain't
gonna get to see each other on the ride
anyways cuz literally you're gonna get
on the ride if you do done exit so why
can't you just all meet at the end so
annoying tune it's the most annoying
thing PS I am totally one of those
people comment below and let me know if
I forgot anyone have you gone to an
amusement park recently and if so what
type of people did you see also if you
wanna check out my last video is my
300th video it is an epic well I think
epic t-shirt wrap if you haven't seen it
I like it so check it on it's right
there also my newest a blog is right
there because I do do daily vlogs now
every single day on my second channel so
make sure check out and subscribe and so
excited the newest episode of the tubes
hottest is ours all over there all in
the corner right there this I cannot
express how obsessed with this series I
have I don't even take my word for it
it's friggin amazing the first challenge
video it's gonna be embrace your style
style child who do you think it's gonna
win
spoiler its me go check it out right
there and make sure you give it a big
thumbs up also make sure you subscribe
why why you ask why good question I make
new videos a Monday
and Thursday until the next one one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
