where in the world is superwoman today a
Toronto home oh I'm home where everyone
it's a girl superwoman and you've been
requesting this video for months and
months and months I mean just look all
the requests if my parents were
youtubers and to be honest if my parents
were youtubers I mean not that they
aren't see what I did there
they probably have way more views and
subscribers than me because they'd be
acting but I think it's fair to say that
they would do things a little bit
differently first off video topics
youtubers these days make so many
different types of videos but I think my
parents will take a slightly different
direction
hello everybody I am when Jeet Singh and
today is mijito Monday Monday the Monday
my name is eat and today is Monday so I
pick up video and today I am talking
about stupid things my kids do hello
Lily where you are going
my ears pierced but Lily darling you
already have so many piercing I don't
understand these days why kids need so
many piercings up but if one day equal
cruiser family want to semper flying
good time and then cruise sick its sake
you were dodging more white because
entire ocean would go inside your body
from all the holes you putting
everywhere you mess with it you try
something but you got brown know what
this God would be like no we have two
men you hold in your face and now going
down hello and welcome to party with
Paramjeet party with Paramjit now Kenya
do admit your fake and today I am doing
a video that you all have requested very
often and that is grocery store haul I'm
so excited I just came back from grocery
store I'm going to show you all the
things I bought number one yogurt you
know joke at very important even though
a stupid child don't eat it yogurt very
important this next item my favorite are
you ready pre-made floaties okay I am
obsessed with these
these rupees are perfection this roti is
my BAE okay because all you have to do
is put it in a microwave heat up you
don't have to do no dole none of this no
making fresh cookie nobody no nobody
care hello and welcome to my kids
reacting to the insurance bill hello and
welcome to my dishwashing tutorial today
I am going to be doing the chubby chump
chump challenge club you chomp drum and
all Apollo's Shh just imagine if my
parents were pranksters okay so I have
hidden cameras everywhere in the kitchen
I'm going to go prank my wife now okay
I'm going to tell it really have
boyfriend and I'm going to show her this
picture a hell of quarantine now I need
to talk to you one second I don't bother
me I go on doing something man
but one second please get me butter
quickly boys forget the part that I have
to talk to you about important Taylor
punch either I know you see every forget
me butter while standing there because
man I can clearly have poison but that's
right that's right I can share boyfriend
I was on Google I searched superwoman
boyfriend what the bloody hell you
talking about just burn I find pictures
I might I'm not showing you wanted mad I
don't want to show you could you play a
joke on me I know you playing job okay
I'm not going talk I promise I swear to
God I find it
show me a fire okay look this might not
in here
I know I know after Prince you identify
this one how long
don't play very few to his name he said
his name Susie smoothie what Susie this
sound like something I clean store with
her never gone in that super super this
but I knew I knew Plato and they hate
you
I am genius genius oh it's so funny
Betty I'm a camera oh oh laughing stupid
not to mention that my parents would
probably have a slightly different
demographic and just imagine what types
of brands would approach them for
endorsements and I predict that my
parents would just be super awkward and
obvious about all their brand deals oh
you really dire today and also very
hungry I'm about to eat my lunch right
now apparently can you please get me one
glass water because you know I love to
drink water with my pearl white angel
rice that's right
I love to have pearl white entered rice
for lunch because I know it have all the
nutrients my body needs that's right
pearl white angel rice for your inner
engine if you want to try some power
white angel eyes lice click the link in
the description for my special mangy
chain discount but anyways I'm going to
eat lunch I'm so hungry I love the rice
the rice is so best nice shortcut that's
right okay the first step is to cut the
Apple just like this you see oh my god
oh my God look at you all and cut myself
oh my god thank God I have stayed buying
life insurance for all of my serious
injuries like a good
beasted Arnaz here you know all those
things youtubers always ask you to do
like like this click this subscribe to
this all those call to actions
just imagine what my parents would say
to get you to do that stuff if you like
some more son then give this video
thumbs up if your kids are also stupid
in thumbs up click Subscribe if you like
rum and coca-cola scribe if you like to
spoon sugar in your tea click subscriber
if you also having back pain comment
below what leave comment what I'm going
to tell you to mummy daddy it you're
smoking and can I be real a lot of of
youtubers have been doing this for years
we know all the tips tricks and glitches
with uploading videos but anyone who's
new to YouTube especially my parents
they might not be so familiar
I don't ready understand it's saying
1,000 people like my video but only 301
you how come you see this system crap
they don't want Indian man getting lots
of you they don't do what you just wait
and see okay I am going to be soft never
saw you do I'm going to have more use
then that boy was a beauty cake do you
want to recommend my jutsu God is asking
me to upload thumbnail they need my
fingerprint every single time and that's
all for now I hope you enjoy this video
and I did justice to the bazillion
bajillion requests you gave me to do it
now let me show you some cool stuff
commence fancy editing my last video got
139,000 thumbs up thank you so much that
is epic if you want to help me beat that
record give this video a big thumbs up
and if you haven't watched that video
yet click right there it's called types
of people at the mall and hopefully
makes you an lo al also make sure you
click right there to check out my brand
new youtube series on I love makeup
channel called the tubes hot it is a
mock reality show and get this I play
for characters it's awesome so make sure
to check it out go to that video comment
below saying superwoman sent you on that
video and I'll jump over there replied
some of your comments but I'm not Daniel
oh my god so many announcements you may
notice that there's video right there
you know what that is it's a vlog and
you may be like what the sure that's why
I have decided to start daily or every
other day we blogging so I'll be
blogging a whole lot my second channel
you can check out my first vlog right
there's actually kind of the making of
this video and what I did today so check
that out
also I'm almost done I promise I have
created something new I'm always trying
to think of new ways to recognize all of
your support and give back to you so I
have decided to create something called
a tweet seat and you might see on this
side of the screen somewhere somewhere
there there's a section showcasing all
of your wonderful tweets to me so all I
gotta do is follow me on Twitter tweet
me and you might see a beautiful face in
the tweet seat because hey you're
important to me I don't want to show you
off and lastly make sure you click that
subscribe button your videos every
Monday and Thursday and you gotta play
here or else I'm just a freak talking to
a camera with just um I'm gonna stop
talking now
well I love superwoman that is a wrap
and I will see you on Thursday for my
300 videos slay I mean look
