hi folks when in the world is superwoman
today eight I'm in the UK just for one
day my hostess L won't come back again
that means London whatever going it's a
girl superwoman and I went on Facebook
today and asked what do your eyeballs
want to see for Super Thursday and a lot
of people commented saying types of
people at the mall or because I'm in
London types of people at the shopping
centre and it look so rad yourself some
popcorn put your feet up and let's lol
are the types of people at the mall leg
up number one
teenage mutant ninja rats now this is
the gang of teenagers that go to the
mall just to hang out not to buy
anything or contribute to the economy in
any way but just stand there or sit
there because apparently that's what
cool people do Shh baby Shh
okay I too was once a teenager I know
how the teenage brain works okay look at
me I'm a rebel okay I got a weird funky
haircut I have a secret boyfriend I got
a tattoo my parents don't even know
about it I'm a rebel I'm crazy so what
I'm going to do what am I to do I'm
gonna go to the mall baby cuz I'm a thug
it's someone using that when you're a
teenager that thought process makes
sense look at me no one can control me
I'm gonna skip class you know what
because I'm gonna go sit outside
forever21 Bay because I'm a dad
that's right young teenybopper your
thumb you didn't choose the thug life
the thug life chose you and I don't know
if I'm just old or from being judgmental
if I am a really sort but when I see
these groups of teenagers now it
stretches me okay the other day I saw a
group of like four guys and three girls
they're being loud and loitering and I
was like oh my god they're doing drugs
they're doing drugs you're ruining your
life probably know they could have been
there for some dad Cinnabons number two
kiosk koalas this is the Koala you ever
be at the mall you just have no grand
ole time you know in your personal space
enjoying yourself to trend and Lendl out
through the mall and then up ahead you
see a kiosk and suddenly you're
overtaken by stress and panic
at that kiosk some person is giving out
free samples away trying to get you
decided for a credit card you like using
blue then now for me this person is the
most stressful thing of life to me I
will do whatever I can to avoid that
situation I'm just pulling on my phone
texting faint phone call
yeah I'm at the mall yeah where are you
already doing or I'll do the classic
detour up side walking walking walking
heels heels okay walking walking no I
get tense roll I get tense if you're
this person just try to show me a new
credit card and not pretending that
there's an exorcism going around techno
with the power of Christ I refuse your
application with the power of Christ and
straight up I become a jerk I pretend
like the person's not even there in any
other situation I would never ignore
another human being but in this
situation I'm sick huh what but in my
defense you know why right because once
you talk to the knife that noon then
we'll cut while on your bumper cut and
never let go
let me show you another thing but that's
not all let me tell you something else
and for a limited time nothing that's
not nothing like that getting a member
that yeah and that's it before you know
what the malls closed you didn't get any
of the things you need to buy but
instead you're gonna go home with ten
boxes of Proactiv thank you a good night
number three the fails associate now
this is the sales associate that's just
an utter fail because they're useless
you walk into the store you can tell
they don't care about their job they
don't want to help you they don't care
about the brand they want to do their
nine-to-five and not giving it okay they
don't care about the party you need to
go to the dress you need and half life
need your booty to look how do they do
you have anymore sizes in the back no
just whatever is out here do you're
gonna get any in no this is coming any
other styles I don't think so
like why are you here why are you not
just replaced by an automated system
oh oh and you know what the worst is the
worst is when you're like hi do you have
a shirt and right in the person saw like
no and then I'm like oh okay sadness and
then I take three point four steps this
way and what do I see
structured in red
trait a plane disrespecting me no I'm
trying to knock like a balloon bouquet
look at my complexion look at my
complexion I can't be wearing no orange
okay I out here trying to look like a
carrot fine okay so I asked them for a
red shirt help a sister out okay because
I'm trying to look like the sexy red
dancer emoji on the iPhone I'm sorry if
you don't like your job okay but I'm out
here trying to take some nice selfies
and if you ain't with me you're against
me number four the overachieving sales
associate now I've spoken about this
before but I'm gonna speak about it
again
because it's such an important issue
it's you you haven't welcomed to a store
and instantaneously the sales associate
is riding your bum and force feeding you
all the promotion's
hi welcome to blue nose to let you know
everything in the store is buy one get
the second half off except for in jeans
and jeggings but that doesn't include
our bootylicious collection and all of
our sweaters are 3 4 70 of our socks are
also for 425 here any questions let me
know like what the heck is this school
why am i obtaining so much information
right now do you don't really think I'm
gonna remember all of this and this get
super awkward for me because I have to
pretend like I'm paying attention when
really in my brain I'm thinking please
the over please please stop feeding so I
can quickly walk away and so I end up
looking like hi welcome to blue nose to
let you know everything in the store is
buy one get the second half off except
for jeans and jeggings but that doesn't
include our bootylicious collection and
all of our sweaters are 3 4 70 oh and
then after that they just keep bugging
you hi did you need help with a size oh
did you want me to start a change over
you I love that sweater on you and then
I just like girl listen ok I got them
all right now for some mean time okay so
I can get your clothes and your dressing
room try them on take some selfies dance
around and buy my problems away you up
in here trying to exchange friendship
bracelets and I ain't having it ok so
either leave me alone and I will give
you that commission or you keep
bothering me and when I go to the
cashier I'm gonna say no she did not
help me because she was too busy
sniffing some crap with the mannequins
Jackie um number 5 the old friend
now without fail every once in a while
they're gonna go to the mall and you're
gonna in the distance fought an old
friend you're gonna be like gee golly is
that Timmy I remember to me from when I
was young
oh we had so many great times Timmy and
I I wonder how his brother is all let's
walk towards Timmy
good old Timmy and pull out my cell
phone and a boy came in hopes that he
doesn't see me because I don't want to
talk to this person right now okay so
I'm gonna test and hope that they don't
see me when they walk by I'm like you
look great and thank you to me for also
avoiding me because I know you saw me
and I'm okay with that because now we
can both live anti socially ever after
number five or something I don't really
know what number it is but the Sergei is
doing it ha I saw his next when you go
to the mall to relax and then you get a
free show included and my free show I
mean the family who decides it's a great
idea to bring their two year old their
one-year-old and their five-year-old
niece on a shopping trip you guys must
be real it's just a matter of time
before everything goes out of control
they're all walking full housing and
then all of a sudden you pass by a toy
store that's it I want that I want that
do not put that in you're welcome man
yeah hi sorry Mindy I'll call you back
your behavior now honestly George can
you help me for once I told you I'm like
that poem banzi me yeah gasps do not hit
your brother young man one two do you
want a timeout I'm leaving I'm not going
on dad is going mom you're getting a
left at the mall two point five and I'm
just sitting on a bench over there like
and don't think just because I'm using
names like Nancy and George I'm being
racist because I'm not okay it's just
known that white parents have a bit more
patience in these situations than brown
parents like straight up when I was
younger if I had a temper time to matter
no we're just in front of target my face
would be the target on my mom slippers I
cut off white kids be crying because
then you get a $20 spider-man figurine
free and brown can just be like a whole
momma drop a quarter in that candy
she coming up on me please anyways
that's all for now I hope you like this
video if you did make sure to give it a
big thumbs up let's try to break a
record let's see how many thumbs up we
can get so click thumbs up and then
we'll try to beat it with the next video
also comment below if you think I forgot
any type of person you see at the mall
also before I go I do want to say thank
you so much for being so patient with me
I know over the past few weeks I've been
very all over the place with my upload
schedule I've been traveling so much and
I've been getting really really sick so
I haven't always uploaded on Black
Monday and upload on a Thursday back
when and upload so I wanna say thank you
so much for patience and I'm really
sorry I am going back home tomorrow so
hopefully my upload schedule be back on
track and not needed because I like the
ADIZ
focus if you like these videos make sure
you click the subscribe button because I
do make new videos every Monday and
Thursday until the next one one love
superwoman that is a wrap and so
number one step two be good parent you
have to make sure your kid scared of you
you need to have good scary face but
when your kid do something stupid you
only have to say nothing you just look
at them and they start studying like
this
