I don't know if this recording my two
eyes do like this one I told you today
punch it boss my jay-z shot today in
video I want to wear my jay-z shot okay
because I want to be cool not fool
everybody see the shirt they thinking oh
no oh really they only have one shirt
you want to make me look stupid I know I
know
shut up okay by being stupid we know
everybody watch me because of me okay
your shirt no know how I'm supposed to
do what up t-shirt reference with this
data you never listen to me I hate you
oh hello
why'd you fall eating in front of
Internet Hydra everybody wants to fight
you telling everybody our business hat
mmm
I'm going to edit this part okay this
part won't be in video hello hello
everybody tell everybody hey when do you
think sent the Guard Sector 17 so Lily
still being bloody useless and today she
in Rome so she called me can you say
mummy can you please make video for
super Thursday so we go on her Facebook
and we ask but you are born to see and
people comment saying type of selfie but
then we realize that we don't know how
to take selfie so we decided we not
going to listen to you because the
parents and we know better so today
we're going to make very good tutorial
called how to be good parents you know
me you are indeed have lots of
experience being good parents you know
we have two doctors and although I know
leave me some time on other daughter
great chef master degree you know she
bone doctor so I like to think I am
expert in this matter so just in case
yours mummy daddy thinking oh my god I
don't know how to be good parents like
ladies parents don't worry you're going
to teach you go call them right now
they come they watch video with you you
all learn together god I great yet you
go call them go go go go lady
come on for you in me cousin hello how
are you
mummy daddy yet how are the kids they
good bigger this stupid ha hello hello
hello mummy Red Hill aye I know what
you're thinking are you watching pirate
of the Caribbean no I am NOT joining
there I am when
that's okay everybody get confused okay
number one step to be good parent you
have to make sure your kid scared of you
you need to have good scary face but
when your kid do something stupid you
don't even have to say nothing you just
look at them and they start studying
like this they fail their test this
wearing dead talking back to you
they insulting Amitabha turn number two
you know these days girls and boys
always talking and having babies you
need to stop this right away as soon as
they bought you teach them girls and
boys have rabies
okay and if you hold hands and kiss then
you go to die the only time you will not
die if you hold hand or kiss is when you
get made okay and when is that when
mummy daddy say when you get married
this make you immune to the rabies
number three we all know that if you
penned that means you always write
because you perfect okay
we come to this country to give our kids
good education bright future but we have
to make sure they don't get too carried
away okay if I wasn't allowed to be
single then my daughter cannot be single
okay we have to make sure we give our
kid same rules we have to make sure they
turn out perfect like us number four
yeah kids these day this damn crazy idea
but what a job they want and sometimes
they sitting there they'd a superstar
I'm going to be a movie and as parents
you have to said no don't do it
okay you have to teach them but real job
is you tell them darling you can do
whatever you want get doctor lawyer
accountant
these are real jobs because as
mummy-daddy it is your job to make sure
your kid is not dreaming in the cloud no
no no no no okay and instead they're
doing the mats on the earth number five
the most important important part of
being parent is to make sure everybody
else know how good our family is
sometimes this means you have to make
sacrifices okay sometimes this means you
have to lie about who you are you have
to do something to fit in maybe you are
happy but that's okay okay because first
priority always what other people
thinking because true happiness is
impressing every auntie uncle and
neighbor number six it is very important
as parent to give your kid goals okay
something to work towards to improve
themselves okay so very important that
you compare them to other kids
do you mind because it is not good to be
stupid and suck and you must remind them
of this would look pretty what she did
oh look below what she did all over P
but he did you must remind them number
seven if your kids do not get 100% on
every single test you ground them number
eight to be good parent you must always
always watch the news and you must
repeat this news to look child why
because everything you hear on the news
is true go give cancer in downtown
everybody shooting everybody else
Facebook give you height restaurant and
it is my duty to remind my kids these
facts thank you very much I hope this
helped you we are here to help we want
to make the world a better place
okay okay that's all for now maybe this
part more not know believed you like
video game a part to you let us know you
comment below make sure you give it your
bigger thumbs up not a small cup of
burgers huh Bob and make sure you click
Subscribe because you really mundane
already birthday also make sure to
follow me on twitter follow me on
twitter follow me on twitter follow me
on twitter also lastly make sure you
follow me on twitter for
unprinted follow me on twitter follow me
on twitter
okay bye love super done video you too
bye what is your username and password
why - asking me this huh is much what is
all information office do you fit you're
asking me to login love you whoopee
