hello everyone hello hello hello yes
today Lille in France
Bojo hello so today we decide we going
to make super Monday video
so today we making super Monday video
huh but I don't even know what just
Monday we oh no no super Monday video
we're going to do a quarter Q a video
this means answering your question you
asked us on Twitter if you don't know
yet
me and my wife have put her countenance
you not following us and you need to
follow you know why you need to follow
me because I want more follower than
Justin Bieber
okay let's start everybody answering
your cue okay CD start your starting now
please record it's loading check check
check check one two three good okay okay
what is your username and password but
you asked me me this huh this much what
is all information off it do you feel
prettier asking me to login look you
whoopee okay first question
he mentions with you mentioning your do
questioning me wait high tech how it
feel having daughter like Lily put you
mean how to feel it feels like every a
bloody kid you have you cracked in nine
months you give what's long painful but
what I supposed to do have party it feel
like I mother stupid okay oh no don't
you can even though you can't see them
does Lily like cats or dogs really like
our stupid things
what are five things you hate about Lily
blur yeah five things how can you want
makeup or not let never clean her room
never do dishes make stupid video make
so much noise always sleeping late you
won't be there 20 things I name party
thing you ever seen
when she make roti am i don't you look
like this round get round beautiful hot
dog do you collect look-alike India on a
map your daughter is so hard
boy hello this is not question okay my
daughter not far see very good okay if
you had to choose one you too but to be
your dog that besides Lil who would you
pick
Liu this good question you know I would
pick that girl then Jenna Marvel I like
her I think she very cool look you're
purple purple hair purple hair so cool
oh I know I know and I would pick
Pauline balling girl that's right
because she nice she's pretty guard not
like that Miranda girl hater
are you a gamer what do you mean gamer
I'm a game I'm human I'm N but I'm
people what is your favorite song at the
current moment oh oh I know it's
something I like I love this song
I am so fancy ku - ku dad bottom sheet
in the house who rat poo - bottom geez
in the house I am so fancy that's right
oh I like Justin Bieber new song you
know the break oh baby baby baby oh
seeing baby baby baby no saying baby
baby baby go into my heart
what did you two do on your honeymoon
you know we meet for the second time
yeah what is the most annoying thing
Lily does at home Lily takes such a long
shower I'm talking to our shower she
take entire ocean empty fish dying
because we did shower she taking so many
picture in the mirror every single day
what the bloody has your booth on Patrol
but be five different for the best
that's right
you know Little Mermaid Free Willy
Nemo they are dead because let you take
shower okay I am tired now we are done
answering your question thank you so
much for asking us your stupid question
on Twitter a very nice question
very nice questions on children if you
don't do yet Mitchell you follow me and
Manjeet on Twitter we go to put
information somewhere here like this
you're going to write go to use program
we go to write information make sure you
follow us okay okay everybody thank you
very much for watching when jeet sings
and legal sector 17 I take a dance it
all also make sure you gave video big
thumbs up
I'm checking do it I'm going to it and I
do it that okay got okay make sure you
also comment below leave comments leg
over this video very nice I liked this
video you want video like this also make
sure you hit subscribe button because we
making you be every Monday and Thursday
again and I think you should be watching
it one OK to peace superwoman superwoman
bye goodbye
