okay nobody sit beside me come on please
please remove the lower cushion and
figure arms through the straps found on
the offensive I like this is located
under the sea
or in an apartment between pison excuse
me yeah and in peanuts yeah
but leaving here one less problem
without you I got one less part on June
I'm gonna start open I fly like Peppa
get high like planes what up situation
reference excuse me can I get to my
water please Thanks
yeah sorry excuse me I need to pee yeah
I'm sorry hey get one more glass of
water I hate to do this you gotta pee hi
sorry
can I get some water guess what time it
is we go
all right time to get some work done
don't check how much time is left
don't check how much time is left 10
hours no long wait
do I still have my passport oh my god
where's my passport wait this is going
to Barcelona right Wi-Fi on this plane I
started which is my phone this is just
where my Wi-Fi is not working he
watching did he find that
what if everyone it's a girl Superman I
hope you enjoyed that video I can't hear
anything but I'm in Barcelona and I'm so
excited
shoutouts to Kentucky for taking me on a
wicked adventure across Europe and if
you don't know what I'm talking about I
did something similar with Thailand
check out right here for my Thailand
vlogs I'm used to do the Black Diamond
I'll be doing the exact same thing for
Europe and I'm so excited
Barcelona first stop make sure you rate
comments and click Subscribe and most
importantly make sure you click the
thumbs up because know how hard it was
to shoot a video on a plane click the
thumbs up I'll see you on what is it
Monday Thursday Thursday come in a time
warp
goodbye
