I'm a living thing and you're a living
thing that's hug it's that simple world
what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman and it doesn't matter if
you're a girl a boy a man or a woman
you've had a crush at some point in your
life and crushes are so interesting you
know because they're still
uncontrollable so unexpected and most
importantly so I know I yang just like
what why don't you love me tell me baby
where to meet me don't say Oh nan is not
right right right now so grab yourself
some popcorn as I go through the types
of crushes first up celebrity crushes
this is literally the story of my life
like straight up I should make a 1d
parody right now the story of my life
are always stuck I walk all night to
meet the rock one time please follow me
story omastar iam and sing all 1d fans
out there come blow sang buddies trucks
outside being so mu Brock trying to make
videos trying to make movies and all
y'all trucks driving around like you own
the place
oh wait that's my heater back to the
video now growing up my celebrity
questions were obviously one of the rock
- Omar Ian from b2k and 3aj from the
Backstreet Boys but if you think about
it celebrity crushes are like some of
the most deranged things on the planet
because when I was 13 I legitimately was
convinced that I would marry a Jew from
the Backstreet Boys and to be honest it
thoroughly upset me one of these other
13 year old would walk around my
school acting like they we're gonna
marry Asia because kaizo you not see all
these posters up in my room do not see
that my shirt says backstreet girls mrs.
agent because I own that limited edition
BSB VHS and cassette tape and I'm pretty
sure my binder says l plus a so going
into back to a pop again or else we
gonna have to meet up in monkey bars
later on but at least the good news is
that eventually we grow out of celebrity
crushes Jay
exhibit a winky face that's right we're
basically at second base which means all
you other rock climbers need to back it
up okay because he is laying the
smackdown on moi you like the smell of
that cooking huh
up next the sexy stranger now you ever
see someone so hot that you just stop
what you're doing you're like yeah girl
what's up
he was then the sexy stranger or someone
you know but like kind of don't know at
the same time for example you never
spoken to them but you always run into
them at the bank and you don't know
anything about them but maybe they work
in the same building as you you don't
even know this person I mean they could
be a serial killer for all you know but
that doesn't stop you from being totally
irrational like I wonder what its gonna
be like when we cuddle oh yeah that's
what our first date will be like our
first fight is gonna be so cute and to
be honest it's the most shallow type of
crush because it's solely based on how
the person looks so shallow and let me
break it down for you okay this could go
one of two ways number one is you take a
step into the shallow end and you
realize hey this person not only looks
great but is a great individual inside
so you walk into the deep end and you
begin to swim or number two you dive
right into the shallow end realize the
person who douchebag and split your
skull open on the bottom of the pool
don't you see the no diving sighs now if
you're in this situation I suggest you
just do what I do okay creepily snapchat
pictures and send them to your friends
with captured damn why you do this the
never mind crush now diving headfirst
into the deep end to get your head off
rock off will lead to be never mind
crush I remember I had this crush on one
dude in high school I thought he was so
cute like straight up every time he was
around I turned into mother F and Ryan
Higa
until one day I got the confidence to
walk through so I go up to him and I
start talking and this guy has the
biggest ego in the world and instantly
my crush died and my feelings related
never mind
our bad it was terrible it's traumatic
honestly this is what I get for cheating
on AJ I'm so sorry
the forbidden crush now here is where
the whole aspect of uncontrollable miss
is missus comes in crushing this is when
you have a crush on someone that is off
limits for example your siblings best
friend or your best friend's boyfriend
or girlfriend or that really hot science
teacher someone you can't be with and
for them it's cool it's like nothing's
going on because they don't even know
that you're crushing on them but you oh
no for you every day is like a
Shakespeare play you're just standing
there like my pantaloons are descending
way out though it is the worst
because your best your your crusher over
there making out and you're standing
over here like the girl crush slash man
crush now these are the people we crush
on regardless of their sex because let's
be real it doesn't matter if you have a
pin or a vajayjay everybody wants to
bang Beyonce it doesn't matter if you're
straight or a lesbian or a gay dude you
wanna bang Beyonce SNL I know koalas
that wanna bang Beyonce because some
people are just universal crushes for
example doesn't matter if you're a girl
or a guy you want to make out with
Shakira because let's be real both hips
don't lie and I feel like girls check
out girls all the time so they easily
admit when they have a girl crush but
some dudes have a hard time admitting
they have man crushes and I believe that
they do so you know what let's do an
experiment right now I want to know
which one of you met is mad enough to
comment below letting me know who your
man crushes dick dick dick dick keyboard
dead comment below
man crush with booty you want to
accidentally brush just by mistake the
vacay Bay now this is the person you
meet while you're on vacation you know
on the beach at the resort even though
all logic is telling you this will only
last a week and this is in real life
that doesn't stop you I mean come on
there's an infinity pool okay you look
hot every night of a vacation and
there's an open bar who does know a
fling and chances are that neither of
you are acting like your full complete
self on this vacation because girl let's
be real you do not shave your legs this
many times when you're at home and boy
you don't dress this cute on the rags
but hey the situation is perfect and
it's our last night here let's just
pretend like we've known each other our
entire life happy Anniversary baby
so like yo keep in touch right add me on
Facebook VI I didn't add me oh yeah I'd
yell at each other on Facebook yeah yeah
look even Dutch
a spring break will break your heart
look at me I'm like an effing vending
machine just giving up gosh look at me
giving on all the crushes if you liked
this video make sure you give it a big
thumbs up because your bet ish counts
also comment below and let me know if I
missed any types of crushes or if you're
crushing on someone that we should know
about and last but definitely not least
make sure you click that subscribe
button because I do make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and it's free
it's free until the next one one love
superwoman that is a wrap and yo I hope
you enjoyed that video if you did check
out what to do click my last video right
there also I have a cool announcement I
have a small room in the feature film
that's coming up you I'm not gonna tell
you about it
throw in the clip the guys up Kunal
Nayyar and I'm releasing a case
superwoman dumb catch a movie dr. cabbie
coming to you soon featuring this
handsome guy right here I'm this
handsome guy right here too so
