where in the world is superwoman today
eight back in LA and I've had such an
exhausting long frustrating day I had my
livestream not bring a video and I'm
sorry I'm just tired and my Facebook's
the time tonight
it just wouldn't sleep but it doesn't
matter because it's super Monday and I
thought I'm not gonna bail on super
Monday I'm gonna make a quick video that
hopefully makes you laugh it's actually
based on a true story because I myself
say a lot of things to people but I
actually mean something else and I
really want to know if this is just me
or can you all relate so I'm gonna tell
you things people say and what they
actually mean hell numerously
I am going to literally scroll through
my entire Instagram feed okay then I
want to get all of the images on the
popular page stalk all of those people
and follow everyone I think is hot then
I'm gonna go through all of my Twitter
at mentions and scroll through my entire
tumblr feed basically I'm sleeping in
four hours oh my god was so much traffic
I think it was an accident okay bro let
me break it down for you okay straight
up I slept in okay my alarm went off I
heard it I turned it off and went off
again I heard it and I click snooze 12
times I knew I was gonna be late but I
chose to sleep because I was tired and
now here I am and I'm here and you're
looking at me let's just get over it oh
sorry I missed your call I was in the
middle of something I'm in the middle of
nothing literally nothing I just don't
want to talk to you right now so I'm
gonna send you a text and convince you
that I'm so busy that this conversation
needs to happen via text when really I'm
lying down watching TV and eating
Cheetos I honestly can't today I have so
much stuff to do I'm so busy yo I can't
chill today I'm gonna be too busy making
to-do lists posting statuses on Facebook
about how busy I am tweeting work hard
coats and taking breaks I'm not gonna
get any work done but I'm gonna be busy
doing all the stuff you're supposed to
do before you work it's not you it's me
it's not you it's me
it's me not liking you because of who
you are yo let's have a study work
session okay let's all bring all of our
work into one common location and then
we'll order so much food
yeah we'll even get like a whiteboard
and some of those
parker's yeah and we'll just pretend
like we're gonna be really productive
when really we're just gonna talk and
eat while holding pens I promise I won't
tell anyone
dude I promise I won't tell anyone
except my boyfriend my bestie my mom and
my sister but that doesn't count because
they're basically like me it's basically
if you're telling me you're practically
telling him oh my god I was totally
kidding oh my god I was totally not
kidding but I thought like we had a
thing going on here well I say something
honest and then you say something honest
like there's no hard feelings then we're
just all being truthful and stuff but
you just reacted in a way that I didn't
think you would react oh that's it I'm
gonna start working out I just watched a
Beyonce music video and I really need to
get it together okay because let's be
real if I was in the partition music
video I would not be doing no sexual
yoga poses all on that chair okay I
would be sitting on that chair eating
cake while watching Netflix hey let's
grab coffee one day okay let's be real
we are never grabbing coffee okay I'm
not gonna see you for another seven
years and I'm okay with that best of
luck in your life dude I'm not just
saying this because I've had a few
drinks you are a great person no I feel
like I don't say this to enough I really
appreciate you yeah I'm cool and I like
you but you know what likes you even
more right now vodka
lol yeah I got your message but I got
nothing to say
and so I said lol but I'm not laughing
out loud to be honest I mean smile okay
dude I'm actually like a pretty good
cook
I made mac and cheese last night okay
and it was freakin amazing yeah I hear
you yeah I hear the words you're saying
but I'm not gonna actually listen or
attempt to understand you because you're
an idiot interesting I don't know how to
respond to this conversation I don't
know what you're talking about I don't
care what you're talking about but I
don't want to sound stupid so hi
interesting oh this tastes really
different what the f am i eating this
tastes like piss hole and there's no way
in hell I'm finishing the whole thing
with all due respect I'm being this in
the rudest most disrespectful way and I
hope that it burns you mother effing
soul oh you look tired
bro you look like crap but honestly like
the crap that comes out of my butthole
why do you think you could leave the
house like this
oh it's actually for a friend and that
friend is me okay because there is no
friend
I'm asking for me I'm just too
embarrassed to ask so I make up a
pathetic friend why because I am cool as
f that's what I meant
friend what you said sound way better
than what I said so I'm gonna take
credit immediately so that we can just
forget about the stupid thing I just
said is this just me do I only do this
do you do any of these things if you are
guilty of saying and meaning any of the
things I mentioned click the links in
the description to share this video on
Facebook and Twitter because I need to
know if I need some sort of counseling
or therapy anyways I am so sleepy
because the Nene monsters here oh yeah
so I'm gonna get to bed thank you so
much for watching this video I really
truly appreciate and I hope it kind of
made you chuckle and stuff make sure you
rate comment and click that subscribe
button because I do make new videos
every Monday and Thursday because yeah
the nice thing to do and you should be
nice because nice people get kisses
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
yo hope you enjoyed that video if you
did you can click right there to check
out my last video also announcement my
parents got Twitter that's right if you
want to follow my parents on Twitter
this is their information you can go
ahead and do that because apparently
this is happening in real life also I
know I've said it a million times
happens date a million Y times because
because I want to support things that I
am proud of if you want to go grab my
new track called lat iTunes the link is
in the description so go ahead and do
that because we have a really cool
contest going on and all the information
is also in the description not acting
really weird because I'm really tired
and I'm gonna stop speaking cuz I want
to go there and sleep did you see my fat
baby yeah
