when I broke everything and then I
ruined everything because I broke it
sorry I don't know what happened I don't
know sis a Wi-Fi in the apartment the
disconnection that just think the thing
disconnected from the same thing and the
thing but I'm back and I just I don't
I'm sorry can you hear me and see me let
me know again and let people know this
is the new link because this is the new
link and now I gotta redo everything
every time but it's ok because worse
things have happened and we remain
positive right um let me just double
check I love you David rep rep rep rep
prepara bla bla bla bla bla
can you see me can you hear me can can
all that stuff happen umm umm umm can
you hear me can you see me can hear me
can you see me can you hear me can you
see
oh wait I'm looking at your screen you
guys are like 45 seconds behind right
now still so it's really awkward well I
think you can see me I think so yeah
because as viewers OC yeah actually no
what I just spent the day just learning
how YouTube live works because I owe ya
see there I okay yeah okay so I make
basically what happened is y'all broke
the Internet
we're already training in Canada amazing
things have happened and you broke the
internet you broke my internet basically
is what happened here so yeah yeah okay
so now we got to let everyone know in
the old livestream that there's a new
link so a few teams Superman little
troopers could tweet and Facebook and
latwon and the old stream know that
there's a new stream and this is the
link that will be much appreciated thank
you so much and very much so appreciate
it and very sorry for the inconvenience
it's not my fault blame the internet man
the internet man is what you need to
blame anyways as I was saying that video
nasty one live already trending in
Canada and that's freaking phenomenal
thank you so so so much and now I'm
gonna change my trends to worldwide
because I already know that y'all gonna
make it happen I already know and Drake
is also trending worldwide so like to
Toronto people trending worldwide ain't
nobody mad about that I'm gonna continue
answering your questions you know the
drugs are just joining
a scoop on life happens on 14th of every
month what you do is tweet the hashtag
left video - I I superwoman I I it's
right there it's right there and if you
want to join more people to this party
and tell them hey come party with us the
URL at the top right there just treat it
on Facebook if I had to tell people to
join us tell people to join us we got I
don't know hundred people here because
now everything is frozen and bad but you
know the problem is I have too many
things open or something cuz
everything's crazy right now
but I'm not gonna I'm not gonna touch it
because that that's a bad thing to do
I'm not gonna do that I'm not gonna do
that right right I shouldn't do it right
why am i doing it again Foreman I'm
trying to find all the people here okay
nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah okay
okay okay that's fine I'm gonna go here
I'm sorry I know so 9 shame for you to
watch but I mean I'll come poeple now
because the stupid internet man and his
stupid stupid things and just yeah okay
I promised your seconds media manager
the clips yeah shoots me a little of
that oh no oh no live events oh my god
you think I would know how to use
YouTube it I'm just so ridiculous okay
got it
2500 you're watching right up finally I
figured it out 2500 you're watching
right now I try to get all the people
back from the old livestream here I'm
gonna continue answer your questions
giving you shoutouts up your friend our
baby an hour okay and I'm answering your
questions now are you planning on
getting any other piercings and tattoos
asks Jolin
yes actually I want to get another time
- very very soon I just I think the
hardest part of getting a tattoo is
throwout where you want to put it that's
all it is so I thought they're gonna
talk to within like the next month to be
honest I'll keep you posted
I'll keep you posted um yum asks are you
coming to the UK before the end of the
year actually yes later on this month
I'm going on a Europe tour
and I am gonna go to Rome Barcelona and
London so yeah I will be and I'll tell
you a little bit more about that in just
a second
yeah Sasha asks can i get a shoutout yes
Sasha shoutout
are you ever gonna come to Dubai Dubai
can I just tell you the amount of tweets
I get from Dubai
you're all so supportive and I see and I
recognize it I'm trying my best to come
I'm trying my best to get an event or
something in Dubai so if you know any
promoters call them up and be like yo yo
we want Superman here also I know my
merch doesn't come to Dubai I get a
bajillion tweets about this I'm working
on it I'm working on it Dubai I
recognize and I see you don't worry
about it I'm on it um which one of your
snapbacks is your favorite asks Paige
McFarland oh I think what my favorite
synaptics would be the one humpable the
Pol Pot me that says unicorn breath or
the one that says boss I like that one
that says boss it's the red and black
one and digs it and my all-time favorite
is just my simple black super snapback
available unicorn island on CA what
happens to a penis plug a sweet key
please come and keep these questions
coming lavender calm as the hashtag I'm
gonna give you a shuttle I'm gonna give
you a virtual kiss
I'm answer your question yes sir all
right Claire says this isn't a question
I just wanna say I love your face Claire
I love your face if this was your face I
always go home and hate you because I
like your face so damn much girl that's
right okie-dokie you've got 2,800 people
here watching I'm going to tweet this
issue out again because I broke it the
first time and I'm a bad person because
I broke the Internet I'm giving you
shout outs shout outs lie shout out
shout out live Jen yeah I'm so freaking
weird yeah mate Rob blue blood my phone
is just exploding exploding because of
all the fan pages I follow because I
freaking love you
okay let's talk about how you can win
the first shout out shall we
so it says listen you make me smile
I want to write you see you right there
I want to write your name here
because you make me smile but I need to
know which name to write i'ma tell you
what to do hop on over to Facebook
let's do Facebook first are over to
facebook my facebook fanpage link is in
the description facebook.com slash III
superwoman I head on over there right
now
head on over there I'm an opposed to
status all you gotta do is share it and
I'm gonna give you a shout out it's that
it's just so simple it's not Angela it's
not physics so simple here I'm a writer
right now just give me two seconds win a
live shout out just whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa give me one second give
me one second my computer doing many
things and we don't want to you don't
want to bully it into doing more things
because it's all you're gonna freaking
pass that out here we go
okay you go I'm writing the status live
in Japan I'm in them
I'm actually I'm just showing you in
vanilla butter no it is in also an
animal they look okay big leap
ba-ba-ba-ba
okay got it there you go
so it says win a live shot oh just share
my new music gonna share that status
very very simple and I'm gonna pick
someone shares it and I'm going to get
my shadow it's that simple
I let that simmer for about five six
seven minutes okay the meantime I'm like
jump back on Twitter and I got three
shuttles in total to give away plus look
at all these announcements all these
announcements look at all these
announcements a thing
I need to tell you that Jing that's
right because I love you
unicorns what up t-shirt reference
that's right that's right okay let's go
back on twitter twitter twitter by the
way if in lab video or ask Superman live
is trending wherever you're from please
take a screenshot and send it to us to
ask me and all my friends your send it
to me because I like to do that kind of
stuff I love it I love it
okie dokie more questions good I'm so
pumped today I don't know why cuz
there's three thousand of you here and
I'm sitting here and you're sitting
there and it's just it's like we're
having a party
we're having a party right now that's
what's happening okay so would you dye
your hair pink or any other color asks
Julia I have the biggest desire after
actually seeing jennamarbles there
because she dyed her purple I want to
dye my hair pink like my complete head
Pig having said that I don't have the
balls
nobody's to do that so I'm just gonna
like wear a wig or like wear extensions
I've never dyed my hair in my life but I
think colorful hair is the coolest
freakin thing ever ever okie dokie
what's the next question
Conchita asks do you love your tamil
fans can you please shout out my name
Gunja thought I hope I said your name
right shuts you out of course I'm on my
Tamil folks I love all my fans
regardless of where they're from but
having said that I also like to learn
about different cultures and languages
so that I can connect to the more so you
all my telling people wanna come
a-knockin and me would be editing or
non-roma Carla Karen and ish Brava
already that's right we love you Connor
asks we love yo Ghana if you could
change your name to anything what would
it be I rather like my name because I
rather like my name because it's
different I don't know a lot of any
people have any million really is my
absolute full name so it's not like
million they're pretty already knows
that um the name I really like though
and I don't know if it's just because I
love the purse
I really really like the name Aliyah I
think that name is very pretty well look
like a Thalia what do you say let me
know comment below also if you're just
joining us and you're like what the
bumbaclot bridge it is happening you're
watching ask super well not with your
girl superwoman you should know that
because use on my channel and like use
on my channel with which what you should
know what's going on 14th of every month
I answer your questions that give you
live shadows today is a very special
episode because it is left
steamed hashtag left let me tell you on
that note of how you can win some free
stuff I'm gonna tell you right right
right now you see this you see this this
is a last shirt let my new music video
humble the poet is called left and we
all were these shirts in the video now
they're on sale for a certain amount of
time but now they're gone they're not on
sale you cannot get it you cannot get
this shirt ever again except for right
now because I'm going to tell you how we
have a contest going on called the last
Southie contest and it's real simple all
you gotta do is go on iTunes drunk $0.99
like a stop by the iTunes song don't be
looking at me like disco watch me just
spend 99 I know you'll be spending $4.99
freaking upsizing your McDonald's comp
don't even try to play like 99 cents
it's some sort of big thing okay
freaking I'm asking you for your
firstborn child I'm asking you to pour a
homegrown unbias on for 99 cents okay go
on iTunes by the song for 99 cents
because it's a mother effing song that
what you're gonna do is you're gonna
take a selfie of yourself that means
with your face showing listing into the
song you might be wondering how am I
going to take a selfie with my phone if
I'm listening to it on my phone great
question this is why you should grab
your friend
grab your mom grab your dad around every
month that from person was a phone which
is everyone and be like okay let's take
a selfie together listening to the song
then you gotta use the hashtag lat
and last selfie okay and and tag it up
and we're gonna pick winners and what
you're gonna win is not just this shirt
not just this shirt 15 you're gonna win
a signed shirt from myself
and humble the poet which hopefully one
day will be with more than 99 cents so
you know what you make the decision you
make the decision I'm gonna go down in
history as being the most ridiculous
person to ever grace the Internet
you won't want my autograph okay so
spend a 99-cent let me show you an
example of the situation okay breakdown
for you see how they're introduced
selfie listening to the song that's what
you want to do you have one week to do
this because the content is from the
14th which is today depending on which
part of the world you're in a 9 to 15
in which case it's late and you should
go to sleep is going until the 21st so
take your selfies
buy and sell do that thing and I'm gonna
send y'all some free shirts if you win
how does that sound
do you like that of course you more than
like that I'm super ghetto today I guess
I'm sorry I don't love you I love you
but that situation selfie contest last
selfie contest make sure it does it I'm
gonna jump on Facebook to see who I'm
giving this first shout-out to ay ay ay
ay ay ay ay as a conference is when
before wolves they broke something again
which part of the world you oh wait oh
oh wait I think I failed everything haha
this is really awkward this is really
awkward because I actually never posted
the status Oh
the stylist imposed today it's just one
of those days you know today is just one
of those days I'm gonna post the status
now so are you mad at me
I do mad at me what I'll answer if I
train you another one called la woman a
minimun a minim it's uh uh I don't know
how this happened and you know the funny
thing is y'all are probably tweeting me
non-stop be like you friggin do shit you
in post ads and I just probably was like
hey man you're not forgetting to think
that the point is I just posted it with
a live shadow by sharing i'ma let that
simmer for five more minutes
my most dearest and sincerest apologies
philia my hot mother finesse um so yeah
anyways I get to answer more Twitter
questions um what's my favorite song at
the moment asks rich Iike oh my favorite
song I've - one is chandelier by SIA
that n Lords new song tennis court and
talk it up like yeah I love love those
two songs right now those are my jams um
you want me to answer question or you
want to show us what you got to do tweet
lab video III super high I um so I can
say your name and hug your face is that
cool cool dig it um
Michie my back is very itchy Oh new best
videos also trending in Canada he's my
girl bethany mota just came with a new
video
so afters livestreams done keyword after
go check out that new video by her
because i like to support people that
are cool um Len Ellis I think says I'm
trying to see you and tweet you you
succeeded mmm
Haley asks who's your BAE okay I have
many bays okay um my base include first
and foremost the rock is my number one
BAE Sleater Gomez
my BAE Jennifer Lawrence mob a Katy
Perry mob a jenna Marbles mob a Colleen
mob a Miranda this is like the set a
song Miranda my BAE Kingsley my BAE part
oh my BAE treadmill oven my BAE Lana my
BAE I have so many days so many days
that's right that's right
Gracie says virtual hunger kids I could
use some unicorn positivity Gracie come
here give me your face
that's for you close up with all my
pimples before customs I didn't have
this pimple right here after customs I
got that pimple that's right thank you
American customs for effing me up
anyways we got 3,300 people here I'm
freakin ecstatic you're all wonderful if
you're watching this and you enjoy what
you're singing you having a good time
when you're like good done click the
thumbs up click the thumbs up because it
counts if you click the thumbs up
someone enters skittles into my veins
it's hooked up to a whole system here
it's wonderful
alright let's keep going with the
questions I want to give you guys shout
outs in the meantime also tweet me with
the hashtag lab video and tell me where
in the world you're watching cuz I want
to give your city your country your
whatever is a shout out thank you for
supporting so and we've checked that
mace books - real quick on my phone is
just off the heezy fo sheezy right now
just hold up because I'm just gonna
check my whatsapp in case ok I have
people yelling at me because I didn't
say they're my BAE so of course of
course this is happening right now just
this is just right there guys hmm ok um
right so humble tweeted to message me
saying um mum mum mum mum okay so I'm
gonna try something you let me tell you
a little story okay I'm gonna have a
hard time with you
a legitimate heart tart with you and I
hope you will understand it in the way I
am saying it to you okay so of course
you will you're smart you might be
wondering why the hell does Lily keep
promoting lat and all she ever talks
about has led these days and like what
the hell with that
I'll break it down for you okay I and
this is real talk I've always loved
doing music always even before I start
making comedy YouTube videos I love
doing music and I never thought I was
good at it I used to really like writing
though it was very just liberating for
me any time I was stressed i'd write
lyrics and make me feel really really
good it was like my medication whoo hard
times just writing lyrics but I started
making comedy videos and I thoroughly
enjoy it and I love it so so so much but
in the back man
I stole her Chinese like I still want to
try music and then my good friend humble
the poet came along someone who was
phenomenal at music and I thought what
better opportunity than to legitimately
enter the music world that was my good
friend humble so we made this track let
and I can also say my blood sweat and
tears and his blood and tears went into
this trap countless nights all-nighters
planning that video was shot in one day
and we put it together all those people
in the video were people who just wanted
to help us it was so much effort and
energy that went into that video and so
much thought into how we're gonna market
it it just works so hard on it now the
thing is for those of you that don't
know molecular the music industry such
as me it's super hard to be an
independent artist and trying to get
anywhere in the music industry because
you have to be signed by a label you
have to have a million people telling
you what to do and telling you this is
the way to do it and we're gonna invest
money as you humble I don't have that
without a label or two people want to
make a song encouraging people to be
themselves I am in the entertainment
industry people are always trying to
tell me what to do how to dress don't be
a tomboy wear heels look sexier yada
yada yada
I learned to make a song that was like
just be yourself and that's what I want
to promote and that's what we did we
can't get the song on the radio we can't
do any of those things because there's a
million and ten different obstacles that
the system and the man has put in the
way if you want to get your song in the
radio you have to pay X amount of
dollars you can sign to a lady got enjoy
so we're learning that it's very
difficult to be an independent artist
which is why I keep pushing left to show
people and kind of prove to people that
you don't need a label your need a
million dollars you don't need to know
all these top atop people to get the
message out there and I'm counting on
team super top humble and I spread this
message is why I'm is the hashtag live
video is why I'm doing the whole thing
with the shirts is just to get the
message out there so if you want to help
us please tweet the video right now the
URL is WWE as not because I wanted to
have a bajillion views it's not because
I want to make so much money off it is
because I want to prove that to
independent artists can make them up and
different so if you are down with that
tweet it out right now I'm gonna tweet
it as well and you can retweet our ever
and as extra incentive I'll give you
some shoutouts as well if you do it so
all its going to be as w- laughs
video.com hashtag i've support i just
tweeted it right now if y'all can tweet
it tag me in the tweet tank humble abode
in the tweet do what you need to do
we'll be forever grateful
that's it that's all I'm gonna say about
that and you're awesome and you're
wonderful giving all shout outs still
going no no no no no no no no okay
if i'ma travel back in time when and
where would I go asks fan of superwoman
sweetheart II spelled superwoman wrong
it's an entity another M but I still
love you so so much I would go back to
India because I miss India so much my
recent trip to Mumbai where I was
hugging Shahrukh Khan I probably go back
to that moment right there I'm gonna
jump on Facebook and give away the first
shoutout
here we go who's in it the share that
has 2,000 shares Euler just phenomenal
phenomenal I'm gonna write someone's
name on this piece of paper right now
hold up here we go
let's see who's it gonna be read he he
he I got it I got the person I'm writing
her name wait for it wait for it wait
for it keep waiting for it wait for it
okay
if your name starts with an A you did
not link the shutter I'm sorry but yo
you're the first letter of the alphabet
I mean how much more you want but if
your name starts with the letter T you
could have possibly won this shut up
because listen Tess how light would you
make me smile and thank you so much for
your love and support you're just going
to take a picture who would ever need to
do anything other the cool thing to do
is take this picture for the person in
case they're misses so we can tweet it
to them later because we're all friends
here
sweet thank you so much testing your
fantastic in an awesome and I appreciate
your support if you didn't win why you
trippin grubs I got two more why you
trippin the rubbers ax but Rob this up
in the meantime I told you about the
selfie contest I told you about the lab
video situation of why keep plugging it
just so y'all I don't get annoyed with
me um I just want to check real quick
the trends here and can I'm going like
this because the lamp is in the remember
the lamp that is in my face um so a
supermoon live lab video training in
Canada phenomenal let's keep it you're
trending worldwide I'm just gonna start
giving shoutouts to people just shout
outs to people if you tweet lavador calm
or LED video I don't know if Latvia
combo trend should we try it I don't
know if they'll allow a.com to trend
what do you think should we try it it
might not work I don't know I've never
I've never done it let's try okay let's
try getting let video calm to trend I'm
sure if this will work I mean if
anyone's gonna make it work it's gonna
be all of you let's just be real for a
second let's and this is just I just
want to see if they will let a website
friend I don't know if it will or won't
but I had genuinely mean this and I know
I'm talking a lot but I guess that look
good and I'm talking a lot but but I
mean serious I genuinely feel when a
video hits a million or we trend or
whatever it's not like I'm trending and
I hit a million it's legitimately we
like you are actually the best fan base
ever I don't care who else as that well
says what you actually are because you
make like amazing things happen all the
time
so I considered to be are not even my
success is our success it's your success
and I just want to see if you get a
trending worldwide and if anyone can
it's gonna be all of you so yeah yeah in
fact I'll even go as far as saying if
that video or lab video comm trends
worldwide I'll pick someone who tweeted
it and give them the next shuttle so
that's how you can win the next shoutout
jump on Twitter link is in the
description I suppose I I get and use
the hashtag lab video lab video.com
and let me just double check one humble
thinking on whatsapp just in case um
um just in case uh humbles yelling at me
about something you truly think that
didn't hatch tag
I'm sorry humble come on man
so we're trying to get that video or
lavage comm trending the thing the
second you put a period in something it
doesn't hashtag anymore so it's either
gonna be hashtag live video or just let
video calm so let's make a happy now
ah there's thirty two hundred of us of
course we can make this happen a court
is so freakin hot right now ah okay here
we go
hi mother Polly
okay he's yelling at me to do something
not yelling saying nice things so so the
goal is to get that video and let me
you're not home trending can we make it
happen I hope I hope this is okay humble
I'm on a really smart guy so what I do
stupid things you guys corrects me so
it's got Navi and they become trained
and can make it happen
boom let's do it official unicorn army
oh here we go
unicorns full fledge horn psychic
twitter trending lines are right there
and we just charge i drop water
everywhere i'm gonna use this shirt to
clean it up right now because my mummy
would be very upset with me cleaning
water with your t-shirt laughs getting
corrected by home with a poet yeah
American customs the dropping your shirt
halfway through the sentence yeah all
right let's do it teen super we can do
it shout outs to forever loving
youtubers shut us to happy vibes shout
outs to crazy March shout outs to alia
Rose Turner I'm who asked if Clinton
Kingsley was straight would you marry
him
ah I kind of like beards it can figure a
beard maybe I don't know I
so don't want to hurt anyone elses
feelings so you know I don't really do
the marriage thing keep in mind if
you're trying to make Latvia calm trend
do not put a hashtag before that because
when you could appeared in hashtag it
does Network so follow my lead on the
Twitter front stun humbles laughing at
me okay here we go
here we go I have full faith well faith
team super can do this bull 8 here we go
mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm and I'm just gonna
keep treating it as well cuz I want a
contribution if you don't know what the
hashtags I'll check my Twitter at I
super when I I um and that's what's up
get more shoutouts getting more
shoutouts
nananananananananananana next shout
shout out shout out ask Bieber shout out
Reena shout out Jilly Jilly bean shout
out I love Lily's thing I love you too
shout out shout out but charting on all
of our faces out on our faces
I'm gonna give away the second shout out
soon so keep tweeting those those those
those things that we are trending in we
are trending in the United States that's
rubble we're gonna hit worldwide because
that's how we roll where you where you
at in the world if you don't know what
to tweet tweet live video laughs yo calm
and tell me where in the world you are
how many people from Trinidad I'm fuel
from Jamaica hunting from India I want
to know all these things
Sasha shout-out to you thank you so much
Rosa shoutout to you thank you so much
Annabelle you're phenomenal shout-out to
you
Aaliyah boss all of you you're
phenomenal and I love you so much
there's 3,200 of you and you're the
greatest 3200 people in the world take
me from ends on when I can talk as much
as me I don't think you have I really
don't think you have okey-dokey more
shout outs at a a I mean Teen Wolf he
asks who are you going to collab with
next can it be joy Graceffa well enjoy
go suffer and I are both going to Europe
at the end this month so I will
definitely con his beautiful self into
doing a collab with me if you want to
see what
chime absolute best hey yo hey Jolin
shoutout to you Big Ups David big up to
big been up to Amon thank you so much
for the for the tweeting of the hashtag
in the supporting and the Anika Bonita
Christina Nick Sabrina cutie pie
SEMA Charlie pop dedicated kotora -
kotora - kotora - kotora - kotora -
kotora - kotora - kotora - kotora -
kotora - kotora - kotora - kotora time
i'm so excited because so much is
happening someone told me that I support
is threatening somewhere which is
phenomenal
that's amazing okay Laura shun us -
Chloe big respects and shoutouts to you
Jenny
allow you Maya allow you Bri I love you
that video the person who made here is
angel I love you Lilly my name is Casey
good way to get a shout out from Canada
hey I love you Carolina ok we'll end up
no but a Carolina nerd shut up to you
thank you all of you for tweeting keep
tweeting worldwide trend right now is I
support which I guess is really stupid
on my part because I support doesn't say
nothing about laugh it just says I
support welcome to my brain where I
think nothing through and I just do
things because I think I'm very smart
but if we got I support trending I mean
there's no reason we can't get Ladd
trending or that video trending so let's
do it we can do it I believe I have no
doubts um I'm an idiot
sorry I might be looking at what's out
because feel like humble is gonna give
me an angry emoticon and I never wanted
to happen
your ninny we're training in the UK fan
lad video is trending in the UK pick up
genre UK message brub I'll let you all
alight poppy lae lae lae puppy you are
phenomenal okay okay so many things are
going on um team super UK I see all of
your tweets I see your blog on my phone
and I appreciate that you're phenomenal
okay joke hey come on
thank you Malena Thank You Molly
thank you thank you I'm showering on
every single person that's tweeting that
video and let video.com
I am shouting you all out hums off Jay
Jasha Shri okay in the next one minute
I'm gonna pick a name to go on here I'm
gonna pick a name to go on here in the
next minute so tweet me right now you
can't bleep I support is trending Oh
Lilly Oh Lilly
the stupid things you do the stupid
stupid stupid things you do don't turn
their mean you mmm Papa Papa I'm under
how many people aren't following me
right now that's all dad you don't get
okay it's trending is there any way you
can see this um where is it trending
though I think it's turning in the UK I
see you shining of UK that's cuz UK
people are phenomenal and it's like a
ridiculous time in the UK it's like 1 am
in the UK and it's trending but that's
did you British folk not only are you
sexy but you're supportive and I
appreciate that so much you're freaking
wonderful you're wonderful
ok I'm picking a name right now I am
baking a name picking a name ok who am i
picking to give the shout out to hmm hmm
hmm I got it I got the person I'm
writing the person's name down right now
writing the person's name down right now
if your name starts with an L there's
marker on my thumb you may have won this
shout out is it you there's a name start
with an L if your name starts with an L
comment below saying ah I'm just comment
below right now hey oh hey Luna can we
hug thank you so much for your love and
support you have won this shout out but
don't worry we got one more to go
propose for you that make you smile my
moon offer your love and support for
tweeting for helping for being wonderful
for being a unicorn for being phenomenal
I love you so much
but if you didn't I'm dropping
everything if you didn't win I got one
more right here why are you fighting I
was like his friend keep that hashtag
going let's make this happen let's make
this happen keep it going I support is
still trending worldwide what is
happening buna mean apparently we're
trending worldwide hold on hold on I
don't see trending where I am but if
that video is trending worldwide where
you are please take a screenshot and
send it to us and I keep saying us cuz
I'm referring to me and humble because I
feel like humble sitting right here but
send take a screenshot send it because
I'll be very very excited I don't see it
on mine though so I don't know if this
is just like prank vs. prank playing a
prank on me right now or if like Vitaly
like is freaking effing with my brain I
know training training in Canada I don't
see it worldwide is this just me is it
just me huh-huh I don't see it so if you
see it send a picture send a picture and
I'm still answer your questions and
giving you shuttles and all that in the
meantime let me tell you about something
real quick I posted a status recently
that said my 300th video is on Thursday
I lied and I don't know why this happens
the numbers always F up
every time this time comes around
someone messaged me saying hey you have
six more videos left until you're 300 oh
sometimes like a 2 or 300 video and
everyone sees different numbers I'm
officially saying the date of my 300th
video is next Thursday and that date is
let me tell you right now I'm gonna tell
you right now i'ma tell you man
the 24th is my 300th video now do you
know that's what it is I don't care if
YouTube switches the numbers again and
shows me have one more video one lesson
on the 24th will be my 300 video so
there you go we're still answering
questions still giving you shout outs
left video lab eurocom is what you are
tweeting to get a shout out and to get
me to to someone says we're trending
worldwide
I guess we'll try to worldwide and on my
computer is just like being racist and
doesn't want to show me I guess that's
the situation humble you can see it if
anyone else didn't see it that's all my
whatsapp please send me a picture so I
can be extremely static and go jump on
that bed if we go check and worldwide
i'ma jump on my bed my boss the wine and
i'ma jump on that bed but in the
meantime I DT thank you so much ME ME
thank you so much
Fatima Fatima Jonathan and nunya simmer
geez Judith
Lana Minerva Abbi angel Hannah all of
you are phenomenal there's over 3,000 of
you here right now we're having a
awesomesauce flirty party and if you're
sitting there like I've never heard
laughs I don't know what that is just
just just hold on one second because
that is unacceptable and I'm gonna show
you right now I will show you right now
what that is and I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna show you a little snippet to play
so stay right there what you guys might
think yeah so how good the Tombo Tombo
so better than $4,000 on a purse no no
no we're supposed to pay yeah strap and
Aggies part at the club life being hard
yeah
twin but light being hard is exactly
what's happening right now because we're
not trending worldwide but I have full
faith we will be trending worldwide or
else that will be quite left what up
t-shirt reference that's what it is and
if you like this shirt I'm gonna tell
you one more time how you can win this
shirt all you gotta do is take a selfie
of yourself listening to let the version
you purchased off iTunes and you could
win a sign superwoman and humble the
poet t-shirt now even if you look at my
signature you should definitely get hump
of a poet's signature because that is
shouldn't be worth something one day
because he has a phenomenal book out
he's a freaking genius he's handsome and
he's a good dancer he's not better than
me but he's good
also he's not better I mean a ping pong
but sometimes he pretends that he is
also I beat him at everything but it
doesn't matter because he's still gonna
be very very famous and you should get
his autograph by taking a selfie with
your purchase of that to win a signed
t-shirt from Superboy
let's keep this hashtag going I know we
can do it lab video lab video calm
according to all of y'all it's trending
somewhere but I don't see it I don't see
it Loomis meows come let me ask my
friendships if they see it humble
doesn't see it either
hmm are you guys photoshopping a just to
get our hopes up
is that what you're doing but now I
support isn't either whom hmm remember
people are showing me picked all that's
BB hey yeah that's UK again United good
night we're just killing it in the UK
right now because y'all don't sleep
y'all go sleep in the UK okay I'm
answering more of your questions so
someone's asking about London and when
I'm coming to London at the end of this
month I'm going on another Kentucky
adventure similar to how I went to
Thailand I went to Rome Barcelona and
London I'm where tour of Europe and very
excited because I'm going with some
people you may know I'm going with prank
vs. prank I'm going with joy Graceffa I
am going with Troye Sivan
and we're all going and we're exploring
Europe and I'm also taking my good
friend Rick from Rick's good eats but
you can resign here dude and we're gonna
capture some awesome footage I do some
awesome collaborations and it's going to
be epic so I hope you look forward to
that because
number two it unfortunate yeah you got
it got it got it got it got it got it
got that sweet everyone is tweeting me
and everyone is missing me
I love how national today's national new
day is trending it's kind of giving me
some ideas your own it's kind of giving
me some ideas maybe that is what I will
do if if that video trends worldwide
kidding you look gross to be gross okay
let's go back and see how many people
are here we got three thousand people
here son we just creeped up watch me
live right now mmm Wow
black black black when it's hot it's so
hot
shout out from Trinidad much love
Randall I appreciate you Katie Jones
shout out to you Nia
shouts you Olivia shout outs you know
red shout out to you I love you too baby
girl Lucy massive shout outs uh Nikki
asks when I kiss a giraffe for money
like over $100 I would kiss a giraffe
for free what kind of question I would
love to kiss a draft you know I feel
about tall men I'm all about that mm
what's my favorite movie my favorite
movie is white chicks home a poodle Oh
home a puto ho my pool oh um Nora
shoutouts to you baby girl
Oh next to be flawless go use flowerless
shoutout to you someone's name is Lily
shout-out to you
here for you Justin showed us to you all
the way from Egypt as well bumbaclot
bumbaclot all right now I'm just gonna
start answering questions in a Jamaican
accent and I hope it's not offensive I
just really think their accents really
super freaking cool okay ready
Jory and Gomez asks super woman on the
pole a video I support level calm as
Superman lives they follow me please I
know you live agent Miller you too
Malaya too so much so much um I shall
asks would you have a collaborate with
Vitaly to a prank that CUC okay for
those that know first of all Batali's
balls or the size or
this size he ran onto the field during
the World Cup final and got arrested and
tackled that man has balls freaking
amazing I personally don't like doing
pranks on people but I mean I went some
way shape or form would love to
collaborate with it because yes freaking
so much guts so much guts
ok dare Kane Claire says please a show
to Farmington clear must have shout out
to Farmington a big up he says be myself
okey-dokey oh my whole timeline is just
full of LED video love your calm so I
don't get how it's not trending origin
or it is Twitter might be racist that
might be what it is Twitter might be
racist I think that's what it is I think
that's what it is let me just try to
figure this out real quick
Oh someone asked me which member one
direction would you date okay Zayn Malik
no can we talk about this for a second
Zayn Malik Oh is so hot especially the
story of my life video I I cannot I
cannot even comprehend how hot he is in
that video just freaking ah I would say
in your Manik straight up my friend um
ever thought of making a snapchat I have
a snapchat it's just private so I can
send pictures to my mummy hmm that's
right I'm a mother
Sabrina I see you Trina I see you Ragini
I see you Tammy
I see you all right it's like these
trends real quick i'ma go to so we're
trending in Los Angeles we are trending
in Canada we are then we just check
color ones on him we are trending in the
United States we are trending and the UK
of course we are because in UK's friggin
phenomenal we are turning to look around
the lab all the places would we be
here's your question
why can it not tailor my Twitter to see
trends in Trinidad is that just me well
I cannot put Trinidad into the trends
thing to see what's trending in Trinidad
I don't know why that is but it's so
freakin annoying and I don't like I
don't like that at all I should be able
to see what's trending in Trinidad is
this just me is this just a problem with
me let me know still don't see world
wide though but don't worry I do not
give up hope
I know we could trend a worldwide I know
it I know it my phone is going up okay
I'm gonna give away this last shoutout
how I give it away um hmm hmm hmm hmm
okay I have an idea I will give this
person not only a shout out but I will
make a song about them and sing it live
right now if you win the shout out and I
will give you a lap dance
virtually that's right whoever wins is
next shout out I will have a virtual lap
dance - I will make a song about them
and I will pose with their name on this
paper
are you ready and this is what you need
to do and this is what's gonna get us
trending right now
you ready this was gonna make this
trending we tell you right now I'm going
to sing a live song about whoever wins
the next shout out all you got to do is
tweet video okay so it's a two-part
tweet to win this next shout out you'll
see I just tweeted something you
basically have to tweet in one tweet
that video labrie or calm as many times
and as the characters will let you so if
you go on my Twitter I've done a tweet
that just says
that videos ever calm let me do that if
you don't love it as many times or just
bombard in the complete tweet and that
is will win the next shut up and whether
we trend or not it's okay I'm gonna give
this person a lap dance virtually I'm
gonna sing a song about you and I'm
going to give you a shut up right here
starting now go ahead now go ahead now
I'm waiting baby I'm a freaking stretch
right now I'm a stretch right now I'm a
stretch I'm a stretch right now let's
stretch my booty to hold up hold up wait
a minute I am stretching to give it this
person a lap dance right now okay and I
just got out of a plane so you know I'm
gonna be fresh and so clean clean right
now okay so fresh and so clean clean
don't don't don't don't edit edit don't
edit out two down down down oh and then
they're flooding in everybody wants this
bode everybody want this booty everybody
want miss booty here we go
you gotta fill it fill up the whole
tweet and make sure you put spaces
what if it's spaces cuz right now all
your characters are merging together and
looks like a huge pile with swerve
alright here we go oh yeah and it's
coming in on my phone it's coming in a
muff oh yes that's right that's right
keep them coming
you should I pick mm okay I know a lot
coming in whoo should I should I should
I give a lap dance to miss sunshine
what about Chelsea when deep core which
I give you a lap dance right now what
about Bill Precor should I give you a
lap dance Christina showed it to you
amber Cassandra Joleen the Ender Rebecca
sorry should I give you a lap dance just
sing a song about you hmm
hmm now Rose you seem like someone not
my one lap dance Jules do you want a lap
dance
because my Otis and bag chips right now
son all of this and a bag of all dressed
chips
or maybe they'll be all undressed chips
I'm kidding I'm kidding I go script for
you you didn't buy for me dinner yet
mmm-hmm okay I'm gonna pick someone pick
someone
okay I am going to pick I am going to
pick the person whose name is whose name
is a child for a name I can make a song
about cuz tell me all names hold up all
right Jacob lamb let me just write your
name on here before I serenade you are
you ready hold up
and just because I'm such in a good mood
right now and because you've been so
patient with this whole dad thing I'm
gonna do something special right after
this but first Jacob
Jacob I hope we never break up because I
want to take my makeup and put my
lipstick on you Jacob boom Chico Wow
well you make me so happy you make me so
cool you got me feeling huh Oh Jacob
don't go well Jacob thank you so much
for your love and support that was the
sexy lap dance you were promised calm
down I know I know I know you might be
feeling a bit overwhelmed right now
totally acceptable totally acceptable I
don't do something right now that I
usually never never do and I know a lot
of other youtubers do it and that's okay
because I usually don't do it but I do
it right now because I've been asking
y'all to do a lot and I want to kind of
give back to you this what we're gonna
do
I rarely ever follow people on Twitter I
rarely ever follow people on Twitter I'm
gonna make an exception today okay
I am going to follow one of you on
Twitter and if that means anything to
you then Lonny freakin Don if it doesn't
that just give me the middle finger and
move that far what I want you to do and
this is just because I want to know what
you like about me what you like about my
videos I want to know this because I
make my videos for you in particular to
the land video because it's something
new that I've never tried um I want to
know what you liked about it so I want
you to tweet me saying my favorite part
of the land video is and I'm going to
show you right now tweet me sing my
favorite part of the leg video is
this is the structure I want you to say
I just tweeted it right now my Twitter
also in the description so what should I
do is you got a tweet saying tweet me
saying my favorite part of the hashtag
video is whatever it is levy or comm
tell mucho para parts ah I will pick one
person and I will follow them and then
we will be friends forever we do that I
let that simmer I'm also going to read
out some of your responses because I'm
curious to know I also know that you
guys are four minutes behind me and you
will start tweeting me four minutes from
now me me me me me me me lololololol
daughter gone no no okay
je t'aime says my favorite part of the
lab video is the random pause in the
middle it was funny I'm glad you like
that um Emily says my favorite part of
the lab knows everything wonderful make
sure you're using the hashtag y'all
because the hashtag is where the money's
at Dawg that's what I love is that
that's where the skittles is that with
the hashtags sorry okay my favorite part
of the leg videos when you go from not
yourself to yourself says Noreen I'm
glad that was my favorite part as well
my favorite part my favorite part of
that video is that so goofy and so real
says grace bumpin thief says my favorite
part of the live video is when the chick
is holding your boobs and stuff yeah
that was good fun now it's good fun all
right I love this you're not going what
you guys think I love it I love it so
much mmm my favorite part of that video
is where you put the messages on your
hands that was actually humble the
poet's idea because it's a genius um
blegh favorite part of that video is
when y'all are dancing
our crunking at the end says mashella or
Michaela sorry shivani's wha says my
favorite line videos when you change the
clothes into your own clothes Aaron is
the one that said the messages on your
hand by the way that say your name but I
see you my favorite part of live videos
the way you reject the glitz and glamour
to be yourself says Nick Carly says my
favorite part of that video that tells
the truth for weakness says my favorite
part of that video is when you said this
isn't me and you dressed up the way you
really should okay you guys have really
really good answers but I'm looking for
a really good answer so I can follow
that person that's what I'm looking for
right now so my favorite lab video is
how can relate to anyone who may be
watching I love it my favorite part of
the girl that videos make me change from
girly clothes to lily clothes of course
cuz I'm a boy um my favorite part of
that video is when the guy says get out
of my yard that's our good friend Rick
my favorite part in levity is when you
trip over after doing the pose on the
car those shoes though were not my
favorite part of the video because they
hurt so much so so much okay let's go
let's go my favorite lip let videos when
you fell y'all evil evil my favorite
video is the booty the booty the booty
hell yeah um nothing apart the live
video is how upbeat and funny it is that
video is trending worldwide according to
someone's picture why computer do not
follow me let video trending worldwide
why you still racist is this just me
that I can't see it because someone sent
you a picture of it but I can't see it
if it's trending where you are please
send a picture because Twitter's being
so racist to me like American customs
all over again
customs apparently run through frigging
Twitter trends - okay my favorite part
of that video is the message gives to be
yourself my favorite part of the video
is just the whole song my favorite part
11 is a t-shirt reference big up to
everyone who caught that t-shirt
reference with now let's tweet and when
you're drunk
listening to drink and you Kronk t-shirt
reference that I had in the video that
was one of my favorite parts as well
our favorite part of the lab video is um
how you say you don't need the glitz and
glamour hell F that noise dawg
I Drive a Honda okay my favorite part
eleven is how you tell people to be
themselves my favorite live videos when
you say laughs yeah my favorite part of
the live video is when you in the
beginning look to the camera with the
glasses on um my favorite part of the
levity is when you were steep I was
stealing over the hot guys that was my
favorite part of the video too to be
honest you know whatever um my favorite
part of live videos when you're in it
don't be so sweet god I feel final app
use all the inspirational messages on
the hands Who am I gonna follow uh-huh
okay the next person who tweets me a
reason that's unique is the person will
follow like a reason no one else is
saying all right here we go down to nine
nine and and and and then and then and
show the hands already read that one um
bum bum bum booty already got that one
too I need a new one and you new want to
follow you right now I already read that
one too how relatable it is read that
hands-on the messages read that read
that read that told it when you change
your clothes I read that on a different
unique specific part of the video that
made you laugh made you feel good
meaning behind it the Chi sure reference
we got hmm I don't know
okay asked him the next refresh I'm
picking someone who I'm picking someone
okay the person I'm following is this so
hard this is the word I'm will help me
um the person I'm following is okay
someone says the favorite part of the
love might at the last video okay I am
NOT I'm just gonna read this all love
with someone said because I got confused
and thought you had the beard and was
mildly turned on I don't know what that
means but that made me laugh
okay I am going to follow
this is really hard this is why I don't
follow me because I suck at these things
I suck at these things I'm gonna follow
the person who said my favorite part is
when humble a poet is eating pizza at
the end and it made me crack up I'm with
Gore I'm following you because that
means you watch the video till the very
end because that was in the very very
last few seconds of the music video I'm
right I am officially following you I
also see that you've been tweeting lab
video a lot and I appreciate that
I followed you we are now friends
forever I love you thank you for your
support everyone else if I didn't follow
you I'm sorry um if you keep treating I
might I don't know I don't know why I
can't see the worldwide trend I don't
know if you guys can give us any
pictures a little bit humble I don't
know if you can see it um but either way
humbles that anyone that mentions dear
children all that no feel free to also
tweet the stuff too humble because you
will retweet you and he may follow you
and he may do all these things so go
ahead and do that
um laughter I guess we good choice good
I don't all right okay good good
almost ain't good choice Thank You uncle
improves everything's good everything's
good let's go back to having some little
bit of fun okay and you we all some
shoutouts give y'all some channels
answer a few more questions I do have to
go in five minutes because it's been
more than an hour and a half but this
happens at the 14th of every month and
in my heart in my heart we trended
worldwide in my heart I don't know what
humbles referring to right now he just
messaged me saying nope
and then maybe he's saying nope we
didn't read worldwide are you mad at me
how much I'd man reach try I friggin
hell man we Chang okay let me just
refresh everything cuz everything's
frozen
we had 3,500 people watching right now
thank you so much for the bottom my
heart for watching because you could be
doing anything right now you could be
friggin out with your friends right now
you're watching TV right now but you're
choosing to sit there and watch me and I
appreciate that you spend an hour and a
half of me and it means the world and I
want to on these next few minutes
getting back to you
and just saying I love you and I love
you okay
and if wherever you are lat trended
thank you so much for making that happen
because all you even if a trended
worldwide or not it doesn't matter
because it trended in my world how deep
it trended in my world and apparently in
some of your worlds as well because you
sent me pictures so congratulations you
are trending and being phenomenal and
supporting well thank you so much don't
forget you can win yourself you can win
yourself this shirt
signed by myself and humble the poet all
I gotta do is take a selfie of yourself
listening to left on your app and make
it creative dog pose with your teddy
bears pose with your friends bring it do
it dance or whatever you do use the
hashtag let selfie and this contest is
gonna last one weekend we will ship you
a signed left shirt
freaking phenomenal right phenomenal
phenomenal phenomenal um people are
still treating me their favorite parts
of lemon I figured love you I love you
all so so much um an event pick your
nose the answer to my question regarding
why I can't see Trinidad's trends please
let me know because I really want to
know and I guess maybe now we know that
you can't get maybe you cannot get a.com
trending have you ever seen a website
trending maybe you just can't do it
yeah maybe you're just gonna do it maybe
because we're putting them both in the
same tweet that is just casting out the
whole tweet cause com
I don't know how these things work
because I feel like if I support trended
worldwide lab video should definitely
turn to worldwide so maybe it's
something on my part that I don't know
what I'm doing
that's a possibility that's possibility
but either way we have many
opportunities to try and you are the
best team in the world so it will
definitely happen because you're
phenomenal and I love you so much I'm
gonna go in about two minutes
but that today is super Monday and I do
making new videos after this livestream
I'm going to eat something I'm recording
video for you I'll post a video for you
and you can
get out right onto the same channel if
you haven't done so already give this /
- a thumbs up also make sure you follow
me on Twitter and like me on Facebook
subscribe to my channel also do all
those same things for humble report
because he's phenomenal humble the poet
is this Twitter his face because the
same humble the poet um and he's a
phenomenal person so make sure you go do
that
my leg is itchy yeah um other than that
lets happen on a positive note hmm what
can we what can we me mmm-hmm I got it
sometimes we have bad days sometimes
America doesn't let you into the country
sometimes you miss your flight
sometimes you don't turn rude boy
sometimes you get a pimple because
you're stressed sometimes you stop
working out and you gain the stomach and
I need to do something about it and
sometimes people break your heart things
happen these things happen for the thing
to remember is that that moment in your
life is a 4x6 picture of the greater
picture so don't always base your life
off that 4x6 picture instead look at the
entire album and think you know this is
just a moment and stuff happens and I
can get through this
whatever the thing may be whether your
boyfriend broke up with you your parents
theology with you gotta fight with
someone doesn't matter it's just in the
moment and it will pass and trust me
when I say no one in this role has a
better ability to get over your problems
then you do my friend because you have
been fully equipped with everything you
need to do anything you want in the
world and I genuinely mean that I mean
that's the bottom my heart you all been
wonderful I mean I gotta go but we can
still keep talking on Twitter and we can
still she got keep trying to get levied
you're trending we can still try doing
all these things for a family but as of
right now the time has come to end ask
super in life but I won't back on the
14th of next month thank you so much for
joining me I love you so much you will
see a video post on this channel very
very shortly I Frank I'm stuffing my
face with some food thank you so much I
love you I hope you're happy now be a
great night Day morning wherever you are
I remember
one love superwoman that is a rock and
so so so but I'll be on chatter right
now right now
