I forget girls so proven and you know as
per usual I don't know how to use
YouTube live so I need to double check
and you can hear me or see me because I
don't know I don't know so hold hold on
one sec again hold on I'm gonna weird
face is gonna shine you can you see me
you see me I'm just waiting for your
comments to see if you can see
everything I think you can see me I
think you can see me okay I'm gonna go
is that you can see me if you can hear
and see me comment below or tweet me let
me know you know the drill I don't know
how to use technology and don't know my
name I'm so excited I'm super pumped for
today's asking from that I'm super first
of all just wait till I tell you what I
had to go through to get you might be
wondering where am i right now and I'm
gonna tell you first I need to make sure
I'm not talking to myself so just one
second because technology Sarah don't be
disappointed in me
okay come on wait what live events oh
cool I'm gonna click on this live event
oh sweet is it working
cool is there comments well as 842 of
you watch yes it's working
I can see you we can hear you yeah if
you're wondering what the fiddlesticks
ba-ba-boom clad is happening right now
on 14th of every month I just think I'll
ask super Owen live where I spent an
hour and a half
loving you and caressing your beautiful
face because I love you so much and I
ask your questions and I give you
shoutouts and I tell you what's going on
with my life and I give you updates
today's really special I said because
I'm actually gonna tell you about a new
contest I got going on where you could
win free stuff every brown persons like
what free stuff every brown person's mom
I just walk into the room because they
were free stuff I'm gonna tell you all
right now how you can win some free
stuff but first before we get into all
of that let's make this party right here
on unicorn island epic are you ready
because we're in this as a team team
super okay what are you do is blue the
description you can see ways that you
can share this party we're having you
can click to share it on Facebook or you
can click to tweet it so go ahead right
there I might just give you a second but
that boy you think is cute and vitam to
the party in unicorn island that girl is
too nervous to talk to invite her here
we go first dates for everybody it's
gonna happen right here super only wanna
make it happen for you okay does they
have more people here right now we got
1500 people here I think you could have
a bazillion a bazillion the glider and
tweet me at iisuperwomanii that
informations in the description and use
all the appropriate hashtags and let's
get this party going humid apps here we
go
slam you like my ring all the way let me
do it again to make it more more like
you know how let's pretend that never
happened ready oh oh that's right that's
how I does that's how I does it so Lala
list asked SuperLab what we're gonna do
differently okay is usually I tell you
all if you want shout outs so you want
to mean answer questions yadda yadda
use the hashtag ask Superman live but
not not nothing Derek Derek Derek today
it's gonna be different
okay most of you may know some of you
may be annoyed of hit but most of you
may know that humble poet or humble the
potent I follow you English teachers
released a music video for our song let
and so I thought to gain some wanna be
honest with you to gain some attraction
to that song and just make it my heart
peal one and cut on the inside today if
you want to shout out or you want me to
answer your question you gotta tweet me
using the hashtag black video and I even
wrote it on this wonderful piece of
paper to make it extra clear I'm sorry
from dark by the way I have a lamp right
here on my face but hopefully that works
I got burnt gonna be a great viral video
okay
so tweet laugh video to my Twitter and
I'll give you some shout outs and answer
your questions I'll go ahead and do that
bonus points for capitalizing that and
lower casing video just because I have
OCD like that and I like things to be
organized so go ahead and do that cuz I
can't wait to shout out your bloody face
your face and I'm gonna shove bloody
shout it out I'm so freaking excited so
we're gonna do that that's one thing
going on so go ahead and tweet me tweet
me
all right thing okay and I know in my
heart right here every uncle just like
glue in my heart right here I know we
can get this trending motorcycle you're
being very rude right now I'm trying to
communicate with my loved ones just just
mind your business I just did my
goodness first things first you might be
wondering where the f am i I just
arrived in LA and this is the apartment
I have for the next week so this will be
my house so next week let me tell you
about my day though can I just quickly
tell you what my day though before we
get there's 2,000 of you here we're
about to have a little company party
this is what happened to me yeah this is
what happened today I am flying to LA
and you all know I had problems I admit
it I like to take my computer everywhere
the big iMac that I'm currently speaking
to right now 27-inch iMac huge I'm
talking like this is the box for this
huge thing okay I travel with the all
the time I know I could take my laptop
no I just like having my iMac I'm more
productive with it I get more work done
and it makes me feel good ok that's it
it's like a throne night bar it makes me
feel good ok
so I travel and I always did some extra
questioning whatever it's fine I deal ok
today I go and American customs officers
all like that's actually what it was
he's like and your prior part so I'm
like ok here's my passport what's in the
box like it's my computer yes it's this
big yes it's my computer and yes I
travel with it I'm here taking your
computer that's what he said because I
make youtube videos and I still have to
edit no matter where I travel and I
prefer to edit on this computer because
just because technology okay
shuffle some mother-effing papers gives
me a yellow folder and it's just like oh
you have to go into that special room
over there so I'm not
and from what I read Jen I go into this
room this private room jail-type okay
and there's 20 other people waiting
there so I walk in video like this I
walk in like because I'm stressed okay
my flights gonna board in about 40
minutes of like 40 minutes of so much
time I'm even stressing of my gold and
then lay the smack down for you and
flirt with some people and be done so I
walk in are you with me still I get my
father to lady and she's like gonna pick
a seat and we'll call your name when you
turn to come up like fine I take a seat
okay and it's like they just throw these
folders in like a bingo machine you know
we're just like a random we like about
no system people who walk in after me
we're getting served first I waited in
that room for an hour and a half just
sitting there hey you're not allowed to
use your cell phone so like what the
hell is life I was like for an hour and
a half and I'm getting stressed no
because my flight is boarding right now
and I haven't even gone through security
so they're kinda late yes that's right
Air Canada but I will say this has
nothing to do with them it wasn't their
fault this was American customs she
comes around and she's like oh
unfortunately you gonna miss your flight
and she takes my bag tags off and I'm
like okay
long story short after everyone and
their mothers got served even if they
came after me
I hope to this man and this is the
conversation what's in the box
I'm like she had put a bloody sign on my
head what is in the box I don't have bad
times my Blake computers in the box my
friend okay it's my computer why is
having with a computer because I like to
freaking put it up my bum yl because I
need to edit videos okay
I travel with it all the time and he's
like I don't get why I need to take this
big computer because I don't like
working on a laptop it doesn't have the
same functionalities in my computer and
what that does is to you I paid extra
for the baggage why the hell you all
butthurt about me taking my computer I
understand the whole safety concern or
Joe can easily scan this mother effort
and see it's a computer not a heppen
friggin lock miss monster that put into
this box and I'm trying to smuggle into
your country
okay so then he's like okay I'm just put
on the put on the scanner I put on the
scanner it's gone sooner he goes okay
that's fine go ahead you made me wait an
hour and a half so I could put the
computer on a scanner you could scan it
and then say go on hand why when I
walked in did you not scan it then
because now I've missed my flight I've
missed the next flight and now I have to
wait at this Airport for three
mother-effing hours and the most
irritating final rule is done I promise
the most irritating part about this
whole situation is that in this room
there's multiple people missing their
flight and they're stressed and you know
customs officers are you kind of say
anything to them because they're so rude
and snappy thing
excuse me my friend right I am customs
officer king of the bloody world you
shut up okay I'm in control here
freaking power trip beyond belief there
are like all the officers are like
socializing having a picnic just taking
their damn time doing things well all of
us are missing our flights that is my
day but what but but I made it I just
walked into my apartment I set my
computer and Here I am because I will
not miss this for the world
because I love you I truly love you and
worse things have happened that's life
stuff happens we're still unicorns we
remain positive and that's mommy how is
your day column below right now telling
me how your day was so I can read
through the comments after and I can
find out how your day was because it was
bad then but if it was good then all
right enough of me blabbering let's get
into some shout outs some questions and
you know I already got my three shout
outs if you want to win one of these
shout outs in which I write your name
and I pose and I make love to you want a
piece of paper I'm gonna tell you how to
do that myself
my flown my flown is already blowing up
look at all the notifications mmm that's
right so it was all up in my grill okay
so I'm gonna start by answering some
questions and you know the drill
watch a question answered and you're
gonna tweet live video to my twitter and
my twitter is also the description in
case you hella lazy okay and I'm gonna
explain to you why the hashtag is the
way it is very very very shortly Wow
first Shazia asks would you cut your
hair short I really don't feel like I
could cut my hair short not for any
other reason besides the fact that I'm
very attached to it I'm gonna attach it
to my hair oh my phone is farting I'm
very attached to my hair I just like it
I've had it my whole life
it's that's like the equivalent of like
would you call any of your arms off it's
just too much of a thing for me next
question is Judith says lily I love you
so much
that's not a question but Judith I love
you too I love you too okay
Coleen fans Oh Colleen hey what up
shadows - my girl Colleen asks what do
your tattoos say I get this question
every single live stream and I will
continue to answer the rest of my life
without fear without hate that's what it
means their spiritual beliefs I have
emphasis on spiritual beliefs not
religious beliefs even though they're
not in English that makes no difference
I'm hella hot and so I want to take my
socks off look at the coordination
though if you haven't subscribed to my
channel yet though I mean I really don't
know what you're waiting for a cool else
I'm just I'm just saying I'm just saying
when you were younger did you ever do
this roll up one of your socks from the
other sock and then with people with it
no that just may have been cool I'm
moving on to more questions on people we
got here we got 3,500 people who wait
just freaking wait no they're so amazing
honestly I'm not supposed to talk about
this right now because my computer's
frozen I broke my computer I bought my
computer
oh it's doing weird things I'm sorry
okay wait but okay no I fixed time
thanks Dan I'm a mechanic uh yeah
join the party on unicorn Island right
now because you're wonderful you're
wonderful and I want to virtually hug
your faced answering your questions or
the next next hour to the half that I
did it I posted it is up there Pat all
right I'm saying what questions oh okay
can I just say can I just say can I just
say lab video and ask superwoman live
are already threatening in Canada
honestly just
you
