there's a hormone tell me what's wrong I
want to talk about it babe What's Wrong
babe you don't care yeah I can
understand when you talk like that I
said I can't believe you got kicked out
of the World Cup
I know okay I know it's gonna be fine
don't worry how could they do this to me
my life is over can you come over and
cuddle I don't wanna be alone could I
get two steaks please well done big can
you make me some nachos please pick a
side fries as well
can you layer the cheese though so that
there's cheese on every nacho could I
get some gravy on the side of those
fries extra sour cream you have little
cheese balls as well yeah it give me
some of those new tours of the cheese
balls could you find it twice though oh
yeah you want anything big nachos
my dishes falling off my itch is
all someone give me some nothing Oh fat
um I get why my beard is falling out man
okay to keep you from your bitch back
was a really good trailer my pecs are
there's fallen I can't you never pay
attention to me okay oh my god can you
stop PMSing please what how did you say
that you know I hate when you say that
okay this is not about my period I'm
sorry no I hate when you sit I hate it
okay not everything is because of PMS
you can use not real feelings okay okay
by the way can you pick me up some pads
before you come over happening I love to
go swimming tomorrow but I told you I
need the green ones with the wings it
does open up your waters like to you
know these are the pink one I don't want
the pink ones who cameraman I must move
you're masculine when I menstruating
with pink pen okay okay who would you
pick Channing Tatum or me promise
promise no I probably just drop some
kool-aid down my pants you boob I'm
gonna get up can you check if I'm
leaking your book I'm not wearing the
right boxers my can you check if you can
see my pad do you see it Oh Oh what not
because I'm on my period you don't want
to kiss me
whatever okay you ain't getting none in
this booty when these seven days are
over
don't call me crazy okay I am NOT crazy
all you ever care about is sex okay you
just use me for my bun your even love me
Arsen well come out of my eyes okay girl
I need your tummy honestly does my
package look small why won't you touch
me you're lying
looking I look like a 9 year old boy
stop touching me okay
I told you not tonight look my ball
should be on this and family channel man
that's exact and gory size balls right
now I just want to talk
I wanna provoke my prostate are you mad
at me hey bro
sup dude nothing I got my period this
morning oh my god I got mine last night
honestly I hate women right he's
honestly so unfair I mean they get nicer
boobs and they get to sit when they pee
my girlfriend things so annoying why
don't keep buying these things you know
I'm gonna diet can you pick me up a mars
bar please am i handsome I told you my
stomach hurts am I talking to myself
when I talk yo I enjoyed that video and
if you did check out my last video it's
right there so just click it also if you
haven't bought my new song laughs on
iTunes yet I don't know what the federal
sticks you doing the link is in the
description so yeah 99 cents like it's
hot you don't need no chocolate bad you
need the new song that's what you need
um other than that I hope you're having
a phenomenal day I'm so sorry
is your penis bleeding my now No okay
shut up because you have no idea what
I'm going through
