oh damn Bobcats Lily at a moment like
this I'm glad I use happen
what cool boy they happen hello girl
okay can I just ran for five minutes
okay like okay so get this I just need
to get this out of my system I just
really need to vent let me tell you what
this boy just said to me girl tell me
everything
girl let me start from the beginning now
you know I am NOT one of those girls who
complains about her boyfriend but and
you know I hate to gossip but and we
both know I never talk about people
behind their back but by blood but he
sends me a message saying good let me
read this to you hey sorry didn't reply
was busy girl girl girl girl am I wrong
he's dumb he's dumb right like why are
you playing games grow whatever you're
honestly too good for him and I know he
did it to annoy me too you know exactly
so now I'm not gonna reply that's it
don't even reply he doesn't deserve it
exactly but like that's right right like
you would do the same thing yeah that's
what I said he honestly needs to grow up
mhm but like what if he thinks I'm mad
because I don't want to think he has the
power to make me mad mmm true no but you
get what I'm saying because I want to
seem really happy and sexy about the
situation okay we were reading again
what to say says hey sorry didn't reply
was busy women doesn't say was busy or I
was busy just was busy Oh see girl he
didn't even give you a full sentence
right what I have now some sort of
sentence fragments I'd Hall I think you
should reply Yeah right okay hold on I'm
gonna text saying hey no worries
so was i hmm but what do you think about
that though I don't know it sounds a bit
too laid-back Yeah right maybe like a
hint of being annoyed you know so he
knows that he can't be disrespecting you
okay okay what about you're such a jerk
and you have a small penis don't worry I
was busy too
I like it but I feel like it's a bit too
intense right him you don't want to
completely cut him up you know I'm
saying go you never know when you're
gonna feel lonely yeah okay what about
like yeah I was wondering but don't
worry because I was busy too mmm
yeah that's good yeah right yeah but
like I was wondering I don't want to
think I'm like fantasizing about a
menage and you know girl I was gonna say
that it does sound a little bit Taylor
Swift yeah what about like hey sorry
can't talk right now too busy working
out in lingerie
mm or like whatever that's cool like I'm
cool whatever girl wait I got it I got
it what what the ultimate response tell
me you're gonna reply saying okay girl
totally diaper gay holdout do it do it
done slay honestly girl you are so smart
this is why I call you but you get me
though right like you would react the
same way girl I did it okay I'd react
the exact same way exactly go she's
totally has you replied yet nope what an
idiot Lala girl he's online what'd he
say nothing yet douche
wait what girl she said speak soon
another fragment like what now I don't
deserve English what am i some sort of
peasant rude rude rude girl
rude that's it that's it girl he wants
to reply to me and half sentences the
next time he comes over he can have half
the booty work girl Kay slay slay
whatever I wanna see I don't know why I
keep thinking I want to be in a
relationship it's a lot of work girl so
much work I'm done whatever whatever his
loss girl whatever bye girl bye sweet
Alma get me song tonight
