hello hello today we are reacting to
number sign left by a superwoman humble
the poet and I'm going to tell you what
I think you ready
okay let's see what kind of stupid thing
my daughter do now you ready hello okay
look at this house get these people's
clothes with these people clothes they
didn't steroid you see so big I dunno
how much property value this house fair
I don't understand what are you doing
testing yourself I don't get it I used
to look like this hey when I was young I
used to Kabaddi yeah I have also I just
said I don't want to show our fellow oh
oh you need a massage I give you $20
fair Lily what you touching you like
this huh you watching too much Ellen
okay still got to wait symbols but I pay
your bloody tuition bills okay still got
to be symbols to pay idiot okay if I you
touching this manner do you want to
marry this man why'd you touch it return
her you trying to a baby huh don't do
like you don't listen to this man
bad man today with it good God see this
what you get fall fall
I don't care I'm not taking no hostile
get $300 headphone they made of God oh
look this girl dancing on you does your
mother know you dancing on home with the
pot you're supposed to throw money like
this huh
this virtual parents teach you you think
money grow on trees huh you do pyaza and
rap in this this what kids do they do
two things at once taking picture eating
peas are rapping like this or like this
boy only is going ponytail get this deal
oh look Lele friend all okay they are
gummy garlic mostly Lily that's bad one
okay see asking who Lucas and you see is
csing solution look she changing her
clothes now or look Lily I like this
poetry I don't like it
did I need you to look at a man like
this you look at a daddy daddy have
mustard like this what you think you can
look at a man with mushroom I like you
ready to do this thing if you see the
way you do you go like this you go you
gonna find nice Indian boy with a fat
tummy with a degree okay you don't need
this muscle you need muscle in the brain
everywhere you look everywhere like this
let you see what I am doing loudini I'm
humble support nobody a nice boy is
reading in the back that's right you see
how nice good he have nice bit this how
bone should have been boys eating shrimp
in making design making amazed over to
bait you want to go and do dance like
this then they pay attention whoa-ho to
have a party everybody dancing having
good time see huh
Oh Drake I know they know they know they
know but they say raise the roof the
roof here I want to put it up in here ah
ah you dancing like stupid shower a
shower look at this one look at this
water you doing like this but literally
never stop learning that's right you
know why that's good because you can
have everything you are nothing without
education spread love you see that's
right love put like this look you wanna
make you help you see that's right do
what make your parents happy
that's right Olga Olga chase your dream
that's right you see kid if you want to
be doctor that you can either doctor
look everybody going slow fast so fast
Ninh I know everything City you do
everybody jump you now you're in trouble
when we see you on the house you see
what the chicken lasagna
you see his house new necks hands I
think this very good song because you
know everything ladies they just do
particular doing so many stupid thing I
personally very much so relate to the
song because I think all kids are dumb
you have exam tomorrow but you watching
my daughter on YouTube yeah you may
close at home you leave how to go to
people who take off clothes laughs what
up t-shirt reference you telling mommy
I'm not feeling good I don't want to go
school but mommy I want to go to party
yeah you call friend over you sit
together and then you both take our
phone laughs haha please had reference
again no but to reference you always
calling mommy stupid when I went you
hungry you say mommy I'm hungry
yeah uh-huh you're like that what if I
wants a girl Superman I hope you enjoyed
that video if you have not yet listen to
my new trap with humble the poet called
lack what the mama rasta you know and
read and click right there and open a
new window and everything so I won't
even disrupt this chemistry we're having
go ahead and click that while you click
that out you make some funny faces at
you and if you sit in there like you're
superwoman where'd you get this sick
shirt don't roll on six early right now
triple w dot last shirt calm they're
only available until July eighth so
after July eighth you will never ever be
able to get this shirt again and if you
like this video make sure you rate
comment and click that subscribe button
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday until next time one
love superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
la Lily let us
y'all got to wishin Buster pay look
swiping daddy's heart at the club sweet
you moon life being hard look
