where in the world is superwoman today
LA in a hotel son living fancy I don't
have a microwave and I need more towels
what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman and you know what I like most
about making YouTube videos is when I
make a video and I look at the comments
and everyone's like oh my god I can
totally relate and I'm all like right
and then you saw like I thought I was
the only one and let me tell you baby
you are never the only one we all go
through the same ish just eyeliner on my
arm mmm
we all go through the same ish and
relatives are no exception aunts uncles
cousins allow me to tell you the types
of relatives we all have number one the
clueless ego now this is the end who's
just totally oblivious to what's going
on in the real world like she has no
idea what's happening it's like the
whole family is at Disneyland today
having a great time and she's alone in
the basement playing Marco Polo suck
Marco hello Marco Marco you will find
her at social gatherings just bragging
about her kids about how her daughter so
super smart
her son is becoming a lawyer her other
son just got a new job Lala your kids
must be just so much better than
everyone else's kids in fact did it take
11 months to give birth to your son
because he's like human 2.0 you know he
probably like just transformed out of
your body and then just cut his own
umbilical cords like my doctor got all a
plus on her report card yeah that is the
only positive she's getting on tests
okay because everybody else know your
daughter is pregnant and you just think
your daughter ate too much roofie today
Monaco my son making six-figure business
deals you know yeah he's also been a
drug dealer for six years okay his
savings bank account ain't the only
thing that's high Monaco
you know I hear that below skit always
drinking and smoking my kids never
smoking they don't like this ping
honestly on Christmas I wouldn't be
surprised if Santa tried to slide down
your son because he thought he was a
chimney just all the smoke smoking all
things I legitimately could make s'mores
in your son's lungs Marco no one is
saying polo okay you are totally lost
and confused so stop bragging about your
kids and judging everyone else's kids
because your kids all right number two
the champion cousin we all have that one
cousin that everyone just loves because
they're perfect they're super smart can
speak perfectly in the mother tongue
always finish their food and always just
super polite and fantastic to everyone
and that cousin is super annoying okay
because they thrive off that ish they
love feeling like they're better than
all the other kids in the family and
they love having their lips just suction
to everyone's butt cheeks but I can't
jump that high but I swear my butt
cheeks there and you just know that
they're never completely themselves and
they're fake because no one is that
perfect all the time because we all know
this curry right here is burned okay and
I'm watching you from across the table
and I know this tastes bad and I'm
watching you eat it and you're just
ripping off your perfect 90-degree
Dolphy piece of yours like I'm beets
very tasty hmm and now everybody at the
table loves you but I hate you because
you disgust me because I'm about to hide
this burnt up curry under my napkin and
throw it away and be judged by everyone
oh now you want to help with the dishes
too okay and you do that I'm gonna go
play some video games but I'll see you
later
okay probably a problem when you bring
your dad as a date eff off number three
the self esteem record doo doo dee dee
now this is the type of aunt that you
want to burn with a magnifying glass on
a hot summer day because she has no
social skills literally if Instagram was
a person and that version
Instagram had no filters this end would
be that person because she's about to
point out all your flaws just likely
come in what happened to your face
look your fear so many pimples aren't
you washing your face why do you use it
to wash your face I'm going to bring you
so from India I have one you used to
have such nice skin baby come here you
gained some weight huh
you look a little bit fat you should do
exercise every day come let me see what
you bearing huh
what is this I don't like it it's ugly
like hi hello for someone who always has
lipstick on her teeth
anywhere's running shoes with her Indian
suits you're hella judgmental so do us
all a favor and just drink a glass of
Valencia and filter your mouth you
self-esteem record a que se W aka soul
it saw your mouth shock mmm number four
the unnecessary uncle God now this uncle
just has to say something about
everything and then when he's done
saying that thing he will say something
else and then something else and then it
will repeat itself and because of this
you will do anything to avoid a
conversation with this uncle because it
will inevitably turn into some long
lecture about nothing really how old you
are no I'm 25 uncle hmm
you got 25 days saying people start
doing drugs make sure you don't do drugs
okay you do grass no I don't do drugs
uncle you shut because drugs get you
yeah I know and you do exercise you
should start doing exercise yeah I go to
the gym every day bitch gym you go hon
you know when you bring gym boys
probably watching you what that rolls
you betting when you go Jim huh I wear a
snowsuit just a turtleneck and then a
snow suit on top of the journal bag and
you make sure you don't have a boyfriend
okay never I know boys these days I keep
telling I love you I want to spend life
with you then I okay you never trust
boys exactly 1% because I know you going
everywhere more movie then you talk into
every boy I know
no go we only talk to girls ed Tom you
listen to me okay listen
you make sure you're not lesbian okay I
won't talk to anyone good okay and you
make sure you always have insurance
number five the DanceMaster 5000 now we
all have that one aunt or uncle who is
notoriously known for their dancing
style and usually it's one specific move
that is so absolutely ridiculous but
that doesn't stop them from performing
it every single family party hi dad I'm
talking to you
examples include the pepper twister
killing the spider supposed to pay the
indecisive crap taker well I'm big
laughs no I don't know I do I don't know
I don't Oh unless you say this is part
one of types of relatives because our
families are crazy
also I'm so excited don't forget that my
new track let with humble the poet is
premiering on my channel tomorrow music
videos coming out it's already available
on iTunes but the official music video
is premiering on my channel tomorrow my
life just died tomorrow 4 o'clock p.m.
Eastern Standard Time so make sure you
check that out on my channel tomorrow as
for now make sure you rate comment and
click that subscribe button because I do
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday one love superwoman that is a
wrap and you I hope you enjoyed that
video as per usual you can click right
there to check out my last video
also click right there to check out the
behind the scenes of the official lat
music video as I mentioned it's coming
out tomorrow but stop it light but the
behind the scenes is right there
available for you to watch right now so
go show it some love and I'll see you
here tomorrow
