it's happening it's all happening - stop
harassing me water on Twitter because
it's happening right now today is a very
very special early life I don't even
have to ask if you can see me or hear me
because my boy Tony
is behind the camera Tony pick up
yourself he's doing this kind of camera
you can't see what he's doing it today's
special for two reasons a one kyle is
here I've allowed him to be in the frame
oh very good today he warded new outfits
um he is gonna be my co-host of this
daily live because it is very special
why is very special it's a music
condition it's called music madness to
me drum roll so I can set again more
enthusiastic with music madness that's
what it's called Tony is already
adjusting the mic because I'm too loud
so it's about to be lit Pham right now
why are we doing the music basically
live because I'd like to share all my
partners over at Apple music for making
this particularly life possible
you don't know I have a curing playlist
on Apple music has poor playlist right
now and a lady I'm just saying - my
favorite that's more question I listened
to the back and our boss won quite a bit
because and I like my soca music I
listen Tony shower
this is all I'm just a few injuries it
taking place but what's your favorite
one she did that she did actually you
know Tia Mowry you should keep saying
that now ever since like really that
play that she's like did that I think
that's like the first time she's heard
of that terminology she's so darling
cute but um yeah so a part about the
music was doing a music theme Lily
laughs Adam Stokes that cuz I don't
think people actually know this I think
it's like a common sense thing to say
really I like music I think it's where
when people are like do you like music
everybody likes me I don't think people
understand the giving you watch you
might understand how much I like music
anything you know I actually do music
almost like every waking hour unless I'm
writing a script I am listening to music
so when I'm in the shower have a shower
speaker I'm listening to music the
second I'm done drying myself I turn off
night I play it on my phone it's like
this constant walking downstairs music
playing Selene is classic music like I'm
obsessed but really fun game
and you can join the conversation on
Twitter you can tweet me I support when
I eye quality Coons you can tweet as
well at mmm okay it is funny daddy's a
cocoon that thick daddy Coons yeah okay
so the first game that we could play
because thing about music is music tells
us to worry music creates memories and
we know team super okay team super loves
story time I thought I could share some
stories about certain songs what they
mean to mean what they represent to me
in terms of memory some of them might be
sad so I'm gonna might be spicy I'm
soaked give me a situation kind I will
tell you a song associated with that
situation how about this one okay since
you are superwoman that is true Wayne
what song most reminds you of a
superwoman okay so I fit every tune
separate teams of watchings right now oh
my god we've heard this answer a hundred
times you're right the name super moon
was created from a little more featuring
fabulous hip hop song but like you'll
also know that actually you read my book
you do Alicia Keys has no song called
super as well and even though I love the
little more featuring Fabio song that's
my name comes from the music video for
super you ever seen it yeah Alicia Keys
music reader superwoman is so good and
empowers if you're feeling down in the
dumps you can pick me up girl Alicia
Keys is the go-to
so so that's that's what makes the name
especially word word let's go with the
first song that you a slow dance to do
you remember how do you even slow dance
ten are you still waiting for someone
asks with the dance we don't have to be
make different wine really slow okay
thank you
the first thoughts I had was actually in
grade seven or eight mom and dad okay
I'm sure there are probably great hurry
on up and it was Jenny
one differences yeah genuine differences
if you don't know that song go look it
up look it up right now it is the jam
and a half and it's a really really nice
essentials it was actually my friend it
was you know the school dance whatever
ones awkward and they stand I was like I
can't do it your girl like I did your
boy um one of my close friends was like
hey do one dance and it was like just
mean I suppose my friend yeah I was
pregnant
oh yeah I know we made out no kidding it
was my friend dance this friend
escalated quickly
um the first song you downloaded back
when the internet first America okay
calm now just because my interests are
like my first song ever downloaded I'll
start with this it took six hours what
to download what my internet kitchen six
hours and I let it download the whole
six hours and it was alia try again okay
well we can get that in point six
seconds yeah try that
oh yeah is my girl I just love Ilyas
music if you are younger and you don't
know Evalia because unfortunately passed
away at such a young age you should
definitely look at some Leah's music all
of it
all times yeah
I don't think I've ever seen you cries I
don't actually know if you've never seen
me cry I think I haven't really other
than in your documentary know what yeah
no I'm just bone cold yeah nursing crab
is there a song that makes you cry and
if so why you see me cried cried in
Kenya okay I think it goes back like
it's very difficult when we cry just on
base of a song there's no bunch of
visuals I think a song that I think is
very very beautiful as Casey and Jo Jo
all my life I think that song is just
all around a beautiful song but in terms
of like the vegetables almost sound like
a music video as well it's the recent
one Alessia Cara and logic that one
yeah I watched the music video recently
I was balling it is so good oh my god
okay yeah okay no they expect that two
answers to answers look at me I got two
real human emotions out here okay this
is another older song probably okay well
when you first got your car what was one
of the first songs you played in your
car do you remember like when you first
here's the thing
Oh first started driving okay we didn't
have a fun game maybe your first car
that was your car okay yeah so the car I
have right now that was your first pilot
was your car that I purchased on my own
Oh that you personally is a bummer only
one look and I made sure I was in the
hole the other thing mom Riley one love
has to bless this car man
my car will move forward with love now I
just rush everywhere and speed every
word that's kind of gone now no but Bob
Marley one look is that the same with
your home yes actually I think Bob I
think Bob Marley would love is my like
song that I'm blessed things a new home
new car you know new relationship first
date I'm just there with my iPhone just
just let this work out Bob okay well
what what is a song oh no that just you
know puts you in the mood of like whoa
I'm feeling myself and I'm feeling good
and like maybe I wanted to sit on
someone's it half right now sexy
um someone help me with this song title
basically no bras the one it's like
darker than the ocean deeper than the
sea you know it everyone knows it
someone up back there knows it I know it
hey it's good hey don't you like it
okay that's your desk it's a new one
it's aleena bras that's that's your like
sexy
yeah okay it's like electric yeah okay
electric I don't think I've ever heard
it I think you have okay cool I played
an office like every day okay next time
we wanted a to answers right now I know
yours what is it
but you know why do you know a new one
with anyone oh wait there might be more
than one well what is it
it's deliver one you deliver four times
it whoa Matt Lauer on she did that but
um another song is older it's Beyonce
dance for you that's a great song just
because every girl that or guy who
watches this music video just believes
they can dance and all crews you can't
but you feel like you could maybe dance
like Beyonce yeah you know they give me
that false hope I'm giving you a ball so
know I have that possible like oh yeah I
told you oh my bad only been that way
but why don't you also tweet us and let
us know what songs mean something
special to you what's the first song
that you slow dance to what's the first
sound at you know kissing 200 and God
knows all these like 14 1561 seems to
whoever's gonna be like oh here we go
second third fourth abuse that you know
yeah people know electric okay maybe you
just need it I'm sorry maybe just meet
me I got matches but let tweet us and
let us know what songs are special to
you and what they mean I'm curious to
know business like that tells a lot
about a person when you find out what
their song in the morning stuff in case
you are just joining us this is a lily
live it is the music Magnus episode
bruza don't know I have a awesomesauce
playlists playlists playlists
it's a boss pain it's on Apple music and
if you ever want to just get a lot of
work done or maybe just bust some wine
or maybe just be getting ready and want
somebody listen to my playlist are there
for you to me so what do I guess quality
next we're gonna play we're new a
challenge oh let's do it what's the
challenge this is gonna be
song title whisper challenge Oh trick
question
tweet who's the first person ever to the
whisper challenge with you uh-huh
I think I know who is it Gabby nope did
you do it be fair I didn't do it but
when you did it
anybody Oh Miranda no Fred fan thanks I
can you zoom in on me so I can just just
blatantly take then that said the words
many times does make sense a more fake
fan Shane Dawson was for challenge with
Wow and you know shakey got real close
to mine geez those real intimate it was
a real ting it was a real tank who's
that over whatever you prefer my
headphones we got some headphones
nineteen crash you know boom boom boom
you know my makeup getting all over this
money is gonna be all over this
dad the phone my tube thank you boys and
girls now wear makeup when you have
foundation on and you put something like
this on Baskin you ask you did you just
throw the receipt out right now in there
because it's not good so I think you're
gonna hear music I hear music can you
hear me
I hear music I mean I know you're saying
can you hear me okay but I'm gonna have
to whisk now I don't know say so we have
song titles from songs on our playlist
and how do I show should I show them
cheshire the audience okay
don't know I need I need your turn your
text messages often in order case not
already please turn off their text
message notifications that you here to
me might
okay stop turn them up okay you ready
okay right woman woman ten degrees away
Tim
homemade okay lasagna
homie exactly phone set now sandwiches
space
let's see Didier okay you get two more
chance okay homie daga me yes yes I'll
give us you yeah
Oh your makeups will get oh my god what
do I pick these well yeah you can show
them up there okay oh yeah I can't hear
anything
are you ready Moodle Vic we shall get
wah wah wah ok do one word I'm lying I'm
sorry no ok I'm starting now ok Charlie
Charles s stars am I getting this am i
getting their stars scars scars can I
guess whole thing I know a word with
scars
alright first of all lower your voice I
know we just got this meme earlier of us
ok
it's Alessia Cara scars - you're
beautiful yes that was all right give it
to me okay oh my gosh sticking together
okay
oh my goodness yes okay you ready oh
yeah this am i live see how many words
it is just turn it up a little bit ready
just kidding JK one word its natural
rate you zoom in Jack still just Jane
shame shame shame shining shining no
shay-shay
cook shake yes yeah
shake ya ya ya bum shake him up Congrats
she's a winner that is not going on Wow
surprised you said bump up well Amos
geysers like you know shake your
buttocks
alright okay how we doing we're doing
good okay
wow this is loud but it's night that's a
body with song by the way yeah that's
exactly how they dance okay wow this
song is great okay I I can guess it
right away
get it myself I just thought I just knew
it did you just happy I was like just
really good Wow where do I'm wait one
more you know yeah that works
our brakes right we don't have any this
one no okay okay okay
ready ghost goat don't ya
don't you I meant that was very bad for
mother I know the joke don't judge me on
that okay okay what last one is I think
I'm moving on in everyone ever am i
really allowed wanna have his own just
no volume control of myself
mmm curly curling their Earling curl
you said curl already and I send alright
so I can't hear it
crow crow is a crow no I said curl wait
okay girl yeah girl girl girl thing
girl on girl fire that was really fun yo
if you're joining up and you're like
what the trash trash people doing
welcome to music Magnus let me have a
very special one and if you wonder where
you can listen to some dope music as
well I got hoes including all those I
got some cured players on Apple music
the boughs playlist Bai Lili's thing so
go ahead and do that because it makes my
day didn't you also introduced a lot of
new music
yeah all that soca music alright what's
next this is the fun part
whispering I'm not create something with
it seems super random is it babies um
probably mad okay but telling what to do
of course I know what we're doing I just
act like I know so then when I know I
seem so prepared so like I mentioned I
already have four playlists on Apple
music you know I thought since you know
I love doing everything with all y'all
we could create another one together
because when I'm thinking up this
playlist amours like what what seems to
want to listen too much trying to get in
your head a little bit ask you straight
out you know so we're gonna make a play
this but you're gonna vote for it here
at some go down jump onto my Twitter
right now a Superman III and you're
gonna vote for one of three playlist
options whichever get the highest amount
of votes and one let's go for like five
ish minutes we are going to create that
play this together right now like
breaking news live right now what are
the options guy tell us options go today
okay number one tweet them out right now
never know what dummy Bollywood box
buddy what busking Brown okay never do
me unwind your mind unwind your mind you
know when you had a long day work music
I just need to put up your then see it
on the couch that type of stuff okay and
number three to play this conquer your
thoughts conquer your thoughts which
it's all about focusing yeah it was
mentioning my boss book boom boom boom
he's doing this because they're below
here I know you can't see them with that
because we have a no production value
and we are using our boss books as and
when she's just low so he means really
high because that's the most expensive
tripod that you would ever ever I'm so
right now I just tweeted it out how
you're asking when I'm here because
opelu buzz are in my house and they have
tweeted from I later I already told you
I'm gonna give you goldfish crackers
later okay stop it they tweeted it up
they said they don't do this it's gonna
be up for 10 minutes isn't me for temas
during now go run run run tell your
neighbor tell your uncle
uncle's neighbor tell your uncle's
neighbor's dog tell your everyone
tell your mommy and your daddy and your
sisters mommy to tell everybody about
this I need you to boat we go create
this place it is gonna be our baby okay
but the good news is this baby will not
give us stretch marks okay
this baby will not swell any areas this
baby will be ours and we can listen to a
top and will actually enjoy this I had
multiple people tweet me to quiet myself
so I'm not talking about the street
quiet yourself no people just tell me to
shut up a true fact any time I walk into
a set every single time a person turns
down the mic they like give me a test um
this is where I do what can you give me
a test like yup so I'm going to talk
like this is okay I'm gonna talk they're
great action yo what's up everyone into
the always I've turned down again to
love anyway who do next
okay so Wow I don't like Bobby you all
got a vote and then we're gonna reveal
artwork for whichever you guys choose
but in the meantime we're gonna play
another game we're gonna still reference
a song title still reference up so
hotels care how we going to with this
time we gonna do charades okay I love I
love I love charades all right we've had
some competitive charades
I just AM a poor sport sometimes so
we'll see how we do you want to go first
so I go for something I don't you
actually yeah the change in emotion
because I thought one way now is that
normal okay y'all tweet me some clues
okay you're gonna have to do charades
sitting down which is yes that's okay
okay we start with words okay three
words one syllable first word arm
one syllable one syllable there you go
birth baby deliver cradle mmm rock birth
birthing BIR pregnant
is there any welcome okay third word one
syllable there over there
look out not me then it's that way that
way okay okay I can now that I have that
I can start working okay
second word T is that cheating okay I
don't
okay I think I know what that means this
is a simple trade you know does me no
but you can describe it okay one word
yeah
first word born this way thank you
oh wow why not call it born Wow this is
duh oh okay yeah yeah yeah okay that's
okay
you got to know I got a point I got a
point good job
okay job turn your eyes away okay okay
Oh
okay that's that's not a good thing
don't look I wasn't looking you work
here
pineapple no zebra two words is the
first word awkward antisocial no second
word say a second word towards I got
that towards me driving me gasps
coffee opening me okay walking taking
out something cup fitting it slushy
slippery slushy Slurpee fleshy just
plushie plushie slippery I see
/e slurp slurp sir sir free step you
machine big big Slurpee machine big mr.
P it says every machine slug step inside
I don't know what is it Kyle sweating I
want everyone to know right now that
Kyle's profusely sweating profusely
sweating um we don't know it you
definitely do I'm just gonna say that
okay so back to that Slurpee machine ice
there's Isis that maybe you in a
convenience store 7-eleven yeah Jim be
okay movie song woo okay yeah always it
relate it back to the plane
because we no woman is left about them
but already - or minutes left
okay don't wanna bow just like on the
playlist do it right okay this is gonna
be hard okay oh no okay okay three words
third word eat twirl pasta mix stir
slurp a bowl pasta spaghetti sauce oh
that's a third word is it like so much
sauce is that the too much sauce bye
Chloe and Hayley is that who it is
yes yes yeah okay you're really good
depicting things I'm for one more but if
you haven't voted yet header owns my
Twitter eye and let me know which plan
is do you want to create together so we
can have a baby together
your boy struggles okay here we go
actually this is maybe gonna be really
hard
let's try we can do a bleb and even us
okay you ready yeah I'm ready I'm ready
okay
towards first right two syllables first
of all my syllables right now so first
word two syllables for still okay pull
bow okay both bonus second syllable what
I yelled yes oh good you did that very
well
I knew I could do bow and I was like I'm
sure I could do yellow but you're like
okay do have it final
it's wrapping up right now what do you
think it's gonna be back to the boats
predictions predictions what do you
think is gonna have a prediction I have
a very I think I don't have a on the
count three yeah one two three
let me guess now check check your
Twitter's check-ins run to the Twitter's
okay what y'all vote on what did you do
oh my god it was so close
thirty-four percent to thirty four
percent to thirty two percent just so
you know open the tie conquer your
thoughts how it's time that means it
just has like a couple more votes
conquer your thoughts
oh not expecting that you surprised me
little ones okay
that's because times almost living is
about sleeping right now we are now
we're gonna tweet out and review the
artwork for that one daddy is lady okay
so we're one of these will be made yes
likely they'll probably ultimate but
today the one we're making together as a
child so what are the next steps after
that work the next steps is and now they
can tweet us we're gonna tweet out the
artwork right now and reply to that
tweet and use hashtag really rise and
tell us what songs you think so I want
you to think very plain conquering your
thoughts what songs you listen to that
make for you like I need to focus and
get stuff done tweet us those songs so
we can make this play
together they can be old they can be new
because we can't we have all options odd
options are here we have all the options
all right okay
I mean we're gonna have to come up with
a couple right now cuz we're gonna make
it live
oh we're gonna be alive together yeah
I'm gonna start looking at tweets okay
okay wait wait masako's I mean we should
make it ever she's saying slow down
everything is slow ooba-dooba said
someone reading Tara wheeler one thing
is slow I can tell you some updates
about my life um can you zoom into me a
little bit Tony my man
okay so exciting snap happy when I first
and foremost I want to thank everyone
for all the support with the girl of her
free keys we sold over 21,000 gold those
like sixteen thousand twenty one
thousand and a thousand girls gained
access to education thank you so so so
much everything it's really beautiful it
is really really people and actually
really like the pin as well like I'm
obsessed but I'm not wearing right now
is I'm caught up I'm so obsessed with
the pain it is so cute what else is new
you already know that twelve class
coming up we got a head start
my whole team was shocked when they got
an email from me but like a month ago
yeah where'd he shot one you already
know what's up how was what was your
reaction when you meant that you know um
relief primarily
twelve collabs gonna be amazing we're
doing my team is putting in that work
for 12 on beating yeah also my video
coming out on Monday if you watch the
Bob town you already know what's up but
I'm just let you know Monday the 23rd is
it yeah you need to keep your eyes
peeled on this channel because the video
is about to bleed though
Wow and I'm gonna need all of your help
to spread it because it is it's a time
it's a time any other
so um not too much there's just some you
know some secret projects some secret
things don't we talk what you it was it
to my face right now cuz I really want
to emphasize you know some okay now I
think we have a lot of options to start
okay what are the options I'm here
conquer your thoughts let's do it no
firework by Katy Perry is one okay
because they do you ever feel like a
plastic bag drifting through the wind
yeah I do
wanting to start again yeah absolutely
oh we should be summer's okay done next
um focused Bionic on its that too on the
nose there's a couple no no I like that
I like that it's on the nose I like
thematic things focus is good okay we'll
put focus by hmm what about why don't we
missus crying over there anyway yeah oh
we got some eNOS I'm seeing some sleep
like a champion Selena I did what I'm
actually I did tell that was my favorite
song of hers I do love that song like a
champion yeah let's do it
oh the greatest I like that yeah that's
the greatest by SIA that's a really good
one another fantastic music bit of an
obviously see oh whatever it takes by
manager wow that was a good facial
expression you see calcio Isaac that's
what just did as you did right now you
should also go speak you imagine dragons
Colin are obsessed with thunder thunder
throughout the day bad movies like long
not long all we do all day every day
different okay well where does the place
go like that but when do we do it's
gonna go
today I'm announcing yeah and you can
see it under Bob and I say y'all is it
legit check it out because the quality
of my life has significantly improved
listening to my own place okay around
all these planets are curated by me
their songs
I enjoy well now he's like and now this
one you as well because you are a parent
will decide who gets who on the holidays
but like yo it's late and you should
definitely because the quality my life
is significantly significantly improved
I'm just saying that legit if you are a
music lover which I feel like almost
multi people are you want to get on this
fly by Nicki Minaj around that's a yeah
that's a good one yo I am doing this I'm
not sure from a lobbyist in song that's
my solution anyways yeah cool do you
want to do one more game sure which one
out of the three that we've played do
you want to do again story time I want
to do the I want to do da whispering one
whispering I like do whispering one I
like that one as well
okay and I don't think a decent amount
my makeup has gone on this no I don't
actually
big fail on my phone alright cuz we have
a laugh it makes so hard to make sure
you zoom into our faces especially
Kyle's we trust one
okay oh gosh no smash debates yeah
fanboy fan mill vagabond how'd you say
they go bomb because music okay sorry I
had to do another one
okay well with the body would song ready
okay I already full full tune to love
fool to love your Facebook you take it
one by one one oh maybe not that one
okay okay upper hand pull humble yes
that's it
sit down be it be humble no oh it's
humble with a period you want Raylan
yeah okay right yep wonder wonder wonder
what I have not said yes by now huh one
earth one or one one but water water
beneath the bridge is that's a water be
water me button is that Liz oh you're so
laughing what was the meeting you Jonah
but me but no funny it was about like
when you're going to pay everything and
you're giving them your credit card when
you like broken up like yeah this credit
card doesn't work it verifies first of
all lower your volume me me analysis all
because well it's because now I have so
many cars
Canadians mix up still so like I
literally give cosmic didn't go through
it even though I know it's just that
they're using the wrong car I'll still
be like yeah this car did not work ma'am
oh yeah can we get this dude store
cashier three we have a fraudulent
credit card even mm-hmm trash bags do
that first of all please okay I wanna do
one more okay I keep forgetting it loser
sorry I keep forgetting these are all
songs on our always the good can I turn
this up a little oh my god I got this
first kiss okay
can we break it up into a sure sorry
okay to it oh okay
swish swish I knew your basic self would
get that oh you know okay I think we're
sorry playlist about to go live
yeah we're gonna add a couple more songs
nothing why just pages to go laughs Oh
first thing I thought was a good one
um concentrated by a demi that makes a
lot of sense
speaking of which I recently met Demi
and she is just stunningly beautiful can
we just take a moment Kyle you were
there as well she's she's stunningly
beautiful her skin is so radiant yes as
is yours oh no no no this foundation and
concealer
okay so let's add a couple more I don't
know what we're doing we don't you say
you don't know what we're doing this is
music madness version of Lily live when
we're celebrating the beauty that is
music if you didn't know I have four
curated playlists on Apple music box by
Lilly Singh and we are creating a fifth
one right now it is gonna be conquer
your thoughts and it is being created
because you are sending a song
suggestions and the playlist themes we
focus comprehend thoughts obviously and
really narrowing down what you working
on right then in that moment okay I like
this one okay do you know Colbie Caillat
I think so a song called try uh-huh it's
good okay it's a good like Shawn
up your confidence your motivation right
you know speaking of conquering thoughts
Colwyn you have a lot of work to do what
do you do to get this on board what do I
do
yeah he does he's a thing about Kyle -
but Oh Kyle like me and Kyle couldn't
really work in the same office I'm doing
emails and stuff it's fine but if I'm
ever doing script Brad go upstairs
because this is this is live footage of
Kyle okay can you be mean of you yeah
okay can you just say okay guys I'm
gonna work on a script don't bother me
wait who is who
no am i you i'm you yeah yeah you say
I'm what can i script above me okay I'm
working on a script guys please don't
bother me daddy got it yep so shoot days
what are you thinking I'm thinking like
Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday you can
write a script every day right yeah
working on script right oh sorry yes sir
Lily's live I was thinking what do you
think of it early Kyle what do you think
for Lily like what do you think we
should do you can probably just do
something with like music but like this
okay Oh break sorry I just no air
conditioning I you know I just I cannot
stop talking when you're ready good not
and another fun thing about my team and
you cannot even say it again everyone on
my team this is a common thing I'm just
gonna it's gonna sound cocky but I'm
gonna say it and you're gonna tell me if
I'm lying okay
we could work like a 10-hour workday
right now again my team will be
exhausted they'll come up to me to say
bye okay we're going home for the night
little cool go and then they will
proceed to stand there in front of me
and continue just being in my presence
okay even though this okay we're going
home now so what are we gonna eat
okay can I get you anything I also got
it so oh my god tell me about like yours
life they will not leave
that's with me obsessed and I'm obsessed
with that was like a sickening
relationship I'll leave it'll be that
one am one is someone mighty mystery was
just a one-day haven't even still she
was like so should we go over your
schedule for tomorrow again look I love
it I love it
I'm a wonderful person to work with okay
add a couple more and then we're gonna
okay which ones are we adding let's do
it
oh now whore in this town oh yeah I like
I sound a lot
how's it going you sing a little bit I
don't remember how it goes but I
remember listening to on the radio being
I could really really like that song
like this voice is it is that one
to be fair nada is nodding and if not of
nodding that's not a very clear
indicator because not I can't there hum
the tune to anything yeah it's good
let's add that and Oh what did you add
in Masako oompa loompa here to keep her
identity
yes firework focus like a champion the
greatest whatever it takes
fly fly
Hall of Fame so baby I'm so ready
not sorry J 1 rad love y'all know what
about Natasha Bedingfield yes
I don't know what were they just like um
this is we do song let's add a fool me
Natasha that's a good one
well we'll push this live we'll continue
to update that yeah but y'all can find
it on Apple music no but for real if you
ever wanna listen to what I'm listening
to it's most often gonna be the music I
swear to god that's where I listen to
all day in the shower when I'm taking a
tinkle all those things I'm missing this
playlist all the time
okay well then to answer a question
you're probably do yes and you can get
this on Android not being brand new out
here you can after this gonna answer you
there's nothing you can do it but where
and when I have stored the Android apps
yes exactly if you have a if you have
iPhone it's the music app yeah hello no
it's okay okay
and are you ready to wrap it up and now
I'm gonna read this sign it says the
link is in the description the link is
in the description for all of these
things no for real though you know I
don't talk about things that aren't you
genuinely like at least in the
description where you can listen to my
playlist on Apple music boughs but it's
a and not to mention I stock food music
all the imagery as well
he's been on point I have I have
personally customized each of them to
make to make it feel a way that makes me
feeling like the music so all those
links are in the description make sure
you go heat it up easy by now yeah oh
we're leaving okay I'm so sorry to be
such a late notice of this Lee live by
the way I'm trying to get better but
what I'm so just happy is not always on
the 14 because I actually can do it well
with people I enjoy and reliable Wi-Fi
places so thank you so much for joining
me live well carry ons conversation on
Twitter I want to know more about your
music taste your preferences because I'm
still making more playlists and I want
to make some for you so that when you
reach uh my friend should be like oh my
girl my friend Lily she made this play
list for me you know and it could be
like back in the day I always made you
the mix CDs do you and a half you don't
know what a CD is but that's okay know
what I'm talking about
thank you so much for joining us and
I'll see you at the next Lily
laughs and all that one love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop
baby young sovereign not sorry
