where in the world is superwoman today
eight and a hime or LA I'm not really
sure where I am to be honest
VidCon whatever when it's a girl so born
yes that's right I'm at VidCon my first
ever vid con and I'm so excited but the
problem is I'm in a hotel with hundreds
of other youtubers and they're sucking
up all the Wi-Fi juice and my channel
sitting over here like a neglected baby
like the thirst is real
give me the Wi-Fi juice and I've been
told it's gonna take me like four or
five hours upload a video because the
Wi-Fi sucks so I thought I'd make a
really really quick Q&A video like I
used to do back in the day so shall we
get to it I went on Twitter and set Q me
and then Twitter said to me
Elizabeth Olimar asks would you date
another youtuber if so then who okay
this is a really awkward question
because I am dating another youtuber can
I show you my BAE slam even look the
same Miranda sings is my booty call and
so much more blue kiwi XD or blue key
wicks did Nick asks would you rather be
a human and lay eggs or chicken that
talks I feel like I'm already a chicken
that talks because lets me know if
there's a spider right there right now
I'd be like beavers babe asks how long
is your hair let me show you it's this
long pantry adjustment to our robot Sean
asks would you rather have a butt for a
face or a face for your butt interesting
I feel like I would want to have a face
for my butt because then I could put my
GoPro in my toilet take selfies my girl
Beverly D'Souza asks if Kingsley was
straight would you date him sweetheart
my life goal is to flip Kingsley and
marry him I swear I'll be a spatula if
it meant that I could flip Kingsley and
marry that mad because I mother-effing
love him King it's gonna happen don't if
you're watching this don't know you
think you like penis
but you don't you want all of this hi
mom
jessalyn or just lien because I'm
Punjabi asks McDonald's or Burger King
and I'm gonna go Burger King because
they have a killer veggie burger and
then amazing mozzarella sticks and they
don't treat vegetarians like some
neglected children in the side where but
dogs all like oh well give you a Big Mac
with no need or here's a veggie wrap
that's just crappy with a tortilla and
cheese and lettuce burn Kings like nah
I'll make you feel included okay
this ain't no Mean Girls a fast-food
industry okay I appreciate that and I
see you okay and I think your characters
are way better the King oh my
Burger King I'm like I'm upset with
Kingsley Sonia Patel lol likes to laugh
at her name she asked what is your
favorite sorry type I don't like wearing
saris because I like to pee in peace
Vaman asks what is the best moment in a
girl's life mmm I think the best moment
in any girl's life is the moment when
her period finishes and she takes a
shower and she puts on a pair of sexy
panties and she's just like who is ready
to wear tights and go swimming right now
right here I'm gonna scratch my butt
crack in peace right now post period but
scratch the best I went on Facebook and
said cue me at least new macro mature
Newton asked what's your worst
heartbreak I'm just saying I don't know
how they could do that to district 12
late Deb she asks why are you such a
thong
hashtag thug life hashtag let's listen
Ruff's
I didn't choose the thug life that that
lab chose me ah dick Chuck Greg asks can
you sing your favorite song no no a
little bit six a little rusty I don't
think I give it this one is for the boys
with the booming system top down AC with
the coolant system when you see him in
the club you blazin up got stacks on
deck like he's saving up any ill you
really you might get a deal you bounce
on you got the right kind of belt you
call you don't you might sell coke
you see them on the air but in our flat
co-chair mother mother Jeff seller other
ship ship when you make a drifter
kissing mother lipid that's the kind of
dude I was living about and yes I get
slapped if you look at home I said
excuse me you're a hell of a guy I mean
my mom I like I can fly me
he's so shot and I'm loving your tire
like sitting on the car gonna die oh yes
I did yes I did somebody please tell me
who the FI is I am really saying I'm Mac
the dudes up back coupes up and Chuck
the deuce up word I didn't use a thug
like a thug life Chuck friend Jack
O'Connor asks you actually read all
these comments jazz though Chan asks
what are some challenges that you faced
as a kid okay really nerdy when I was a
kid I used to get nosebleeds yes I used
to be that kid that had nosebleeds and I
tried to make friends and no one want to
be my friend and it was hard to make
friends because it's not so attractive
when you go up to people and you're like
hi I'm really do you want to play lonely
I'm so lonely
raucous Lina I see oh my god said you
have three names asks which animals do
you like and hate and which ones would
you hump I don't know I definitely
wouldn't want to hump like a porcupine
ain't nobody trying to bring this dived
up into place
bring it if that was the case I'd be
dating Edward Scissorhands an inch but I
ain't about that life
I pick an animal to hump I think I would
want to hump a panda they seem pretty
harmless it seems like it would just be
like yeah I'm down but at the same time
a panda seems like if I want to be free
Kia could be freaking on me like I want
a panda on the streets but a kung foo
ninja in the bed and I feel like a panda
could do that also ain't nothing hotter
than a black and white mix can I get an
amen
anyways that's it for this video I hope
you enjoyed me eating your cues for all
of you at VidCon I will be having my
meet and greet slash signing tomorrow
from 3 to 7 p.m. and I can't wait to
have all of your faces and if you're not
at VidCon then I'm sorry but for
everyone else be there 3 7 make sure you
rate comment and click that subscribe
button because I do make new videos
every Monday and Thursday our love to
have here so we can party together my
friend one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop
you take my water bottle from counter
what hello Tony uncle
how'd you are huh guess what today my
daughter have five million subscribers
