I am so sick right now what everyone
it's a girl superwoman and last night I
hit 3 million subscribers what even is
happening
3 million what up t-shirt reference get
it cuz it says 3 times you get and I was
so blessed to receive so many
congratulation tweets and messages and
it just hit me in my feels so in the
middle of all of this I'm at my friend's
house and my parents call something like
all right and I was all like thank you
thanks
oh hold on my parents are calling hello
hello Ricky what's up mom huh where are
you I'm at my friend's house okay yeah
ah so mom I hit three million
subscribers oh yeah daddy was saying
something like this
yeah aren't you gonna congratulate me
know if you don't show you do it me jack
but no no I'm telling you I did I did
huh she did huh
she did it one second hmm yeah hello
oh my god right Lily thanks mom
you take my water bottle from Tampa
what hello Tony uncle how'd you are huh
guess what today my daughter have five
million subscriber my water bottle I
only see one here where the red one yeah
I took it to my video show yesterday
yeah haha that's right
five million you know today the same on
the news that she better than Simpsons
okay where it is then oh I'm broke you
break my good water bottle yeah bro it's
Alan and ELISA hello Babu huh I don't
think you remembered me okay but long
time ago a tweet feed engagement you cut
me in the line you let me know I have to
bring ed glass water every day for
bottle ed class how the hell I'm not
gonna drink now no you did you did I
remember you know that day I eat my doll
without the rice because you finished
eyes okay mom there's more important
things to discuss right now hit three
million subscribers this one steel pot
okay nice lid never leaking anywhere
other bottle I tried drinking like this
that's it Niagara Falls everywhere why
we have the line huh that's okay that's
okay can you know why because today my
daughter hit 10 million subscriber Oh
mom I'll get you a new body forever I'm
sorry huh sorry what else is new huh
three million
okay bye-bye I cannot believe our
daughter have 12 million subscribers
that's amazing sure based on a true
story sang kinda okay I exaggerated it a
little a lot a lot but real talk thank
you so much for being one of those three
million people I cannot believe three
million people can tolerate all of this
and I got to give a special shout-out to
everyone always supports me including my
parents because regardless of whatever
jokes I think about them in the video
they're so supportive and I know I
wouldn't be anywhere close to where I am
without you so thank you so much and I
love you all so exciting announcement
before I go as some of you may know if
you follow me on social media I'm
releasing a song with humble the poet
music video is coming out July 1st but
the audio is releasing tomorrow so that
will be dropping tomorrow so make sure
you support that follow me on Twitter
and all that jazz to find out the
updates and make sure you rate comment
and click that subscribe button because
still 3 million people have done it they
can't all be wrong I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and I might
make you smile in your happy place one
love superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
a new person and I'm gonna tell you why
you can do whatever you want to do in
life and you might be wondering why
would you listen to me and my response
is why not it's only three minutes and I
did my eyeliner just for you
