what everyone it's your girl superwoman
real name Lily singing you may or may
not know me but either way right now
that is absolutely irrelevant because I
am exactly like you I have so many
dreams in life and so many things that I
want to do that both excites me and
stresses me out I've had my heart broken
so many times and I'm totally terrified
of growing up I have so many things to
do and like to do lists and I tell
myself I'm going to do them but then I
spend more time making my to-do list
than doing things Shh and I'm totally
content in life until I jump onto
Facebook and see another status about
someone getting engaged oh now I'm
eating a mars bar and googling pictures
of Beyonce and jay-z
and let's just say although I'm not
their daughter I'm still feeling blue I
get it
humans we're all of a saying yet we're
so different
now speaking of dreams and passions one
of my passions is to spread positivity
that's what I hope to do in these few
minutes to you my friend and I'm gonna
tell you what you can do whatever you
want to do in life and you might be
wondering why would you listen to me and
my response is why not it's only three
minutes and I did my eyeliner just for
you so whatever you're doing right now
you just stop and just stop right now
and you listen to me because after
you're done watching this video you're
going to resume your work and your life
with a fresh mindset and take over the
entire world are you ready the biggest
mistake people make in life is thinking
that their brain controls them when
really they control their brain let me
show you right now touch your nose no no
stop what you're doing right now just
touch your nose Did you touch it you
touched it right congratulations but oMG
how did you do that you did that because
you told your brain you wanted to touch
your nose so question for you why is it
that when you're scared upset or angry
suddenly you can't do things because my
question is how can you not do things
when you're in total control of yourself
because can I be real with you you can
do whatever you want to do as soon as
you stop making excuses and start taking
ownership touch your nose complete a
task Sam those ham but hold up okay
let's be real this is YouTube and we all
know at least one person is gonna
comment below being like okay what if my
hands are tied behind my back and
there's a hurricane inside of a world
war and my dog ate my homework I'm not
in control then and this is where I'm
gonna reference my good friend mr. Bob
Marley who says none but ourselves can
free our mind because although there are
CEOs there are parents and
residents no one in this world has more
power over you and your mind thank you
now don't get me wrong homie okay you
may have difficult circumstances indeed
but that's perfect okay that's why you
have such an amazing mind and soul but
you gotta remember even though your mind
and soul are amazing that doesn't mean
they don't get hurt
and when they get hurt you better
remember that negatives aren't forever
because let's be real baby how many
times have you taken a negative and
developed it into a beautiful picture
and if you can't remember let me remind
you remember you were younger and you
lost your best friend
or when your dog dies when your fish
died or last week when your favorite
game of Thrones character died and you
were like life is terrible I'm never
getting over this hi hello you're still
here and you're still existing I see you
that's because everything you ever
thought you couldn't overcome you've
overcome so logically it's a bit
ridiculous for you to assume that you
can't do things when you in fact been
doing them do you see how silly you're
being yet so me stop being so hard on
yourself let's just take a second here
okay maybe you have some goals that you
have not yet accomplished but let's
review the facts number one you have
both the brain and control to do
whatever you want to do number two
you've overcome all obstacles in the
past and number three you know exactly
what you want to do so what's the
problem oh actually doing the work
I mean how ridiculous is that is that
you're here your hopes dreams desires
and goals are buried beneath you and
you're standing here with a shovel
figuring out what to do you have every
single thing you need to do whatever you
need to do and the only person stopping
you is you so I'm gonna tell you what to
do start digging and this should make
you so happy because you were born so
equipped so right now put a smile on
your face because of the life is
wonderful
you have lives to change you have money
to make most importantly you're
phenomenal so from the bottom of my
heart keep believing keep hustle and
keep working hard and I promise you you
won't even need fancy cars anymore
because you'll realize that your own
Drive can get you way further so I'm
gonna shut up okay because you have
things to do but before you do that yo
help me out Sheree is Carrie okay click
the links in the description to share
this video because let me tell you
something there is enough success out
there for all of us so help someone out
may need it and it use feeling and happy
give this video a big thumbs up comment
below and click Subscribe I want you to
stop watching this video now and go take
over the world ok because I am so
excited for you but just promise me when
you're super successful and living the
leg you'll still watch my videos every
Monday and Thursday and tel next time
one love superwoman that is a wrap
and so yeah I hope you enjoyed that
video and that you're feeling super
positive if you want to check out more
of my stuff my last videos right there
you can also check out the latest
episode of giving back glamour super
inspirational motivational feel-good
series from I love makeup and I hope you
have a great day kiss this boy you oh oh
I get it
the Green Team name is Hong
