what about B wants a girl superwoman and
the world cops started today which means
yay soccer or as some of you say yay
football and can I just say how excited
I am just a bro
World Cup row row Cup FIFA star come on
you know what I'm talking about chest
bump
ah that's right I know absolutely
nothing about soccer but like I love the
excitement don't get me wrong I wish I
knew stuff about soccer but I just don't
but that doesn't mean I can't pretend so
if you're like me and you have no clue
what's going on but you really want to
be involved here you go watch how I fit
in during World Cup soccer kick the ball
into the net
that's why get a pointer right wait what
period is it it is the fourth quarter
come on green and yellow come on Richard
a Hulk oh oh I get it
the Green Team name is Hulk make that
come on Hawks wear it which way - Lena
these guys are so hot I didn't
understand no one really want these
dudes modeling what the - we playing
soccer come on hey Mark Neymar Neymar
come on sorry
dude dude I cannot wait until Beckham
with the field ball one one one oh come
on red team
Marcio let's go messy come on and e SS 1
and e SS y what you can't give him a
penalty he's so hot
I'll be allowed to use your head right
back play soccer in the FIFA World Cup
whoa okay honestly we're almost the best
player in England's teaming right who
loves World Cup today that I love World
Cup there every day dude me too I hate
bad weathers come on bloody let's go
thing to West one can enter come on
England what's the deal stuff and I'm
taking a piss rock my soul oh come oh
yeah that's fine come on pop come on
India hey boy you can score on me
anytime get it in the basket do you
think do you know wait how many points
that offense offense how do I get grass
burn on their legs definitely did it go
in okay honestly that dude is totally
traveling with the ball can you believe
these wacky that was clearly a
three-pointer he shot it from outside
the lines on here so yeah that's right
just say any of those things and I
guarantee that you will be included in
all the world cup craze welcome to the
cool Club you're welcome Real Talk
though if you know people who are just
as clueless as me click the link in the
description to share this video or you
can also share if you're just as
clueless as mean you just really want to
be involved also I would love to know
which team you're rooting for so comment
below let me know also don't forget to
give this video a big thumbs up and make
sure you click subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday
until next time one love superwoman that
is a wrap
Aran's yo what's up I hope you enjoyed
that video and per usual you can click
right there to check out my last video
my Facebook and Twitter links are in the
description and yo I hope you have a
good day because you don't why you're
phenomenal and you're cute and you
