whoops it's okay I know what you're
thinking go everybody we come in peace
pimple why you do this what everyone
it's a girl so cool man and today I'm
around Facebook and asked what do you
unicorns want to see and so many people
were like types of annoying couples part
two so much now that I know my
demographic I need to start selling like
boyfriend in a bottle all the fun none
of the Fords
just kidding I'm not kidding but whether
you're single in a relationship or it's
cool grab some popcorn is I make you
subconsciously hate on everyone on your
friends list shall we
number one the lame as F's now this
couple strives on social media okay
their idea of foreplay is tweeting and
it is so annoying
honestly loving each other all over my
timeline I don't you guys ever
communicate in private or is your whole
relationship just on the internet just
like oh yeah baby you like that status
oh yeah I'm totally gonna DoubleTap that
Instagram picture feels so good when you
tag me yes baby yes say my username what
is wrong with you and by far the most
annoying thing that this couple does is
they post pictures of them kissing each
other I'm not talking about like oh look
at me I'm posing my boyfriend's kissing
me and we're so cute I'll be jealous no
I'm saying that both of us are kissing
neither of us are looking at the camera
look look at us as the exchanged saliva
no filter I wish I had a filter okay for
my eyes so I don't have to see you're
getting pornography and this right here
is where they get their name from
because they're lame as f but they're
also just like look at me eating a face
eating all the faces eating the face at
the beach eating her face in the club
anything such a good picture of me
doesn't his tongue bring out my eyes yum
yum yum like I will never understand
this and I'ma be real with you okay not
a single person wants to see a picture
of you two kissing I promise you okay
because it's weird it's uncomfortable
and it's shame shame number two the
cuddle poos now this right here is the
overly affectionate couple that makes
the rest of us wanna throw up the
biggest decision in their relationship
is who should hang up first
you hang up
you hang up no you hang up but I want
you to hang up but then I'm gonna miss
you okay what if we both hang up at the
same time promise like bro give me the
phone I'll hang up for the book you're
such anyways you were saying like what
the eff is the debate here one of you
hang up I promise whoever hangs up first
the other person is not gonna stay
behind and cheat on you with the
operator okay yeah ba ba ba okay now
that she's gonna you want me to press
zero huh I can I be real for a second
here you know that we're going through a
recession okay people beyond minute you
already know that my dad whoops me once
a month going over my dad in the net way
trying to get me grounded
and then they do this Baby Talk thing or
they call each other all these
ridiculous names hey my cuddle boo puffy
sugar plum dumped angel my little
princess rose glitter bug poodle hi
hello sorry to interrupt wherever the
emphases on behalf of everyone who's not
on your magic carpet what does that even
mean princess rolls glitter mug Caputo
okay that's not you that's a lab
experiment gone wrong I mean can you
just imagine what a princess Rose
glitter bug poodle looks like like is
that cute is that your girlfriend y'all
take selfies does he sell Fuca today
okay yeah your tour definitely
experiencing uh-huh yeah well because
you're making up a whole new world of
mother effing deranged species
reinventing effin Pangea up in this ish
what up history reference that's right I
have a edumacation number three the
Siamese twins now these two are just
joined at the hip because they go
everywhere together and often times one
of them is not welcome okay it's girls
night and you're brought your boyfriend
how the hell am I supposed to complain
about boys when you brought one with you
huh because can we be real we already
know what's gonna happen okay I'm gonna
be all like oh my god boys are so dumb
and you're gonna be all like oh my dad
but not my baby and then I'm gonna punch
you both in the face and ask you to
dismiss yourself so let's just avoid all
that drama okay and use our common sense
which apparently isn't so common because
I'm gonna tell you right now that if I
have to shave my legs to go for girls
night because your stupid boyfriend's
gonna be there judging me I'm gonna be
pissed
why should I have to change myself for
girls night no no no tell your boyfriend
to braid his hair and come wearing a
tampon okay he should fit in with us and
you know what else I can't wait to tell
him all about my bloody periods and
stretch marks and then the dude who
brings his girlfriend to his boys house
where there's like infinite beer sex
jokes and farting about to take place
yeah that's a swell idea I'm sure
everyone's gonna have a great time okay
because they want to play football and
your girlfriend wants to play footsies
like take a break you guys crap together
too like I thought where one person sits
the other person puts a stool beside the
toilet like oh babe you don't want me to
wipe for you yeah do you pee together
too like I don't get this so many
questions like what she has to say he
has to stand you said you said you hover
mid you do like a yoga pose so you both
can pee at the same time how does it
work number four this sneezes don't know
why there's nothing too illegal now this
is the anti-social couple who sits in
the corner at social gatherings everyone
else is eating all together at this
table and they're over there on their
private table everyone's on the dance
floor together have your great time sex
Soulja Boy Superman and you're over
there slow dancing to gum themselves
because the rest of us Han is okay our
exploring the Shire okay we're frigging
laughing drinking playing flip cup
having a swell time making friends
meeting new people but then there's you
chilling solely in the corner with your
application like honestly why are you
here if I can replace you with two
mannequins and I prefer having two
mannequins at least I can take some
inappropriate selfies with the
mannequins you suck you hear me
you suck okay if you were Punjabi your
name would be suck deep now I'm just
playing that's a beautiful name use all
number five the broken scale and that
ladies and gentlemen was my imitation of
a broken scale charades get at me bro
now this couple just isn't balanced
because one of them is hot and one of
them is a hot mess one of them is pin
the tail on the donkey champ and the
other is the donkey and chances are
everyone around them only wants to spend
time with that one cool person but we
understand
a package deal so we make that sacrifice
because we have learned over time that
you cannot obtain the Happy Meal toy
without purchasing the entire happy meal
and I'm just gonna say it on everyone's
behalf okay
this type of relationship is super
annoying because when you enter a room
there was a lineup of single girls and
guys looking at you just like why are
you not with me instead because can I
give you two quick four oh one one okay
I'm awesome I'm fun I did ten squats
before I walked into this room so I know
not who you're looking right okay but
instead you all up in here with Aunt
Jemima playing solitaire in the corner
top number six the total package
you know those couples who just have
their lives together both have great
jobs both are financially stable okay
both of them are hot and on top of that
both of them are fit they run together
they work out together they count
calories together listen to me when I
say that you cannot be functional hot
and fit at the same time okay no because
my self-esteem will not allow that I
need to know that one of you has a major
problem like one of you best had daddy
issues or like why don't you better have
a tail like something has to be wrong
with your relationship or I'm a fatigue
matters into my own hands okay aka BRB
gonna go put some estrogen into your
man's protein chick no no you know why
because I'm here every night okay
googling pictures of jay-z and Beyonce
okay with some Cheetos in my hair okay
and use like the gym with your hot
Beyonce forget about to start your
fourth set do it is inhumane how dare
you be so wonderful and on track okay
when I freaking derailed all the way
back there
number zero remember so not a couple
couple this is the couple who Shh
they're not in a relationship they're
always together but you know they're not
in a relationship I mean this keeping
the same back but they're not in a
relationship I mean a few of us have
caught them making out but but they're
not in a relationship everyone knows
you're a couple okay and can I tell you
a little secret nobody cares about your
relationship status so you don't need to
go out of your way to hide it you're you
two dating or dating
no you're crazy you're not dating but
aren't you wearing a promise ring no I'm
a player yo but it looks like she's
wearing a matching one yeah you know you
know what happened you don't have to it
was that one year where we both won the
NBA Finals boys just a coincidence up in
here dawg I know you're dating Oh legal
you know me I'm a but I'm a pimp you
know me dude who the hell you are
huh I don't care look cameras right here
look at it Kerr is sitting here okay
Kerr is a virgin because I'm not doing
it and that's all for this video to
enjoy and make sure you check out part 1
click right there look at it just
waiting to be watched by your lovely
face check it out and I hope you enjoy
it also don't forget to give this video
a big thumbs up and comment below and
click that subscribe button because I do
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday in minor detail it's not a big
deal but I had this internal goal to
reach 3 million subscribers by June 15 I
mean if I hated her don't it's not a big
big deal but if you watch my videos and
you have it like let ya let what if you
watch my videos and have it yet click
Subscribe hey maybe you could do it now
to help me reach my goal but if you also
want more
that's okay too okay why love superwoman
that is a wrap and yo hope you enjoyed
that video as per usual you can click
right there to check out my last one
also a 10 shucks brand-new giving back
land episode right there and it's one
that's gonna hit you right here you
might you and right here a picture
everywhere cuz it's amazing so go check
it out
signage verb hope you have a great day
bye
