what everyone's a girl superwoman so for
months and months you lovelies have been
requesting me to do this video and I
decide today to finally stop being a
jerk face and give it to you happy
birthday are you a parent
are you a child are you both maybe you
hate kids maybe you're pregnant maybe
you don't care about the content of this
video at all because you're watching it
on silent because you Dutch it either
way get ready to relate cuz I'm about to
break down the types of parents let's
get to it
number one the cool cats now these are
the types of parents that aren't just
your parents but they're your homies
because you're not scared to tell them
anything they understand that good
parenting is not about fear it's about
good communication what the heck she's
nothing but wow it's true
it exists how not only do they know
about your boyfriend but they know about
your best friend's boyfriend they know
about the time you won't fail that math
test and you know what when you're
leaving the house they know that you're
wearing a miniskirt under those track
pants they just don't make a big deal
about it because they trust you're a
good kid and quite frankly your parents
coolness continues to shock both you and
your friends go honestly let's just grab
a drink before we leave because I
spending $8 on no drink at no bar lily
white your parents see nah man they're
cool don't worry you sure trust me cuz
we gonna have a party what I'm gonna
hide you doing huh
what do banking or car before you leave
the house duh oh by doing this huh it
was her idea
no dad you don't get it I'm taking a
taxi I'm not driving just stupid I'm so
sorry sorry dad I teach you nothing huh
it's just that drinks are so expensive
there and take my flask up what word Oh
God what the hell my drink I do hotdogs
these too but I need you to go to club
and pay $10 for drink no don't get dumb
okay you take this one
oh my god that's some cool
have fun okay be safe
don't waste
beautiful based on a true story
son yes that's me and a beard how's that
silent video watching going now huh how
did you get thing down down now hold up
before all you brat kids are like what
the hack my parents aren't cool like
that know that it takes time to create
cool cat parents you gotta build that
trust okay and show them that you're
mature enough to sometimes do stupid
things but if he was driving around
drunk failing classes and friggin making
out with people and guess what you ain't
getting the flask you don't deserve the
flask
number two the make over failures now
these are the types of parents that from
time to time decide it's time to make
some changes around here okay
usually this is inspired by seeing
another family or watching a TV show or
listening to the news and it usually
starts off with a super awkward family
meeting where the parents try being very
serious and diplomatic and the kids just
can't take them seriously okay listen
everybody listen God okay yes okay your
mother and I have been talking and we
think it's time to make some changes in
this family yeah okay
and I got NBC the persons here to
understand very clearly what I'm saying
from now on we want to spend every
single Sunday together okay one for
family done okay but because family
comes first
okay but what I see what I see but come
first
can we come first decide family comes
first
nor second first also you have to start
eating more healthy and doing exercise
around here because this thing on the
news more than 80% of family over made
yeah yeah that's right I don't want my
family shack okay yes that's right
tell you but you look a little bit no
more this junk food go car looking like
that okay maybe not even it give me even
fried food done no more hit it good girl
one more thing if yeah you going to
start talking nicely to each other yeah
like we love each other okay no more bad
words
definitely so totally on the same page
no more mean thing and from now on if
you choose him anything you wanna have
to put some money in the Shan Shan yaar
okay maybe one day you mad and you say
I'm so upset mummy you so stupid ah
that's it
you put money in the Shan Shan jar you
don't want to put one into shame shame
done then you don't do the Shan Shan
then when the month finished we'll take
all this money you can donate to charity
okay why I won't do this because it's a
tax write-off
no because family comes Parker what why
can we come first it good okay that's
right good do you back you like this huh
because family comes what but don't
worry homie because without fail parents
will be parents and this will last for
approximately six days before they go
back to being dysfunctional mom it's
Sunday family time ah stupid don't bug
me okay my head hurting why do you fight
you making so much noise I didn't go
take a pic a hot day
dad you're not supposed to be eating
junk food do telling needles now she
telling me words do making the rules
never put you sick we okay I am father
I'm making boozing I won't believe the
picnic is the finger you're the one who
made the rule look this was so bloody a
great phenomena go anytime three jockey
dropping me poop down at each I make
$6.00 it all be quiet is harmful to
school for your iPhone daddy I got back
vocal I think you gonna tell me why but
I'm not happy with this what what is
happening what is happening right now
I'm okay parents what you need to
mechanically let's buy a TV huh number
three the generals these parents are
strict you're scared of them and you
probably liked them about earthing I
mean they won't let you do even basic
things like going to parties buying
clothes talking to the opposite sex but
the worst part is not only are they
annoying to you but they are knowing to
all of your friends and heaven forbid
that one time to let you go up yeah this
will probably happen everybody sit down
so really telling me that you three want
to go out huh yes sir
cool boy me Kelly and Jessie your
parents no to our boy yes uncle let's
write their name and number on the
speaker and what are you are coming home
huh Oh nine minutes seven okay seven
6:59 perfect super you better I know you
three younger you want to go out have
fun party breaking rules are cool I know
but I want you to know I am watching you
because I everything that happen
because I have eyes do you understand
what I am saying huh Oh God
yep gone good now get rascal when the
gwenlyn she a group project yes she
won't be good I been with her friend I
said go but I'm going to go 30 metal
deck library don't worry good don't
trust these friends okay
don't f bro the last time I checked your
sperm and her eggs did not create me
okay so make like a hard drive and Becca
and the worst is one sometimes your
friend's parents will call you to find
out where their child is hello Lee Jesse
told me she's with you can I speak to
her please
and now I need to pull one of these oh
um hello I can you all I can't walk lie
back I need to figure out where you are
what lies you told your parents and we
need to now run some 3-way mission okay
honestly dismiss yourself number four
the M is now the M is don't give an F
what their kids are doing not to be
confused with the cool cats because the
cool cat parents will still smack up
their kid if necessary but these m.i.a
parents they just don't parent you have
a birthday party in there kid is just
running around putting his fingers in
the cake licking things pushing kids
porting himself this one time I went to
the mall you know I'm shopping so I'm
looking through some clothes and this
toddler approaches me and starts hitting
my leg and his mother is just doing
absolutely nothing about it so I figure
okay maybe she doesn't see that I'm
getting abused by her toddler so I say
oh excuse me
I watched you continue looking at some
damn Spanx
this kid start storing stuff off the
shelf making a mess of the moans over
there like no though and it's kids about
to get hurt he's about to fall down the
stairs buck off his leg honestly why am
i saving your kid's life
Who am I Maleficent Maleficent does it
move isn't Maleficent did I say you know
I said it so many times I don't know how
to say it now no but real talk don't do
the dirty if you can't handle the kids
okay because I don't get it like after
pregnant fees or now stretch marks on
your brain get it together
number five the noobs now this is the
new generation of parents you know the
people in their late 20s early 30s who
have decided to take the plunge into
Parenthood
although these same people were probably
raised in a very old-school traditional
way they now feel the need to be super
parents reading labels concerned about
organic food what kind of plastic is in
this pacifier because can we be real
when you were younger
your mom probably fed you old milk out
of a yogurt container okay while she was
cooking by an open flame and you
survived and it is so easy to spot noobs
because every single one of their
facebook statuses will be about their
kids oh my god where did the days go oh
my god I didn't know what tire was until
I had kids I don't care if this sounds
lame but my child is my best friend I
used to think going out was fun but now
I know what real fun is really because
I'm holding a martini out with my girls
looking fabulous and my favorite song is
about to play so I beg to differ and
then they have all these like new weird
parenting techniques like for example my
sister does this really strange thing
when her kid is like crying or being a
bit annoying she hugs him like what the
hell where did you learn that because we
both know mom would have smack this bone
I mean it's cute though don't get me
wrong let's be real it's only a matter
of time before you turn from full house
into the Simpsons what up t-shirt
reference all the noobs out there just
be like don't oh snap what up t-shirt
reference again even though these are
sweaters Wow that's all for this episode
if you think I forgot a type of parent
comment below and who knows I might make
a part 2 also make sure you give this
video a big thumbs up and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap and yo I
hope you enjoyed that video click right
there to watch my last video also click
right there to watch the newest episode
of giving back glam where I go rock
climbing and solid tents and cooling
wonderful and giving back see so make
sure you check that out also my Facebook
and Twitter links are in the description
so yo give me a like in a following
nobody mad about that ok bye
