disclaimer this video uses racial slurs
and stereotypical comments to convey a
comedic / realistic depiction of how
racism works if you're easily irritable
and bought her please do not watch this
video we love all people enjoy who is
this guy tell it cute hey get the hell
out of the way let's see oh hell no you
wanna go let's do it you want to be we
do this let's go hell I got the small
purse are you crazy I was already
pulling in no you were not practically
in the spot already listen you need to
move your car before I run it over are
you some sort of idiot like are you
serious right now
see see this is why you people can't
drive you people look I don't need to be
racist but you're kind of like a driving
yeah maybe because we don't have as much
practice driving taxis all the time
oh really driving taxis well if your
entire life is widescreen then you
shouldn't be on the road got a little
drive a taxi but that does your dad
drive taxi oh this is so great this is a
lane does your mom drive a taxi
is is this your taxi with you wait is
that a stop sign or rewind listen to me
kuriboh this is my spot so move your car
oh it's your spot always yours like this
is your name on this box I don't see
your name on the spot I don't see Wong
wing Chow Lee on the spot oh it doesn't
say in there bender either PS they'll be
called they want their letters back I'm
gonna grab you by your chopsticks okay
literally dragged you across the Great
Wall of China wearing nothing but your
effing Hello Kitty boxers yeah you know
what that'd be great except that it
would take extra long to get the China
thanks to all the random security checks
caused by your people
oh yeah thanks for putting up all the
lines by the way hey guys I need to get
through yeah okay you know what it'll
take one phone call one phone call turn
this whole place into 300 except it
would stick three bun dummies to
annihilate your entire village okay
because we would just walk up into the
swamp be like this is my fucking god
who do you three Punjabis look like
she's good to make a phone call hey guys
of dim sum what are you gonna do origami
me to that huh uh what are you gonna do
you little curry ball give me tech
support until I die
well I wouldn't have to get everyone
tech support if your people just made
things correctly and the first place
just move your cause yet for nations
wait what did you call us
Asians you're my boy you're completely
boosting your punk stuff okay probably
the black belt in karate Shogun sure
oh that's why you see all that just fill
up like a facial cream cup you fly away
with us and see what happens always do
is make one call and you'll never get
another good doctor or lawyer again boy
where is my girl here with the long
Indian here's your boss dude Ellen
you're asking water combat hey so shut
up sit up a fine hair it would work to
fight time give me dangerous fighter
yeah get up style words wanna have some
sushi or something I'll get some of
those samosas actually with the chutney
is all right oh my god
I do you actually know karate no I'm a
car salesmen true hey why don't we try
that we love each other is operational
time thank so much for watching you
enjoyed give a big thumbs up comment
below subscribe and make sure you
subscribe to my
is wonderful is information in the
description Telmex I caught you
until that time I love that is why did
it back well this is my spot any times
I've to tell you I want you girls I
always yeah really y'all oh oh there's
oh she's fun
other it there's actually no no she
three spots I'd call the other guy back
oh here you go
yeah yeah if you won't buy Carly your
horse make a call take care you two
