where in the world is superwoman today 8
Sydney Australia oh yeah yeah thanks for
fitting so well shirt what if I wanted
to girl superwoman and you might be
thinking is she really going there is
she really gonna do this is she really
that gross yes uh-huh yup farts there's
no need to be awkward okay it's natural
everyone fart you fuck I fuck Beyonce
farts for god sakes I mean she might
wake up looking flourless but she be
flawless and part nonetheless because ah
looks so good tonight get got scott-so
allowed me to go through the types of
forest that you and I experience on the
regs number one this silent killer now
these are the ninja farts okay the ones
that you would even know were coming cuz
they don't even make a sound I don't
know where than hair completely quiet
but stanky is f these spots are like
those kids who are really shy and quiet
as children but then they grow up to be
like serial killers yeah in the
beginnings are like I'm not here don't
pay attention to me and then I'm
actually sick and like I'm trying to be
rude or anything but if there was
another Lethal Weapon movie your booty
would be lead role number two the weight
loss now this personally is my favorite
type of for it that's right that's right
I have a favorite type of art yeah
keep those marriage proposals coming now
this is when you can literally feel the
gas moving in your stomach and you can
hear it it's doing all the bunch of
stuff it sounds low something like boo
boo boo boo boo boo boo boo
until finally that glorious moment comes
and you just fart and it feels
phenomenal it sounds a little something
like a balloon slowly losing air just
like it feels like you're farting out
every McChicken you've ever eaten okay
because a huge way is lifting off you
you feel like you just lost 10 pounds
your stomach feels empty you feel great
you feel accomplished in fact this bird
is so good that ten whole minutes of
pass and you're still just like god damn
that fart was good no I'm saying was the
best
the head beside of a head number three
the tester fart I to the situation
you're in a public setting and you have
to let one rip wait joy no McNasty you
just saying go stink up the place so
what do you do you let out a little
tester part so let's say you're chilling
in the elevator and you feel a little
stank coming on so what you do is you
let all controlled 10% fuck just like
stand by stand by
is it loud was it smelly did your butt
cheeks jiggle you gather all the data
you analyze it if you're not sure you do
another little test refresh like and now
you make a decision if it wasn't smelly
and it wasn't loud you let one rip and
you feel sly after because you know what
you farted and no one knows he's
basically a secret agent or option
number two you realizing my smell
something funky I'm gonna have to
squeeze my butt cheeks and save this for
a later time because let's be real we
don't want nobody dying on the elevator
okay this ain't final destination unless
for some reason you are on the set of a
final destination will be in which case
you'll need to stop like you die we get
it number four the lol fart so you're
chilling with your friends and something
how we're we just happens you know
you're probably watching the superwoman
video so you're laughing hysterically
when suddenly a fart escapes your booty
and you're just like so now you're
laughing and you're embarrassed because
you're still laughing you're working
your stomach muscles and what happens
you fart again and repeat and repeat so
not everyone's laughing you're laughing
because you're embarrassed and you feel
awkward
everything's just funny nurse are
laughing farting hot mess and although
it looks like everyone's having a great
time inside your soul and self pride is
slowly dying and you just like her and
there you go good luck finding a date
for the problem now Bart Simpson number
five the fragmented fucked this Bart
wants you to work it's like a Britney
Spears song okay you want to fart now
you want to make a sound do you want to
know how they might work work push push
it's like your butt is trying to play
the clarinet but it's really really bad
at it so you're just think this series
of uneven boys just like and usually
none of these farts actually feel good
like you're releasing anything okay it's
like it's just a waste of time like I
don't want just Wolowitz okay I want the
whole Big Bang number six the blame game
fart now chances are you're in a public
setting and you let a silent killer rip
and now you realize it's a little bit
stanky so one of two things happens
number one someone else notices and says
yo who farted and you're all like you
not me
gross no I never far oh good grow some
pee oh shut up
of course it was you you mother rapper
okay you know you ate that bean burrito
earlier or number two you realize the
smells really bad and to seem innocent
you're all like you're you what's that
smell got you you sly little devil you
know exactly what that ratchet stank is
okay that's all your insides floating in
the air okay because you know you had
one too many Cheetos and there you have
it types of farts and there's nothing to
be embarrassed about in fact you know
what
everyone farts and you should be proud
of farting cuz you want a human being
so right now jump on Twitter tweet me
saying my name is whatever your name is
and put hashtag I thought okay you know
what because we just need to get rid of
the awkwardness we fart comment below if
you think I forgot a type of art that
you love to do because your night
mystique and also give this video a big
thumbs up make sure you also click that
subscribe button because I do make a new
video every Monday and Thursday and
during this video I got a noise
complaint
so hey one love superwoman that is a
wrap and we're gonna stir this hard huh
I think you like this walk around like
this showing everything probably one
look at me are you posing because one
time I shaved my leg rode me
