okay it's gonna be great instant gram
instant gram
I know I know everything Oh 704 PKA fun
would get 1367 photo great thing -
uh-huh
what the hell you have 1,000 picture of
every day do I look insane again
everybody you hit for my job dr. Hema go
tell me jet right now that's right
okay that's right you see you see this
wife always complaining my head hurt
mommy my head on then you start taking
pictures every two seconds
Edward accord your head real hard stupid
huh Christian my doctor okay good good
Lily you're looking very nice put the
head your friends will look at this then
what kind of face semen see look at this
boy sitting in the red
he's nice boy oh please see this type of
friends God okay you see how pretty she
looks
look at her eyes makeup everything that
you you put lies like this one like this
or low to me I'm raccoon look your
friend looking so nice beautiful nice
girl yo she gonna find very nice boy oh
I love this so much funny man I'm having
too much fun rival oh that's good what
the hell you doing up it look like we're
in here by God this young boy a bulkhead
so poor boy
oh we're gonna stick you're scarred huh
I think you like this walk around like
this show everything robbery one look at
me are you posing because one time I
shaved my leg would me okay okay looking
you're looking nice is I don't remember
you leaving house like this I think you
make red and I think you vain Jean when
you change after I don't know but uh I
talk to you later that's fine but that
held is how the hell you kissing a funky
thing sister come
what the hell happened here huh you
trying to make babies really you never
told me you were just in a bit more I
noticed one never saying I know you do
like and I was like they hang a kibosh
on MTV you TV no no I know I am believer
oh really person is glass huh I come
here come here
you're drinking alcohol vodka you
drinking you want this thing on the news
video structure this thing on the news
today when young girls like this drink
they get canceled you won't get it
look at me I have nothing else to do it
car what the hell you trying to prove
one look at me I'm taking picture of my
legs I'm very bad time looking like
zebra but what is happening you do lying
down in the car where's your seatbelt
what stupid you can't even let me walk
in high heel okay what the bloody hell
is on your pants
but that depend is this huh this is not
bad great good I'm so proud how do you
even do like this I don't need yes Hey
okay look this one yesterday I bring
home Twinkie she said mommy why to bring
home pinky you are not diet I try to
lose weight then you Sigma me my Gino
fit in any no Jean with me that's fine
ahaha ah look this fit
look this missed home rider BR you tell
anybody whose picture look at me I post
a picture I don't clean my room I don't
do nothing at all I'm stupid
I can parking ticket every day hi hello
my mommy does my laundry but look at my
picture good good this is my daughter
I'm so proud that's my daughter
that's my girl you know that's fitted
there's the time that I met her mother
fiction that you know I love that the
conductor Nicky flaky yeah yeah I hello
what the hell is have one to show
everybody hello everybody I'm superwoman
I am by pool I'm going to take picture
naked now we know you eat an ice cream
okay we know do not fooling me okay put
some clothes on
stupid you see this one why they call it
underwears because you went under so
people don't see okay if they want
people to see they would call it over
waves waves one who this is rich what
concert horrible grunts boy this my
daughter or
miss iris this what they teach you in
school my god this one you never told me
you make a jar would do taking picture
with boy boy wearing chard with a naked
girl you hugging boy and the boy is
black I told you I want Indian boy
oh okay everybody be careful okay we
have Jay said here oh go for everybody
calm down okay we have jgb here are
Jesse B you can what are you doing uh
kissing at people who want you free yes
free take it take it you better stop
this pornography okay when you make
someone say hello how are you
hell no high five you gonna hug what
kind of him you meet people
mm I bless him he commissioned comics
would talk down you ugly okay you're
taking picture kissing boys you dressing
like boy I don't get why do not married
yet I everyone should be like Lily
please go outside no no go outside right
now okay Hotel me go check if there is a
big line of boys in Lily please marry me
because it there should be a look at
Jack good Jackie go go check I'm waiting
I am breaking it Jack if there's line
okay come here
slap come here do me once again take
this camera take this one put it in the
shower just put it in the shower record
yourself make it okay put it on the
Internet when to do it like this you
post on internet okay when you kick in
got one like this to put on internet you
put the camera in the shower no whore
this not you this I know my daughter
never do like this this not you know I I
know some music videos in your actor
Rihanna
via really really the Savini I know this
this you okay thank you for watching
hello everybody haha hope you like this
video if you like my video to click
right there
you watch the last when you also do
click right there for a brand new
episode giving bad clam also make sure
you go down there you click a bigger
thumbs up for this video
willkommen and also you clicking the
subscribe button because we make new
video here every month it's hard to be
making video and I see you then okay
shut up
