what if I wanted to girls so : and a lot
of times girls realize that they can't
always say exactly what they're thinking
because you know we feel the need to be
fabulous
classy and professional but girls end up
saying a lot of those ratchet evil falls
through their facial expressions so I'm
not tell you what a girl's facial
expression really mean let's get it one
eyebrow raised what what did you say
right okay let me break it down for you
it's in your best interest to pretend
like you have a speech impediment and
you just made a mistake so I'm gonna
pretend like I didn't hear you so you
have a chance to correct yourself both
eyebrows raised okay so you're actually
sticking to what you said I am both
pissed off and amused and my brain is on
overdrive right now forget about all the
various ways that I can kill you
eyebrows raised with tongue action you
know any tongue motions are the sign of
your debt ok don't even go on to doctors
don't even tell them your symptoms don't
even take no medication because the
second you see okay you just start
writing your will cause it's game over
this is the calm before the
mother-effing storm okay it's gonna be a
tornado
kissing Keith and rolling eyes okay
they're just so dumb that I might even
respond to you all you're gonna get is
me kissing my teeth and to be on my
teeth is probably last thing I'm a kiss
in a while because you're so annoying
disgusted squinty face okay you just
have something gross and chances are is
probably sexual and I just want to make
it very clear that no matter what I may
do when I'm tipsy in a dark room it
still doesn't mean I want to hear you
say it
sarcastic smile nod oh okay okay so you
want to do this right now this is
happening right now
the best translation for this expression
is from the movie white chicks and I
pull oh you want to talk about my oh I
want to talk about mothers exaggerated
smile God with crackhead eyes oh okay
you're an idiot I'm not listening to you
but you can keep talking can you see how
stupid you are look can you tell about
my facial expression how stupid you are
shifting eyes to one side when you're
talking to someone the exact thing you
just said right now is incorrect and
like it's not even just my opinion it's
factually and corrected I'm averting my
eyes from you because I don't want to
punish my eyeballs
hey so Billy I know you live in Brampton
oh my god do not go from YouTube right
on Michael with a bat woman I'm your
biggest fan
shifting your eyes mid conversation to
secretly talk to your girl girl did you
just hear what this hole said right now
oh girl I heard her
she's so stupid is she or does he just
say that man whatever I'm hungry yeah
we'll get some bikinis after this well
we invited this home hell mom playing
with hair I want you in my pants shocked
the f is that girl doing shocked what
the hell is the rest of her dress
shocked how is she even bending her leg
like that
look at me I'm imitating my stupid
boyfriend emotional I'm really touched
face oh my boyfriend is so sweet a nerd
oh God
another facebook status about one of my
friends from high school that got
married over exaggerated emotional you
just did something really sweet for me
and I really don't want to give you some
long sweet response in return so instead
I'm gonna over exaggerate my emotion and
hope that you feel validated fake cry
I'm probably not gonna cry at all okay
but this just seems appropriate right
now eyes wandering and they're getting
watery yeah I'm about to cry for real
right now
sarcastic fake half smile oh my god
justify me I'm gonna give you a cookie
damn girl did you see that boy she was
so hot
damn girl this is my song right now die
girl this burger though talking to
someone and then randomly looking aside
and doing white eyes I'm talking to you
right now but I don't want to be talking
to you so I'm gonna signal to my friend
with my eyes that she needs to save me
from this situation
hey yeah of course I would love to dance
oh yeah of course we're gonna stay for
so long Oh
oh my god that's so cute why don't I
have this in my life tongue South a
kissy face itself a 'quack selfie ugly
face snapchatting close friends ugly
face snapchatting close friend slow head
turn with wide eyes put a pot of water
did you just take one of my fries and
that's it if you're a girl who does a
lot of these stations questions or
you're a guy you're like yeah I've seen
that give this video a big thumbs up
also make sure you comment below and
don't forget to click that subscribe
button click subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and throws
as for now one love superwoman that is a
wrap and hey yo I hope you enjoyed that
video if you did as per usual you can
click right there for my last video also
click right there for my new episode of
super stamp where I show you about
travels from Australia last year um also
what we need to do right now oh yes I
need to go pack for Singapore and
Australia again so I'll see you at
YouTube FanFest
okay
