whatever one it's a girl so Pullman and
if you're anything like me you prefer
texting people or what's happing people
as opposed to talking to them on the
phone because like ill but sometimes
text can be a bit confusing and so we
subconsciously convey messages with
emojis about how we really feel so I
have taken it upon myself to decode what
emojis actually mean so please excuse me
as I call everyone and their mothers out
are you ready
tongue sticking out emoji so I've been
totally serious and I'm really pissed
off and annoying but I'm gonna use this
tongue sticking out emoji just so you
think I'm light-hearted but don't be
confused because I'm about to cut you
the winky face now whatever I just said
I said it in the most flirtatious way
possible and I just want you in my pants
example if I just say hey what are you
doing that means hey what are you doing
but if I say hey what are you doing that
means why are you not doing me right now
my favorite the smirk face I have a
mother effing genius and I have been
saving this statement the entire
conversation in fact this is the reason
I initiated this conversation I don't
care about cucumber salad no I just want
to say that's what she said
the winky face tongue sticking out emoji
I want you to think I'm a really fun
person and I'm totally wild I cannot be
tamed if I say hey I'm going to the mall
that means hey I'm going to the mall
whatever say hey I'm going to the mall
that means I'm going to the mugdha at
the mall cause on my Bubbe's and I got
homework
I got a math test tomorrow I didn't even
clean my room in fact I even got no
money but that doesn't matter cuz i'ma
roll up to the mall okay and buy
everything in forever 21 because the
mall is the VMAs and I am Miley Cyrus
the annoyed face stop no stop no stop
whatever you're doing stop what if
you're typing okay because I really hate
this conversation and I really hate
whatever you just said I really need you
to pour yourself a glass of water and
then drop your phone in it okay
dismiss yourself but guy smiley girl I
saw someone so hot that it hurt it
physically hurt and you know that I took
a picture of him without him knowing and
I'm about to sentence you girl look at
this picture
yeah yeah yeah the heart eyes oh I
cannot believe you took a picture of
this hot boy without him even though he
is so sexy he is so sexy that my pupils
just turned into hard in my BJJ just
turned into a welcome mat
Turpin emoji so I'm talking about
someone of color and this is literally
the only emoji I can use to represent
them and to be honest they're probably
not even sick they're probably not even
dummy they're probably not even Indian
they could be Mexican okay
but this emojis going down monkey faces
so this is a really awkward conversation
I'm going to say something totally weird
um but I'm hoping these cute monkey
faces will make it better so do you want
a sext it's okay if you don't want to
the crap emoticon you probably just
finished having a conversation about air
canada it's never gonna end this work
emoticon behave yourself okay the red
dress emoji girls we are going out
tonight okay and let's be real ain't
none of us shaving or legs
or wearing a dress and none of us can do
salsa but we aren't getting turnt
tonight the double girl emoji
we are clearly really close friends I
mean can you not tell by our complete
synchronization matching outfits this
emoji is a complete representation of
our wonderful bond the eggplant emoji
stuff behave yourself you nasty okay and
nobody talking about eggplant parmesan
via text the alcohol emoji Mac headband
hole at that boy at that girl F whatever
you're talking about whoever hurt you is
dumb and stupid and girl we're gonna
take a virtual chairs right now why
because we are fantastic and everyone
else is stupid cheers to that the sad
tear emoji I'm like genuinely sad and I
need you to help me the blush smiley I'm
thrilled you I didn't completely read
what you wrote but I feel like you said
something nice and so I'm gonna validate
you by blushing and give you this cute
smiley no laughing tear emoticon oh so
mother-effing stressed that it's funny
it's funny it's fun my life its own best
and there you have it now you can read
in between the lines go forth my young
unicorns and text like a box if you
could relate to this video make sure
give it a big thumbs up also make sure
you comment below and make sure you
click that subscribe button because I do
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday also make sure you check out
WWE TV super dossier enter your email
address into the team super mailing list
for VIP access exclusive content by me
and ho and other awesome sauce stuff
until next time one love superwoman
is a trip ends mm-hmm yo is there a
partition in this elevator because she
don't need to see y'all say on her knees
I'm gonna drop you pop fuck you
