whatever girl superwoman and Twitter and
Facebook have literally exploded I mean
like exploded there's dead bluebirds and
duck faces are aware because TMZ has
released security footage from an
elevator that features Solange Solange a
slut swans who's Beyonce's sister
smashed in the app out of jay-z and in
case you live under a rock let me just
fill you in this is an accurate
reenactment of exactly what happened
right here
and then Beyonce's just there like and
I'm saying here all like well - whoo and
to be honest no one knows exactly what
was said or what happened but you know
the Internet machine everybody making up
the story but here are a few guesses for
myself and people on Twitter of what
exactly went down in the elevator
hey yo is there a partition in this
elevator because she don't need to see
y'all say on her knees fuck you
oh my god Scary Spice
come on the big fan I got 99 problems
but 100 yeah man for 12 please boy hey
Blue Ivy's end little things go white
looking at me like that was the last
time you had a big hit right now hell no
I am NOT my PR for this I am a little
fish but Beyonce is the hottest sister
of all time
round 1 fight wheeze hope okay you ain't
home use hope without the V I'm nothing
yet no no
you want some polysporin for that burn
you see that does burn and you know me I
don't really like to make fun of
celebrities or like all this gossip
stuff but this just amuse me so much
because I feel like the best person in
this whole situation is Beyonce because
she's straight up just there like not
given enough like you expect me on Z to
be there like I'm about to ring the
alarm no I'm good thanks Sasha Fierce
with you at girl whoo oh oh no I'm Sasha
cuddles uh I don't know who Sasha Fierce
is like I think it's so funny throw
Beyonce's entire album she just brought
buckling down about how jay-z just get
into a good you know I can't wait I'll
get home so you do cancer
cherry yeah turn that cherry honestly
I'm not getting involved okay my
cherries good you don't want JD out No
so the moral of the story is that some
issue went down in an elevator okay
Beyonce stole the queen of the world
jay-z still runs the world and Solange
got a whole bunch of publicity I love
them all you're still all more important
to me if you have your own theories
about what went down in the elevator you
know what to do comment below let me
know I make myself a good conspiracy
theory or I'm saying also make sure you
click that thumbs up and make sure you
click that subscribe on cuz I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
one more thing big announcement what I
need you to do right now is go to
www.ewtn.com ill address you'll get VIP
access to all my events special offers
on all of my merch whole bunch of
fantastic old things so join the team
super mailing list to become a certified
unicorn the link is in the description
until next time one love superwoman that
is a wrap
ends up my JD out from that JD out turn
that cherry that's not a good no song
don't we enjoyed that video as per usual
you can click right there to check out
my last video
also make sure you check out the newest
episode of giving back slam right there
Facebook and Twitter links in the
description
of that make sure you subscribe because
I'm a black you know I'm a practice
