where in the world is superwoman to the
8la what everyone it's a girl superwoman
and for Super Thursday asked what day
lovelyz wanted to see and someone said
types of sneezes and I'm just like yes
I've been do it so simple yet so
beautiful also on the bureau's do I need
to make a quick short simple video
because I cannot accommodate anything
more than that sense you know Eric and I
pulled a home alone with my iMac I'll be
editing this with my laptop and let's
just say that anything I tried doing
with my laptop is like McDonald's trying
to get through my arteries just like
it's horrendous now for those of you
that don't know sneezes are actually
caused by molecules stuck in our
nostrils that restricts the flow of
oxygen to our central lobe and our
mitochondria know what that'll cause the
sneezes all I know that they make us
look like an afferent hot mess in the
following ways number one the frenzy now
this is when you don't just sneeze one
oh no this is when your body gets taken
over by the depths of hell and you just
lose all control and you look a little
something like this
good chick what what what what you know
usually when this happens you feel that
you can overcome the sneeze so you just
keep talking and keep being stubborn and
keep thinking that people don't
understand what the heck you saying and
you sound a little something like this
bitch so I just a check I don't know
what's how much I think something's
which but wait can you put this officer
nobody knows what the body had is
hanging my friend I guess if the
situation isn't suck enough already the
person you're with is probably gonna
make the situation ten times more
awkward by blessing you every single
time just like bless you Oh bless you
again
bless you again bless you like stop what
do a minister give me a minute
bless you Oh someone must be missing you
no no one is missing me and anything
doesn't happen Pelican in my nose you
know there's a peacock in my nose right
here and it's all just like
flip my bars Oh carried away there
number two the bipolar sneeze and yes
yes every time I make a types of
whatever video there's always a by pole
or something
don't blame me that the world is all
applique just do my polar seasons when
you have to sneeze but then you don't
have to sneeze but they need to sneeze
again but then you're just like now I
obviously and you look a little
something like this
hold on see nevermind no Mikey go I go
you don't run away again I've got it
like why God what is this face this face
when you're like what am i doing am i
sneezing am i doing dirty things did I
step on who did Miley Cyrus release
another music video is Ryan Gosling all
over my chest yo what up t-shirt
reference triangles ignore my boobies
think that I put too much blush on this
side yep yep I did look like someone
punch me in the face
don't blame me hotel lighting okay just
freaking deal damn it no real talk this
news has no idea what it's doing are you
staying in or are you coming out like
make up your mind nobody such a Lady
Gaga and the best part is is when you're
bipolar sneezing the people around you
suddenly become human human anatomy
experts they just tell you all these
things to do to help you sneeze look to
the light look to the light number look
left look left and right no look right
then take your left hand put it over
your head and then dig up a crumb like
stop trying to do all these weird things
to my body what is this a freaking
Soulja Boy song pleasing Allah inside
this hole watch me start watch me go
watch me look into that light now watch
me blow my nose now watch me Oh blow my
nose
watch me out blow my nose if he can do
it so can i number three the earthquake
now if you have a folder chances are you
know exactly what this key sounds like
it's when someone doesn't just sneeze oh
no no no they caused a natural disaster
and it goes no something like this hmm
boom everybody wakes up everyone can
hear a car alarm to started going off
outside the neighbors are complaining
like straight up dad if someone broke
into our house and you were screaming
for help
I probably be downstairs like bless you
this is dangerous
like damn I'm starting to tell you that
if your soul is trying to escape that
heart it's probably not your soul it's
probably the soul of Emily Rose alcohol
a priest I don't know why I did that
I think about with that my impression of
Emily Rose is that what who am I talking
to number four the pansy now girls you
ever go on a date with a hot guy nearest
like Oh snaps up in here this man is a
Mayan okay you punk-ass testosterone
pumping through his veins you know he's
such an alpha male that he's probably
never even had a pucker within ten
inches of his eyebrows okay then all of
a sudden it's like yeah anyways I was
telling you about my basketball career
and what was up people sorry I sneeze uh
as I was saying yeah sorry could you
just excuse me for a second as my vagina
closes forever how do you look like that
but when you sneeze you sound like
Dorothy's four and sometimes they're
sneeze is so pansy that sound doesn't
even come up there just like twitching
get it
yes it sorry about that as I see nobody
what is happening why are you scared to
sneeze just lay out lay number five
smarting hand Palace now this usually
happens when you're sick
we have allergies you know you're going
for today like an innocent human being
and the second you choose to interact
with another human being you sneeze and
it's like yeah sorry I was asking you
with honor and then you have to keep
your hand there because you know you
just know that snot has erupted from
within and out all over your hand so now
you're like this but you try to get it
Kleenex
one time as well there's like only 16 mm
and now you have to transfer the snot
from your hand into the Kleenex uh-huh
now the bad news is that you're gross
and now everybody knows and you probably
also got snot in your mouth it happens
to everyone I'm just saying it out loud
don't judge me the good news is though
you probably lost so much snot and you
feel like you lost 2 pounds though
they're not positive and everything
anyways that's all for now I'm kind of
curious you know our sneezes contagious
in the same way yawns are let us try
something I'm gonna sneeze and let me
know if you also sneeze are you ready it
what did you sneeze comment below and
now I'm gonna yawn and I wanna know if
you did you go on
comment below get us we're doing science
on the Internet
Bill Nye the Science Guy anyways if you
like this video make sure you click the
links in the description to share also
give it a big thumbs up and if you
haven't already make sure you click the
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and I
will see you on Monday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and one bye
Dan just to keep you updated I still
haven't gotten my suitcase or my iMac
from Air Canada if you don't know what
I'm talking about
click right there to watch my last video
and I rant and rave about how horrible
Air Canada is also make sure you face
those if you follow me on Facebook and
Twitter shall record this again
yeah f it
