whatever everyone it's a girl superwoman
and for those of you who don't know me
my name is Lily and I go by the persona
of super almond I'm an entertainer I
make buying weekly comedy videos on
YouTube now that we know each other
what's up now this is the first time to
watching one of my videos please do not
be fooled I usually do not make these
types of videos and very light-hearted
positive unicorn but today I have
decided that enough is enough
because this morning my patience was
tested to such an extent that my care
cup is now empty so hi hello this is my
video message to Air Canada and I'm
gonna try my best to be professional and
mature but let me just tell you it might
be a bit hard cuz your I wanna do you
know what I wanted you know when you
learn a new language and the first words
you learn are always like the swear
words of the languages yet I want to say
all of those words to you but I'm not
gonna mmm good night Bumba clot jerk
faces oh I'm sorry my bad I was that
rude sorry I guess I just wanted to
treat you how you always treat me here
Canada and I'm just getting started so
if you follow me on Twitter you know the
I branch in about Air Canada before so
you might be wondering why am I making a
video about it I'm gonna tell you why
let me tell you why right now and just
so we're clear I feel the need to tell
you that this is not just a customer
like what a bad experience with an
airline now making a video because I'm
on some rampage this is not that I
travel a lot to give you an idea since
the beginning of the year a que for the
past four months I've been on
approximately 24 planes so needless to
say I have a lot of experience
travelling with airlines and going to
different airports so having said that
I'm not just telling you things that
have happened to a friend of a friend of
mine you know made up stuff know these
are facts think that have directly
happened to me shall we begin
so last year me and my mom are flying to
New Zealand and we couldn't check in
online because lo behold Air Canada's
online check-in wasn't working so I
would have to the desk very politely I
was like hi me my mom are traveling
together and I don't know if the flight
is full but okay well as the fighters
foal why are you asking me just drop
your bags here and go over there I can't
help you with anything didn't even let
me finish my sentence Air Canada so
whenever we proceeded with our bags to
wherever she directed us and one of our
suitcases was really heavy so I'm trying
to put this suitcase on the conveyor
belt and I'm clearly struggling there's
an air can associate
mail someone was clearly physically
stronger than me standing two inches
from me just watching me
struggle with my bag me my mom struggle
with my bag what kind of human know I
have a spring back air canada in january
i planned a trip to LA and i really want
to take my imac with me i'm not talking
about my laptop I'm talking with my
27-inch iMac that I cannot live without
so I did some research online you know
how can I take this credit check in was
confused so I called them waited two
hours on home until I got through
someone hi so my bed confuse like I'm
trying to take my iMac on the airplane
can you tell me what's the best route to
do this yeah oh we don't really have any
type of baggage insurance at Air Canada
but if you wanted to try taking it on
the plane but I can't really tell you if
they'll let you on with it or not I
suggest you just bring your computer to
the airport and see what happens
bring my computer to the airport and see
what happens now I'm on a plane in my
computer is waving bye to me from
Terminal three Air Canada the next month
in February I went to London on my way
back my flight got cancelled so they
delayed it every hour for about five
hours until they gathered us all in a
room and said there's no flights going
out today but you know what I wasn't mad
if something's wrong with the flight
safety over everything there's no need
to be angry and although everyone else
was pissed off I remained calm but
throughout this entire flight
cancellation process every Air Canada
employee I encounter did everything
possible to make this process as
difficult as possible as soon as they
announced the flight cancellation they
just ditched all the passengers in the
airport we had no idea where to go in
fact one of the airport officials was
really upset about this and talked to
the management at Air Canada and I saw
firsthand the air cannon management go
whatever as soon as that person walked
away they told us to come back to the
airport the next morning for our 6:00
a.m. flight my flight was at 3:00 p.m. I
now live at the airport enter Canada and
this led to breaking point number one so
I had initially bought some duty-free to
get on my flight but when the flight was
cancelled I had this liquid bottle that
I couldn't now take his carry-on because
I left the airport so I had to put it in
my checked baggage because of this my
checked baggage was two pounds over so I
go up to the desk I'm like hey I had to
my duty-free in the suitcase don't know
what to do with two pounds over and the
goal the desk was like okay
you know we get a flight cancellation go
put it on that trolley over there
so now wet and I go put it on that
trolley over there and then some Air
Canada troll comes up to me is like why
is the suitcase on this trolley and I'm
like eh so the lady over there said that
I can put it this is only for oversized
baggage okay but I just looked out lady
right there Mac I'm not gonna argue with
you okay I'm taking this off and putting
it over there this is only for oversized
baggage if it's overweight it's not
coming on the plane
didn't let me finish my sentence again
Air Canada he proceeded to ignore me
took my suitcase off the trolley and put
it in the corner over there then I went
to the management the same girl who was
all like to the airport official told
her she did absolutely nothing and then
walked away from me I proceeded to then
ball out of frustration cry in the
corner by myself because I was tired
hungry missing home and I lived in an
airport finally though I got on my
flight but I was told that my vegetarian
meal option wasn't transferred over and
I might not get a vegetarian meal so I'm
like you know what I don't want to start
for the next eight hours I'm gonna go
get myself a burrito so I'm about to get
on the plane I have my backpack my
carry-on suitcase and a small plastic
bag with a single burrito in it and you
know what I hear man you're only allowed
two carry-on bags oh no I know I have a
backpack and this I just had this
because of my meal option I'm sorry man
how many bags you have one two so you
have three bags right are you telling me
this burrito counts as a bag nevermind
you slide this time but just keep in
mind there's only about three bags go
ahead ex-squeeze-me you delayed my
flight canceled my flight been ultra
rude to me I've been this Airport for
seven hours and you're gonna give me a
hard time but a plastic bag that has a
burrito in it whatevs I finally land in
Toronto one of my suitcases is missing
and the other one is broken
I now need a psychologist Air Canada and
all of this leads to today this morning
the reason I am making this video so I
came back from London this morning and I
had to stop over in Dublin okay and
before I got on the plane from Dublin to
Toronto I was stopped before the plane
and taken aside to ensure that my
baggage was transferred over literally
the lady pulled me to the side took my
baggage tags looked at her computer
typed it and said yeah we should want to
double check yeah your bags are on the
slide perfect go right ahead and I was
like fantastic wonderful sweet so I
learned in Toronto waiting at the
carousel for my suitcases
and my iMac in five minutes past ten
minutes past 20 minutes past I'm peeing
a little now so I'm a little stressed I
go up to Air Canada customer service on
my cake
can't find my bags I'm hoping you're not
gonna tell me they're not here here you
go sure enough to reply uh yeah it looks
like these bags are still in Dublin um
but you'll get them tomorrow at about
3:30 minor detail I'm flying to LA
tomorrow morning at 11:00 a.m. so now at
this point I'm extremely stressed
naturally I wasn't being rude but I was
stressed I was like hey that's not a
good option for me because I need all of
my stuff for my flight in the morning so
what other options are there and I'm
talking to this man right here on this
computer and his coworker mr. Air Canada
over here decided to interrupt our
conversation and says and I quote listen
ma'am I understand you all have your
bags but we're not magicians okay we're
just telling you what the system tells
us if you want to know why your bags on
here maybe you should call the air
canada lady that told you that in dublin
and this led to mental breakdown number
two I walked away started crying out of
frustration at this point you might
think I'm that emotional girl that just
cries and everything no no I never cry
I'm not emotional I think I've cried
like four times my whole life Lion King
a walk to remember
Air Canada Air Canada so do not be
confused like excuse me you're not a
magician I know it took magic to get my
luggage from A to B but now that I know
I'll make sure I rub a lamp before I
board your plane like why are you being
so rude to me I'm not being rude to you
you're gonna go home and you're not
clothes and underwear and I'm not so
just relax with your attitude mr. big
baller baggage service it takes magic to
do our job correctly
Air Canada this is our fault but we're
gonna treat you like it's yours
Air Canada now I want to make it clear
that I'm not saying every person who
works at Air Canada is a jerk like if
you work at Air Canada or your parents
work at Air Canada
I'm not generalizing you or all their
employees because to be honest a few of
them have been nice to me but let me
just say about 90% of all of my
interactions with Erekat employees has
been completely unacceptable and rude
throughout my entire existence and I am
so bothered by this because as a proud
Canadian we have Tim Hortons okay we
have hockey we have amazing health care
we are an epic country but you Air
Canada learn utter embarrassment to us
you are a terrible rapper
intention of what Canadians are pagans
are very nice we apologize for no reason
we're safe behind it breaks my heart
that people around the world speak to
you thinking you're what Canadians are
like now you may be wondering why I
continuously keep flying with Air Canada
two reasons reason number one
unfortunately
they aren't when the only airlines that
flies directly to a lot of destinations
I need to be at in a tight schedule
number two a lot of times organisers and
promoters booked my flights for me and
so they choose Air Canada and that's all
gonna stop right now at this moment
because hear me loud and clear what I
say right now hi anyone who ever wants
to hire me for anything I need you to
know right now that I refuse to fly Air
Canada burned my soul that tomorrow my
first flight is with Air Canada but that
will be the very last time I will never
ever again fly with this horrendous
airline in fact if you even send me a
reservation to be like hey can you
confirm this it says Air Canada I will
literally say no buy a boat and sail to
your vent across the ocean in fact I
will shrink myself okay make a paper
airplane and tell someone to just throw
it as hard as they can and hope and pray
I get to my destination instead of fly
with Air Canada okay so don't even send
me a reservation don't even send me an
email don't even suggest Air Canada to
me and lastly the point of this video is
not just for me to rant and complain
although it may seem like that but I
actually want to do something about this
because they mistreated me but I also
see Air Canada mystery people all the
time usually minorities as well it's no
wonder you were labeled number two worst
in customer service of all Airlines but
I want them to address this dear Air
Canada how do you plan to resolve these
issues I'm not saying you need to fire
all your employees but maybe you
actually cared about how your employees
treated customers that might be kind of
good and again I'm not stupid I know the
person behind the desk isn't responsible
for a canceled flight or bag being lost
but the least they could do is not be
rude and obnoxious to make situation
worse some suggestions maybe start some
training workshops maybe guest services
maybe mystery shoppers whatever you need
to do to fix this I want to know how
you're gonna fix this do something and
considering the fact that all the people
I've seen you mistreat probably don't
have a following of almost 3 million
people I've taken it upon myself to
share
messaged only one help me up click the
links in the description to share this
video tweet your cat do what you need to
do I want whoever needs to see this
video to see this video
hello Air Canada hello having said that
story this video wasn't funny if this is
my first video you watch I promise a
more unicorn positive and fun and stuff
but I just really need to get this off
my chest for my own mental stability
because recently there's been so many
companies and organizations that have
been so rude obnoxious and sketchy like
one just tried to rob me the other day
liquor gently rocked me to make a video
about them to just
congratulations air canada for being
first on my list of people to slay at
least you're first at something anyway I
got to go get ready for my flight now a
k go be by everything in my life until
next time make sure you rate comment and
click that subscribe button because they
do make new videos every Monday and
Thursday one love superwoman that is a
wrap end I have no underwear now
Air Canada hey if you don't believe that
I usually made positive funny videos
check out my last video right there also
check out the new episode of giving back
land right there look to more positive
videos right there
right there in the meantime airtight it
up
