hey brother and that's all me so
addicted whatever it's a girl Superman
I'm in London England blue and I've said
this many times before and I'll say it
again that London holds a very special
place in my heart because my first
international gig was in London and all
people just gave me so much love and so
much support and it's just awesome so
awesome to be honest I'm here pretty
often
right but hey you've never been to
London don't worry about it cuz I'm
about to break it down to you or as the
Brits would say I'm gonna break break
break break it that's to me bread's wait
British people can count right yes or as
the British would say I'm gonna break
break break it down for your fella now
before we begin let's do some basic
translations for all the noobs elevator
lift fries chips chips crisps
what why do I become Scottish crisps
crisps underwear pants pants trousers
pop or soda fizzy drinks crossing guard
lollipop man yeah I like you
I fancy squirrel squirrel aluminium
aluminium Jaguar Jaguar sprinkles
hundreds and thousands wait what
that's right British people call
sprinkles hundreds and thousands because
apparently there's a tiny British fairy
that sits in the containers and counts
all the pieces all while drinking some
tea now why don't you walk into a store
and just like a robber I can I get back
door now right there with hundreds and
thousands mate and the person just like
yeah unfortunately this one only has 99
pieces on top so no can do also British
people usually don't say how are you
instead they say you're all right which
I find extremely confusing because like
yes I'm okay do I look like I'm not okay
is there something in my teeth Indra is
there farm on my face now I'm panicking
now I'm like do I look okay my
self-esteem pumping stop judging me like
I never wanted someone ask me like are
you alright and I feel like yes and I
feel
we get defensive knowledge a you all
right not much I know you are but what
am I your mother I am rubbing you ugly
whatever you say bounces off me and
sticks to you night hey breathing now I
think this is just me but I feel like in
London everything talks a lot for
example if you walk into an elevator or
a lift and it's all like doors opening
doors closing level one doors opening
doors closing like I'm standing right
here I can see what's going on I don't
need you to narrate everything for me
and on top of that makes me feel very
uncomfortable because I feel like
everything I do now
in this elevator is gonna be announced
just like doors opening doors closing
picking nose making out popping breathe
taking selfie doors open where it's
almost like British people find their
own accent sexy so I just wanna keep
talking and listening to it they just be
like hell and welcome to the lift the
doors are opening now and you can hear
my accent and that means your legs
probably are too and right you are and
then of course the infamous line that
yeah now let me tell you something okay
if a monotone British woman tells you to
mind the gap you mind the mother at the
gap okay because a lot of times that gap
to get onto the train or two or the
subway whatever you call it is that a
gap it is the Grand Canyon I swear to
God I've seen some gap so big that you
had even step into the training it's a
straight up running long jump into the
train so Korean stretching the trains
covers I gotta writers do this one yeah
I made it
oh but your ponytail did
and of course they drive on the left
side of the road in London which is the
opposite of North America we drive on
the right and you know eventually get
used to it and you're kind of just
telling you okay yeah I'm used to it you
just be the passenger side just like no
no no no and then the driver just turns
doing no oh oh no my Bruni I don't have
a chip and I be tripping like literally
it'll happen at least once or hot which
is the normal heart no more heart nobody
see your heart to your heart cuz
seizures happen in the heart
hashtag science biology human body hair
and face it's almost like when instinct
broke up you know what I mean like you
feel like you're used to it it's nothing
new to you you will come to terms with
it then all of a sudden sometimes just
like no no just getting back to boys for
life son hey buddy
speaking of driving everyone drives so
close in London like you can literally
roll down your windows and give the
person next to you a high-five which to
be honest is pretty dangerous especially
for children because like what if I
didn't clean my room
and my mom just pulls up next to me she
can just slap me from her car just share
it with Polly but looking here top top
top ends up this song hey buddy
ha it's straight up a soaker jam in the
streets of London because everybody's
ready to match everyone else's bum bum
bum ah shit but fuck I didn't know if
that's a real sort of song I just said
something provocative and then move my
waist must be legit legitimate it
legitimate it hitmaker I guess the only
difference is that the horns on London's
streets don't sound like bleep boy
they're more sophisticated in like
British - like big beep blow I made and
the rolls are so narrow the other day I
told my taxi my can just drop me off on
the sidewalk right here needs a sidewalk
what stop about this a man
hmmm like I do not get how the heart of
London doesn't have a heart attack
because its arteries be clogged is that
a bra story time four hundred years ago
mr. Sun and his army came to invade
London but then the Queen killed him and
he was never seen again
yeah it is very rarely sunny in London
because it's always raining and you know
what that music and you can't be taking
those fabulous front camera selfies
because if there isn't a flash
there isn't anything besides teeth in
your picture what's up Valencia what's
up early-bird what's up contrasting
what's up brightness filter all the
photo editing apps but you know what's
right out but doesn't even matter if
there's no Sun in London this isn't even
Maddy Noah because you're sexy
English accent can brighten up my big
anytime people sound so sexy here that I
usually don't even listen to what
they're actually saying I'm just hearing
their voice they may listen I know I
said you was like fam broth but like I
heard you were chatting my rubbish in
it's like I'm gonna have to allow you
yeah
can we make out he's forget standing
there like Prince Charles and bring a
standing there looking like goofy just
like oh good what a reverence oh wait
was that crusty or goofy you decide
comment below what up interaction
anyways that's all for now make sure you
click that thumbs up button if you
haven't already done so click subscribe
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday and you never know
where in the world I'm gonna be until
next time one love superwoman that is a
wrap and
I brother London I'll see you Sunday at
DG fast by brick we pardon young I'm Way
more talented than she you show the
choppy Oh
single ladies
