whatever one's a girl superwoman and I'm
about to do something disgusting and I
figured if I'm going to be a hot mess
throw up and kill myself I would love
nothing more than to do with this
darling okay so what can you do is the
bean boozled laughing of those bean
boozled challenge which is a smelly
reading challenge which these dirty
Harry Potter jelly beans basically we
have this plate of jelly beans I'm good
some of them my name is Steve the first
person to spit it out
has to do a dare so the goal is keeping
your mouth I'm good at keeping things
enough for a long amount of time but
didn't shine we both compiled all the
tears in here so they're very ratchet as
you could imagine hey let's do red okay
cool oh I think it's gonna be okay
what to be like period 101 to cinnamon
is rubber
I can just tell by the look of this this
can't be good looks like an egg of some
sort if I'm Meryl
oh oh good this is not good but I want
to spit it out okay what is my it was
pretty good marshmallow lemons are any
of these back one two three boom BAM
that was thick I don't know no I took
one bite of that and try anything
that's nasty the hell it's haha
prehistoric pterodactyl that was sausage
Oh
cherien not always like used to eating
sausage peg leg Oh shot father know what
you want move in there but you spit it
out to blend in words but you also with
that well that we both would do
something yeah okay I'll go fine so you
holes looking finish it with you my dear
is yeah sort of your opening call Tyler
Oakley on speaker and say I want busy oh
hey Tyler it's Lilly a case superwoman I
just had to tell you that I want the D
by don't Reno's young uns don't Reno's
the kid on taint we're really snapbacks
for rest of video all of that all of
them yummy oh my gosh looks like a
getaway ice cream cone alright tell
because shall we continue to three
delicious awesome delicious I was a
blueberry one too
okay come you rotten egg oh you know
that what I have to go out on the
balcony topless and sing a dark horse
but although has to yeah you want to
play you got your father
cuz we covered that's like
Instagram a pic massaging the other
person's feet oh geez FEX like button
and growth the kids stop lying
Oh - I don't want to do that but that is
it all ball is it all this can fly one
take my carpet cleaner yeah yeah
horrible of the worst one so oh yes it
give you a lap dance
that's mine mmm you're surprisingly good
of it not this ratchet one we've not had
yet it looks like it has leprosy can I
just say that I thought my head is about
to fall on one two three vinyl is
delicious I love it what is it it is
like no to Djibouti
okay first two they're not matching
colors so they'll be totally different
one two three oh my god oh the worst one
by far oh my goodness
ah dude this egg like pepper yeah yeah
let's head way off getting a bunch of
gray gas on the gas you guys what you
have
oh my god what vomit
who decides a commercialized vomit these
people they can be sued take the
bollocks the DA brother robot I'm done
okay my chair is a twerk for the camera
hey daddy by nature like I'm hip-hop the
way my hands in the sky away from text a
youtuber a lame pickup line I'm gonna
pick grace in your left leg it's
Thanksgiving
your right leg it Christmas can I visit
you in between the holiday I'm toothy oh
my god your last oh my god oh my gosh
that's disgusting
Instagram and ugly sulfate yeah that
your wax is all to myself I guess right
now posted want to get all the boys
around here all the boys you should eat
my shirt what go onto the balcony and
yell about how bad your period is
my period completely fuckin sucks and
there's blood everywhere and runs around
and it can't breathe and I'm so sick of
just all this redness is ruining my
carpet and my vagina it's true Kings
hands really have flow like straight up
history could be an Eminem song Kyle all
I would pretend I'm King and you're
super that's what reactions up to do
here okay right one to follow I think is
it later once again I don't know what
else is an ID on top powers of a wrecker
lick my face I've been on my feet all
day
Oh watch these songs together by golly
how they're dipping sauce here I'm gonna
take off okay we are officially the
closest people on you see the left
please you licked my feet I hate the
block Larry duck face wish for watching
us torment us on
hands off you to check notching Tingley
- I'm a rapper you check up Kingsley's
channel click his face right here it'll
be in the description he's amazing and
sweet and I love them and check them out
one love superwoman that is a wrap
