bush monkey I am that whatever boy it's
a girl superwoman and if you know
anything about me you know that I love
social media specifically Instagram I am
all up on Instagram and so having said
that I feel like I am very qualified to
make this video types of comments on
Instagram because I see a bang so are
you ready let's do this number one
ratchet rhinos now ratchet rhinos are
those men who go through Instagram in
our life waiting for women to post thing
that as soon as a woman posts a picture
of anything that's it you to be like
let's get the right chip am i tall
enough for this it says let's get
ratchet what up t-shirt reference right
off the bat Testament even been a minute
somebody give me award I want to cookie
oh the beanies way harder than I thought
it was these men are on Instagram solely
to say inappropriate things to women
like I just posted a picture of my pasta
and they're all like nice boobies I want
to smack that bleep sex I want to sexy
girl you can get and I'm all like oh but
you can't so move right along your
McNasty
like honestly it's penne pasta are you
gonna hit on everything that has a hole
in it like I don't get it if I post a
picture of some Swiss cheese are you
gonna freakin turn the lights down low
listen to some Miguel and touch your
manboobs
I am confused like I just don't get
where you think these comments are gonna
get you like I'm gonna scroll through my
feed see this comment if you want to
smack my booty be like stop everything
you'll let me book my plane ticket right
now - whatever the f you live okay come
to your house throw on my yoga pants
just like I am ready because
unfortunately it doesn't work like that
number two frisky fangirls now these are
the fans that take fandoms to the next
level because these girls don't just
think you're talented they don't just
like your music no they won't do
bangerang with you Justin Bieber could
literally post a picture of his pinky
and all these fan girls will be like
yeah perhaps JB me and usually these are
a whole bunch of young uns who don't
really understand sex and don't know how
to dirty talk or know how the body
functions at all just like I want to
tickle your butthole
please suck my elbows literally picking
any body part and involving their mouths
and things
it sounds sexy I want to rub my teeth on
your funny bone
babe babe babe a but oh Justin please
lick my hair follicles and brush my
teeth with your kneecap yeah squirt
emoticons squirt emoticon disgusting you
need to stop no because I am concerned
for you if I was your mother I would
legit superglue your panties your butt
does everything
forget 14 year-olds using the eggplant
emoticons better behave yourself
number three annoying artists oh look
there's a picture on Instagram of this
boy praying for his father and it's
super sentimental this seems like the
perfect opportunity for me to make a
picture out of slashes colons and
brackets in the comment section I'm
sorry this my comment section look like
your mother effin canvas and don't even
get me started on all of those people
who draw those snakes in comment
sections you thought I'm talking about
it's like you scroll through the comment
sections and someone has done this all
down the comments making my comment
section this big like why why are you
doing this I am trying to show you a
picture of my cheesecake okay news
making my comment section into the
effing jungle book
all these squiggly lines hurting my eyes
Enosh if I wanted to see a whole bunch
of characters that weren't straight I
would watch Glee number 4 that's the
thirsty all these people want in life is
followers they don't give enough about
me
they don't care about my picture they
don't give no type of damn but my
caption just like hey follow for follow
I'm liking everyone's pictures who
follows me hey check out my profile for
pictures of two vegetables check my bio
for my new clothing line do you like
cookies ok great follow me can you just
follow me
I just want you to follow follow me
these team can you follow me do crazy
like um hi hello I just posted a picture
of myself looking bomb as app and you
are stealing my moment Shh
turn in my comment section into your
commercial okay honestly Instagram is
that desert and your thirst is somewhere
you do need some sprite number 5 the
jerk faces people who find something
wrong in every picture no matter what
it's up to
much makeup you have a stain on your
shirt you look weird
one of your eyes is smaller than the
other you have a pimple why are you
taking pictures in the washroom like
honestly don't give you this okay
because we both know exactly why I'm in
the washroom because the washroom has
the best light and I'm out here trying
to look like I have a booty and clear
skin and this light is doing it for me
so why you gotta be calling me up oh I
have a pimple Oh sue me okay I'm sorry
but Lindsey I couldn't make me perfect
for you hey would you know what filters
will help my pimple a little but you
know what none of the filters will help
your ugly personality yeah that's right
I'd love to see you lo-fi your arrogance
number six the gossip sauce I can post a
picture with any male and that's the cue
for team gossip sauce to come pouring
out all like I heard they're married I
saw them coming out of a hotel together
she said in an interview that they have
a baby oh my god honestly it was shut up
you're so stupid
they're obviously engaged she said it
herself and I'm just over here like yo
that's my uncle really I mean honestly
why are you always trying to ship me
with everyone clinging all these
imaginary relationships because can I
tell you something my virtual vajayjay
cannot handle all this action and that's
all for now I forgot any type of comment
and you're like oh no I've also seen
this comment below and let me know also
don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button and make sure you click subscribe
it's not gonna hurt you buddy I'll make
new videos every Monday and Thursday we
could have the sexy party that's all
next time one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop you want to do a follow
for follow yo I hope you liked that
video and if you did click right there
for my last video also make sure you
check out the brand new episode of
giving back glam right there or be my
glam squad completely take over a car
wash it's so fun and a hit show right
here so make sure you check that out by
clicking below Facebook Twitter all that
jazz in the description and I will see
you next time bye sexy
