where in the world is superwoman today a
Baltimore worker afforded to girl
superwoman and I scheme on my shirt yeah
so for so long people have been asking
me to make a part two of my types of
friends videos and if you haven't seen
the first one then like I don't know
what we're getting you'll need to lift
yourself from under that rock which
you've been living unless that course
that rock is Dwayne Johnson cuz then
wrap your legs around that rock you know
you know wait what if you haven't seen
it click here to watch it my mind
address doctor so here we go types of
friends part two number one the half
once upon a time this person was a full
human being a brother a sister a son a
daughter but most importantly your
friend yeah the city but then they got
into a relationship and now they don't
know how to function without their
boyfriend or girlfriend we go up to
chill their other half comes we're all
hanging out having a good time they're
on the phone with their boo all their
stories start with so me and my
boyfriend and it's so unknown angle like
I swear to God you started on story like
so me and my boyfriend I'm gonna tell my
story it's gonna be called so me and my
slipper because I'm about this Matt you
both so hard that your facebook
relationship status will change you're
in a relationship okay
but now it's complicated like is just
wrong okay listen your girlfriend how am
I supposed to complain about penises
when you brought one with you like I'm
trying to hear about your boyfriend all
the time okay because I'm single I
haven't worn a bra in three days and I'm
perfectly content looking at hot boys on
Instagram so can you just be an
individual please you're psycho number
two the emo texture we all have that one
friend who gets overly sentimental and
emotional via text messaging and I'm
talking for the most ridiculous reasons
okay like when we go out they ain't
saying anything we're all chillin go to
movies hang out casual things then I
come home and this chick B texted me
like hey so I just want to say that I
had a
really good time today and thank you so
much for being my friend like I just
feel like I can always be myself around
you and I'm so happy that you decided to
share your popcorn with me like I'm so
blessed and if you ever need anything
please don't hesitate to ask me okay
good night and I love you so much hug
emoji heart emoji kiss emoji like girl
we shared popcorn not a womb okay why
can't all sisters astronomy and now I'm
obligated to send you some sentimental
text and honestly I am just not now
like just stop okay if I can turn your
text into a Taylor Swift song we have a
problem like seriously you're ridiculous
stop being so dramatic all of your text
messages should start with Yash Raj
Films / lens don't do like this number
three the parent do any of you have that
friend who can never just be your friend
because they're too busy being your
parent all like did you eat if you
didn't eat you have to eat you shouldn't
drink drinking is bad text when you get
home okay I'm serious and not be able to
sleep unless you text me like bro the
last time I checked I didn't pop out of
your vajayjay like I'm pretty sure
unless I'm mistaken I'm a mistake I can
double-check okay open up let me just
yeah no I definitely familiar this is
not my home sweet home but on another
note bro you should get that check you
are my friend
act like you okay don't make me limit
your Facebook profile and put you on the
same privacy settings as my mom okay
because I will well I've been taking
shots on an empty stomach come at me bro
if I wanted to mother's I would tell
Ellen to adopt me number four the
speakerphone you know those moments when
you're in a quiet environment and then
your phone accidentally goes off you're
like my mistake and you put it on silent
because you comprehend and it's
inappropriate to be loud in such
environments yeah I have some friends
who are that phone except they don't
have a mute button friends that are loud
and cannot recognize that they are loud
and obnoxious so we come back from a
party it's late my friend decides to
crash at my place so I'm like hey my
parents are sleeping so like you know
and she's all like okay and then two
seconds they Sonic hey can I have a
glass of water what are you doing what
does SH me do you get what Shmi what do
you not get this
or the spigen goes to the washroom turns
on the tap for glass
your face are at my annive or balls
what's going on and what do you think
this is don't you know my parents are
crazy when you open and close the door
of my house you have to turn first and
then open so that it's silent you can't
just be opening and closing doors like a
normal person you know that say that's
that when one door shuts another will
open yeah that was made at my house
because the second you shut one door and
make some noise
my parents door is gonna open to cover
to whoop you making all types of noise
with your catcher sounding self okay
tomorrow when my mom beats me with a
wooden spoon I want to know that I'm
going down and yelling the murder
because of you number five the rent
receiver personally my favorite type of
friend now this is the person you call
once um next month will be pissing you
off because all you want to do is rent
and you don't want no alternative
perspective you just want to hear that
everyone else is stupid and you're right
and so it doesn't matter what the
situation is okay when you call a rant
receiver they totally get it
girl this chick was ridiculous okay you
should have seen her drinking water from
her water bottle like she owns the place
that home right best beautiful hey one
right and one you get me number six the
doormat this friend is so nice and you
just want to punch them in the face
because of it they're so nice that
they're annoying they never say how they
truly feel they never express any of
their needs and they don't have an
opinion about anything it's like they
think making decisions is rude hey you
hungry mm-hmm
I'm like whatever we can eat if you want
to eat okay but like are you hungry
mmm I'm like I'm thinking different okay
what do you want to eat I'm fine with
anything okay but like what kind of food
do you like to eat um honestly I'm okay
with anything that tastes good
oh okay something that tastes good thank
you for clarifying because I was just
about to order a bowl of urine but but
now that I know you like things that
taste good I guess I won't do that can
you please have an opinion number seven
the hopeless case now this is the hot
mess friend that needs advice about
everything what should I do with my
boyfriend what kind of job should I get
what should I say to my pain
and then you spent five hours of your
precious time helping them giving them
spectacular device and what do they do
the opposite of everything you say hey
what's that your boyfriend cheated on
you for the fourth time again maybe you
should break up with him yeah guess
you're right next day phone call we're
getting engaged like that why are you
wasting my time
like you're just a hardier feminist I'm
just waiting for them to make a show
called The Real Housewives of Brampton
so you could forget become a star and
that's all for now if I forgot any one
make sure you comment below and let me
know what types of friends you have and
another thing you could do is you could
click that thumbs up button because that
always makes me smile click subscribe
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday and other than that
um I guess that's it one love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop I ship will you
do pretty ship lilyc when you're bored
she never told me she going on board ha
ha ha this chick is bomb so many very
racist people here
