whatever when it's a girl superwoman and
my third most viewed video of all times
called girls on their periods in fact
this mean right here of myself that's
been horrid up on tumblr for the past
year is from that video so I thought you
know what it's about time that I make a
part two for no particular reason video
yeah so welcome to girls on their
periods part two next up showed up hold
up fellas before you go and run off sit
the F down and relax okay because I'm
telling you that you need to know about
girls on their periods because one day
you're gonna have a wife and if yous gay
then you have a mom possibly a sister
aka you will never escape PMSing women
okay is it ease like that scene you know
from The Exorcist where she comes
running down the stairs with our head
back we're do stuff it's like you want
to forget that existed but no no it's
there and it happened now having said
that okay girls on their periods don't
have their heads backwards but like our
insights are pouring out so like we
might turn your head backwards if you
don't know what that's going on just
like baby your period can't be that bad
okay I'm sorry baby
don't make me exercise you or turn your
next exercise you first of all if I have
cramps don't be disturbing me okay
especially if I'm lying down I mean
don't even come near me don't even talk
to me and let me tell you why because I
just spent the last 14 minutes figuring
out a lying down position that doesn't
feel like my ovaries are being stabbed
because this hurts hurts dying feels
like that Game of Thrones is in my lap
all right but this this position right
here is just right don't be coming up to
me being all like can I have a hug can
you pass the remote someone's on the
phone for you I not hear me when I say
that I don't effing care if there's a
tornado outside okay I'm not moving from
this position okay because that poor
NATO and got nothing on this tsunami
right her true story yesterday I was
lying on the couch and I was in the
position and the position and my drink
was on the table and I was so thirsty so
I'm like do not move over II
no and I couldn't reach it so I got a
dehydration so let me get this straight
god okay or science or hard work or
whether you believe created life you
want to give ladies their periods you
know when they're just a hot mess down
there and then you decide hmm this seems
like the perfect time for me to just
take a pinch of Ryan Gosling and
sprinkle it all over her hormones so
she's sexually frustrated dumb ass
yes boys and girls in case you skipped
those sex ed classes when girls are on
their periods they have so many hormones
going everywhere that they become
sexually frustrated done so now not only
do I want to punch boys but I want them
to kiss me on the mouth and stuff I'm on
my period okay so you better come here
and kiss me
but don't be touching me because I
effing hate you okay but you better come
here and say something sexy to me in my
ear but don't ever talk to me it's the
most unfair thing of life it's like
breaking both of your arms and then
suddenly having the urge to the macro
edge like you're communicating yeah when
you're putting in your hand make it e
make it yeah I don't know why my broken
arms affected my ability to sing but you
know what I'm talking about my area is
broken ladies how do you know if you
have a true friend of course you have
left the slumber parties the secrets
okay their date night but I'm talking a
true friend you know how okay you know
you have a true friend when you trust
them enough to check your path let me
explain you know what I'm talking about
you're at a party okay you go to
Washington get your period you're
wearing tights you're like oh my god so
you walk on you're like hey girl how's
it going so nice to see you're coming
for a second go America girl check my
pen can you see my pad all girls do it
that's right boys girls get their
girlfriends to check to see if you can
see her pad and 99.9 percent of the time
you can't see that pad in fact I don't
think I've ever seen
someone's pad when I've checked but I'm
always asked because in my head it feels
like my pad you look like a deck of
cards is in my tights just like hey
great party yeah great party huh yeah
hold on girl I'm shuffling boys let me
tell you something kid let me break it
down for you it is crucial that you know
the type of pads your girlfriend or
sister what the hell you're buying pads
for where's that ish is important now I
repaired not tampons but I can imagine
it's the exact same situation that's
right super one where's pads let the
means begin but I cannot tell you how
frustrating it is when I desperately
need pads and someone buys me the wrong
ones like hello my shedding uterus has
standards for example the other day my
mom accidentally bought me pads that had
no wings first of all I don't even
comprehend why you would make pads that
have no wings if you wear pads with no
wings please comment below and let me
know why you best have bought some Red
Bull
with those pads to kill some damn wings
it's like oh yes hi of course I'll buy
this ruler that's crooked and not
straight and doesn't do what it's
supposed to do properly straight line
shirt still there huh it's the same
thing except this ruler is not gonna
make nearly as much of a mess as this
crooked pad is gonna make and chances
are a lot of you boys are sitting there
right now being like what the f is she
talking about what are wings and you
just like shrug and I know this because
I jumped on Twitter and I was like hey
boys what do you think wings are and
these are some of the responses I
received to look like a butterfly
correct absolutely correct in fact it's
actually a tampon okay that I put near
my vajayjay and it makes echo kun and
then it evolves into a butterfly once a
month and flies away to help stick the
pad to your bum whoever tweeted this I
so wanna let you know that I'm giving
out cupcakes and slaps okay and I'm all
out of cupcakes what up t-shirt
reference koala bear swag pink shirt
therefore removing the sticky tab to
make you feel like an angel yes correct
100% correct in fact when I'm dying and
I feel like stabbing you in the eyeball
I just got my pad see the wings and
suddenly I feel angelic
backdoor sir wings are the flaps at the
side of a pad okay that stick around a
girl granny panties
so our you doesn't leak everywhere I say
granny panties because those are the
underwear your girlfriend will
inevitably wear when she's on her period
all girls have these five pairs of ugly
underwear they reserved for that time of
month in fact all girls have a panty
wearing schedule in her brain opens
drawer like okay so these five underwear
I cannot touch those are my grandparents
my period this one in case I wear that
dress cool
this one over here can slowly boost my
self-esteem after our pier is done
this will be the first kind tear where
would have done cuz that's really nobody
ruining or $27.00 Essenza silk panties
on no period because I'm reserving those
panties for an exclamation mark
lastly women we're friends now okay
let's have some real talk when you're on
your period and you have to share a
washroom with a man ladies can I get an
amen the stress I through my time Wayne
I'm trying to create more garbage than
there actually is a glowing my nose
throw that Kleenex in the garbage throw
my songs to Wales or brick anyways let
me just use these paper towels your fill
up the garbage coz you know what it's
like the pad isn't bad enough you won't
that pound a mountain and toilet paper
what else but it's the wrapper of the
pads coming as I go let's just let
everybody know that Lily's on your
period let's just wrap this pad and I'll
bright parachute just like oops
friggin wrap it in some MC Hammer pants
so everybody up in here knows what's
going on no real talk I will just put a
megaphone in between my legs right here
so I have one nose and they can see her
just wanna let you know I'm on my period
and to be honest pad rappers okay you're
just rude okay because you'll be sitting
in the garbage not even trying to look
small you just in the garbage like I'm
here everyone look at me
so basically boys when you're in that
situation with us help us out and just
pretend like you don't see it anyways
that's all for today
no please excuse me as I go eat an
entire pack of Reese's Pieces buttercups
with a fine self but make sure you read
comments and click that subscribe button
because I do make new videos every
Monday
they that's right every Monday and
Thursday I'm just like um one love
superwoman that is a wrap end
hey I hope you enjoyed that video and if
you did you can click right there to
check out part one of girls on their
periods is one of my most popular videos
all right maybe you'll enjoy it so click
right there
and I hope it makes you laugh my
Facebook and Twitter links are also in
the description right there so you can
click those too with you want have a
good day
