just to let you know I'm feeling extra
weird today whatever where it's a girl
superwoman and on Mondays and Thursdays
I asked you lovelies what do you want to
see and every Monday and Thursday a few
people say question answer Q&A Q&A and
I'm just like really you still want to
know more about me you see me twice a
week aren't you sick of me yet
but if you aren't then hallo let's do a
qua qua directioner forever asks what do
you fangirl about the most the rock
Alex act I sign is really but Alex asks
when was your first kiss I'm with who my
first kiss was oh my god what was his
name or was it what was it oh my god I'm
a slut we're off to a great start
what Ruth this little spot repair glad
to get back there letting people know I
didn't strain my hair don't be rude
Briana asks can you be my friend be
right back I've got make a friendship
bracelet
yes Conor Maynard please asks if you
could choose to be able to tweet through
mind power or take perfect selfies which
would you pick I feel like I don't mind
picking on my phone to tweet it's not
that much work however taking a perfect
selfie is really hard because half of my
selfies be looking like this you know
I'm talking about you take a selfie like
oh my god I look so hot let me take this
picture and you look at your like your
file from freaking Rihanna to roadkill
in two seconds next question Elle
dragonfly asks any advice for starting a
YouTube channel yes just start these
days when people start a YouTube channel
I feel like they put so much thought
ruin how should I brand myself and what
should I do
and what should be my schedule just
start what you think the rest of us have
a game plan hell no we're just making it
up as we go along
phoo oh great question then youtubers
asks oh it's like I'm asking myself a
question it's like it's like quoi
Inception how do you always stay so
positive to be honest with you I just
don't give enough about a lot of things
also there's a small family of unicorns
that lives in my stomach and they're
just like a small baby family and every
time I get angry they're like you know
Ruthie asks are you excited for playlist
live yeah I am I'm actually gonna jump
playing right after this video straight
from my gemma Norwood and be on the
plane right there and if I could explain
to you that not my panties are in I feel
like I need to show you the not my
panties all right let's say these are my
panties okay this is what it looks like
yeah
sunny person emoji picture asks do you
like Nutella what kind of ridiculous
question is that of course I like
Nutella and to be frank I don't trust no
one who doesn't like Nutella see seems
it asked would you rather answer would
you rather question or would you rather
not would I would I rather me bum ezt so
I'm gonna scratch it to answer your
question Green Arizona asks who would
you like to collab with the rock Purcell
asks how do you get away from stupid
people well that's easy
I just stop looking in the mirror Sonia
asks have you ever burned your fingers
while straightening okay let me tell you
burn all types of things while
straightening my hair I'm reckless with
that thing clearly I don't use it very
often but when I straighten my hair
burning my fingers my arm my head I sort
of got all types of things happened to
my body I once I was straightening my
hair and my two fellow
young gay can't came here that's not a
true story but I thought it was funny I
also just really wanted to do wrong
not quicker Saloni ask what is the most
awkward situation you've been in okay
okay well recently I was at a friend's
house and all of my friends aunts and
uncles were around and ones little
nieces came up to me and this is after
my BBC interview had aired and I guess
they showed clips of my video so she
comes up to me and she said Lily um I
saw you taking a shower on the TV and
every action all goes like so well no
showing my home girls get ready video
and of course they show the one part
where I was in the shower honestly those
jugs yeah
Rene asked what's your signature dance
move also Sudan shoe Don shoe ask you
are traveling around the world where did
you meet the craziest fans okay I feel
like I've met the craziest then I'm in a
good way
fan in woman at YouTube FanFest I just
see so much love and I miss you all and
you were wonderful in you you know where
you hit me you hit me right and the
feels my fields are in a cast right now
because you hit me in them what what
suga and stuff Ryan asked what are you
bad at relationships
Remi asks all-time favorite film white
chicks reason being oh my oh my oh my
food oh ho mah poodle and then you asked
did you come in like a wrecking ball no
I came in like a unicorn just like I
came in like a unicorn oh this is gonna
be one of those names I don't know how
to pronounce but everyone else knows how
to pronounce X khlo khlo khlo is that X
silent is it Chloe khlo
X Lex lo are you the real Slim Shady yes
of course I am
that's why I'm standing up khushboo axe
how do you react when anyone compliments
you exactly like this okay hey no thanks
Netta asks how would you describe
yourself in three words bum poop and
farts Vanessa
asks do you have any hidden talents yes
I do I'm gonna show you what if you're
sensitive to disgusting things turn away
right now I'm warning you because I'm
gonna make my thumb touch my wrist by
bending your backwards are you ready
these are last chance look away here we
go n you can look back now
that's night but ya asks how often do
you shower and fully get ready every
Monday and Thursday Ryan asked we did
right already asked question was that
different riding I remember okay
Ryan asked what is your favorite place
to be between the rock and a hard place
it's me
Sahil fancy person asks how do you dance
and break it down like a treaty so good
mm I thought you've never asked buddy no
droupati that's my Nani game she's not
my name
Oh Monica still broke it down Aria asks
what color do Smurfs turn into when
choked I'm gonna have to say that Smurfs
turned purple and yellow what up t-shirt
reference what I think part of your
brain just lagged over here because I
just exploded it if that's all for this
quad you like this quad you'd like to
see more quasi just comment below and
let me know it's not really sure you
guys like this stuff I figure I might
might bore you because I know why do you
want to know about me I'm just a weirdo
but the fun doesn't stop here if you
want me to answer more questions I'd be
happy to comment below with a question
for you and I'll respond to a few of
them and let you know what the POE one
one is as for me i'm headed to play this
live i hope to see some of you there and
if you haven't already done so make sure
you rate comment and click that
subscribe button because i do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday well I
love superwoman that is a wreck end have
a great day love you bye
yes that's right I am dating my
cellphone and if you have a cell phone
guess what you are also dating your cell
phone and I'm gonna prove it to you
right now by explaining to you my love
story
