no I don't want the fresh 'part what if
everyone it's your girl superwoman
and it has come to my attention that I
am in a relationship which is shocking
to me because I didn't know I was in a
relationship literally until right now I
feel like I've been one stick of Twix
that's just been looking this way your
whole life and obviously I've been
sleeping with someone too already time
hey and from the title of this video you
probably assume that I'm talking about
my phone and not a person so now that
we've established that don't expect a
punch line because I'm gonna be real
with you okay on my facebook timeline so
many people are getting engaged okay
happy three-year anniversary taking all
these cute pictures and I'm just sitting
here like I love you yes that's right I
am dating my cellphone and if you have a
cell phone
guess what you are also dating your cell
phone and I'm gonna prove it to you
right now by explaining to you my love
story now if at any point throughout
this video you're like oh my god that is
totes me click that thumbs up so we can
all join the side club together shall we
yes do it
welcome to my relationship phase one
heartbroken now it all started when I
got out of an abusive relationship with
my old phone and that mother effer never
listened to me always ignored me and
just did what it wanted it never
fulfilled any of my needs and it was
like being in a relationship with a
brick so I had to end it okay but now I
have this hole in my heart that I need
to fill and that is when I spotted this
new pretty little thing I spotted this
new phone and I instantly got infatuated
which led me to phase number two that's
talking so now what I'm on the internet
looking at pics of this baby okay
because I think it's so fun and I need
to know everything about you now because
I'm not down to rush into another
relationship okay
I cannot handle another disappointment
so I'm asking my friends about this
phone is it fast
is it big does it feel right will it let
me still talk to my friends can I easily
push its buttons and if I do easily push
its button that's just gonna stop and
break down on me I need to write no once
I decided I want this phone okay
I will do everything to obtain this
phone and that will lead us to Phase
three
our first day together I bring it home
take it to my room okay just me and the
phone open you up very slowly though
baby cuz I know you're new and fragile
I'm slowly opening you but I stopped
halfway okay cuz I just wanna take a
picture of us show you off to the world
cuz baby you so fine you have all my
attention Jane I promise I'm gonna take
such a good care of you and guess what
that's right that's right you know it
I'm gonna leave your plastic on okay
because I don't want nothing to happen
to your fine self and I don't mean to
get nasty okay but tonight I'm gonna
explore all your features all this lovin
leads to more loving as we enter phase 4
the honeymoon phase we're so happy
together you listen to everything I say
I keep you warm okay I buy you some sexy
new clothes and I'm so good to you can't
help but just tell all your friends
about me I just changed my profile
picture to you and me so now it's
official I mean I'm so in love okay I'm
gonna roomful of people okay and all I
can think about is you I'm so happy and
this is gonna last forever send every
person ever in a relationship until they
reach phase 5
the real deal your good looks just won't
cut it any more okay I need more yeah
you're pretty you're pretty ain't no
line about that okay but I'm just used
to you now you never do anything special
for me anymore you always have so much
going on and I'm sick of it okay I'm
sleeping and you're waking me up
I need some space and at this point
right here I'm gonna do something
dramatic okay I'm gonna take your
plastic off I'm gonna take your plastic
off and that's when you know that I am
just not so into you anymore and this
leads to Phase six the neglect I'm
taking you for granted I am using you
I'm going out with my friends to have a
good time and I'm leaving you at home
okay because I don't want to have to
take care of you I am hurting you I'm
neglecting you but what else am I
supposed to do you keep embarrassing me
in front of my friends
smile oh wait I'm on a memory okay okay
now smile Oh hold on I suppose a smile
up no way smile yeah you to the song
sixth on check it out
is it dumpster for you I come home and I
want to talk but you already fell asleep
I'm sorry to say it okay but I want to
break up okay because I deserve better
so I do the deed it's over and then I
wake up the next morning to face seven
the panic where did you go I can't see
you anymore I keep calling you you
wanted answering I can't feel you I'm so
sorry for treating you wrong baby please
come back to me I'm breaking out okay
you know everything about me I need you
come back to me and this leads to phase
eight the make up texts we get back
together and you already know what it is
what's the best part about fighting the
make up text I am on you all night I
remember all the reasons I fell in love
with you I mean sure you've got some
flaws you know you turn off randomly
from time to time but I still love you
you know me so well okay me remember
what it feels like to laugh together cry
together let's never fight again but
this only last solo okay because we can
try and try to make it work but
eventually we both know it's time to
move on which leads to face 9 the
goodbye I know we've been through a lot
I'm sorry to tell you there is somebody
else ok it's not you it's me
I just want too much okay and I don't
want to hurt you no more I'm sorry but
it's time for me to hang up now tell me
that that isn't your life story right
now
That awkward moment when you just
realized you're dating your cellphone
and your relationship with your
cellphone is exactly like your
relationship with other people now I
need to know if this is just me so if
this is also you please tweet me using
the hash
Tagg I am dating my phone because I
really need to know if this is something
I need help with and if you liked this
video don't forget to click the links in
the description to share it astronomic
you wait comments and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday dirt
what I love superwoman that is a wrap
and yo whatsup hope you enjoyed that
video as per usual you can click right
there for my last video also click right
there to see a new series that I'm
hosting : giving back clap it's on
island make ups YouTube channel right
there is the promo for the series click
it tell them I sent you there give it a
thumbs up do all that jazz Oh snow
