another hotel whatever I wanted to girls
soup woman I have the honor and
privilege of going around and performing
live in hopes of making people laugh and
I think it's fair to see I've seen a lot
of different types of laughs and usually
when I see people laugh my thoughts are
one of two things number one oh my god
yes there's nothing I'm so funny for
number two oh my god do i this stupid
when I laugh yes you booty what but
through my experiences I realized there
is a lot of different types of laughs
also someone emailed me and gave this
video idea and I was like wicked for
example the bipolar laugh now this is
when someone is really well composed
okay they're looking at you normal
person sitting up straight smiling and
then all of a sudden they find something
funny and it's as if the hyena from Lion
King has possessed their soul it looks a
little something like this what the hell
just happened
it's as if you swallowed a
jack-in-the-box so now your whole life
just gonna linger that's not I don't
know what I'm gonna I am scared of you
the dying seal laughs I don't know why I
feel like this the seal see you laughs
now I don't know what a dying seal
sounds like but if I had to guess I
would guess it sounds a little bit like
how a lot of people laugh don't groan
Sharon I'm attractive you know what I'm
talking about it sounds a little
something like like homie in high school
you were supposed to play the clarinet
not swallow it and have it leave in your
esophagus for eternity like I'm confused
should I be laughing with you a calling
an ambulance because like I'm concerned
I feel like you're gonna be laughing in
all the sounds like BAM and your lung is
gonna be in your hand and it's fake but
have it if that happens I will be the
one Indian person who's not a doctor and
I won't be able to help you the mine so
this person laughs and you're just
really confused because like it looks
like they're laughing
like they're laughing everybody else is
laughing but you can't hear them
laughing because they're just like and
usually they're laughing so hard they
get stuck in one position so just like
do laughing on transparent it's like you
know when you pause at YouTube video and
it's paused in a very unflattering spots
like the person in the video is just
like what am i saying of course you know
that because you always send me pictures
of me looking like an idiot yeah it's
like you're laughing and you look like
that except you're not in a video and
nothing is paused
you just buffering in real life baby
just like it you need to get better
Wi-Fi in your body the set on fire
laughs oh my favorite this is when
laughing gets harmful okay you'll be
sitting beside someone and they find
something funny then all of a sudden
it's like you're playing a game of
pattycake but - knitting all the game
started because they're just like
slapping their leg crap in their hands
hitting themselves all over the place
like are you laughing at performance top
just like Oh boobie pain and if you
still can't visualize just imagine that
someone is on fire okay and they're
trying to put out the fire very very
slowly just like you gonna burn also you
look great I think someone in the hotels
about to complain that into love I don't
care the embarrassment okay we all have
that friend who we love I'm saying I
love you as a friend you're a great
person but deep down I just hope you're
never happy so I never have to hear you
laugh because you laugh way too loud at
everything all the damn time this is the
person people stare at in the movie
theater because it's like
I'm confused do you think you're alone
I've been so embarrassing so you do
everything to avoid this situation you
really want to go to the movies and
watch ride-along with Kevin Hart but
instead you just like hey let's go watch
12 years of slave you know because I'd
rather see you cry that open your damn
mouth
this storytelling lad now this happens
to the best of us aka the story of my
life something hilarious happening I'm
saying it was really funny but you
weren't there so now I'm gonna tell you
the story so basically I came home and
then she's like I go home I'm in Chicago
and she's like and the other person is
getting really annoyed because they
don't know what the hell you're laughing
at so you're just like okay I'm just
gonna tell you okay I promise this time
you take so I come over they see you and
usually the story is really really
really stupid you don't get you had to
do it yeah you did it well I wasn't so
sure
fuck the turtle laughs oh the turtle
laughs this is basically when you're in
a room full of people okay something
funny happens someone tells a joke or
something everyone starts laughing okay
but you don't know what the f is going
on because you don't know the person
they just talked about you weren't even
listening but you want to look stupid so
what you do you laugh but they want to
make sure that they're laughing on par
with everyone else so they're laugh
looks little something I'm offering too
much too little husband this is a
dangerous situation my friend okay
because now you made us human you know
exactly what's going on of course you
know the person I'm talking about now
you have led it to more conversation or
they can ask you oh did you see the time
they did this remember what that
happened what you need to do is as soon
as this type of joke is told like oh
hello
yeah and get the hell out of there
lastly we have the sarcastic laugh which
in fact is not laugh at all it is just a
huge middle finger you know what I'm
talking about you go up somebody like oh
my god no you suck you and they're like
that you know what that means that means
I freaking hate you go after yourself
okay if you were on fire
I would leave you there drive to the
mall buy
chuckles come back for you and sing
campfire songs around you while making
some damn s'mores
of course I'm paraphrasing but that's
that's pretty much what it means I hate
when people sarcastic laugh to me okay
because I said something nice to you and
I genuinely meant it and you replied
with a hook you know that makes me want
to do makes me want to smack a hoe okay
and I'm saying smack a hole so hard that
she or she just disappears okay
Christmas is gonna come around Santa's
been back Oh Merry Christmas because one
hole died and that's pretty much it if
you like this video if you know someone
who laughs like this click the links in
the description to share it and make
sure you click that subscribe button
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday and I know that
collaboration finale is not out yet but
you know what we're just gonna ignore
that and it's gonna be out soon okay
what love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
I have an obsession with naming things
like ah my camera's name is Eric I just
made that up right now I don't know it
looks like an Eric I don't have a tripod
but my tripod at home his name is Stan
like a stand but without the D you get
it cuz he doesn't have a pee-pee
