this is happening what everyone it's
your girl superwoman and it is Monday
still here in LA even though where you
are it's probably Tuesday possibly even
Wednesday and you might think this is
late but no it's on time because I'm in
LA in my hotel room and you might be
wondering what drugs is superwoman on
and that is sleep deprivation that's
right I am so extremely tired that I
feel like puking like I feel like puking
because I'm so - looking what is going
on
I'm not even edit this video imma be
real with you I made a resolution I'm
gonna post a video and in my last video
called on my last video a few videos ago
my video called this is not a video I
said even if I have nothing I'm gonna
make a video because I want to stick to
my resolution and stuff so this is my
video I woke up at 4 a.m. this morning
and I just finished my shoot that ended
at 9 a.m. and after we go at 4 a.m.
again tomorrow so I thought maybe you
can cut me some slack today and I don't
have a funny video but this is my face
on a video so click the thumbs up button
if you would like to cut me some slack
if you press the thumbs up button I will
consider that as a pat on the back is
recording yes I will consider that a pat
on the back
um yeah but I've just received word from
my editor that my big finale
collaboration thing you should be out on
Thursday so I appreciate your patience
um other than that random things about
me I don't like pickles I don't like
olives um I have an obsession with
naming things like ah my camera's name
is Eric I just made that up right now I
don't know it looks like an Eric I don't
have a tripod but my tripod at home his
name is Stan like a stand but without
the D you get it cuz he doesn't have a
PP uh anyways I'm so tired
I'm so so tired and I'm just ah mother
yeah yeah yeah yeah of course my card
got full don't think I edited that no no
my card was full and I'm I'm back here
and talk more nonsense to you as what
was I doing
right trying to make you laugh here we
go yeah okay shut up Willy stop I'm
sorry guys I'm tired and I'm absolutely
dying you know I love you so much and I
still want to show you my face because
maybe for some odd reason you'd want to
see it and stuff but uh I'll be back on
Thursday and stuff and I've discovered
I'm a bit of a workaholic so the next
time I take on too much stuff please
smack me across my face because I don't
know who would think I am
say hey it's a party in the US
