whatever everyone it's your girl
superwoman look where I am it has been a
while and a half since I shot a video
here did you miss it did you miss it
hell yeah you missed it okay because
you're like me and this is like
basketball okay you missed it hard and
you got no net even though this is on
the Internet
rebounds and stuff and like sports okay
so on Monday I didn't release a video
because I'm a bad person but I told you
today I was gonna release my epic last
collaborations are you ready for it are
you ready Frick just kidding I don't
have it today either but I swear it's
not my fault I'm actually not editing
the video and it's in someone else's
hands so hopefully we'll get it soon but
for now just have to be patient but that
didn't stop me from making a video today
because let's be real not making videos
is lame speaking of where no matter
where traveling the world from place to
place to place to place to place certain
lame tendencies always continue so I
compiled a list of certain lame things
that people should just stop doing shall
we number one you know those people who
just sit by Facebook or Twitter or
Instagram or YouTube and they kind of
look like this because their goal is to
get that first comment or first retweet
or first like or whatever is and they're
so fixated on getting that first comment
that half the time when they get first
comment the comment doesn't even make
sense because they're just like first
Xiamen typos for days those people are
not lame those people are not laying in
fact I like those people because they
have some hopes and desires and goals
who is lame though is the people who
have to burst their bubble all like
actually you're not first or the
infamous Congrats would you like a
cookie you my friend
I got links is up your crack why does it
bother you so much if this person wants
to be first and what annoys me even more
okay yeah well it'd really be even more
and this is
serious issue if you're gonna offer
someone a cookie they better get that
damn cookie I best be looking in my
comments section and seeing some
exchanging of mailing addresses going
down because they know scams going down
under my video son what is your problem
just let them be okay
turning poor innocent viewers into
Leonardo happy oh just like oh oh I
didn't get first again that's fine be
nice to people okay even if their hopes
and goals and dreams are stupid and
ridiculous
okay so this not a single act given
number two I swear to God no matter
where I go in the world I feel like I'll
always find a parent who blames Miley
Cyrus for their hot mess children and
I'm gonna say this once okay and by one
I mean several times Miley Cyrus should
not be raising your children because
let's be real there's way greater
influences out there then might be sorry
so if some skinny white naked girl
riding a wrecking ball is the reason
your kids are crackheads that are
pregnant then you know what maybe you
need to be doing some good parenting
like I don't get it when Miley Cyrus was
in the show Hannah Montana did your kids
turn into schizophrenics did they have
two personalities no I didn't think so
so shut the F up because get this get
this I'm not riding a wrecking ball
naked because it doesn't matter what the
f Miley Cyrus does I'm pissed scared of
my mom beating me with a wooden spoon
okay and that's real talk
so parents why don't you get your ish
together because right now your issue be
all over the place okay like you have
bloody diarrhea number three so I come
home after a long day okay I come home
jump on my social medias okay post a
quick status before I call it a night
and then some douche has to comment
below correcting my spelling and grammar
like the mother effing grammar police
let you public shaming me because to be
honest Facebook isn't the most academic
space I'm looking at my home feed and
it's like okay picture of evil cat okay
drunken status invite to an all-ages jam
called bump and shine my spelling
mistake and then a picture of someone's
lunch after they threw it up hashtag
remix like I'm really confused as to
whom who are trying to impress like what
do you think
happen you're gonna come up my profile
correct my grammar all the girls at my
friends are gonna he knows how to use an
apostrophe oh let me just drop my
panties cuz baby let's be real kick your
punctuation ain't gonna lead you to no
pounds and no colons okay period also
shut up you correct my English I could
act you're gonna shred okay what up
superwoman mean reference number for aka
the story of my life people who get mad
at people for tweeting but not
responding to their text a k lily hives
I texted you and I didn't get an answer
but then I saw you tweet about your
lunch 15 minutes later so like yeah yeah
I get bloody sue me because maybe I
don't want to respond to your text right
away but I felt it important for
everyone to know about my lunch okay
what is the bloody matrix miles will
just inject a chip in Tim you can't
track me everywhere
forget telling me what to do that I'm a
free woman I will Instagram a picture of
me ignoring your text and tag you in
just like up ignoring your text no
filter okay you don't control me
god I apologize I apologize mmm
and that is my very short list of a few
lame things that people need to start
doing and I emphasize a very short list
so if you know anyone that does these
super lame things and you want them to
stop click the links in the description
to share this video also I apologize if
this video was kind of crap balls my
body is going from palm trees to winter
storm way too many times and now I just
feel like death before I want to say
while I was in Mumbai I did a whole
bunch of awesomesauce collaborations
they're all right here I'm going like
this and just sprinkle them frigging
magic right here like I'm in hog words
just collaboration collaboration I have
a whole bunch of them while rapping in
some I'm acting some I'm doing a whole
bunch of stuff and some of them just
check it all out there I hear and here's
to hoping that my epic collaborations
finale does come out on Monday we are
crossing our fingers but until then make
sure you read comments and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday
one my brain just farted
one love superwoman that is a wrap end
there's boogies in my nose I also kicked
the camera
oh I'm ruining everything what if
everyone I hope you enjoyed that video
as per usual you can click right there
for my last video this right here is for
all my Toronto peeps so if you live in
the GTA I have somewhere you should be
on March 15 my homies broken dance are
throwing an epic Bollywood fusion
competition called Bollywood dance
Canada March 15 all the informations in
the description tickets are on sale and
I am one of the official judges so if
your to see my face judging other
people's faces then make sure you there
tickets are going fast so that
information is in the description and I
should see you there
alright ah the kids Academy hit again
