what everyone's a girl superwoman and
often times I receive tweets and
Instagram comments but new lovelies that
say I wish super one was my best friend
and I'm just like oh no you don't
because I'm in weirdo and being friends
with a youtuber isn't always the easiest
first of all we vlog everything we just
have an addiction to turning everything
into creative content so grace is in the
washroom come on up
how you feeling hi you do you feel like
just lost 10 pounds alia broke up with
Steve oh my god I'm so what happened
just it wasn't working out like I took a
lot to say it finally so I'll just take
one step this way the life is really bad
over there just a little more motion
what happened and it doesn't stop at
YouTube oh no no no if you are a
youtuber chances are there's just a
social media whore in general hey made
it yeah sorry to post this one side it's
probably gonna take a while to give me a
second a oh my god oh my god I'm totally
tweeting this oh my god don't go in
there right good okay I have a really
important question to ask you
okay which filter do you like this one
this one this one this one this one -
it's a picture of an cheesecake right
and I'm asking you which one makes it
look the yummiest Wow you don't respect
my job
good day I know I miss you too
salvete and usually you can't have a
conversation with a youtuber without
them referencing a viral video another
youtuber or another channel and chances
are you haven't seen any of that crap so
what happens next well let's just say I
hope you enjoy cat videos and have three
hours to spare oh my god
I'm going to stop everything you're
doing if I ate an entire bag of stables
do you think I would fart rainbows like
nine yet what 9 10 I don't know what
you're saying oh my god you're dead over
here you get it it's like a cat whose
bodies a pop-tart its farting rainbows
through outer space how is this not a
feature film
I'm so confused you get it you get it
you're welcome
oh my god I'm so hungry it's like my
stomach's doing the Harlem shake the way
the Harlem oh my god watch this and
lastly yeah my friends know me as Lilly
but I'm also super woman and that means
when you get Lilly as a friend you get
all of my characters and to be honest
you never know who's gonna show up yeah
my new roommate she's fantastic
she's like super cool with a lot of same
interest but clean cheap yes it's
totally safe no just toys I don't know
she's awesome she's just like a person I
feel like I've known for a really long
time
and is super romantic and then he leave
earlier oh my god did she touch your
bosom she touched it for something like
that me what happened did you do this oh
my god you don't let go good
oh holy I got my period jiggers
great God God bitch I'm on my second day
look at me look at me Jesus I'm looking
fag my every other day I'm supermodel
okay they look at me look at me I'm
cutting Homer Simpson right now can you
see my bag check and you see my bag
right now
good god bitch man so are you sure you
want to be friends with all that having
said all that one of the best parts of
my job is meeting all the other awesome
youtubers such as yeah click on Grace's
face right here to subscribe to our
channel and check out the awesome video
we did on her channel too
we're gonna go one love superwoman that
is a wrap and fling there we go we take
what everyone hope you enjoyed that
video quick announcement I'm there right
now giveaway three pairs of tickets to
see me live in Mumbai your YouTube fan
festival peoples in Mumbai or somewhere
close to them but and you want to being
with me and come to my show listen up
this is what you have to do to in one of
the few pairs of tickets I'm giving away
on YouTube number one click like click
the thumbs up number two you have to be
subscribed to be number three comment
below with your email address and
briefly tell me why you think you
deserve to win and please feel free to
comment as many times as you'd like I'll
pick a winner shortly and you'll get an
email from me so I hope to see you at
YouTube FanFest with HP good bye on
March 1st kid
