don't do it
shut up you're not that girl shut up you
are better than this
I know let me know hello Oh what is life
what's the meaning of hey liver how's it
going I have some bad news for you
are you happy what even is happiness
hello hmm of course maybe I miss you too
yeah of course we can get back together
I think it's to Paco really even dead
Roger text your ex texted you next text
your mom too much
yeah hey Lily I'm Ryan Gosling Oh Brian
oh my god
take your heels off you should a hundred
percent half another time have another
self yeah why does Donald Duck even wear
a towel when he comes out of the shower
when he doesn't even normally birthday
hands oh my god he proposed
congratulations
what is going on of course I want to see
pictures I don't want to see your
pictures oh my god you look so pretty
what do I believe it didn't even land on
the moon oh my god and then he was
totally like her wait wait what was I
talking about
oh my god it's so nice to see you I have
no idea who you are yeah good good how
are you Ashley oh great yeah it's been
so long please say your name please say
your name
why are tricks just for kids home alone
finally time to relax boys there's
nothing it was a murderer no it was the
furnace the rain the grudge saw one
through five Last Airbender extended
edition you can sleep you can sleep
summer school school school close your
eyes work there's monsters out there but
don't you always do this shut up what if
this is the one kind of they're monsters
I'm not
oh my god hey would ya
you should collab with him really yeah
her DS really smart really handsome and
really fit really yeah okay hi hope you
enjoyed that video if you did make sure
you rate comments and click that
subscribe button also if you know who
this is
he is my brain AKA connor franta is my
channel so click on his face right here
to check them out and we did an awesome
video on his channel to which they
should also check out their shoulder
surgeries oh yeah okay oh and that's
pretty much it one love superwoman that
is a wrap and Zoop
sometimes my imaginary friend gets mad
when I talk to other people
shut up my bonnet dr. liar hey what's
this
what's this don't touch it mom look at
it a paper
okay Lily can I play with this no okay
put it down
