what everyone is a girl superwoman and
if your human being chances are at least
once in your life you've been in this
situation whether it's because of a
family party or you're babysitting or
someone's staying at your house for the
weekend
you get forced to take care of some a
random child your cousin your nephew
your neighbor your mom's uncle baby
boy's friends put on your does it matter
you watching everybody's kids and
usually the evening of Terror starts a
little something like this
Annie come downstairs yeah I have
surprise for you
really what is it come on you car come
on baby new leather seats folded boating
Jan's what you got my mom Lily look
who's here God your friends oh my who
look at you has someone to play with now
my hope decent garden he's going to stay
with us cuz his parents going to India
he's going to stay with NASA ha ha
hey I'm confused does he come with the
car oh my god you do gonna be best
friends you're gonna have so much fun
huh Wow
my mom always does this she tries to
convince me that I should be excited
about the situation I'm 25 years old mom
okay I don't need any more friends
I'm completely content with the 700 fake
Facebook friends I have what was that
other thing minor detail this kid is 10
years old if I wanted to hang out with
annoying immature brat I would just call
the friends I already have
just kidding love you surprised she says
surprised no you know what be surprised
if you call me downstairs and tell me
that dad is fine they're gonna let us
turn on the heat in the winter okay that
would be a surprise I feel like but this
is not a pretty surprised okay so I'm
standing there anyone you know what
comes next that upward little
conversation we're on dear uncle trying
to get the kid to say hello to you
politely but the kids just awkward and
shy and you just do
CAIR got in say hello hey cinema Stacy
got in you have to say hello okay I
don't know with two hands okay
successfully God said plastic already
aunty sir no not like this look at it
that's carnelian tell me I really won't
stop for good boy good good boy
go click yeah and so it begins from that
point on the child gets passed on to you
and usually the beginning it's super
awkward because the kid is so shy and
has no social skills but I have learned
that every single time in this situation
without fail that phase will last
approximately 5 minutes until that child
drop some sort of bomb on you and then
doesn't shut up so what do you want to
do
how old are you
sometimes my imaginary friend gets mad
when I talk to other people shut up I
bought it doc July hey what's this
what's this don't touch it Bob will get
it a paper
okay let's go Lily can't play with this
no stop hey put it down please put how
does this work how do I turn it on no
actually no I think it's broken
Oh fix it oh really nut broke it Lily
this xbox control you gave me does not
work Shh why don't we play hide and seek
okay okay okay cool
one two three oh my god where are you
I can't find you're so good I'm in the
closet what where I can't see you one
two three
found you oh my you're so good you
didn't even hide we're talking I was
trying to be the sole fall look at me do
you kiss people on the lips cuz you look
a lot like my sister and she kisses a
lot of people on the lips it's just a
downward spiral of whack sauced Tami G
bottom but as annoying as kids are there
are some instances where it's beneficial
to have a kid around
for example Instagram because everybody
knows that pictures with kids get the
most lights okay
so we about to be BFFs and these selfies
so then Michael told me that I should
you mind one second come let's take a
picture
why because of older and I said so over
here smile they're like you love me come
on
no look cuter or when you want to appear
to be wifey or hockey material because
everybody knows that nothing is harder
than your boyfriend or girlfriend
appearing to be good with kids such a
turn-on and I'm gonna turn this on all
the way get over here why I need you
back overlap come here laughs okay oh
you were just chillin there you go you
know now I can't talk right now sir
we're just I'm just having fun with my
new bestie where are you I don't even
get me started on snapchat okay because
every stupid thing this kid does right
now is a snapchat opportunity fun fact
I'm a really good dancer really you
should so show me okay it's good right
yeah but soon enough even those benefits
are not enough because my brain is being
eaten because this child thinks all of
his problems are such a big deal so we
were at PE and talking it was like you
can throw this ball farm and I was like
yes I can I can even throw it farther
than the far that you think you're
farting and so I was like okay fine I'll
throw I threw it and went really really
really gone and Tommy was like I wasn't
looking and I was like that's so unfair
and I hate it when people question
whether I can throw a ball far enough
and
I didn't run away really you know I
don't think you threw the ball that far
so like stop stop being so selfish and
delusional my god such a child what
about me huh what about my problems for
example yesterday I called my friends
saying hey I think I'm gonna wear red to
the party and guess what happens I was
the party she's also wearing red how you
know ever I defy that I'm going but
honestly no one ever pays attention to
the color I'm wearing everyone does this
to me and that's why I'm gonna move up
what you know funny thing because as
annoying as this kid is every time a kid
leaves me I feel like my heart melt a
little bit because maybe I actually
liked them so I gotta go Lily to see
John a ohh
Lucy no Joe
I mean even though I was a jerk
that boy enjoyed spending time with me
why can't all boys be like this huge
owes to my little bro Karan Brar for
being in this video if you don't know
who he is then you're missing out on
life check out the links in the
description follow him on Twitter like
them on Facebook all that Jetts he said
to you do you do also make sure you read
comments and click that subscribe button
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday one love superwoman
that is a wrap end yeah I missing here
I'm TG that's my sister's baby if you
think my dog the wrong then I think your
little crazy maybe you should teach him
but you look conditioned AG and also a
little
eating more
