can you see me can you see me can you
see me can you see me
you know me I don't know how to use any
of this crap right now so if you can see
me like let me just figure it out
because because I don't know I don't
know oh oh wait something's happening
wait bear with me bear with me can you
see me can you see me
okay sorry for that Braden pause of one
minute to complete brain pause I realize
that there's a delay on the screen you
know me I don't know how to use YouTube
live at all I'm just very guessing right
now so it seems that you will see me a
minute after I see myself I we're just
gonna start this whole thing over again
it's what we're gonna do you're ready
okay um we're gonna start ready here we
go
something super clearly ah every mess
right now I don't know what's happening
because as you know I usually don't do
my live streams on you to live but I'm
doing it right now on YouTube live in I
don't know how to use this what do I
look like some sort of smart person no
never
happy Valentine's Day bloody hell happy
Valentine's Day let me just double check
right now if you're watching this
because buddy maybe I'm talking to
myself right now
okay I'm going on this page I'm checking
out your comments and comment below and
all that jazz comments I want to see all
of the comments view all comments slam
alright can have a shout out she like
gosh oh yes you can see me happy
Valentine's Day I'm so happy that you
decide to spend Valentine's Day with me
there is a bit of a delay as I have
mentioned but I hope you can see me and
hear me properly
um chat let's click on chat okay that
did nothing let's click on okay there's
not so many options here she'll really
learn how to use this next time next
time it's on the to do list but as for
now I'm reading your comments there's a
double check yes yes everybody it's a
bit laggy I'm sorry it's a bit laggy
it's probably because of my terrible
stupid personality but grab yourself a
drink
grab yourself some snacks true story
usually I eat popcorn during my live
streams but I had one bag of popcorn in
my apartment and I burned it so now I
have not yours and haha and I have a
little drinky drinky that I mix a whole
bunch things in so uh happy Valentine's
Day to your face Cheers
now I'm drinking your face mmm if it is
joining us and you don't know what the
bomb becomes going on because you like
what the bomb Barros is this let me
break it down for you this is ask
Superman live a live show I do on the
14th of every month
and actually big news are you so such a
big news it's you it's huge it's huge
it's rhinoceros sigh it's t-rex size
news this is actually the three year
anniversary of ask Superman so let me
just real quick get on my knees and put
a ring on it put your finger out put
your finger out right now because I'm
gonna put a ring on it because it is our
3 year anniversary I can't believe that
3 or 3 years ago I sat here on
Valentine's Day and was like let's
bloody have fun together and it's been
three amazing years nobody kissed your
face right now she's so damn sexy let's
check what y'all saying in the comments
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah someone is
saying I should put it on 720p oh they
should put on 720 someone is suggesting
that you change the settings to 720p to
see me very clearly then you can see all
my pimples all my imperfections all my
annoyingness
100% clear maybe I should also just
clean this slam we gonna have a good
damn time like my sweater of course you
do we go check her trip to unicorn
Island what we're gonna do is I'm gonna
answer a whole bunch of your live
questions on the comments below on
Twitter on Facebook and as per usual I
have some beautiful shout outs see these
shadows all these shout outs to give
away and your name could be on it could
be on it damn it okay and I hope your
names on cuz damn fine
so first and foremost let's check how
many people we got here we have 1700
people here you know what that means a
lot of month effort people are single
right now and ain't getting it arm
myself included so I'm gonna take a
little not joke take girls salsa flop it
really still I'm gonna stop move them if
you're wondering where the hell I am
right now and in London England and if
you hear something similar to a
hurricane oh that's because it probably
is a hurricane because the weather is
absolutely horrendous here right now so
if you're some heat
would be the weather outside okay okay
okay let's go back to the comments I
wanna I want your comment below and let
me know if you're single or in a
relationship comment below
single in a relationship just so I know
who I'm working with here okay just so I
know just so I know these damn chips are
so good even others Dale okay all right
you guys are a minute behind me it's
like Inception it's like I'm living in
the future this is really weird cuz I'm
waiting for you to answer my question
and you'll answer me this is way too
much for me right now do you feel that I
think we're in the matrix just saying oh
I'm single single single single single
big a sense of pride if you sitting
there freaking whatever time it isn't
evening on Valentine's Day what do you
think I'm stupid are these new single um
single single single single single
single single single single single
single are there any couples watching
this together
I'm freaking like a boyfriend forgot it
was Valentine's Day screwed up and now
he's forced to watch it with his
girlfriend nothing like that a wine in a
relationship okay okay okay someone said
single as a Pringle and I don't get that
reference because Pringles actually come
in stacks so if you want a Pringle and
you wouldn't be saying on my friend
don't really lie to me okay all right
I'm gonna answers to ask you some
questions then I'm gonna do some some
shout outs and how you can win a
shout-out just stay posted just calm
your tits cuz I'm gonna tell you exactly
how you can want to shower okay yeah
yeah you see you see your tits just calm
them you see your panties just just
unbunch them boys you include it okay
I'm gonna tell you exactly how you can
win a shadow firstly though i'ma go on
Twitter and it
don't know my twitter my question what
the f is you doing it's right there in
the description of this video it is I I
suppose I tweet me your questions let
people know who's having a live stream
live scream we're having a live scream
that's a github that's a gift
live scream I don't know why I'm single
oh okay Trinidad is watching use
anything if I can you could give us a
shout out big moustache of Trinidad and
Tobago but mountings in a coach lime
fact bacchanal and all that Kingdom yo
cool alright what else is going on
Twitter
I want everyone by the way to use the
hashtag ask superwoman live okay that's
a si que su PE AR WOM and alive and I ve
asked supermoon live and if you use a
hashtag I will be answering your
questions it's that simple
here we go have I ever come to Quebec I
don't know I don't not recently at least
hmm what's my highest score on flappy
bird King you might want to sit down for
this okay cuz I'm about to own all y'all
and flappy bird right now my score is a
whopping six mother-effing six yeah
everyone else just get up everyone just
get up and now just take a seat
just take a seat because I just own you
and flappy bird okay bloody okay I'm
gonna get some background music going
because I'm feeling a little bit like I
want a bit a little bit of liquor and go
Valentine's a little you know Valentimes
bang so I'm gonna play some play some
Drake because I'm from Toronto and I'm
missing home you know what I mean all
right but not the music video I know one
got friggin 12 minutes to the friggin
waste on that
but DSP isn't like other big nice an a
bloody hell
all right let's do it yeah you feel that
I'm gonna take you on a date right now
baby come with me back to questions here
we go slam slam slam slam oh yeah you
know it huh huh huh okay um what would
be my perfect Valentine's Day date whoo
okay my perfect to be real with you I'm
still low maintenance I like the simple
things you know the simple things my
perfect date would be let's just
comfortably go to a movie get an
extra-large bag of popcorn with extra
butter you know I'm talking extra butter
where when you put it on your lap it
looks like you pissed yourself because
the butter leaked through the bag now
it's on your leg and everyone's like you
pissed yourself in your leg nah it's the
buckler okay I would love to go to movie
please some air hockey
I love playing air hockey maybe have
some M&Ms from skittles and coca-cola
and just chill laughs at a good movie or
watch good or movie to feed my pants
come home
they've got along the scope a little bit
maybe we don't little bit of kissy-kissy
I don't know how old you are I want to
keep PG my friend okay so that would be
my perfect day you let me know the
comments below what would be your
perfect day I'm gonna refresh the
comments and check all your little
suggestions we have over 2,000 people
here which means a lot of lonely /
amazing people watching this and I
bloody love you let's go back to the
questions here we go
can I get a ticket to meet you for the
YouTube FanFest
I've been treating me this that's right
and very centered okay I am going home
tomorrow morning flying back to Toronto
and then two days later I'm flying to
Mumbai / Bombay in India for the YouTube
FanFest and it is sold out the show is
sold out to YouTube FanFest
and everyone's been tweeting me be like
how can you scream what up previous joke
reference and everyone's between me and
I will say that I am I'm gonna be giving
away 15 pairs of tickets very very soon
you're just gonna have to subscribe to
this channel because I will be posting a
video probably letting you know how you
can win those pair of tickets to the
YouTube FanFest in India
so if using India right now number one
you should be damn sleeping number two
if you not I love you number three click
that subscribe button so you can check
out how I can give you tickets friggin
to hug to me and then I hug you be
freaking great it's a good question
great question let's have a little chip
break here yeah wicked oh my god someone
have can I do a handstand so I'm talking
at the same time we're all family here
well I need to impress you so let me
just get that out of the way and go
alright nice I know there's no need to
just hide it I can't do a handstand I
can't do a headstand I can't do a
cartwheel I can't do pretty much
anything but I can do the worm I can do
the worm damn frigging hell yeah I can
do the worm let's change the song juicy
Drake set me in the move oh oh oh you
know we need to play right now we need
to clear my girl beyonce is gonna get us
in the mood right now you just hold up a
second I made to serenade you real quick
okay so don't look directly into my eyes
or you might just start taking off your
clothes and not even realize it you can
just department eyes you gave me because
I'm just that good are you ready already
hold on polo
Swensen animal I'll stop I'll stop
creeping you out right now
good freakin song man good freakin song
I'm a check what y'all saying in the
comments real quick one if you guys have
a good time because I want you to have a
good time I don't want to be a boring
date
hell no I want you to frickin finish
this livestream and be like yo sugeun
was the best I ever had
okay the best I ever had
that's right bum bum reading your
comments woah woah woah woah woah yah
yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yah cool you
guys are freaking having a grand ol time
and I love it
I wanted you to all do me a quick favor
but right now this over 2000 of you here
there's already there's over 2000 here
right now if you love life you wanna
have a good time
I want people to join us wanna make some
new friends I need you to tweet and
Facebook and Instagram and Tumblr reddit
bumbaclot you doing the link to this
stream so people can join us everyone
take a second to do that use the hashtag
access to performing live I'm gonna do
the same damn thing right now
okay so we can get a bigger party
because we love people here on unicorn
Island what up sweater ruff
join us now because we are sexy and
single slam you know Hannah Hart and
grace and mamrie got me to have this
thing slam and I keep saying it every
second slam slam slam slam dunk alright
let's go back to Twitter Oh BAE BAE
alright here we go questions questions
quite someone staying on the best
they've ever had listen this is just
foreplay nod okay let me get to the main
event Sun gonna be it's the main event
Sun okay here we go here we go here we
go can I do a meet-up in New York I
currently have no plans of going to New
York
yet but don't worry because I'm sure um
something will solidify soon because New
York does reach out to me quite often um
so just stay tuned oh my god it's
already been 25 minutes time just flies
when you're having fun right can help in
five minutes I'm gonna give away the
first shuttle so stay tuned on how you
can get the first Valentine's shout-out
from me and then we're a hug your face
yes there's two thousand one hundred and
thirty six of you I appreciate all of
you you don't know who I am well you
should because you're my channel my name
is superwoman I talk fast and get a lot
done in a short amount of time and I
hope that you will like this thumbs up
and also that you'll click Subscribe if
you haven't done that yet because that
would make me smile that's nothing not
let's go back to Twitter for some West
Joanie's oh y'all are just tweeting
people to come here I love you all so
much
you guys are amazing you guys are
amazing Coke or Pepsi oh I'm gonna have
to say coke I'm happy to say coke I like
coke I think more mostly because of the
two polar bears they having all of their
ads you can't go wrong when you when you
mark it with polar bears you just you
just can't go wrong
you better be dancing with me but yo I
just danced my myself I'm hoping that
you're also sitting there watching me
intersect but did you go let's go
watermelon everyone closed when I bite
your lip kind of like you're having a
seizure
although seizures aren't funny but I'm
just saying kinda like that
wake head I'm gonna give a first shot
and win it in four minutes so stay tuned
but I can tell you the first shot will
be giving away on Facebook so you can
head or head on over there right now
facebook.com slash hi saboom I or you
can just be a lazy mama f MA and click
the link in the description it's right
it's right there hello link it's right
it's right there it's right there it's
funny because I actually can't see the
link so I just sent hello to my BP ah
wicked what are y'all staying in
comments are you saying sexy sexy things
trust we're all jamming out love to hear
it love it love you I love you too are
you dancing I love it everyone saying
I'm shaking right now dancing bringing
turnt up right now I love did I just say
turnt up right now who do I think I am
that's been Soulja Boy up in this joint
frickin turned bringing turnt up here we
go okay you need to head on over to
Facebook cuz I'm about to give the first
shout-out away okay so head on over
there on that note I really want to know
are you guys enjoying my club so far for
those of you that may not know because
you've done love me
I've been releasing a series of
collaborations on my youtube channel and
my Monday Thursday videos because I shot
a whole bunch of them in LA so you know
that's happening I sincerely hope that
you enjoy them and that you don't hate
me for doing them I don't know how you
feel about collaborations comment below
how do you feel some people like them
some people don't I would love to know
your opinion on the collaborations I'm
releasing so comment below and I'm going
to refresh right now I leave fresh
refresh
right now invent for your responses and
I'm gonna find a new Beyonce song and
the meeting time hmm hmm hmm what
Beyonce song - I want I know what I want
I know what I want
oh I'm gonna plate off iTunes why
because I purchased the damn thing
that's why I do things illegally on here
I'm kidding it's like the only album
I've ever purchased in life and that
would be mother effin Beyonce that is
right mm-hmm here we go
okay hold up hold up hold up that's what
I'm talking about
slang all right and go back to your
comments okay well ever do a cloud with
a Twitter forever maybe if you stay
tuned you will see her in one of my
videos yes they're awesome I'm glad to
hear it
clouds as long as they are funny
fair enough I love them love the idea
yes yes yes
love collabs I mostly want gaming
channels like can't see I like the claps
no problem baby boy or girl
no comment push it the arm scene more
clouds clouds are cool okay so a lot of
you wasn't gonna like the collaborations
that makes me very happy I appreciate
that thank you so much that feedback now
I give away the first shout out which
basically means that I'm going to give
you this piece of paper and I'm going to
make sure you can see it it says can you
see that it says you're damn fine i'ma
write your name on it and I'll pose like
that
I hope it's clearer for you than it is
for me it's a little bit blurry for me
but hopefully you see it i'ma write your
name right there okay and how you can
win this shutter is hand over to my
facebook page
okay I'm gonna make a post with my
latest video featuring you simp okay
pussy tube called epic Valentine's Day
rap battle
all I gotta do is click share share the
video say something nice about it it
made you laugh they made you laugh if
you thought it was silly say it was
silly say something about it and click
sure I'm gonna let that simmer for five
minutes
I'm gonna pick one person who shared it
to give the shout out to so I'm gonna
post that right now new quick second
click mmm
shiny one BAM
just post it it is up it is into the
universe I'm gonna let that be there for
a few minutes go right in there and
share the video there's actually a
really fun one of my favorite videos
they're so hard to edit and with so much
work but it's got a lot of great
feedback and I think it's one of my most
creative ideas I've ever had so I dig it
I dig it okay there's still over 2000 of
you I appreciate it so much and if you
haven't done so already please click the
thumbs up let's all take a second to
click the thumbs up okay then go check
how many thumbs upses oh we got lots of
thumbs upses well we could have a little
bit more bumps offices because there's
2,000 you watching we're not 2,000
thumbs upses take a second click the
thumbs up let everybody know you dig in
this right now okay comment below get
involved in trap let's hug let's mending
times
get the foot alright do it going back to
your comments who you be them to me I'm
gonna go back to with her answering more
questions on Twitter and eating nachos
multitasking
what's my favorite food
probably popcorn I really really really
like popcorn buttery for me it's like my
favorite thing Oh
trending god that's awesome
trending in Canada in the UK send me
pictures send me pictures of the
trending I wanna I want to see I want to
see if I'm trying to where you at
let me see take a picture in the awesome
if you can be trending worldwide and I
mean you know I mean kind of training in
Canada trending in London if I'm
trending where you are send me a picture
I'm gonna tweet about that right now
trending in Canada what a great
Valentine's Day tip you're the best you
are the best now already trending hasn't
even been an hour yet not even an hour
okay that's cold ice cream the frozen
yogurt 100% ice cream 100%
someone said yesterday had an ugly
argument with my dad and now I'm feeling
extremely bad about it story isn't
helping how now you know what you know
what the fact that you're feeling bad
means you really are sorry and I'm sure
if you think oh wait go to your dad
sometimes squats and hug him hug him and
sometimes you know what sometimes saying
sorry isn't enough and I'm a big
advocate of that the word sorry is not
me enough as it does not mean as much as
showing you are sorry go up to her dad
give him a big hug you can make you some
joke I make some tea
I love doing that I look right a
milliner drama picture do something
sweet show him I'm just saying your
dad's are important I mean popcorn or
skittles that's a tough choice but I'm
gonna literally I'm a popcorn I don't
think you all understand that mounting
the degree to which I like walk works
play some our June I will play some RG
my boy Arjuna is actually in Dubai right
now bloopers show him I was here homeboy
got signed to t-series massive respects
on that note of shouting on people for
all of your don't know my girls mainly
Hannah and Grace released their movie
today called Camp Takota Takota I could
never say it but it is released today on
Valentine's Day so if you haven't
purchased that boom you should
definitely do it
I'm Kevin Corrigan calm I'm gonna do it
tonight as well
so can't wait to watch it's probably not
probably it's gonna be awesome cuz I saw
the trailer and I was like so if you
haven't done that yet make sure you do
that and support them because for
youtubers go make a movie that's epic
and you should definitely support it so
if you haven't done that yet check that
out get that movie and freak and watch
it
I'm also trending in the u.s. a pair of
mix y'all too nice to me your tour nice
to me
and someone said worldwide I don't
believe you I don't believe you I think
you're lying to me you gotta make me cry
but and the iPhone right now you know
what y'all are great I love you I'm a
screenshot this right now I'm a
screenshot this asks with Roman trending
world I love you all to bits thank you I
feel like the song is making me really
emotional and I wanna hug all of you
thank you so much that's honestly this
is not in my accomplishments our
accomplishment we are trending worldwide
so freakin high five
let me go check on Facebook real quick
right now see how that sharing is going
and having a good time to feel it feel
it here we go
wicked I'm gonna give that two more
minutes so if you haven't yet done it
head over to facebook.com slash I
suppose I click the link right there
share that video and win a possible
shout-out from me right now
head on over you got two minutes to do
that two minutes okay let me check on
the comics you guys are know how hard
this is to multitask on the screen here
comments your facebook twitter it's like
a whole I need that thing that Iron Man
has you like I need me one of those
things all right papa yeah all right
let's say how is my cupcake I did have a
cupcake today and it was orgasmic it was
freakin amazing and a but you know
letting eat something so good that your
brain just shuts down it really was like
and then someone was talking to me nose
like cuz the cupcake was so good it was
so good all right okay try saying your
name backwards Eli you you you you like
one of my friends is really good at
doing that she doesn't like that I'm
trending in hot hot Arizona Arizona what
to you yes yes yes
yes I'm gonna answer your questions down
in the comments below so comment a
question below right there and I'll
answer it in a minute because that's
what you will have heard and you say
that that's right I love hanging out
with all you know I love that you'll be
playing out here you're here like I can
feel you can you feel me can we do it et
phone home alright let's check the
comments am I ever gonna go on tour you
know what thus far in 2014 I've traveled
so much so I usually don't do tour tours
although I might towards the end of the
year I might depending on a few business
things I gotta figure out but I did I
live in London I'm doing India after
India I'm going to the States Texas and
a whole bunch of places I can't remember
so I definitely I need a lot of
traveling this year I gotta do is follow
me on twitter follow me on Facebook and
you'll know about on my travels so
hopefully I'm coming to where you are
I'm more questions favorite clothing
store obviously jewnicorn island
obviously ww2 corn island oxy I just
saying timbers Club what up I also I'm
very fond of Hot Topic and Blue Notes
and forever 21 I dig it I dig it jessica
stays helping me at forever 21 yeah sour
okay this is possibly the most important
question anyone has ever asked me let's
just everyone calm down here summer ask
me sour skittles or playing this song is
not PG I'm sorry let me just change this
because young they go and brownie up on
this mother alright I actually like sour
skittles better than the original
skittles and a lot of people will agree
with me sour skittles are amazing and if
you never tried sour skittles I highly
recommend it not too many though because
then your tongue will do the bleeding
okay but def
let me try it so good I'm not head on
over to Facebook I'm refreshing the page
in ten seconds so if you haven't shared
it yet right and do it now and I'm gonna
put one person to give the first shot
too
let's do it all right we're fetching in
five four three two one and refresh
refresh refresh all right here we go
it's loading
the Wi-Fi he didn't London little bit
little bit slow about over here little
bit sometimes sometimes still loading
yeah Stan loading still stand noting
we're gonna let that load for a few
seconds because right now it's clearly
going to extreme difficulties in the
meantime I'm gonna keep reading your
comments below when I come into Texas in
the first or second week of March I
believe we have a secret talent I've so
many secret talents one of them includes
if you're queasy I suggest looking away
right now but I can make my thumb touch
my wrist and I don't mean like this I
mean I can bend it all the way back and
make it touch my wrist I'm
double-jointed I'm gonna do it right now
so if you don't want to see it look away
right now okay I'm doing it are you
ready do you new new new new new new new
new mean yeah slam
there you go secret tell him um who is
my favorite youtuber some of my favorite
youtubers are grace I love grace um I'm
mamrie Hannah Kingsley
where's my other favorites I'm going
blank right now I'm going blank right
now who I really like um Davey wavey
Latoya although all those peoples are
great I love them I think they're
fan-freakin'-tastic um bum bum let's
check a Facebook has loaded yet still
loading I'm gonna refresh it again cuz I
think you guys are attacking it and now
it is passed out Facebook is dead you
killed it
all right click on the shares load them
come on load them it's not even loading
the people who share this cuz I'm
assuming that all of you are just
working the F out of it right now and
not letting it load huh I know how to
put this if you shared it I just spit
chat Saturday mouth if you shared it
I can't load the shares but I can see
all the comments so comment below the
video saying I shared it and I'll pick
someone who commented so I'll give you
two minutes to do that so I put the
inconvenience it's not my fault
and cram ok good let's continue playing
some holes and mmm what should I play
let's play let's play some our June as I
said I would still remember tonight
which is one of my favorite Arjun tracks
yeah yeah it's almost out of a million
as well so if you want to listen along
Arjun remember tonight it's a song with
jamming too and it's almost out a
million so maybe we can get there hahaha
alright is this plane alright we're done
everything is breaking
hello slam okay I'm gonna do it a minute
more on Facebook because I have two
other shout outs to give away in
addition to this one okay we go jump on
Twitter real quick red or blue I like
both I don't like to pick colors I don't
like to hurt the other colors feelings
what was my last dream about ooh great
question my last dream was about what
was it again I hate when you gotta
remember dreams cause it usually really
good I don't know I can't I know I
remembered it yesterday I feel like no
something to do it a very stressful
shopping experience I shamed well like
my mom kept leaving me or did I don't
know something like that someone saying
I'm blurry I'm so sorry if I'm blurry
try up in the quality 720p I mean my
face would be less blurry for you when
is my next travel video coming out great
question close you that don't know I did
start a new series on my second channel
which is youtube.com slash asks I mean
sorry youtube.com slash Superboy in
vlogs I started a series called super
stamped and is a travel blog series so I
will be posting my travels from New
Zealand and Australia on that channel
probably within the next week or so so
if you haven't subscribe to that make
sure you do it is my second channel wait
I'm gonna go to Facebook now I'm
clicking refresh and I'm gonna pick
someone I have a pen just so you know
I'm serious
got it I got the person I got the person
I'm writing their name right now I hope
you can see it with this pen though I'm
gonna try my best to make it bold I
spell your name
yeah such a pretty name keep patient I'm
writing the person's name and trying not
to spell it wrong yeah yeah yeah you I
could be writing your name right now I
could be writing your name right now
whoa the names not even that long I'm
just trying to make it hold all right
so if your name starts with a vowel
which is a TI ru or sometimes why you
did not win the shadows but if your name
started with or starts with an L you
could have possibly won this shout out
are you ready because the first
shout-out goes to Lilliana Marvin or
Marvin I hope I said that right thank
you so much for your love and support
grab a picture screenshot it do what you
need to do okay hopefully you can see
that and will pose with you I know in
London this is a swear word and I don't
mean to swear at you
i'ma tell you story about this after but
for where I'm from this is peace and
love okay so this means peace and love
not a swear word
then I get so much really I appreciate
if you don't win that shower don't worry
have two more to give to you very very
very very soon so stay tuned okay
because there's over 2000 of you and I
want to love all of you okay quick story
so where I'm from in the world this and
this mean the same thing okay
this means peace and love world peace I
dig it I come to London I'm in pictures
posing like this I come up onstage I'm
like what's up everyone and then I find
out like a week later let it's a swear
word what I was just involuntarily an
awful person my whole trip basically it
small of a story nutty Catalan naughty
catalyst let me go back to your comments
right now play another song at the party
go in yeah place of origin artist run
away which is blue dude why remix
alright let's do it alright
actually more questions my chips are
cold now when you change is all cool
okay favorite movies I loved the movie
white chicks
and I'm also upset but I'm obsessed with
the Hunger Games Movies Jennifer
Lawrence is my girl crush after Selena
Gomez my ultimate girl crush and I want
to be heard The Hunger Games Movies I'm
obsessed I would be one of those people
waiting in line at 12 a.m. when the
third part comes out that would be me I
will be that person Beyonce or Rihanna
oh I love both but I'm gonna go Beyonce
because Beyonce is just straight-up a
queen she's just a queen and that's all
there is to it
are you watching the Olympics I
legitimately haven't even watched one
thing related to the Olympics yet not
the opening ceremony not any of the
games have no idea but I do know that
Canada is doing well yes
Canada I know you're doing well and I
know you've been a sweethearts and
you've been kind and I'm so so so proud
of you so the doctor hmm okay questions
what did I do for Valentine's Day I took
a shower I ate nachos I went to the
London Eye that was cool I went to
London I I pretended I liked champagne
even though I hate champagne what else
did I do I mean I mention the shower
right I did the shower has cereal I went
to the mall I went to Westfield Shopping
Mall and I ate a cupcake
amen
all right questions questions questions
pet peeves what are some my pet peeves
I cannot stand ignorant people at all
like I cannot stand it when people I
can't stand
hair on a wet floor I know it's odd but
you know like when or even on a carp you
don't even to like a swimming pool
change my the floor is all wet you see
here feel like I can that perks me so
much like water on counters and things
like I don't like messes related to
water I don't know I just I don't like
it other pet peeves I feel like nothing
that might be him I thought that might
be you I'm kidding there's like 50
things I don't like but I'm trying to be
like come across wicked and stuff
no no no all right if you could change
something in your life what would it be
if I could change something in my life
it would be that I never have to pay for
parking because I hate paying for
parking I don't think anyone's ever paid
for parking and I think the biggest scam
ever and on unicorn island there is
always free parking what a sweater
reference that's right
we still got over 2000 you if you're
just joining us click that thumbs up
button
I want you click thumbs up button click
the subscribe button let me check out
how many likes we got we still don't
have 2,000 likes y'all and that's this
thing's just not updating I don't know
that could be the situation also numbers
yelling at you for no reason
my bad but like the like like it click
thumbs up comment follow me on Twitter
Facebook I'm gonna be doing my next
contest class shout out on Twitter so
jump onto Twitter right now link is
right there and is also at
iisuperwomanii I'm gonna be giving away
their next shoutout
head on over right now alright let's
play some more songs let's do it we're
gonna play origins China Chanyeol remix
because I'm not I love it I bloody I
want me to feed you a chip hold on let
me see your chip alright I'm going on to
Twitter and doing your questions
do I still like to bake cakes okay those
do that don't know I bake cakes like
those fancy cakes you spawned on where
it's all like making stuff on the kids
it is the most stressful thing you can
do baking cakes is the most stressful
thing you can do so I'll do it from time
to time but I can't bake that often
those type of cases I was going to the
insane trying to make those cakes I
literally will stay up all night baking
a cake in the morning off flour and
icing sugar all over me like a crazy
lady okay it'll look like you took choc
dusters like chalk
we're almost like chalk that stores that
anonymous and stuff which is my like
that's all of them that's what I look
like I look crazy so I can't do it too
often questions oh hey if you could meet
your subbies or Selena Gomez which would
you choose that is a very difficult
question I don't want to lie I really
want to meet Selena Gomez goals I can't
I can't choose I can't choose I can't
choose on any other day I would say I
want to meet you but I really really
like see the commas what if we all went
together to meet Selena Gomez what about
that huh what about that I think that's
very great idea bloody day in 30 seconds
I will tell you how you can win the next
shout-out stay tuned because I could be
telling you or asking you sorry - be my
Valentine and your name could be on that
piece of paper and 30 seconds hop on
over to Twitter so I can tell you how to
win that shout out huh runnin away okay
questions questions question what's my
favorite place besides unicorn Island I
really like LA I like the beach and we
like going to the movies the theatre
went to theatre is probably my favorite
places to be I love watching movies I
dig it I want to know if you're ready to
know well how to win the shot are you
ready to know cuz I'm gonna tell you
right now what you need to do same type
of deal I want to spread that
Valentine's Day love okay
I'm gonna tweet my new video the one
that I just post on Facebook I want
y'all to tweet it but use the hashtag
ask Superman life okay so what I can
filter through all the other people that
are just tweeting it I want to make sure
I give attention to you okay
that video will only be relevant
today on Valentine's Day I don't want as
many people to see it as possible so I'm
a tweet that tweet right now don't
retweet it but an original tweet is what
I'm looking for
that's what I'm looking for here you go
tweet my new video to win a shout out
using the hashtag ask Superman live and
there it's out into the universe I
tweeted it I'm gonna give that a couple
minutes head on over to Twitter you
might give me an original tweet and they
get native you know I like creativity
make it creative creative yeah yeah I'm
gonna be answering questions in the
comments below very soon I'm gonna do a
few tutor questions so if you have a
question for me comment below let me
know your question and I will answer it
okay Twitter questions have you noticed
I'm saying okay and between everything
it's like my filler
it's my filler in between switching
screens okay okay you scream okay I do
my gosh do it again I never noticed that
I would just want to do it again Wow
stop it someone said pick me pick me I
volunteer as tribute I love it I love it
Winchester I love it okay how was it
like to record was Yusef it was great
recording with Yusef he's very he's a
hard worker he's a great great actor I
felt like our on-screen chemistry was so
great because he's such a good actor and
he's just easy to by book so I had a
great time with Yusef and with Timothy
DeLaGhetto as well same thing great
after so easy to vibe with people who
are just easy to work with when you tell
them an idea sometimes when people
collab let me break it down for you
people collab it's hella awkward okay
it's so so awkward sometimes you're
making a complete stranger you're like
hi come over to my house do stranger and
the first time you meet them you'll go
on camera and start shooting things with
them and it's a lot of forced energy
because awkward and weird sometimes but
there's some people that I've just
invited over start to record with them
and it's been absolutely awesome like
grace is a great example of how Timothy
Yusef all these people just meet all of
a sudden you click your on-screen
chemistry so great and the best part is
when you're telling them the idea you
kind of a little bit nervous and awkward
because like okay this is my idea I
thought we could I thought we could wear
um way to sit and draw beards are no
face and it's great when the person
responds with yeah let's friggin do it
it's the best feeling ever so that's one
of the greatest parts about being
youtubers collaborating with people who
freaking just want to break and make
creative stuff and make people laugh I
love it so much
all right what is one of your favorite
awkward moments you have experience okay
actually this is a great question
because yesterday so they were really
really funny happened out of my friend's
house and his baby niece comes up to me
and she I had an interview on BBC World
News and they showed clips of my videos
so they showed a clip of how girls get
ready which is you know I'm getting
ready I'm taking a shower daughter stuff
she comes up to me she's like I saw you
on the TV taking a shower and I was like
yes you saw what it was so precious and
so drawable I loved it so much
minor detail I don't know if I mentioned
this that I assumed you would have done
this people who are trying to win the
shout out
use the hashtag and also tagged me in
the tweet so I can see it just just put
that out there in case in case you
weren't doing that so share the video
use the hashtag tag me in it and I'm
gonna give that two more minutes before
I give the next shoutout
in the meantime I'm gonna be answering
your questions down below in the comment
section uh
can you pronounce my name I know you're
just saying that so I give you a shot oh
but I'm gonna give it and do it anyways
romana shake I know how to pronounce
your name I believe that was correct can
I do my mom's don't ready tell me boo my
mom's was too gay but you think you the
boss of me do my mom's voice like I'm
some sort of comedian there you go um we
love you in Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia I
love you I've never been there but I
hope to come one day because I've heard
it's absolutely beautiful
oh wow what is your favorite frog
hopefully the one that I don't have to
kiss to turn into a prince and that is
just already a prince that would be my
favorite frog and I'm done what's my
favorite chip oh I like all dressed
chips I also like ketchup chips and a
lot of chips I love nachos in general I
love not those commas chips yeah I love
nachos
what's my feet what's my favorite season
summer 100% summer I am that type of
person that rather be so hot then be
cold at all because freaking I dislike
being cold like I would rather be in a
sauna for the rest of my life don't even
be a little bit cold and one of my
thoughts aren't at the gross and I think
he's awesome
I think his extra thumb is amazing but
it's also pretty distracting because any
time he does everything or anything I'm
always looking at his thumb he's a great
actor and a great dancer and I have a
crush no no no no no no no no all we
need more music when you are music let's
play what should I play I'm gonna play
um oh I know what I'm gonna play I know
what I'm gonna play I'm gonna play some
Backstreet Boys cuz I go Valentines they
come complete with all some Backstreet
Boys yeah give it a second give it
second give it a second here we go
slam hey ready for this you ready for
this I'm Sara nature again my fire the
one desire believe when I see that I
want their battery battery boys for life
life Backstreet Boys we keep reading
your comments here we go if you go make
it one more minute on Twitter before I
go check that out so if you haven't
tweeted that tweet to me yet
get on it son okay Drake or Nicki Minaj
I can't pick I can't pick they're two
different they're tuna I feel like I'm
obligated to say drink cuz I'm from
Toronto but I love Nikki is why I can't
pick I guard would who is my favorite
Canadian youtuber who Epic Meal Time
probably Epic Meal Time it's well I make
a collab with Ryan Higa
I would have loved to unfortunate when I
went to LA he's not actually from LA
he's from Las Vegas but I hope one day
to make collaboration with him because
one of the most down-to-earth sweetest
guys I've ever met and I enjoyed hanging
out with him in Australia so much he's
so cool um favorite book I loved the
shopaholic series you haven't heard of
it it's an amazing comedic series is a
movie based on the first one the movie
doesn't even touch the book because the
books are so so so good so if you can
sell it is the offer author who I check
that off I'm jumping on Twitter right
now pressing with fresh in five four
three two one and refresh alright who's
gonna
the shoutout here we go the person who's
winning this shoutout is I've got it I
got the person there with me as I make
this ball more than beautiful how do I
spell your name I could be writing your
name I could be writing your name
it could be writing your name alright if
your name starts with an A you did not
win the shoutout
but if your name started with a deed
you also did not win the shoutout
but alright light actually does start
with D food starts with a that you
possibly won this shirt out wow that was
stupid of you you possibly won this
shadow because the person I want this
shadow is not honor then the wonderful
fantastic sex delicious Diana K take
your picture girlfriend this job moment
right here here we go
thank you so much for your love and
support I appreciate it so so so much
then thank you for being here thank you
for joining us if you didn't win don't
fret because I have one more shout out
to give away don't you worry
and if you're wondering how I'm gonna
give it away I don't let you know right
now all I got to do is hop onto
Instagram alright and just stay tuned
because I'm gonna let you know I'm gonna
let you know but in the meantime right
now I'm gonna keep checking your
comments I'm gonna play another song
right now I'm gonna play oh man I'm
gonna play a classic right here a
classic that you cannot even test you
cannot there's a 13-second ad just bear
with me right now
ads I tell you ads I tell you it's
nothing no better time than now for chip
breaker suppose but those Natonal
Backstreet Boys look who's too young
you're very missing out okay Backstreet
Boys is like my day and age is one
direction yeah and in this video in the
beginning there's so lame and corny and
I love this exactly what they're doing
in the beginning of the video I kid you
not each of us you're doing this
that is literally what they're doing for
the entire video and it's great and you
might think it's lame but when I was
younger my ovaries be exploding over
this intricate just like oh you're like
that was me over the Backstreet Boys
straight top or right top red gun all
right let's go back to the comments the
hell you better quit playing games this
is this is my anthem after the second
Hunger Games movie ended that's what I
said no from the star when that movie
ended I was too sad I was too sad when
that movie okay here we go reading your
comments what's my favorite Disney movie
oh I have a lot I really like Aladdin
I can't watch Beauty and the Beast is
too emotional can watch Lion King too
emotional makes me cry Snow White I dig
Snow White
oh and I love any of the Pixar movies
like Monsters Inc and stuff like that
love that love that if I couldn't meet
any person dead or alive who would it be
I would love to meet Bob Marley as
someone who is no longer with us Illya
I would love people who are alive I
would love to meet Selena Peter goes and
the person I there's only one person in
this world I want to meet more than
sweeter gomez one person and that would
be the rock the wrestler Dwayne the rock
Johnson my life will not be complete and
telling me the wrong I will not die and
telling me the wrong I
literally we shot seven times and I will
refuse to die unless the rock comes the
tells me I'm dying I strip I have to me
it has to happen it has to happen let's
stop all right if you want to win the
last shot I want you to do is hop on the
Instagram right now because I'm gonna
tell you exactly how you can win it in
30 seconds yeah okay there we go
have I seen frozen I haven't I didn't
remember the last time I saw a movie in
theatres which is like blast the mick
because they used to go every week
because all my traveling and stuff I
haven't see when I haven't even seen
frozen yet where am i I heard it's
amazing I heard it's so amazing
hardly said I haven't even seen
Despicable Me yet one or two what am i
doing in life y'all making jokes about
minions I have no idea what that's about
because me my friend promised each other
we'd watch it together and meet her can
never find time to watch it so I can't
watch it mess with her and we're both so
busy and I'm never in the country I'm
just never gonna see this movie it's a
dilemma it's a huge dilemma I didn't
want to talk about it so upsetting to me
oh there's something in my eye
oh no no thank you
alright I saw you at the bank
please acknowledge me thank you I
appreciate you seeing me at the bank
that's awesome you should've came up to
me and say what up on that know a lot of
you always scared to talk to me
if you see me in person forget come up
to me because I'd love to hug you I'm
very approachable I promise I won't bite
you yes kidding I might
by Pew but it'll be fun all right I'm a
tiger you can win this last shout out
what you need to do is hop onto
Instagram and you're actually gonna take
a picture with me right now you're gonna
take a picture I want to take a selfie
with yourself and the screen so we can
both be in the picture okay use the
hashtag ask superwoman live and I'm
gonna pick out one person and give a
shout out to their Instagram username
okay so hopefully your username is in
like big boobs
dirty won't work Queen but if it is all
still new you're shut up so I'm gonna
pose and we're gonna take a selfie are
you ready here we go
I'm gonna do this for 10 seconds I will
you got all those pictures you got all
those pictures wicked post that throw
some filters on that inch early bird
that is Valencia that is do what you
need to do Walden that is okay
hashtag ask Superman life i'ma check in
about five minutes because to be honest
we only have 15 minutes left
I know I know time flies man time but
lies I want to know which part of the
world are you from comment below let me
know where you live where you're staying
where you're watching from because I
would love to know and give you some
shoutouts up in this joint comment below
let me know meantime let me find some
Muzak up in her that's dad that's dad
okay I'm gonna play you know what I'm
gonna make it modern and I'm actually in
a place in one direction since I played
Backstreet Boys why the hell not I'm
gonna play one of my favorite one
Direction's arms all right hold up wait
a minute wait a minute wait a minute
here we go all right let's see where all
y'all are from Michigan Australia shout
outs Minnesota New Jersey America
Wisconsin Tennessee Ecuador y'all
awesome shoutouts United States Canada
Oh Canada you live in Toronto Corey I
see you Brazil Vancouver Toronto
Tennessee Quebec New York Sydney
Australia the Netherlands South Wales
West Midlands Pennsylvania's California
Barcelona Trinidad North Carolina Long
Island cotton Israel Sweden USDA Dubai
Cheney Portugal New York City open is
mocha India Portugal
Rockland Pennsylvania Edmonton Kansas
Philly Minnesota run Oh Australia
Switzerland California Texas oh man
England UK massive war talk you can't
West Midlands
oh is it Florida USA for dr. Detroit
yeah Japan Poland music y'all from
everybody from all over Trinidad Denmark
Maryland you guys are just you guys are
just from everywhere you're literally
from everywhere I kind of pronounced
some of these places Illinois yeah
yeah I'm trying to read ones I mean red
one yeah
black for Vegas Holland Calgary yeah
Connecticut is the last one I read thank
you so much I'm a hop onto Instagram
right now and check what's wanting with
the situation typing it asks to Pullman
here we go ask superwoman life look 262
posts right now of people who've taken
selfies with me I dig it so much I'm
gonna let that simmer for about three
four more minutes and then I'm gonna
give someone a shout-out thank you so
much for spending Valentine's Day with
me
we're almost done I'm only for ten more
minutes I hope it's the most magical ten
minutes amber amber and for those of you
who are celebrating Valentine's in for
special someone I hope both of you are
happy then a great day I hope that you
got lots of nights gifts and your
cuddles and your hug for all of those
who aren't celebrating Valentine's Day
with someone but you're celebrating with
the box of chocolates hey they no shame
in that
okay there ain't no shame in that and
don't watch because you shouldn't have a
Valentine unless that person is the
right person so don't worry whether
you're in a relationship or you're
single it don't matter
okay just be happy and either way eat
some dang chocolate you know I'm saying
here we go let's do a toast to that
happy Valentine's Day team super unicorn
island we just toasted I love how I can
narrate everything just toasting eating
a chip put up a glass down what is wrong
with me I don't know okay
I'm going to check on its grand check on
Instagram got 365 posts of people who
have taken selfies with me I'm gonna let
that go for two more minutes so if you
haven't posted that picture yeah
post it hashtag ask superwoman live and
you could win this last shoutout if you
haven't already done so make sure you
click like right there that thumbs up
click it the thumbs up click it okay
comment below subscribe to my channel I
do make new videos every Monday and
Thursday I hope they make you laugh have
lots more awesome collaborations coming
up I believe I have about 5 more and I'm
very excited for you to see them or it's
very hard on them and they feature some
awesomesauce people and if you were the
people that contributed to us trending
worldwide thank you so much you've made
my Valentine's Day
you've made my day in fact okay I'll
hear on unicorn Island thank you very
much and we're still trending worldwide
so you know for yourself take a picture
of that pat yourself on the back because
that is a you that's all you all you
dammit I'm gonna play another song and
it is going to be a hindi song yeah yeah
and there's a specific reason I'm
playing this song but I'm not gonna tell
you that reason cuz you'll find out soon
enough why I'm playing this song already
this is one of my favorite Bollywood
songs ever
Akshay John Abraham the video because
they'd be damn fine up in the joint okay
and I think is such a fun song and
absolute love it love it
I'm gonna give an Instagram shoutout 30
more seconds so you have 30 seconds to
throw filter on that issue hashtag that
ish and post that issue all right kid
let's go on Twitter real quick I love I
love
it's so weird on the inch networks that
you guys are instantaneously tweeting me
things that I'm doing it just makes no
sense to me how the internet machine
works
I don't get it I don't get her at all I
don't get it
all right I get ready I'm gonna hop on
Instagram I'm refreshing the page in 5 4
3 2 1
BAM floating 602 a post take this thing
we just took 602 South you take that in
cuz we're freaking that's a tweet right
there good
that's a tweet team super just to 600 to
Southeast on unicorn Island freakin
amazing amazing team super just take 602
selfies on unicorn Island
I'll pick one of these people right now
oh you guys are giving me kisses and
stuff I love it so much you love it
y'all are so cute I can't wait to go
through all of these oh my god you're
also to another pic is also cute okay I
got the person the usernames a little
bit long so bear with bear with me I'm
trying to make it bold there is no word
dude all right
if your username has an underscore in it
you possibly want this shadow so if
you're using a massive ship is that
underscore comment below saying because
it could be you it could be you the
first time go on the last shadow for the
three-year anniversary asks on
Valentine's Day is none other than the
handsome
Shabba love our ding dong is the
username and I love it it's this cutie
right here and you get this shut up
thank you so much
thank you so much funny luck at the
first shovel of a ding dong I love your
username and you might eat you can find
my friend you saw blood etude thank you
so much to everyone who did all that
jazz I'm a refreshed real quick to stir
just to see what's popping here 789
selfies were taken by us I just want to
put that out there that is the power of
team super I'm only here for five more
minutes and I'm so sad so maybe I'll
spend this time to update you a little
bit on what you can expect from me and
as the last song I will play another
hindi song this is a hindi song and I
like it it was kind of lame I liked it I
liked it
people maintained
love it so you can expect five more
collaborations from me leading up to one
ultimate big collaboration I can't tell
you about cuz it's a surprise
it's surprising I want to surprise you
but just know that these collaborations
I enjoy doing so much they're with
awesome people to make sure you're not
only support the collaborations and
support the people who did the
collaborations with me cuz they also
worked very very hard don't forget to go
download and perf just camp Takota which
is Grace Mary in Hanna's movie came out
today make sure you support them make
sure you subscribe to all people and
cloud with Tim and Yusef specifically
what Club is recently in terms of me I'm
going along tomorrow morning I'm leaving
London London has been absolute
phenomenal even though your weather has
hated me you've been phenomenal as per
usual and I love you
I've warned the London Eye in my bloody
eye because I love you so much okay I'm
going back to Toronto going on my 3 p.m.
flight going home for two days and now I
will be heading to Mumbai don't forget
that you can win tickets to that YouTube
FanFest
through me you can't get tickets
anywhere else because they're sold out
I'll be giving away 15 pairs of tickets
so I gotta do is follow me on Twitter
like me on Facebook subscribe to this
channel because through one of those
means I'm gonna be giving away tickets
thank you so much for joining me and
don't forget that whether you're single
whether they were in a relationship
Valentine's Day is the day of a love a
little um and no one says that you have
to be in a relationship to love if you
are great but if you aren't I friggin
love you forget lovely so don't be
depressed freak and feel amazing because
you're amazing you're damn fine and
tomorrow chocolates to be discounted so
they really they know yeah nothing to be
upset about right now up in this joint
yeah I got two minutes left
oh my god there's so much pressure this
there's so much pressure you know what I
mean imma shut up um what else can I
tell y'all
I don't know if there's any other
updates I can tell all of you I can say
is that for the remainder of the year
expect some big things cuz I'm working
on some big damn things okay things I
can't wait to share with you
um I'm gonna get it going now cuz I have
a couple seconds left I want to say
thank you so much three years we've been
doing this three years asks for my life
what what happy through your anniversary
I love you kisses hugs you're amazing
you're beautiful I hope you're happy and
I hope you enjoyed this and if you
enjoyed it click that thumbs up and
thank you so much for your love and
support I am forever grateful to you I
love you and hey just because I'm
leaving now doesn't mean I'm gone
forever me on Twitter and also 14th of
next month is gonna be another ask
Superman life so hey three years and
counting yeah are you ready three years
and taunting let's do it BAM slam I will
see you on the 14th of next month love
you all so much
hope you go to sleep or whatever time it
is wherever you are I hope you are
smiling and be wonderful and happy yeah
good boy
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
