oh come on man block block bro what do
you bind oh come on Tim what are you
watching
spongebob did you like her profile
picture yeah what's the problem the
problem is that I'm your girlfriend and
you like other girls pictures like a
little ho but it was it was a cute
picture
oh it was a cute picture wasn't yeah
this is just a picture of her poodle oh
it's a picture of her poodle yes not
like it's a picture of her pussycat
it isn't typical typical of course you
like your pictures about the girls dogs
because use just another dog babe you're
not really mad are you
oh no I'm gonna hey you mad look I'm
sorry I upset you okay hey hey
Hey come on these lips can't wait to
taste your skin let my love darn you
come on babe I'm in the mold you know
I'm in the mood to cut you stup oh my
lip oh yeah I can you baby how was your
day I'll call you back
got a little something something for you
okay let me get this straight you have
the nerve to cheat on me okay and then
try to buy my forgiveness with some dad
wheeze wheeze girl is $4.99 a stem a
stem you see how many stanzas in here
this leaves petals stems on stems okay
so you want to argue about me calling
these weeds but y'all kill me second
cheat on me
I did not cheat on you then why I'm
sitting you're counting stems Tim look
baby I bought these because I love you
oh oh oh
Shh let me get this straight you want me
some flowers that are gonna die in a
week to show me how much you love me
okay
way to commit Tim
ah
a night better good you trying to kill
me
what hello
I'm busy finally I'm busy I'm busy
please I'm busy nothing babe please baby
please baby
okay scared Oh Oh what now you love me
wait what are you okay what's up oh oh
but now you care about me they don't
want your shirt all week let's take a
selfie
oh are you sure your other girlfriend
won't get mad what
babe look I can't take this okay can we
talk now I love you no I'm sorry no like
I'm an idiot
keep quiet okay look I'm so sorry I
liked that girl's picture I can't
believe I was so stupid to even do that
I'll never act that way again
plus she's not even cute you're way
cuter than her you way cuter than her
little poodle you I've been in a gym you
doing squats you bootlegging right
everything is you you're beautiful you
are my brown Indian goddess I love you
okay so you know you are wrong and
you're an idiot
yeah oh babe yeah did you go with your
ex-boyfriend last night have to be made
up what there is a picture of you and
your ex-boyfriend on Instagram caption
says swerving on that boy hashtag drunk
in love
hashtag surfboard stop making a big deal
out of the little things cuz I got thick
deers and I got little things - Wow do
not sing Drake at me I cannot believe
you do not trust me what you both the
picture it is not your accountant after
everything you did last week okay now
you're stalking me now you're invading
my privacy oh my god oh my god you're
sick you're sick what I see I think I'm
gonna cry this is my crime I don't know
what I don't cry Peter I'm sorry for
posting the picture kit I'm just the
worst girlfriend in the world okay
nobody's little harlot I'm sorry I'm
still me I forgive you I forgive you
okay
really yeah thanks um thanks babe
whatever I hope you enjoyed that video
if you don't know who this is smack
yourself this is Timothy DeLaGhetto two
people from the game which you click his
face right now to subscribe to his
channel because he makes awesome sauce
stuff as for now make sure you read
comment and click Subscribe because I do
make new videos every Monday and every
Thursday one love superwoman
is a wrap egg oh oh oh oh oh okay okay
bye what is going on
tap oh my god
I feel like this can't be this hard
because like hey what wha
