oh my god you have a cellphone
that's so weird so do I I'm scared to go
alone can you come with me do you have
um what's it called ah
whatsapp oh my god me too oh sorry can I
just grab your hand yeah heels okay
thanks
don't tell me you have facebook too you
should totally out what's your name
what's your name I'm so tired of being
single tweet I just sent you a friend
request thinking of you tweet shut up
you have twitter too oh my god
followed hey let's play truth or dare
oh my god you're so cute stall okay
truth okay do you like anyone right now
oh my god you're so funny hahaha okay
listen I know you're his best friend
okay please don't tell him but I think
he's really cute can you help me which I
do hey how's it going but you're not
gonna tell him right okay thank god you
think I like you okay I do not like you
gross hey hon hey handsome hey stranger
hey love No okay you don't find we
should totally go out sometime and I'll
show you hey you know what you should
download this app yeah it's really cool
it's called hot or not hot or not and
basically it's like you write people and
tell them if you think they're hot or
not but if two people like any two
people could be any anyone um
matches and they think each other is hot
and then basically lets them know and
and they can start talking and stuff
it's like what it's just nothing I do in
my spare times is whatever it's not a
big deal but you give me a phone let me
show you
oh why hasn't he rated me yet I've been
waiting for you young man
come have your fortune read no no no no
no you should be dating somebody from
your school maybe some girl from your
math class no no no maybe tomorrow she
will be wearing
red does he not think on hot am I not
hot go to the red the red is for you my
friend
am i hot or am I not rape me rape me
judge me validate me hey oh my God he's
so hot I love him oh my god I'm freaking
wanted to do him so badly you know oh my
god the things I would do it to you know
honestly he's so complicated okay so I
have this friend who thinks you're
really cute but she's like too shy to
say anything so like are you single or
what should I tell my friend this is
really awkward but my friend over there
wants to know if you're seeing anyone so
okay but like how should I tell my
friend to contact you I do you want to
give me your number I could pass it on
to her or can you believe some asking
him which just don't and then what did
he say okay ask him who he likes okay
and then what did he say ask him if he
has a girlfriend and then What did he
say
ask him if he knows me okay well how did
he say it okay does he think I'm cute
uh-huh uh-huh okay change your profile
picture to a picture with me
uh-huh uh-huh no not that one no no
which one what am I wearing which dress
is it short okay do it do it hello hi hi
I heard you were sick I just want to let
you know that if you need someone to
make you soup like don't hesitate to
call me okay okay
yeah yeah I know I hope you feel better
okay okay girl go he's right there right
yeah tell me when he's looking okay make
sure you tell me what he's looking okay
put him on three-way and I won't say
anything is he looking for her now
okay look
hey I saw you tweet a sad emoticon I
just want to call and check up on you do
you need a hug do you see do you see is
he looking is he coming over to me he's
coming over I am so sorry to hear about
your breakup honestly and if you need
anything at all
do not hesitate to call me okay I'm here
for you oh my God look at him he's so
cute he's so cute he's so cute he's so
cute just talk to him don't be crazy hey
you want to go out sometime
I like you so you want a bang whatever
going it's a girl superwoman I hope you
enjoyed that video look where I am I'm
back home and I'm sorry for calling you
on this video girls but I feel like
sometimes we need to be more direct okay
because if you like the one you should
bloody tell them how you feel um other
than that if you want to check out the
app hot or not click the link in the
description to download that and when
you have some hot sexy babies whatever
it's all good you can send me a check in
the mail because I'm very matchmaker
okay and yeah I'm back home and um I
have some exciting stuff to release this
month so if you haven't already done so
click that subscribe button cuz I make
new videos every Monday and every
Thursday one love superwoman that is a
wrap
