whoa what reported to girls so Pony
brother where are you what are you doing
really what what is your bloody life
I don't know so clearly I'm not any type
of standing position in front of
anything cool I'm straight-up chilling
on this chair talking to you like what
the sperm so that's the situation okay
it's Thursday night today's video day
hello we know this Monday and Thursday
video day and I'm a viewer with you I am
so exhausted
I'm so tired I'm delirious but I made a
new year's resolution that says I'm
going to release a video every Monday
and Thursday without fail and it's gonna
happen on time and right now in LA
it's 9:33 p.m. and I was just about to
type of status I was all I can I'm too
exhausted like don't I can do a video
that I make no no I'm gonna sit right
here you're gonna sit right there and we
gonna talk because I figure if I'm super
super tired I'm just gonna live with you
I don't always have to stand there with
a whole bunch of jokes because my face
is funny enough so guys trade off I
don't have a video today I don't have
the funny joke
I have nothing I'm not even a draw a
beard on my face and you know how much I
like beards I love them we live in
ever see on screen uh yesterday had a 12
hour video shoot today also from the
majority of the day had a video shoot
absolutely exhausting standing changing
clothes doing makeup fun fast I got my
makeup done yesterday and it's still on
today that same makeup so that's why I
was so tired I don't wash my face I
don't want to redo my makeup so I
literally just cleaned it up went over
and this makeups been on my face is
desperate makeup gurus yell at me now oh
man
but as you know I'm in LA and I've been
working on so many huge projects with so
many wicked people and maybe next month
you'll get to see them let's see what
did i do today so my place in LA is on
top of a huge Hill and I have a park at
the bottom of the hill enough to walk up
this huge hill so today for the first
time I ate fast food and I brought my
burger king upstairs to eat and I got to
the front door and I was like where is
my coca-cola and realized that it's
sitting in my car and I look back and I
was like and then I'm like f it I'll
just drink the stupid crappy Diet Coke
in the fridge that happened today I
dressed a girl's Masari in the dark in a
playground that happened today I'm
pretty sure when I was leaving the
Burger King parking lot I scratched my
car that happened today and it's rented
so like if you use a lawyer and you're
watching this that did not happen today
and I'm so sad because on Saturday I'm
going back to Toronto it's bittersweet
because I really really have fallen in
love with LA I'm excited to see my
family back in Toronto but the thing is
as soon as I land in Toronto we're
straight from the airport to an award
ceremony to accept an award and I'm
going straight from the airport to a red
carpet like what do I look like some
sort of fabulous person that can do that
i'ma show up at the red carpet just
looking like thanks for the award and
then after all that jazz I finally get
to sleep in on Sunday I'm so excited to
sleep in but then the next day I'm going
to London England for ten days so I'm
leaving again and then I'm coming home
for one day and then I'm going to India
so my good question is what am I gonna
sleep I don't know what's sleep I do
this
does that make the lens cashie
I don't think so oh I just realized I've
been walking around this whole house and
there's mud on my shoe look oh my god
it's not dog poop before you say that I
walked through a muddy field okay that
happened today and yeah how was your day
didn't you ask you how your day was
today I am asking you I hope you had a
great day what did you eat I hope it was
yummy yeah yeah oh you don't know we're
gonna do let's hug we're gonna hot I had
such a long day and I just want a dog so
anyways I'm gonna go wrap up some work I
have to do and then I won't go to sleep
hopefully even have so much to do and I
hope you don't hate me and hope you're
not mad I know this is not a video this
is not a video although I'm recording a
video right now and this is video
ception
what am i doing I don't know I don't
know this is the video but yo make sure
you rate comment and click Subscribe for
more quality videos like this and this
is the first video of mine you've ever
watched such damn good first impression
yeah aye aye captain but I guess I lose
the video and I stuck to my resolution
I'm sorry it was crappy like poopy I
still love you and I'll be back on
Monday with a new video that I promise
will be better than this one I'm just
really sleepy and I needed a little
little break okay one love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop don't forget to
tell me about your day in the comments
below because I actually want to know
you cuz you're amazing just the way you
are
