okay do you even straighten her anymore
ever do you have standards nope
whatever boys a girl superwoman and uh
hi hello Grammys how you doing so if you
follow me on the correct our first and
foremost like I feel really bad for you
secondly you know I always do something
called the Grammys with super Owen
because I love to review that kind of
stuff mostly because it makes me feel
really important let me just start off
by saying okay that last night's Grammys
were way better than last year's okay so
Grammy just packed your stuff on the
back you can last year during the
Grammys I was so depressed I legit had
to call my therapist halfway and be like
dog I'm running away and like blame
Frank Ocean but this seals watch the
Grammys and I'll just end
oh that's why I did it
so Beyonce and jay-z opened the Grammys
which means that you know within the
first two seconds my self-esteem is out
the damn window
Beyonce is just perfection and I'm sure
the entire female population will agree
with me when I say I love her but like I
hate her because how is it that you had
a baby but I have all your pregnancy
wait no but like realtalk why is the
rest of Blue Ivy Carter right here on my
stomach why is she right here and
Beyonce just straddling this choke is
she just twirling on this chair giving a
whole new meaning to the term musical
chairs I can't work a chair like that B
this morning I tried to adjust my
computer chair and accidentally set the
house on fire
fiddling enamels these cameras on and
not only been approximately 60 seconds
into the ground ease but Tanner Swift is
already up Auditors see acting like this
her own damn solo party
I'm talking like Beyonce hasn't even
said surfboard yet but Taylor Swift was
just riding her own invisible wave she's
just like but it's okay because she's so
bright and shiny that now the audience
just has their own personal rotating
disco ball I love it and then pink
performs and Grammys were killed
rest in peace Grammys okay because pink
just slayed your bumper Cup
this girl is just singing amazingly
while hanging upside down from her neck
hitting all the notes and every singer
dancer
bodybuilder surface lame
just sitting at home much well that's
rude motha f'n pink and then death punk
was like Lord when song of the year at
the age of 17 um sir okay relax there
Lord okay with your outstanding
achievement because at the age of 17 I
had the best Pokemon cards in my school
so who's really winning she performs and
I can honestly say I love Lord I think
she's hella talented that I've never
felt more uncomfortable watching a
performance in my life and this includes
Taylor Swift's Paranormal Activity
performance that took place later on
that night something about my
ex-boyfriend he's a jerk
he's a German er Lord is like just
performing but at the same time clawing
away at an imaginary figure just like
then we'll never be Royals oh yeah
you're never gonna be a royal lord
because you do busy be Freddie Cooper
girl and then that Punk was like and
Taylor Swift was all like Katy Perry was
there looking fabulous that's always she
just so damn fine okay her performance
is very dark and eerie and interesting
it was like with moving trees and fire
it was like Blair Witch Project meats
Lord of the Rings and I'm sitting there
waiting for Smeagol to come Oh like all
like mine but then you did come out but
he kept calling himself Juicy J and I'm
like cool because even the fact of it
doesn't know who the fu is Kevin Hart
came oh and you know he's still short
and then that Punk was like and then
Jamie Foxx comes arms just teasing jay-z
and jay-z just sitting there like boy
luminaries gonna kill you before you
leave this building
okay so just calm your hilarious tits
huh and then Beyonce is just like I am
the mother effin Queen Kendrick Lamar
and imagine dragons performed and
honestly we might as well all been
vampires and they might as well been
Buffy because the Grammys got Slade
again I'm talking this performance was
amazing okay I felt like I just ate
Street food from India because I cracked
my pants
so much Gordon
having such a good time at the Oscars
rely on me and then macklemore ryan
lewis Queen Latifah and Madonna shhh
talk about their so second they bring
out 30 couples that get married right
there at the Grammys and I'm just like
hitting all my feels right now and then
I cry yes I cried for several reasons
okay number one I'm not Beyonce number
two I am NOT pink number three
I'm not Pharrell's hat number four I
will never know if that punk are just a
bunch of undies and number five uh I did
not just get married at the Grammys by
Queen Latifah and if you ask me all
those things are rude aka I thought
Pharrell I mean doc Punk I mean every
one of the Grammys were a great success
cuz I'm happy
Congrats to all the winners and nominees
and don't forget that if I made fun of
you in this video let's be real it's
because I'm jealous of you when you're
better than me okay no hard feelings
but what did you think about the Grammys
comment below and let me know do you
think Kendrick Lamar got robbed who you
think was the best dress most
importantly do you feel like LL Cool J
licked his lips enough rate comment and
click that subscribe button because I do
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday one love superwoman that is a
wrap and
