working with your girl superwoman and
since the beginning of time on my
facebook fan pic everyone's always been
like make up the own types of siblings
and I've always just been like no no no
no no I'm not going to do it but then
today I was all like okay I'll learn
so grab yourself some popcorn grab your
brother grab your sister so you can
point at each other this whole video and
just for good measure
grab your mom too so she can whoop you
both at the end of it are you ready
let's do it number one they're not
guilty now as per my experience the not
guilty is usually the older sibling who
is somehow born with a get out of jail
card embedded into their butthole
because no matter what they do they
ain't getting in trouble is this just a
round thing I don't know you tell me
because when I was younger my older
sister wouldn't get blamed for anything
solely because she was over being Mia
Lily listen dear sister okay she ordered
mom deeply won't give my laptop back
after my homework up listen to your
sister okay she know she'll order you
such an idiot
shut up I said shut up you shut up
Missy it mm nobody better yeah
hey but what kind of logic can you
imagine if our justice system was like
this aim so mr. shrew face it seems that
you're being charged for armed robbery
and there's several eyewitness accounts
and video evidence that you committed
the crime
therefore I have no choice but to
sentence you oh wait one second here it
seems you that you are older than the
person you robbed well then you know
what here's your new car ten thousand
dollars no take this McDonald's coupon
get out of here okay keep doing a great
job
number two the third parent now this
sibling is usually older than you by a
lot and I start acting like your homie
you know like your sister from the same
mister like your brother from the same
mother they act like a third parent just
always trying to convince your parents
to say no to you and when you expect
them to have your back the most they
throw you under the bus are you not
going okay oh my god love all my other
friends are going it's just for five
days come on I don't run again god
you're ruining my life
sis can you please tell her it'll be
fine
No well there any parents going oh no
but there's like a group of 20 people
going you'll be fine
sounds dangerous
she has a boyfriend Hey Lilly's
boyfriend's going on the trip that's why
she wants to go she snuck out two days
ago
oh yeah but Lilly failed Matt and she
hid her report card this - okay well
she's not even really a vegetarian she's
big macs all the time I really got a
speeding ticket and she never told you
her court date is in two weeks I found
birth control in her room she doesn't
even have a tutor that's your parole
officer oh yeah well I saw her smoking
yesterday I saw her yes in the mouth you
little brat I told you that was a
toothpick what shut up crackhead no
sorry I'm just waiting at this bus stop
that my sister brought me to just left
oh sorry I just got back over by that
bus look at me I'm under the bus now
ready don't get number three the example
now if you have a sibling chances are
your parents continuously tell you we
don't have favorites we love you both
the same and that could be true or not
depending on how naive you are but sure
enough there's always that one sibling
who got better grades who's a star child
never got in trouble and well you never
go to family parties because out with
your friends being a terrible child
they're with their aunt and uncle just
like one of t-shirt reference and
because of this you will constantly be
reminded of all your shortcomings then
your sister in school she got warm locks
you know hundred ten percent bun okay
that's not even possible you cannot get
110 percent no no party just say she's
so good never change the system ask them
they said like this I know granny 98%
God
look at this one you know when your
sister your HD at two job okay then your
sister your education at five minute
four limit okay you not on for 5 min no
picture to 5 min you are number 4 the
brat days as for my experience this is
usually the younger sibling who gets
everything they want because if they
don't get it they will whine and
complain and throw a tantrum because the
older sibling had a five-minute phone
limit when she was 18 and the younger
sibling had an iPhone 5 at the age of 14
the older sibling had to wear that ugly
sweater passed down from her uncle for
picture day while the younger sibling
walks into picture day when guru lemon
pants Chanel sweaters Michael Kors loss
just like take my photo major evolution
of one and I'm proud to say that I am
that branch out what's up sis
number six Simba / Nala now this is more
a stage let me break it down okay even
though you probably fight with your
siblings every single day this will
inevitably happen
did you take my surely I won't
I'm not touching you stop it I'm not
watching you stop and I don't you ah yo
what Willie don't do it Kakui don't do
it
you're getting married that's right Lily
from now on is just going to be you me
and daddy no because one day the circle
of life is gonna continue and your older
siblings gonna get married and you're
just gonna be like this is strange
because little skip our Nala rose up and
then has their own kids and their own
family and become some sort of adult and
you're just like you cannot be an adult
okay you are a child you want my sister
okay you killed Mufasa ish let's stop it
stop it don't try to be all grown okay I
want to don't be sad no like yeah with
your child okay and complete and echo
with me having said all that siblings
are great if you're lucky enough to have
a sibling you should definitely Church
them for if you liked this video make
sure you share with your sibling and
also click the links in description to
share on both Facebook and Twitter also
make sure you rate comment and hit that
subscribe button because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday before
I go I just gotta say yo yo yo did you
hear I had 2 million subscribers what
what thank you so so so so so much I'm
so overwhelmed and I feel so so blessed
and grateful so thank you for all your
support I love you so much and one love
superwoman that is a wrap end
